 NOTE: This story entails piss play. 

***** 

Hoshi slowly returns to consciousness and awareness as the wisps of sexual bliss begin to fade. He can feel the warmth of his naked body lying under the warmth of his friend's naked body. He can feel the mass of cooling river of cum that was deposit between his ass cheeks and is making its way down his ass onto the bed. His penis and belly is lying in a small lake of cum that he explosively expelled during that first amazing burst of sexual release. 

He can feel Dion's semi-hard cock pressed against his own ass by the weight of his friends nude body on top of him. He feels content. 

But then he notices a warm feeling in his groin and he realizes he needs to pee and that feeling sexually excites him. He begins to stir trying to get out from under his friend, who awakens from his efforts. 

"Hey love, where are you going?" Dion asks 

"I need to pee," Hoshi says sheepishly. 

"Do you want an empty bottle?" Dion says jokingly. 

"Nope. I'm civilized." The idea of Dion watching him pee excites Hoshi as well as the strong need to pee. 

"Well aren't you special," Dion says as he gets off of Hoshi and playfully swats his bare butt. "There, now the princess can go pee." 

Hoshi leans over to quickly kiss Dion on the cheek and then heads to the main bathroom followed by Dion. 

Hoshi sits on the toilet to pee the feeling of finally releasing his piss is so satisfying and he enjoys the strong scent of his own pee and the feeling of power as it pours out in an seeming endless stream of hot warm liquid. 

"I knew you were a princess, you pee like one, ha!" 

"I find it is easier this way with my 'diminutive organ' and it is so much more proper," Hoshi takes on a fake accent of a 'Proper Victorian English Lady'. 

"Let's check out your parent's porn and then eat some breakfast." 

They find the open trunk at the base of his Dad's bed. They look over the bedroom and spot the remnants of his Mom's wardrobe, with open closet doors and dresser draws displaying shoes, lingerie and make up, and jewelry, it is obvious to them that Hoshi's father did it deliberately. 

Oh! Looked at all the pretty clothes! And there is a lot of Mom's clothes as well. Oh my...it's like when I was growing up and was allowed to play dress up, Mom and Dad would let me wear pretty things and play with makeup and such. They thought I was so cute. It all stopped when I got older, well at least as far as they knew. I would sneak some of Mom's panties out of the hamper to wear occasionally. They felt so good. Damn. I wonder...would Dion let me get dressed up? 

In the trunk on the top layer, they find layers of DVD's and they take them out as if they were archeologists at dig. Underneath the DVD the find more clothing and other items, differing sizes of high heels, with a variety of differing sized lady's lingerie. The other items some kind of harness to wear, hand cuffs, ropes, and a variety of anatomically correct silicon penises in the form of dildos and butt plugs. 

"Wow," Dion says. "Your parents were into kinky play stuff!" 

The two of them are getting turned on by the sight of all this and they begin to get hard ons. 

"Hey," Dion exclaims, "They were into strap on play." 

"Strap on? What's that?" 

"See this," Dion holds up the strap-on harness, "It's for a lady to wear a plastic penis so that she can fuck a guy in the ass, or so she can fuck her lesbian lover's pussy or asshole, either way." 

"Wow! I never knew." 

The earliest DVD were hetero-sexual made by female director's and Gay directors, next they find an abundance of lesbian porn, piss play videos: male on female, female on male, male on male, and both sexes 'accidentally' peeing in a variety of clothing items, then a collection of 'Lady Boy', Tranny and transvestite porn. Hoshi is excited at seeing the piss play DVDs. 

"What is this 'Lady Boy'-Tranny stuff?" Hoshi asks, as see looks at the covers of the DVD's and sees girls with penises. 

"Oh Shit! Man they are into kinky stuff," Dion exclaims excitedly. "'Lady Boys' are guys who are Tranny's they are transgender, people who are born into one sex but want to be the other. By the looks of the DVD's they are into guys who want to be girls. They were all into guys dressing up as girls, and even guys who took hormones and that's how they would end up with such nice tits and still have a dick. " 

"Oh that's hot! Guys who dressed up as girls and guys with breast! I never knew about all this," Hoshi says as he instinctively rubs his penis at the feelings that are building up in him. 

"And by the looks of all of the porn and the clothes, your Dad and Mom were into this." 

"You mean into guys dressing up like a girl?" 

"Oh yeah, big time!" Dion says excited as he slowly strokes his erection. "I wonder if you Dad..." 

"Oh no. Not Dad. But they always had cute friends over all the time. Nice young girls and boys would come for dinner and stay awhile. Maybe the boys were the ones who dressed up?" 

"That would explain all the different sizes of the clothing...yeah, maybe." 

Dad dressed up? Did he? Oh my! But they liked boys dressing up like girls that is for certain. I want to dress up like a girl! But how can I? Will Dion think me weird and not like me? 

"Dion...I wonder...if...it would be okay...if I...I mean...I am all excited by...and well...could we or could I..." Hoshi says all embarrassed. 

"Hey. This is hot and cool. Let me tell you a secret but you can't tell anyone okay?" 

"Sure. I promise." 

"I would sneak my sister's panties and wear them." 

"Really?" 

"Really. It felt so good with my dick wrapped up in that soft material. I could almost cum as soon as I put them on." 

"Then it would be okay if I asked if we could play dress up?" 

"You mean like us pretending to be two hot little les girls playing?" 

"Les girls?" 

"Lesbians-girls who are into girls." 

"Oh. Yes I want to dress up I think it would be really hot." 

"Hell. Let's do it." 

So Dion finds red outfit of lace stockings, lace thong panty, A cup bra, with a garter belt and tops it off with platform red leather pumps. The head of Dion's hard on is sticking out of the top of his thong panties. Hoshi goes for a tiny and tight pink lace thong, pink lace A cup bra, and the tallest pair of platform high heels he could find to fit into, he finds a pair of six or seven inch plastic ones with white ankle straps, but doesn't put them on. He then goes for the makeup and starts painting his nails. 

"You're really into this dress seriously." 

"I guess I am," Hoshi says sheepishly. "Is that okay?" 

"Sure you're really want to play the part of the lipstick les girly. Let me help you," Dion says. 

Dion does Hoshi's fingernails with the pink polish and then asks if Hoshi wants his toes nails done. 

"Can I?" 

"Of course anything for my sexy little girl friend." 

They sit down and Hoshi takes his feet and nestles them against Dion's hard on. "Now can you do me?" Hoshi asks. 

"Oh man can I ever!" As Dion's cock gives a twitch. 

Hoshi feels Dion's prick move and begins to play footsie with Dion's prick and balls while Dion paints his toe nails with the pink polish. Dion is getting a feeble but really nice foot job by Hoshi, though Dion doesn't think Hoshi knows exactly what he is doing. Dion doesn't care it feels great. He keeps almost cumming for all that foot play. It finally stops when Dion does the last of Hoshi's toes. They get out of bed and Hoshi puts on his slutty platform heels with the ankle straps. They admire themselves in the mirrors. 

"Man we are two hot young lesbians!" 

"Really?" Hoshi exclaims. 

"Oh yeah, especially you, you can easily pass for a girl, and damn hot one at that." 

"Oh thanks." 

Dion begins to envelope Hoshi in his arms and pulls him into his embrace. Being held like this feels so good to Hoshi, the semi-nudity and being dressed up like two girls in their sexy underwear and high heels is such a turn on. Dion starts to rub up against Hoshi and the contact is a turn on. They both get into rubbing themselves up against each other feeling their aroused cocks touching through the lace of their panties. The added pressure against Hoshi's penis makes him aware of the slowly building need to pee which adds to the arousing sensations. Also their nipples touch each other and it sends a shivering sensation directly to Hoshi's sex. Like his nipples are hot wired to his sex. Then, Dion gives Hoshi a quick kiss on the lips. 

Oh wow...that was like a electric spark. I hope he does that again. 

"I'm feeling overwhelmed" Hoshi says with such abundance of pleasures, the touch, the clothes, the need to pee, and then DVD's. 

Dion is embarrassed from kissing his friend and needs to switch the discussion to something else. "I really like the feeling of this sexy girly stuff. Even the high heels, I'm getting used to walking in them. They make me feel so sexy and so powerful. I like it." 

"Me too. I'm as tall as you now." 

"Yeah, but that's cause I'm only in four inch heels, your got six or seven inches on your platform hotties. Damn you look good!" Dion says rubbing his erect cock bursting out in his red lace panties. "I really like the feeling of the thong in my ass. How about you?" 

"Yeah, that is very sexy." Hoshi agrees. "What DVD's should we watch?" 

"I've never seen any of the piss play DVD's nor the Lady Boy one's let's start with them, okay?" 

"Sure. Are you into the piss play stuff?" 

I can feel that insistent pressure in my balls from the need that is slowly building from this morning's pee. It is as pleasant urge that makes me kind of aroused. I do like it. I hope Dion is into this piss play I think I want to give it a try. 

"Sure why not. The feeling of needing to go and trying to ignore that is kind of a turn on. It is violates all that you've been taught as a kid. Doing the piss play is clearly wrong and that makes it kind of temptingly wicked and good. Like the idea of peeing on yourself because you forced yourself to not go to the bathroom, or getting pissed on or pissing on someone else...it all sounds kind of interesting. Clearly your parents were into it?" 

Wow, they had the DVDs, maybe my parents were into this sort of play as well as me! That's so cool. 

"I think I will try the holding it in idea, I guess I've been doing it without knowing it, since I never went to pee this morning," Hoshi says telling a white lie. 

"How does it feel?" 

"Kind of exciting." 

"I was thinking that. Hey then since you will be pissing on yourself, do you want me to add to it by pissing on you? Then you can do me later?" 

"Sure. Sounds hot. Will eat first and then play," Hoshi says. "So get the piss play and a 'Lady Boy' DVDs." 

They strut to the kitchen like two girls walking the Victoria Secrets runway, flaunting their sexy outfits and laughing about playing the girly girls. The idea of watching the piss play DVD's is like a subliminal message and they both begin to drink a lot of fluids with breakfast: coffee and lots of juice. They subconsciously begin the process of tanking up. As they eat breakfast they watch the piss play DVD on Hoshi's laptop computer. They eat, joke and begin playing with their aroused cocks while watching the scenes. They select by mutual consent the one's involving the male actors. Some scenes of guys 'forced' to pee in their pants, and then lots of scenes of guys piss on another naked male actor. 

"Hot stuff isn't it?" Hoshi says stroking his hard cock. 

"Yes it is." Dion replies as he is getting ready to ejaculated. "I wasn't sure I would like these, but I'm about to shoot a load right now!" 

"Me too!" 

"Let me see you." 

They pull back their chairs so they can watch each other jack off. 

"Oh yeah...ohhhh..." they both say in unison. 

"Hey Hoshi can I ask you something, it's kind of a secret." 

"Of course you can." 

"In the porno videos they often do this and I've always wanted to do it." 

"Yeah so what is this?" 

"Well, it involves one kind cumming all over the other guy." 

"Really? Like where do they unload this cum?" 

"Ohhh...well all over, on a guy's face, his chest, his cock, even his butt. Ohhhh man I'm so close..." 

"And you want to cum on me is that it?" Hoshi asks secretly hoping Dion will say yes. 

"Yeah...that would be so hot. Would that be okay with you?" 

"Oh yes. That does sound hot. Where do you want to do it? You look like you're really close to bursting." 

"ooohhhh yeah...I'm about to...just sit there and I will come and blast it over you! Now!" 

Dion quickly gets up and stands in front of Hoshi and frantically beats his meat in the direction of his captivated and exited friend. Hoshi continues to masturbate as he watches with anticipation at the bouncing blur of Dion's cock head aimed in Hoshi's direction. 

"NOW Hoshi! I'm going to cummmmm!" 

Dion shoots his first burst of cream and it lands with a hot splash onto Hoshi's cheek. The cum drips down to Hoshi's lips and he licks it up even as Dion shoots a second and third burst of cum onto Hoshi's chest. 

"OH man...oh man..."Hoshi exclaims panting as he is about to burst himself. He gushes forth and his cum pours all over his hand and on his thighs. "Ohhhh...God...Dion...ahhhhhh..." 

"Wow...that was so fucking hot. Thanks Hoshi. You look so hot covered in my cum load, it's a real turn on." 

"I feel all sexy as well. And, you know what? Your cum tastes kind of good." 

"Really? Wow. You like the taste of my cum, man that is such a turn on." 

"Hoshi, do you know what?" 

"What Dion?" 

"I'm beginning to feel like I need to take a leak." 

"Me too. Are you thinking what I'm thinking?" 

"You mean like in those video's of your Dad's we've been watching?" 

"Yeah like that." 

"Is it too weird?" 

"Nah. We've been watching them and getting all turned on by them, its perfectly cool to want to try out some of the scenes." 

"Oh that's a relief. I want to do it. Will you help me do it?" 

"Hell yes. I'll drink to that!" Dion joking says downing his half-filled glass of juice. 

"Yeah! Me too!" Hoshi down's his juice as well. "Pour you another as we clean up the dishes?" 

"Yes!" 

"Hey, remember in Dad's trunk were there panty hose in there?" 

"Yeah, so?" 

"I'm going to go put them on and piss in them." 

"Okay, I'm game, should I go get some towels?" 

"Yes lay out as many as you can find I will go get into my pantyhose." 

"Okay I'm up for it. And Hoshi while you're in your Dad's bedroom find his stash of oil and lube and bring it here." 

"Okay." 

Hoshi quickly goes to the bedroom and finds a pair of pantyhose that will fit him. They are white and small. He puts them on and they cling to his body like a second skin they are so tight that they press into his groin and snuggly fit into his butt crack. He admires himself in the mirror and likes how this pink thong panty shows through and being under the pantyhose is really pressing into his ass and his penis. Making him feel that insistent need to pee in his balls. He finds the stash of oils and lubes, brings a bottle of each, and comes back to the kitchen to see Dion sporting a hard on and laying down all the towels in one pile on the floor. 

"Oh man Hoshi it looks like you spray painted yourself white! Those are hell of a tight on you." 

"Dion you're all hard again!" 

"Yeah. All of this is getting me really turned on. Great you got the oil! I'm going to pour some out on my dick and go to town with this slick piece a meat watching you squirm." 

"Oh yeah...I'm feeling it. The pantyhose is putting real pressure on my bladder is intense and I like that. It's all hot down between my legs from the piss building to a boil...ahhh...yessss..." 

"I think that calls for more juice, right?" 

"Yup! I want you to piss on me and I'm going to hold it in as long as I can and then wet myself." 

"Cool, and Hoshi you look so sexy in those pantyhose like some hot little girl." 

"I playing the part of your slutty little girl friend." 

"And you play it well." 

"Hey, I had a really wicked thought, but you might think its gross." 

"Nah. Just tell me Hoshi." 

"Remember you filled up that bottle with all your morning pee, that bottle keeps liquids hot it's doubled sealed." 

"You mean like using my piss?" 

"Yeah...I want to have you piss and pour it all over me. Is that kind of weird?" 

"Hell no. It sounds hot. Like the porn video." 

"Cool. You know what Dion." 

"What Hoshi." 

"I think I've always loved you." 

"Ahhh...now your embarrassing me, and I guess I love you too." 

Hoshi comes up to his friend all quiet and shy. He reaches out to embrace his friend. They look longingly at each other and then Hoshi quickly kisses Dion on the lips. Then Dion pulls Hoshi close and kisses his friend with an open mouth, their tongues touch and they passionately kiss and hold each other close, fondling each other's bodies as they kiss. Their cocks get hard as they press up against each other with Dion's erection pressing on Hoshi's trapped penis stretched out all straight and pointing upwards within the confines of the panty hose. As they French kiss, Dion humps his friend and the groans of pleasure from Hoshi encourage Dion to continue. 

Oh man oh man...I feel it...it's building inside me and I need to pee...ohhhh...Dion pressing his cock and body up against me is adding to the pain...mmmmm...ohhh...lovely intense pain of needing to go to the bathroom...put I won't let themselves...ohhh...need to pisssss...got to...ohhhhh... 

Hoshi is really squirming now and Dion pulls away to watch his friend. Dion goes as quick as he can in the high heels to fetch the bottle with all his morning piss. He continues to strokes his oiled cock as he heads to Hoshi's bedroom. Dion feels both jizz and piss boiling inside of him competing for release. He is enjoying his own discomfort as the mutual feelings of pissing and cum fight to take control of his slick hard cock as he continues to stroke off. He retrieves it and then tries to quickly come back to Hoshi, being very careful to not trip and fall over perched on these high heels. 

"God Dion you've got such a hot looking penis...oh man I love looking at it all hard and slick like that...ohhhhhhhh...I need to pee...I need to pee..." 

"Hoshi stand on the towels quick!" Dion says in a commanding tone as he continues to stroke his oiled erect shaft enjoying the feeling of his balls still encased in the lace panties. 

Hoshi carefully walks over in her heels to the center of the pile of towels. 

"Great, now when you pee it will get absorbed into the towels, good thinking Hoshi." 

"Oh God...Oh God...Oh God...I got to go...I need to pee..." Hoshi says squeezing her thighs together as he instinctually tries to clamp his hot bursting piss filled penis tighter. Trying as best he can to control the boiling flood that he feels coming over him. "Oh God...Dion I can't stop it...Oh God...I need to...I have to run to the toilet...I can't do this..." 

"No! Stay where you are Hoshi!" (Oh man I'm going to burst as well. All this talk of needing to go makes me need to go. Damn! I can feel it!) 

Hearing the commanding tone in Dion's voice is amazingly arousing. Hoshi stays knowing and liking the idea that he has to be obedient and subservient to Dion. "Oh Dion...I need to...I have to...please...please...I beg you...I have to did it soooon...oh...please..." 

"Stay there. Just let it go." (Oh man...I need to pee...whose going to burst first I wonder.) 

"It's so wrong...Oh Dion...it's so wrong...ohhhhhh..." 

"Yes. It is wrong. That is why we are dressed up like slutty lesbians and you are the sluttiest girly girl who is so bad she is going to pee all over herself...she is going to wet herself...do it!" 
