 I'm a shy, smallish, slightly pudgy from my waist down, a bit wider in the hips, butt and rounder legs, small delicate hands and feet. I think I'm a very passable nubile little Japanese girl, with shoulder length black hair, small nose, full lips, long lashes, and a tiny penis, and obviously flat chested. This summer, my Mom divorced my kinky Dad, for someone else, a younger man or perhaps a woman?

My Dad arranged to have my taller and more solidly built friend Dion, whose body is more androgynous and as a model for a young Greek God could pass for either gender but there is no mistaking his sex once you see his nicely hanging balls and a nice solid penis. Though, his body is all smooth he does have to shave his underarms and remove his pubic hair to have that look. He had come by at my Dad's invitation to spend the week with me naked, check out my sexual orientation, and teach me how to enjoy sexual play. We all knew I'm a complete virgin when it came to any kind of sexual activities.

We have been given access to my parents secret trunk of toys, DVD's, and girly clothes and we've played dress up. I'm in 6 or 7 inch platform high heels with an ankle strap, mine are pink, Dion's are only four inch platform heel pumps. We are both in lace bras and thong panties, mine are pink his are red. He has a matching garter belt holding up his stockings, I at the moment am wearing white very tight pantyhose over my thong. 

Did I say I'm lying on a pile of towels soaking in Dion's piss? I also wet myself while wearing my pantyhose. So I am covered in a thin coat of nutty smelling urine from head to my painted pink toes.

Oh yeah, I just gave Dion as fantastic hand job and I was given a total facial for my efforts. Dion is resting on top of me at this very moment.

"Oh wow...Hoshi...that was so great...and you look a mess...my cum is splattered all over you."

"Yup! It's very tasty, did you know that?" Hoshi says licking another glob off his mouth.

"Shall we clean up and watch some of the Lady Boy porn?" Dion asks.

"Yes let's get these towels into the wash, then get into the shower and get cleaned up."

"Should we strip out of these pissed soak things and put them in the wash as well?"

"No, these are delicate and need to be treated differently, I have an idea."

After getting the wash going Hoshi decides to check out his parent's shower, figuring theirs would be more easily accommodate us both of them taking a shower together. When they do check out the bathroom area they do find a large tiled double shower, almost its own small room that could easily accommodate four people, if they were willing to get intimate.

"Now what?" Dion asks.

"Now we get these heels of us and just get into the shower dressed as we are. The hot water will soak out the piss from them so we then can dry them off."

When Dion walks into the shower he notices Hoshi's Dad's sex toy laying off in the corner he will go and retrieve it later he says to himself. 

Then Hoshi steps into the shower and they turn on two of the shower heads and the hot water begins to do its magic. Dion's bra, panties, garter belt and stockings all get soaked and begin to come clean. Dion strips them off and wrings all the piss and water out of them. My thoroughly soaked pantyhose takes longer to soak and remove all the piss that flooded them. Once that's done I peel the skin tight pantyhose off me and wring them out, then I can remove my thong panties and bra to finally stand naked under the shower.

Dion comes over to me and we embrace under the shower entwining our arms and legs together as we tongue kiss deep and long, our hands traveling all over each other's wet bare flesh fondling and enjoying each other, Dion's aroused penis pressing into Hoshi's smaller but equally aroused penis. They grab some soap and begin to soap each other up while still wrapped in their sexual embrace. Dion has Hoshi lean against one the shower's glass walls as Dion slides his soaped up erection against his friends soap slicked ass.

"Oh that is nice..."Hoshi says as Dion continues to hump him with his slick cock. While Dion humps Hoshi's ass, Hoshi press his soap naked body up against the glass to hump the wall. They simulated fucking continues to build, Dion now fully pressing his own soapy naked body up against Hoshi's body. They are now fully lost in their lust as they simulate the sex act their bodies pressing up against each other. Their moans of sexual pleasure blend to a crescendo as they both begin to climax almost simultaneously pouring out copious amounts of hot creamy cum.

After the long moments of the aftermath of their climax subside they turn around and kiss once again. They giggle as they get back under the shower to wash off the cum and soap.

They pick up their discarded and now clean smelling girly items and after wringing out all the water, they step out of the shower to towel down. 

Hoshi takes a towel to clean up his pink platform high heels and they put them back on, Dion follows suit and they admire they naked bodies standing tall in their heels.

"The towels should all be done washing by now," Hoshi says. "You can get some Lady Boy DVD's, the oil and lubes, and meet me in the Den."

"Absolutely!" Dion replies, "Hey, how about you getting something to drink out of the fridge, say some beer? Your dad said it would be okay?"

"Sure."

Though once Hoshi walks off, Dion as quickly as he can in his high heels goes back to retrieve the silicon cock toy that he spotted in the shower he wraps it in a small towel and brings it with him as he goes to retrieve oils, lubes and DVDs.

Dion puts in the DVD sets out the oil and lube nearby, the stack of Tranny and Lady Boy DVDs nearby as well. He sets his bare butt on the leather coach waiting for Hoshi to join him. He checks out his friend's naked body and grins at how much he looks the part of a young shapely girl especially with Hoshi holding the six pack of beer so that it hides his cute little prick. 

Hoshi hands Dion and open bottle of beer as Hoshi scoots his warm nude body up against Dion's as Dion turns on the large flat screen TV. They toast and settle back into the coach.

"I have to say," Hoshi says after taking a sip of the beer. "That the color of this beer reminds me of your piss."

"It does, but does it taste better than my piss?"

"Slightly."

They both laugh as they take another swig of beer. Hoshi grabs some oil and pours it on Dion's semi hard penis and then he pours some on his own little penis as well. Hoshi take Dion's penis in his small hands, while Dion's hand engulfs Hoshi's prick and balls with his. They begin to edge each other as they watch the porn while drinking their beer.. The get into a slow but steady sexual rhythm as the scenes reveal the pleasures that two Lady boys have with each other on the screen.

"Oh my! Look!" Hoshi squeals in surprise. "Those two girls have penises! They are really boys with breasts! How is that possible?"

"I told you about this earlier when we first found the DVDs." Dion explains again how with hormone therapy these boys transformed into girls bodies but they still have their boy dangly bits between their legs.

"I'm so jealous," Hoshi says. "I want breasts like that!"

"Really?" Dion asks stroking Hoshi's erect three and half inches.

"Yes, really. I want to be your little girl and Daddy's little girl. Won't I look good in breasts?"

"Oh yeah...you have the makings of a passable body already."

"I'm glad you like it."

Dion reaches over and begins to rub Hoshi's erect nipples.

"Oh man!" Hoshi squeals with delight. "When you touch them they send sparks to my penis! Wow!"

"Let's try this then..." Dion bends over and licks one of Hoshi's nipples, flicking it with his tongue.

"Oh...yeah...oh..."

Dion's tongue and mouth goes from nipple to nipple and Hoshi squirms with pleasure.

"I'm going to burst...oh God!"

Dion begins to nip Hoshi's nipple with his teeth and that sends Hoshi over the edge. His cock begins to ooze cum as he swoons and moans. When Hoshi finishes cumming Dion stops as well.

"Oh Dion..."

"Your nipples are wired just like a girls, I have to agree it would be fun if you had breasts," Dion remarks.

"Imagine how they would feel in your mouth."

"I'm about to burst another round," Dion says all hot from seeing his friend cum.

"Do you want to shoot it into my mouth?"

"Oh yeah!"

Dion gets up and straddles his friend aiming his oiled cock at Hoshi's open mouth. He pumps his oil hard prick and shoots out a thick stream of cream into his friends waiting mouth filling him to offer flowing. Hoshi licks and swallows Dion's load.

"Cum is definitely an acquired taste and very filling," Hoshi says as he licks the last drops of jizz from his lips."

"Well, you may have had your fill, buy I think it is time I had something to eat as well, let's see what we can round up in the kitchen."

They take their beers to the kitchen and prepare a late lunch. As they are about to clean up Dion checks out his phone and finds a text from Hoshi's father.

"Hey Hoshi, can you clean up while I check in with your Dad? He's wondering how we're doing."

"Sure. Tell him I want breasts for my birthday present." Hoshi remarks half jesting and half seriously.

Dion texts back to Hoshi's father.

D: checking in as requested

RD: Report. Does Hoshi want to take vows of celibacy?

D: Nope. Good and bad news.

RD: So?

D: good news: likes sex. Bad news: not interested in girls.

RD: Gay?

D: yes

RD: That's acceptable. Enjoying the DVDs?

D: yes. Piss play and Lady boys

RD: we were into kinky stuff

D: also borrowed some of the girly clothes. Is that ok?

RD: only if you look good in them. :>)

D: We do. Hoshi is a hot babe!

RD: He enjoys dressing up?

D: YES! Can I tell you secret?

RD: Of course.

D: after seeing the LB porn said: I want breasts

RD: Really?

D: really.

RD: that can be arranged.

D: really?

RD: really. 1 he needs to show he wants to live like a she. Ask him for me.

D: what do u mean?

RD: Is he willing/wanting to act like a girl 24/7? Report back.

Dion can't quite believe that exchange. It is cool that he is okay with Hoshi being gay. But it is another thing to say he is okay with Hoshi being into cross dressing. Maybe that's because he was into that as well. Would make sense and explain the larger items in the trunk. But the 'girl 24/7' does that mean hormone therapy?

D:by acting like a girl 24/7: u mean always dressing like a girl and not as a boy? Lipstick, polish, etc.

RD: yes.

D: I'll get back shortly.

Dion finds a naked Hoshi standing in his platform high heels at the kitchen sink slowly rubbing his cock against the edge of sink while he's finishing washing and drying. God he looks hot. He looks like such a hot little girly girl. Maybe he would want to be a Lady Boy.

Dion walks up to Hoshi holding his smart phone in his hand and wraps his arms around his chest while he rubs his naked body up against Hoshi's.

"Missed me?" Dion whispers in Hoshi's ear as he rubs his growing erection against Hoshi's soft bare ass.

"Yes. Dad okay?"

"Yes."

"Did you tell him I do like sex?"

"Yes."

"What else did you tell him?"

"In brief, everything."

"Everything?" Hoshi turns around to face Dion, the two are now rubbing their bare bodies up against each other, cock to cock.

"Sort of. Told him we dressed up in the girly clothes."

"Really?"

"Yup. Remember this stuff was his in the trunk I figured he might be into cross dressing so I told him we tried some of it on. He was okay with that."

"Wow."

"Also told him we enjoyed the piss play and Lady boy DVD's."

"Really?"

"Yup. But get this. I told him how you joked about wanting breasts like the Lady Boys."

"Really? Oh my." (I do! I really do! I want to have breasts and be a lady boy! Is that wrong?)

"He said and I quote: that can be arranged. When I got that I was floored!"

"Wow! He really said that?"

"Yes. He did. I'm to ask if you are willing to act the part of a girl 24/7."

"Wow! Really? Truly? He asked that?"

"Yes." 

By now, both their cocks are rock hard and they are slowly humping each other they are both so excited.

"What did you tell him," Hoshi asks in a scared whisper.

"I told him I would ask you? So, do you want to play dress up all the time? Do you really want to live like you are girl?"

"Wow. You mean I would wear girly clothes in public?"

"That would be right. You would wear girly clothes all the time, when you are wearing clothes that is. As well as the makeup, the whole girly thing. So what do you say? Do you really want to be like one of those Lady Boys?"

Hoshi takes a deep breath and thinks. Feeling Dion's hard cock rubbing against his, thinking how much he like seeing Dion naked, feeling his naked body and then recalling how he lusted after his own Dad when he saw his naked body, well that clinched it. Admitting this almost brought him to another climax. 

"Yes," Hoshi whispers and feels tears start to form.

"What did you say?" Dion asks holding Hoshi's warm naked body even closer, as one of Dion's hands squeezes Hoshi's bare ass while with his other hand he reaches down to grab and hold his own and Hoshi's cock tightly together. "Say that again?"

"Yes...Oh God Dion...yes! Tell him yes!" Then he escapes from Dion's embrace to begin to kiss Dion's body as he murmurs over and over again, "Yes." Hoshi begins to kneel as he continues to kiss Dion's body, first his stomach, then his belly button and he keeps going lower till he is on his knees looking directly at Dion's erect cock. "Oh yes! Tell him Yes!" Then Hoshi opens his mouth and begins to close it around Dion's cock head. Hoshi recalls the DVD's and starts to give Dion want he imagines a blow job would be like.

"Oh God Hoshi!"

Hoshi begins to lick and suck on Dion's cock, and then stops. "Dion text my Dad while I give you a blow job, tell him I want to be a girly girl 24/7." Hoshi returns to lavishing Dion's erect hot throbbing cock with his tongue and mouth.

"OH God Hoshi...ohhhhh...I'll try...hard to concentrate with you doing that...ohhhh...but...I'll do my best...ohhhh..." Dion begins to text Hoshi's Dad.

D: yes!!

RD: Hoshi wants to do this 24/7?

D: yes!!

RD: I will send my secretary to u. Do u want some girly things to wear?

D: if u are paying? Sure. Fun.

RD: She will be there in 30.

D: what do we wear?

RD: nothing. Be naked. she needs to check things out to determine proper sizes. Obey her & go with her. See u later tonight. She will take u shopping.

D: okay.

Dion signs off and somehow manages to put his phone down and then holds onto the counter.

"I did it...he's sending his secretary to take us shopping...oh God...oh God...I love you...I love you...oh God...cumming...I'm cumming again...OHHHHHHHHHH!"

With that, Dion feels his cock bursts forth yet again, sending a hot blast of cum into Hoshi's mouth.