 Please Note: This story is a work of fiction based upon actual events. Names have been changed and certain aspects have been embellished for artistic purpose and readability. Which parts are true is up to the reader to decide!

*****

I think that perhaps I had always been curious about other men, but it was not until my early 20s that nervousness and prudence gave way to curiosity and desire. Those early forays into gay sex are stories for another time, but for now I'd like to share with you a tale of surprise and happenstance that occurred after I had already indulged in curiosity once or twice. 

First, a bit of background. As a young man of 19, I had finally grown out of teenage awkwardness, and through a lot of hard work, shed the excess pounds of an overweight childhood. Even though I was short in stature, I had learned to make use of what I had. After the weight loss, I had a nice frame. I had piercing gray eyes, and I had tamed a shock of formerly unmanageable wavy brown hair into a close-cropped cap that worked nicely with my strong Scandinavian chin and jawline. Girls were (finally!) noticing me and I was getting some much needed self esteem going. My only problem was that I was painfully shy and sometimes blissfully unaware that I was being flirted with.

It was around this time that I had started my first full time job. I had not yet decided on whether or not college was for me, so I took one of the local factory jobs that was abundant in my neck of the woods. Within the first week I had become fast friends with a girl my age named Jess. She was all of five feet tall and quite thin. No breasts to speak of, and a rather sharp nose on an otherwise pretty face. Of course I fell madly in love, but was unable to act on my feelings. As is often the case, she naturally already had a boyfriend. Although they did break up shortly thereafter, I was too afraid to make a move, but our friendship still continued and I was content. I even had started dating someone else, and lost my virginity to her, although the relationship itself didn't last long. After her, there were a few others as well. 

Fast forward two years. Jess and I had both turned 21 recently and were out drinking, celebrating the fact that I had decided to finally go to college. Near the end of the evening, she asked if I knew of a guy Max at work. I thought I knew who he was, and replied that I did. 

"He's older, right? Works in receiving?"

"Yeah, that's him. He's 29. Well, I wanted to tell you that him and I have gone out a few times."

By this point in our friendship, I knew that any romance between her and I wouldn't work out, so I didn't feel any jealousy or weirdness, and I said that was cool and asked how it was going. 

"Well," she said. "OK I guess. To be honest, I don't think it's anything long term but..."

"But what?" I asked. 

"Um, we fucked last night, and well, he's really, really big. Like long, I mean." She giggled nervously. "I'm sorry, I don't know why I'm telling you this, it's just I've never even seen one that big before. It's gotta be like 9 inches long!" 

Jess and I had talked a lot about our sex lives over the years, so this was nothing shocking, but I still had no idea what to say. In fact, and maybe it was the booze talking, but I was actually mildly aroused. Eventually the moment passed and the conversation moved onto other things, but for the rest of the night, in the back of my mind, I couldn't shake the thought of what a penis that large would even look like. Of course I had seen big ones in porn, but when thinking in real world terms I couldn't even imagine what it would look like placed next to my own modest 6 inches. Later that night after returning home, I furiously stroked my rock hard cock while I imagined Max's long dick pumping in and out of Jess's slick pussy. 

***************

College had come and gone. I was back in town, living with my folks temporarily while I looked for a job and my own place. As is often the case, my friendship with Jess had faded over the time I was away. While in college, as mentioned earlier, I had experimented with other guys a few times. Nothing hardcore, just some stroking and oral. Enough to know that even though I still liked and preferred women, I had a bit of a cock fetish and enjoyed getting my hands and mouth on one occasionally. I spent a good deal of time online in those days, as many of us did. In the mid-2000s, the chat rooms on Yahoo were at their peak and I would idle many hours away there when I had nothing better to do. Sometimes, when I was horny and in the mood for dick, I would go into the M4M rooms and chat or even cyber with someone, jerk off and call it a night. One afternoon, however... 

The IM window popped up with a ding.

"Hey," said the messenger. "Those initials in your screen name, is that what state you're in?"

I replied that that was correct. 

"Cool. I'm from there too. Whereabouts?"

I responded, and come to find out, we lived in the same town. Now, for some of you this may not seem like a big deal, but I'm from a quite small town, so here it was relatively surprising. We chatted for the next hour or two, in which I discovered that he was a straight guy who had heard that guys give better head. He said that he loved getting his dick sucked, but a lot of women either didn't like doing it or weren't very good. He was now engaged and while he was otherwise happy, his future wife was just not good at servicing him orally. He went on to say that he had made the same complaint to a friend of his, who told him how he had solved the problem. He told me how his friend Steve had told him that since his wife couldn't suck dick well, he had gone and found himself a guy to use as a regular cocksucker for those times when he just needed a good blowjob. The guy I was chatting to remarked how he had been thinking more and more about what his friend said and had decided he was ready to try it out for himself. He said that his main concern was that he was worried about diseases, as he certainly didn't want to bring anything home to his fiancée. As we talked, I told him a little about my experiences and I had had many of the same fears, including personal safety and discretion. I admitted that part of the attraction for me was the secrecy, that there was something hot about being a straight guy to the outside world, but liking cock behind closed doors. He considered that for a moment and said that he could see himself getting turned on by the fact that it was his straight cock that was turning an otherwise heterosexual dude into a bit of a bitch behind closed doors.

We talked for a bit more along those lines, until eventually there was a pause in the conversation. I assumed that he had either lost interest or got weirded out, and was about to log myself off when suddenly the IM dinged back to life. 

"So, you want to do this?" He said. 

I hesitated before responding. Did I want to? Hell yes I did. But I was getting those annoying cold feet. It's one thing to talk big in an IM window, another to actually meet up and get down on your knees in front of a complete stranger. 

"I don't have a place," I said, knowing that is usually the kiss of death for these things. Most people are cautious about inviting a stranger over, and rightly so. Not to mention that they often live with others and obviously cannot have company of this sort, even if they want to. 

"No, that's cool," he said. "I'm a member of a club, and our meeting house is empty now. I have a key though. Trust me, it's totally safe there now."

"What kind of club?" I asked. 

"Well," he said. "I'm a member of the Masons. Do you know where the Lodge is?"

"The Masons, huh? Is this on the up and up? You aren't going to make me part of a weird ritual or group sacrifice, right?" I joked. 

"Nah," he LOL'd. "We don't actually do that stuff...anymore ;)". 

The little bit of joking around had made me feel a little more at ease. There's always a risk associated with a hook up, especially in a small town, but I decide to take a chance. He wanted his dick sucked, and I wanted to suck it. 

"Alright," I said. "Let's do this thing. When do you want to do this? I know where the Lodge is, and I'm like 5 minutes from there."

"Cool," he said. "It's down the road from me as well. Let me jump in the shower real quick and then meet there? Say a half hour?"

I agreed and signed out, and went to freshen up a little myself. 

*****************

Thirty minutes later, I pulled into the front lot at the lodge. Sure as his word, there were no other cars there. I parked and waited. Within another moment or two, a silver SUV pulled in, and parked nearby. We both exited our vehicles at nearly the same time. I closed my car door and turned around to see who I was meeting. Our gazes met, and I felt a glimmer of recognition, followed by sheer panic. From the look on his face, he was having the same experience. He was around 5'8" and very thin. It was Max, the purportedly well-hung man Jess had been seeing those few years ago! My mind raced, petrified that I had just been outed. 

"Hey," he said. "You're Jason, right? Jess's old friend?"

"Yeah. How have you been, Max?"

"Good, good. Well, this is weird huh? Tell you what, I won't tell if you won't!"

That deal worked for me. I suppose he had just as much to lose as I did, if not more. How could he out me for sucking dick when he was just as guilty for being there to get it sucked?

We walked inside the Lodge. Inside, we talked a little bit, somewhat nervously breaking the ice. I learned that him and Jess had split up some time ago. He was engaged to another woman currently. We walked into what looked like a community or small banquet room. There were some tables and chairs, and various items around. It was a bit dark; the grey light from the overcast late afternoon outside filtered through the closed blinds on the windows. He did not turn on the lights, for which I was thankful. The dimness added to the clandestine nature of our activity. As we chatted lightly, my mind wandered a bit, and I remembered Jess talking about this man's impressive member. It began to sink in that I was going to experience first hand the cock that had been plunged deep in Jess's pussy and in my masturbatory fantasies those few years ago. I could feel my own cock begin to stir. 

As if on cue, the conversation dwindled. 

"Well," he said, a little nervously. "You want to get this started?"

I nodded. He undid his belt and leaned up against the nearest table. As he undid the button on his pants, he said, a little sheepishly, "I should warn you, I'm pretty big. I don't remember if I mentioned it earlier."

I simply nodded again, not really feeling the need to explain that I already knew. 

He dropped his trousers, and then stood there in his boxers against the table. I took the subtle hint and closed the distance. Lowering myself down, I gently tugged the legs of his boxers, sliding them down to the floor. And with that, there it was, in front of my face. Jess's tales of its length had not been exaggerated. It was still fully flaccid, but even so, it was at least 6 inches long. The light brown hair above and around the shaft was closely trimmed, and his nicely sized balls were nearly smooth. He was uncircumcised, and I could see the outline of his cockhead and just the smallest bit of pink tip peeking out from under his foreskin. 

"Damn dude," I said. "Nice cock." Lame, I know, but it was all I could come up with in the moment. 

"Thanks," he said. "I'm pretty proud of it!"

It was time to get to work. When I suck a cock, I like to start by first running my tongue around the base of the shaft, right where it meets the balls, while I use my hand to stroke the penis proper. This method seems to work especially well with awakening cocks that aren't quite hard yet. He had mentioned during our earlier chat that he was nervous he wouldn't be able to get hard in a guy's mouth, and I was trying to do my best to make that a non-issue!

I could feel that my tongue and hand work was beginning to have an effect, so I pulled away to get another look. I had never seen or played with an uncircumcised cock before, so I was treading on new ground. I stroked the length of his shaft, watching as his foreskin covered and then uncovered the head of his cock. His dick was long, but of about average thickness. The head only slightly larger than the shaft itself. Against his modest and thin frame, it looked even larger. He was certainly getting more aroused, his cock still growing longer and firmer as I stroked. I pulled his foreskin back and took a tentative lick around the exposed head. I took it into my mouth and he let out a low moan. I began slowly working it in my mouth, back and forth, with each cycle it grew harder and harder, his quiet breathing more insistent. 

He was getting hornier, and as he did so, more verbal. Interspersed between ragged breaths were "oh yeah"s and "mmmm"s that were becoming more and more frequent. He even started pumping my face a little, not roughly, but clearly enjoying my work. 

I pulled back to catch my breath. Fully erect, his cock was easily nine inches long, very likely even a little bit over that. It was perfectly straight, and hung downward slightly. I lifted it up to give myself access to his nuts. He gasped as I worked my wet tongue over and around his balls, sucking gently on first one then the other. After a few moments, I could sense that he couldn't take anymore teasing and turned my attention back to the main attraction. By now, he was rock hard and throbbing. I took his long rigid dick as deep as I could, which elicited a "fuck yeah dude" from Max as I gasped and backed off, took a breath and swallowed him again. 

His swollen member was slick with my spit, and the room was filled with moans and the wet slurps of eager cocksucking. At one point, I remember thinking that I had heard a car door close outside, but I was too engrossed in my current activity to fully take notice. That changed when the door to the room opened behind me. Panicked, I jumped up and spun around. I felt a dribble of saliva run down my chin. With Max's cock still fully exposed, our interrupter would have no doubts about what was going on in this room. We were caught red-handed, literally with our pants down. 

Standing in the doorway was a man, probably in his mid-to-late forties. Larger than Max, closer to six feet, with a solid body and a little bit of a belly, typical of a man his age. The body of an older man who stays active yet still enjoys a few beers during his time off.

"Well, Max," said the newcomer. "Looks like you took my advice! I saw your truck outside and thought I'd see what you were up to. A good time, looks like!" He glanced at me and looked back to Max, who had still not bothered to cover up, although his erection had begun to subside. 

I gathered that this was Steve, the friend who had convinced Max to find a cocksucker in the first place. 

"Well, don't let me stop you!" said Steve. I noticed that he made no motion to leave however. In fact, he went to the door and closed it, flicking the latch to prevent the chance of any further interruption. I turned to Max, who shrugged and glanced pointedly at his softening but still unsatisfied penis. I had a feeling where this was going, and while I had certainly had this fantasy before, I did briefly worry that I was in over my head. Caution gave way to desire however, and I dropped back down to my knees, resuming my worship of Max's lengthy member. He stiffened up quickly and soon we were back to where we were prior to Steve's unannounced appearance. 

Steve came over to stand nearby, watching as Max's dick disappeared and reappeared, in and out of my hungry mouth. 

"Fuck, Max, look at that! You like that straight dick, don't you? How'd you like two?"

Steve unbuttoned and unzipped, and dropped his trousers and briefs in one fell swoop. Steve's was the opposite of Max in almost every aspect, although still quite appealing. Where Max had been flaccid to start, Steve was already fully boned, sticking straight out with a slight curve upward. Where Max's rod was long, thin and smooth, Steve's was shorter but thick and veiny with a nice, but not totally unruly, patch of curly hair around it. I guessed its length in between six and seven inches; it was quite thick, and there was no foreskin to hide the nice blunt purple helmet head bobbing at the end of it, already dripping precum. It fit Steve's stocky body well and I was eager to get a taste of it.

What was even more impressive however were the giant bull nuts swinging below it. Steve was stroking his cock and with each tug those big balls swung pendulously back and forth. I reached out to get a handful while I continued to suck on Max's dong. It was on in full force now, and there was no going back!

Steve was ready for a hot mouth now. He pulled me off of Max's cock and put his own front and center. He was clearly the alpha male here, and quite frankly, I was into it. I opened wide and stuck out my tongue while Steve slapped my face and tongue with his fat hog. Next I knew, that big head was pushing its way into my mouth, and his hips began pumping as he fucked my face. He had clearly good at this, as he knew how to thrust just the right way. Not enough to choke or gag me, but still enough that I knew who was boss, that my only use for him at that moment was as a hole for his aching manhood.

Max was stroking while Steve went to town on my mouth, clearly getting into this scenario. Steve's assertiveness had given him some of his own, and it showed. Since Steve was holding my head, I had two free arms. Max took one of them and put my hand on his cock, making sure I wasn't allowed to forget that he still needed servicing. I jacked his dick while Steve pumped away. I heard Steve's breathing start to intensify and braced myself for the load I thought was about to be unleashed down my throat. Steve, however, had other plans. He stopped thrusting and pulled his dick out of my mouth. 

"Fuck, you suck dick like a pro, cocksucker," he said. "But I don't wanna cum just yet. Come suck on these big fuckin' nuts for a bit."

I did as I was told, licking and sucking on Steve's giant hairy nutsack like my life depended on it. Each testicle was easily the size of a large egg, and as I worked my mouth on them, I could only imagine the size of the load that I was working out of them. 

"Alright cocksucker, I'm not done with you yet, but my boy Max over here is getting cold. Get that mouth over there now."

I swiveled on my knees over to Max's waiting dong. He popped it in my mouth, and taking a cue from Steve's earlier actions, started pumping my face. He didn't have Steve's experience and technique though, and with his added length, I was gagging in no time. Luckily, Max was intuitive enough to realize his error, and he backed off enough to let me drive for a while. After Steve's stern- albeit enjoyable- pounding, it was nice to be back in control. It took me a minute to readjust to Max's slimmer cock after Steve's fatty, but soon enough I was back on my game. He was definitely enjoying my work, as I was enjoying doing it, but I could feel that I was starting to fatigue. I began to quicken the pace, hoping to bring him to orgasm sooner rather than later, especially knowing that Steve wasn't going to leave without getting his as well. 

Steve, however had other plans. He planted himself right next to Max, his cock mere inches from my face, which was currently still busy with Max. I knew what was expected. I backed off of Max, held up one finger in the universal symbol for "a moment, please", took a breath, gathered my second wind, and plunged back down on Steve's stocky fuckstick. A few moments there, and then I swiveled back to Max. A few more moments and back to Steve. Back and forth, long and short, thin and fat. It could have been an hour, or it could have been only a few short minutes. My world consisted only of two cocks aching for release, and it was my job to get them there. As much as I was enjoying this live fantasy, I knew I couldn't hold out forever. I was tiring fast. I knew that I was going to need to get Steve off first, so as I went back and forth between those two rigid, throbbing cocks, I made sure that Steve's dick got extra pressure from below, my tongue working that sensitive area on the underside of his circumcised knob.
