 Hoshi a once sexually innocent youth of Eighteen years is hanging out wearing only a pair of pink six inch platform high heels, with his toes and nails painted a similar color. Hoshi's mouth was just filled to the overflowing with his friend's Dion's cum. Hoshi is Japanese, from his mother's side, with shoulder length black hair, long lashes small nose and full lips. He has a body of a nubile Japanese young girl, flat breasted but large areolas surrounding sensitive and now erect nipples.

Dion, his friend, is also eighteen, with a halo of soft brown curls, he has Greek androgynous features with a muscular though also androgynous body. His shape under the right circumstances could pass for a young girl, with a solid ass, shapely athletic legs, although, since he is naked save for wearing four-inch black platform heels, his now flaccid four cock reveals his actual sex.

"Yum," Hoshi says as he licks up the last of his friend's still warm cum off his lips. "Thanks for the tasty dessert."

"The pleasure was mutual," Dion grins.

"You know with all that beer..."Hoshi says.

"I was thinking the same thing, I can feel the need to take empty my full bladder," Dion says finishing his friend's thought.

"How about emptying it all on me once again?"

"Sure, but we just finished washing the towels."

"Follow me, but grab your penis tight so as to not spill any," Hoshi says as he pinches his tiny penis with his two fingers. He can feel the fluid building up in his pinched off shaft.

"Okay," Dion grabs his prick with a tightly clamped fist around it and he too can feel the piss building up. "Lead on."

With Hoshi in the lead swinging his hips as he walks on his high heels Dion follows, his eyes on his friend's cute and alluring ass as he too begins to swing his hips as he walks on his high heels as well. They walk down the halls towards Hoshi's father's bedroom. 

"Can you feel it?" Hoshi says gripping his penis tighter.

"Hell yes," Dion says clamping his own erect shaft tightly in his fist. "It is like holding back a fire hose that wants to burst. Uhhhh..."

"Just stifle it...uhhhhhhh yes...feels good...uhhhhh" Hoshi murmurs.

They walk through the master bedroom passing through the sink, toilet, and bidet and onto the shower room. Hoshi gets down on the tiled floor of the shower room very carefully as he continues to grip his penis priming with hot urine in check. 

Dion straddles his friends and kneels down over him resting his bare butt on his friend's belly.

"Oh God Dion! That was cruel! You're about to burst my bladder sitting on it like that. UHHHHHH!"

"I know. Feels good doesn't it," Dion grins evilly at his helpless friend. Dion aims his engorge cock at his friend still keeping the hot piss in check. "Uhhhhhhh...soon?"

"Together?"

"Yes!"

"Then let's let it loose on three...one...two..."

"Three!" they say in unison as they release their cocks and steam streams of golden fluids burst forth in a rush of pleasurable relief. Hoshi had aimed his cock to face him and so he gets a blast of urine on his forehead and the golden shower splatters of it onto his hair and drops fly onto his lips. Dion uses his like a well-aimed hose to spray his friends erect nipples aiming it back and forth. The golden fluids coat his friend's bare skin with its pungent beer piss stench. The wondrous feeling of relief and of doing something so wrong, so wicked, and so perverse fills with a rush of exciting emotions. As Hoshi gets shower with the warm golden piss, they both enjoy the delight at doing something so naughty and thus so sexually arousing 

When they have finished emptying their full bladders, Hoshi lies in the pool of urine savoring the sensations of violation, humiliation, and sexual perversity as he fondles his erect nipples and his hard cock, both wet from their golden piss that coats his upper bare skin.

"Don't go anywhere," Dion says, "I'll be right back!"

While Dion is gone, Hoshi continues to masturbate and squeeze his erect nipples, with each pinch a sudden burst of sexual pleasure floods his sex.

Hoshi can here the clicking sound of Dion's high heels as he approaches and then he soon sees his naked friend holding his prizes in his hand. In one hand is an erect cock with a flatten pair of balls in the other is a large container of lube.

"Where did you find that?" Hoshi giggles in surprise.

"It's one of your Dad's toys."

"How do you know it is his?"

"It was not tucked away unused by was here in the shower, so he must have recently played with it."

"What are we going to do with 'that'?" Hoshi asks recalling many of the scenes from the Lady boy DVD's and hoping.

"You are going to take this toy cock and the lube and you will fuck my asshole, like in the DVD, my little girl friend, that's what you're going to do." Dion spreads his legs and leans against one of the glass shower walls awaiting his fuck with anticipation. Dion's meat begins to engorge and he slowly languidly rubs it against the glass.

"Wow!" Hoshi picks up the silicon cock toy and the lube and crawls on his hands and knees towards Dion's naked spread ass.

Hoshi applies a generous amount of lube to his finger, reaches up to his friend's asshole, and spreads it all over it, circling the edge of it and occasionally starting to dip one of his fingers into the hole.

"That's it..." Dion whispers, his prick is fully erect and Dion continues to press it up against the glass simulating a slow fuck.

With that bit of encouragement, Hoshi begins to insert his lubed finger into Dion's asshole. At first it resists the assault and tries to remain a sealed fortress. But, Dion's desire builds and he can feel his reluctance begin to subside as Hoshi persistently probes his asshole trying to get a finger into its presumably virgin deeps. 

Has Dion done his before? Perhaps? With what I wonder? Just his own fingers or?

As if to answer Hoshi's unspoken, questions Dion's asshole agrees to allow Hoshi's fingers to enter and in it slips.

"Ohhhh..." Dion moans.

Hoshi quickly pulls out, lubes the cock up, and takes its silicon-circumcised head and press it against Dion's lubed asshole. Now it slips in with a pop...does this answer Hoshi's questions or is it just Dion's immediate lustful desire? 

Either way, Hoshi is in.

"Ohhhh yeahhhh..."Dion moans as he anticipates the enjoyment of a double fuck, simulating doing it as he humps the glass with his meat that's beginning to ooze some precum for the first time and then of course there is the cock in his asshole that Hoshi can now use to fuck his ass.

"Now Hoshi push that cock in and out of my ass...like in the DVD...fuck me with it...please do me my little Lady Boy..."

Hoshi presses the cock deep inside Dion's ass and then pulls it back out. Dion is slowly pushing his hips forward and back against the glass wall. Hoshi tries to match those movements so that he will be going in and out in synch.

"Oh yeahhhh...that's it...fuckkkkk..."

Hoshi enjoys the feeling of holding such a thick solid cock in his hand and is glad that he can use it to pleasure his friend with it. Hoshi wonders what it would be like to have such a thick solid penis in his ass. As Hoshi pushes the silicon penis in and out of his friend's ass to anally fuck him, Hoshi thinks about Dion's hard cock and even about his father's solid piece, he wonders how they would feel inside of his ass. 

Hoshi wants to be their girls and have them fuck him like they he is their toy. He wants to be a good girl for them and make his ass available to them to fuck when they want to, when they need to, or when Hoshi needs it and begs for them to fuck him, like a good girl.

Hoshi hears something else...in the back of his mind he hears the sound of the front doorbell, but he ignores it something more urgent has his attention. Hoshi can feel Dion getting more insistent, his movements more frantic as he is getting lost in this simulated act of double fuck.

"Ohhh...fuck me...oh yeah...fuck my ass...oh yeah...do it Hoshi...use that prick and fuck...me good...Ohhhhh...come closer Hoshi...move closer..."

Hoshi does so bringing Dion to lie up against the glass wall. Then just holds the silicon cock steady as Dion begins to do as the work. Dion is pushing his ass up against Hoshi's hand to get that cock to go as deep as it can into his ass and then Dion pulls back as he can press his curled up erection against the glass. Back and forth, Dion works his hips and ass to control his own fuck. 

"Oh...fuck...Oh...fuck...Yes...so close...almost there...fuckk...yes...soon...going...to..."

Hoshi hears the front door lock being opened, but again it doesn't seem important. What is important is that Dion is now frantically jerking his hips back and forth making it difficult for 

Hoshi to hold steady the cock in his hand but he manages. Dion is lost in his frantic movements of fucking the glass and being fucked in the ass. Back and forth, Dion squirms.

"Shove it in! Hoshi shove it deep in and hold it! Oh fuck...YES! OH Fuck!"

Hoshi hears the front door open at least he thinks he does, then he might be hearing the sound of someone walking, more like ambling in and heading toward the kitchen. But what is the center of Hoshi's attention is the sound and impressions coming from Dion.

Dion explodes. He imagines his ass being filled with all that hot cream his cuck squirts out and smears against the glass and Dion's stomach. Hoshi presses his naked body up against Dion's, and Hoshi's small erection settles into Dion's ass cheeks while Dion shudders with intense pleasure as his cock spurts out its jizz.

Hoshi thinks he hears the sounds of approaching footsteps. But what is to the point, is that his hard erect penis seems to unerringly finds its way towards Dion's wet asshole, and how wonderfully ease it is for Hoshi's hard penis to slip inside that warm and wet hole.

"Ahhhh...Hoshi..." Dion softly moans. "That was...great. You can rub you cock against my ass if you like...go ahead and hump me it you want...I'ld like that..."

Hoshi feels a wonderful sense of sexual joy at that moment of being inside his friend's wet warm ass and he just naturally falls into that in and out rhythm as he presses his whole body into Dion's ass.

"Oh Hoshi...I feel you inside of me...yessss..."

Hoshi believes he hears heavy breathing behind him and the sound of a zipper being pulled. Then the rustle of falling fabric with yet another fainter whisper as one last piece of light fabric falls down as well. 

But Hoshi ignores that and just focuses on pressing his hips back and forth against Dion's soft ass faster and faster; causing his small hard prick to plunge as deep as he can get it into Dion's ass, then just a little bit back out, trying hard to keep it inside his ass as Hoshi fucks his friend.

"Oh Hoshi...yes...go ahead...fuck me...do..it...enjoy me...ohhhhhh..."

Hoshi frantically breathes and just as frantically presses his hips up against Dion's ass to keep his cock inside his friend as he realizes with a feeling of proud and joy that he is indeed fucking his friend.

Hoshi can feel that amazing sensation of his own sperm boil inside of his balls and rushing forth to fill his cock. Hoshi loses himself in the rhythm of the sex act and somewhere and sometime, he feels a small explosion of joy as he bursts forth with cum and ejaculates inside of his best friend's asshole.

Then he hears a man's voice behind him.

"Hate to interrupt you girls but I just have to take a leak."

With that, Hoshi feels a jet of warm fluid spray his ass as the man behind him pisses on Hoshi's bare ass and hoses both cheeks with his warm golden pee.

Hoshi turns around to see who is peeing at him and he is greeting with a handsome youthful black man holding an enormous black cock that is the source of all that streaming golden liquid that is continuing to wash against Hoshi's bare skin.

"Sorry about that," the nice black man says matter of factually as he continues to urinate on Hoshi., "I had to pee and your ass was so convenient a target. You have a lovely young ass by the way."

Hoshi is stunned and he hears Dion utter a 'wow' and a 'would you look at the size of that thing'. Hoshi is stunned by the sight of such a big hard black cock, and what seems to be the largest pair of hanging balls he has ever seen. He is also stunned at just how much urine that thing seems to hold.

"Ahh...that is so much better. 'Preciate that," as the black man shakes the last drops off his cock and reaches down to get his teal silk panties. He somehow like some magician manages to put that huge cock and balls inside of the confines of that teal silk panty as he then fastidiously pulls up his suit pants and zip them close. He tucks his crisp white shirt back into his pants and adjusts his suit and himself.

"Yes, you two are pretty piece of nubile girly boys. Oh we haven't been properly introduce, sorry, I forgot my manners it's just seem that we've already been on such intimate terms I forgot that the social normalcies have yet to be taken care of. I'm your father's secretary, he told me where the key was and I let myself in, thinking you two might be otherwise engaged. And you were. And I had to pee. And so I did. Anyway, my name is Alex. And you dripping with my urine must be Hoshi and that makes the lovely girl next to you that you were fucking, Dion. Do I have it right?"

The two boys reply with yes.

"Well let me check you two pretty girls out, stand apart and slowly do the runway spin for me."

They giggle as they show off their naked bodies to this charming youthful black man in a gray suit with a teal silk tie. They check him out as he checks them out. They all mutually like what they see. He is a charming and attractive black man who is has to be in his mid to late twenties.

"Very nice tight little bodies you have their young ladies," Alex says as he notes he skill takes the measure of them noting their shoes size, waist, height, bra size, etc. "You little Hoshi will get your ear's pierced and begin to get you a wardrobe that will suit your new life as a girl, and you Dion I've been given a sum to get you some play clothes for intimate wear and evening party wear. So, let's find you some shoes, and then for both of you a long coat to cover you two up and then bundle you into my car and it's off to shopping."

"We're going to wear just shoes and a coat?" Dion asks incredulously.

"That's all you'll need for the moment. You'll be acquiring the rest." Alex says as if driving and being in public almost completely naked is a common thing.

"But will be naked underneath the coat!" Hoshi exclaims all embarrassed and excited at the same time.

"Child, you're always naked under your clothes, so what's the big deal if it's only one layer, just don't open the coat prematurely."

Those words played out across Dion and Hoshi's faces in an instant, showing off in public their naked bodies...ohhhh.

"Seriously, no flashing," Alex says sternly.

The two naked boys blush with embarrassment like schoolgirls caught smoking for the first time in the school bath room.

"Let's get this show on the road," Alex says gently slapping both their bare butts. "Move along girls."

The two look at each other and laugh and giggle at the idea being presented and their cocks begin to rise as they are about to set out of the shower on this adventure.

"Ahh...Hoshi...you need to shower down a bit, can't have you stinking up my car can we?"

"You don't want the smell of your piss in your car?" Hoshi asks with a grin.

"No. Too hard to get rid of that smell, so wash up, and be quick about it."

***

Mr. Richard Dickson gets a text message.

BOYS ARE NAKED EXCEPT FOR COAT AND HEELS IN THE BACK SEAT. ON OUR WAY TO SPEND YOUR MONEY. TWO NAUGHTY SCHOOL GIRLS WILL RETURN IN THE EVE. CIAO. ALEX.

Richard can feel his cock warm at the thought of his son and that sexy young man all dressed up in school uniforms. Picturing that in his mind, he begins to image what he deep down wants to do with them and that makes his cock tent in his pants.

Good thing I'm sitting behind my desk where no one can see me, Richard thinks to himself. Oh God this is so hot and so awfully wrong. But...Damn it, I know that young Dion the way he looked, no stared at my cock last night he was just dying to suck it. I know I want to suck his.

And my son. Oh God. That little tiny adorable penis and balls of his. I could swallow them whole. Such a tasty...Oh God. So wrong. So wrong! Can't think these thoughts! I just wish he was adopted or someone I hired or anything but my own son! I'm damned! I'm sick. But I want him so badly! I can't let him know what I'm thinking. He will have me arrested. I was managing to keep my balance with them getting naked with me in the hot tub. Then that wicked little boy Dion started to play with his prick, oh my God! He was adorable and so sexy. I'm so glad my son didn't see any of that. Wow...to masturbate with that young boy was so hot, even if we didn't do anything else. Though I'm sure that boy wanted to, I'm certain of it. I know I wanted to a piece of him.

What am I to make of my son's request? Wanting to be a girl? Well it always seemed he had too much of his mother in him. Puberty was a long time in coming for him and he never did get any body hair. He is such a gentle and submissive child, always showing an interest in pretty things and we did find some of his mother's panties in his room, but we were thinking it was for a means for him to masturbate with them. Now I'm thinking he tried out wearing them. Yes, he over all seems to have very little testosterone and more than likely a fair amount of estrogen floats through his veins.

If he thinks he will enjoy wearing girly clothes, who am I to say no. I understand the desire and the pleasure of dressing up. Which is why you let them have full run of the house naked and to do and use my little play chest. If he wants to dress like a girl why not. He certainly has the nubile body to pull it off. As for more? It's probably just a phase and probably just a reaction to having sexual urges for the first time in his young life. Let them play with each other and have as much sex play as they want...they can probably do it like little rabbits over and over and over...ohhhh...I better not dwell on that otherwise I will stain my pants! That will not do!

It will be amusing and very hot to see them both all dressed up like pretty little sexy girls this evening when they get back from shopping.

As for tonight. Well...will see what comes to hand.