 "Jerome, can you hand me that hammer?"

Marty's voice broke me out of the trance I was in. 

"Yeah, sure, here." I handed him a small hammer and tried to focus on my work. It was next to impossible. The toy train I was working on needed one more coat of red paint, and I would be finished for the day. Then, my dreams would come true. A hot shiver ran down my spine and my cock tingled inside my green tights. Marty giggled.

"Somebody is a little too excited!" he said. I looked down at my crotch. To my horror, the tingle had turned into a massive boner.

"Damn it." I finished painting the train in a hurry. "There, all done. I'm punching out, Marty, see you tomorrow."

"Yeah, if you can walk." Marty snickered.

My bulge had shrunk considerably, so I didn't cause too much attention to myself as I left the toy making department, and headed to my small apartment. I spotted Candy Cane on my way there. Candy was a sexy female elf, with perky tits and long legs. As much as I would have loved to taste her sweet, peppermint flavored snatch, I lacked the time.

"Oh, hi Jerome." She smiled at me, seductively. "Big night tonight, huh?"

"Yes. See you tomorrow." I brushed past her, not wanting to waste any time with small talk. My excitement was taking over, and my hands shook as I unlocked my apartment door. I scarfed down a quick dinner of milk and cookies, then jumped in the shower. While I was drying my hair, I took the time to give myself a good looking over. I liked what I saw. Contrary to what you may have heard about elves, I'm tall. Almost 6 feet. 

Wait a minute, you're thinking, elves are small and have pointy ears. Nope. Just a facade we put on for the children of the world. When you see us in our true form, we are pretty fucking sexy. I stood in front of my closet, and couldn't decide what to wear. Finally, I kept it simple, black leggings and a long grey tunic, with black leather boots covering my bare feet. I took out the diamond studs I was wearing and replaced them with small, silver hoops. My long brown hair was still slightly damp, but I was happy with the way it looked, it was more rock star than Christmas elf. Satisfied, I locked up my apartment and headed to the penthouse suite. And my destiny.

Okay, that was a little dramatic. Technically, it's just a hook up, but an elf can dream, right? You never knew, if I played my cards right, I could be put into the regular rotation. My cock hardened at the thought. I stepped inside the ornate elevator, and it took me up to the twenty fifth floor. At last, I was standing in front of his door. 

Santa's door. 

I pushed the button, and Jingle Bells rang out. I swooned. I'd been waiting years for this, my name had been on the waiting list forever. At long last, it was finally my turn. 

He opened the door, and grinned. I swooned again. Santa Claus. The sexiest man in the universe. Trust me, he looks nothing like he's portrayed. He leaned against the doorway. His green eyes, how they twinkled, his dimples were merry. His cheeks were like roses, I longed for him to pop my cherry. Well, if I still had my cherry. Hey, I'm two hundred years old, that ship has sailed. But I digress. Santa is a fucking hot stud. 

His face is free of facial hair, and looks as if it were chiseled by angels. His velvety green eyes are framed with long thick lashes, and his lips are perfectly shaped, with a delectable pout. Then, there's that body. It's broad and muscular with smooth skin. At almost 7 feet, he's a towering mass of delicious manly goodness. He was wearing red silk boxer shorts, with a cock so big, the tip was poking out through one of the legs. 

"See anything you like?" he asked with a sly smile.

I swallowed. "Yes, everything." I could barely speak. 

"Come here, Jerome." His voice was deep, and seductive. I took a step forward and he pulled me against him. He kissed me softly on the lips. My insides turned to jello and my knees gave out. Santa scooped me up in his arms and carried me to his bed. As I laid there, giddy with desire, he stripped me naked. "Look at you, so beautiful. I can't believe I haven't had you up here yet." 

He laid on top of me and kissed my lips, more urgently this time. Our tongues met and my fingers ran through his silky, pale blonde hair. It's thick and long, hanging halfway down his back. I moaned softly. "Oh, Santa, I've longed for this."

"Oh, Jerome, your nice hard dick is poking me in the gut. Let me give it a quick suck, then the real party can start." His mouth slid down my body, until he got to my cock. I leaned up on my elbows and watched him work. First, his warm tongue licked the head like it was a lollipop. He looked up at me. "Do you like that?"

"Yes. You're so gorgeous." He tapped my prick against his outstretched tongue, then licked up and down my shaft. I knew I wasn't going to last long. He seemed to sense it as well, and started pulling me in and out of his mouth. My head spun. I was in Santa's bed and he was deep throating me. Holy reindeer shit. My balls vibrated, and I came inside his hot mouth. He licked up every drop.

"Yum. You're delicious." Santa said as he licked his lips. Elf cum tastes like gingerbread. Truth. The warm afterglow washed over me, and I was putty in his hands. I couldn't wait to find out what he was going to do next. "That's a sweet cock you've got there, Jerome. I'll bet your tight hole is just as tasty. Let me see it." 

I pulled my legs back and grabbed my knees. My cock was already starting to firm up again as I watched him look at my ass. He smiled, and ran a fingertip lightly over my pucker. I moaned.

"Look at that, so pink and tight." His finger rubbed a little harder. "Do you like that?" I nodded. "Would you like me to use my tongue?"

"Yes, please." He massaged my asshole with his hot tongue, over and over. Then, he moved up and sucked my balls. He alternated between the two areas until my eyes glazed over and I was panting. Santa sat up and smiled at me wickedly, then he reached into a drawer in his nightstand and pulled out a small bottle of lube. He poured some onto his fingers, then rubbed them over my pucker. One slid inside and I cried out with joy. He leaned over and kissed me as he finger fucked my ass. "Oh, Santa, I'm going to cum again." I moaned against his lips.

"Cum in my mouth, cutie." His lips wrapped around my cock, and his finger went deeper inside me, then he added another. I tried to hold back, but I was too turned on, so I shot my load against his waiting tongue. "Mmmm. My favorite flavor." He pulled his fingers out and I felt so empty. I whimpered. 

"Don't worry, Jerome, I'll be filling you up again with something bigger. First, more kissing." He pulled me on top of his hard body and we kissed like lovers. His fingers couldn't seem to stay away from my ass, and he teased my hole some more. I felt his stiff cock against my stomach.

"Santa, I need to taste your delicious dick." 

"By all means, enjoy yourself." he said. He looked so happy lying there, his cheeks were flushed and his hair slightly damp. I kissed his neck, then worked my way slowly down his body, savoring every inch. His nipples were firm under my tongue, and I nibbled on them with my teeth. One of his nipples was pierced with a small gold ring, and I teased it with my mouth until he squirmed. I moved down and ran my tongue over all the ridges in his six pack, then buried the tip of my tongue in his belly button. He giggled.

"Santa, are you ticklish?" 

"Maybe a little. Jerome, you're sexy." He played with my hair. I smiled at him, then started licking his cock through the silk boxers. "Yeah, that's nice." He was at half mast, and I was anxious to get him completely hard. I pulled his shaft through the fly and tasted it for the first time. You heard it here, people, Santa's dick tastes like sugar cookies. No lie. It was all I could do not to bite it. I took my time with it, savoring the taste and the silky feel of it under my tongue. I wanted to see the rest of him, so I finally tugged off his red boxers. Then I saw his cock in it's full glory.

It was about eleven inches long, and thick, but not too thick. His balls were firm and compact, perfect round globes of peach fuzzed perfection. His pubic hair was soft as mink, and perfectly shaved so only a small patch sat above his dick. I ran my fingers over it as I sucked his balls, it was like velvet. He was moaning and his hips twitched in passion. Pride ran through me as I realized how much I was turning him on. I took his long shaft into my mouth and sucked while I rubbed the smooth area between his balls and asshole. He spread his legs for me. The sugary sweetness of his cock made me drool and soon he was dripping with spit.

I wanted to taste his hole, so I gently rolled him over onto his stomach. He bent his legs and put his perfectly chiseled ass in the air. It was a heavenly sight. His pucker was tight and perfect. I licked it all over, then darted my tongue inside. He cried out. I poured some lube over his hole and massaged it in with my fingers.

"There's some toys in the drawer if you'd like to use some." Santa said hopefully. I opened the drawer and looked inside. A glass dildo in the shape of a giant candy cane caught my eye. I greased it up, and slid the straight end of it inside his ass. "Yeah, that's good."

"Fuck, that's hot." The sight of him lying there with his ass pointing up at me and a giant candy cane moving in and out of his hole got me rock hard again. He was completely stiff, too, his cock bobbed up and down as I fucked him with the dildo. I looked back in the drawer and found a nice thick vibrating plug. I pulled the candy cane out, and slid the plug inside him, then pushed the button. He groaned. I got on my back and slid underneath him, so his cock was dangling over my lips. I licked the tip, and his precum coated my tongue. "Santa, you are the sweetest thing I've ever tasted."

He fucked my mouth for awhile as I squeezed his ass. My cock was throbbing with need. I slid out from under him and lubed myself up, then pulled the toy from his hole. "Yes, Jerome, fuck me, nice and deep." Santa demanded.

"Yes, sir." I knelt behind him and pushed the head of my stiff prick against his opening. It slid in easily and soon I was balls deep. There was a voice in my head screaming "I'm fucking Santa! My cock is in the big guy's hole! Holy reindeer shit, I'm drilling the boss man's tight ass!" I smiled and rode him hard while I caressed his smooth skin. His moans of pleasure were music to my ears.

"You're so beautiful, your ass is so tight." I whispered softly against his shoulders.

"You're hitting my sweet spot, dead on, it's driving me crazy." He pushed back against me and I drilled his ass like a madman. "You're making me cum, baby." I wanted to taste him, so I pulled out and laid on my back.

"Cum in my mouth, I need to taste you." He knelt next to my face and I stroked him until his hot jizz landed inside my open mouth. It was such a huge load, it completely filled my mouth, and dripped down my chin. The taste was heavenly, a heady mix of sugar cookies and peppermint. I let it linger on my tongue for awhile before I reluctantly swallowed it. Santa laid down next to me and kissed me, then licked the stray cum off my chin. His fingers stroked my cock, it was as hard as granite.

"Look how stiff you are again, I can't believe it." he smiled sweetly and my heart melted like a snowman in the hot sun. "It's so fantastic to be with someone who can keep up with me."

"It's because you're so fucking sexy. This has been the greatest night of my life." 

"Been? Oh, sweetheart, I'm not finished with you yet." We tongue kissed for at least twenty minutes as he fondled my cock. I tried to touch his again, but he nudged my hand away. "Soon, but not yet. Let me just please you for awhile."

"Santa, you're spoiling me." I whispered. My voice was husky with lust.

"You deserve it, Jerome. Look at this sexy body, this delectable dick. How many years have you worked for me?"

"One hundred and eighty, sir."

"And I've never tasted you before? Well, you're here now, that's all that matters." His kind words thrilled me. I had been dreaming of this moment for years, and it was exceeding my expectations. He covered my face in kisses, then rolled me onto my stomach, with a soft pillow under my hips. "Are you comfortable, sweetheart?" I nodded. He spread my ass cheeks apart and rimmed me gently.

"Oh, it's so good." I moaned. I bent my knees a little to give him better access. The drawer opened, and he slid a small dildo into my ass. It buzzed nicely inside me. He pulled it in and out, fucking me with it gently, stretching my hole. His tongue ran over my ass cheeks and lower back. 

"Such a sexy ass, it deserves to be worshiped." I knew he would be a kind and charming lover, but nothing had prepared me for this. I was ready to bow before him and pledge my eternal undying love for him. He pulled out the dildo, and teased my pucker with his finger. "Nice and wet and relaxed. Are you ready for me, Jerome? I'd like to fill this sweet hole with my cock. Would you like that?"

"Yes, fuck me, Santa. Fuck me until I'm singing Christmas carols out of my dick." He chuckled.

"Damn, I'm having fun with you, Jerome." I felt lube dripping into my hole, and then felt the pressure of his huge mushroom head poking against my ass. I groaned with pleasure and gripped the sheets in my fists. I was expecting there to be some discomfort, he had a monster sized dick after all, but to my surprise, it slid up inside me without even a slight twinge of pain. 

"Oh, Santa, fuck me, it's so fucking good. Your cock feels so good in my ass. Fuck me, fuck my tight hole with your big sugar stick." Dirty talk erupted from my mouth in a long stream. I couldn't help myself. It was bliss. Pure, sexual bliss. He massaged my insides with his massive tool, banging against my sweet spot until I was writhing with pleasure beneath him. I shot my load on the pillow, then quickly grew hard again. He pulled in and out, harder and faster. 

"Jerome, your ass is so tight and hot." He fucked me into the new year, and I came three times. Finally, he shot his load deep inside my ass, filling me to my eyeballs with warm liquid heat. He collapsed on top of me. The weight of him on top of my naked body made me delirious with joy.

"That was amazing." I murmured. He nibbled my earlobe.

"You sweet, sexy angel. Would you like to be a regular up here? Say, every Friday night?" he whispered the words directly into my ear. I rolled over under him and wrapped my arms and legs around his silky form.

"Really? Every Friday? Seriously?" I kissed his lips, his cheeks, his chin. "Yes. Fuck yes. I would love that. I've dreamed of it forever."

Santa smiled, and his green eyes twinkled. "Stay with me tonight, sleep with me in my bed." 

"It would be my pleasure." I whispered.

"I'll see you in the morning, then. Do you know what my favorite thing to eat for breakfast is?"

"No. What is it?"

"Gingerbread." 

I giggled and kissed his sweet lips. I was a happy elf, knowing that Santa would be stuffing my stocking every week for the rest of eternity. It was a very Merry Christmas, indeed.

*

Hope you enjoyed my first story, Happy Holidays! 