 A black leather gloved hand crawls like a spider up my leg, leaving in it's wake a trail of tingling flesh. It lingers to caress the muscles of my inside thigh before a single leather finger slips between my ass cheeks, stealing softly towards my asshole. A dark figure leans in close, his hot breath scorches my skin as he whispers, "Who owns your ass?" 

My body unexpectedly lurches forward as the taxi suddenly pulls to a stop, snapping me back into reality. It has been a week since Jim abandoned me at the baths, telling me to take the time to carefully consider the decision I was about to make; the time had come. "Are you sure this is where you want to go?" the taxi driver asked.

No, I am not sure this is where I belong, I think to myself. I am not certain of anything anymore since I started this maddening double life. This last week I was barely able to function in my "True" Monday to Friday, suit and tie life. I had barely developed a relationship with this man yet my desire to prostrate myself naked in front of him snowballs every day.

For a brief moment in the taxi, I hesitate but I know deep down that there is no escaping, neither awake or asleep from my second, "Secret" life with Jim. There is no making sense of how this obsession took control of me that first night but it's influence draws me out of the taxi and into the front door of Jim's decaying apartment building

My life before this last week, had been amazingly carefree and easy. Being small in stature I appeared much younger than my years. This with my dark hair and clear pale skin give me an innocent angelic appearance making it easy to play the role of the good boy and allowing me a free pass to most of life's hardships.

My life did have a dark side, from an early age my youthful and innocent appearance was like an aphrodisiac to some men, drawing them to me like bees to honey. While it appeared that butter would not melt in my mouth, it was not butter these men imagined slipping between my lips. I found their uncontrollable desire to pursue and seduce me frightening. I was far too young to understand their advances or my own growing dark desires to be seduced so I fled. I kept fleeing up to that moment I stood at the threshold of Jim's apartment.

I nervously glanced up and down the hallway, praying that none of Jim's neighbors would discover me standing there. My mouth went dry, my body trembled in excitement and anticipation of the unknown which lay waiting for me behind this door. I took a deep breath then removed my shirt; the cool air against my back sent a chill up my spine. I continued removing one article at a time until I was wearing only my underwear.

Noises from behind the building manager's door made me jump but it was too late to retreat. I tried not to imagine what Jim's spying neighbors were witnessing.

I looked down at my white boxers; thinking how fitting it is they are white, a symbol of a new life. I knew that my carefree life of playing the role of the good boy was behind me. I swallowed hard and let my boxers drop to the ground exposing my true authentic submissive self as vulnerable and undefended as my nude body.

Totally naked, I picked up the speedo Jim left with me last week and stepped through the door. Jim was sitting in an old armchair, smoking a cigar. Hanging over the arm of his chair were wrist and leg restraints.

Jim wore: an old greying jock strap, black leather boots, black leather chaps, black leather vest and a pair of black leather gloves. There is nothing handsome about Jim's face, he has the face and body of a man who worked hard but played even harder. Booze, drugs and late nights have taken their toll.

Jim pointed to a spot on the thread bare carpet between his boots. I understood; obeyed and rushed across the room; dropping to my knees at his feet. His leather gloved hands grabbed me by the ears and forced my head forward, burying my face deep into his overstuffed jock strap.

I could not see, speak or hear. I could only breathe in the heady aroma of Jim's jock. It smelled of cigar smoke, sweat and cock. It's pungent aroma blasted up my nostrils like a hit of poppers. The room began to spin, my heart skipped a beat and my dick grew hard.

I felt Jim's cock growing stiff beneath the fabric of his jock. I opened my mouth and sucked on the fabric covering the head of his cock. The fabric tasted sour, it was coarse and rough against my lips but I did not let that stop me from sucking the head of Jim's cock into my mouth. 

As it crossed my lips I felt connected again. The built up tension of this week's separation from his manhood vanished as I was overwhelmed by the power of surrender. I drew Jim's cock further and further into my mouth as it swells, stretching the fabric of his jock. I cursed the flimsy material that separates our flesh to flesh contact. I imagined being on the receiving end of his cock when he climaxed, the stream of hot juicy liquid that would explode from his shaft and splatter against the roof of my mouth. I imagined the smell and the rich pungent taste of his semen.

Jim suddenly released my head and whispered, "Stand up."

I reluctantly released Jim's cock from my mouth and staggered to my feet, placing my hands behind my back. As I stood there catching my breath, I had the strangest feeling of being watched. 

I quickly glanced around the room to reassure myself we were alone. It was a shock to discover a man sitting on the couch who had witnessed me groveling at Jim's feet. I immediately became acutely self conscious of being naked with my hard dick pointing out in front of me. I instinctively moved my hands to cover my dick and balls. I could feel the blood rush to my face as my cheeks blushed scarlet red in embarrassment.

"My God, he blushes just like a school boy caught jacking-off!" the man on the couch cried out.