 I wore my humiliation like a wet blanket draped across my naked body. After a prolonged week of agonizing soul searching, I had abandoned the last threads of my self-respect at the door with my clothes. Rushing into the room I had thrown myself to my knees at Jim's feet, burying my face in his groin as my first act of complete surrender and submission. 

It was the act of someone too long torn apart between the stresses and responsibilities of a "real world" life and my own strong drive to escape into the role of the submissive. Finally I had given up any pretends of dignity and succumbed to the power of a strong, controlling man. Seeking to evoke feelings of safety and protection, I was unaware the cost would be my degradation and exploitation as a sexual plaything.

It had come as a great shock to discover there had been a witness to my uninhibited surrender. I now stood between the two men with my deepest sexual desires laid out as exposed as my nude body. My mind raced through emotions of fear, anticipation and confusion as I waited for their reaction. 

I could feel the glare of these two men moving across my strong young naked flesh. Strangely and in contradiction to my other emotions, I was also tremendously sexually aroused. As if being forced to display myself like this, naked and defenseless, emotionally and sexually vulnerable had stirred emotions buried deep in my loins.

My lungs complained of a lack of oxygen as I became aware I had stopped breathing. Slowly I forced the trapped air in my lungs to release as I tried to calm myself.

Jim moved forward in his chair and gripped his gloved hand onto the inside calf muscle of my leg. Very slowly he advanced his grip up my leg. The strong grip of his hand as powerful as my growing anticipation.

When his hand reached my genitals, he cupped both of my balls in the palm of his leather glove, closing his fingers around them. The sensation was not unpleasant, there was pressure but also there was the exquisite touch of Jim's warm soft leather against my flesh. Slowly Jim began to tighten his grip, crushing my balls; my pleasure turned to pain as he compressed tighter and tighter.

Any thoughts of the strange voyeur on the couch disappeared as Jim's vise like grip built and my suffering slowly increased. My mouth opened as my breath was sucked out of my lungs. My instinct was to pull away but I dared not move an inch, fearing any movement would increase the pain. 

Jim stared up into my eyes and asked me, "Who owns these balls?" I struggled to find enough air to answer, "They belong to you Sir."

Jim produced from his vest pocket a rectangular piece of leather with three snaps on it. He applied downward pressure on my balls, stretching them far beyond what I thought was possible and beyond what I thought I could endure. I desperately wanted to bend my knees to reduce the increasing downward pressure but I fought against it. I understood Jim was testing my control over my own body while he tested the strength of his control over me. 

Jim wrapped the piece of leather around my elongated ball sack and closed the three snaps. He suddenly released his grip on my balls, the wave of relief flooded up my body, setting every nerve in my body on fire. I struggled with the impulse to flee but my submissive nature rooted my feet in place. I glanced down, the skin on my nut sack was stretched tight around my tortured balls which were bound tight and stretched inches from my body.

Jim delivered one last yank to my ball sack before he forced his gloved hand between my legs to place the tip of one of his fingers to my asshole. Slowly he pressed his gloved finger through my anus and into my asshole. Jim asked, "Who owns this hole?"

Never could I have imagined I would be on display like this. Buck naked with my balls bound and tortured, being finger fucked while a strange voyeur watched. I choked down my humiliation and answered Jim's question honestly, "This hole belongs to you, Sir."

Jim smiled as if he was enjoying my discomfort and wiggled his finger further into my hole. "That's correct, you are my human property to do with as I like." Jim suddenly withdrew his finger from my ass and stood up from his chair. "Right now I would like you to stand there while Cliff measures you for your collar" Jim said, then glanced at his friend and smiled, "and some other gear." 

"Collar, Sir?" the words slipped out of my mouth, I regretted them immediately, knowing I should only speak when spoken too. Jim glanced over at me and smiled as if to let me know this infraction of the rules had not gone unnoticed and that he would enjoy making me pay a penalty later.

Cliff pulled himself up from the couch, making that loud noise old men make when they stand up. He stood very close behind me when he placed the end of his measuring tape to my neck and stretched the tape down my bare back and between my buttocks. Cliff placed his hand firmly on my back and bent me over before extending his tape between my ass cheeks to the base of my balls. He ran his fingers lightly across my skin as he pulled the tape taut.

After several attempts, he completed this measurement. During each attempt as his fingers moved between the tape measure and my skin, he paused for a split second to finger my asshole. I don't know if I felt more alarmed or ashamed but I kept silent and endured his invasion of the most private part of my body as not to displease Jim.

As Cliff continued to explore my body with his fingers and his measuring tape, he began pressing his groin against me. I could feel his cock beneath his jeans growing longer and harder as he rubbed it into my naked flesh. I desperately wanted to be reassured by Jim but having broken one of his rules already, I was too afraid to look over to him for comfort.

It was then that Cliff attempted to nonchalantly inquire of Jim if he planned to "break the boy at the Black Sheet Party?" It was not just what he said but something in the tone of Cliff's voice when he mentioned this party that worried me. My neck muscles knotted up as Cliff's hands continued to roam around my naked body. A dislike of this strange man's touch rose up in me. My jaw tightened, my hands clinched into fists. I felt an uncontrollable impulse growing inside of me to bolt naked out of the room.

Suddenly Jim moved in close beside me, he placed his gloved hand on my shoulder and dug his thumb deep into my tense neck muscles, gently massaging it back and forth. As he did this, he told Cliff there would be no "Party" for his sub. His training plan for "this little one" was to move slowly with a firm hand.

Jim continued talking to Cliff but his message was clearly intended for me. Jim said it was going to be frustrating not to be able to ravish the boy but he was not ready. Right now the boy would be ripped apart by the size of Jim's cock but he planned to gradually expand the little one's capabilities. A process of growth that may take months but an undertaking which could be gratifying and one Jim planned to enjoy. His goal was to develop a perfect submissive, without boundaries, unencumbered by any limited sense of who he is or what he is capable of doing.

As I listened to Jim speak, I concentrated on the feel of his leather glove against my skin. The movement had changed into long, soft strokes as if he was petting me. I felt my breathing and heart rate slowing, producing a strange light headed sensation.

When Cliff finished his measurements, he shoved his tape measure into his pocket and adjusted his obvious erect cock which was now straining for freedom beneath the fabric of his pants. Jim noticed Cliff's hard-on and slowly a wicked little smile creeped across his face, an opportunity had just presented itself to him.

Jim moved his hand to cradle my hard dick in the palm of his leather glove, slowly moving his thumb back and forth along the length of my shaft. The touch of his glove on my dick excited me but it was clear this performance was to arouse Cliff passed the point of thinking clearly. 

Jim inquired of Cliff if his submissive could be of any service to him, in lieu of payment for the collar. Jim released his hold on my cock and pointed his finger to the floor at Cliff's feet. I loathed Cliff, the thought of degrading myself by sucking the cock of the old man who had just molested every inch of my body was too revolting to imagine.

It was true that part of me coveted the attention. Maybe I had a need to be wanted, to be desired. Maybe I was even slightly aroused that Cliff had put on such a display of his desire. Besides, I reminded myself, I had to resign myself to performing this sexual act as atonement to Jim for speaking without permission. Paying for my own collar by sucking off Cliff did not make me a whore if I was only following Jim's directions. 

As the realization of my situation became eerily clear to me, I experienced a shift of perspective, almost like moving into a kind of trancelike state. Although I had control of my movements, I felt I had become weightless, gravity pulled me into an endless fall to my knees. 

Jim stepped behind me and while smiling his wicked little smile, he ran a single gloved finger across my lips and asked Cliff, "Who could resist having these lips wrapped around their cock?"

As if I was watching from outside of my body, I saw Cliff open his pants and pull out his meaty thick cock. He smeared the sticky pre-cum covered cock-head across my lips as if to defile his victim before burying his cock deep into my mouth. I watched as my body went limp, releasing any resistance to Jim's control. Somewhere deep inside of me I felt horrified at what I was watching, horrified and excited.

The first thrust of Cliff's hips sent his large cock over my lips, along my tongue and down the back of my throat, the swollen head of his cock choking me as he reached the end of his stroke. This thrust of his cock was followed quickly by another then another, each stoke faster then the last. Soon they melted into one long blur of frenzied throbbing flesh relentlessly smashing into my face.

His propulsion grew and grew until finally it crashed in an explosion of taste, smell and liquid but still Cliff's thrusts kept coming. Each thrust accompanied by wad of cum and loud moan. He continued until my mouth was filled to the brim with clumps of his thick, sticky cum. Then at long last after feeding me the last drop of his seed, his cock softened and slipped from my mouth. As if from a hundred miles away I heard Jim's voice tell me, "Do not swallow, yet."

          ***

Suddenly I was having the strangest thought, "Who would have thought the old man had so much cum in him?" I could hear the two men talking in whispers at the door, then Jim's heavy footsteps as he returned to the room. He walked in slow circles around me several times as I knelt on the floor with my hands behind my back. He did not speak a word, silence may speak volumes, but I had no idea if I had pleased or displeased him.

He stepped directly in front of me and asked "Nod your head if you are still holding Cliff's load in your mouth." On my knees with my head down all I saw of him was his black leather chaps and boots but I could sense the excitement in his voice.

Very slowly as not to dislodge the mass of cum sitting on my tongue, I nodded "Yes." He replied, "At last I have you all to myself." He then pressed his jock strap into my face. He ran his glove through my hair slowly until he got to the back of my head then he held me tight by the hair as he began grinding the pouch of his jock strap into my face. I felt his long thick cock trapped beneath the fabric as he rubbed it across my face. It was torture to me, not to be able to open my mouth and touch his cock.

I longed to rid myself of Cliff's load so that I could worship Jim's cock; experience the bliss of having his powerful cock push past my lips, across my tongue and deep down my throat as Cliff's cock had done only of few minutes before. 

Jim suddenly stepped back and pulled his hard cock from his jock. It sprang up into the air, hard, long and magnificent. Jim used it to smack me across the face, almost knocking me over. The first smack was quickly followed by another and another.

Jim dropped down to one knee beside me and unexpectedly yanked on the balls stretcher he had used to bind up my balls. The resulting stab of pain cut through me like a sword. The reflex to swallow my mouthful of cum was overwhelming but I fought against it, determined not to disobey Jim's directions again.

Jim moved his mouth very close to my ear and whispered, "I warned you about the penalties for breaking my rules. Now that pretty little mouth of yours will stay shut until I open it by shoving my cock down your throat." 

Jim again grabbed at my abused balls, alternating between caressing them gently in the palms of his soft leather glove then suddenly inflicting sharp slaps using the back of his hand. The first slaps were so unexpected and stung like he had used a whip.

After the second slap my balls began to burn. Every muscle in my body stretched tight in anticipation of the next slap and the next. With each slap my dick throbbing harder as he whipped me deeper into a sexual frenzy. It was becoming increasingly more difficult to keep from swallowing the cum-ball in my mouth. Jim hissed into my ear, "Pain is temporary, control lasts forever."

Suddenly Jim's hands were fumbling with one of the snaps on the ball stretcher. Without warning, in one quick movement Jim ripped the leather ball stretcher open, liberating my tortured balls from their imprisonment. For one hundreds' of a second, there was an amazing feeling of relief but then there was also amazing pain as the pent-up blood gushed back into my ball sack. The resulting spike of pain flashed through my body like a thunder bolt, setting alight every nerve fibre in my body.

The muscles of my stomach suddenly clenched into knots, forcing me to open my mouth. Grasping for air the snowball of cum was sucked to the back of my throat. It hung there stuck, blocking my air passage and making it impossible for me to breathe.

Oddly I did not panic. I was very conscious there had been a shift in my reality, all of my sensations decelerated into slow motion. My breathless lungs grasped soundlessly for air. My body released a long silent scream as overloaded nerves fibers fired out alternating messages of pain and pleasure at the speed of machine gun fire to my overtaxed brain.

All of my sensations were suspended in time, keeping me trapped in my own airless world. From somewhere far away, I heard the beating of my heart. Then, the snowball struck in my airway made the slightest movement, I felt it topple and drop down my throat, leaving my airway open but my throat coated in Cliff's rich gluey cream.

I could feel the cum-ball tumbling down my throat much like a child's ball falling down a deep dark well. Slowly the ball dropped, falling into the darkness as the circle of daylight at the top of the well got smaller and dimmer. Until there was just a pin point of light at the top of the well. The daylight blacked out, precisely as I blacked out.

The last thing I remember was my body collapsing forward and Jim rushing forward to catch me, in that last moment I felt safe embraced in his strong arms.