 As a child, I loved to gently swing back and forth flying through the air in a converted tire swing. Some of my favorite childhood memories were summer afternoons spent gazing up into the sky at the passing parade of puffy cloud animals. I remember the warmth of the sunshine against my skin and the pungent smell of that old faded rubber tire swing.

As I lay there half conscious I could smell that old tire swing again. I slowly opened my eyes, half expecting to discover I would be looking up at an old familiar patch of blue sky. Instead of puffy clouds I saw the water stained ceiling of a small dimly lit room.

The walls of the room were plastered from floor to ceiling with posters and photos of half naked young athletic men wearing speedo bathing suits. From every direction speedo clad young men's faces smiled down at me. Judging by the age and the variations in style, this was a serious collection that would have taken many years to assemble. I knew Jim had a speedo fetish but this struck me as an almost nostalgic collection.

As I fully regained consciousness, I discovered the source of the smell of rubber. I was laying in a heavy rubber sling, constructed from an old truck tire and hung from the ceiling by four industrial strength steel chains.

I glanced down at my body, I was no longer naked. Much like everyone else in the room I wore a very small speedo. Wanting to reassure myself this was not a dream, I reached to touch the suit only to find my wrists restrained by leather manacles to the sling. My legs were unrestrained but were hung by the ankles in leather straps, keeping my legs separated wide apart and my ass totally vulnerable except for the flimsy material of the speedo.

After I had passed out, Jim had seized complete control of me. Picking me up, placing me in the sling, positioning me as if I were a sex toy ready to be used. I wondered if Jim had become aroused, if his long thick cock had stiffened as he dressed me in his favorite fetish wear, the speedo. I laid in the sling thinking about Jim's cock, wondering what it would feel like to have him inside me.

Anyone else discovering themselves tied up to a sling would have been frightened, even terrified. Finding myself bound up and completely without control left me electrified with excitement and anticipation. I was overcome with a strange sense of familiarity, that this was were I belonged. I felt as if the burden of having to keep my secret sexual desires buried deep inside me had suddenly been released. I could feel my dick stiffen, straining the tight fabric of the speedo.

As I continued to look around the room, the vulnerability of my ass became a real concern to me. On a narrow bookcase, lined up as neatly as toys in a child's playroom where row upon row of dildos and butt-plugs, in every size, shape and color. They stood erect like an army of toy soldiers waiting eagerly to be plucked off the shelve, coated with lube and firmly pressed into action. 

I strained my neck to view the lower shelves of the book case, there laying on their sides were the really long dildos. Some only a few inches in diameter but other resembled battering rams. "Don't concern yourself with those, just yet." I heard Jim say. I looked over to discover Jim standing at the end of the sling with a water glass in one of his hands. His other hand was slowly stroking up and down the length of his erect cock.

Each time I saw his manhood it came as a shock to see how massive it was. Jim stepped between my legs and leaned down to feed me a few sips of water. He allowed his rock hard cock to slid across the flesh of my thigh, it physically pained me not to be able to reach out and caress it with my hand.

Jim caught me staring at his cock and said, "You want my cock, but you're doubting whether your ass can handle this much cock. Trust me after I'm finished with your ass, you'll be ready. You'll be begging me to ride your ass." The thought of having this massive piece of meat inside me, sent a chill running up my spine.

Jim then it something that surprised me, he reached over and cupped my face in the palms of his hands, much like you might do to a small child. He held them there of a moment, studying my face, looking into my eyes but saying nothing. 

His hands left my face and slowly moved over my body, eventually stopping at my hip bones which stuck out just above the waist band of the speedo. It was almost as if he was reliving a distant memory, an event long ago but repeatedly reenacted until it had taken on a kind of sexual ritual. Taking the waistband by his forefingers, he inched the suit lower and lower down over my hips. He stopped just before the suit was low enough reveal my cock and balls, a moment filled with anticipation and excitement. 

Jim ran his forefingers around the waistband to the back of the suit, pulling the suit bit by bit over my bum until finally my rectum was in view. He gazed at it and smiled, not his normal depraved little smile but a wistful smile. Was he was recalling some passed encounter or envisioning the future, I do not know? Just as suddenly as it began the moment between us passed. I like to think it was a tender bonding moment between us.

Jim released my legs so he could pull the speedo off my body. Using a slip knot tied to one end of a leather cord he scooping my balls into the loop and pulled the knot tight. On the other end of the cord he attached a small lead weight which he dropped through a steel ring hanging from the ceiling. As the weight dropped my balls were suddenly yanked in the air. The pressure on my balls was firm but I quickly discovered that if I rotated my hips upwards and stuck my ass further out, it helped to ease some of the strain on my poor tortured ball-sack. 

However this did require me spread my legs a little wider apart, further exposing my asshole. Jim smiled, he had me exactly how he wanted me, ass cheeks spread, my balls bound up out of his way and my hairless orifice presented up like a sacrificial offering ready to be ravaged.

Jim bent down and enjoyed a long slow lick of my ass-crack then looking up into my eyes and with a smile on his face he said, "So soft and smooth, just the way I like my fuck holes." Jim then buried his face in my ass, attacking my anus with the sharp tip of his powerful tongue. Wiggling his tongue like a snake back and forth, back and forth. Slipping further and further into my butt-hole. The attack and the sensation knocked the breath out of me. I wanted to scream but bit my lip instead. Just when I thought he could go no further up my butt, he used both of his hands to stretch apart my hole, digging and exploring deeper and deeper into my butt-hole. Repeatedly thrusting his tongue into my hole, as he used twisting and squirming movements designed to drive me crazy.

Suddenly Jim pulled his tongue from my hole and began sandpapering my anus with the two day old stubble on his chin. The sensation was torture, I wanted to scream for him to stop but I remembered the penalty I paid the last time I spoke without permission. 

Jim worked my hole as though he was a wild man, relentlessly alternating between corkscrewing his tongue down into my asshole or sandpapering my butt-hole with his bristly chin stubble. It was not long before I was so stimulated, so frantic, I would have begged him to fuck me right there and then with his huge cock.

Jim reached over and dipped a single finger into a tub of lube. The black leather gloved finger came out wet and shiny, covered with the clear liquid. Placing the tip of his glove to my anus, he smiled one of his wicked little smiles and said, "You think coming here and surrendering yourself to my control is enough, it means nothing if you don't also expand your limits." 

He applied a little pressure, pushing open my sphincter enough for the tip of his gloved finger to enter my hole. My body suddenly jerked, surprising even myself. Jim looked at me sternly and said, "If you truly want to belong to me, you must want this too! Should I see how many fingers I can fuck into you?" 

The words jumped out of me without a thought, "Yes Sir, Open me up!" I knew from our first time together, Jim was obsessed about stretching open my hole so he could fuck me with his porn-star sized cock. I laid back down in the sling, telling myself I knew what I was doing but in reality I was so naive, knowing nothing of the erotic odyssey that lay ahead of me.

After that night I spend every weekend tied to Jim's sling. I would feel the fingers of his leather glove applying a cool wet lube to my hole. I tried to relax as I felt the tip of his forefinger impale me, knowing that one finger would become two, then three. His fingers would play in my asshole, massaging it, moving in and out. He used his thick thumb and forefinger to pull apart my hole. Pulling his fingers out before applying more lube so my hole could take yet another finger.

I would feel Jim pull my ass cheeks apart as four fingers entered my hole, his thumb sneaking in neatly tucked between the other four. Jim slowly turned his wrist, twisting back and forth as further into my hole he entered. Alway lubricating and expanding my hole, priming it to be introduced to the next in a long series of weirdly shaped butt-plugs and dildos of ever increasing length and girth.

It came as a shock to me that dildos were so dense unlike a cock or fingers, their solid mass made them relentless at their task. Jim applied a little light pressure to their mass but increased the pressure as inch by inch my sphincter slowly yielded open. Time again my ass surrendered allowing the widest part of the dildo or the butt-plug to finally ease it's way into me. My moans and cries accompanied each finger, each dildo and each step along Jim's plan to reconstruct my fuck hole.

Jim was never in a hurry, he enjoyed the process of expanding the limits of my hole, as he reshaped my own definition of how big a sex toy my hole could handle. Often encouraging my progress by showing great delight when a butt-plug slipped that final inch and my sphincter closed around it's narrow neck, sealing it tight inside my hole. It excited Jim to leave me tied to the sling for hours with a large butt-plug securely stuffed up on ass. He would stand over me watching me squirm as the butt-plug strained open my anus. He was always determined, never doubting that one day soon his over sized cock would fuck my ass.

Every session with Jim came with a new sexual humiliation for me to endure. One evening I was introduced to the custom made body harness Jim had Cliff make for me. The black leather harness came with an attachment to secure a butt-plug into my ass.

I remember clearly the first time Jim had me wear the harness. He inserted a thick black butt-plug weighing several pounds into my asshole, securing it in place with a leather straps anchored to the leather harness. Jim walked me across the floor. Each step causing the head of the plug to pivot back and forth deep up my butt-hole, pummeling my insides. I felt like a puppet with someone's hand up my butt. The more I moved the further the butt-plug rocked back and forth fucking my ass.

Jim reveled at the obvious discomfort painted across my face, becoming so aroused he immediately instructed me to drop to my knees so he could fuck my face. As his cock traveled down the back of my throat stretching it open with it's girth, Jim began to repeatedly tugged at the leather straps of my harness causing the butt-plug to move back and forth, fucking my ass.

I was completely unprepared for what followed, I had never experienced anything like it before. Being fucked from both ends by such massive hard objects knocked every other thought out of my head. Overwhelmed by the double assault, everything else in my life faded away. I became completely present with each thrust of the throbbing relentless fuck tools pounding away into my body. 

The level of stimulation coming from my throat and ass was so overpowering, my mind was unable process anything else. Overcome I was forced by a lack of control to just let my body go limp, first submerging myself in the experience then being subjugated by it. I was forced to release any self doubt, any self restraint or any inhibition. Therefore inducing a complete sense of liberation.

In this new reality, I was only a receptacle, an object with openings at both ends, my throat and my ass. Only conscious of the fuck tools hammering into my holes, each hard thrust experienced fully, each back stroke clung to until the end. Then a split second of anticipation before I welcomed the next and the next thrust. 

I now existed only as a fuck hole, the next step on my path to complete submission. Normal reality faded farther and farther away for me, I entered my new reality as Jim's dedicated orifice but as always that was not enough for Jim. He wanted more of me, much, much more.