 Growing up I guess I never thought about it cause it was not part of my environment. But now the thought of messing around with a guy in the bedroom is pretty hot. I finally told my friend Sharon and she was shocked. Lucky for me she is a very good friend and would not think of embarrassing me. Instead, she did the opposite and has hooked me up with a few bi guys who are not out yet.

Well last night I met up with a guy and we had an amazing sexual encounter. We met at a bar down the street from his house after work. I knew who he was through Sharon but had never had a one on one with him. We sat at the corner of the bar so we were not sitting side by side. He had a few beers and I had a few shots of tequila, which made for a good time! The place was pretty loud which was good since we were talking about our gay fantasies. And since we were in the corner no one paid us any attention; just two guys laughing and joking about something! Of course as the alcohol gets flowing more, things heat up and all of a sudden we are talking about blowjobs. At this point I tell him I have a hard on and he tells me he does as well. So I say "let's go check out some of those techniques". We make the confirmation eye contact, he finishes his beer and gives me a hand shake so it looks pretty normal, or straight if you will, lol. All the while he is texting me his address. I order another shot and sit at the bar for another 20 minutes, again just for appearance sake! Just then I get the text with the address and him saying he is getting in the shower but feel free to "cum" on up as the door will be unlocked. As cool as I was making it look, I was all fireworks inside! I decided the time period had passed that would make it pretty obvious to someone that we clearly were leaving together.

It was a nice 10 minute walk back to his place. I say nice cause the whole time I had a nice hard on and my cock head was rubbing against my boxers which felt nice. The anticipation was building but I managed to let my drinks get the better of me and stay cool, without being sloppy drunk! I find my way and walk in to a stylish apartment. Hall light on but the rest of the place was naturally lit. The mood was pretty damn sexy if you ask me. I see him walk to the kitchen in his towel looking pretty hot. He opens the frig to grab something to drink and I walk up behind him and stick my hand under his towel. I feel his warm package and immediately my cock starts throbbing more. I reach my other arm around him and begin stroking his cock from behind with two hands. He bends over just slightly, putting his elbows on the counter and his ass against my bulge. About to tear out my pants, I grab the base of his cock and play with the head. He lets out a pleasing moan. I say, "So thinking about what you said about rimjobs I was wondering would it be ok if I showered". While my hands massage the head of his now precuming cock, and smooth cum filled balls, he says in pleasure, "do what you want". Still behind him stroking a now fully hard 8 inches, I decide to turn it up a notch and get a little kinkier. As a reward for letting me do what I want I grab his balls from underneath between his legs, pushing his cock straight up, I bend around and suck the head twice...mmm. After which I tell him I'll be right back. Feeling somewhat in control I tell him to pour us some drinks, get some lube if he has any and throw some porn on, gay or straight. Still feeling the tease I just gave him, he very passionately says "mmm anything you want"!

I shower for about 5 minutes; mainly washing my ass hole that I anticipate is going to get worked over one way or another. I have had rimjobs before and I absolutely love it! I got so horny one time jerking off that I stuck a finger in my ass, felt good and I came hard. I think I was about ready to try a cock in the ass. I had a guy sit on my cock and I jerked him off, and boy did he cum hard. So I think I want it!

I dry off in the bathroom and walk out naked. Mind you I had been playing with myself in the bathroom so I was nice and hard. I even bent over and let the shower splash directly on my ass hole, which felt very satisfying. I see him on the couch watching porn, and stroking his hard on in a very slow sexual manner. As I walk over, he watches my hard cock swinging and it turns him on. His eyes are glued to my mid-section and I hear him say "fuck yea". I stand in front of him swinging my cock in his face and gently stroking it. As I look at him stroking, it turns me on. I put one foot up on the back of the couch so my legs are spread open. He likes the position I'm in and starts to lick on my balls. Mmmm, I bend over and slid my salivating mouth on to that throbbing cock head. I taste the precum and use it as lube and lick all over the head. I feel him suck one of my balls in his warm wet mouth and start massaging my precum all over my cock. I take him in my mouth a little deeper with my tongue massaging the ridge of the head. Since I have a cock I know that this is a very sensitive area and feels overwhelmingly good sometime. With my mouth dripping, I let out some saliva and begin to stroke his cock with the same rhythm I'm sucking it. Mmmm, I'm sucking and stroking and moaning on it so he can feel every vibration and just then, he pops my balls out of his mouth, breathing hard he says, "damn you sucking me so good man I want to please you". I lay on the couch and he makes it a point to keep my legs spread open; kinky guy and I like it! He props one of my legs on the back of the couch and starts to lick my thigh all the way to the base of my cock, then licking under my balls. Damn that was good. I spread my arms out and get completely loose. At this point I feel his warm hands wrap around my throbbing shaft and his wet tongue start to massage the head of my cock. I feel him lick all over my cock and get it lubed up with spit. Then he grabs it with two hands and starts to simultaneously suck and stroke. My back is arching and my toes are curling, I am headed to ecstasy. He grabs my ass and spreads my checks, exposing my hole to the air as he is deep throating. I let out a sexy little moan as the air taps my ass hole. He picks up on the fact that the ass play is turning me on and starts to massage my ass while giving me an awesome blowjob. I look down at him and see the satisfaction on his face. He is making me feel good and he is enjoying it. He starts to kiss my cock all over and ask, "You want me to lick that ass"? Just the thought of it turns me on and I reply, "ummm yes". He grabs two pillows, lifts my ass up and places them under me so my feet swing back towards my shoulders. He spits on my cock, stroking it and starts playing with my balls with his tongue, letting the saliva drip down to my ass hole. He then grabs my ass with both hands, putting his thumbs around my ass hole to spread it open, and inserts his warm wet tongue in my man hole...mmmm! I start to jerk my own cock as I precum more, using it as lube, I am so turned on I tell him I want him to fuck me. He again says "whatever you want". He starts to tongue fuck me more rigorously sliding it deeper in my ass. I feel the pressure but I'm so horny and getting very loose, so it feels good. 

He turns me on my stomach and spreads my legs. He licks from my balls to my ass. Grabbing me from behind, he spreads my ass and proceeds to tongue fuck me some more. I arch my back just a little to give him the perfect angle to my open wet hole. He starts to jerk my cock the same time he is sliding his tongue in my ass and it feels amazing. With my ass nice and wet and in the air, I tell him to come around here so I can suck his dick before he fucks me. Just then I grab the lube while I put his hard cock in my mouth. Start to suck it nice, up and down, feeling the head throb in my throat. Again I suck it, up and down, mmm I luv tasting cock! Just then I open the lube and squeeze a good amount on his dick, rubbing it all over making it nice and slippery so it can slide in my ass with ease. As he comes around I am nervous with excitement and horny as hell. Me anticipating the cock, he says "I want to taste that ass some more". I'm so turned on I arch my ass up some more and reach around to spread it open for him. He buries his wet lips around my hole and I feel myself precum...mmm! He gets up and straddles me. I feel him tapping my hole with his hard cock head (I'm ready I say to myself). With his left hand he grabs my hip, holding his cock in his other hand so he can guide it in me nice and smooth. 

With my ass wet and loose, I feel the head slide in, and then out. I let out a moan to let him know I want more. He slides in me again, a little more this time, mmm. Again, deeper! Now he has a rhythm and it feels good getting fucked (never thought I'd say that lol). Now he is grabbing both of my hips and penetrating me long and deep. I feel his cock massaging my prostate and I am about to explode. Just then I feel his body get stiff. I know that feeling, he likes fucking this ass and is about to cum. I feel that long hard cock going in and out, and back in. I push back to get all of it and feel his balls smack my balls. We both moan. I look back and see him enjoying it. I reach between my legs to massage his balls and pull his cock in me deeper. I can tell he likes it as his sack gets tight. I want him to cum in my ass hard, but I also want to suck on his cock while he is cumming. At this point he is fucking me good! He gets on one knee and I arch my ass up even more. He grabs the back of my neck with his right hand and grabs my ass with his other. A very controlling position, and I like it. I open my ass and stretch my arms forward giving him complete control of my body. He realizes it and has his way with my ass. I feel myself about to cum and start stroking my cock as he fucks me good. I think he feels me about to cum and starts stroking my cock with the same motion as he fucks me. I feel it coming. I feel that hard, wet, throbbing cock going in and out and back in, him stroking my hard throbbing cock, I EXXXPLODE!!! UHHHHhhhhhhhhhhh, mmmmmmmmmmm. He gets back on both knees and starts stroking my cock with both hands as he slides in me. I'm cumming so hard and he is fucking me so good I tell him, "let me suck your dick". He gives me a few more thrust and strokes to get every last drop of cum out of me...mmmmm!

He slides out and I feel the air rush in my hole, feels good. He moans, "mmmmm" then before I can turn around, he grabs my ass and tongue fucks me a few times. I get up and push him back on the couch. He is hot and horny and stroking his cock. I grab his hand, the one stroking the cock and start licking the head. He lets go and I take over. Now I'm stroking his cock with two hands as I suck it. It feels so hard and warm in my mouth, and taste so good. I start sucking a little faster now taking more in my mouth...mmm. I am slobbing all over it, making it nice and wet so I can stroke it at the same time. I start to massage his balls with one hand and jerk the shaft while I suck on the head. I feel his sack get tight and his hips start to thrust. He is about to cum. I begin sucking vigorously and deep throating. Stroking and licking, up and down. His toes curl as the head of his cock slides across my tongue, releasing tasty warm cum down my throat. I let the cum drip out my mouth and all over his dick as I continue to gently suck ridge of the head and stroke the shaft. Mmm, I start whipping my tongue really quickly as I squeeze out load after load of hot cock cum. He is moaning and groaning in pure ecstasy as I drain his manhood down my throat. 

I deep throat it one more time and stroke all the cum out. While he is lying there exhausted and almost sleep, I lick his dick clean and kiss the head. After which, I get dressed and find my way to the kitchen. Reflecting on the hot session I just had, I throw a shot of tequila down, and make my was to the exxxit!