 At the end of a long night of fucking, after Jim had finished thrashing out his repressed frustrations on my ass and his orgasm had drained away his wrath; along with a flood of his semen into my exhausted hole. He would look into my eyes and smile a wicked little smile. I would move the world to see that wicked little smile again today.

I first met Jim at the baths. He coaxed me into his room then demonstrated his dominance by working me up to a frenzy by whipping me across the face with his enormous cock until I was reduced into his sexual plaything. He sat me on the floor and described his expectations of my surrender to him, silencing any dissent by stuffing his large hairy balls into my mouth.

Jim told me he would not be my Master, I would not be his mindless slave. He would never bark commands or inflict corporal punishment. He did expect any directions he gave to be performed to his satisfaction without question. He made it very clear that there would be serious repercussions if he became displeased with my performance or attitude.

I knelt gagged on the floor for a long time listening as Jim described a life where the sexual dominant partner held complete control therefore removing from the submissive all confusion and responsibility. Allowing the submissive freedom to release all resistance and become totally open without boundaries, to move beyond any limited definition of who they are. 

As I knelt there with my dick throbbing and aching for release; I was completely baffled by the idea of allowing oneself to be taken and consumed as the sexual possession of a strong and dominant man. In spite of my knees going numb and my mouth going dry, making it difficult to swallow, I remained spellbound on the hard bare floor at Jim's feet.

Jim sensed my growing excitement but also my distress and allowed me to let his balls drop from my mouth. It pained me to break our flesh to flesh connection. I wanted to again feel the weight of his large powerful cock as it smacked me across the face, I wanted to feel the warmth of his leathers against my naked body. I wanted to taste the juices his huge cock would feed me.

It was then that Jim decided I should go and fetch some cold drinks, I tried to cover myself with a towel but Jim pulled it off me, leaving me wearing only the speedo had given me to model for him. Having a huge speedo fetish he wanted to watch my ass in the speedo as I walked away.

I ventured out into the hallway, feeling very much more than naked in the tight black speedo. The large hole cut out of the back of the speedo was an open invitation for any horny man to grab my ass. My stiff dick stuck out clearly as if on display for everyone to see. It was humiliating to be dressed up like a little slut.

I hurried to the front desk and ordered drinks from the attendance, a hulking muscled stud in a sleeveless shirt. His gaze took a tour of my body, pausing at the speedo to check out my package. He said with a laugh, "I see you've met Big Jim. I bet your ass is going to be sore!"

I picked up the drinks and turned knowing I had to display my bare backside to this big oaf as I walked away. I had not taken two steps, when he yelled out, "HOT BUTT, if you're not too sore, you can ride my cock too.

I was so distracted by the realized that if you looked like a slut, you got treated like a slut that I was not looking where I was going and bumped into someone. "Is one of those for me?" the man joked as his hand felt up the front of my speedo, grabbing at my dick. "OH! You are happy to see me!" he chirped.

I tried to fend off the lecherous man by backing away but I only succeeded in running my bare ass into another man who had suddenly come up behind me. Suddenly I was trapped between the two men who encircled their arms around me. The man behind me dropped his towel and ground his cock into my bare backside as he reached around my chest to twist my nipples with his finger tips. 

With my hands full and all these hands fondling my body, it was hard to free myself. For a moment all this attention to my dick and ass began to feel so very good. It reminded me how horny I was and how much I longed for the release of coming.

It was becoming obvious that if I could not free myself soon I was going to get fucked by these two guys and maybe many more. I imagined being bent over as men lined up to force their hard cocks up my ass while other men took turns shooting hot loads of cum down my throat.

I was jarred back to reality when I felt a pair of hot hands separating my ass cheeks and the head of a cock being poked at my asshole. I jammed one of the cold drinks into the stomach of one of my tormentors, causing him to jump back and allowing me to make my escape.

When I finally returned to Jim's room, I was even more red faced and mortified then when I left. I opened Jim's door to discover he had packed up his gear and gone. The shock of being dumped by him felt like someone had kicked me in the stomach.

On the bunk I found a note from Jim. It said he was concerned that commitments made in the heat of passion were often regretted in the sober light of day. He directed that in a week if I still was willing to surrender myself, relinquishing all resistance and limitations, I should come to him. 

Bewildered and disappointed I sank onto the bunk, reading and rereading his note. A few minutes later the bath attendant who had made the rude remarks about my ass, entered the room and slammed the door shut behind him.

A big grin broke out across his face as he pulled open his pants exposing his cock and balls, tied up in a leather cock ring. He said he was happy to see I had waited for him. I stood up to leave the room but he shoved me back on the bed, commenting, "What's your hurry little slut?" 

He grabbed me by the back of the head and held me tight with one of his huge powerful hands as he pounded his cock in to my mouth. He ordered me to suck, ordered me to make him hard. I knew then there would be no easy escape from this hulk of a man. I closed my eyes and locked my lips around his cock. 

His cock stiffened and grew very long very fast. It filled my mouth and choked me as he stuffed it down the back of my throat. He grabbed the waistband of my speedo, using it to lift me up onto all fours.

He removed his cock from my mouth then lobbed up some spit, smearing it into my asshole and placed the bulbous red head of his cock to my hole. He said his cock was not as large as Jim's but,"I know how to give a little slut like you a sore ass."

He shifted his weight forward forcing his cock into my asshole, I felt my anus give way under the pressure. The sensation of my anus being broken opened knocked the air from my lungs. As I struggled to take a breath of air, he continued to stretch me open until the head of his cock slipped inside my asshole. I felt my anus tightened a little, holding his cock-head in place at the entrance to my hole. I knew the next thrust of his hips would rocket his hard cock deep inside of me, causing me a ton of pain.

There was a loud clicking sound as the announcement system for the baths was turned on. "Hank to the front desk, Hank to the front desk." an disembodied voice demanded. For a second he appeared to freeze uncertain what to do. I could feel his cock-head pressing against the inside of my asshole, it was heavy and hard like a rock.

"Fuck No!" cursed the hunk who was about to rape my asshole. It was clear his name was Hank and while he was pumped and ready to give me a hell of a fucking, he was also being ordered back to work.

It was at that moment, I realized that a part of me was terrified, praying he would drop me and return to work. However another part of me was tired of the internal battle with myself, tired of always playing the role of the good boy. Why was I refusing to admit the truth any longer, why was I denying my authentic wanton nature?

I needed to be violated; needed to be stuffed full of cock and cum; needed to be treated like a little slut. I needed to surrender myself totally to be used and abused by a strong powerful man. 

In a way I was thankful to this man who was about to rape my ass, he had helped me to distinguish my wants from my needs. I did not want to be with Jim, I needed to belong to Jim, I needed it as much as I needed air. 

Hank yanked his cock from my ass, announcing in a tough tone that a quick fuck with a slut was not worth losing his job over. He slapped me across the butt and said, "I'll save you a big load for next time, Slut!"

I grabbed my towel and Jim's note, then fled never looking back. I knew then the direction I wanted my life to take. At the time it looked so clear and simple, I had no idea of the carnal challenges waiting ahead of me.