 After a torturous week of waiting, I pulled up in front of Jess and Tom's house at 6 on Friday, just as Jess had instructed.

As I got out of my car and walked toward the front door, a small black convertable careened around the corner and into their driveway. Jess' dress matched her car, short and sexy and she was wearing black stockings and heels that made her legs look amazing.

"I'm sorry I'm late," she said."My school board fundraiser meeting ran long. You know how long winded Henry Jones can be."

As we walked to their front door, Jess leaned in close.

"Tom is so excited. He couldn't concentrate at work today and knocked off early."

I shared his pain. I'd gotten nothing done at work all day, either.

We found Tom in the den, watching sports on TV and sipping a drink. Jess kissed her husband hello.

"I'm going to change into something more comfortable," she said as she turned and walked toward the back of the house."You boys can start without me, but don't have too much fun."

Tom gave me a grin.

"I was hoping she'd say that," he said.

He stood and removed his pants and underwear. His semi-erect cock dangled between his legs. Tom resumed his spot on the couch and I knelt between his knees, leaning in to take his dick head between my lips. 

His cock stiffened between my lips and when he was fully hard, I opened my mouth and took him into my throat, closing my lips around the base of his dick.

Tom groaned with approval.

I held him deep in my mouth for a bit. I could feel the blood pulsing through his shaft. I wanted to work his load from his balls, but I knew that Jess would join us soon and that there was plenty of time to swallow his cum.

"Jess has made me wait all week," he said."l've been dying to get my cock in your mouth."

I worked his Dick slowly, enjoying myself. I let his shaft slip from my mouth and pinned it against his groin with my toungue. Tom groaned his approval as I slowly licked from his balls to the tip of his dick.

I was enjoying myself so much, I didn't hear Jess come back into the room. I don't know how long she'd been standing there before Tom noticed her. When he did, he sat straight up, pulling his cock out of my reach.

"What the hell is that?" he asked.

I turned to look. I had never seen Jess look better. She was still wearing the heels from earlier and I could see now that her stockings were lace top thigh highs. She'd traded her dress for a sheer black lace babydoll that showcase her magnificent breasts.

But what captured my eye and Tom's attention jutted out from between her legs and poked out under her negligie: the big blue silicone dick that she'd used on me the previous weekend.

"Do you like it," she said with a mischievous grin, swaying her hips slightly so that the Feeldoe waved back and forth between her thighs.

"Just what do you intend to do with that?" Tom asked.

"I'm going to fuck his ass," she said, giving me a look that wet me to scrambling out of my clothes.

When I was naked, I resumed my position between Tom's legs, but with my butt in the air. I noted that his cock was still as hard as it had been as I sucked it.

As I took her husband's erection into my mouth, I heard Jess crack open a bottle of lube and I felt the cool liquid drizzle into my ass crack. Another squirt must have gone on her shaft as I could hear her stroking her silicone cock.

She knelt between my upturned bottom and rubbed her cock head against my asshole. A small moan escaped my throat, which was filled with Tom's stiff dick. The vibration of my throat caused him to moan, too.

Satisfied that I was ready, Jess pushed harder against my bottom and my sphincter gave way, allowing her cock head into my ass.

After pushing all the way in - I could feel the front of her thighs against the backs of mine - Jess was still, allowing me to feel the fullness of her dick in my bottom before she switched on the vibrator, causing me to moan some more.

We soon fell into an easy rhythm. I sucked her husband at the pace she fucked my ass. When she used long, slow strokes, so did I. When she quickened her pounding, I worked his cock faster with my mouth.

The increased pace was more than Tom could take.

"I'm cumming," he said with a groan as he cupped the back of my head and pulling me deeper onto his cock. Behind me, Jess pushed her vibrating shaft all the way into my ass as her fingernails dug into my hips.

Between their moans and Tom's warm seed filling my throat, I knew they were both getting off on me.

Before long, Tom released my head and I let his softening pricked slip from my mouth as Jess pulled out of my bottom and switched off the vibrator.

Jess made a round of drinks at the den's bar and handed them out. I held mine, but didn't take a sip, preferring to savor the taste of Tom's cock and cum.

Tom's curiosity couldn't be contained.

"Something tells me that wasn't the first time you two had done that," he said.

Jess admitted that it wasn't and began to tell her husband the story of our trysts, starting with the revelation that she knew he had continued to call me to his office to suck him off.

Tom made no comment, but motioned for his wife to continue.

Jess told him about the first time she visited my office after his early morning sex had left her needing to come. She told him of stopping by the office, needing to get off, and catching me masturbating to gay sex clips on the internet. Since I admitted to having never been fucked, she decided to buy the feel doe and do me herself.

"I've decided that if you can use his mouth for your pleasure, so can I," Jess told Tom."Is that going to be a problem?"

Tom shook his head no.

"Good. Now, speaking of his mouth, I'm ready for some more."

I slipped onto the rug next to the couch and Jess squatted above my mouth, facing my feet. I stuck out my tongue and gently traced along the folds of her pussy as she shifted forward and gave me access to her backside.

I licked gently at her rosebud as she shuddered with pleasure. After a few minutes of eating her ass, Jess was ready for more attention up front.

She shifted again, pushing her soaked pussy into my face. As I licked and sucked her, I noticed a thicker consistency to the juices flowing from her snatch. Tom had said they'd not had sex all week, or I would have assumed he'd recently come inside her.

I didn't have much time to ponder it, as Jess's voice snapped me out of my reverie.

"Are you ready to go?" She asked her husband."I want to see you fuck his ass."

Between her thighs, I licked her faster.

"I can't do that," Tom said."I'm not into guys."

"But you can let him suck your dick?" She asked. "Bullshit. I can't remember the number of times you've begged me for anal sex. Well, here's your chance. You have a willing hole just waiting for your cock."

If Tom had reservations, his dick did not. When Jess pulled her pussy from my face while reaching for the lube she'd used earlier, I could see his erection.

Jess settled over me and tapped on my thighs. I reached beneath my knees and pulled them toward my belly, opening my ass for her. I felt a squirt of lube in my crack and then heard her stroking some on her husband, too.

Tom took his spot between my knees and let his dick lay between my cheeks. He rubbed his cock over my asshole, causing my semi-erect dick to jump.

"He's ready,"Jess said."Fuck his ass."

She lifted off me so I could watch. Tom grabbed his dick and began pushing at my opening. When he pushed forward, popping the head of his cock into my ass, all three of us moaned in delight.

Tom pushed the length of his dick into my ass and Jess decided my show was over. She plopped her dripping pussy back into my face.

The sensation of having a real man in my backside was amazing, and knowing his wife was watching him fuck me as I ate her pussy was almost more than I could take.

"How is it?" Jess asked her husband.

"It's tight and hot," he said through his strenuous breathing."It's way different than being inside of you."

"I think he likes it, too," Jess replied.

Clearly I did. Though it hadn't been touched by anyone, I was almost completely hard and leaking pre-come onto my belly. I unlocked my hand from where it had been holding my legs open for Tom and reached for it.

Jess slapped my hand away and I put it back under my knee.

I felt a hand grip my shaft. By the motion of the stroking, I'm sure it was Jess. I was startled, in all of my encounters with both of them, this was the first time either had ever touched my cock.

Jess pushed her pussy into my face and began moving in a small circle. I knew she wasn't far from coming, and with her husband's working in and out of my ass, I was close, too.

I groaned into her pussy as my orgasm overtook me. My ass clenched on Tom's cock as I came, intensifying the sensation as I shot rope after rope of warm cum onto my chest.

My anal ministrations were too much for Tom. He roared his approval and pushed all in, pumping his load into my ass. Jess, too, was pushed over the edge and came on my face.

As we lay there, our sweaty bodies tangled together, the aftertaste of both of them in my mouth, I smiled. My life was looking up.