 Master led Shawn to the basement, a very familiar place to Shawn. It was here that he had been trained by his master, worshipped his master and been used countless times. Tonight he was here to be disciplined. He had been disciplined before, but Master had was incredibly angry. He was tired with Shawn's insolence and was ready to teach the young man his rightful place again. 

'Fetch me the whip boy,' said Master sternly 'your body is looking a bit to clear for my liking.'

'Yes master,' replied Shawn retrieving a heavy leather whip of the wall.

Kneeling on one knee he presented the whip to his master. He kept his eyes downcast, looking only at his Master's boots.

'Stand up. Hands on your head and your feet spread,' said Master talking the whip from Shawn's hands.

'Yes Master.'

'Normally I'd tie you in place and gag you Shawn, but not tonight,' began Master. 'You will hold your position and you will not scream as I whip you. If you disobey these rules, I will tie you to my table, legs open wide and whip your cock and balls.'

Fear filled Shawn's thought as he imagined having his manhood whipped. But, at the same time he couldn't help but feel slightly excited about some hard cbt. It would be excruciating, but Shawn's cock would probably stay hard the entirety of his punishment. 

With that Master began Shawn's punishment. He started in front of Shawn, bringing the first lash across Shawn's chiselled pecs. The second across Shawn's washboard abs and the third across his muscular thighs. Master continued this pattern over and over again. Shawn bit his lip and breathed heavily as the whip lashed his body. He wanted to cry out. Wanted to move to avoid the whip, but he knew better. After what felt like a lifetime to Shawn, Master stopped whipping him.

'Thank you master,' puffed Shawn out of breath.

'We're not even close to finished yet boy,' said Master 'Now it's time for the back of your body to feel the whip.' Shawn's cock was rock hard. The whip hurt, like hell, but nothing made him hornier.

Moving behind Shawn, Master brought his arm back and sent the whip crashing across Shawn's muscled shoulders. The next stroke went across Shawn's perky ass and the next on the back of his thighs. Again, Master followed this pattern for the rest of Shawn's whipping punishment. By the end of it, Shawn could barely stand. His entire body was on fire thanks to the whip, he glistened with sweat as his body tried to cool the boy's welted skin. His arms and legs ached from holding his position, this was by far the most brutal punishment Master had ever given him. Yet, this was only the first of a range of punishments Master had planned for the night.

'All those lashes, and your cock is still hard as a rock,' mocked Master 'you really are a dirty pain slut.'

'Yes Master. Thank you for disciplining me and bringing me the pain I deserve,' replied Shawn weakly.

Master then kneeled in front of Shawn and licked a glob of precum resting on the tip of Shawn's cock. The young man whimpered as Master's smooth tongue glided over the sensitive glands on the head of his cock. Standing back up, Master led Shawn to the leather padded table and instructed him to lay on it. The cool, smooth feel of the leather on Shawn's punished body was a welcome sensation. But his comfort was soon interrupted as Master tied his legs spread eagle, his feet in the air. His hands were tied next to his sides, meaning he could move nothing but his head.

'I bought something this afternoon especially for this,' said Master revealing a very large black dildo 'you're gonna love this boy.'

Shawn swallowed nervously. Master pushed the tip of the toy against Shawn's puckered hole and grinned.

'I don't think you deserve any lube tonight boy,' said Master 'Do you?'

'Master, please have mercy,' begged Shawn 'I don't think I can take without lube.'

'Well you're gonna have to,' said Master a sadistic smile on his face.

Slowly he began to push the monstrous toy into Shawn's ass. Shawn screamed in agony, as the dildo stretched his tight hole. 

'Please Master. Please!' cried Shawn scratching at the table leather. 

However, the young man's pleading ceased as the dildo pressed hard against his prostrate. It felt incredible. A beautiful mix of pain and pleasure. Globs of precum trickled down Shawn's shaft as he whimpered in pleasure. 

Now at the hilt, Master stopped pushing. 

'You like vibrators don't you boy?'

'Yes Master,' whimpered Shawn.

Master revealed a remote and pushed a button. The dildo in Shawn's ass began to stir, sending pulses through Shawn's prostate. 

'Remember your training boy,' said Master 'you're not allowed to cum, so you better control yourself.'

With this, Master leaned over and began to blow Shawn's hard cock, and stroke the young man's sensitive nipples with his fingers. The feeling was complete ecstasy. Master's mouth felt like silk against his glands, the vibrator stimulated his prostate over and over again and his nipples were erect with sensation. But he couldn't get lost in it, or he would cum. He needed to control himself. Shawn tried hard to focus. Trying to stop himself from making a mistake. But he was to horny. He wanted to cum so bad. For a moment he completely let go, letting himself lose control. Realising this would cost him, he tried to regain control, but it was too late. His body tensed and began to buckle. Loud moans and whimpers filled the room as he shot rope after rope of cum into his Master's mouth. Waves of pleasure ripped through him as his cock pulsed in his Master's mouth. He was in heaven. Riding his orgasm to its end, Shawn opened his eyes. He quickly realised what he had done. The magnitude of his situation.

'You disgusting, disobedient, filthy slut!' shouted Master, slapping Shawn across the face.

'I'm sorry Master,' cried Shawn through the pain.

'You will be,' replied Master 'You think you can cum without permission and get away with it. And in my mouth no less.'

'I didn't mean to Master, I swear. Please have mercy,' pleaded Shawn terrified.

'I know exactly what disrespectful young men like you deserve,' said Master 'it's gonna be the longest night of your life boy'.

Shawn whimpered in both fear and excitement. What was Master going to do to him now.

To be continued...