 Shawn stood in fear as his master examined his body. Master had shown up unannounced at his dorm room for an impromptu inspection of his boy. They didn't see each other much anymore, as both their lives had become so incredibly busy but Master would always show up at some point to keep Shawn in check. Master ran his calloused fingers over Shawn's rippling abs, admiring the beauty of the young man that stood before him.

'Your muscle definition has improved even further since the last time I saw you,' said Master 'you've clearly been sticking to the workout routine I gave you.'

'Yes master,' said Shawn timidly 'I belong to you, and know I must keep my body in shape for your pleasure.'

'Good boy. I'm glad you haven't forgotten that.'

Shawn knew that Master's good mood would not last much longer. He would soon discover the dirty things Shawn had been doing. Things Shawn didn't have permission to do. Things that would soon have Shawn begging for mercy. Master then bent down to inspect Shawn's seven-inch cock. He ran his fingers over the smooth foreskin, checking for evidence of dried cum. Nothing. But Shawn wasn't relieved. He knew that Master would check under the foreskin to, and that there would be remnants of semen from that morning. With that Master pulled back Shawn's foreskin, exposing his veiny glands and fat purple head. Shawn's cock glands glistened in the afternoon light, covered in slick cum. Master said nothing. Shawn hated it when Master was silent. Master got up and went to stand behind Shawn. Shawn then felt Master's fingers part his round ass cheeks, exposing his hole. Shawn's asshole was a bright crimson red. Clearly somebody had used it recently. 

Anger surged through Master's mind like venom, thinking about the things his boy might have done. Had he given his body to other men? Did he dare cheat on his loving master? Master wanted to scream at the boy, rant at the boy, beat him for betraying him. But Master kept his composure. He couldn't let Shawn know the emotional hold he had on his master. Master walked slowly around Shawn, stopping so they stood face to face, with barely two inches separating their faces. Master could smell the stink of stale smoke on Shawn's breath. He'd been smoking to? The boy was in desperate need of some hard punishment. 

'Tell me boy, how many men have used your body since we last met?' asked Master, dreading the answer.

'None Master,' replied Shawn 'you're the only man I pleasure.'

Master felt the rage bubbling inside of himself. Was Shawn going to lie, right to his face? Did he have no respect for his master? With this, Master grabbed Shawn's tight ball sack and began squeezing hard. Shawn cried out in pain as his master gripped his balls even tighter. 

'Tell me the truth boy!' Demanded Master 'Who's been using your hole! Who's been making you cum!'

'It was me master!' cried Shawn in agony 'no other man. I did it to myself.'

Master released his grip. Shawn fell to his knees, clutching his abused balls. He looked up at his master with glassy eyes. He was so ashamed. He'd been pleasuring himself everyday thinking about his master. Using his body as if it was his to use.

'I'm sorry master, ' said Shawn 'I know I didn't have your permission to finger myself or masturbate. I'm so sorry.'

In all honesty, Master was relieved. The thought of Shawn with other men would have destroyed him. However, Shawn needed to be disciplined. The young stud had grown insolent. Something Master would not tolerate. 

'Get on your feet boy,' instructed Master. 'It seems you've forgotten your place. A long punishment session in my dungeon tonight will help you learn the errors of your ways.'

'Yes Master, thank you Master,' said Shawn worriedly.

'I'll expect you on your knees on my doorstep by 7pm,' said Master 'You should be wearing nothing except your leather jockstrap.'

'Yes Master. I will not disappoint you again,' said Shawn.

Master had many things planned for Shawn later that night, but something had caught his interest in Shawn's dorm room. A very thick leather belt lay on the floor, shiny in the afternoon sun.

'Is this your belt boy?' asked Master picking it up.

'No sir. It belongs to my roommate.'

'I think some pre dungeon discipline is in order,' said Master cracking the belt in the air.

'Yes Master. Thank you master,' said Shawn positioning himself for his punishment.

He bent over a stool in the room. His ass was high in the air and he stood with a wide stance. He needed to make sure his ass was fully exposed for his punishment. He also wanted to make sure Master had easy access to his cock and balls.

'Good boy,' said Master 'at least you remembered something. This will be a good warm up for tonight. After each lick you will thank me and ask for more.'

'Yes Master.'

With that, Master pulled his arm back for his first swing. He brought the belt crashing down on Shawn's deserving ass, with a vicious crack. Shawn roared in pain, as the thick leather stung his muscled ass. 

'Thank you Master,' whimpered Shawn weakly 'may I have another?'

'Say it with conviction boy!" shouted Master 'do you not think you deserve this? Are you questioning my authority?'

'No Master, I would never question you,' said Shawn 'Please may I have another stroke with the belt. I deserve it for defying you. I want to be punished. Please give my ass a good leathering.'

'That's more like it boy,' said Master delivering another cruel stroke across Shawn's ass.

Shawn howled in pain. He was only two lashes in and his ass was already on fire. Another lick followed seconds after, then another. Yet again the belt rained down upon Shawn's abused ass, but this time, Shawn's ball sack was caught by the leather. Shawn screamed in pain as the pain ripped through his balls like fire. He wanted to cradle his balls so badly, but he dares not move from his position. Master stopped the spanking to shove a sock in Shawn's mouth.

'You're screaming like a little bitch,' said Master 'I don't want to have to explain this to campus security, and neither do you.'

The sock stank of sweat. It was one of the socks Shawn had worn to the gym that morning. They were still wet, and the stench almost made Shawn hurl. Regardless of the pain Shawn felt from each stroke of the belt, and the stink of his gym sock, his cock had begun to grow. He loved the abuse. Nothing made him hornier than the pain and humiliation of being punished by his Master. His beating went on for a while longer, and finally ended on the stroke thirty. Red welt's covered Shawn's ass, and his entire body was shiny with sweat, trying to cool him down. 

'Stand up Shawn. You're spanking is done for now,' said Master.

Shawn's stood to attention and thanked his master for disciplining him.

'That was just a taste of what's going to happen to you tonight boy,' said Master evilly 'you need to be thoroughly punished for what you've done.'

'Yes master, thank you master.'

'So, tell me Shawn, why is your cock hard? I don't remember permitting that,' said Master tapping Shawn's veiny shaft with the belt.

'I'm sorry master. The belt across my ass just felt so good. I'm a filthy pain slut and love being abused by you,' said Shawn shamefully.

Master loved hearing Shawn talk like this. It always excited him; he was going to make the boy beg for mercy tonight.

'You're disgusting boy,' sniggered Master 'it's just another thing I'll add to the list that you need to be punished for tonight.'

'Yes master. Thank you master.'

With that, Master picked up his coat and walked towards the door. Before stepping out, he said:

'Don't forget, I want kneeling on my doorstep at 7pm tonight, wearing only, your leather jockstrap. Don't be late. There's a lot I'll need to get through tonight.'

To be continued...