 Jenny was cold. The girls were cold. The cage was too small, the water had scum on it. The "food" was as tasteless as it was filling. It reminded her of rice. Overcooked rice. Steph and Jilly preferred her tits, and Jenny was fine with that. Her B cup breasts had become large C's, painfully full of milk two hours after feeding both girls. 

She ran over the last weeks events.

In the garden, griping about the weeds, Steph with a bug on her, crying about it. Then BOOM wakes in a cage with and extra daughter and both aged by years. The reflection in the water said she hadn't aged a day, perhaps even regressed a year. Jenny had no stretch marks on her belly. None of this made any sense at all. Then she saw the "people" here. Felt unusual urges regarding feeding her own daughters, and an unsatisfiable need to breed with her husband. 

The only thing she could quell was the urge to be close to her daughters. She ate the mushy rice, drank the stale water, and breast fed Steph and Jill. 

Two days ago a human male walked by her cage inside the "barn" as they called it. The boy had no cock or balls and looked as if he'd been shaved from head to toe. He stopped at her cage and spoke to her.

"I am Master's runner. I am here to tell you that your brother arrives soon. You will be with him again, in mind, heart, and body. You are to breed many children with him, cows and boys...er cunts. You are to teach your daughters, calves to breed with him when they become of breeding age.. 

The cunt will have to breed all those cows over there too." The slave pointed to a line of girls and women all bent over on apparatus. They had feet bound on the ground, bent at the waist ninety degrees, hands bound below them and tits in funnels attached to a machine. 

"Milking machines?" Jenny asked.

"Human milk is valuable here, a delicacy used in cooking and drinking. The very rich, including our Master, even bathes in gallons of it. You will help make him more rich with your um..daughters. Best I can tell, a credit here is worth about 2 American dollars. A gallon of your milk is worth about ten thousand dollars." The slave said.

"I was bought for 500,000 credits. Does that mean I'm worth 50 gallons?" Jenny asked.

"Not sure. I'm just a runner. I collect the information I'm told, and deliver it. Math wise that would be true." The slave said.

"What is your name? I'm Jenny, and this is Stephanie and Jill." Jenny said.

" I used to have one...on...on..." The slave tried to remember.

"Earth?" Jenny helped.

"Yes, but I have been here awhile now, and have since forgot it. I am simply Brown Runner. I think cause my eyes are brown." He said humbly. " You will forget things too soon. We are all just the property of Master, and pleasing his staff is what we are here for. Don't fight it Jenny, it will bring a happiness we never knew on Earth." Brown recited as if reading it.

"Not possible. My brother and I were very happy on Earth, and I doubt this cage will ever bring me anything other then muscle cramps and nausea from the fact I have no place to shit but one corner." Jenny hissed. 

"Your tune will change when you are given a purpose." Brown said.

"I have a purpose." Jenny said quietly. She thought of Steven. Her eyes shined in light of the cleanest barn she had ever seen, although it was dimly lit. "So do they." She hugged her daughters at her breasts.

"I'm sure you do."

"Will you be there when my brother arrives?" Jenny asked.

"Most likely not. If I'm not running items between the palace and the barns and fields, I'm in the security guards house being fucked, and watered. He won my ass in a poker game. So I go there at night. Master owns my legs and voice, but Stilta owns the rest of me." Brown bowed his head. It was a happy motion. The 19 year old boy clearly loved his station in life.

"Brown Runner?" Jennifer needed to know more about this place, and as this slave was allowed to move freely, he was the best chance for answers.

"What is it cow?" He responded looking at her eyes. It occurred to Jenny he had not looked at her crotch, or tits at all. Quite unusual. She dismissed him calling her "cow", she was beginning to understand that her purpose was to breed and produce milk. She would be a proud and happy cow, after Steven arrived. 

"What can you tell me... about this... world, and it's customs?" Jenny kept her eyes locked with his, hoping he would spend the time to tell her all she needed to know. Brown sat down on a bucket outside her cage, and began to share the accumulated knowledge he could remember.

They were on a planet called Volcett. The Master was a Feran, named Jadal. The Feran race ruled many systems near to Earth. Earth had actually been overlooked for a few centuries after it had been planted. The only thing that made Earth catch the Feran's eye for harvest was Earth's recent space exploration program. 

Every System had a Governor that reported to the King on the namesake planet of Feran. Each planet had a High Lord that ruled it, Under this High Lord, were regular Lords who owned large plots of land, sometimes whole continents. They divided the land into smaller parcels that were governed by sheriffs. 

Jadal was a Lord, with 6 sheriffs on his large island. 

The majority of the population lived in cities. Only the rich and Lords lived in the country, normally operating immense farms. Your average "Joe" Feran was highly educated, and worked in business or real estate. If these were not a Feran's calling, then the military was always a solid option. Because all manual labor was done by slaves of the conquered or "seeded" planets, Earth being a seeded planet, Ferans never got their hands dirty. Slaves were to Ferans, as televisions or cars were to humans. Even the poorest of Ferans owned one or two. 

Jadal owned three million. There were over ten thousand on this farm alone. 

"This farm is about the same size as half of Rhode Island." Brown Runner had said.

The Ferans had vast technology. The greatest of these were use for space travel and focusing, then using photons for almost anything. However, these things took vast amounts of power. Resources to make this power were in short supply. Slave labor was used whenever possible, especially planet-side.

Feran women were treated like the women in many middle eastern countries. They were there for breeding, the making of families, and to be married off to seal political or business deals. Feran men preferred to have sex with other men over females. The best men to have sex with however was with smaller races. 

Taboos did not exist in Feran society. Everything was fair game, well almost anything. It was illegal to have sex with anything less then an adult, no matter what the slave race was. The slave had to understand it's place before it was to wear an activated collar. It had to wear a collar before it could be put into service.

Sex was part of a conversation. The more powerful man was the top, taking control of the conversation and mounting the employee, or poorer man, while business was conducted. A cock in an ass, was to the Ferans, as a handshake was to humans.

"Ferans can fuck like rabbits, they never tire of it. To them it is as needed as coffee, but feels like sex mixed with opium." Brown Runner had explained. "Not that you have to worry, no Feran will ever want you. Nor will any human that is programmed. I used to be a ladies man...well a male slut, and homophobic, now all I crave is giant Feran cock." He laughed.

Jenny could feel her purpose seeping into her brain. She was a cow. She would be milked and bred. Brown Runner backed this up.

"Cows live into their late thirties, sometimes into their forties. The milk they produce is a huge money maker here. Female humans are either meat or cows, count yourself lucky!" He smiled. "Master Jadal is just now breaking into the milk market, the money he made on these cows is how he could afford to buy your brother." He had said.

Jenny and her daughters eagerly awaited the day Steven was reunited with them.

Steven was strapped to a chair. Daedel was using a sharp, pointed, needle-like instrument checking Steven's chip, and the wireless connection to his collar. He muttered to himself as he worked.

"Looks good here, yes...yes..." Daedel poked around. Steven could feel tiny tingling sensations all over his body as Daedel checked the connections.

"Don't understand why the command function hasn't released your vocal paralysis. Cunt, your collar works, it is sending the signal, reprogramming you, but at on-set it was supposed to release your voice." He whispered. Steven could only blink.

Daedel attached something to his collar, and Steven began to see every memory he had, flash before his eyes. Every song, every conversation, every moment. It all went whipping by his eyes and ears. Steven found himself unable to think. He felt like a media player. Camping trips, loosing his virginity to Jennifer, the Roaming Scots concert...They flashed through his mind at a blur of speed.

"Um, okay yes..." Daedel typed onto a keyboard. "Yes. Okay. Looks good. Hmmm."

"OW!" Steven yelled.

"Ah there it is. There was a blockage in your neural pathways. I've repaired it." Daedel said. 

Steven didn't hear him. All of the programming that had been held back by the damaged nerve was now flooding his brain. Steven's brain became overloaded, and he went into shock.. His eyes went to the back of his head and he fell unconscious. 

(Steven was flying. He was flying over Manitowoc Wisconsin. He looked down over the neighborhood he lived in. He could see his classmates, his friends, his past girlfriends. He laughed. He cupped a hand and a fireball appeared. Steven halted his flight and hovered, throwing the fireball into the crowd of friends. The people that weren't shredded by the explosion were on fire and screaming. He laughed again. 

Steven felt euphoria, his body was completely full of happiness. His sister floated up from the flames of the burning neighborhood. Her hand reached out and touched his. Upon contact he came hard, shooting jets of cum up onto his sister, and down onto the poor souls below. Steven found himself unable to move in mid air, feeling a fullness moving inside him. He felt as if he had eaten a huge meal and was now filled in every way with all of the food, causing bliss. 

Steven felt tired, like he had eaten an entire turkey on Thanksgiving.)

Steven moaned. The soft surface under him was soaked. He felt like he was being crushed from above. He realized the weight was the Master, and his ass was being fucked. The wetness below him was his own mess. In this moment two thoughts, one was his, and the other belonged to the collar, crossed his mind. 

"Remember that pain is temporary, This is just a step to get back to Jenny." And:

"Push back into your Masters cock, you love him! Take all of his massive cock to show you are a good cunt!"

Steven realized he wasn't completely brainwashed. His mind was intact and fighting to stay free. Then he became aware of what that meant. He'd have to act the eager slave to hide it.

Steven painfully pushed back against the thrusts of the massive cock. He moaned with real pain and real pleasure. Steven's body betrayed him. He came again. Judging from the puddle under him, it had to have been the fourth or fifth time. The orgasm was the hardest he had remembered having, even though his prostate was just about empty. 

His rectum had been stretched while he was unconscious, for that he was thankful. The process of having a giant alien penis pushed through a virgin hole would have made him break down. When he woke there was only the pain of the Master moving his guts around, and the pleasure of his prostate being forcefully drained.

Steven had been pushing against him for an hour before he heard the Master groan. He suddenly felt as if his ass was at the end of a fire hose as his guts were even more filled. The Master rolled off of him. Two short men raced up to the Master and began cleaning his massive tool with their tongues. 

In that moment, Steven realized that the collar had got to him. As soon as the Master's cock was removed from him, he felt empty, sad and worthless. He had the Masters cum leaking from his ass, and his own cum all over the front of his body. His midsection looked like a glazed doughnut. His embarrassment, made him stay still in the bed as the Master got up and left the room. 

What was heaven became hell. 

Steven felt alone, completely alone. Deserted on a small island alone. The chip was bleeding through too hard, he couldn't hold it together. His eyes began to water. His mind wanted him to be used, his heart fought valiantly, for his true love. Steven needed his sister more then ever before. He heard his Master come back into the room.

"Are you ready to be a good cunt?" His Master asked.

"Yes Master." Steven said with doe eyes. Steven was owned, and he knew that he had to comply...for now. The chip was affecting him, but he still had most of his higher thinking. Jenny and the girls was the priority. He had to get his Master to let him start the new job. Steven was ordered to take a shower and to lay on his belly on the bed. 

The bed was fresh and clean when the slave crawled back inside. The fabrics were like satin, and the feel of it soothed Steven's muscles and mind. He began to drift off in the amazing comfort. 

Steven had fallen asleep briefly when he felt his Master on top of him. The wind was being squeezed out of him by the sheer weight of the Master on him. This time he felt the penis push into him. It was an intense pain that he couldn't get away from. He now wished for the collar to take over. He felt as if his body was splitting in half. What Steven didn't realize, and what was never explained, is that his Master was being merciful. He was going slow, using lubricants, and pausing when there was resistance. Some slaves on this very farm were used this way, without this mercy.

What seemed like hours was only minutes, Jadal sawed slowly into him, each forward motion was deeper. Steven felt his breath shorten on each lurch of the massive meat pushing deeper into his entrails. Steven willed it to stop, but the cock he now served, was completely inside of him. The pleasure returned. Soon his Master worked his tiny ass with the massive meat. Steven began to lose his seedless cum yet again and coat his belly with the last few drops of it as his Master slammed his prostate empty. 

Even lying still while being fucked, was great exercise. He felt completely weak and drained when his Master rolled off of him a second time. He was sleepy, but he needed to be attentive. He looked at his Master standing at the bedside, his large shaft was still fully erect. Fear now grabbed Steven heart and squeezed it painfully.

"Come take your dinner cunt." His Master ordered. Steven rolled off of the bed and opened his mouth. He fought the collar the whole way, even after the near beer can wide cock hit the back of his throat. Again the Master was merciful. He pushed down Steven throat and released his half cup of jism. 

Steven didn't have to taste or try to swallow it as it was injected right into his stomach, followed by a belly full of piss. The cock pulled out of his throat to Steven's amazement, he had actually gotten all of it's length down. Having to hold his breath while all of that went on however, left him completely exhausted. Even after the words were said, the energy did not come to him immediately. 

"Cunt, you should see to your sister, fill her with child tonight. In the morning you need to get started on the other cows. I will see you in the evening." His Master dismissed him. Steven stumbled slowly to the door.

***

"Strange all the noises they make, these cunts." Stilta said. The head of Jadal's security was an older man. He wore a bright blue kilt and knee high boots. His hair was long and gray, much like the beard he wore. He was the same size as his boss Jadal, but seemed to be much wiser. He had been a general of the planet-side infantry. 

"My new one whimpered and moaned with pleasure the first time I had him, then cried and wailed the second time. I know precisely of what you speak." Jadal agreed. "But this is a different breed of human. These are Americans. They are a softer breed of humans then the Africans. Hence why I bought so many for cunt-work. Are you not thankful for the five I gave you, and the one you won at my poker table?" Jadal laughed. His security chief joined him in laughter as they drank.

" I appreciate the gift. I've never been happier. Being in your employ was the best decision I have made!" Stilta raised a glass to him and sipped from it. 

"The Europeans I shipped in a couple of months ago were so much more eager to take cock. There was no sport in it. Born slaves, those." Jadal looked at a European slave holding the vino pitcher.

"Lord Jadal, I'm glad you voted to finally harvest Earth. The King does hear your voice. These are the finest slaves I have ever seen. They are almost genetically the same as us, so they are so much more attractive. Oh, and they taste delicious. Especially the Americans, their meat is sweet and plentiful. If I may be truthful?"

"Not if it will cause you to lose your job Stilta." Jadal smiled, teasing the older Feran.

"When you replaced all of you field slaves with humans, I sincerely thought you had gone mad. Until I bought my first couple. Then I understood everything. They do not tire as easily as one would think, they almost have the work and sex ethic of us. There is one issue however, a rumor I have heard." Stilta looked his boss in the eye.

"Oh? What is this rumor?" Jadal looked down at slave on his cock as he began to release his bladders payload into the piss-boy's mouth. The man was already sick, his skin had yellowed. Jadal knew this piss-boy had only a few days left. Jadal thought the slave had lived a long life. His face grew hair that was now nearly gray everywhere. 

"That feeding the humans their own kind, makes them crazy. It eats holes in their small brains, and they become like wild animals. They foam at the mouth and shake, even become violent. The collar and chip can't keep them in line when it happens." Stilta spoke grimly.

"Is it happening on this farm?" Jadal asked.

"No, not here. Not yet. I heard it on the satellite news, from Vorah." 

"Vorah is a whole system over, it could be the water, or something in the dirt that is affecting them this way. I will however look into it. If it's true, then the fat humans will become profitable instead of slave feed." Jadal spoke from far away, he was deep in thought and planning. Stilta looked confused.

"Beg your pardon Lord, but how would that be possible?" Stilta looked down at a paper. "Skinny young men are at 350k to a million as of this morning. Next are breed-able cows at 100 credits to 500k, then plow horses at 20k to 100k, light labors are 5k to 25k, all the rest are ground for slave feed, or spit roasted for decent cuts of human. They go from 4 credits up to 500." Stilta read. "How do the fat ones become profitable?"

Jadal smiled. 

"If I told you all of my secrets you might put me out of business and take my place!"

"Impossible. My daughter is your third wife, and her daughters are your 22nd and 31st wives. I would never risk it. My loyalty is to you my Lord. I am simply wanting to improve my stock holdings, and possibly buy a sheriff's election." Stilta lowered his eyes.

"Well there are only 2 billion humans left on earth, and they are all the undesirable Asian working breeds. The other 6 billion have either been bought and processed or have yet to enter the market, as they haven't arrived to the markets. The numbers are limited, and there are many buyers now that it has caught on that they make great cunts, cows, horses and laborers." Jadal paused.
