  Sex is a kind of opium for the masses. 

We are intoxicated yet keenly aware. 

The solution to every problem is suddenly evident. 

We blindly leap towards our bliss and our inevitably downfall.

"Your ass is so fucking tight." Jim huffed. 

I replied, "Sorry Sir." Being careful to keep the tone of my voice respectful; without any hint of the apprehension I was feeling. Without warning Jim yanked his cock from my asshole, walking out of the room while muttering that he needing another drink. Abruptly I was very aware of being alone and overwhelmed by feels of abandonment. 

I caught a glimpse of a disturbing image across the room. A cherub-like, young man was displayed naked and spread-eagle. His hands and feet were tied to a sling made from an old rubber tire. The black, rough texture of the rubber sling a striking contrast to his pale, smooth skin. His lily-white ass cheeks were spread wide exposing his asshole, pink and vulnerable. This desecrated image of a fallen angel suddenly became even more disturbing when I recognized myself reflected in a mirror.

Jim returned to the room, rattling the ice around the glass in his drink. Except for his boots and leather gloves, he was now naked having removed his leather chaps and vest. In his youth, he had been handsome and athletic but now his only real appeal was his enormous cock. The phase "Super sized" always came to mind when I saw his massive cock hanging down between his legs. 

I had named it "The Angry Beast" and I knew every inch of it. I had spend hours on my knees in front of Jim, using my mouth and tongue to worship it. The shaft was thick and powerful, pulsing with veins. The seemingly endless shaft increased in thickness as it extended out. The cock-head was plump and rock-hard. Its corona, the rough ring of callused skin circling the base of his cock-head was defined by sharp edges. It formed a block shape which always reminded me of a battering ram.

Countless times "The Angry Beast" had barged it's way to the back of my mouth and then jammed its' way down my throat. Not stopping until my throat was stretched and Jim's balls would be crushed against my chin. However, fucking my throat had not enough for Jim. He often complained about my ass being too tight to fuck, so he began using dildos and butt-plugs to stretch me open. 

When suddenly he announced, "I've had enough of playing with these toys, your hole is long overdue to be filled with cum. Its time I fucked the hell out of you. Now!" I discovered that dildos had not prepared me for the pounding I would get from his battering ram of a cock.

Jim walked over to the sling. He idly stroked his cock as he finished his drink. He looked down at my balls which had been tied up hours ago. He smiled just before pressing the ice, cold glass against my cherry-red balls. The cold glass felt like a red-hot branding iron.

Searing pain ripped throughout my body like a chain-saw. Every muscle in my body contracted. My body flew into the air then fell back down into the sling with my heart rocketing around in my chest. Every nerve fibre in my body was inundating my brain with "flight or fight" impulses. Wild thoughts raced through my mind. I struggled again my bonds. I had become a caged animal, full of rage and anger.

Jim picked up a bottle of lube and applied a generous layer of lubricant to his hard cock. He placed the head of his cock to my anus then asked, "Do I have your full attention?" Fighting through my anger I answered, "Yes, Sir!" just as he punched the head of his cock through my anus. 

The density and mass of Jim's cock felt ten times larger when it was squeezed into my tight hole. My body's natural response to being invaded immediately came alive. My body wanted desperately to clamp down and tighten, to push against this massive anal intrusion. I understood Jim's sudden torture of my balls, he wanted my adrenaline flowing. He wanted me charged up, ready for the challenge to fight against my own body's reactions. 

I knew I needed to focus. My challenge was to relax and breath, despite the increasing pressure and pain in my ass. It felt like an impossible challenge as Jim's hips shifted forward. His huge cock now had the force of his body weight behind it. Making his cock unstoppable. My panic and my pain doubled as my confidence dissolved. 

I closed my eyes, not wanting to let Jim see the growing panic in my eyes. I took a deep breath and released it. Very aware my anal muscles were being pried open, I quickly sucked in and released another breath. The girth of Jim's shaft would continued to increase to the thickest section, still inches away from entering my ass.

I slowly sucked in another breath and released it. Focusing my attention on the sensation of the air rushing in and out of my nostrils. Then using that focus to calm my thoughts. With each breath my body responded. I moved my focus to my strained anal muscles surrounding Jim's cock, letting them softened and relaxed.

Jim was entering me slowly. Allowing time for me to adjust to the unnatural sensation of having my asshole stretched open. I was aware of Jim's cock-head moving inside of me. The unmistakable feel of his hardened corona pressing into my tender flesh. I imagined the years of friction, the years of fucking which had caused his corona to grow thick and calloused.

Slowly but insistingly Jim pressed his unyielding cock forward. Again and again I tried to focus and breath. But there was no escaping the mounting pressure and pain from my anal ring as the increasing girth of Jim's shaft forced it open.

I become conscious of a radical shift in my body. I was being crowded out of my own body as Jim's almighty cock took possession. Overwhelmed by the sensation of being full of cock; I could not imagine another inch of Jim's hard flesh being jammed into me. Full to bursting, nauseous and unexpectedly dripping in sweat; I lost all focus and started to panic.

Jim calmly continued to press forward, driving the thickest part of his shaft towards my anus. He was insatiable in his pursuit to turn me into his fuck-hole. It felt to me like a bowling ball was being shoved up my butt-hole. The rising crescendo of agony pierced through me. Every muscle in my body strained against my restraints but there was no release from my fate. Suddenly an immense jolt of pain shot through me as my anus stretched beyond its limit finally released; surrendering all resistance. 

Sprawled spread-eagle with my arms and legs tied to the sling; there was nothing to stop Jim from plunging his cock deep into me. Nothing to stop him from turning me into his fuck-hole. I heard Jim moan, I felt the sling move, I felt the thrust of his hips. I felt a gush of air expelling from my lungs as my body absorbed the impact of his thrust. 

Jim's massive cock-head bore down into my flesh like a drill carving out a hole. The rough skin of his corona scrapping like the roughest sandpaper into my flesh. The girth of his shaft forcing the walls of my asshole to expand outwards from the pressure. 

Too breathless to scream, only a soft noise escaped my lips as Jim's cock seized ownership of my body. Every nerve fibre fired distress signals. Every overstrained muscle cried out. Each second I was certain my body could not be forced to stretched open any further. The next second proved me wrong as Jim crammed another inch of his cock into me.

I kept my eyes closed tight as if somehow I could block out the growing mass of flesh invading my body. My ears filled with the deafening sound of my racing heartbeat but there was also another noise. It sounded like thundering hoofbeats at a distance but coming closer. Closer and closer it came as the volume increased until I could feel the pounding coming from inside of me. 

As Jim pressed deeper into my flesh, the large pulsating veins that marbled his cock pounded out the rhythm of his heart. As plunged his cock deeper into me, his heartbeat reverberated throughout my body. There was no escaping and no stopping the relentless tempo.

Another small sound escaped my lips as the rhythm of Jim's heart overtook with my own heartbeat. I felt I hung for a dozen lifetimes, impaled on the sharpest pinnacle of agony. Then sudden release to the sound of one loud thunderclap that echoed through my hollow body. It was the sound of Jim's balls smacking hard against my butt.

In that moment everything changed. The battle was over, my struggles behind me. The rhythm of our hearts beating together dissolved the separation between us. My surrender come as a welcome relief. I remember clearly taking a large breath of air into my lungs. On its release, my body sensed a quantum leap forward. Every muscle in my body went limp. 

Like a virgin deflowered, I would never be the same. My own desire rose like flood waters filling me up and washing away the memory of my suffering. I emerged transformed, now on the inevitable path to becoming Jim's frenzied disciple.

Suddenly aware that my eyes had been closed this whole time; I opened my eyes to see Jim's face only inches from my own. He wore a wicked little smile. After weeks of persistence, he had gotten exactly what he wanted. His tyrannical thrusts into my asshole had reached its goal. In the months ahead he would always get whatever he wanted from me.

"I've been looking forward to that look on your face, that expression of complete submission." Jim said, pressing his hips forward and jamming his big, hairy balls into my butt-cheeks to emphasize the point. "Ball-deep and long overdue." Jim said as he pulled his hips backwards, only to lunge forward. Hammering his cock without mercy down my hole in one quick powerful jabbing motion. Before I could react, he repeated the brutal thrust a second time and then again for a third time.

The first blow of his anal assault knocked the wind out of me. When he unexpected stopped after the third thrust, he left my whole world trembling. That is when "it" first hit me, seizing control of me like the thirst of a lost man in the desert, my dreadful addiction for more. My body demanded that humbling sensation that flooded through me when Jim's powerful cock fucked my asshole. My body cried out to be brutalized. I had become a bottomless pit for Jim's abuse. With no hesitated the words flew out of my mouth, "Please Sir, Don't stop!"

Jim smiled down at me with the look of a man pleased with his triumph. It had not been enough for him to abuse and degrade me. Not enough to fuck and possess me. He needed more then my surrender. He needed me bound to him by my own addiction to having my body violated, making me his willing submissive.

I watched Jim close his eyes as he drew back his hips, pulling the shaft of his cock from me until only his massive cock-head sat just inside of my anal ring, pressing hard against my prostate. He hesitated for a second before calmly easing every inch of his cock into my hole, filling me up and expanding out my asshole until I was bursting with cock. My entire body responded welcoming him. 

Slowly he withdrew again, leaving in his cock's absent a profound emptiness that ached to be filled. I longed for Jim's hips to lunge forward and put to an end the agony of the anticipation of his next thrust. I needed him to fill up the vacant space I had become without a cock inside of me.

Time after time Jim entered me. Each stroke unhurried, each pause deliberate and controlled. The weight and massiveness of his cock deftly used to push me to the edge of agony before suddenly abandoning me and reducing me to abject worthlessness. Slowly he wore away the last remnants of my body's resistance until I was freed from all the panic and doubts. I was at last able to lay back into the sling, stretching out my limps while welcoming Jim's thrusts into the fuck-hole I had become. 

I gently rotated my hips around Jim's pillar of an erection, he was still as hard as concrete. Sensing my encouragement, he responded by slowly increasing the rhythm of his stroke. I was aware that each stroke was delivered with great skill and restraint but now intensified in power. 

Whether he was breaking me in slowly, allowing my own desire to grow to match his or he wished to prolong the event of my first baptism, I did not know. I only knew for certain that these mesmerizing long drawn out strokes were having their desired effect on me. I glanced in the mirror to watch the two of us. I was surprised to see my angelic face unchanged, surprised not to see my new found lust and desire tattooed across my face

As Jim's cock withdrew, I gently tightened my butt muscles around his hard cock, as if I did not want it to exit. The effect causes Jim's massive cock-head with its rough corona to press hard into my flesh. I tighten and released my ass muscles with each thrust. Milking Jim's cock, coaxing it to give up what I wanted. 

The effect on Jim was immediate. He moaned loudly and opened his eyes. He smiled down at me. I thought it was a very wicked little smile, just as everything changed. He lunged forward stabbing his cock into me. He then fucked me with all his strength. Jim's hips repeatedly crashed into my butt as his monstrous cock shot down my fuck-hole.

Each strike felt like I was being hammered into dust. Never had I been so utterly overpowered. Yet I was not Jim's victim, I willing submitted to this test of mental and physical endurance to show him that I could withstand the force of his lust. 

Jim's thrusts soon became erratic. To my amazement, just when I thought he was about to pound his cum into me, he yanked his cock completely out of my ass. I looked up into his face, he was flushed, his teeth clenched. He appeared annoyed, impatient, even angry.

He took a step backwards, then positioned the head of his cock just at the entrance to my ass-hole. He grabbing hold of the chains supporting the sling with both hands. Then without warning, he vigorously yanked the sling towards himself, impaling his cock into me. His cock-head punched through my asshole and down my fuck-hole in one long savage blow.

The force of the blow knocked the air from my lungs increasing the volume of my scream. Jim ripped one of his leather gloves off then shoved it into my mouth, silencing my scream. He then grabbed hold of the sling again and swung the sling back, away from himself and ripping his cock from my asshole. The sling and I paused for a terrifying moment in mid-air before I was again impaled upon his cock by a second furious fuck-punch.

The third punch was followed by a fourth and a fifth; they continuing in a venomous rhythm. Between each punch I hung in mid-air for a brief second, anticipating the next assault. Each pause became as torturous as the punches themselves. Each thrust came as a shock as my fuck-hole burst open with an explosion of hard flesh tearing into it. My helpless body repeatedly swung back and forth as mute and limp as an abused blow-up sex doll.

Jim began to be emphasized each fuck-punch with an earthy grunt that come from a dark place within him. It become clear the catalyst behind each cruel thrust was his suppressed emotions. He was thrashed out wave after wave of repressed rage and frustration against the world using my ass. 

As if intoxicated by the brutality Jim showed no pity. The speed and force of the thrusts increased into a frenzy. Each fuck-punch reverberated throughout my body knocking my senseless. The chains supporting the sling rattled with each powerful blow. The sounds echoing off the walls, filled the room with the chaotic rhythms of our fucking.

Jim's flushed face become crimson, I had an awful thought that he might have a stroke or heart attack before he climaxed. A vision flashed through my mind of me trapped; tied and gagged in the sling for days with his lifeless body on top of me; his hard cock 

It was then that Jim buried his cock deep in my asshole as he began to erupt from the core of his being. His body convulsed, racked by the inevitable agony that burns it's way through your manhood preceding that moment of no return. Every muscle in his body seizing up as his complete awareness focused on the sensation that flooded slowly up, inch by inch his shaft. That sensation that kicks you hard in the gut just before your brain explodes in ecstasy. Empathized by one last final frenzied grunt, the fuse was lit and his load was ready to explode. 

Jim roared as his engorged cock fired out his first cannon ball of cum. Jim's body trembled as his cock spasmed for a second and then a third time, each time shooting out another ball of cum. They smashed into me splattering the depths of my fuck-hole with his hot sticky liquid bliss.

He yanked his hips backwards. His cock slipped briefly from my ass and shot a stream of cum across my balls and ass. Jim shoved his cock back into my hole and again began slamming his cock into me. Each powerful thrust spraying a stream of cum as he repeatedly yelled, "Fuck!"

All my self-doubt gave way to optimism and euphoria as the fresh, raw smell of semen filled my nostrils. Jim's cock was soon covered in his own cum. His continued thrusts causing the cum to ooze from my asshole. His balls began making a wet slapping sound as they collided against my ass with each thrust. I lay in the sling feeling the hot liquid fill me as if I had become a deep well.

The rhyme of those slapping sounds slowly decreased as the intensity behind Jim's thrusts weakened. He began to moan softly while slowly moving his cum covered cock back and forth inside of me, as if unwilling to leave behind the fireworks of his basaltic eruption.

His cock soften slightly, allowing it the slid freely in my vibrating fuck-hole. Jim slowly opened his eyes. He had the look of someone awaking from a dream. I held my breath, feeling the words I was dying to hear him speak on the tip of his tongue. Then he smiled his wicked little smile and said, "I need another drink." He then yanked his cock from me, breaking the spell and leaving profoundly empty.

I looked over at the cock that had reshaped my insides. Shiny and wet, covered in cum, I no longer viewed it as "The Great Angry Beast". Jim walked away, leaving me to alone and tied to the sling. I could hear him fixing himself another drink, lighting a cigarette then flopped down in his armchair, in front of the television.

Delirious, breathless and on the edge of consciousness, I lay motionless on the altar of Jim's sexual appetite. Physical and mentally demolished by the fury of Jim's lust. My arms and legs drained of all strength, weighted a thousand pounds and hung limp from my bonds. Every breath I took tasted of Jim's leather glove.

The memory of his massive cock's thrusts lingered, it felt as if Jim's cock was still embedded deep within me. My body trembled as a series of muscular contractions erupted like earthquakes deep inside me. They released sexual tremors, rippling like waves outward and triggering every nerve in my body to ignite. Spasms of ecstasy radiated out through me like lightning. Again and again my frenzied body was racked by these spasms, each one bringing me to the pinnacle of orgasm without ejaculating.

My stiff dick throbbed with a gnawing demand for release. My balls burned with the ache of flesh too long bound by leather bonds. My body's twitching caused the chains supporting the sling to clatter like bells announcing the zenith of each spasm. 

For a time the world dropped away. I became only the vibrations of my body revving like an overheated engine on the edge of exploding. In the background the remnants of my consciousness was noting the agony and the ecstasy whipping through my body and the creeping blistering heat. The sweat that covered my body vaporized, burning away my old veneer. The cool air caressed my new skin sending cold shivers creeping across my flesh. 
