 ~WARNING~ The following story contains adult content involving intense sensuality and is 100% unvarnished truth. If you are someone whom has ever said the phrase "too much information", you should quit reading now.

*

Friday night, Shawn and I arrived home shortly after 1 AM after a late night drive in the country. It had been a full, wonderful, but exhausting day and we were both ready to crash. As we got a bite to eat and were standing in the kitchen leaning against opposite counters eating ice cream and Hershey's bars, I looked at him and said, 

"I'm so tired but I just love you and want to be with you. What do you say to no sex tonight, just making out and heavy petting?" 

To which Shawn replied,

"We'll see. My back is really sore and my legs."

Of course I detected his oh so subtle hint so I offered him a backrub,

"Would you like a massage that maybe leads to a bit of fooling around before bed.?"

Within 2 minutes, he was in the bedroom, face down on the bed in his Calvin Klein's. I slowly began massaging his shoulders and kneading the muscles in his back with the balls of my hands and my elbows. As I worked my way down his back I removed his boxers in one smooth motion and began to work the muscles around his tailbone. Moving down his legs, kneading the muscles of his thighs and calves, I proceeded to his feet and carefully worked out the knots in his ankles and the balls of his feet. 

Having finished the back, I slowly lifted my body from the sitting position I had over Shawn's upper thighs and moved to his side. I instructed him to turn over. He didn't move. I started to try to move him myself and realized that he was playing dead (I could tell by the irrepressible smile on his supposedly unconscious face). Gently lifting his body by placing my arms under his shoulders, I moved him to the center of the bed and resumed my position on top of him, still in my black boxer briefs. As I began massaging Shawn's chest, he moved his hands to my thighs and slowly began advancing up my legs. Massaging more and more deeply my breathing increased in intensity, as Shawn started to reach his hands inside my shorts and caress me with both hands, one circling around my loin muscles while the other worked my now hard sex. Just as I thought I was about to collapse on top of him, he stopped and presented his hands to me as if to say, "you're not done with my massage, work on these for awhile." As I worked the kinks out of one hand, the other found it's way to my erection and began slowly working it. This continued when I finished the first hand and began on the second. I was getting weaker by the moment and as my body bent towards Shawn's, he reached his head up and started teasing my lips with his tongue. Every time I would try to move my mouth towards his, he would pull back and playfully bite at my lips. Many frustrating moments later, our mouths and tongues connected with an intensity that, though accustomed to, still surprised me every time. At this point, Shawn wrapped his arms around me and flipping me over on my back, took control. 

"Relax, just lay back and do as I say," he purred. "you're my toy tonight." 

He slowing, gently, began caressing every inch of my skin, starting with my thighs and working his way up towards my chest, then back down all the way to my feet and back up toward my shorts, my turgid sex straining to be released. Fixing his gaze upon me, Shawn caught my attention and held intense eye contact with me as he removed my shorts and in one smooth motion lowered his body to mine. Slipping one arm behind my back, he pulled me up to meet him where our lips locked in a hungry embrace. As our tongues were furiously wrestling with each other, he laid me back down and proceeded to envelope my sex with his mouth. His head bobbed up and down, he swirled his tongue around the head and then swallowed me all the way to the base, his nose pressed against my abdomen. Time seemed to stand still as I reached heights of ecstasy that though were now a part of my every day life, still caught me off guard. Just as I thought I was about to black out from the overwhelming pleasure I was experiencing, Shawn released me and lunged onto me with his entire body. As our bodies melted into one, his arms encircled me and our tongues found each other and passion engulfed us. 

"You're beautiful." he whispered as he gazed at me, stroking the side of my face with the edge of his hand. "I love you so much."

"I love you too." I replied, breathless. Slowly reaching over me, Shawn opened the drawer next to the bed and pulled out a condom for each of us. He ripped mine open and gently placed it on me, jacking me off as he did. Kissing me, he secretly slipped a condom on himself and in an instant, was inside me. With an urgent but steady rhythm, he moved inside of me. Almost instantly, I was experiencing the climax that happens right before orgasm; a feeling so intensely pleasurable that it's almost unbearable. 

First moving on top of me with my legs wrapped around the small of his back, then flipping me over like a rag doll and taking me from behind, his arms wrapped around me, jerking me off as he aggressively made love to me. Next he moved us toward the mirror so I could see him inside me as I sat astride him, facing him so that our profile showed in the mirror. Throwing me around as if I weighed nothing, he continued to take me in whatever fashion struck his fancy, each one more amazing for me than the last. We made love for what seemed like an eternity, though it was really only a little over 2 hours. For at least an hour and a half of that time, I felt I was going to explode with the sheer force of impending orgasm. I came five times before Shawn finally couldn't hold out any more and came with me on my sixth. As he crumpled on top of me, I cradled his head and kissed his neck. We embraced and then with extreme effort got out of bed and got in the shower together. As I soaped up his gorgeous, naked body, I told him,

"I'm impressed. I mean, you're always amazing and quite frankly, I didn't think it was possible for sex to get any better than it already was. You apparently still have the ability to surprise me, that was the best yet."

"I aim to please. It turns me on to see how turned on I can make you." he said as he kissed me and started to jerk me off again.

"Oh, no, it was amazing, but now we should sleep." I replied as we stepped out of the shower and headed back toward the bedroom.

"Goodnight, I love you." Shawn crooned as he wrapped his arms around me and leaned over my shoulder to give me a kiss.

As I was trying to say, "I love you too.", Shawn turned our goodnight kiss into a full on make out session. With the increasing intensity of our kiss, I didn't even notice as Shawn slid his hand inside my shorts and started jacking me off again. 

"What can I say, you turn me on." he breathed as we began our second love making session of the night.