 As soon as he opened the door, he knew he was in trouble. Blond-haired Joseph stood just a few feet in front of a man that he clearly recognized as his lover's husband. Thirty-three-year-old Damian was a towering African-American man with long dreadlocks and well-built arms. Upon close inspection, he seemed like the kind of guy that numerous women would be swooning over. But judging by his blank stare, which caused Joseph to freeze himself in newfound dread, he wasn't in the mood for a friendly visit.

Damian's baritone voice emitted an alluring presence in Joseph's ears. "I know about you and my wife."

Joseph, a twenty-year-old white man, didn't know what to do. He breathed through his nose before asking, "How...how did you find out?"

Damian took one slow step forward. "I saw the two of you at Staples Center watching the Lakers game. I saw everything, including the way the two of you fondled each other all evening."

"I can explain everything."

Damian narrowed his eyes. "You don't have to do that. Let me in."

Joseph took deeper breaths. "I don't think I should."

"I won't hurt you. Trust me."

"Why should I?"

"I've already accepted that my wife has been cheating on me for weeks. She's nothing to me now."

"So what does that make me?"

"Let me in and we'll talk. I promise I won't hurt you."

Joseph shook his head. "I can't do that."

He was about to slam the door on Damian's face when the visitor pushed away the swinging door and led himself in the apartment without permission. He slammed the door shut right away.

Joseph didn't know what to do. He was trapped in his own home. He leaned against the couch while keeping his steady gaze at Damian, who looked around as if observing to adapt to a new environment.

"I can only assume that this is where you like to fuck her."

Joseph started to shiver. He just had to tell the truth. "It happened twice...maybe three times."

Damian's blank stare didn't change. "She liked it, didn't she?"

"Yes, she did."

Damian took a few more steps forward before being just a few inches away from Joseph, who was a few inches shorter than him. "Like I said, she's nothing to me now. But you still have something to do with this, and that's a problem."

Joseph could smell the masculine tendencies which instigated off of Damian's body and clothes. "To tell you the truth, I'm nervous right now. I don't know what from me."

"I just want payback."

"What are you gonna do?"

Damian eyed him from top to bottom. "You do look handsome. No wonder my wife has already taken a liking to you."

"Uh...thanks."

Damian stepped back. "Take off your shirt."

Mild confusion interfered with Joseph's critical thinking skills. He hesitated when asking, "Why should I do that?"

"Because I say so. Now do it. And do it slowly."

To avoid any missteps regarding life endangerment, Joseph took off his t-shirt in an unhurried manner. He threw it on the couch and murmured, "Well, I did it. Now what?"

Damian had his eyes on the young man's hairless abs, but a change in expression didn't take effect just yet. "Now take off your jeans."

"You're going somewhere with this, aren't you?"

"Just shut up and do it."

Joseph grabbed his blue jeans and slid it down his legs. Once it reached his ankles, he kicked it aside before doing the same with his boxer shorts. He was not completely naked in front of his visitor.

Damian didn't utter a single word when he eyed him in all directions, a look of sheer determination arising for just a few seconds. He walked around the blond man to get a good look at his entire bare body. Joseph didn't move a muscle, even as Damian, coming from behind, lowered his head and kissed him on the shoulder. Joseph gasped, but he stood still. He didn't know what to do. Fear, bewilderment, and a dash of excitement overwhelmed his five senses.

Damian whispered in his ear, "Tonight, I'm making you mine."

By now, Joseph knew what was going to happen. Damian sought official retribution against his cheating wife, and his sexual urge was his weapon of choice.

Joseph murmured, "But what about your wife?"

"She's not important. This is now between you and me, and I'm in charge. Turn around."

Joseph did a 180-degree turn without complaints. Damian had already taken off his own shirt.

"How do I look?"

Joseph examined his muscular physique. The arms and abs appeared authentic, almost to the point that it produced an uncharted allure towards Joseph's philosophical foundation.

"You look like a hunk."

"Say it like you mean it."

Joseph repeated his statement but with more charisma.

Damian kept his blank stare as he took off his pants and boxer shorts and hurled them in the corner. Joseph looked down to see the massive black cock that stood erect. Damian, as a matter of fact, had a body that demonstrated true strength and buoyancy. It represented an image of a well-built stallion.

Now, the two of them stood naked as complete opposites: dark and light skin, black and blond hair, authority and obedience.

Damian pointed at his cock. "Suck it right now."

Joseph was almost speechless. "I don't think I can do it."

Damian's eyes narrowed again. "Don't think, just feel. You will taste it, and you will like it."

After taking a deep breath, Joseph got down on his knees and began a long journey to a new world. He kissed Damian's precious black cock before licking it from all sides.

Damian's baritone voice became a reliable administrator for his new boy toy. "Tastes good, doesn't it?"

Joseph whispered, "Whatever you say."

"Suck it hard. Don't say anything. Just do it."

It didn't take long for Joseph to stuff the entire cock deep inside his mouth. He couldn't fathom the entire situation just yet. He didn't question why he now had a big dick in his mouth. It just happened.

Damian asked, "You like that, don't ya?"

Joseph didn't answer. He just kept sucking it. Damian's dick was so big that Joseph almost choked on it. He nevertheless swung his head forward and backward to receive the full flavor of a long hard cock.

"Come on, now. Do it faster. FASTER."

Joseph picked up speed with his head movements. This time, Damian grabbed his head with his hands and moved it any way he wanted. Joseph didn't struggle as he let him satisfy his own needs. The black cock did wonders to the blond man's psyche. He had never done this sort of thing before. It felt strange, but at the same time, it was also a moderately unique experience.

Damian's anticipated ejaculation came true as Joseph could feel the unwelcome slime flooding his mouth.

"Don't spit it out."

By obeying his command, the blond man swallowed the creamy substance with one gulp. More warm cream squirted from out of the shaft, and Joseph took the time swallowing everything given to him. Once Damian pulled his cock out from his mouth, Joseph had to take deep breaths from almost suffocating with such an enormous piece of Damian's manhood in his mouth. He looked up to see a slight change to Damian's neutral expression. A little half-smile formed on his face.

"How does it taste?"

Joseph licked off the remaining residue off of his lips. "It's warm and thick."

"Good. Now lie down on the floor."

Without protesting, Joseph did what he was told. He lay on his stomach and waited for the impending human experiment about to unfold in the living room.

Damian was now on top of him. "I'm going to do the same thing you've done with my wife."

Joseph felt a certain serpent touching his buttock. "I don't think I can do this."

"Don't ignore it. Feel it."

Joseph could feel the warm intruder touching the walls of his little passageway. He clenched his teeth as such a mammoth entity wedged itself through. Once it hit the right spot from deep inside, Joseph closed his eyes and let out a long whimper.

Damian whispered, "Don't try to fight it."

He started thrusting in and out of his wife's boyfriend, someone who was now no longer her cherished secret. Joseph moaned with every other thrust. It didn't take long for him to embrace the truth. Damian kept smacking his ass with his hips while striking his inner tube with his prized possession.

"How does it feel?"

Joseph groaned. "It feels good!"

"That's right. Take it!"

Damian grabbed him by the arms as his forward propulsion took effect with no sign of cooling down whatsoever.

Joseph cried out, "Oh, don't stop! Please!"

"Tell me that you're mine!"

"You own me!"

"Fuck, yeah!"

Damian didn't stop pounding him right on the carpet. It was a continuous loop, fueling a growing quantity of high spirits without giving the hint of it ever discontinuing. The nonstop shoving grew faster and harder. The burning sensation from down below became a part of an untried practice for Joseph. He, however, didn't move as he lay on his stomach, the soft and fragile threads of the carpet tickling his skin. Another man had complete control over his actions, and he followed the new set of rules that Damian had bestowed upon him.

"Oh, fuck!"

Joseph could no longer comprehend the intricacies of following the correct time. The dictatorial retribution in the shape of Damian's primal instincts must have lasted longer than fifteen, maybe twenty minutes. But Joseph didn't yearn for a fitting conclusion just yet. He still let his visitor break through his narrow hole for as long as he desired. The feeling of someone lying right on his back didn't disturb Joseph at all. His panting grew quicker, his moaning grew louder, and his willingness to expose himself to Damian's method of payback was near completion.

Damian thrust his cock deeper than ever before completing his long-awaited climax. Joseph's final squeal was the loudest. He didn't feel it just yet, but he imagined the thick creamy discharge filling up his vessel right about now.

Exhausted, Damian rested his head on Joseph's shoulder and calmed his muscles. Both of them lay still on the carpet. Loud noises no longer became a nuisance in the living room as everything grew silent. The profound weight on Joseph's back did little to lighten the blond man's heavy breathing. The warm moisture in the room was enough for a few drops of sweat to slide down Joseph's own skin. He could feel Damian's perspiring chest and legs as they were pressed down behind him. It didn't concern his senses in a negative manner because such an unfamiliar feeling did wonders to his current state of mind. He couldn't fathom how it reworked itself, but the continuous animation he felt when Damian kept inserting his solid shaft in and out of him encompassed a more encouraging outcome for his heart and soul.

Damian kissed Joseph's shoulder once again. After such a vigorous exercise in genuine retribution, a sweeter and simpler act proved to be such a relief to the younger man. Intimacy for someone of the same sex didn't become a novelty for Joseph until now.

"I can't believe it. This is my first time with another guy."

Damian replied, "It won't be the last."

The visitor kept his black cock deep inside his new lover's lower hole, but he relocated his mouth right above Joseph's ear. His baritone whisper made the blond man's entire body shiver. "My wife has betrayed me. And because of that, she won't see you again. Instead, you will be seeing me. I'm keeping you as my own little secret. Understand that."

Despite exhaustion, Joseph murmured, "Don't worry. I do."

"Give her a call and tell her that you're through with her."

"I will."