 Paul looked out the window. He could see a party cloudy sky right above a quiet suburban neighborhood. He opened the window to feel the cool ocean breeze infiltrating his bedroom. He closed his eyes for a moment and took a deep breath. The late Mediterranean spring offered him an almost perfect mood. Southern California was blessed with cool temperatures in the first week of May. Everyone living in the city of Cerritos would most certainly enjoy the pride that originated from both climate and culture.

Unfortunately, Paul's positive attitude would only last for a few minutes. He still couldn't forget the note that his own wife had left behind. He had found it on the nightstand. His wife's wedding ring had been set right on top of the note. This would be the last time he would see her extravagant handwriting, seeing as how what she wrote on that piece of paper showed her true colors. Paul shook his head in disgust. He should have known what would have happened before even marrying a woman like her.

He turned around to see the note still on the nightstand. He didn't know what to do with it for a long time. He showed it to his family, and then to his wife's own parents. Even THEY told him that she would stay true to her word, and that there would be nothing for them to do. Without hesitation, Paul took the note and tore it up before sending them into the wastebasket. He stared at his wife's wedding ring, but he didn't throw it away. Instead, he returned to the window to let the breeze soothe his mental stability.

The thirty-six-year-old man wanted to forget about his wife. Ever since she ran off with her ex-boyfriend two weeks ago, Paul couldn't decide whether to trust another woman again or not. He ultimately decided that not all women would dare break their man's trust, but he would still need time to cope before forming another relationship in the future. He rubbed his palms together. His wife's betrayal must have been the absolute worst thing to have ever happened to him.

He looked down to see a recognizable face. His eighteen-year-old neighbor took a stroll on the sidewalk. Justin, a Japanese-American, came from one of the houses across the street. He looked up and waved at Paul. Paul could see a CD case in Justin's hand, and he knew right away what he had to do. He left his bedroom and went down the stairs. He opened the front door and smiled at Justin.

"How's it going?"

Justin replied, "I'm doing okay."

He handed Paul the CD case. "I'm finished with it. It's pretty good."

Paul had let him borrow one of his own CD's, which contained a performance of Peter Ilych Tchaikovsky's Violin Concerto. This would be the first time Justin had ever listened to it from beginning to end.

"Well, I'm glad you liked it."

He expected Justin to leave, but the young man stayed standing in front of him.

"Are you going to be okay?"

"Yeah, of course. Why do you ask?"

Justin had a genuine look of concern. "Have you heard from your wife yet?"

Paul shook his head. "I doubt that she'll ever come back. She must be having a fun time on the other side of the country."

"I'm sorry."

They usually participated in only small talk, and even then, Justin had already known about Paul's wife a few days ago. Paul wanted to show off his optimistic side, but the agony originating from his wife's absence prevented him from expressing any sort of happy feeling.

He added, "I'll just have to find someone else to share this house with."

Justin still didn't leave just yet. "I can stay around if you need some company."

"No, thanks. I'm sure you've got plans for the rest of the day."

Justin stepped a little closer. "Actually, I've got nothing to do."

He gave Paul a little smile. "I'm willing to stick around."

Paul began to appreciate Justin's presence even more. "Now that I think of it, it wouldn't be such a bad idea."

He let his young neighbor inside the house.

* * *

It only took Paul a few minutes to give Justin the full story by explaining the end result of his wife's treacherous behavior. He and Justin sat in the living room as he described how he found the note upstairs. He read it twice to be certain of what he had just read. It just came out of nowhere. At first, he denied the fact that his wife ran off to the East Coast with her ex-boyfriend. But later on, he couldn't deny it any longer. The next two weeks had been complete torture as he kept asking himself why she would just leave everything behind just like that. And no matter what happened, he kept his wedding ring on his finger. He kept hoping that she would return. But now, the ring was just an inanimate object on his finger that would have signified nothing from the past.

"I'm beginning to think that it's best for me to take this off my finger."

Justin, saddened by his neighbor's misfortune, sat a little closer. "I hate to see you like this."

"Don't worry. I may no longer have a woman to live with me, but I still have a life to live."

"It still sucks that she'd treat you like this after all these years. You stayed faithful to her, and this is what you get in return? You deserve better."

"You're right about that."

Justin's look of concern stayed the same. "You're a good man."

Paul couldn't stop staring at him. Justin was a handsome young man. Ever since they first met one month ago, they continued to make a more unbreakable connection. Their bond was never interrupted by outside forces, and they managed to trust each other in a short amount of time. Paul couldn't help but smile at his neighbor. He was always comforted by Justin's appearance and personality. Such an innocent individual would be good company at all times.

Paul kept his eyes on Justin as he said, "I like it better whenever you're around."

Justin smiled. "Maybe I should stick around more often."

"Sounds good to me."

All of a sudden, Justin looked down at Paul's lap for a brief moment. "I hate it when you're miserable. All I want to do now is to make you feel better."

"And how are you going to do that?"

Justin got off the sofa and stood on his knees right in front of Paul, who looked down at his neighbor. This particular image almost caught him off-guard.

Justin whispered, "I know how to ease your pain."

The young Japanese man began to unzip the other man's pants. Paul didn't move. He was rather intrigued by this sudden turn of events. He watched as Justin pulled out the older man's long hard cock from out of its hiding spot.

Justin smiled at his most recent discovery. "It's beautiful."

Paul didn't know how to react. He felt surprised by what Justin set out to do, but on the other hand, the fascination of such a different spectacle continued to rise as every second passed by.

Justin grabbed the cock with eager fingers. "Don't be nervous. I know what I'm doing."

He said it with maximum confidence. He opened his mouth, leaned forward, and stuffed the tip right inside his open space.

Paul held his breath for a moment before slowly exhaling through his nostrils. This had become a familiar feeling. His wife used to do it on several occasions. But seeing as how another man started to do the exact same thing, it started out as an interesting experience. Paul kept his eyes on Justin, who showed off his submissive side rather quickly. He licked the shaft in all directions and kept the cock drenched in his own saliva. The warmth that pressed against the skin of the dick made Paul shiver with excitement. He let Justin do his thing as the latter continued to make the most out of his free time. He made the cock fully erect thanks to his actions.

Paul was now mesmerized by his neighbor's willingness to change his behavior. He only saw him as a casual friend until now. And seeing as how Justin grew a little more successful with his stimulation, Paul wanted to see this side of him even more.

He remarked, "You're really good."

Justin gave him a flirtatious look as he sucked on the dick that he had shoved in his mouth. Paul wanted this to continue.

He grabbed Justin by the shoulders and said, "Let's see what you got. Take off your clothes."

Justin obeyed without an objection. He stood up straight and took off his shirt, his pants, and his boxer shorts. He showed off his unclothed body to Paul, who immediately liked what he had observed. Justin proved to be a beautiful specimen, a heavenly figure that deserved nationwide recognition. His slim physique, short black hair, and a fine-looking penis caught Paul's complete attention.

He put a smile on his face. "You look amazing."

Justin chuckled. "Thank you."

Paul didn't waste any time. He pulled down his own pants and boxers. He kicked them to the side and showed off his erection in full.

Justin remarked, "It looks even better without your pants on."

Paul took off his shirt. Both men were now naked in the living room. Paul knew what this would lead to, and he didn't care about the radical shift in attraction. His newfound positivity was all that mattered. He eagerly awaited Justin's submissive manner. 

The young man asked, "What would you like me to do?"

Paul sat still. "I'd like you to take this dick like a champ."

Justin licked his lip. "Oh, I've been waiting for you to say something like that."

He took a step forward and kneeled down in front of Paul on the sofa. He seated himself on Paul's lap and bent down onto the cock awaiting his tight hole. Paul anticipated this moment. Even if this sort of behavior remained alien to him, he had the urge to take it all in.

Justin pressed down on the cock as it slid right inside him. He gasped, with eyes wide open with surprise.

"Oh, it's so incredible."

He began to move his hips up and down. Paul's cock slid in and out of the tight hole. He wrapped his arms around Justin and thrust his entire cock in an upward motion. Both men bounced up and down on the sofa. Paul could feel Justin's own cock pressing against his skin.

Justin yelled, "Oh, yes! Fuck me! Fuck me hard! I want it so badly!"

Paul gained a smooth acceleration. He hugged Justin tightly as he had complete control of the latter's body and mind. This new experience was absolutely enthralling. He never expected to do this to another man. And it seemed like a refreshing new direction, seeing as how Justin looked like the right kind of person for this performance. His black hair danced in the air as his entire body moved up and down. He squeezed his eyes shut and his moans signified a mix of pain and pleasure.

Paul leaned forward and sucked on Justin's right nipple. That certainly made Justin moan even louder. Paul licked it in all directions, all the while thrusting his cock deep inside the tight hole destined to briefly expand amidst the excitement.

Paul whispered, "It feels so strange...and yet, it feels so right."

He started panting as his forward propulsion grew faster. Justin hugged him even harder as he leaped up and down like a gentle creature pleasing his superior.

He swung his head back as he didn't want to get off of this ride. "Fuck, yes! I love that cock!"

Paul admired this new appearance. He could watch Justin be the receiver for as long as he wanted. He could feel a familiar stirring sensation from within. He knew that his climax would make its arrival.

"Oh, here it comes."

His thrusting had grown to be the quickest he had ever done. Justin was awestruck when locked in their embrace. The rapid thrusting made him open his eyes wide with anticipation.

He gasped. "Oh, shit!"

Paul suddenly stopped thrusting his cock upwards. Both men shivered at the climax. Paul could feel his semen spurting out of his shaft and infiltrating Justin's walls. Justin let out a long sigh as he relaxed in Paul's arms.

He gave Paul a kiss and whispered, "That was even better than I expected."

Paul kept his neighbor in his tight embrace. Having such delicate features close to his own body made him feel glad that his wife was out of sight.

But then, he wanted so much more. He had never felt so reinvigorated. "Well, we're not done yet."

In an instant, Paul grabbed Justin and threw him down on the sofa. Paul was right on top of the young man. He drove his cock back inside Justin's little hole. Justin squeezed his eyes shut as he moaned loudly like a submissive servant pleasing his new master. He wrapped his legs around Paul's hips and lay flat on his back. Paul continued to thrust deep into his neighbor. Justin's moaning was so pleasing to the ear that Paul wished he could hear it every single day.

"You like my dick, don't you?!"

Justin dug his fingers into the sofa. "Yes! I love your cock! I love it when it's inside me!"

Paul didn't feel fatigued at all. His adrenaline had experienced a new level in greatness. With someone like Justin willing to take it deep, Paul couldn't resist. He thrust his cock deep inside the young man. He could feel a drop of sweat forming on his forehead. He ignored it and continued on with his domination. The temperature in the living room began to rise. He picked up speed as Justin's moaning reached a higher volume. His cock was red-hot with an almost nuclear drive. His next eruption might as well force him to accept complete exhaustion.

Paul blurted, "You're one of a kind. I should fuck you more often."

Justin's look of pain and pleasure didn't disappear from his face. "Yes, it feels so good when you're fucking me!"

Paul didn't want this to end. He felt that he had made the right decision. Even if he had never been with another man before, this sort of miracle was one that he wouldn't mind being seen as a historic moment. He had forgotten about his wife and her betrayal. He solely concentrated on using Justin as the true obedient one in the neighborhood.

His thrusts grew more potent. More drops of sweat emerged from his skin. Justin's moaning had grown the loudest. Both men shook back and forth. The sofa made creaking noises all throughout their performance. Everything about this day seemed like a blessing.

Paul's last thrust was the most powerful. "Take it in!"

Justin screamed. "Oh! Fuck, yes!"

And then, the second eruption had taken effect. More and more semen spurted out of his shaft and flooded Justin's narrow passage even more. He kept his dick deep inside his neighbor, even if some of the juices spilled out of the plugged hole and made a bit of a mess on the sofa.

He looked down at Justin, who appeared exhausted owing to the well-oiled machine working wonders to his own body.

The young Japanese man whispered, "You feel so good inside me."

Paul almost laughed. "And it feels so good to be inside you."

They kissed and didn't let go of each other. Paul found this to be the special moment that unexpectedly changed his life. He didn't question it. He accepted it without an inquiry.

* * *

Justin didn't leave the house just yet. In fact, he stayed even as the sun set in Cerritos. Evening approached soon after, and at midnight, both men lay beside each other in bed. Paul held Justin in his arms as the latter rested his head on Paul's shoulder. They lay naked underneath the blankets. They didn't end their sensuous connection in the daytime. They continued on in Paul's bedroom for hours. He conquered his new mate. Justin willingly received everything from the bottom. And when it all ended, they finally acknowledged their exhaustive state and decided to call it a night. They took a shower together and went straight to bed, unclothed and unashamed.

This was exactly what Paul had yearned for. With the inner turmoil that his wife had caused, the release proved to be quite successful. All this time trying to fight back against negative thoughts, and all it took was one young man to help him ease his pain. Now, he kept Justin in his soft embrace as they prepared to fall asleep. He had forgotten about his wife as soon as Justin made his move. It paid off. He didn't want to see his wife again. She would be better off with her ex-boyfriend on the other side of the country. He would never forgive her for her infidelity, but he would remember the effect of the situation. He had already found a replacement for his newly separated spouse, and that was all that mattered.

Justin whispered, "I'm so glad to be here with you."

Paul remained optimistic. "I'm really going to enjoy having you in my home."

He knew what he had to do. He grabbed his wife's wedding ring from the nightstand and showed it to Justin. "It's a step in the right direction."

Justin understood. He took the ring and put it on his own finger. It felt like a transition to a new beginning.

He replied, "I can't wait to see what happens next."

The two of them lay silent in bed. Paul felt fortunate to have someone like Justin. He stayed awake in the darkness to hear Justin fall asleep in his arms. It didn't take long for him to close his own eyes and succumb to his slumber. The night ended with a positive outlook, and no one in this house had a reason to complain.