 Lightning flashed over the water. Declan watched intently, composing a painting in his mind. The color of the clouds, the shape of the lightning bolts, their vividness against the darkness. The door opened, but Declan paid no attention until Shane said, "Quite a storm."

"Yes, it is," Declan said. "I love storms like this, as long as it doesn't mean being evacuated again."

"They only evacuate if there's a risk of flooding," Shane said. "This is just a standard thunderstorm, even if it did mean it took me half an hour longer than usual to get home from work."

"Why so long?"

"Some people seem to think that rain means slow down, and some people were goggling at the lightning."

"It is beautiful." Declan turned back to the window. "So wild and primitive. I wish my paintings could do it justice."

"I can give you wild and primitive."

Declan laughed. "Everything's sexual with you, isn't it."

"What can I say? The electricity in these storms charges me up." Shane slipped his arm around Declan's waist. "How long have you been watching this?"

"Since it began," Declan replied.

"Can you leave it for a while?" Shane kissed Declan's neck. "I can think of something I'd rather do than watching a storm."

"You want to make our own thunder?" Declan teased.

"Yes, I do."

"I think I can leave this for that."

Declan followed Shane into the bedroom and watched as Shane skinned out of the suit he'd worn to work. "Much more comfortable," Shane said, standing in just his boxers.

"You look comfortable." Declan nodded toward Shane's hard cock, which poked out the front of his boxers. "And horny."

"Very horny." Shane put his arms around Declan and they kissed deeply. "I've been thinking about this all day," Shane said. "I love you."

"I love you too."

Shane maneuvered Declan onto the bed. They lay side by side, tongues exploring each other's mouths as their hands explored each other's bodies. The lights flickered and went out, but neither man noticed; they were too involved with each other.

Shane slowly undressed Declan, kissing each part of his body as it was revealed, then took off his own boxers. "I want you," he said, stroking Declan's cock.

"I figured that out," Declan said.

"Wise ass." Shane swatted Declan's ass. "Do you want me?"

"Yes."

"Tell me."

"I want you to fuck me."

Shane grinned. "I was hoping you'd say that."

He picked up the bottle of lube that they kept on the nightstand and lubed his cock and Declan's asshole. Declan got onto his hands and knees, and Shane slowly eased into his ass. "Does that feel good, baby?" Shane asked.

"Yes."

"Good."

He thrust slowly in and out of Declan's ass. Declan moaned; he loved the feeling of Shane's cock. No matter what problems they'd had in the past, their sex had always been amazing. 

Soon Shane said, "God, Declan, this feels so good. I'm coming!"

"Then come," Declan said. "I'm close."

Shane thrust again and groaned, then pulled out. Declan stroked his own cock until he was about to come, then told Shane, "Open your mouth."

Shane closed his mouth over Declan's cock, and Declan came. Shane swallowed and grinned. "Tastes good."

"Glad you enjoyed it," Declan said. 

Shane lay down and pulled Declan against him. "I always enjoy it. So do you, I hope."

"Yes, I do."

They lay there together for a little while, until Declan thought Shane had fallen asleep. He got off the bed and Shane said, "Where are you going?"

"A quick shower, then back to the living room. I want to watch the lightning."

"I'll go with you."

They showered together but without touching each other, then put on shorts and T-shirts and went out to the living room, where they sat together on the couch. "It's nice here," Declan said. "Nice and peaceful."

"Yes, it is." Shane hesitated. "I called Frank today."

"What? Why?"

"All his stuff that we cleaned out of the guest room. It's past time to get rid of it, but I didn't want to just throw it out without giving him a chance to come get it."

"What did he say?"

"He's coming over to pick it up. He said he'd be here tonight, but with this storm..."

There was a knock on the door. "Apparently the storm doesn't bother him," Declan said.

"Are you going to be okay with him being here?" Shane asked. "I could just take the stuff out to him."

"And make him stand in the rain? No, it's okay."

Shane got up and opened the door. Frank was a short man, shorter than Declan, and slightly chubby. He looked nothing like Declan had expected. "Is now a good time?" Frank asked.

"Yeah, it's fine," Shane said. "Come in."

Frank stepped inside. His smile faltered when he saw Declan. "Hi, I'm Frank Thornton."

"Declan Morrissey." Declan wasn't quite sure how to act toward the man who had been Shane's lover after Shane and Declan had separated six years earlier. "It's nice to meet you. Shane's mentioned you."

"I've heard a few things from him about you as well." From Frank's tone, he wasn't pleased with what he'd heard. "Sorry to interrupt your evening, but Shane told me to come get some things I left here last year."

"I'm not sure why you didn't come get them sooner," Shane said. "It's mostly clothes. You must have needed them."

"Not really. I had too many clothes. Remember how you always used to complain about me taking up too much closet space?"

"Yes, and you always used to make the same complaint about me." Shane gave Declan an uneasy glance. "Everything's in the cellar, Frank. I'll help you carry it out."

Declan stood. "So will I."

"I think Shane and I can manage," Frank said. "There can't be that much."

"Just let me find a flashlight." Shane hurried to the kitchen.

"So you're the famous Declan," Frank said. "For most of the time he and I were together, you were pretty much all Shane talked about, you know. Made it pretty hard to be with him."

"He told me," Declan replied.

"You aren't what I expected."

"Nor are you."

Shane returned with a flashlight. "Okay, let's get everything before the storm gets worse. I hope you parked close to the door. Declan, you don't have to help. Frank's right; he and I can manage."

Declan didn't answer. Shane and Frank went to the basement, and after a moment, Declan heard laughter. The jealousy this aroused in him surprised him. Shane hadn't said or done anything to indicate that he might still be interested in Frank, and Frank seemed more annoyed than pleased to see Shane. There was no reason to be jealous.

After a few minutes, Shane and Frank came upstairs carrying bags of Frank's clothes. They were both smiling. Declan looked away. "Got everything?" he asked.

"We'll have to make another trip," Shane replied.

"I offered to help."

"I know. We've got it covered, don't worry." Shane set down a bag so he could open the front door, and he and Frank went outside.

They came back in laughing and dripping rain, and went back to the basement. When they came back upstairs, Declan was standing at the picture window, looking out at the ocean. He didn't acknowledge Shane or Frank, just listened as they went back outside. When the front door closed again, he turned to see Shane alone. "Everything out now?" Declan asked.

"Yes, including Frank." Shane sat on the couch. "Why did you have to act like that?"

"Like what? I was civil."

"You were civil in a 'get the hell out of my house' way. Frank thinks you don't like him."

"I don't particularly. He doesn't like me either, for that matter, because in his mind I broke you and him up."

"I'm sure he doesn't think that." He looked at Declan, who stared back, saying nothing. Finally Shane sighed. "All right, he probably does think that. But he and I are friends now. I like having friends. Are you going to have a problem with it?"

"With you being friends with your ex-lover? Why would I have a problem with that?" The sarcasm in his voice made Declan wince. There was the jealousy again, the jealousy he had no need to feel. He and Shane were together; there wasn't any reason to worry about anyone coming between them. "Sorry, Shane. It was an awkward situation, that's all. No, of course I don't have a problem with you being friends with Frank."

"Good. It doesn't mean I'm going to spend much time with him, you know. It just means we're on speaking terms again. No worries, I'm not going to invite him for dinner or anything."

"Good to know. If you do, wait till I'm on tour or something."

Shane laughed. "I'll make sure I do that. Wait, tour? Do you have one planned?"

"I heard from my manager today. There are a handful of galleries in New York that want to exhibit my work. I have to go home- back to the city next week to go over which paintings will go to which gallery, and I'll have to make an appearance at each opening. I'll be gone about two weeks when that happens. They wanted longer, but I told them I can't be away from home that long."

"Wow." Shane shook his head. "You just got here, and you're leaving?"

"For two weeks," Declan repeated. "You knew I go to gallery openings and such, Shane. We've talked about it."

"Yes, but I didn't know it would happen quite this soon."

"Neither did I."

"Come here, please."

Declan sat beside Shane, and Shane put his arm around him. "Two weeks is a long time," Shane said. 

"We were apart for six years," Declan pointed out. "We can survive two weeks. It won't be happening right away, anyway. Probably not till fall; these shows are usually planned weeks or months in advance. So don't start worrying about it yet. The only time I'm going to be away soon is next week when I go to meet with my manager, and that will only be overnight."

"Overnight isn't as bad, though my bed will feel empty. I'm used to you being there."

"I know. So am I. But one night isn't much."

"No, it isn't." Shane snuggled against Declan. "So missing out on one night of sleep tonight won't bother you much?"

"And why would I miss out on sleep?"

Shane ran his hand up Declan's thigh. "You know why."

"Again?"

"Yes, again. I told you, thunderstorms make me horny. And so do you."

And so did seeing his former lover, Declan thought but didn't say. He knew some people were energized during thunderstorms, so he didn't doubt that the storm was responsible for some of Shane's horniness. But he was sure seeing Frank had contributed as well, and that made the jealousy surge again.

They didn't bother with the bedroom this time. Shane lifted his head and pressed his lips against Declan's. Their tongues swirled together and for several seconds their mouths were the only part of their bodies that touched. Then Shane pulled Declan against him and held him tightly. "I love you, Declan."

"I love you too." 

"I still can't believe we're together again. We belong together."

"Yes, we do." Declan wondered at Shane's behavior. While Shane never hesitated to talk about his feelings, he wasn't generally like this. It only reinforced Declan's belief that seeing Frank again had stirred something in Shane, something that Shane was trying to deny.

There was no point speaking to Shane about it, though. It would only start an argument, something Declan preferred to avoid. So he silently allowed Shane's hand to find his cock, silently let that hand slip inside his shorts to grasp his shaft. He responded by running his hand over Shane's broad chest. "I love you," Shane whispered again.

"I love you too."

"Lift up."

Declan raised himself from the couch cushion and Shane pulled down his shorts. His mouth found Declan's cock and sucked hard, and his finger penetrated Declan's ass. Usually stimulation like this would bring Declan to orgasm within seconds, but this time he was too preoccupied with thoughts of Shane and Frank. After a few minutes, Shane looked up at him. "Did I wear you out earlier?"

"I guess I'm just tired," Declan replied. "Don't worry about it. Sometimes it doesn't happen."

"It always happens." 

Shane renewed his efforts, sliding his mouth up and down Declan's shaft as though fucking it, until Declan finally managed to relax and let himself come. Shane smiled with satisfaction. "Very good," he said.

"Your turn?" Declan offered.

"Not in your mouth. I want to be inside you again."

"Then get the lube. I'm not in the mood to try it dry."

"Fair enough."

Shane went to the bedroom and was back a second later. "Bend over the couch," he told Declan. He applied the lube and slid into Declan's asshole, not slowly this time, though he held back enough to give Declan time to open to him. It was a hard fuck, nothing gentle about it, and Declan had to wonder whether it was he or Frank who was in Shane's mind as they fucked. 

Shane gave no warning before he came, just grunted and released himself into Declan's ass. He pulled out and collapsed onto the couch. "That was good. I love you."

"I love you too," Declan replied, but this time it was an automatic response.

"Come here," Shane said.

Declan sat down and Shane put his arms around him. For a few minutes, they sat and watched the storm. Finally Shane said, "When are you going to your meeting?"

"Monday. I'll be back Tuesday."

"I'll miss you."

"I'm sure Frank would keep you company."

"Don't start." But there was no anger in Shane's voice, no emotion at all. "I don't want Shane. I want you, and only you."

"All right. I'm sorry I said it."

"It's okay. There's nothing between Frank and me anymore."

"All right." Who was Shane trying to convince, Declan or himself?

"I love you," Shane said yet again.

"I love you too."

They sat together, holding each other, watching the storm. And Declan tried to convince himself that nothing had changed.