 From the Author: 

Hello reader! I'm a long time reader of literotica, but have never created my own story until now. I have always wished someone would make a certain type of story, so finally decided to make them myself! This will hopefully be the first of many! My stories will likely follow one or more of the following. Anal, BDSM, Erotic Couplings,, Exhibitionist & Voyeur, Fetish, First Time, Gay Male, NonConsent/Reluctance, NonHuman, Sci-Fi & Fantasy, and Transsexuals & Crossdressers. My content will include Straight, Bi, and Gay stories. This is not a guarantee that I will post in all of these, but these are my interests in writing about. I hope you enjoy my first submission!

*

Characters:

Cole - 20 year old white male

Dillon - 19 year old white male

*****

Chapter 1

The sheer force of it makes me close my eyes. An overwhelming mixture of pain, fear, and panic has me flail my arms and legs out against the current. My lungs strain for the breath it cannot have. It feels like an eternity has passed before I breach the surface once more, gasping for air. The combination of the water I have just surfaced from, and the rain pelting my face, blurs my vision to simple shapes and colors. My arms and legs grow weak with the struggle to stay afloat. I need to find something, anything. The sound of water crashing over water assaulted my ears. A sudden smaller wave passes over me, putting me under once more. The water gets in my mouth, making me sputter as I breach the surface again. Salt, I will never love salt again. 

Through my freshly blurred vision, a brief glimpse of stark orange is rewarded to me. I blink rapidly to clear the water, but the shape is gone. Only dark blues, greens, blacks, and greys are revealed to me. Then suddenly, orange! A small package bobs up into view. What luck! It's not too far away. One arm in front of the other, I start swimming towards the bright package. My arms burn with fatigue, my legs threatening to cramp with the effort. Every stroke, every kick seems to get me no closer to the potentially life saving orange package. It looks so close, so easy to reach. I become weaker, and weaker. The sinking feeling of the depths below me reach up to swallow my head. Once more my vision is blocked by the overwhelming torrent of water. Then something slimy and slim passes through my hand. The feeling almost makes me recoil from it before I realise what it might be. I grasp onto it desperately hoping and pull. I feel the rope tug me soon after I pull, threatening to tear from my grasp. The rope slips, and slips away, until a hard piece at the end of the rope slams into my weakened fingers, nearly relinquishing my hold. Reaching out, I search for purchase with my free hand, finding another rope against a taut surface, and suddenly, air. A deep breath fills my lungs as I surface. I cling to the new rope with both hands, waiting for my senses to return to me. 

The package was what I had hoped it was. I was clinging onto a newly inflated, orange liferaft. I waited, and waited for my strength to return to me. Once it did, I used what little I had left, to haul myself up and over the bulging edge. I fall haphazardly into the raft. Safety at last. I take deep breaths, filled with much coughing and hacking. The patter patter of the rain striking the rafts inflated surface mixing in with the sounds of the waves. This whole adventure had to be the worst one yet. Flashes of memories come forth, a dock, a boat, a bet, ominous clouds. Definitely the worst yet. I slowly flip myself over, a fresh wave of burning pain wracking through my weakened limbs. I crawl to the edge of the raft and peer over the side. Without the waves constantly overtaking my head, I have a chance to get a feel for my surroundings. Water, just water. Dark clouds overcast above, bringing the rain down in sheets. The wind whips the falling water around in periodic sheets. The waves look angry, swelling with rage, then retreating down cautiously, just to strike again.

Bump. Something hard pushes the raft from under me, causing me to fall back into the raft. I scramble back up to find what has happened. While I was looking the other way, a piece of white debris with an american flag painted on it, had hit the raft. On top of it, a head of sandy brown hair, matted down from the storm, and white arms clung desperately. I could tell he had his green eyes closed. Yes I knew he had green eyes. This had to be Dillon, who else? I reached down and grabbed his shirt and pulled. It was a struggle with my weakened limbs, but with the excitement of seeing my buddy alive gave me a second wind. He was halfway into the raft, before his shirt flew off. I scrambled for his arms before he fell further into the water. Getting his wrist within my grasp, I pulled again, finally hauling his unconscious body into the safety of orange. I lay back, exhausted, closing my eyes against the torrent of rain. The raft swaying and rocking with the rough waves below. 

Me and Dillon had gotten up to some stupid shit. This was definitely the worst. We are friends that liked to hang out, have fun, and occasionally get into trouble. Anything with an engine was our playground. Riding ATV's through a dense forest to finding the biggest jump, screeching our cars tires around an empty parking lot, we knew how to push a vehicle to its limit, and then just a little beyond that. This time, taking my grandfather's boat out for a joy ride for a bet, finally made us pay for all our dumb ideas. We thought we could take it out into the storm and get some air. Boy did we, and now here we are, clutching to life in an orange inflatable liferaft.

I scooted to the edge of the raft to prop myself up, and get a better look at Dillon to see if he was still breathing. I thought my eyes betrayed me for a second, but nope. Dillon was stark naked. I then remembered that I yanked his shirt off. I had a quick search, but not seeing it, I figured it must be lost to the sea. His shorts must have come off in the waves. I turned my attention to my own attire. I had left my shirt in the car, figuring I would get drenched anyways. My shorts were missing as well, however my underwear remained. Fuck, why did I wear these. I panicked slightly, making sure Dillon was still unconscious. I did not want to be caught dead in these. My fetish for women's underwear had been immense. I would sneak into my sister's laundry and stole a few prizes. It started off with innocent fun, then turned to jacking off with them wrapped around my cock. Of course my curiosity got the better of me, so I tried them on. I couldn't get enough of how they made me feel! Of how they caressed, and held my straining erection, and stretched over my curvy butt. This tripled the strength of my orgasms, and eventually lead me to playing with my ass. Nothing like jacking off while massaging your prostate. My cock was of course as small as it could be right now in my requisitioned blue satin bikini panties, but why the hell had I worn them today. Quickly making the decision, I slipped them off, and threw them overboard. Better to be naked then seen in those.

The waves and exhaustion soon had me nodding off. The last thing I remember was the cold feeling creeping into my bones.

Chapter 2

"Cole! Cole! Wake up faggot!"

What? My head hurt, my arms hurt, my legs hurt, hell, I'm just a ball of pain. What was that just now?

"Cole get up goddammnit!"

I shot my eyes open, "Dillon!" I exclaimed. I scramble to sit up against the slimy feeling of the wet raft. Dillon was sitting across from me, still naked as when I pulled him out of the water.

"Yeah its me. The guy you pranked to make me think you fucked me. It won't work asshole, I know your tricks." Said Dillon.

"The fuck you on about?" I say.

"Explain to me why I'm naked on a raft with my naked asshole of a friend?" He spat.

Oh, that. "Hey, don't blame me. I told you to get better pants that won't fall off. Your shirt, well, it sort of got lost." I explained.

"Then why are you naked?" he countered.

"I uh... do what I say, not what I do. Ya no?" I retort. It's then that I realise that we are not rocking anymore, but occasionally getting lifted up and dragged across something hard. I look around. The sun is low in the sky, outlining trees. Trees? I sit up quickly and look. We are on a beach of dry land! "Holy shit, were saved! How did we make it back to the mainland?"

"Beats me, I thought we were dead. All I remember was clinging to some piece of the boat." He says. Thank god he was truly unconscious then so he did not see my 'special' underwear. "Hey, look at this!" He exclaims. "Panites!" He lifted up what I thought he would never find. They must have clinged to the outside of the boat after I got rid of them. "You think your grandfather was a player? Brought some hot chicks on board and scored their panties?"

Thank god he thought that. ".. err, yeah, sure. That's probably what it is." I say dodgingly. "Anyways, help me get this thing on shore." Together, we haul the raft up the beach, safely away from the water line. Our nudity is completely forgotten as we work. Upon further inspection, we find that the raft had a survival kit in it with rations and medical equipment. We take stock and figure we have enough to last a week if needed. Soon after, we are sitting down in the sand, picking away at some food and water to get our energy back up. It's then that I realise something, the sun is climbing, which means it's to the east. "Fuuuck!"

"What?" Dillon questions.

"This is not the mainland. Were on some damned island! The sun's rising, which means it's East. This is the damn Atlantic, Land should be West, not East!" Dillon just stares at me. "I guess we are going to have to figure a way to survive. Thank god for survival kits."

We then take the day to take stock of our surroundings. An exploratory search of the forest tells us this is indeed an island. Not but a half mile in reveals another beach. The entire island seems to be a mile long and a half mile wide. No sign of any civilization. We get to work on making a makeshift camp for the coming night. Soon we have a tent made out of tree limbs and palm leaves, with a downed log for seats near a rock circle for a campfire. As the warm sun sets, we gather various pieces of scavenged wood for the fire. Boy Scouts be damned. We learned how to do this with TV and the internet. The fire is shortly lit after much struggling and cursing.

"Hey, I had a thought." Dillon says. "Since this was your dumb idea to take your grandfather's boat, you need to pay up. I think I got the perfect thing. You know those panties? They look dry by now, why don't you wear them as punishment? Then I don't have to look at your naked ass."

"No way dude, that's weird!" I feign. The idea actually sounds appealing to me. Finally would get to wear something to cover up with.

"Come on, we are the only ones around. It's not like it's gay or anything. You owe me." He reasoned.

He was right, I did owe him for this. It's not like it was my idea or anything. "... fine. I'll wear them. At least I got something to wear now." I jest. Trying to make light of it to mask my excitement of the thought of wearing panties in front of someone, much less having them request it. I haltingly walk over to the raft, lifting the dried panties from them and hold them up. I lift my legs, and put the panties on how everyone else does. One leg at a time. I slide the silky material up my legs, over my package, and up around my hips. The material hugs me tight, making a slight bulge at the front. The back, hugging the cheeks of my ass, barely showing off some of my bare cheeks. The act of putting them on makes me get slightly hard. The panties caressing me just right. My cock swells inside them, surely making the bulge even larger. Dillon doesn't seem to notice, or at least doesn't say anything.

"Hey, didn't know you would look that good!" I shoot him an angry look. "Just kidding, just kidding man. Lighten up. Anyways, we better think about getting some sleep soon."

"Good idea. We will need to make a better camp tomorrow, and search the forest for some food and water, just incase we will be here for a while. Lets hit the sack." I say, as I head towards the makeshift tent. As I bend down to get comfortable, I look back and notice Dillons gave. He was staring at my ass. I blush with embarrassment. I have seen my ass in these panties, and I know what he saw. It's just as good as any girl's ass. He quickly gets up and makes his way over as well. I notice his cock is hanging down a little lower. Looks like he definitely got a good view. I avert my eyes before he notices and turn away from him. He lays down on the other side of the tent and does the same. 

The fire soon burns down to just the embers. The night air sweeps across us, chilling our exposed forms. The tent clearly needs some improvements. "Fuck man, it's cold" Dillon says. "I think we need to use each others body warmth tonight."

"Sure, you're probably right." I say quietly.

"Since you're wearing panties, you be the little spoon." He mocks. I don't give him the pleasure of the response as he shifts closer to me. Soon, I feel his body against mine. His arms wrap around me tentatively, his legs pressed up against mine. Damn this is weird, I never have been held this way before. It feels... nice. Secure. My cock moves against my panties, making them give even more pleasure to it. I feel myself harden while being held this way. I'm so glad he can't see that. Soon I feel his hips softly touch my ass. What must be his cock brushes across my bare cheek. He scoots a little closer and presses his whole body into mine. We both lay in silence. Not wanting to acknowledge the awkwardness. My erection eventually goes down, and I fall asleep.

Chapter 3

It feels cold, yet warm at the same time. The air around me is cold, but my back and legs are warm. My butt is even warmer. I blink awake. Suddenly very aware of my surroundings. Dillon was spooning me from behind, yes, I remember. But he was moving slightly. There was something moving against my ass... Fuck! The sonofabitch is dry humping my ass! I could feel his hard length pressing in between my panty covered ass. Every once in awhile, I could feel it pulse against me. My own cock immediately rose to attention at the intimacy of the situation. It strained against its confines, pushing my panties out with an obscene bulge.

What should I do? Should I wake him? No, there is no way he is not already awake. He must think I'm still asleep. Then what should I do? Fuck, what should I do!! I close my eyes tightly trying to think. He continues grinding back and forth behind me. His thrusts become heavier. Each push into me makes his cock slide along my satin covered rump, keeping him hard and throbbing into my ass. His need is clear, his desire for what he wants is right between my cheeks. My mind goes cloudy with my own erection. My cock throbs against its constraints, trying to free itself, but at the same time, giving itself even more pleasure by moving against the silky material. Fuck that feels so good. He grips me tighter, his arms pulling me down into his crotch. My covered ass parts around his rod, squeezing his member from both sides. I struggle to keep quiet, barely manage it. He is trying with less success. His hot breath is against my ear. His light grunts and groans contrasting against the sounds of waves. 

I've never been held like this before, I've never had the desire to be used like the before. Yet this throbbing piece of meat, spearing my cheeks apart was making me want this guy behind me to push my panties aside and fuck me. His hard length driving against me again and again. Pressing me each time into his arms while he pulls me against his cock. My own erection shifts about inside its satin cage, bringing me closer and closer to an approaching orgasm. I can't believe he is going to make me cum by just humping my panty covered ass! He thrusts harder and harder, driving his cock further down and up each time. 

Soon he reaches low enough to thrust his tip right against the entrance to my asshole. I can feel the head get caught against it, as my rosebud opens slightly from the pressure. Surely if he had pulled the panties to the side, he would have been inside me right then. He grips me harder than ever, keeping his cock pressed right into the opening of my bud. His length pulses even harder and harder. His grunts loud against my ear. I feel a hot stream of liquid against my bud, some of it going right through the panties, and trickling into my slightly parted opening. He is cumming! He is cumming right into my still virgin ass! My cock throbs wildly at the sensation, almost making me cum, but keeping me just on the edge. His throbbing slowly dies down, as does his erection. He becomes soft against me. 

He pants softly in my ear, and nuzzles into me. I keep as still as I can for fear of letting him know I was awake. My own erection continues to throb, I can even hear my pulse in my own ear. It feels like an eternity has passed, but my erection eventually dies down. His panting slowly turns into soft snores of dreams. My own best friend just dry humped my ass, cummed against me, and even shot some of his semen into my ass! Holy fuck, what the hell am I going to do?