 As with all my stories, this one holds elements of the unreal, fantastic creatures and a strong romantic theme. This is a short erotic story, not a quick stroke, so if you're looking for quick porn, you would be best suited to another story. If romantic intense fantasy based story with hot sex is what you're looking for, have fun and enjoy!

* * * * *

You belong to me. The words from the dream I'd had the night before rang in my ears as I stared at my computer screen, working on the boring numbers that was the monotony of my cubicle job. I couldn't get the dream out of my head, out of my thoughts, it'd be the same basic dream I'd had for the past five months, and as I sat staring dumbly at the screen, I relived it once more for the hundredth time.

The room was dark, lit only by the flickering of candles I couldn't see. I was lying on my stomach, wrapped in soft sateen sheets that clung to my hips like a lovers gentle caress, and my cock lay pinned to the mattress from my position. I knew I wasn't alone, and the room wasn't mine, nor was the bed. I turned slightly, my head pillowed on my arms, and made as if to roll over but a rich voice stopped me.

"Do not move." It was soft, a mellow gentle command that send shivers down my spine, and I stilled immediately.

I waited, waited patiently, closing my eyes as the bed dipped and my unseen lover sat beside me on the bed. A calloused hand slid along my spine, brushing the sheet down as it reached my hips, fingertips sliding between the bare crease of my rump. I shivered, I couldn't help it, and a soft breath escaped my mouth as my back arched and my legs shifted further apart almost against my control. 

"You are so eager." He whispered to me, that smooth voice like slow molasses, thick and sweet. Just the sound of it was enough to make my cock twitch, and a soft groan flutter from my lips. "And so beautiful." He continued, his fingers pressing against my anus, a gentle brush, a caress, too fleeting to satisfy, but enough to drive me batty. 

Hands spread me wide, baring me in the most vulnerable manner and making my cheeks flush crimson with embarrassment. When I began to squirm slightly, one hand released me and came down suddenly on my ass, leaving a warm burn against my flesh. "Still." Came the gentle command. The hand returned to spreading me once I stilled again, my breathing coming harsh with growing excitement. I liked the lack of control, I liked that gave myself to this unknown man, and deep down I felt a sense of safety in the hands of my lover, knowing he'd never really hurt me. 

I felt the tickling of breath before the warmth of his tongue slid against my opening, and again, I couldn't help but make a soft sound deep in my chest, almost a moan, maybe more of a groan or a grunt, I couldn't tell, I didn't care. He chuckled deeply, I could feel his amusement vibrate along his tongue and into my body from the connection, and my back arched a little before he coaxed me open and began to lap and stroke at my body with the wet warmth of his tongue.

I couldn't remain still, my fists baling into the sheets, my hips rising up to meet the sudden thrusting into my body. For the first time since this started I spoke, pleadingly. "More... more... please." I whispered, and one hand moved to slide along my balls, cupping them, hefting them gently, closing about them and squeezing slowly, just enough to make me want to cry out, but not hard enough to hurt me, just add pressure.

My hips began to rock against the bed, grinding my achingly hard cock against the soft sheets as he fucked my ass with his tongue with long slow intense thrusts. I could cum like this, I realized, I could explode against the sheets in a million shattered shards of pleasure, and my lover knew it, pulling back to replace his tongue with fingers, using his saliva to lubricate his entrance as I cried out. 

"You will not cum without my permission, Sean." He murmured to me, and I nearly sobbed, ceasing the endless rocking my hips were doing. I didn't want to disobey him, I wanted to please him, no matter the costs. It was a soul deep thing, a need, something I couldn't have turned away from even if I'd wanted to. "Good, very good, my sweet lover." His voice was like a soothing balm to me, yet it triggered something deep that I didn't understand. I wanted him, I wanted him inside of me and I could have screamed my desire out, but it would have done little good.

His fingers moved slowly, pressing into my body, sliding out, then back in again, a slow fucking that had me writhing and him chuckling in that sensual way he had. He knew I needed more, he knew and he continued to tease me. I turned my head, wanting to see the man who drove me crazy, I wanted to see his beloved face, I knew he was mine and I was his, I knew we belonged together, but I could not bring the image of his face to mind and I needed to see him.

As I turned my head, he hissed. "Do not." the two words stilled me, and I let out a strangled sound before turning my face back into my pillow, shuddering with the effort to keep still for him as he explored me. 

"I need to see you." I whispered, pleaded, and he stilled for a moment.

"You will, Sean. You will." He whispered, and then began to move quicker, his fingers pressing into me, I knew it was only two fingers, and suddenly he was adding a third and the burn began, forcing me to cry out for a moment. "Shh, relax." He commanded gently, and I fought to do as he asked...

"Sean?" the voice broke my reverie, but I had no clue where it was coming from. "Sean!" again, and suddenly I realized I was at work, not on that warm soft bed. I sighed, turning my head and eyed my boss with something close to distaste.

"Yea?" I asked after a moment, arching one brow sarcastically.

"You've been staring at your screen, doing nothing for the past twenty minutes. You need to either go home sick, or start working, I can't pay you for daydreaming." Richard was annoyed; I could tell by the way his left cheek twitched while he spoke. A tick he had when he experienced any strong emotions. He was tall, over six feet tall, sandy blonde hair with a peppering of gray and deep ocean blue eyes. Handsome, I had to admit to myself, but straight.

"Yea, sure, I'll start working, sorry Richard." I muttered, and after a moment of watching me, my boss shook his head.

"Go home." He sighed, rolling his eyes at me. "Get your head set on straight, then come back on Monday ready to work. This is ridiculous, Sean. You need to get whatever has been bothering you off your chest before it eats you up, alright?"

I grumbled, nodding my head, stooping to pick up my briefcase and return my laptop to its traveling home. "Sure, Richard." I sighed as the man walked away from me. 

Within ten minutes I was in my little Toyota speeding down the highway towards my home. I lived close to work, so in no time I was opening up the door to my apartment in a dazed sort of funk, I couldn't focus on anything, and I knew this was trouble. I wanted my dream lover, and while I knew it was a dream, it was so real I ached for him when I woke. 

I pushed through my door, feeling uncharacteristically depressed as I set my computer case down on the dinning room table and moved towards the bathroom, intent on taking a nice long shower.

Stripping quickly, I turned on the water and waited for the steam to overcome my senses. When it did, I slipped into the tub and let the thick stream of liquid hit my aching muscles, sliding down the smooth planes of my back, over my ass and down my legs. I work out three times a week at the local gym, and while I'm not built like a god my body is nicely formed. I'd never been overly obsessed with my looks, I had a good ol' boy look to me, and I just accepted that I would never been incredible to look at, but I didn't send children screaming either.

My hands slid over my stomach then down, pressing against my hard shaft, I ached, I was so hard it hurt and I knew that the only way to make the pain go away was to find release, but I also knew it would only go away for a short time, then I'd be at it again. As the smooth stream of hot water caressed my body, I imagined it the hands of my dream lover, sliding his fingertips over my flesh, when I curled my hand around my cock, I imagined it was his mouth, caressing me, taking me deep swallowing me hard. Soon, I was back into the memory of my dream as I stroked away...

"I need to see you." I whispered, pleaded, and he stilled for a moment.

"You will, Sean. You will." He whispered, then began to move quicker, his fingers pressing into me, I knew it was only two fingers, and suddenly he was adding a third and the burn began, forcing me to cry out for a moment. "Shh, relax." He commanded gently, and I fought to do as he asked.

"Please, I need you." I begged, and he drew in a soft sudden breath, I knew he was getting aroused, I knew he wanted me, I could taste his desire on my tongue, feel it in my body. We were connected, and I couldn't understand how, but it didn't matter.

"I know you need me. You belong to me." The words echoed throughout my skull, and I rolled it around in my mind, admitting to myself that it was true. I belonged to him. 

He removed his fingers from my body, and I felt the bed shift beneath me as he moved to cover my body with his own. He was larger then me, far larger then me, thicker and stronger. His warmth blanketed mine, and I could feel the frightening length of his shaft nestled gently in the crease of my ass. I rocked up and he groaned at the friction it caused. He wanted me as badly as I wanted him, and I could feel it humming throughout my body.

His mouth moved over my shoulders, against the back of my neck, brushing soft warm kisses, gentle touches, and then suddenly sharp nips that sent my back bowing beneath him and gasps ripped from my throat. Every touch was like an electric current, ever bite was like fire coursing through my blood. I'd never felt anything like this, never experienced anything like this, my body belonged to him, because only he could ever play my living flesh like an instrument, drawing my cries, whimpers, moans and groans like the tender sound of harp strings, making the most beautiful music, a primal music. 

He ground his cock against my ass, and I felt myself moving with him, my body tense, my muscles bunching with the need to feel him inside of me. "Please." I begged again, I didn't care what he did to me, so long as he was inside of me. I moved, trying to raise up enough so he could push into me, and he just pressed his weight down against me again, pinning me to the bed...

I groaned, my hand moving quickly over the length of my shaft, I was going to explode any moment, at the simple thought of the man who invaded my dreams, and who had invaded my heart in the process. It was incredible, I couldn't even breath as one hand pressed against the tiled wall of the shower, I tilted my head back, water spraying down my chest, over my hard nipples in a manner that caused me to gasp. I wanted him, I could imagine the one thing that never happens in my dreams, I imagined him pressing his mouth to mine, kissing me as he took me.

That was all it took, and soon I was painting the wall of the shower with my thick cum, my eyes closed, my body taught, my breath rushing out of me with sudden intense cry of pleasure. It was so incredible, I couldn't move for moments, I just stood there, my legs wobbly, my breath coming in uneven pants, and then I felt the overwhelming sense of loneliness overcome me when I realized, once more, I made love to my dream lover in my heart, in my mind, but that he would never be there, he wasn't real. 

I'd done many things to try and induce myself to sleep since this had started, but I found if I did not sleep a natural sleep, I couldn't find him. If I took sleeping aids, he'd not show. I found that staying up all hours of the day and night, trying to avoid him, only left me with more vivid imaginings of him. He was huge, a large man with curling shoulder length chestnut hair and deep green eyes. But that was all I could ever remember of his face, those eyes and that hair, so silken to the touch. It was hell, utter hell, because I was in love with him, I wanted no one else, I didn't want to date, I didn't want to go to clubs or parties, I wanted to sleep to be with my dream lover.

We talked about everything, we cuddled, we fucked, and we made slow love. And often he was in control; often he played dominant to my submissive. I'd never experienced that type of play before with my living lovers, but it was exhilarating with my dream man. To be safe in another person's power, to be held and comforted, to be tormented and teased, it was an amazing feeling that I loved. 

"This is enough of this, I can't live like this. I need to go out." I told myself, muttered really while finishing my shower, cleaning up. "This is ridiculous, he's not real Sean! You have to find some one real, this isn't real."

I dressed and moved around my apartment for a little while, then finished some work on my laptop and got myself a snack from the kitchen before it grew dark, and then I grabbed my leather coat and slipped it on before heading out into the night. 

I wandered down the street in my car, heading for the only gay bar in my rather small town; I parked neatly, then hopped out and entered the place that was just beginning to get started. I went to the bar, ordering myself a drink, and as I turned around and leaned against the worn wood I took a slow sip, letting my eyes linger from man to man. No one excited me, but I was determined to find some one to take my mind of my dream lover.

When I finally polished off my first drink, still having seen no one that piqued my interest, the bar tender made me another, setting it on the bar. "The man over there sends his compliments." He said, pointing to a beautiful blond with an incredible body. Maybe he was attracted because I couldn't have cared less about anyone in the place. That's how it always is, when you have no interest, everyone suddenly clamors for your attention. 

"Thanks." I said, accepting the glass and raising it in a silent toast to the man. He smiled; flashing startlingly white teeth, then slowly unfolded himself from his chair and began to walk towards me, leaning his hip against the bar as his eyes lingered over my face. I said nothing, waiting for him to break the silence first.

"I don't see you in here much, my name is Kenneth," he offered me a hand which I accepted and shook. His grip was warm and firm, without a trace of nervousness. "You new to this area?" he asked me.

Smiling, I shook my head and released his hand, though he continued to hold onto me despite the fact the hand shake was over. "No, I've lived here for years; I just haven't been into the dating scene for the last year or so." I replied.

"Ahh, break up, hrm?" he asked me, leaning in a bit to crowd my personal space. 

I thought about my dream lover, then looked up at Kenneth with a chuckle. "Something like that." I agreed, not wanting to go into it. How many people would have understood anyhow?

"Well, let me take your mind off of it, why don't you dance with me?" he asked, and after a moment I nodded my head and let him lead me out to the dance floor. 

Throughout the night, many people danced with me, offered me drinks, but in the end I ended up dancing his last dance with Kenneth. A slower affair, something that had me pressed against the other mans hard body. He leaned his head down, nibbling at my ear, "Come home with me tonight, let me take your mind off of whatever it is bother you." He whispered to me.

I was definitely feeling the effects of alcohol by this point, but I wasn't smashed really. "Okay." I whispered back, giving a soft groan. I wanted to fuck, I wanted to screw some one senseless, I wanted to get my dream lover out of my mind, and Kenneth was a nice guy. 

"I only live a block away, we can walk there." He whispered, his hands sliding down to grip my ass, knowing now that I was a sure thing and growing more bold in his actions. 

"Lets go." I growled, pulling away from him, my hand sliding into his and dragging him behind me as we paid our tab at the bar and headed for the door.

You belong to me.

The words stopped me for a moment, and I looked around me with a slight frown, wondering if I'd heard it aloud or if it was just in his head. 

"What's wrong?" Kenneth asked me, pressing his body against my back. I could feel his hard cock against my jean-clad ass, and I ground back at him.

"Nothing, I thought I heard something. Lets go." I said, ignoring the thoughts.

You belong to me.

The words hit me again, and I drew in a sudden breath, but didn't stop this time. It's not real, I told myself, not real. I pulled Kenneth outside, and then turned to him.

"Lead the way," I whispered, and then pressed in against him, tilting my face up as his mouth came down on mine. I drew in a shuddering breath, returning the kiss for all I was worth. I couldn't think, I could barely breathe, and soon he was pushing me into the alley, pressing me against the wall of the club. The thudding music echoed throughout the walls, it was like a pounding heartbeat as I felt my cock spring to life. I wanted this, I convinced myself. But the truth was I was imaging my dream man. 

Kenneth's hands roamed over my body, beneath my shirt, raking fingernails over my ribs and I moaned again, my mouth nipping his lower lip. And then it came again.

You belong to me.

I nearly screamed my frustration; instead, I deepened the kiss with Kenneth.

You're not real. I thought to myself fiercely. I need to live my life! 

How do you know? The words came, and I whimpered, squeezing my eyes shut.

Kenneth's large hand was now at my groin, rubbing me roughly through the thick material of my jeans. My hips rocked and my breath came quick. I wasn't going to stop. I wasn't.

I know, because if you were you'd have come to me after so many months. Leave me alone, I need to live my life, I can't be alone any more.  I thought to myself, pleaded with my dream lover to release me from the enchantment. Of course, I thought I was pleading with my subconscious, little did I know.

Hands worked at my belt, but I was no longer thinking, I was no longer really aware of how far it was going in the ally, all I could feel was the sensations of being touched, real touch, not a dream world. I felt a bite to my neck, sharp and intense, and I let out a hiss in response, feeling frantic, frantic with the need to be fucked.

Maybe it was not time yet.  The voice, smooth like honey and just as sweet spoke into my mind.

My pants were open, a large hand gripping my cock now fully, I was so achingly hard, I hurt and my hips rocked, my body tense as I clung to my lover, clung to Kenneth I had to remind myself. 

Then you lost your chance, I don't belong to you any more! I need to move on with my life, Damnit!  I felt near tears as I thought, torn between the eroticism of the touch I was receiving, and the thought of loosing my dream lover. 

"We have to go to my apartment before I fuck you in the alley." Kenneth's words snapped me back to the moment, and I panted, nodding my head dumbly, silently. 

"Excuse me." Came a voice I recognized, and for a moment I groaned, sighing inwardly at my mind continuing to play these tricks on me. That is, until Kenneth turned his head at the sound of the voice. My head snapped up, it wasn't just in my mind, that voice was real this time. "As much as I enjoy watching you two go at it, I'd kindly like to take what is mind home with me now." He continued on in a conversational tone.
