 It was the Nordstrom men's half-yearly sale and the store was a madhouse. I had decided to stop by and check out the dress shirt table. The store usually had some pretty good sale prices on designer label dress shirts and I could justify buying a couple at the discounted prices. With it being the first day of the sale the table with shirts in my size was already quite I mess. I'd been pawing through the pile for about five minutes when a blue and white striped shirt caught my eye. I stretched across the table to grab it at the same time another hand reached it from the opposite end of the table.

The hand was attached to a very handsome and distinguished looking guy in a dark blue tailored designer suit. His hair was black with just a touch of gray at the temples and I guessed he was about 15 years older than me. His deep blue eyes were framed by a rugged and tan face. I melted when he added a big white smile to the gorgeous face. A large diamond wedding ring was on the hand holding his side of the shirt.

He laughed and said, "I guess I'll have to flip you for the shirt."

I wasn't really paying much attention. Instead, I was engrossed in this fantasy of a man standing across the shirt table from me. I kind of stammered and a "huh?" escaped from my lips.

"Well, I don't think we need to fight over this one shirt. I'll flip you for it," he repeated.

Finally coming back to reality I told him that really wasn't necessary and he could have the shirt if he really wanted it. I'm sure I was drooling as I looked his body up and down. This was one beautiful hunk of maleness. He looked like a Colt model in a business suit. And just my luck - from the wedding band on his finger the guy must be married and straight.

"O.K.., I still think the best way to settle this would be for me to flip you for the shirt. If I can't do that, would you let me buy you a drink back at my hotel?"

I agreed to his offer for a drink even though it was only about two in the afternoon. He introduced himself as Paul, went to purchase the shirt and told me he would be right back. In a few minutes he was back at my side with his shopping bag. We left the store and walked a few blocks to the Four Seasons Hotel. We settled ourselves into two overstuffed chairs in the lobby bar and Paul ordered a bottle of champagne from the cute waiter.

While we waited, Paul told me he was in town on business for a few days. He and his wife lived in Chicago. Their two sons were in school at separate colleges on the east coast. As he talked, I realized my fantasy man was turning into a genuinely nice guy and I was really enjoying the visit. The waiter brought the bottle of champagne, opened it and served us each a glass. After two glasses of the bubbly my thoughts of lust and passion had been erased. That was when Paul shocked me by asking if I would like to go up to his room.

I'm sure I had a stunned look on my face. I was really confused now. Just when I had put my fantasies of having sex with this guy out of my mind, he asks me to his room? I vocalized my confusion by saying, "But I thought you were happily married." 

Paul rested a hand on my knee and responded with, "I am happily married. My wife and I have an understanding. When she is out of town on business she can have her boyfriends. When I'm out town, I can have mine."

With that, he picked up the bottle of champagne, helped me out of the chair and we headed for the elevator. We went upstairs to his suite. When we were in his room he began removing his clothes. I automatically did the same. Facing away from me, he removed his boxer shorts to reveal a beautiful ass with an all-over tan. As he turned around the light from the window reflected off his salt and pepper chest hair. Jutting straight out from his jet black pubic hair was a majestic cock about ten inches in length.

I turned and used a chair for support as I lowered my white briefs. His hand was immediately massaging my ass and he commented about how much he liked my "glow-in-dark" tan line. He turned my body so he could slide his hot cock between the white globes of my ass. He stepped back and grabbed the Nordstrom shopping bag from the chair. Opening it, he pulled out the shirt and began removing the pins holding it all in place. When he was finished unbuttoning the shirt he handed it to me and told me to put it on. I slid my arms into the shirt and draped it over my torso, leaving the buttons undone. 

Again, he turned me around and I felt his hands lift up the tail of the shirt at about the same instant his lips touched my ass. Rubbing his hands up and down my legs, he continued to plant kisses all over my bubble-butt. Then a tongue began licking my crack. I positioned myself over the arms of the chair and spread my legs as fair apart as I was able. He pushed his face into my ass and began eating my hole. One of his hands came around to grasp my dripping cock. His thumb slid across the head collecting the precum to use as lube for stroking my pulsing meat.

He stood up and guided me to the bed, where I laid face down. With hands on my hips he lifted my ass to again bring it in contact with his lips and tongue. Then, with one foot on the bed and the other on the floor, he brought the tip of his shaft to my pucker and began to gently push it into my wet hole. I was making a conscious effort to contract the muscles of my anal wall and pull him further into me. His coarse pubic hairs were tickling the sensitive rim of my asshole when he suddenly pulled his meat out of my ass and rammed it violently back into me. With that, I began to get the fucking of my life from this incredible sexy and masculine stud.

Within minutes sweat was dripping from both of us. He repositioned his body, without missing a single pistoning beat, and flipped me over on my back. Holding my legs in the air, he continued to pound in and out of my ass. With a little readjustment he was able to take my cock into his mouth and give me incredible head while still fucking me silly. I could hold back no longer and the first blast of my spunk hit the back of his throat. He drank and sucked every drop out of me - all the time keeping up his relentless plunging into my guts.

Again, he flipped me over and got our bodies into a "doggie-style" position without ever pulling out of me. Every muscle in his body tensed, and I could feel his cock grow larger within me, just before he began grunting like an animal and let his load loose inside my burning asshole. The sensations caused me to shoot another blast of cum onto the bedspread and my own face.

With the new shirt between our bodies, we collapsed onto the bed with his drained prick still up my ass. He began licking the sweat off my neck and his tongue snaked into my ear. Nearly out of breath, he panted, "The shirt is yours to keep, I told you I'd flip you for it."