 Sleep had not come easy. His arms had been snuggly wrapped around me. The feel of his bulge against my now messy panties. His chest, slowly expanding and contracting against my back with each slow breath. The brief whisper of his breath against my ear, and soft snore when he inhales. My own cock was throbbing occasionally in its silky confines. Even with all of this, sleep did eventually come.

But now, I was awake. His arms were still wrapped around me, holding me in his slumber. His morning wood pressed tenderly against my derriere. Our legs intertwined with each other. The morning light, broken up by the trees, but still finds its way into our intimate embrace. I could get used to waking up like this. So comfortable, so secure. It washes away all of my troubles. No deserted island, no angry grandfather to have to explain to.

Fuck what am I thinking? My mind recoils, now realising what it is saying. That's fucking gay! I just let my best friend grind his dick into my ass until he came. I should be disgusted! I gingerly lifted his arms off of me and slid out from his hold over me. I tried my best not to wake him, and as I crouched next to him to check, his eyes were closed and his breathing just as slow as ever.

I felt used, I felt dirty. This guy had used me as his personal fuck toy to grind against last night. I didn't even get off. He could have at least got me off. I mean, that would only be fair right? His hard cock, thrusting against me, with my own just getting aftershock pleasure from rubbing against... Wait, why is my mind going back there, and why is my dick getting hard? I crawled out of our makeshift tent and struggled to my full height. I looked down and sure enough, my cock was hard, peeking up at me from where it pushed the panties away from my body. I tentatively reached behind me and felt my ass. It was still soaked, and slightly crusty in some areas.

I quickly stepped out of them, nearly tripping myself on them in my haste. I held them up before me, inspecting them. Sure enough, the backs of them were streaked with white cum stains. I balled it up and walked briskly to the ocean. The chilly morning air made me shiver slightly, but once I reached the ocean, the sun peaked over the trees enough to warm by back. I waded into the cool water to clean both the panties and myself. 

Once that was done, I walked back up shore to our tent. Dillon was still sleeping. He had flopped over onto his back, his hard cock exposed and silhouetted by the sun peeking in. Why am I having these feelings? I like girls, not dick. Just cause I like wearing panties and playing with my ass does not make me gay! He moans slightly in his sleep. His cock jumps against his belly. Then why do I feel this way about him, about his cock? All I had were questions. I decided to not worry about it. I threw the panties onto the nearby raft to dry, and decided to go exploring. 

I kicked Dillon's leg to wake him up. "Hey fuck face, wake up." I kicked him again. "Wake up sleeping beauty." God, why did I have to say that?

He groaned and blinked his eyes open. "Eeughhhwhaaa?" He grumbled.

"Get up, we got a lot to do. I'm going to explore, why don't you collect some wood and shit for us to use." I say matter of factly, trying to think about my words more closely. I stomp off down the beach to walk around the entire island.

I quickly confirmed that it is indeed an island as we thought. There were rocky shoals near the northern half, but mostly fresh sandy beaches all the way around. Exploring into the trees proved more useful this time. There was a small freshwater pond on the island. How it was there was anyone's guess, but I was not one to question. On the northern side of the island was a higher ground with some exposed bluffs. A slight cave was dug into the rock. May be useful for a storm, I noted to myself. The forest itself had a good amount of what I presumed were edible berries and coconuts. I was not daring enough to test them since we did have various rations still from the survival kit.

After feeling like I explored a decent amount of the area, I found my way back to our campsite. Dillon had been busy gathering wood, leaves and a few coconuts. After terse greetings, I helped get everything organized and we set to work making a hut. He was deadly quiet throughout the whole process. Mainly following my directions or giving brief 'sure's and 'k's when needed. After most of the day we had the framework for a hut made up with most of the roofing done. It looked like we would be able to finish it tomorrow.

As we sat down on the log next to our small campfire, you could cut the tension with a knife. "So... err.. how did you sleep? Last night I mean." Dillon said awkwardly.

"I slept alright given the circumstances." I said. Not wanting to mention what happened anymore than Dillon likely did. I figured it was best just to act like I didn't know he humped my ass last night.

"Oh, well that's good." He said. You could almost see the weight being lifted from his shoulders. 

I figured I have to mess with him at least a little bit. After all, that is what friends are for. "Woke up with a sore ass and damp panties though. You didn't fuck me last night did you?"

"Uh.. what? No, I.." He stumbled over himself.

I chuckled "I'm just kiddin man. We all wet the bed sometimes, and I guess I just happened to be the bed more or less." You could see him breathe a sigh of relief. " I mean, I would too if I was a scared shitless Dillon that was stranded on an deserted island."

"Hey fuck you! I ain't scared!" We both then started to laugh it all off. It seemed we were back to our old selves, dicking around, punching each other on the shoulder, and talking about how we wish we were home.

We made plans for what we needed to do. Finish the hut, gather more resources, make tools for fishing and to make building easier, and get some sort of way to make it easier to be rescued. Unfortunately, our hut was not quite finished, so tonight would be another cold night.

"Let's head to bed." I say. Dillon readily agrees and we make our way to the makeshift tent. At least it would provide more protection from the elements than the hut in it's current state. I crawled into the tent, naked this time. 

I debated whether or not to wear the panties again. It would provide protection from his cock, but it might also turn him on. If I was not wearing them last night, surely he would have penetrated me with that last thrust. The panties were the only thing that prevented it. Part of me wished those panties were not there last time, wished that his hard member had taken my virgin ass, make me his. I shook my head, clearing those unwanted thoughts, and quickly curled up to hide my quickly growing erection. 

Dillon crawled in behind me, and lay on his side of the tent, keeping a respectful distance away from me. He must still be shy about what happened last night. As we settled in, sure enough, the wind chill crept into us both. I wanted him to spoon up against me to keep me warm. To hold me tight again, to feel him against me, against my ass.

"Hey, spoon me again." I said quietly. "It's getting too damn cold."

"..S-sure." He said as he sidled up next to me. He placed himself next to me, but was still just a hair's breadth away from touching me.

"Come, on, you got to spoon me better man. I'm still freezing." 

I grabbed his arm and firmly wrapped it around me. Sure enough, that pulled him into me, his chest against my back, his legs against mine, and his hard cock against my ass. He quickly moved his hips back, so that it was no longer touching me.

I simply could not fall asleep. Knowing he was hard for me kept me with a raging erection. I slowed my breathing down and tried to at least feign sleeping. I was curious if he would try anything tonight. I found myself hoping he would.

Sure enough, he placed his cock back against me. The head lightly brushing the top of my ass. Soon, he firmly was pressing it in between my cheeks. It felt so hot! I could feel his every pulse, every heartbeat through my ass. So much better than when I had panties on.

"Cole, are you asleep?" Dillon whispered. 

I tried to stay as silent as I could, and kept up my steady slow breathing. I knew he would likely chicken out if he knew I was still awake. I wanted him to grind my ass, hump me. Just like last night.

He then slowly started to grind his cock between my cheeks. His cock would stick a little on my ass, but then I could feel a slight wetness on my cheeks, and his cock started sliding much easier. He is so horny, he must be leaking pre-cum onto me. That cock driving into me felt so right. Its desire and need to use me as a tool for it's own pleasure. My butt, a willing participant, even if he does not know that.

His arms wrap around me further, using me as leverage to press into me deeper. His shaft slides right against my pucker. Grinding against the surface with his hot, throbbing pole. I shiver slightly at this, and he holds me all the tighter. Keeping his warmth against me, his thrusting shaft firmly sliding in between my cheeks.

Fuck this is hot. I can't believe this is happening again. The feel of his hard flesh against my exposed ass. Never in my life would I have thought that I would not only be in this position, but want this so badly! My own cock is at full mast, bouncing up against me. My erection bounces against my nearby, forgotten hand. My fingers deftly caress my cock head as I'm being humped. Dillons arms are tightly wrapped around my own, making it impossible to move them without alerting him. Unable to truly wrap my hand around my cock, I had to make due with lightly teasing myself while I'm being used like a cheap plastic doll.

Dillon angles his hips back even farther, dragging the tip of his shaft further down between my cheeks. His next thrust hits right against my asshole. My cock throbs wildly, my sphincter tightens and contracts rapidly at the pressure. His shaft is nearly opening me up, but then drags back up and between my cheeks. He nearly got the head of his cock inside me! Dillon's breath is heavy in my ear, straining with his desire to be inside me. He angles back again, going right for by rosebud again. He presses hard against me. The cock that has been teasing me is going to penetrate my ass! My best friend is about to fuck me!

He grabs me, harder than before, and forces his head inside. I tried to relax for it, but it was simply too dry. 

"Fuck!" I yelled, unable to keep from staying silent or still any longer. 

It hurt so much! My asshole felt like it was on fire, stinging and burning. I wanted to feel him inside me so bad, but he was just too eager and didn't use any lube. My own member wilted at the pain.

Dillon froze. He was still wrapped around me, his cock head still just lodged in my ass, but he knew I was awake now. I quickly tried to think of the best way to get him to continue, but could not think of anything to say. So I quietly said what I wanted him to do. 

"Use your spit, and fuck me." 

It took him a bit until he processed what I said. He pulled out, leaving my roughly treated orifice alone from his piercing appendage. His arm that was holding me tight was retracted. I thought for a second that he wasn't going to continue, but his lust must have given in as I heard him spit into his hand. I waited patiently while he prepared himself. Since he seemed new to anal, I thought he may need another tip. 

"Use some on my ass." 

He quickly spat some more, and I soon felt his cool hands on my ass. His finger dove right in between my cheeks, searching for that bud. Once he found it, he worked his finger around and pushed inside. Shit, it feels so much better when it's not my own fingers. I relaxed around his probing finger as much as I could while he prepared me for his cock.

His finger left me abruptly, soon replaced by hot flesh. His arm returned to wrap around me. He pulled me and thrust his cock in at the same time. Without the resistance of a dry hole and cock, his thrust went all the way inside me, right to his balls. I clenched down on his penetrating shaft, the pain returning, though not as severe. Once inside, his cock flexed and jumped around, rubbing all over my insides. 

"Ahh, fuck, shit, oww" I gasped. "Take it slow dipshit".

"..Sorry". He replied meekly. 

He left his cock in me for a moment. I could feel his heartbeat in my very being. Every pulse stretching my hole wider. His cock head swelling inside me, almost like it was breathing. So this is what it's like to have a cock in me. To be a cock sleeve. To be used for his own pleasure. My cock started to respond again, rising up with each pulse. Our heartbeats slowly merged into one. 

My sphincter pulsed, fluttering around his shaft unbiddingly. He took this as a sign to continue. He started sliding his throbbing member out of me, just to thrust back in. The pain slowly faded into unquestionable pleasure. My ass was on fire with desire. Desire for Dillon's cock. Each thrust inside made me clench around him, making the entry all that harder. I started to relax my muscles when he was almost hilted, just to clench once more as he pulled out. I tried my best to relax, and let him have his way with me. It felt so good to be filled, to be bred like a woman, like his woman.

And have his way with me he did. With each thrust into me, he used his arms as leverage, squeezing me against him, and his cock inside me. His hips, clapping up against my butt. The sound of him fucking me filled the night air. With quicker and quicker strokes, he fucked me faster and faster. Soon, he was hammering away at my ass, balls slapping my taint each time.

Dillon's arms wrapped around me even tighter, his chin hooked over my shoulder. He used his entire body to rut into me. I could feel his cock sliding past my entrance each time. It caused me to burn with desire. He starts grunting into my ear. His lust escaping his mouth in heated breaths.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck fuck." He started repeating, like a mantra. "Your ass feels so good Cole. It's so goddamn good!"

"Yeah! Fuck me Dillon, make my ass yours." I moan.

"Goddamn, you're gonna make me cum. You're gonna make me cum in your ass!" He grunts.

"Yes, cum in my ass Dillon, fuck, cum inside me! Give me your seed!" I can't take it anymore. My ass is on fire with pleasure. My body starts lighting up with every nerve, spreading outwards until it reaches the very edges of my body. My muscles all over my body clenched, trying to contain the pressure building up within me.

My breath catches in my throat as my orgasm takes me. My cock throbs hard upwards once, twice, and then a torrent of white jism jettisons outwards across the sand. It feels like every part of my body is pulsing. The overwhelming sound of my pulse is in my ear. My fingers clutching in mid air. My ass milking the shaft buried inside it. My breath comes out in a hard gasp, just to catch once more and be released again.

Dillon clamps his arms down hard on me, ramming his rod home once more into my throbbing hole. He buries himself up to the hilt, and holds me impaled upon him. He lets loose a cry from his mouth, before biting down on my shoulder. The cock inside me swells even larger and larger, and starts pulsing hard. Each pulse stretches my quivering ass even more around his girth. A gradual warmth starts emanating from deep in my core, and spreading lower. His cock starts slightly sliding inside me with each pulse, until my whole ass feels like his cock is even slicker than when he first thrust inside me. 

I melted into the warmth as I rode out the remainder of my own orgasm. My cock gradually shrinks as it pulses less and less. I was now keenly aware of how hot his throbbing cock felt. He must have just came inside of me! I could feel a slight trickle of wetness leave my ass as his own cock slowly reduced in size.

Both of our ragged breathing slowly started to catch up as our orgasms ended. The results of mine were all over the packed sand in front of me. His was deep inside me. Only now as my senses were hyper aware did I notice the smell. It was a thick pungent scent that smelt like a sweaty, burly man after a hard day at work. It smelt like pure, unadulterated, mind-blowing sex.

Dillon's cock soon slipped from my well stretched, and well fucked sphincter. I clenched hard at this, and gradually relaxed, only to feel liquid trickling down my ass cheeks. His body gradually relaxed against mine, releasing me from his vice like grip. I soon did as well, letting his excess cum leak from my claimed orifice.

Soon, I could hear soft snoring in my ear. I reached my hand up to his hand that was draped over me and intertwined our fingers. I wiggled closer to him, pulling him just a little closer, and closed my eyes.

I was beginning to like being stuck here on our little piece of paradise.