  (This is the long awaited sequel to Shocked Into My Place, also on this sight, submitted by me awhile ago under Anonymous).

After Kelly had succeeded in turning me into a cum slut for large black men (in fact, she told me that she caught me dreaming of Alan fucking me with my fingers thrusting into my ass!), my life changed dramatically. My name is Pat, and I am now in my early 30's, and one of 10 VPs at the company I work for.

I was no longer the powerful, intimidating leader at me office, instead submitting to the ideas of others and withdrawing more and more into my office to fantasize about the more powerful men in the office fucking me silly. Although I know it is impossible, I thought I could see in every smile and whisper that they knew I wanted to be fucked like a little slut, and they loved it as I had made a lot of enemies with my ruthless style while climbing the corporate ladder.

Kelly moved in with Alan but was frequently at my apartment with Alan and his friends as they took turns fucking my mouth and ass while watching my huge TV. We also frequently took days off to shop together so we could both look slutty and hot for our men. I could get so hard being humiliated by Kelly and the sales girls at the naughty lingerie shops when Kelly would describe that we were shopping for feminine items for me since I loved to suck and fuck big black cocks….I even sucked a couple of men off in the store once when they overheard and wanted proof.

Alan and his friends expanded my sexual horizons so much. They loved to take me out with them to exclusive clubs and then, in the VIP sections where anything goes, they'd have me suck off guys while Alan and his friends fucked their girlfriends. Mostly these were white couples where the man was established and rich (typically 30-50 years old) with a trophy wife or girlfriend. These men loved to humiliate me, their little whiteboy bitch, and they would often sit around with Alan and his friends commenting what a pussyboy I was for letting them cum in my mouth and on my face and in my hair. Occassionally Alan would let the men take me home to use anyway they wanted while Alan and his friends took their hot wives home for the fucking of their lives. I was always disappointed when this happened…not because I was being used, but because it meant I wouldn't get a big, black cock in my ass!

Kelly stopped by the office from time to time and I would catch her talking with groups of my coworkers or my secretary, Lisa. Lisa was 19, straight out of high school, and beautiful. She had long red hair and fair skin and always dressed sexy to get the attention of the men in the office. She had worked for me for about a year and had to have noticed how the sexual tension that used to exist between us no longer was there, the result of my lack of interest in female companionship. Kelly had grown a friendship with Lisa and they lunched together often. I always wondered if they talked about my pussyboy lifestyle. Kelly was getting more striking every year, it seemed, and the 2 of them would often take my coworkers to lunch for male company.

Often while they were at lunch Kelly would call me on her cell phone and ask if her pussyboy was playing with herself. I would rub my little cock through my pants and tell her I was playing with my clitty. Once when this happened I heard other people laughing at my answer and suspected that Kelly had turned the cell on "speakerphone" …thank goodness they couldn't recognize my little bitch voice as I described to Kelly how I was licking my lips thinking of the cock I would get that night at the club. When they got back from lunch Kelly didn't drop in but Lisa brought some papers by my desk for me to sign and, instead of asking me to sign them like she usually did, she just looked into my eyes with a glare of power and said," Sign these, bitch." When I bowed my head and signed, Lisa ran her hand through my hair and told me, "It's okay, sweetie. We're going to have fun in the office from here on out."

Lisa then told me that she wanted a 20% raise and more time off, or she would tell my coworkers of my other life. I granted her these concessions and found that we developed a relationship like that of girlfriends, often sitting in my closed office recanting our previous nights' sexual conquests or gossiping about which men in the office were really hot. Lisa then had her boyfriend, Tom, interview for an open position under me and, during the interview, walked in and shut the door behind her. When I asked her if she needed anything, she said to me "Shut up, Bitch! I'm here to have Tom fuck me in front of you. We're all going to get naked and Tom is going to see what a little pussyboy bitch you are." 

As we stripped, I noticed 2 things. First, Lisa was even more stunning than I imagined, with great firm little tits and a tight ass. The other thing I noticed is that I was completely ignoring her to look at Tom's 10-inch cock. Tom was nice and tall, about 6'2," sculpted body and model looks. As Lisa and Tom started making out in front of me, rubbing their bodies against one another, Lisa saw me looking at Tom and smiled wickedly. "You'll get to taste parts of Tom soon enough, Slut" she said. She pulled out a bow for my hair, a crotchless thong and lipstick and told me to put them on. As I finished, she pulled out a camera and started taking photos of me, laughing as she did so. 

After snapping about 10 pictures of me, she told me to get on my knees and crawl over to where Tom stood. As I obliged, she laughed and called me a pathetic cumslut. She told me that Tom was the alpha male in the room, and that I needed to do whatever he told me to do. Tom told me to suck his cock. I was shocked at this but then understood that Tom was confident enough in his sexuality that he just considered me another slut. 

I hungrily licked my lips and grabbed his cock in my right hand, rubbing it to get it hard as I licked some precum from the slit. Lisa was now playing with herself with one hand while snapping pictures with the digital camera. I swallowed Tom's huge cock down my throat until I felt his pubic hair against my lips. He was thrusting hard into my mouth and throat while holding my head with both hands….leaving him in control just as I like it. He slammed that great cock into my throat over and over while I played with his balls. I could sense him having trouble holding back and so did he, as he pulled his cock from my mouth and turned around and bent over. I didn't need to be told what to do, because I love eating ass. I licked from his balls back to his glorious asshole, taking time to smell his manly scent. I then licked around the hole to tease him for a while before driving my tongue into his ass.

Lisa was so turned on by this that she came hard on her hand…loud enough that I think we all wondered if any coworkers heard her. She then concentrated on getting close-ups of my ass-eating exploits. Then she dropped the camera and started sucking Tom off while I ate his ass. I didn't like sharing this awesome man but he was her boyfriend, after all, and she could destroy my reputation if I pissed her off. Tom told Lisa he was about to come and she pulled his cock out and spun him to me…a great surprise as I sucked him deep and felt him tense up. He came in buckets in my mouth and even pulled out and blasted my face and hair with a couple spurts (good thing I have a private bathroom with shower!).

Lisa took shot after shot of my used mouth with cum all over and laughed at what a pathetic cumslut I was. I beamed a great smile thinking that I had probably given Tom the best head and ass licking of his life! Tom started to dress but Lisa told him he wasn't done. She led both of us to my bathroom and told me to lie in the tub. She then got the camera ready and told Tom to piss on me. She warned me not to spit any out but to drink all I could catch. I had never had a golden shower and was a little worried about how it would taste. My worry was erased quickly as Tom's stream of piss hit my chest and then went right up to my mouth. I loved the warm feeling, even if it was meant to humiliate me, and drank his salty piss down my throat, only quickly closing my lips to swallow every few seconds.

I was covered in piss as Tom stopped his flow and Lisa then handed the camera to Tom and said, "My turn." She bent over me and unleashed another strong stream of piss directly into my mouth. She must have been drinking a lot of water, because the piss wasn't nearly as strong as Tom's, and there was a lot of it. Lisa then told me, "I know you must have to piss. Just piss on yourself while I shoot some pictures, Pissboy." I did as I was told and unleashed a torrent of piss on myself, adding it to the piss from Lisa and Tom already collecting in the tub.

Lisa then surprised me by handing me a big, black dildo and some lube and telling me to fuck it while she and Tom watched. "I want to see your little bitch-ass take the big cock now since I won't get to see a live dick in you until tonight." I asked her what she meant by tonight and she explained that Kelly invited her to come out with us and Alan and his friends to the VIP section of the local hot club. Lisa then added, "Kelly also told me that I was to bring a man from the office to see you in action." I was stunned and should have immediately thought of my reputation but, being a little cockslut, I could only think about getting the dildo into my ass.

I lubed it and then fastened the suction cup to the bottom of the tub and lowered my ass onto the 7-8 inch cock. I am used to much bigger and thicker and really attacked the smaller cock. Lisa asked Tom what he thought of the show and he said he was shocked a man could be such a pussyboy slut. Lisa then reminded him, "He is not a man, silly. He is a pathetic little faggot cumslut, and some lucky man from this office is going to fuck his ass off tonight." That last line threw me over the top and my little cock spurted a small stream of cum as my ass clenched the dildo. Lisa laughed hard at seeing this and looked directly at me. "Looks like we might have the making of a new office slut here!" If it was possible, I would have cum again hearing that!!!!