 This is my first story submission, so please leave lots of feedback but please play nice.

There's kind of a innocent sex scene, but no hardcore stuff. I'm working on that for later chapters. So if you don't want to wait, skip this, or at least don't flame me for it.

These characters and stories are mine. Any resemblance to actual people or events is incidental.





Names are hard when you are four, especially on the first day of kindergarden. 

"I don't remember your name," he declared. 

Scuffing his He-Man tennis shoes on the gravel that covered the ground beneath the metal poles of the monkey bars, he said, "I don't remember your name either."

"I'm Michael Patrick Carlin," Michael said.

"I'm Kieran William Lee," Kieran said.

And that cemented their friendship. See? Kindergarden is easy.

* * * *

"Wild women do and they don't forget it!" 

It was Thanksgiving again and the kids had been relegated to the "kids' table" in the kitchen. Thankfully for the adults there was a door partitioning the kitchen from the dining room. They didn't have to listen to Kieran, his older sister, and Michael and his sisters –one younger and one older than the boys– as they belted out tracks from the "Pretty Woman" soundtrack, using carrot sticks with black olives stuck on top of them for microphones.

Kieran's and Michael's mothers had become fast friends, which had extended to the rest of their families. Thanksgiving was at Kieran's house, and Kieran's dad made them all "special" hot chocolate after the annual school Christmas play. The adults' hot chocolate was a little more "special" than the kids.' Christmas eve and Easter were spent together at Michael's house. And over the course of years there were hundreds of little family events (and some big ones) that the each other family were invited to as extended family. 

But still grade school was a little harder than kindergarden, as the normal course of things tend to be. Kieran and Michael attended the same Catholic grade school they had started in kindergarden. It was small school, each grade having only one class that stayed together K through 8th grade. Michael was a focused and determined kid even then. He knew he wasn't the smartest kid in the class but his consistency carried him through with B's and the occasional A thrown in. 

Kieran on the other hand was all over the board. He was one of the smartest kids in the class. He always tested in the 99th percentile in standardized testing. He always got A's on the tests for regular subjects too, which allowed him to scrape by. But everything else was up and down. He was that kid that teacher's were always saying "if he would only apply himself" about. But he never remembered his homework, and everything was so distracting. If he wasn't in trouble for talking then the teacher was trying to call his attention back to class from his daydreams gazing out the window. Classes bored him. He passed the time by reading ahead in all his school books or anything else he could get his hands on while the teacher droned on about something else.

It wasn't just in school either. His coaches in baseball and soccer were equally frustrated by his lighting fast changes between hyper-focus and distraction. He was like that nursery rhyme: "There once was a girl with a curl right in the middle of her forehead. When she was good, she was very, very good. And we she was bad she was ...." Well, Kieran wasn't horrid, but certainly frustrating to all the adults around him, and a good portion of his classmates too. He also had some talent as an artist and took painting lessons from a local artist. Again it was up and down. On some days he spent the entire afternoon just laying out paint in what he felt was the correct way on his palette. Again, he was "such a talented kid, if only he would apply himself."

* * * *

Kieran rushed into physics just before Mr. Payne closed the door and the final bell rang. He made it to his desk without dropping any of the many things he was juggling. There were the expected: physics book, notebook, pens, and then there were the other various things that made up his morning. The bottle of Coke that was his breakfast; he carefully put that on the floor out of kicking range since they weren't supposed to have food or drink in the classroom. The collared shirt that pretty much the only rule of their dress code –top two buttons must be buttoned. Though when guys did only that, they pretty much just looked like morons with capes on, he thought. He began to slip his shirt on and button it as soon as he sat down. At least today he had gotten his shoes on before class. They were always really awkward to carry and people looked at him weird when he ran in in just his socks. Today he'd been able to get his shoelaces tied at the red lights on the way to school.

In trying to organize the whirlwind he had brought in with him, Kieran had missed what Mr. Payne had been saying to the class. He winced as everyone else began to turn in their homework. He had forgotten. Again.

Finally physics came to an end. Kieran ducked his head down, avoided eye contact, and filed out the door with the rest of the class, though at 6'1" and with the exotic looks that came from him being Chinese and happa haole (half-white), as the Hawaiians called it, his attempts to be inconspicuous failed. 

He headed for the computer lab. There he could just do mindless surfing on the internet, or maybe try to finish that paper that was due sixth block. Either way no one was going to bother him there. 

The five minute bell rang for the next class. Kieran didn't notice, shutting the world out as he surfed through the drivel on the screen in front of him. Krista showed up at the door to the lab. "Hi Mr. Hurst," she said to the teacher sitting at the desk at the front of the lab. 

"Kieran." Krista said as she walked down the two rows of computers. "Come on; we got to go to class."

Kieran looked up, closed out of the window he was looking at and obediently followed her to his classroom. Having dropped him off, she said "I'll see you later at break, okay?" and kept walking down the hallway to her own classroom.

Spanish was a blur. Kieran knew he knew the words, but they just wouldn't come to him when he needed them. He had a book of Spanish language fairytales that were first written in Spanish and then were then translated into English. That, the reading, was easier. He noticed class was over because everyone else was getting up out of their seats. He followed. At the door Sean was waiting for him. If Kieran had to think about it, he was pretty sure his next class was downstairs, but trying to lift himself out of this daze was just too hard, and he was so tired. So Sean got him where he needed to go.

His friends were managing him. When he looked back on it later as an adult, he didn't realize he had so many friends, friends who worried and cared about him. He didn't know if it had happened spontaneously or if there had been a pow-wow, but his zombie-like state had become apparent enough that his friends were taking turns shuttling his shambling corpse from class to class.



Then one night Michael dropped over to Kieran's house. He hadn't been one of the contingent helping steer Kieran from class to class but Kieran found out later that Michael had talked to Sean about how worried they both were for him. Michael didn't know what he could do but he knew his friend was struggling and just wanted to be there for him. And Kieran's house was like Michael's second home. 

If Kieran had had room for emotion, he would have been surprised to see Michael on his doorstep. It seemed like he rarely saw Michael anymore outside of when their families gathered. The groups they travelled in at school had become so different. Kieran didn't think that most of Michael's friends even knew that he and Michael knew each other, let alone that their families considered each other extended family. 

At first they just sat on the couch together, the t.v. on low. Then, with Michael's comforting presence beside him, Kieran began to talk. At first haltingly, but then it seemed like he couldn't stop. Eventually it was all to much. First the tears were quiet, just running hotly down his cheeks as he spoke. Then his breath began to hitch, and eventually he couldn't hold it back anymore. He struggled not to hyperventilate but Michael was there to calm him. 

Finally, Kieran had cried himself out. Life was so hard to concentrate on right now. Sometimes it seemed to race so fast it left him spinning and confused. And sometimes it moved so slow it seemed like every breath, every tick of the clock was an eternity.

But he was here now with Michael. Kieran had his head on Michael's shoulder feeling hollow and empty after the storm of emotions had emptied themselves out in tears and sobs. He was safe with Michael. Michael had his arm around him and was drawing little calming circles up and down his back in a soothing motion. Michael tipped his head down to rest gently on Kieran's and drew him closer into his chest. Kieran heaved a big sigh of contentment. Michael had him and he was safe, even from the storms of his own mind.

And they stayed in that calm. It could have been minutes; it could have been hours, but Kieran finally raised his head from Michael's shoulder. They were so close. Laying there together, their breath had settled into the same rhythm, their hearts beating together, and as they looked into each other's eyes, that didn't change. They were so close. And then slowly, and oh so gently, their lips touched. 

And their eyes closed. Still in locked in the same rhythm, everything they were to each other became crashed together in that kiss. 

The kiss roughened. Their lips demanded more. The kiss went from a gentle "I'm here for you" to an "I need you" type of desperation.

Michael slide his hand up Kieran's neck and ran his hand through Kieran's dark hair, cradling Kieran's head. They both moved to their knees on the couch, their bodies pressed against each other, still kissing as if it were the only air they could breathe. 

They didn't know who did it first, ran their tongue along the other's bottom lip, but the twin moans that followed opened their mouths and brought their tongues together. Kieran's hand cupped Michael's jaw, drawing him in, holding him place as fire ran through their bodies. To Kieran it felt like this was the first thing he could really feel in he didn't know how long.

Moans began to fill the room as more than their lips and tongues became intertwined. Michael's free hand slid up Kieran's t-shirt just enough to reach his lower back and press their bodies even closer together. And from there their 18 year-old hormones took care of the rest as they began to grind against each other's bodies through the confines of their jeans.

"God!" Michael said, tearing his lips away from Kieran's as he threw his head back and exposed his throat to Kieran. Loving that he could get his usually straight-laced friend to respond like that, Kieran took the opportunity to slide his thigh between Michael's and purposefully ground his friend's growing cock against him. 

Moaning, Michael drew his head back down to look in Kieran's eyes. Even as he continued to rub his jean clad thigh against his friend's cock, Kieran gave him a mischievous "Who me?" look. Michael's blue eyes narrowed to slits. He dropped his hand down from Kieran's hair to the couch underneath them. He held himself above Kieran as Michael's other hand gripped Kieran's lower back pulled him down underneath Michael.

Kieran's eyes widened as Michael insinuated his thigh between Kieran's straining jeans and began a slow writhing tease against the thick erection Michael could feel down the leg of Kieran's pants. Pausing to grab the hem of Kieran's t-shirt and roughly pull it over his head, Michael began anew the assault upon Kieran's mouth, using lips, teeth and tongue.

"Fuuucccckk...." Kieran moaned into Michael's mouth. Unthinkingly he had slid his hands up under Michael's shirt, pulling Michael closer to him. When Michael circled his hips in a way that increased the friction on both their cocks, a gasp of air exploded out of Kieran and he dug his fingernails into Michael's back just below his shoulder blades. Something between a gasp and a moan escaped Michael and his back arched involuntarily as those points of pain sent shivers of pleasure down his body.

First the quiet intimacy and now this explosion of passion. It was too overwhelming for two largely inexperienced boys. Hearts racing, breathing becoming ragged as they writhed against each other instinctively reaching for that precipice that explodes into pleasure. Kieran got there first. Gasping and clutching Michael to him, time seemed to hang meaningless in the ecstasy. He drug his nails down Michael's back. The painful pleasure pulled Michael over the edge, and, dropping his head to Kieran's shoulder, he gave himself over to the pleasure.

Exhausted, still feeling feeling outside of time, the boys stayed as they lay, letting sleep take them. Again, even against the whirlwind of physical passion, they were wrapped in the calm of comfort, safety, and love.

Eventually, during the night, they each woke at different times, got up and cleaned themselves, then returned to the comfort of their friend's arms.

In the morning they said nothing. Their shy, slightly wry, smiles said enough for the two who had been friends for nearly 13 years. It had been a moment out of time and their everyday lives. They shared one chaste kiss, then untangled themselves from each other's arms. Then it was Kieran's mom's Saturday morning waffles as usual. 

* * * *

Kieran took one last glace in the mirror. He saw what he usually saw. Dark brown hair that his mother's Irish blood had lightened from his Chinese father's black. It had a slight wave to it. Thanks again Mom, he thought. Even close cropped the wave gave it a perpetually tousled look. His skin always had a natural sun-kissed look, even in winter, but surfing had tanned him slightly darker. His broad shoulders tapered down into narrow hips. His body put on muscle easily but he favored a leaner look on his broad frame, so, even though anaerobic, power-lifting type workouts were really what he enjoyed, he kept those to a minimum so as not to bulk up too much. He mostly ran or biked with some ab and shoulder work thrown in with light free weights. He usually stayed around the 210 lbs. mark, and at 6'2" and with his broad shoulders, he had the body to carry it. Not bad for 31, he thought.

He was a little nervous. Their tenth high school reunion had been several years ago and since he hadn't really kept in touch with anyone he didn't know anyone who had gone. He knew Michael hadn't gone because he was still in Boston. Still in the middle of everything with James, Michael thought, feeling a pang of sadness. A year and a half ago Michael's partner of four years had died suddenly of a brain aneurysm at age 31. He was so young. They had everything in front of them.

He felt another pang. This time it was tinged with guilt. He had thought he had had everything ahead of him with Kelly. He had been wrong, and her betrayal still stung, though as time went by the pain had been less sharp. He did feel guilty though. How could he compare his loosing Kelly because of her own actions and the chaos that she had created in his life to Michael tragically loosing James so suddenly in what should have been the prime of their lives?

Kieran shook himself, mentally and physically. Back to the task at hand, he thought. He continued to look at himself critically in the mirror. He wanted to appear casual, but still look nice. The dove gray t-shirt he had on clung just slightly to the upper part of his chest. He wore a pair a comfortable jeans that fit him through the waist and hugged the top of his ass and thighs before loosening up. Finding a pair of jeans that fit his narrow waist yet still allowed enough room for his muscular glutes and thighs could be something of a challenge. Peasant genes, Kieran thought grinning to himself.

Okay. Whatever. He was done. Did he care what these people thought of him? Well, kind of, yeah. But again, whatever. In the grand scheme, it didn't matter. And Michael would be there. They had only kept in touch sporadicly once Michael had moved to Boston. Kieran had seen the rest of his family much more often. But he and Michael had always been able to settle back into conversation, were interested in each other's lives, their families' lives, and everything in between. If nothing else, Michael would be Kieran's lifeline to talk to.

Okay. He was off. Grade school/high school reunion here I come.

The first person Kieran saw was Colleen. She was the one who had organized this thing. This grade school/high school reunion. It was a reunion of kids who had been in their St. Joseph's grade school class and had also graduated from San Jose Catholic High School together. 

"Kieran!" Colleen said. "I'm so glad you made it!"

Colleen's enthusiasm was infectious and Kieran smiled at her. Maybe this won't be so bad after all, he thought, relaxing a little. 

"How are you?" Kieran said, genuinely interested and reached out to give her a quick hug.

"Really good," she said, hugging him back. "I put this whole shindig together 'cause I'm leaving for Virginia for a research position there."

Kieran knew through the gossip chain made up of their church and the grade school parents that Colleen had finished her PhD in Biochemistry a year or two ago.

"I didn't really see anyone at the reunion so I decided we should just get some of the St. Joseph kids together and gossip and catch up," she continued. She leaned in towards Kieran and in a stage whisper said: "I really only went to the reunion so I could go around telling people that I was a doctor."

Kieran laughed. He had forgotten how much fun Colleen could be. Like Kieran and Michael, most of the St. Joseph kids had scattered and found their own groups of kids to hangout with once they reached San Jose, the high school. If Kieran remembered right, Colleen had been in Company –the school's theater group– but on crew not acting.

There ended up being about eight people who showed up. Not bad, thought Kieran, since the pool of kids who had attended both schools wasn't that large. For most of the night he'd been engaged in conversation with people he hadn't seen in, well, ten years or so. Michael showed up about halfway through. Kieran met his eyes and did the guy head nod thing but he was involved in a conversation with another of their classmates and continued talking.

By the time the whole thing had slowed down, Kieran still hadn't talked to Michael. The whole thing hadn't turned out to be the torture that Kieran had envisioned. Mostly everyone was cool, talking about the now in their lives or bringing up funny anecdotes about teachers and classmates from their childhoods. Kieran was grateful only one of them brought up his ups and downs and behavior from the past, but then Anna always had been a bitch. Mikey (one of the five Michaels who had been in their class of 40) had shut her down cold, for which he was grateful.

When there were only a couple of people lingering, Kieran felt a hand clap him on the shoulder. He turned and saw Michael. "Want to get out of here and grab a drink?" he said.

It was a little amusing, since they were already in a bar but Kieran nodded. They waved and hugged their goodbyes and headed out.

Tria was a funky little wine bar. It tended to be crazy busy on the weekends, but on a Tuesday night it was a chill place to sit back and talk. Enjoying the nice night, they chose patio seating. The server brought their wine and a charcuterie plate quickly.
