 Phil was sitting alone on a nudist beach and just about to pack up and head home because the beach was deserted. He had driven over a hundred miles to get to this place and he was very disappointed. Instead of wall to wall cocks and beefy butts all he saw was empty sand and pounding surf.

Suddenly, as if out of nowhere, three stocky guys appeared and looked like they had just stepped straight out of Phil's fantasy. All three of them were wearing T-shirt's with nothing down below so his eyes were immediately drawn to their manly packages. And what a display that was! All three had big, beefy balls with average sized uncut cocks that were of such perfection that Phil could feel his saliva start to flow. He tried to look away but damn it, he just could not. The one stud had really sun-bleached blond hair while another had the most amazing red hair that Phil had ever seen and the third dude had jet black hair that was really thick and seemed to just shine with rude good health. Poor Phil didn't know which man to lust after first or indeed which part of the man's body to drink in most greedily. They were all handsome in a rugged, guy next door kind of way and on a good day just the sight of those three beautiful, masculine faces could have got Phil creaming the sheets. But this was an exceptional day. 

The blond guy had just a few silky wisps of hair swirling around the base of his cock while the red head had the most amazingly ginger bush Phil had ever seen. It was the stuff of his dreams, like crinkly fire down on the man's loins. And as for that pale, pale cock and those fat red balls well, Phil's cock liked what it saw and soon rose up to its full ten inches. And he hadn't even got done with taking in the dark haired dude yet. He had a massive bush of the kind that you just knew was full of heavenly man-scent and his dark cock and balls contrasted with his strong, pale thighs. They too were covered in a jungle of dark fur and Phil's hands itched to stroke up those tree trunks of masculine power. The guys walked past, noticed Phil's massive cock waving in the breeze and smiled.

'You all alone fella?' the dark haired stud asked.

'Yes.' gulped Phil.

'Why don't you come sit with us, then?' came the invite that was music to his ears.

Phil got up and tried to hide his ten inch war club with his hands but it was a waste of time. The red-head gently brushed Phil's hands away.

'I hope you've got enough juice in your tank to take care of three hungry bums.' the blond said.

Phil just about fainted. He couldn't remember a time when he had been so dazed with lust. He allowed himself to be maneuvered onto the beach blanket that they had spread on the sand and now he was surrounded by the trio of his dreams. Six hands roamed over his twenty three year old body that was taut, slender and hungry for love. He had hoped to be the one exploring the stocky stud's bodies, sliding his hands up their thighs and onto their beer-fed furry bellies, pinching their fat nipples and sucking their juicy cocks but the older studs had other ideas. He moaned as those six hands stroked, pinched, caressed and slithered over his super sensitive flesh. He could feel his precum being smeared around his fat mushroom cap and it felt incredibly good as it cooled in the breeze. A hand had slid between his tight cheeks and a finger was now testing the defenses of his tight little bumhole. Phil moaned, spread his legs and surrender to a bunch of cock hungry bears that were keen on worshipping at the altar of youth. A warm mouth closed around his hard, throbbing cock while another started to lick through the glade of his crack and teased its way into his wanting hole.

Warm, strong hands played up his flat, smooth belly and onto his well developed chest. Fingers gently tweaked his tiny nubs and he sighed as pleasure shot through his body, seeming to reverberate and intensify as it did so. His whole body was one large sexual organ; he felt like a giant cock being licked to explosion or a massive butthole receiving an army of men all at once. His brain was confused and over stimulated. What sensation was he to concentrate on? The probing tongue that electrified his asshole, the warm mouth milking his hungry rod, the soft, sexy lips that were now fastened to his and engaging him in the horniest kiss he had ever known or those hands that roamed everywhere, touched everything and turned him on so bad that for a moment he thought he might actually die of ecstasy? These three stocky studs certainly knew how to please a young man like Phil but they were experienced enough to read the signs and so they came off of him now and the blonde dude lay down on the blanket and offered his smooth, tanned man-pillow to Phil.

Phil's lust went into overdrive as he parted those fleshy cheeks and found himself gazing at a large, brown pucker. It was a work of art, worthy of being painted and hung on the wall. He had driven a long, long way from the little town he lived in to have a taste of this and he knew it was going to be worth it. His face fell into the blonde's meaty crack and Phil went into a feeding frenzy, grunting and groaning as he ate out the hot stud's magnificent arse. The way the big guy was bucking against him Phil knew that he must be doing something right; it made him feel really proud that he could return some of the pleasure that he had been given. Phil could feel his hips being pulled into a kneeling position and soon a hand had fastened itself around his cock while a tongue drilled its way into his bunghole. Once more he was on the cusp of explosion; these men were just providing way too much sensation, way more than a twenty three year old knew how to handle. His cock was sending signals to his brain; it knew what it wanted and it had to be obeyed.

Pulling free of the hungry tongue and confident hand he turned around and asked the dark haired guy if he had any lube. A jumbo sized bottle of the stuff was produced and Phil just hoped that he was able to take care of all their hunger. With trembling fingers he pushed some lube into the blonde's tight hole. Damn did that feel good! So warm and tight and all the more delicious for this being a total stranger's slut hole that he was feeling up on a beach in full daylight. He was shaking off his little town blues and cocking his way into the cosmopolitan world that he suspected existed out there. Resisting the urge of bury his bone in the blonde's meaty rum Phil told the dark haired stud and the red-head to get down on their knees. Quick as a flash they had their big butts up in the air. Phil scooted over to the dark haired stud first. He had the hairiest crack that Phil had ever seen, including all the asses he had lusted over on the internet, and the sight of all that dark fur swirling over that pale flesh just about got him pumping seed right there and then. He sniffed that horny crack like a dog sniffing a bitch and he could feel his cock grow ever harder. He had never believed in pheromones but now they were proving their existence and power. Now his tongue had to fight through that jungle of fur to get at this sexy bear's love knot that had bewitched his senses. And it was worth the battle; the dark haired stud's asshole was just as beautiful as the blonde's but in a more ball grabbing way. It was loose and puffy and just seemed to melt as Phil's invading tongue pressed home.

Phil had to tear himself away from the dark haired stud's magnificent mangina before he lost control. And now he went over to the man that made his pulse race the hardest. The dude's beefy ass was quite simply the best thing Phil had ever known. It was covered in very fine, almost blond hairs and consisted of a muscular base overlain with a soft sheen of plumptitude. He parted those satiny mounds and lust hit him right between the eyes. There lay the prettiest, reddest like rosebud that Phil could ever wish for bracketed by a flicker of ginger fuzz. It was a sight to revive the impotent and Phil was torn between just staring at it and devouring it like it was the last meal left on earth. In the end his instincts took over and he rimmed that sweet ass until the owner warned that he was close to busting a nut. 

Phil went back to the blond now, who lay there with his glistening, lubed and primed ass. After rubbing a dollop of lube onto his fat cockhead Phil positioned himself between the blonde's legs and pushed home. The ecstasy of warm assguts enveloping his cock made Phil cry out loud, his cries matching those of the blond as he received what he had been longing for. The young stud sure had the inches but the blond wondered if he knew what to do with them. He was not disappointed as Phil stated to thrust about in his ass using every technique he had ever experienced, read about and dreamed about. This hot stud's ass was just so amazing Phil wasn't sure how he was going to be able to go the distance and reluctantly he knew he had to withdraw. Moving over to the dark haired stud he slipped his cock into that loose asshole that welcomed him with a silky embrace. The big guy moaned as Phil fed him all ten inches of that love wand and started to thrust about with an accomplished skill. But all too soon Phil felt that all too familiar sensation in his lower belly, cock and balls and so he had to withdraw.

The red-head stallion was a surprise. As soon as Phil's hard cock started to slide up his chute he grew really vocal and demanding, milking Phil's cock with a vice like grip. The young stud was shocked to hear the stream of filth flowing from his lover's mouth and delighted by whatever it was he was doing with his asshole. He wasn't even sure what it was; how the hell could a man's asshole control a cock like that. And poor Phil knew that if he stayed a minute longer in the powerful ass he would explode so he reluctantly withdrew and stuck it to the blonde again. On and on he fucked, trying to please all three men equally and getting nowhere fast. The sun on his back and the cooling breeze over his sweaty buttcrack felt really good. His poor little balls had almost disappeared up into his body. Endorphins washed through his body and he was left wondering if this was all a dream. But as he stroked and poked, and huffed and puffed, and listened to the horny groans escaping the lips of his three shirtcocking studs he knew that, despite the improbability of it all, this was real. Today he had been made a man! He was a raging stallion, taming the hunger of these three beefy brutes whose chunky arses had offered him the most man-fun he had ever known. But it couldn't last, his brains and his nerves and his heart would not stand for it.

Phil quickly scooted over to claim his prize and sank his leaking cock into the red-headed spicy slut hole. Once more he experienced the amazing power that this man seemed to posses deep in his asshole. Once more the red-heads' lust had polluted his mouth as he begged Phil to fuck him into the sand. As Phil's feet started to tingle he was happy to oblige. Whipping that ten inch man sword all the way out of that hungry hole he slammed it back in again and this time the brakes were off. It was as if a cloud had come over the sun, as if all sound in the world was muted; Phil was dazed and confuse for a second or two before he recognized the magic that was happening to him. He threw back his head and bellowed as his red hot jizz blasted out of his pulsing cock and deep into the red head's well used ass.

After watching the three horny men fuck each other to climax Phil enjoyed a group hug with them before packing up and heading back to his little town safe in the knowledge that his horny shirtcockers would live on in his mind forever more. 

Daniel Blue