 Hey all. Thanks for the feedback and encouragement for the first chapter. I really appreciate it.

I write from a outline that plans out my story arc which means that I don't always write chronologically, so I'm not sure how long it will take between some chapters. 

This short and kind of silly but I thought I'd post it anyway because it continues to let you get to know the two main characters you've met so far. Hope you have as much fun reading it as I had writing it. 

*

"Home sweet home," Kieran said pushing the door open. He headed to the kitchen, first stopping to let in his dog, Petunia, in. "Beer or wine?"

"Beer."

Michael looked around the small two bedroom house. "You didn't stray far from home," he observed. "The commute into Oakland everyday must be a bitch."

"It is but I stayed on this side of the tunnel so I could have a big yard for 'Tunie. And I like where I work. Most drug treatment centers are abstinence-only. Bonita House works with a harm reduction model. The commute is worth it." 

Kieran returned from the kitchen with a bottle of Milagro Anejo and two old fashioned glasses instead of beer. Michael raised an eyebrow at him. Kieran shrugged and poured them both a finger of the tequila.

"I figured we both could use something a little stronger. I almost never drink it anymore but it's still my choice of poison when I'm just overloaded. You look like you could use it."

"That bad, huh?"

"Stop being a baby and just take it," Kieran said handing Michael a glass. 

Michael took it and raised it to Kieran in a salute. 

"Left hand closest to your heart," Kieran said automaticlly. Michael smiled as he remembered Kieran's grandfather's saying and switched his glass from his right hand to his left. He saluted Kieran again, this time with the hand closest to his heart, and Kieran raised his glass in return.

Several glasses in and there was a lull in the conversation. They had caught each other up on news about their families. Michael had been telling about where he was living in the City and about his new job with a firm there. 

They were both slouched on the couch and nursing their drinks. Kieran was watching his friend. Relaxed by the tequila, some of the stress lines had smoothed out in his face. It was a good face. He was considered black Irish with clear blue eyes and hair of the very darkest brown. It was cut more conservatively than Kieran's, but then Michael was a CPA, Kieran a alcohol and drug addiction counselor; made sense. He had high cheekbones and a dimple on the left side when he smiled. Kieran hoped to see that smile more often than he had recently. Michael was almost as tall as Kieran. About 6' to Kieran's 6'2." He was slighter in build than Kieran; narrower through the shoulders with long lean muscles of a long distance runner. Again, made sense, Kieran knew Michael had ran some half-marathons and one or two full marathons.

Michael saw Kieran watching him. Since they left the restaurant they'd avoided any sensitive topics, but the drinks loosened both their tongues.

"So how are you doing?" Michael asked Kieran. It seemed to be a general opening, but Kieran knew what Michael was referring to.

Kieran thought about it before answering. "For the most part okay. My meds are pretty stable now." 

During Kieran's sophomore year of college he had been diagnosed as bipolar. It explained the crippling depression he had experienced in high school. But being diagnosed had just been the beginning of a ever-shifting cocktail of meds, continuing depression, mania--most often dysphoric manias--and ever changing diagnoses from Bipolar II to Bipolar I that were alternatively labeled with catatonic features, ultra-rapid cycling, seasonal affective disorder, and a variety of anxiety disorders.

"I'm working with a new doctor; we're trying to even out some of my meds so that I can go down on the high dosage meds that I'm really dependent on right now." He shrugged. "Always a work in progress. But finally a fairly stable one."

"And about Kelly?" Michael prompted, knowing he was treading on a touchy subject.

"That's well and over," Kieran said. "It fucked me up for a long time. Now that I'm healthier, looking back, our whole relationship was one big mind fuck, but at the time I thought she was the one I was going to spend the rest of my life with. Since I wasn't the most stable while I was in a relationship with her, her breaking up with me by having her other boyfriend facebook me about their relationship didn't leave me in the best condition." He stopped to take a gulp of his drink and poured himself another.

"Fan-fucking-tastic, that was. I usually run towards depression, but I had some pretty crazy manic swings there." 

He paused, cocked his head slightly to the side. "As a random side note, I also got a bad cold and learned that any cold pills that you have to get from behind the pharmacy counter can make you manic. Like purely flying crazy high manic." Another pause. "Can we talk about something else?"

Michael's drink was down. Kieran poured him some more and they both sat back again, silent.

Kieran was starting to feel comfortably warm and sleepy, his drink starting to tip in his hand, when Michael spoke abruptly.

"You were my first, you know."

"What?" Kieran said, his alcohol soaked brain slow to catch up.

Michael repeated himself: "You were my first."

Kieran figured out what he was talking about. "But you dated other guys," he said.

"Yeah, I did, but it was high school dating. Still figuring things out. And the guys I had dated up until that point? I hadn't figured things out that far yet, hadn't wanted to with them."

Kieran thought about this. Finally he said, "Well, you were my first guy too." Michael turned his head and looked at him. Truth, his eyes said. "Fine, you were my first anyone too. I had dated girls the way you had dated guys." Feeling mature, Kieran stuck his tongue out at Michael. Michael laughed.

They were quiet again. Then Michael thought of something. He leaned over and looked at Kieran through slightly bleary eyes. "Wait, you said I was your first guy. So there was another one?" To Michael's knowledge Kieran had always dated women.

"Maybe." Kieran had a smile secretive smile on his face. The alcohol in his system made the smile not quite as sly as he thought.

"Oh come on! After making me drink this much tequila you are required to spill." At this point Michael gestured with his drink and sloshed some of it over the side of the glass at the same time as he said "spill." Not noticing he continued on, "And make it the whole story, not just a one word or one sentence answer," he said pointing a finger at Kieran.

Kieran heaved a big dramatic put upon sigh. "Fine. Whole story." Kieran shook his head, preparing. Maybe not the best idea because the room continued to weave back and forth for a bit. 

"Okay. So every once in a while I'd find myself attracted to a guy. And I noticed I had a type; the guys I were attracted to --and there were only two or three-- were all pretty similar. Which is weird because I don't really have a type for women; I've dated and been attracted to all types of women." Kieran paused and took a sip of his drink. Michael looked impatient.

"So anyway, I thought I might be bi. So I had this girl I was dating in college who wanted to try a threesome. If it had been a serious relationship I never would have agreed but as it stood I said okay. So she enlisted the help of a friend who definitely knew he was bi."

Michael couldn't help it. He jumped ahead. "So how was it?" Michael had to admit that drunk him thought that Kieran doing fun things with another man was hot.

Kieran laughed, drunk him was finding Michael's reaction really funny. "With him? Great. With her? Not so much. I think she thought she was going to be the center of all the attention but it didn't quite work out that way." Kieran laughed again. 

"I enjoyed myself, but I also figured out that it's women I'm interested in. With the exception of the occasional passing attraction, --which since I've never acted on I don't know how that would work out-- it's women I like. It was fun but it pretty much had me deciding that it is women that I'm attracted to and want relationships with. I'm heterosexual, not bi."

Michael tried to restrain himself but couldn't. "Alright, fine, but I have to know the gory details about your little 'adventure.'"

Kieran tried again to look put upon but couldn't quite manage it since he was trying not to give into fits of laughter. He hid his twitching lips behind his glass as he took another sip.

"Okay," Michael said, "If you're not going to tell me, we'll just have to do a checklist."

"Oral?"

"Yes"

"Give or receive?"

"Both." Kieran could feel a case of the giggles coming on.

"Um, how do I put this?" Michael mused. "Prostrate exam?" he said wiggling his fingers.

"Yes." Kieran's fit of the giggles was getting worse.

"You know," Michael said mock seriously, "If you just answer yes to every question and make me ask a follow up question every time this is going to take a very long time."

"Give or receive?" Kieran was still trying to hold in the giggles; his whole body was shaking.

"Both."

"Rimming."

"Receive."

"Anal"

"Yes," Kieran said, just to fuck with Michael force him to ask the second question. The giggles had struck. At this point tears were starting to run down Kieran's face. Maybe it was all the alcohol that was making this so funny.

Michael looked down his nose at his friend who seemed to have been reduced to giggling jelly. He tried to muster up all the seriousness he could manage but really, Kieran's hilarity was infectious. "Pitching or catching?" 

At this point, Kieran rolled off the couch, fell on the floor and howled with laughter.

Michael tapped a toe in mock impatience. Since Michael was still sitting on the couch and Kieran was on the floor, Michael's toe was right about even with Kieran's nose. 

"B-b-both," Kieran managed to gasp out.

Michael prodded Kieran with the aforementioned toe to no effect. What did have an effect was an excited Petunia who thought her master had gotten down on the floor to play with her. The eighty pound Chesapeake Bay Retriever that Kieran had rescued wriggled her body up against him and shoved her wet nose into his face.

"Argh! Tunie! No!" said Kieran popping up from a prone position to sit, leaning his back against the bottom of the couch. This didn't help matters much as Tunie just tried to climb onto his lap. "Ack! Tunie! Out! Off!" Kieran said laughing, pushing her away and petting her at the same time. This time he heaved himself back onto the couch. Tunie knew she wasn't allowed up there, so she shoved her head in his lap, big eyes begging to be petted. Kieran obliged, rubbing her ears and leaning down to talk to her nose to nose.

Michael watched, amused. "You know, if you save whispering all your sweet nothings for your dog, no wonder you don't have a girlfriend."

"Your just jealous that I have someone to snuggle up with at night." 

Michael got a faraway look in his eyes. "Yeah, I kinda am."

"Well, at least you avoid the shedding."