 Mmmmmm...what can I say, I'm in love with Derek. His body, his protective nature, his quiet side when we're alone (we even cuddle) and, of course, his awesome cock that fills me up several times per day. He told me he was sorry for pimping me out at the bar and fucking that little tramp, and I loved that he loved me enough to apologize!

Derek has since moved in with me and we have such a fun life. While I still hang out with, and fuck, Alan and his friends occasionally, I have not seen them as often as Derek and I have done more "couple" activities. As much as I love sucking and taking my lover's cock at home though, I'll still always be a little cockslut that loves to be used in public, and all my men know that.

We have company over quite often, the usual gang. Kelly loves to visit with Alan and they swap so Alan can fuck me so hard and rough...I'll always be his little bitch since he broke me. This last weekend, after an awesome fuck session, Kelly and I were licking the cum off of and out of each other while our men chatted, and the guys came up with some interesting ideas.

Alan said to Derek, "I hope you're not getting too close to that slut. Remember, this is just fun for us, fucking these white sluts, and you shouldn't get attached. We'll be dropping or selling these ho's off soon enough and getting new ones. Even the little faggot, Patty."

Derek, who I had come to love, stated back, "Don't worry Bra. I've been thinking about that and how I can make some money off his bitch ass. I'm thinking about a porn website where you pay to watch this little prideless slut do things that most people couldn't even think of doing in public. I've also told my brother at the state penitentiary that I'm going to bring this bitch over to him and let him use her if he can work it out with the guards. He is the leader of a powerful prison gang and should be no problem. He'll have his boys fuck the bitch until she's lifeless and pay us with money and blow."

Alan said, "Fuck yeah, Brother. You got it all working. But what about his job now?" As you recall from the previous stories, Derek is a mail room clerk at the company where I am a VP, although you'd never guess it if you caught him fucking my ass on my desk while my secretary took pictures.

Derek and I had discussed me leaving the company if we got serious, and I had discussed it with the CEO who appreciated everything I had done to help grow the company. He told me that he would understand if I left and that I would be entitled to a $500k payout from stock grants. I also had plenty of stock that I could sell as I needed money.

Derek gasped when I told him how much I had and I resigned from the firm, as did Derek from the mailroom. He took about $100k of my money to start a website that he said he wanted to do. I was unsure what he wanted to do with it, but I loved him dearly and gave him the money without asking questions. When he told me what he had planned, he stated it to me as him and I having sex on the internet for money. I wasn't crazy about the idea, but again, I loved him, and agreed.

Alan and Kelly agreed to be on the site as well, sharing in any profits, while I worked for free. Well, I technically worked for Derek's great cock, but no money. Derek turned my home office into a studio where we had a bed and couch and open area for fucking, and we hired one of his friends to be the cameraman. 

At first, it was fun. Derek fucking me and calling me names and dominating me, all captured on video and shared on the internet to premium subscribers. Somehow, the site was gaining serious attention, probably because I was so slutty that Derek would fuck me until I passed out, piss on me, spit on me...anything he wanted.

To take it to the next level, he had the idea to have me transformed on video for the site. I had electrolysis to remove all the hair from my body except the hair on my head, which I had grown out so I could style it like a lady. Derek also starved me for the most part until I was model thin, weighing less that 150 pounds on my 6'3" body.

The next thing we did for the website was to get my nipples pierced. Derek had me seduce the artist on video for the site like a scene from a movie, only with me getting my nipples, ears and a nostril pierced in exchange for letting the artist, a Mexican guy with tattoos all over him, use my ass and mouth for a couple hours. He then told Derek about his tattoo artist and that gave Derek, Alan and Kelly an idea.

They got together and mapped out exactly what they wanted to do next. They then had a tattoo artist over to tattoo eye shadow on my eyelids and lipstick on my lips, permanently, Then they had a choker tattoo placed on my neck with the word "Slut" in the middle.

Working their way down my body, I had a tongue and the words "Ass Eater" tattooed on my left breast. On my lower back, I got a tramp stamp that said "Black Cock Slut", and big, black cocks tattooed on both ass cheeks. Above my little penis, I got a tattoo that said "Little Clitty" in cursive. They finished it off with a tattoo ankle bracelet of little black cocks.

We had started making real money as the site got more popular, so we took some of the profits and got me breast implants. I now looked like I had always felt....like a dirty slut for big, black dick. I wore slutty gear everywhere when we left the house, always showing midriff (and my tramp stamp) and showing off my new big fake tits. I got used to the disgusted stares of normal people and was always to let any black man do whatever they wanted to me.

We even got free groceries when the manager of the grocery store invited me to the stockroom where he proceeded to fuck my mouth and then have all the cashiers circle jerk and bathe me in cum. Of course, I then had to do my shopping covered in black baby batter, and loved it! I can't believe how much of a slut I have become!

Derek isolated me from family and friends by sending them emails with links to the site and telling them I didn't want to see them as part of my new life, so I was totally dependent on him, Alan and Kelly (and whatever big cocked friends they brought by to use me) for company. 

The site took off, and people wanted more video, so we staged a 2 day gangbang of me live on the internet. I don't know where they found all the big, black studs to fuck me. I think the last 20 or so were homeless guys from the shelter down the block. They smelled dirty, but I cleaned them with my pierced tongue, licking more asses than I ever imagined. Over the course of the 2 days, I was fucked over 200 times, and had to be carried back and forth from the fuck room to the shower to clean me out every 4 hours or so. I swallowed about 10 gallons of cum and probably leaked even more out of my well used manpussy. The internet buzz was amazing, and the site exploded.

Unfortunately for me, all the fame got Derek noticed as the CEO and he got a lot of female attention, to the point where he didn't even want to have me suck him off anymore, dropping me into a depression that I pushed out of my mind by fucking anything and everything on the site. As my last act before he closed the site down, he actually had me get fucked by a couple of German Shepherds. As disgusting as it sounds, I loved the knot that held their dog dicks in my ass and licked them clean after they shot in me.

Next: Derek sells me to a prison gang 