 After drinking Derek's piss in the VIP lounge bathroom, I straightened up and walked out to meet him in the lounge. The place had filled up as Alan must have invited many of the sexier couples into the lounge to play with. I recognized one couple that I used to hang out with before my transformation to a cockslut. Jim and Sarah were neighbors with Kelly and I in our old apartment, and obviously knew Alan as well from the old complex. Jim knew some of my current coworkers and I started to fear being exposed when Derek walked over and stole my attention.

"Hey Baby, James and Ty had a great idea. They think you should do a slow striptease to get everybody in the mood for fun, and then take the three of us on afterwards on the floor. What do you think?"

As I looked at Derek and tried to process what he was saying, my thoughts of being exposed disappeared as the ecstasy kicked in and my lust for cock overcame any fears I might have had. "I think I'd gnaw my leg off to get your three hot cocks in my ass-pussy," I said to Derek's delight.

"How on earth a man becomes such a faggot, I'll never know. All I know is that I'm going to break your ass or die trying!" Derek bragged.

As James and Ty had requested sexy, stripping music (Kid Rock, I believe) and I started to wiggle for my men, Derek shocked me by yelling to everybody in the lounge, "Come on over and watch my bitch get nasty!" I wasn't sure if they heard him until I noticed everybody start to wander towards the middle of the lounge where we were dancing.

James, Ty and Derek stood immediately around me with the remaining people forming a bigger circle to watch my show. I got lost in the music and arousal, and closed my eyes as I sexily threw my hips back and forth and rubbed my nipples through my outfit thinking of big, black cocks. As I got more into giving a good show, I slowly pulled my arms through the sleeves of the lingerie top, and then slowly wiggled it down my chest and stomach and past my hips, bending at the waist to lower the top down my legs where I could pause for a second, showing my ass to everybody, before stepping out of the top and continuing in my black semi-cup pushup bra, black thong and black, see-through lace shorts.

I walked over to Derek and wrapped the top over his shoulders and gave him a long, hot, wet french kiss. As I backed away to continue my show, I looked right at Jim and Sarah, seeing their mouths open with shock at what a pussyboy slut I had become. They turned to Alan and started laughing and hooting, with Jim giving Alan a high five. I know I should have been embarrassed, even scared at being exposed, but I was too far gone to stop, and I loved the attention I was getting as a man-toy.

My next move was to cross my legs slightly and then slowly gyrate my hips while pulling my shorts off and, again, giving the room a great show of my ass, left covered only with a thong now. I tossed my shorts into the crowd, knowing that I would leave the club later either naked or wrapped in a coat or shirt from one of the studs who would use me. I sure hoped I'd be going home with Derek!

My striptease now over, as a man looks more like a pathetic slut in women's underwear than naked, I went about the real fun part of my show. As Derek, James and Ty moved in close to me, I dropped to my knees and rubbed their cocks through their pants, one at a time, until they were bulging. Kelly then reached around each man from behind and pulled their pants down, then their underwear, exposing the great cocks I lusted for. The crowd around us laughed out loud at my hungry look, licking my lips in anticipation of getting cock in my mouth (and elsewhere!).

I kissed Derek's cock and playfully slapped his tight ass to tide him over while I moved on to James. James was nice, maybe too nice, and I sucked his 9 inches into my mouth and sucked him deep into my throat as my hands roamed his nice ass and played around his hole. He wouldn't last long, as I was an expert at sucking his cock and knew exactly how to get him off. I played with his balls with my right hand while my left played around his anus. As I felt him get close, I shoved a finger in his ass and he came hard, grabbing my ears and fucking my face as hard as he could. As he held me so close, I was able to drink all his lovejuice and then, when he pulled away and my finger came out of his ass, I sucked hungrily on my finger and got even more turned on smelling his shit on my finger as I cleaned it off.

I'm pretty sure Ty and I both noticed how the crowd around us acted amazed that I would suck the shit off my finger, as Ty looked into my eyes with a spark of excitement and I nodded "yes" to him. Ty looks like 50-Cent, tattoos and ripped muscle usually with a white wifebeater on and baggy jeans, all bought with my credit card. Ty took my signal and turned around, bending over and grabbing his ankles. As the crowd gasped, I crawled in between his asscheeks and started to lick around his anus, savoring the manly scent of ass. There's nothing more demeaning or degrading that licking a man's ass, which must be why it's such a huge turn on for cumsluts like me!

I tried to withhold my slutty ways by licking around the hole, but soon enough dove my tongue into Ty's ass as he moaned in pleasure. I stuck my tongue as far up his ass as I could, and then pulled it out, turned to the crowd, and licked my lips as they laughed at what a pathetic faggot I was. And I loved every minute of it. After another 5 minutes or so of eating Ty's ass and stroking his cock from behind, Ty turned and caught me off guard, spraying cum all over my face and hair. 

I managed to get his cock in my mouth to get the last couple spurts, and then tried to clean the rest off with my fingers, but it was everywhere. Lisa then came over and French kissed me. After saying,"Let me help you, Baby," she proceeded to lick the cum from my face, chin tits (held up by the bra, but nipples exposed) and hair. She then whispered to me,"Don't be ashamed. I can see exactly why you want these cocks. We're going to have so much fun from now on!"

My show was not over yet, though, as my man Derek had yet to be satisfied. He had moved about 20 feet away from me while I was sucking the boys, and now I slithered my body over to him, not walking, but crawling across the dirty dance floor to my Adonis. Derek seemed to like this and got very turned on, mostly from the power he held over me. As I reached for his cock, he stopped me and then spit on his shoe. "Before you get to my cock, Slut, why don't you clean the spit off my shoe?"

The 10 or so people who were still watching gasped again as I lowered my head, smiling all the while, and licked the top of Derek's shoe clean. As I looked up to see his smirk, he said,"I think I got some on the bottom of my shoe." I picked up his foot without even thinking about it and ran my tongue all the way from his heel to his toe, and then showed him my tongue, black with dirt and other crap from the floor. He handed my his cognac and I downed it in one sip, swishing it around my mouth to clean it. 

"That's a good little cunt. Now you may suck my cock." My face lit up at this and I raised my head to the tip of his cock and kissed it gently, then licked slowly the pisshole, then took it lovingly into my mouth like a tongue of a lover I had not seen in ages. "Spit on your fingers and play with your pussy while you suck me, Bitch!" was all I needed to hear to get me over the edge and into slut mode. I moved the thong aside and shoved a finger into my ass from behind. 

Most of the crowd had dispersed to dance or party, but I did notice Jim and Sarah watching intently while groping each other and kissing passionately every little while. It turned me on knowing I could have this affect on others, and I returned my attention to Derek's cock and my ass.

My expert tongue took Derek to the edge, and then he pushed my head off his cock and I gave him my sad puppy eyes. He took my hand and helped me up, leading me to a barstool in the crowded bar area of the lounge. As people parted to make way for us, Derek bent me forward over the stool and I knew the moment I'd been waiting for had arrived. Derek spit on the end of his cock and, while sliding it between my asscheeks to get me hot and wet, the drink girl gave me a couple tubes of something mixed with Jaegermeister.

As Derek forced the head of his cock into my ass, I looked around and noticed the women were paying a lot more attention than their boyfriends. They were all thinking about that cock and what it would feel like, and this was as close as they would come. As Derek forced the nest 5 inches in, I started to moan and cum like a whore and wiggled my ass, begging him for more even through the pain of being ripped apart by his huge cock. Then I noticed that while Derek's cock was long and thick, it wasn't too thick, and I got into a nice rhythm rocking back into him to meet his thrusts.

As he slid the rest of his cock into my ass and I felt his pelvis against my cheeks, I realized that his cock was a perfect fit for me, and I came so hard that I might have shot cum through the leather thong! As he came close to the edge, he shouted, "Yeah, baby! Take my cock. I'm going to cum in your faggot slut ass!"

I screamed back, with his strokes cutting me off, "Ohhhh...yes...Derek...fuck...me...hard! Come...in...my...bitch...assssssssss!"

I felt Derek come in me and collapse on my back. He kissed my neck and I turned slightly and whispered to him,"Derek, I love you. I'll do anything for you, and I mean anything. Please keep fucking me forever."

A couple of Latin guys walked by as we were straightening up and told Derek how nice it was to see a real man handle a faggot slut like me. Derek turned to me and said, "Whore, take these boys into the private bathroom and show them your special gift."

He then turned to the two men and said, "My bitch is now going to suck the piss out of your cocks. Have fun." I kissed Derek and wiggled my sore ass to the bathroom with my two new friends, arms around me as I looked back with a loving smile at my Prince Charming.