 As we walked to the stretch Navigator that Alan has rented for the evening with my credit card, I was feeling so warm and hot from the ecstasy, and from the beautiful man I had escorting me to the club. I was completely at home in the arms of Derek, the black mail room worker who could expose my lifestyle and ruin my career. But I wasn’t thinking about my job right now, just the crazy feelings I was feeling for Derek. For Alan, I just had always craved his cock and being dominated and cheapened like a whore for him. With Derek, even though I had known him for less than 2 hours, I felt warm in his presence, electrified at being with him. I hadn’t felt like this since I first started seeing Kelly about 6 years agao, before she and Alan turned me into a cum-loving cockslut. I think I was falling in love, if that was still possible for me.

Derek, on the other hand, was feeling proud and cocky that he had total control over one of the company’s VP’s, a man who used to be respected but was now parading around dressed like a slut, with makeup and black lingerie in public. He would humiliate Patty to make up for the feelings of humiliation he had when the other VP’s in the company made comments or gave looks to the “mail jockey”, as he had once heard somebody refer to him.

As I stepped up to the Navigator’s expansive luxury, Derek slapped my ass very low, hitting my balls and making me yelp. He laughed with the others as I fell into a seat. Lisa and Alan didn’t even notice as they made out in the seat opposite. It was amazingly sexy to watch Alan’s black skin against the pale skin of my secretary. Kelly was between James and Ty reaching into their pants to fish out their big cocks and stroke them to get them off before we got to the club. None of the guys wanted to have a hard-on walking to the VIP section, so we sluts were supposed to get them off during the ride.

I explained this in a whisper to Derek and then he guided my head down to his lap, where I unzipped his pants and pulled out that huge cock I was falling in lust with. I stroked him to get him hard, sucking the precum out of his piss slit, then licking all the way up and down his shaft. We didn’t have a long ride to the club, so I gave him a good hand job to get him ready to blast, and then he shoved my head down on his cock to catch all his incredible jism. If possible, he came more this time than earlier but once again I managed to slurp it all down. 

Derek saw that Ty and James were close and turned to me, looked into my eyes lovingly while I melted, and then said, ”Bitch, don’t make Kelly get that sweet mouth dirty. Go take those niggas cum down your faggot throat.”

I crawled over as all eyes watched me and Kelly aimed James’ cock at my mouth. He hit the back of my throat with the first couple spurts and then coated my face with the rest. As he finished, Ty blasted my eyes with his first shot before I sucked his pulsing manmeat into my mouth to suck down all his cum. I wiped my face with my fingers and then licked them clean. I hated to admit it, but I love the feeling of walking into a club knowing that I have cum on my face or chest. It makes me feel even dirtier, if that’s possible.

We got out of the car and walked past the crowd waiting to get in and were escorted to the VIP room. I always got a tinge of excitement on this walk, thinking that any of my coworkers or former friends could see me dressed as a slut. I walked fast and kept my head down, though, and nobody could tell.

I loved the VIP room as it allowed me to get as wild as I wanted in a semi-public setting without being exposed. As usual, we gals put on a show for our men, dancing with each other and exposing each other to the big, black masters of our lives. As with other nights, when I was dancing and making out with Kelly, I could almost feel the way I felt when I was her man and we made out on the dance floor. Now, though, Kelly would get me all hot and then expose my ass or break the kiss and ask who wants to fuck my mouth. This time, my attention was broken by Derek coming behind me and pressing his hard body against my ass and back and kissing my neck as we broke away and Lisa and Kelly starting making out for the others’ enjoyment.

I spent the next hour or so with Derek, dancing, kissing, hugging and generally getting hot and nasty with MY man. He’d caress my ass and occasionally even reach between my legs and rub my little cock while we danced, and spent a lot of the time with his tongue in my mouth like a regular couple. I liked it when he’d spin me around, my back to him, and bend me over and dry hump my ass through his leather pants and my lingerie shorts, holding me tight to his cock with his strong hands on my hips.

We even took a little break to sit in a booth in the VIP lounge and talk over drinks. I explained to him how I got into my current lifestyle and how liberating it was for me to stop acting macho and become a slut for big, black cock. As I explained this to him, I had to lean in and talk right into his ear due to the loud music and would take little nibbles on his ear and he’d turn and we’d kiss passionately….I was falling head over heels for this black mail room nobody from my office. I had been stroking his big cock through his pants while we chatted, and he then grabbed my head and pushed me down towards my passion.

I pulled his huge cock out again in the booth and sucked it into my mouth, wrapping my tongue around it and jerking it into my mouth with my left hand. I can’t tell how long he lasted as I was in a dream state sucking him off and was only broken from my trance by him pumping a huge load of cum down my throat. After I licked him clean and put his cock back into his underwear, he gave me another ecstacy and I took it willingly, knowing my inhibitions would be lost towards anything the rest of the night, but also not caring as I wanted to do anything possible to please Derek.

I gulped my drink down to clean the cum out of my mouth and Derek kissed me for what must have been 15 minutes. I was burning up wanting his cock in my ass and to feel him next to me in a bed, and when he told me he had to piss, I stood and led him to the private bathroom in the VIP lounge. I closed the door and locked it behind us and Derek and I made out for a little longer before he told me he “really had to go”.

“I have a special treat for you, honey”, I said as I bent down in the stall and got on my knees. I pulled his cock out and held it to my mouth. “I want you to fill me with your piss. I promise I won’t spill a drop”, I told him as I looked into his unbelieving eyes. I then engulfed his cock with my lips and he unleashed a torrent of piss into my mouth and down my throat. As I swallowed every bit of his piss, I was letting my Adonis know that he owned me now; that I would do anything for him.

“Yeah, drink my piss, you fucking cockslut! I’m gonna have so much fun with your pussy-ass. If you want my love, you’re going to earn it with that mouth and pussy, bitch! Clean yourself up, and then join me back in the lounge for some fun.”

As Derek walked out and left me on my knees, I knew that I was going to do anything he asked. I also knew that it would probably end up costing me a lot, but my love was growing strong for this man, and I was too weak to fight it.

I stood up, sat on the toilet to piss like a bitch, and then straightened myself up and re-applied some makeup. “Time for some slutty fun now” I said to myself as I headed out the door…..