 After the wonderful little session of foreplay in the office with Tom and Lisa, I was squirming for a cock the rest of the day.  I left the office early just so I could go home and fuck myself silly with my black, 10” dildo to relieve myself a little while lusting over the images of Alan and his friends fucking me.  Kelly came home just as I finished satisfying myself and we decided to get ready for the club together.

First, we got naked and into the tub to shave all the hair off our private areas and my chest, legs, back and armpits.  We soaked in the moisturizing oil in the tub knowing it would leave our skin soft and tender.  Then we got out and dried off and Kelly said to me, ”Let’s dress like slutty twins tonight, Patty”.

I loved the idea and we both slicked our hair back to look similar (like the Robert Palmer girls in Simply Irresistible).  Then we applied lots of blush and eye shadow to make ourselves look like 80’s Valley Girl sluts.  We completed the look with black, negligee stretch tops showing plenty of midriff.  While Kelly finished off with a black leather skirt and hose, I opted for the matching black bottoms, almost completely transparent, over a black thong.

Then, just to get really hot and slutty, we both took some ecstasy with a martini and were just getting that warm, fun feeling when Lisa buzzed my apartment and said she had brought her date from the office.  This made me a little nervous as I thought that the wrong person could really fuck me up at the office knowing about my lifestyle, especially some of the other VP’s.  Lisa knocked at the door and I opened it to reveal Lisa in a tight, pink cocktail dress with a beautiful, lean black man who I recognized but did not know from where.

“This is Derek, from the mail room” said Lisa.  I then remembered him as he delivers mail through the office in the afternoons, but never gets to my office, just dropping my mail with Lisa.  “Derek, you know Pat from the office.  Outside of the office, we call him Patty the little cumslut” Lisa said with a smile and laughed with Derek and Kelly as Derek slapped my ass in greeting me.

I fixed Lisa and Derek drinks and, as I handed Derek his drink, he told me he couldn’t wait to fuck my dirty white ass later.  I ran my hand up his thigh and felt his huge cock through his pants and gasped.  I don’t know if it was the ex or his cock that got me so hot, but I leaned in and kissed him open mouthed, letting his tongue explore my mouth as he felt up my ass.  I couldn’t wait to taste that great cock, and everybody in the room knew it.

“Shit, you little slut.  Let him breathe!” Lisa said as Derek broke our kiss.  “Kelly, how did you actually used to date this punk?”

“He actually used to act like a real man, with the exception that his little dick didn’t get too hard when we fucked.  Then we started sharing fantasies and he always mentioned wanting to see me with other men with big cocks.  I knew he was a faggot then.  Straight men may ask you to sleep with other men, but never to see you get fucked by a big cock of a real man.”  Kelly then kissed my cheek as the room had fallen silent and then, to get the mood back, said, “Lighten up everybody.  He loves being my wing-gal, getting that big cock in his ass.  I did him a favor, and he’s much happier now.”

Just in time to break the silence, Alan and 2 of his friends came through the door to pick us all up for the evening.  He went right to Kelly and gave her a hard, open mouthed kiss with tongue.  He then walked to Lisa and did the same.  After breaking this incredibly hot kiss, Alan said, “You must be Lisa.  Kelly said you were hot, but damn girl!”  Lisa broke into a huge grin as Derek introduced himself to Alan and they shared a whisper and then looked at me and laughed.

Alan then walked over to me and said, “Open, bitch”.  I opened my mouth and Alan spit into it.  I gladly swallowed his spit as he laughed and, turning to Derek, said, “See, this is my little bitch.  She’ll do anything or anybody I tell her to.”

I smiled and said, “Damn right, Stud.  Whose cock do I get to suck first tonight?”

Everybody laughed at my pathetic ways and then Alan gave a nod to Derek.  Derek walked over and kissed me hard, telling me to warm my mouth up on his meat.  I dropped to my knees and unbuckled his pants, pulling them down to reveal tight black boxer-briefs which showed the outline of a beautiful cock, just starting to harden.

I licked the cock through his briefs and then slowly pulled them down, exposing my prize.  The large cock fell downward and hit my nose, leaving a trail of precum down to my waiting lips.  I devoured his cock in my warm mouth, licking from the tip (taking special time at his piss hole) all the way down his 11” shaft to his big, tight balls.  I sucked the balls into my mouth, one at a time, and gave them a nice tongue massage.

Lisa seemed glued to watching this scene as the rest of the crew, used to seeing me in slut mode, went about their pre-party drinking and laughing.  Lisa told Derek to have some fun, and he responded by grabbing my head and shoving his huge cock down my throat.  I could barely breathe around his huge cock and loved the feeling of having this black Adonis using me and leaving me helpless.  

“You suck my cock better than any of the sluts in the office.  I’m going to make you a regular midday exercise!” he said as he pistoned that cock in and out of my mouth.  A smile broke across my face as I looked up pleadingly into his eyes.  He understood what I wanted and let his cock explode into my waiting mouth.  I swallowed hard to ensure none got out and spoiled my makeup job, and managed to keep it all in my mouth, no doubt astonishing Derek.

“Damn, no slut has ever been able to suck it all without spilling” he said as he lifted me off my knees and into his arms.  I gazed into his beautiful eyes and there was a spark I had never felt before.  I was so attracted to Derek I could barely stand it.  I leaned in to kiss him and he shoved me back, saying, “Damn, don’t try to kiss me with that mouth full of spunk, Whore!”  Everybody laughed and I tried to hide my sadness behind a smile and slutty giggle.

Alan loved this and declared that tonight he wanted me to be with Derek as his date and Lisa was to be at Alan’s side all night.  Everybody was pleased with that idea except for Alan’s 2 crewmembers, James and Ty, who sighed their disappointment.

I walked over to them and grabbed their crotches lightly and told them, “Don’t worry boys.  You get little Patty’s ass tomorrow for being so understanding.”  They smiled and exchanged high fives and then slapped my ass as I wiggled it away to tease them.

Alan then said it was time to hit the club and passed out some ex to everybody except Kelly and I, who passed since we had already had some.  I walked over to Derek and he surprised me by leaning in for a very sensuous tongue kiss, transferring the ex to my mouth.  I swallowed it and knew I was going to be a total slut tonight.  

Derek then said, “I want you at your hottest and wettest, ‘cause I’m going to fuck you until my dick gets sore.”

I looked into his eyes and melted.  We then walked out to Alan’s stretch Navigator with his arm draped around me…………..