 My girlfriend Kelly had been unhappy for months. No matter what we tried, I couldn't satisfy her. Despite my physical size-6' 3", 210 lbs and muscular frame, my cock (if you can call it that) only gets to about 5-1/2 inches hard and doesn't stay hard for long without a great effort from my partner. We did find that I could stay hard longer and she gets more aroused when she insults my manhood during sex, often saying she wished she had a real man while fucking me. I felt sorry for her but, being selfish, I just ignored the problem until she was totally frustrated.

Last Friday I decided to call her at work to she if she wanted to go out for a romantic dinner, but her assistant said that she called in sick. It was around lunchtime and I figured I'd run home and check on her (we'd been living together for about 6 months). When I entered our apartment, I heard loud music and what sounded like screaming. I went to the bedroom to find Kelly getting fucked from behind by a man I recognized from my apartment building, Alan. Alan was a black man of similar size to myself, only with one major difference, a cock that made me doubt we were even members of the same sex. 

I was so taken back by his member, at least 10 inches long and 3 times as thick as mine, that I couldn't even respond when Kelly asked me what took me so long to get home. Before I could regain my composure and respond to the question, Kelly turned to Alan and said, "Alan, this is the guy I told you about, my friend Pat." Apparently Kelly had told Alan that I might interrupt them-and that I was her GAY friend. 

Alan turned to me and said, "Kelly tells me you like dark meat. Is that true?" 

I looked at Kelly and saw her smile as she saw my disappointed face. I quickly thought that if I walked out now, my relationship with Kelly would be over, so I turned to Alan and spoke the words that would forever change my life, "Sugar, that thing might just kill me, but if it does, I'll be the happiest bitch ever!" 

Kelly's face lit up with excitement as she got up and said, "You guys get better acquainted, I'll go make us some drinks." As she walked by me to the kitchen, she slapped my ass and said, "Get undressed and show Alan that little moneymaker of yours."

I was frightened, but excited, at what was going to happen that day. I must admit, I have always thought about what it would be like to get gang-banged by a bunch of hot studs like the women in porno movies do, but it never occurred to me that I would find out first hand. I started to take off my clothes slowly and seductively, but Alan told me, "Cut out that romance shit and strip, Bitch!" I did as I was told and stood before the most well hung guy I'd ever seen naked and nervous as Kelly came back with our drinks and led me to her lover.

Alan said that we should drink before he fucked us because, "It might ease the pain of my manmeat ripping you 2 sluts open." As we drank, I asked Alan how he had met my friend Kelly. He said, "I was in a club and this little freak started rubbing up against me on the dance floor. I told her she better watch out or she might make me cum. She grabbed me by the hand and led me to the parking lot and blew me, so I made her a weekly lay. She even blew me and my friends while we watched the Super Bowl."

I now knew why she hadn't gone with me to the Super Bowl party I attended, but despite the hurt of her betrayal, I couldn't take my eyes off Alan's mammoth cock. I was frightened by its size as I had used buttplugs before, but never could get even a 7-inch dildo into my ass. By now Kelly had I hand buried in her wet pussy and was nibbling on Alan's earlobe. She whispered something into his ear and he turned to me smiling. 

Alan looked into my eyes and said, "Get over here and suck me, Cunt." I took a deep breath, returned his smile and walked over to where Alan and Kelly sat. I kneeled down in front of him, grabbed he semi-erect cock in my hand, and kissed the tip. I then liked the pisshole and tasted his salty pre-cum. I was getting hard between my legs as I slid my tongue down his cock to the base and then back up to the tip, pausing to look into his eyes before wrapping my lips around the head and guiding him into my warm, eager mouth.

I sucked lightly and swirled my tongue around his beautiful cock as he groaned in pleasure. I looked up at Kelly and she smiled at me, giggled and whispered into Alan's ear again. Alan then grabbed me by the back of my head and started to jack himself off with my mouth. I felt like a piece of meat, not a person giving pleasure to another, and I loved it! 

I could feel the hot steel of his cock hitting the back of my throat as he pushed farther and faster. As his pace quickened, I started to jack my own little cock in anticipation of getting covered in his gooey cum. Alan's breaths came quicker, and he said, "Bitch, your gonna swallow every drop if you want me to be gentle with your ass!" 

Then I heard Kelly chime in, "Honey, cum all over that cunt's face." Alan must have thought this was a better idea, because he stood up, pulling his throbbing tool from between my lips and let loose with a steady stream of cum.

I still had my mouth open and caught as much of that lovehoney as I could, but he sprayed it all over my face. As he stopped pumping his cock, Alan shoved his quickly softening rod into my mouth and I eagerly sucked the remaining cum out of his cock and into my stomach. I then heard Kelly say, "Bitch, wipe that cum off your face and rub in on your little clit." I wiped the remaining cum into my hand and rubbed it over my cock, causing a little explosion of cum which I caught in my left hand, thirsty for the taste of more cum like an addict.

As I sucked my own cum from my hand and swallowed it, Kelly laughed and said to Alan, "That little whore can't get enough cum-we should have your friends play with her little ass and mouth." 

Alan told her that it was a good idea and would definitely happen soon. He then turned to me and looked into my eyes, captivating me, and said, "My ass needs attention. Kelly usually cleans it, but I like the way you work your tongue, Slut." 

He pushed Kelly onto her back on my bed and lay on top of her, kissing her roughly and sticking 3 fingers into her juicy cunt. I kissed all over his great, muscular ass and then opened his cheeks with my hands. As I licked around his hole and smelled his pure masculinity, I felt my cock getting hard again like a little whore getting wet between the legs. I was turning into the little cum-catching whore I was always meant to be. I dove into his asshole with my tongue, in return exciting Alan which benefited Kelly when he shoved his fingers further into her.

I hungrily sucked and licked his ass, just feeling lucky that this god of a man would let me near him. He then pushed me off him, stood up, flipped Kelly onto her stomach, and rammed his cock into her pussy. As soon as he entered her she screamed like a woman getting fucked for the first time, which she basically was. Alan ripped into her, yelling, "Take it you slut. Take my cock."

Kelly came over and over in a matter of minutes and, sweat pouring off her and Alan, she was completely spent. Alan pulled out of her and looked at me as Kelly rolled over, a smile plastering her face. "Your turn, faggot," he said, a wicked grin on his face. 

Kelly reached over to the bedstand and pulled out a bottle of lubricant, squeezing some onto her hand and coating Alan's cock with it before turning her attention to me. As she squirted the lube into and around my ass, she whispered to me, "Now you're going to find out what I've been needing for these past 6 months," and then kissed me, turning to Alan and saying, "This bitch is ready for mounting. Fuck the shit out of him."

Alan moved behind me and grabbed my hips with his hands. He slapped his fat cock on my ass and rubbed it around my ass and balls for awhile, getting harder and harder. "Get ready to squeal, Bitch," was all he said as he pressed his cockhead against my asshole and began to push. I figured he knew my asshole was virgin territory due to the tightness, and looked back at him, saying, "Please be gentle with me, stud. I've never seen anything that big before."

"I know. Kelly told me that your little cock is nothing compared to mine, but I had to see it to believe it. That's why she invited me over to fuck your bitch-ass, Slut." 

I was shocked. Alan knew I was Kelly's boyfriend. She had planned this whole thing. As I turned to face her I saw her wicked grin. "I wanted to show you what it felt like to be a woman so you could learn to please a man, because you'll sure never please a woman with that pathetic little pecker of yours." 

As she and Alan laughed about my cock, I started to say something to Kelly but Alan quickly cut me off. "I'm just getting started with you, Bitch." He then sunk the entire head of his cock into my ass, knocking the wind out of me and sending a flash of pain throughout my body. 

At this point, Kelly kneeled by me and became my coach, telling me to relax my ass muscles and push back against Alan's cock to meet his thrusts. "I'll turn you into a good little faggot yet," she said.

As I relaxed, Alan guided more of his missile into me and I loved it. The feeling of a big, strong man protecting me, pleasing me, giving me his cum to swallow was turning me on like never before, sending me into a sexual paradise I could get lost in. Kelly saw my smile and said, "Alan, he's really getting into this. Fuck him harder and he'll probably pledge himself to you forever."

Alan pulled his cock almost all of the way out of me and then, with a mighty thrust, slammed the whole 10 inches into my ass until his balls were slapping against mine. I was going crazy I loved it so much. I screamed, "Yes, slam that big fucking nigger cock in my ass." 

Alan said, "Yeah, I'm the head nigger, fucking the pathetic little white bitch and his girlfriend. I can't wait to let my boys rape you. They just gonna love gang-banging you and this other bitch."

As I continued to meet his thrusts Kelly explained what he meant, saying, "He means it. He's got like ten friends all with big, black cocks that'll fuck you until you can't move, and then again for good measure. I should know." 

I didn't have the capacity to think about it as my head was swimming in the sexual heat. My ass was on fire as Alan ripped into me again and again. "How you like that, Bitch? Huh? How you like my cock in your faggot-ass?" 

I screamed my answer back, "I love it. Keep slamming that monster cock into me. Please don't stop." I really meant it, too. I had completely turned into a cock hungry bitch, and I loved it. Alan's pace picked up, and then he pulled out of me and sprayed cum all over my stomach and chest. I rubbed it into my skin and licked it off my hands. 

He moved over to my face and said, "Now clean your fucking shit off my dick, Slut." I eagerly took his cock into my mouth and cleaned him of the remaining cum and my shit, all of which tasted great when I sucked it off his cock.

I kept his cock in my mouth until it softened, and it was still twice the size of mine. Then Kelly came over and kissed me, telling me how proud she was of her new "girlfriend". 

Alan had dressed and was about to leave when he said, "Get a lot of rest tonight and clean yourself up a bit. I'm bringing all my friends over tomorrow to watch the Bulls game, and basketball makes us all horny. You might as well call into work sick for Monday, because you won't be walking anytime soon after tomorrow night." Alan laughed as he left, but I licked my lips. 

I can't wait until tomorrow night!