 "Cross!" yelled Michael.

Kieran booted the soccer ball from the right line of the field to Michael who was on far post of the goal. Michael headed the ball and it swished into the net before the goalie had a chance to react. They all heard the three long blasts of the whistle that signaled the end of the game. Michael's goal, with Kieran's assist, had pulled their team ahead. With a whoop of joy Kieran charged Michael, grabbed him around the legs and spun him around until they collapsed in a dizzy, slightly woozy heap. Their other teammates jumped in on the celebratory, game-ending dog pile. 



In the months that Michael had been home he and Kieran had renewed their friendship and found themselves spending most of their time together. Michael had joined Kieran's weekend soccer league and Kieran found himself heading across the bridge to Michael's house instead of through the tunnel once or twice a week, with Michael spending most weekends hanging out at Kieran's with Petunia. They barbequed most weekends and gathered a crowd of friends around them.



* * * *

"So where are we hitting up tonight?" Kieran was kicked back on Michael's couch. His therapy groups had only run until three today so he had headed over to Michael's before the traffic hit too bad on the Bay Bridge. Michael had come in the door not too long ago and gone for a quick shower and to change clothes.

"I thought maybe we'd try Suppenkuche. It's in the Hayes Valley. Have you been?"

"No, but I think I saw it on 'Check, Please!' once," said Kieran, referring to the local t.v. show that would have three diners each go to each others' favorite restaurants and then come back and review them. "You know that show actually won a James Beard award? Cool, right? But, yeah, restaurant, German food, right? Lots of beers?"

"Yup. Can even get it in a glass boot."

Kieran raised an eyebrow. "And get so plastered in the process that we can't even stand up enough to call a cab?"

"Pssht... You're no fun."

"Right, I'm no fun because I think standing up is a good thing. Aren't you supposed to be the stodgy accountant?"

"You didn't tell me the seating was communal!" Kieran had to practically yell in Michael's ear to be heard.

"Forgot!" Michael yelled back.

"If you'll follow me a couple of seats have opened up over here," the hostess said. At least that's what Kieran thought she said. It was more of a reading of lips and gesturing kind of thing. 

They were led to a long table; most of it was taken up by a group of tourists. At the opposite end sat one man. It was to that end of the table that the hostess led them to. The man seemed to be engrossed in his menu, but when the Kieran and Michael approached, he glanced up at them and gave them a friendly smile. 

"Here, I'll move over so you can sit next to your partner," he said to Kieran who happened to be closest to him. 

"Thanks for letting us sit together, but we're not partners; just friends," Kieran said laughing. Now that they were away from the door it was a bit quieter & they didn't quite have to yell to be able to hear each other.

"Great," the man said. "Now I get to hit on both of you. Ethan," he said, extending his hand.

"Kieran," Kieran returned. "Well, at least you get to hit on him." Michael slid into his seat, then extended his hand to Ethan, "Michael."

"Now," Michael turned to Kieran, "about Das Boot."

"Michael, we are not drinking two liters of beer between the just the two of us. That's like a bottle of soda, complete with uncomfortable carbonation."

Ethan had been listening in. It was hard not to in the close, cramped quarters. "What about between three people?"

"Yeah, what about three people?" Michael said, eagerly willing to side with any ally. 

"I'm on the end of a loosing battle aren't I?" Kieran said.



"Do your BALLS hang low, do they wobble to and fro! Can you tie 'EM in a knot, can you tie 'EM in a bow! Can you throw 'EM o'r your shoulder like a Continental soldier! Do your BALLS hang low! 

Kieran had been wrong about the effects of drinking beer out of a boot in relation to being able to stand and call for a cab. 

Instead Michael, standing up—listing—but standing, was singing a variation of "Do Your Ears Hang Low" at the top of his lungs as they waited for the taxi. Inexplicably Michael actually knew several verses of the song. Trust it to an Irishman. Or son, or grandson, or whatever of an Irishman. Michael's family were San Francisco Irish and most of them lived out in the Avenues. And like all good Irishmen they had the gift for stories, poetry, songs, and if they were dirty, well, so much the better. This wasn't Irish but... Kieran didn't even know that there were more verses than the original one. The extra verses did not improve as Michael sang them.

Do your BALLS flip-flop?

Can you ?use them as a mop??
Are they ?stringy at the bottom??
Are they ?curly at the top??
Can you ?use them for a swatter??
Can you ?use them for a blotter??
Do your ?BALLS flip-flop??


The had had a great time at Suppenkuche, eating brats, sauerkraut, spatzle, and God knows what else as they got further and further down the boot. With Ethan joining in, their inebriated brains had reasoned them into a second boot. Possibly a third. It had seem like a good idea at the time.


Do your ?BALLS stick out??
Can you ?waggle them about??
Can you ?flap them up and down?
As you ?fly around the town??
Can you ?shut them up for sure?
When you ?hear an awful bore??
Do your ?BALLS stick out??"

Michael was into his third verse; Kieran decided that it had probably been three boots.

And they had had a great time with Ethan, their twosome becoming an easy threesome. Ethan had flirted so shamelessly with both Michael and Kieran and both had flirted back so furiously, until it got more and more ridiculous, more camp, more queen, and made all three of them burst into riotous laughter.

The taxi finally pulled up. Michael had switched songs. "Seventh verse, same as the first," he told the cab driver seriously as he stumbled across the seats across the back of the cab. Luckily, he'd lowered the volume: "I'm Henry the VII I am...." Kieran quietly gave the cabbie Michael's address. Thankful that it at least wasn't "Ninety-nine bottles of beer," Kieran decided he needed to learn something obnoxious that he could use to embarrass Michael at some point in the future.

* * * * 

Ethan climbed up the stairs that partitioned the old Victorian into apartments. His was the upstairs apartment, where he had a small bedroom, even smaller sitting room, and a kitchenette. It was quite a feat to get to the top after all Das Boots.

He grinned. He had gone out just to enjoy some good beer and some fun people watching and had unexpectedly ended up finding two friends instead. Two very hot friends. Kieran and Michael were great: funny, smart, intelligent. He couldn't help the sniggers that were actually suppressed laughter, every time he thought of Michael's song.

Tired, and not a little bit still drunk, he let himself just fall into bed as he was. Soon he was fast asleep and dreaming....

~ ~ ~ ~

He felt a hand sliding up his leg, slowly over the outside of the pants that he hadn't bothered to take off before falling into bed. He looked down and saw Michael's blue eyes capturing his. His cock hardened down the leg of his pants. Michael's hand continued up his leg and when he reached his length he lightly drew his nails over it, the teasing making him harder and causing him to arch his back and moan.

As Ethan arched his back he realized there was someone behind him. Someone whose hard, naked chest was burning through his shirt. Someone who was biting a trail of kisses from his back, up his neck to that sensitive spot under his ear. Ethan looked back to find Kieran's dark eyes almost black with passion. He watched him as he dragged his teeth down his neck to that sweet spot between Ethan's shoulder and his neck, then Kieran bit down hard, leaving a perfect oval of the imprint of his teeth.

Fuck! Ethan swore. His back arched and hips and ass bucked against Kieran's naked thighs, as his body rode the sweet edge of pleasure and pain. 

From below, Michael growled, leather in his teeth. He had decided to undo Ethan's belt and pants without using his hands, and Ethan's movements were interrupting his progress.

Ethan focussed all his attentions on watching Michael and his mouth. Well, as much attention as he could with Kieran's hot, hard body curled around him. Kieran ran his fingers over the flat ridges of Ethan's stomach up to his lightly defined pecs until he found Ethan's nipples. His nimble fingers ran circles over and around them, pinching them into hardness. He jerked Ethan's shirt over his head roughly, and Kieran wrapped himself back against Ethan, flesh to flesh. Kieran ran his fingers up through the light covering of chest hair back up to continue playing with Ethan's nipple, pinching, teasing, making Ethan groan. Kieran's mouth had continued to be busy. He licked and sucked and bit along Ethan's neck and shoulder's, making his way up to his ear. There he traced his tongue along the shell of his ear, following the contours around this sensual spot. Kieran slowly bit down on Ethan's earlobe until he cried out. Satisfied at the noises and involuntary movements he had wrested from the smaller man, he kept his body against him as he looked down over his shoulder and the show Michael was putting on.

Michael had made quick work of Ethan's belt, but waited until he had Ethan's attention to continue further. 

Ethan moaned, and was surprised when Kieran grabbed Ethan's jaw, his hand controlling Ethan's face, and wrested it back to Kieran's mouth, eating down the helpless noises Ethan was making. Taking control of his mouth, Kieran worked his lips and tongue and teeth over Ethan's mouth, claiming him, dominating him. Ethan could only let him, making noises he didn't know he had in him. Suddenly, Kieran jerked Ethan's mouth from his, his hand still gripping Ethan's jaw. Ethan made small noises of desire, trying to reach back to Kieran's mouth. 

Kieran forced Ethan's head to look down his body, where Michael was watching them from between Ethan's legs. Michael's blue eyes had turned midnight with passion and Ethan could feel his hot breath through his pants. teasing his hard cock. Kieran pressed his face against Ethan's, still holding his head in place, and whispered, "Watch."

Looking up at both of them, Michael slowly drew his tongue up over Ethan's cock still trapped beneath his pants. Hearing Ethan moan, he did the same thing again, this time using his teeth to scrape across him with gentle pressure. With the extra stimulation, Ethan moaned, and might have tried to throw his head back, but Kieran's firm hand forced him to continue watching. Moving up, Michael's talented tongue had made short work of the button on Ethan's pants and was slowly drawing the zipper down with his teeth. He worked the elastic of his boxers down over Ethan's solid erection. Michael locked eyes with Ethan and ran his tongue around the swollen head of his cock, tasting and smearing the dripping pre-come around it.

Smirking, Michael took his time licking & nibbling Ethan's cock as Ethan squirmed and made desperate noises. With an evil smile Michael took him into his mouth and began to slide Ethan's not inconsiderable length into his mouth. Ethan felt the head of his cock hit the back of Michael's throat. Ethan groaned as Michael used this stopping point to run over the head of Ethan's cock again & again. When Michael finally, slowly, pulled his mouth off of him, he let spit trails connect him to Ethan's cock. Again it was only Kieran's fingers that kept Ethan from throwing his head back in ecstasy.

Using the thick spit he had gained as lube, Michael encircled his thumb and fingers around Ethan's cock. Michael worked Ethan's cock in and out of his mouth. He wasn't taking him as deep anymore but the suction was incredible. As Michael moved up and down, his fingers followed, using a twisting motion that reached the entire length of Ethan's cock. He had never felt anything like it. Mesmerized Ethan watched Michael, hands clenched in his hair, trying to hold back. He cried out – And sat straight up in bed.