 Almost 20, I had finally come to grips with what I was. Gay. That was not as accepted a few decades ago as it is now, nor was it as open, but I had surely no problem in finding partners back in the early 1970's. All I had to do was stand still for a minute.

*

Chapter One: Innocence Lost

What was so appealing about me back then? I was not overly handsome, but my fashionable-at-the-time long brown hair looked good on me. I had a trim and fit body, and after I stopped lifting weights, my 5'10" 175 pound frame was not imposing at all.

The thing that I did have going for me back then was my boyish, innocent look. I looked to be barely in my teens despite being old enough to vote and drink in my state, and it didn't take long for me to figure out that this was what made me attractive to many older men.

This look was accentuated by my stunted growth in all areas sexual. My body hair was virtually non-existent, and my genitals looked practically untouched by puberty either. While this lack of development was the source of a world of humiliation throughout my teenage years, I had come to grips with the fact that this was the way it was going to be. 

I determined that it was a senseless waste of time to pout about having a tiny dick; not when there were others with real handicaps and obstacles they had to deal with. In the grand scope of things, a skinny 4" penis wasn't the end of the world. Besides, it worked as well or better than most men's.

After I had determined that there were a lot of guys who found me quite desirable, and their interest - or lust in many cases - became a turn-on for me as well. I began to play up my shy and innocent side, which wasn't all that tough to do. Basically, I really was shy, even if my innocence was a thing of the past.

Chapter Two: Pickup game.

I was at a basketball court which was part of a playground near where I lived, just shooting hoops to pass the time on a warm spring day, when I saw a middle-aged man approach me.

He was wearing a gray tank top and matching shorts, and when I acknowledged his presence he introduced himself and asked if he could join me.

"Sure," I said, shaking the hand that was offered. "My name's Tim."

"Nice to meet you Timmy," Adam said, and we began taking turns shooting.

That evolved into a one-on-one game, which started out friendly, but became more competitive as it went on. We were leaning and grinding into each other as we drove to the hoop and bumped as we fought for rebounds.

A good clean game with a lot of contact, and as we neared the 21 needed for one of us to win, I had finally determined something I had suspected. Adam was gay.

Nothing he did or said, but more of a general feeling that I had. Picking up on that was a trait that I had somehow acquired as of late, and I was rarely wrong. Maybe it was something about the way he looked at me and the way he leaned his body into me as he backed in to the hoop. Perhaps it was the way he didn't shy away from our profusely-sweating bodies making contact, but more or less trying to initiate it.

Either way, I didn't mind it, and did my best to make it easy for him. He had a lot of traits that I liked; he was about twice my age and was rather aggressive. He was about 6' tall and maybe 180 pounds, and he had a real hairy body as well. When I finally won the game with a reverse lay-up; a shot that Adam tried so desperately to stop that his efforts sent me skidding to the asphalt, my suspicions grew.

"Great shot, Timmy!" Adam said, reaching down and helping me to my feet. "Didn't mean that foul."

"No problem," I said, my only injury a slight scrape on my knee, which did not escape Adam's attention.

"Ow! That looks like it must sting," he noted, and although I told him it was fine, he insisted.

"Look, I live right over there," Adam said, pointing toward a house on the other side of the fence near the school. "Come home with me and I'll fix you up. You could go for a soda about now I'll bet. Unless you've got places to go - people to see.

"No, I don't have any plans."

Chapter Three: Adam's place.

Adam's house was a nice split level with a deck that looked out at the schoolyard. He brought me out onto the deck while he went back inside, and then returned with a little first aid kit.

"Sit down and let me get this scrape cleaned up," Adam said, directing me to a chair while he knelt in front of me.

I noticed a pair of binoculars sitting on the shelf of the gas grill, and that made me wonder whether he had been watching me with them. That thought turned me on in a strange way - being checked out like that.

"This doesn't look too bad," Adam said. "This might sting a little."

The scrape was nothing, and that was something I had already known, figuring correctly that it was an excuse to get me over to his place. I made a little sound as Adam applied the disinfectant to the abrasion, even though I hardly felt it, and he apologized while continuing the first aid.

He was doing the most through job of cleaning a scrape in the history of medicine, I thought to myself while watching him gingerly dab at my knee. He was holding my calf with his other hand, and I felt his fingers stroking the fine down on the inside of my calf, which was the extent of my leg hair.

I felt myself get hard from this subtle touching, and as I looked down at Adam, I took inventory of the guy who I figured to be making an effort to get in my pants pretty soon.

Probably in his 40's, I figured, and married too, judging by the pictures of a middle aged woman and young daughter that we had passed on the way outside. His hair was thinning on top, but he had plenty to spare on his upper torso, as all of the skin that his tank top exposed was covered with an abundance of dark brown hair.

"Probably better to leave it uncovered and let it get air," Adam suggested. "It might heal better that way."

I nodded in agreement, fidgeting as the man held onto my leg.

"Boy, no wonder you were out jumping me," Adam said, both of his hands now on my calf. "You've got really strong legs."

I tried to look nervous as Adam's hands kneaded the backs of my calves, and I saw that his eyes, first focused on my face for my reaction, were now occupied elsewhere. Specifically, at the crotch of my shorts, where the head of my dick was straining at the fabric of my shorts like a little tent pole.

I pretended to be embarrassed, bringing my hands down over the bulge to cover up the area a little, but not so much as to completely block Adam's view.

My modesty caused a tiny smile to form at the corners of Adam's mouth, and he proceeded to work my calf muscles with even more enthusiasm. 

"Feel good?" he asked, trying to look through my hands for the answer.

"Uh - I guess."

"Too bad my wife is out of town," Adam mused. "After a workout like we just had, my body is really aching, and she gives the best massages in the world. You ever have a girl give you a massage, Timmy?"

"Uh - no."

"Or a man?" he asked, and I made my body spasm slightly after he spoke.

"Uh - what time is it?" I asked with a quivering voice.

"Early," Adam assured me. "You aren't afraid off me, are you Timmy?" 

"No," I said. "It's just that..." 

"Well, why don't you stick around and spend the rest of the day with me?" Adam asked. "We can cook burgers if you're hungry."

Adam looked so desperate that I felt a little guilty in stringing him along, but it added so much to the excitement that I couldn't help myself.

"I dunno," I answered. "My Mom will wonder where I am."

"Call her," Adam said, scrambling to his feet and helping me up. "Call her and tell her that you're at a friend's house. You are, of course."

Chapter Four: Phone home.

"Hi Mom," I said into the phone, while on the other end the mechanical voice gave the time and temperature. "Uh - I'm going to be at friend's house for a little while. What? Oh, don't worry about that. I'm going to eat here. Adam. I'm at Adam's house. No, you haven't met him. He's in my gym class. Okay. Bye."

"Good!" Adam said excitedly after I hung up. "I'm really glad to have you stick around with me. Kinda lonely here without my wife here. That was good what you said about us being in a class at school together."

"Yeah, I didn't know what she would have said if I told her I was at a place with a stranger."

"Of course, we aren't strangers, not anymore," Adam reminded me. "What grade are you in, anyway Timmy?"

"I'm a sophomore," I informed Adam, which was true, having started my second year at Union College a month earlier.

"I promised you a drink," Adam said, opening the refrigerator. "Coke or 7 UP?"

"Coke is fine."

Adam gave me a soda and leaned up against the counter next to me. I was self-conscious about being in my sweaty and dirty T-shirt and apologized for it.

"Take it off," Adam suggested. "We're about the same size, and I've got a whole bunch of t-shirts I never wear anymore. I'll get you one."

I shrugged and pulled it off, happy to be rid of the damp garment, even though I was pretty sure of the reason he suggested that.

Adam left the kitchen, and after a minute he called out to me. I wandered around the corner and met him in the living room. He had something in his hand, but it wasn't a shirt. He also had shed his tank top, and motioned me over to the couch.

"Sit down Timmy," Adam directed, and sat next to him on the couch.

In response he moved right up next to me, the hairs on his leg tickling as they grazed my skin.

"I found these while I was looking for a shirt," he explained. "A young stud like you might appreciate this kind of thing. What do you think of this?"

Adam handed me a Polaroid, which showed a slender woman naked to the waist. She had large pendulous breasts and was posing for the snapshot with a bottle of beer in her hand.

"Well?"

"She's real pretty," I commented, and I realized that the woman in the snapshot was the same woman posed with Adam in the photos around the house. "Is that your wife?"

"Yeah, that's from a few years ago - more like a dozen or so," Adam said proudly. "Quite the rack on her, huh?" 

Adam proceeded to show me photographs, one at a time, and each one more graphic than the one before. Now there was one with his wife riding on top of somebody I guessed to be him, judging by the hirsute torso.

"How did you take these pictures?" I asked.

"The guy who was with us took them," Adam explained. "That was back when we were swingers - you know - threesomes and swapping?"

"Wow!" I exclaimed.

"Of course, with all the stuff you kids do now, this probably seems really tame. You know, with all the hippie stuff and free love?"

I shrugged my shoulders, confessing that I wasn't reaping any of the benefits of the so-called promiscuous times we were living in.

"You mean you're still a virgin?" Adam asked, and I nodded.

The next picture showed Adam's wife looking up at Adam, who was looking down on her licking the head of his cock. His cock was not overly exceptional in terms of size - probably just a bit longer than thicker than the norm, but that still put him miles ahead of me in that department.

"Gee, is that you?" I asked, looking over at Adam and then at the picture.

"Pretty lucky guy, huh?"

"Yeah," I said with awe in my voice. "You've got a big dick."

Chapter Five: Picture time is over.

"Oh," Adam said, momentarily stunned at my comment. "Not really. Maybe it's the camera angle or something."

The next picture showed his wife with half of his cock in her mouth, and I squirmed in response to the picture, and to Adam's hand, with was on my bare thigh.

"Boy Timmy, if my wife were here and got a look at you, you wouldn't be a virgin much longer," Adam assured me, handing me the rest of the pictures. "Wouldn't you like to lose your virginity to somebody like that?"

"I sure would."

"She would go crazy over you," he continued as his hand went to my bare shoulder. "She's always complaining about me, and how hairy I am. Says it feels all scratchy to her."

It worked for me, I thought to myself, while trying to concentrate on looking at the picture in my hand, which was a picture of his wife with another cock in her mouth, but not Adam's.

"But you, on the other hand, Timmy," Adam said, his hand running over my chest. "You, she'd go crazy over. Your body is so smooth. You're virtually hairless."

The back of his hand nudged my arm backwards, and his fingers briefly tweaked at the tiny nest of hairs under my arm before letting his hand slide down my body, and effortlessly worked his hand into my shorts.

"Hardly any hair down here either," he loudly hissed, his hand having slipped under the elastic of my shorts and was now stroking the extremely modest tuft of hair that grew above my dick.

"Don't be scared Timmy," Adam said as his hand found my dick.

For my part, I squirmed and pretended to look around for a means of escape, my eyes bulging as wide as I could manage.

"You like it, Timmy," Adam said after I started to protest. "Look at the next picture. No - the next one."

Adam's fingers massaged the base of my dick while I fumbled with the photos, finally coming up to the one he wanted to see. The one of Adam. He had a fuller scalp back then, but the main focus of the shot was that of the cock Adam was inhaling, while the owner of that tool was busy gobbling Adam's.

"Looks like fun, doesn't it?" Adam asked, and when I shook my head he let out a little laugh.

"C'mon Timmy. I saw how you got excited when I was rubbing your legs before, and now look how hard you are. Your penis is so hard it could cut glass. You want me to do that to you, don't you? You'd like me to put your dick in my mouth, wouldn't you? Imagine what that would feel like."

His other hand grabbed mine, pulling it down to his crotch and onto the bulge, squeezing my hand into it.

"I'm excited too, see?" Adam told me, and now was working my shorts down my thighs.

"Knew you didn't have anything underneath," Adam said, leering as he slowly shook his head while he looked down at my genitals, now fully exposed. "What a perfect little man you are."

"Enough pictures," Adam announced, jumping up off the couch and pulling me to my feet. "Let's get more comfortable.

So with me being led by the hand, my shorts sliding further down my legs with each restricted step, I was brought into his bedroom.

Chapter Six: Adam's bedroom.

Adam brought me into a bedroom that was obviously decorated with a woman's touch, and after he pulled down the comforter and say me in the bed, he lifted my legs to get my shorts off, and then undid my sneakers before coaxing my socks off.

Standing in front of me, he kicked off his own socks and stood there, waiting for me to pull down his shorts. When I didn't, he brought my hands up to the elastic. I looked at him with a look that tried to convey the fact that I was shy and afraid.

"Go ahead, Timmy."

As slowly as I could, I tugged down the grey shorts, exposing the thick bush that surrounded his unit, before his cock came into view. Brown and rather thick, I revealed his manhood with an excruciating slowness, as Adam shifted his weight from side to side.

When the shorts had been brought down far enough, his erect member swung upward and toward my face. I feigned shock at his cock bouncing in front of my face, and turned my head as if I was trying not to look at it.

Smiling, Adam eased me onto my back and climbed in bed next to me, his hand finding my stiff stem which was pointing toward the ceiling.

"Nothing to be scared about," Adam said in a reassuring voice, and I noted his rapid breathing and the lust in his eyes as he sensed my fear. "Reach over and grab mine."

I shook my head no, and bit my lower lip and I tried to not the cum, since Adam's fingers were squeezing my dick as he pulled on it.

"You must have done this with one of your friends at some point," Adam suggested. "We all do that sort of thing at least once. Haven't you?"

"Once," I confessed. "Me and my friend Paul did - you know."

"Jerked each other off?" Adam asked, and when I nodded, he asked me whether I had liked that.

"Yeah."

"Did you like jerking him off?"

"Well - sort of."

"Then just reach down and hold mine," Adam said, and when I did, feeling his hot and throbbing cock as I gripped it in my fist, he let out a groan of relief.

"Oh, that's it," Adam exclaimed, moving his hips as I held him. "Am I built like your friend Paul?"

I looked over at the stiff cock in my hand and shook my head.

"No," I said solemnly. "Paul's dick was big, but yours is even bigger."

This excited Adam, who began thrusting back and forth into my fist while trying to get a good grip on my dick. He was having a problem figuring out how best to do it, since when he wrapped his fist around mine it all but disappeared.

Finally settling on stroking it with his thumb and index finger, his tempo quickened, which caused my orgasm to rush up on me. When I groaned and started spurting all over my chest and stomach, it seemed to startle Adam, but he recovered enough to allow me to cover my chest and stomach with a copious load.

"Wow!" Adam exclaimed as he continued to tug on my now-withered dick, coaxing every drop of seed out of me. "You must have been really horny to cum so fast. You liked that, didn't you Timmy? Better than doing it to yourself?"

"I guess," I answered quietly.

"Now how about taking care of me?"

Chapter Seven: Taking care of Adam.

I got on my knees next to Adam on the bed, while he rolled over onto his back. His cock was still hard and now rested on his stomach, waiting for my attention. Adam had his hands linked behind his head, watching me with interest. As I knelt there, I felt the semen start to dribble down my chest, and looked around for something to wipe myself off with.

"Do me a favor and let it stay there," Adam said, after I made him aware of my what I was looking for. "You look so incredible like this. Never saw anybody pop a load like that before. You must have been storing that up for quite a while."

I shrugged my shoulders and looked down at Adam's body and the cock he was expecting me to service. Reaching my hand down, I let my finger slide up the length of his turgid member, causing him to squirm and smile.

"Going to tease me, Timmy?" he asked. "That's good. I like that."

"Can I - I mean - would it be alright if I touched you in other places first?" I asked.

"Other places?" Adam replied, confused by my question. "Sure. You can touch me anywhere you want."

Acting tentatively, I put my hand on Adam's ankle and ran my hand up his legs, reveling in the touch of the thick coarse hair that covered just about every inch of him except his feet and hands.

As I did this, I looked up to Adam for approval, with an expression on my face that suggested I was doing something naughty. His expression was that of a cat being petted, and he practically purred as I did the same thing to his other leg.

"Oh, that feels so nice," Adam said, exhaling contentedly after I had rubbed his legs a few more times before moving up his thighs and around his cock to his stomach.

I noticed that his cock had begun to twitch while my hands moved over him, and now that I was raking the thick, rich pelt that coated his upper torso, a tiny pearl of cum had formed on the tip of his glans.

My fingers combed the mat of hair, and I delighted in the way they seemed to disappear in the dense growth, and Adam seemed to agree, as his body coiled and writhed under my touch.

Letting my hands slid over to his armpits, I did the same to his underarm hair, which was only distinguishable by the fact that the fur grew even denser there than on the rest of him. His armpit hair was so profuse that I had trouble getting my fingers through it, and had to resort to pulling on the moist tufts, which stirred the musky and manly scent up to me.
