 The action shifts back to Liam and Matt at the resort and stories are shared.

There's sex, story, then sex. I'm worried the ratio of sex/story is off. I understand if some of you are like, "back to the cock, dude, seriously". If you're in that group, after the first section of sex, which is marked by a double row of "***", you can skip down to the next double row of "***" and, bingo, more sex.

Thanks to LarryInSeattle.

Enjoy but don't forget to let me know what works and what doesn't. Gracias.

=======

Liam pushes his left forearm into his mouth. He bites on it, trying, and failing, to swallow his moans. It's too hot to have the windows closed even though it's only mid-morning. He doesn't want to piss off Glenna or Leon by having anyone complain about the two faggots in the last cabin. He does his best but it's hard to be silent.

His right hand is wrapped in Matt's hair. One minute, he's trying to push Matt away, the next he's pulling him closer. Liam's on his back. Matt's hands are on the back of his legs, pushing, rolling him up into a ball. His knees are on his shoulders; his cock brushes the back of the arm he has stuffed between his teeth.

Matt's tongue is deep inside his ass.

Matt isn't just rimming him; he's fucking him with his tongue. Matt's nose is smashed flat against Liam's nut sack, his upper teeth pressed against the upper rim of his asshole. And his tongue is buried in his butt, wiggling and pushing and moving in and out.

They used the plastic enema bottles they bought on their way back from Pittsburgh. They used them, refilled them, and used them again, until only clear water shot out of their assess and into the toilet. They'd been too fucking turned on to run down to the showers. They'd washed their asses with a washcloth, using the sink.

The wash up had been less than ten minutes ago, and now Liam was on his back, in a ball with a tongue deep inside his butt.

It was the most intense, most indescribable sensation of his young life. Thus, the need to bite deep into his own arm. He had had no idea it would be this insanely intense. His cock is leaking all over his arm. He moves his arm, strains, and is just able to touch his cum hole with the tip of his tongue.

He wants Matt's cock.

"Oh, my God. Fuck me. I want your cock in my ass," he pants.

Matt is gone. He keeps straining at his friend's asshole, driving his tongue deeper. He's not the least bit grossed out. He's overwhelmed at how his actions are driving his lover crazy. That, making a lover lose their fucking mind, is the most powerful aphrodisiac, most erotic thing, in the world. He's got Liam's ass hanging over the edge of the bed. He's sitting in a chair, allowing him to keep his back straight. His back isn't hurting, or if it is, his excitement forces the pain into the background. He's not worried about his back, not now. He's totally digging the effect his tongue is having on Liam. He's not sure if he can get into position to fulfill his friend's request without bending his back.

He lifts his face and smiles a Liam. He stands, part of his brain monitors the signals from his back. He puts his hands under Liam's ass and helps him scoot forward another few inches.

"Put your legs on my chest," he instructs. Liam complies. Matt leans into him, seeing how much of his weight Liam can support.

"This okay?" he asks.

"Yeah, yeah. Put your cock in me," Liam moans.

Matt, keeping his back straight, stands back up. He spits into his hand and rubs it over his cock, the head already shining with precum. Liam's asshole is already wet, wet and relax and winking at him. He rises on his toes, positions the head of his cock against Liam's pucker and lowers himself.

Liam's ass is ready for him. Matt's dick slips into his lover with ease. He lets his knees bend slightly and leans, once again, onto the back of Liam's legs.

"Oh, Jesus. Fuck. Yeah," Liam pants as his ass is filled with hard cock. He stares at his own drooling cock, only a few inches from his face. "You can put more of your weight on me," he tells Matt, "so you can get deeper," he adds, panting. He does want Matt as deep inside him as he can get but that's not all he wants.

Matt leans into him, pushing deep. As he does, the Liam-ball curls tighter and Liam's cock moves a little closer to his mouth. Liam strains. Once again, he manages to touch the tip of this tongue to his own cum hole.

Matt sees this. "Oh, fuck dude. No fucking way, brah," he moans.

He leans over, slowly, carefully, more worried about hurting Liam than his own back.

Liam's lips brush the head of his own cock. He works a hand between his leg and stomach. They're being pressed by Matt's weight. He grabs his dick, pulls it, his lips cover a little more of his cock head.

"Fuck me, Matt. Just fuck me, dude."

Matt nods. He's mostly squatting now, more than leaning. Liam's ass is off the bed. Matt's legs, more than his arms, press against the back of Liam's legs. He puts his hands behind Liam's knees and begins to move, using his legs. He bends and straightens his knees, not using his back at all.

His gaze shifts, rapid-fire, between the sight of his cock sliding in, then out, of Liam's ass and the sight of each thrust forcing just a bit more of Liam's cock into his own mouth.

"Jesus, brah, that's so fucking hot," he pants as Liam is finally able to get the whole crown of his cock past his lips. Liam doesn't say anything; he's busy tonguing his own dick.

He opens his mouth, letting Matt's thrust force his dick in and out of his mouth. He starts to jerk off, mouth open, tongue extended.

Matt moves faster. He lets more of his weight fall onto Liam.

The first eruption occurs, unfortunately, when Matt is at the top of his stroke and Liam's cock isn't in his mouth. The jet of cum lands mostly along side of Liam's nose, forehead and hair. His hand keeps jerking but re-directs. The next jet lays itself out over his tongue; and the next. The rest of his load goes in his own mouth or over his chin.

The sight is too much for Matt. His body shakes. He cums almost silently. A combination of a grunt, a moan, and a whimper whistles past his lips. He empties himself, then pulls out and drops to his knees.

He pushes his face into Liam's ass crack, his head full of images of his lover cumming in his own mouth, sucking, well almost, his own cock. He shoves his tongue into Liam's ass and tastes nothing but jizz. He licks and sucks.

When he climbs onto the bed, Liam turns his face toward him, lips parting, waiting, wanting.

***

"Come on," the man whispers. "This is wrong. Give them some privacy."

"Please," the woman hisses at her husband. "If they wanted privacy, they'd have closed the windows. Besides, you men seem to like lesbian porn, why can't I watch, listen at least, to a couple of hot guys fucking each other's brains out?"

She grabs the front of his shorts. He's rock hard.

"Doesn't seem to have bothered you all that much," she giggles softly. "Why don't you take me back to the cabin," she mutters into his ear. "Maybe I'll let you take me in the ass. Who knows?"

The man looks uncertain. It's the one thing she doesn't love about him, the inability to take charge. She'll just have to fill the void.

She takes his hand with a toss of her head and leads the way back to their cabin.

***

It's several minutes before the young lovers catch their breath enough to start laughing.

"What the fuck was that?" Matt gasps. "Holy fuck, dude! That shit was fuckin' balls to the wall insane."

Liam can only bury his face against his friend's side and giggle. Once the endorphins and serotonin and prolactin and all of those other mind fucking chemicals begin to clear, sex always seems so fucking bizarre. Who, in their right mind, would do shit like that? Forget, tonguing ass or swapping cum, who would stick their dick in a mouth, a pussy or an ass? The answer, he decides, is no one in their right mind would. You never have sex in your right mind. Well, maybe if your old as fuck, or just want to have a baby. But, otherwise, nope, you're always out of your head when you're balling for the pure joy of balling. Maybe that's why religions hate fucking so much?

Liam raises his head, intending to kiss his friend but becomes distracted by the droplets of sweat that cling to the ring of stubble around Matt's nipple. It looks -- delectable. "It" encompasses both the fresh sweat and the nipple. So, make it they look -- delectable.

He closes his lips over Matt's nipple and Matt's fading laughter is silenced. When Liam's tongue flicks the nipple, Matt's back arches. It's too much, too soon. He puts his hand on Liam's head and gently holds him off. Liam shrugs, licks the salty wetness off his lover's chest and nestles in beside him.

"Seriously, dude," Matt whispers. "That was, fuck I don't know, what that was."

"Then just enjoy it. Don't try to tag it, put it in a box," Liam suggests.

"Yeah, sure. Thanks, Confucius," Matt drawls.

"Fuck you, bitch." Liam lets his hand rest atop Matt's softening, very slick, dick. "I want to do that to you," he whispers, wondering if Matt would mind if he shoved his face into his armpit. He just nearly died from the most intense orgasm of his life, yet all he can think of is the taste of Matt's sweat and the clean, rich musk he smells coming from his lover's armpit. Fuck it. He twists his head and pushes his face into Matt's pit.

"That tickles." Matt gasps but doesn't move. "Do what to me? Fuck me?"

"No," Liam purrs, rapidly losing himself in Matt's musk. "Rim you. Eat your ass. That."

Matt doesn't respond. Liam's whispered breaths tickles, sort of, sort of not. He moves his arm from under Liam's head, puts it behind his own. He hasn't shaved for a few days. His pit sports a faint brown carpet. Liam rolls onto his stomach. He's just cum but the sight of a bead of sweat, sliding off the stubble and begin to run down Matt's side makes his belly ache, just behind his dick.

His tongue darts out. He licks. He opens his mouth and presses it over Matt's pit. He sucks and licks and sniffs and the ache in his belly grows.

He straddles Matt, careful to sit over his legs and not his belly, mindful of his back. There's sweat trapped in his passion trail, his belly button. Umm. He licks his way up to Matt's chest, then over to the right pit. He can feel their cocks stirring, reluctantly stirring, but stirring.

He moves lower in the bed. Matt's cock is still soft. He pushes it aside and buries his face in the short pubes. He grabs Matt's cock and puts it his mouth, ignoring his friend's gasp. He's not going to suck it, not much anyway, mostly he just wants to taste as much of Matt's body as he can.

He turns. When he picks up one of Matt's feet, he surprises even himself. He sniffs it and smells nothing but 'Matt'. He turns it over. The skin on the sole is darker. He brushes it with his hand. It's clean, no dirt, no sand, the darkness isn't dirt, just thicker skin.

There are tufts of light, almost blonde, hair between each joint of his toes, even the little piggie toe. The hair is lighter in color than his armpit hair. Weird. The toenails are short, clean. The toenails on his little toes are almost non-existent, they're so small. Before he can over think the situation, Liam leans forward and takes Matt's big toe in his mouth. Matt moans. That's good. He's not sure having a toe in his mouth, per se, is doing much for him but making Matt moan does a lot for him.

He sucks. Matt moans.

He wraps his tongue around it. Matt moans.

He takes his mouth away, tilts his head, and bites the instep softly. Matt really moans. Hmm, interesting.

He gives each toe of his left foot a tongue bath, then turns to the right. Besides a desire to taste every inch of his lover, he's stalling a bit as well, giving their bodies, their cocks time to recover. The strategy is working. Matt's cock, while not hard, is clearly longer. His own has that strange full feeling of impending bonerhood.

He considers moving back up to suck on Matt's fingers but decides against it. He crawls between Matt's legs, lays his head on Matt's left thigh, and slurps one of Matt's balls into his mouth. The sweat here is richer, earthy, more intense.

Matt groans and the leg under Liam's cheek tenses. He lets Matt's 'nad fall out of his mouth.

"Tell me if I hurt you," he whispers, then sucks Matt's left nut back into his mouth. He lolls it around with his tongue, tugging until Matt stiffens and groans. He shifts, rest on Matt's right leg, sucks the right nut into his mouth.

He pushes Matt's ball sack up with one hand and pushes his face beneath it. He inhales deeply, smells sweat, musk, cum, smells that add up to "MAN". He runs his tongue up and down the hard ridge that runs from the back of Matt's sack to his asshole.

Liam rolls onto his knees. He doesn't think Matt's back will stand being rolled up like he was. Should he ask Matt to kneel? Doggie style? He'd still need to bend and arch his back. There's the chair. Maybe? He could sit on the floor and Matt could put one foot on the chair.

Naw, keep it simple. He rolls onto his back and stretches out.

"Squat over my face," he instructs. "Like we were gonna 69 but with your ass over my mouth, not your cock."

"Brah, you sure?"

"Dude, we both got cleaned up? How long is that going to last? Unless it will hurt your back, I want to eat your ass, man."

"Cool, right on, bro. My back will be fine."

He eases himself into position. The mattress is not very firm; he's more afraid of falling on Liam than he is of hurting his back.

Liam's fingers begin to knead his ass. He's on his knees, leaning forward, facing Liam's feet, ass pushed back and Liam's fingers pull at his ass cheeks.

Liam reaches above him and pulls a pillow down. He folds it in two beneath his head.

"Lower," he asks Matt.

Matt obliges.

Liam explores him with is tongue. The hair, the rough puckery skin, the smoother skin around it. He pushes with his tongue. It's surprisingly easy to wiggle his tongue into Matt's ass.

He bobs his head. Each movement, relaxes, widens Matt's ass. Each movement carries him deeper. He grabs the front of Matt's hips and pulls him down. His nose is smashed into Matt's crack, flattened. His tongue is as deep as the laws of physics will allow.

Above him, Matt's cock drips onto Liam's belly. Liam can feel the ripples of excitement moving across the firm walnut halves of Matt's prostate. It's fucking amazing.

Matt begins to pull at Liam's cock. It's been fifteen, maybe twenty, minutes since they came last. At their age, that's enough. Liam's cock, already getting hard, responds. Once Liam is hard, Matt lets a drop of spit fall from his mouth and into the circle he's made around the head of Liam's cock with his thumb and ring finger. He moves his hand back and forth, moving the spit, pre-cum, and residual jizz under his lover's foreskin over the head. He can feel how wet his own ass is.

He walks forward on his knees, pulling away from Liam's grasping hands. He's not a chick, so he can't call this a 'reverse cowgirl'. What the fuck is wrong with 'reverse cowboy'? Not a fucking thing.

Liam steadies his cock with one hand as Matt lowers himself.

Fuck, Liam thinks, my dick feels good wrapped inside a dude's ass, especially this dude. 

He puts his hand on Matt's hips, helps him move.

It takes a while. He's just came less than half-an-hour ago after all.

After a few minutes, he has Matt turn around. He wants to see his face, see his cock, have him lean over, kiss. Liam's cock finds its way back home. Matt lowers himself, resting on his elbows but with most of his weight pressing down on Liam.

Matt's hands cup Liam's face. He smiles at the look of concentration on his serious lover's face. He touches the tip of his nose to Liam's. The movement causes Liam's cock to slip out of his ass. He reaches back, careful not to twist too much or too fast, steadying Liam's tool and puts it back in his ass.

Liam pulls his feet up, bends his knees to get more leverage. He goes slow, worried about Matt's back.

Matt begins to move his hips, tilting his pelvis. He also goes slow, mindful of his back. After a minute, he decides that being fucked like this could, possibly, be the best range of motion exercise for his back ever.

After another minute, he decides his back is the best possible thing to every happen to their fucking. It's forcing them to slow down. Not that he's opposed to a hard pounding fuck, but this slow vanilla-assed shit isn't bad.

He stretches himself over Liam's torso. His hands cradle Liam's head. Their bodies, sweaty, young, hard, slip and slide over each other as they fuck and kiss. Liam's hands find Matt's ass and begin to pull and squeeze. He trails the fingers of one hand over his shaft as it moves in and out of his lover's ass.

When he cums, Matt's tongue is deep in his mouth.

There's not much jizz this time but the sensation that ricochets through Liam's body is slower and seems to last forever.

Matt sits back on his knees. Liam's cock is still inside him. Liam watches through half-opened eyes as Matt jerks himself off. The way his body shudders, Liam assumes Matt's orgasm was just as fine as his own, even if there's not a lot of cum.

Matt licks his hand clean. When he lies down atop his lover, Liam's cock slips out of his ass.

He buries his face in the side of Liam's neck.

"I love you." The words are out of his mouth before he has time to consider whether it's wise or not.

***

***

Liam's cell phone chirps. He frowns. He's processing what Matt has just whispered. Trying to decide if he should believe it. Does he want to believe the words so badly that he shouldn't? Is it just post-fucking chatter? His fucking phone chirps. Impossible. He put it on "do not disturb".

He scoots out from under Matt. He meant to give him a kiss, and acknowledgment that he'd heard but he's so lost in how it can be that his phone is chirping he doesn't take the time. He starts to feel panicked. He remembers that if you call three times from the same number his phone will let the call come through. There must be something wrong. An emergency. His dad is dead or something. No, more likely mom. That's it. Was bound to happen. She fucking OD'ed. It's his fault. He left her alone. Jesus. Fuck. Jesus.

He fumbles for his phone as he swings his legs over the side of the bed. He's vaguely aware that Matt has rolled over to lie behind him, one arm wrapped around his waist. Matt's lips are planted against his hip, kissing him over and over, trying to comfort, to calm.

His mom's number flashes on the screen. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. It's the cops. They've been speed dialing him and it finally went through. The part of his brain that isn't panicking, notes that the phone screen says "No Service" at the top and the "Do Not Disturb" icon is lit. He won't recall those facts until much later.

He stabs at the "accept" button. Before he can get the phone to his ear, before he can speak, he hears his mom's voice. It's much clearer than it has any right to be over even a good cell phone connection.

"Liam, baby, it's mom. I'm fine, sweetheart. I'm so goddamn sorry that all I do is scare you but I'm fine. Don't worry."

It's his mom's voice but not his mom's voice. It's suffused with undertones of sorrow, compassion, and most of all, love that he's never heard before. There's none of the brittle caution, the self-pity, or the run of the mill bullshit tones he is used to hearing in his mother's voice.

So, of course, despite her plea, or perhaps because of it, he starts to cry.

He's grown up enough to fuck, to know who and how he wants to fuck but he's not so grown up that the sound of love in his mother's voice, a sound all too rare in his experience, can't make him cry.
