 I woke up late on Saturday morning and luxuriated in the knowledge I had no work for university or the book store for 2 whole days. As I was coming to, I felt a slight soreness in my ass and that reminded me I had to watch and study gay porn. Perhaps it wasn't going to be such a great weekend after all.

I started to replay the events of last night and remembered the pain as my nipple was alternately sucked and twisted. I thought of Mr Tobias' fingers playing with my ass and ultimately penetrating my tight ring with a large butt plug. The memories caused a reaction and I could feel my penis begin to get hard. I could not have that, I was not gay and these thoughts must not give me an erection. To stop it from becoming a full hard on I leapt out of bed and went to the showers.

I returned and got on with my morning. I had some breakfast. Hung out with some of the guys in the dorm. It was great just to get to know everyone and to lead a normal life.

By late morning everyone split to get on with their day. I went back to my room and there was still no sign of my roommate. I was pretty lucky he was never around and so far no one had seen my girly work clothes.

I fired up my computer and started to write an email to my parents. When I opened up my Gmail account I had to re-log in. I then opened Facebook and had to re-enter my password. In fact I had to re-log in to every account that morning. I thought at the time computers are funny things.

It was no surprise to Mr Tobias that Sam had trouble logging in to all his internet accounts. Mark, his internet guru was with him. While Sam had been out having breakfast Mark had taken control of the computer and had logged Sam out of all his accounts. He had done this so that when Mark logged back in the key logger would record the passwords and they would have even more control over Sam.

Mr Tobias and Mark had also been talking about how they were going to develop the story of Sam's seduction. Mr Tobias had just thought about upping the humiliation and the gay activities for Sam when he next came to the store on Monday. After all he was pretty sure he was going to be punishing Sam's ass with the dildo.

Mark on the other hand had a greater understanding of their online audience and how to keep them hooked. "Mr T I think we need a bit of variety in the story and the location. I think we should do something this weekend and in Sam's dorm room."

"We have not really got any cameras there." countered Mr Tobias "We won't get any good images and we will be restricted to the webcam on Sam's computer."

"What if we can get someone in there? They could take another hidden camera and a better microphone to capture the audio. Where's Jaime this morning?"

"He's due in about 12."

"That's perfect we can set something up for about 2. The key will be to make Jaime and Sam to look at Sam's computer together and then Jaime can start to play with Sam and we should get it all on the webcam and another angle if he can set up the other camera."

The two discussed the plan some more. When Jaime arrived they briefed him on what was needed. Jaimie was excited at the prospect of seducing a reluctant boy. He knew he could be very persuasive and he was positive about the chances of success.

Mr Tobias kept watch on Sam and made sure he was still in his dorm room.

Mr Tobias picked up the phone and called Sam. He watched on the monitor as the webcam filmed Sam picking up the phone. He did not answer right away. 

Sam saw his phone ringing and it was a number he did not recognise. He finally answered.

"Sam good afternoon how are you?"

As soon as I heard the voice I knew it was Mr Tobias. Sam hesitated before answering.

"Sam are you there? it's Mr Tobias here."

"Afternoon.

"I hope you have been doing some studying Sam, I wouldn't want to punish you on Monday."

Mr Tobias was watching Sam on his computer and he could see the boy blush as he was speaking.

"I haven't started yet, but I will get on with it."

"Can you come into the office and pick up the nipple pump and clamp. I want you to carry on growing your tit as you do your studying. Multi task as it were."

"I'm sorry I can't come in I've got plans today." Sam said, thinking that would be the end of it. He certainly did not want to hurt his nipple any more. It was still sore from yesterday.

"OK no problem Sam, look I'll send someone over. He can give them to you and make sure you know how to operate them properly."

"fuck!" The English boy swore under my breath.

Mr Tobias was smiling as he was watching Sam's discomfort from the comfort of his office. He could see Sam did not like the idea.

Sam tried to think quickly. "I'm not in my dorm at the moment. I'm out with friends and I won't be back until this evening."

Mr Tobias scowled at my lie. "Is that so, Sam?"

"Yes Sir."

"I hope you are not too far away Sam. As I said I'm going to send someone over with the nipple clamp and the pump. If you're not waiting outside your dorm to greet them in 30 minutes then everyone on campus will know you're a little pooftah who works in a gay bookstore. Do I make myself clear?"

"Yes Sir."

"One more thing you better be waiting outside your dorm wearing the clothes you went home in last night."

"I can't wear them sir. They are very effeminate. I was lucky I snuck back into my dorm last night without anyone seeing me."

"Sam every time you say no to me you are only making the situation worse. Understand?"

"Yes Sir."

"Jaime will be there in 30 minutes, don't keep him waiting."

"Fuck, Fuck, Fuck." Sam swore to myself. He tried to think of a way out. How could he avoid wearing those girly fucking clothes? He could not let his fellow students see him dressed like that. On the other hand he couldn't let Jaime, whoever he is, come over to the dorm and tell everyone Sam was gay. 

Mr Tobias was enjoying himself watching Sam sweat and swear.

Sam was in a panic. He was moving around his dorm room like a headless chicken. He was muttering under his breath occasionally the F word came out loud and clear. Finally Sam settled down. He looked resigned and he reached into his ruck sack where had hidden the clothes from the book store.

Sam took a deep breath, he could not see any way out of this situation which had no consequences. He could either wear the gay clothes and try and explain them away or he could be outed for being gay when he wasn't. It had been a stupid but honest mistake that led him to working at the gay book store. He did not want to watch the gay videos but Mr Tobias forced him to.

Sam waited a few seconds and then pulled on the pastel blue shorts and the pink top. He looked at himself in the mirror and recoiled at what he saw. It looked much worse in day light, he looked like a fag. He had not really seen himself last night at the store, just a quick glance in a mirror as he was leaving. But now he could study himself and he did not like what he could see. The material was really clingy and there was a clear outline of his unimpressive willy in the shorts. It was there for all the world to see and there was not much of it to be seen.

The shirt clung to his chest and arms like a second skin. He looked skinny with his thin arms and no muscle definition. But what made him cringe most was his right nipple. It poked out in stark contrast to his left which was invisible.

He was embarrassed to be seen out like this. What would his fellow students think of him? They were already teasing him for being a Brit but that would get worse if they thought he was a faggot. His gaze dropped to a family portrait, there he was pictured with his mother and father. Both upright members of their community. What would they think if they saw him dressed like this?

Sam looked at his watch. He had 5 minutes to get down stairs. He grabbed a towel and put it round his neck. He was careful to make sure the ends were hanging down over his chest so his asymmetrical nipples could not be seen.

He got to the door without being seen. He went down the steps and thought he would wait off to one side where there were some bushes and he would be partially out of sight.

The plan worked Jaimie was due and Sam seemed invisible. But no one had turned up. He was just going to have to wait out in the open a bit longer.

Jaime was there sitting in a car parked a little way down the street. He had a clear view of the front entrance to the dorms. He had seen Sam come out and move off to the side. He could see he was nervous and did not want to be seen.

Mr Tobias had instructed Jaime to make him wait. Only approach when he had given up and was heading inside.

Jaime watched as Sam stood nervously looking all around moving from one foot to the other and continually looking at his watch. Finally after about 15 minutes Sam started to head back inside. That was Jaimie's cue. He got out of the car and walked towards the dorm.

"Sam, Sweetie. Sam Sweetie wait for meeee." He shouted. Sam whipped his head round and groaned to himself. There were a few people about now and they all turned round to look at Jaimie. There was no mistaking Jaimie was a pooftah. He was dressed flamboyantly in a colourful blouse and tight white Capri pants. He was wearing a make-up, earrings and his blonde hair was styled in a girly bob. When he shouted he sounded feminine but his deep tone was obviously male.

Sam stood still and waited for Jaimie to reach him. "Oh Sammi, I'm so sorry I'm late, I got a little distracted looking at all these handsome jocks on campus. I just love looking at eye candy. Sammi you are so lucky to be living here with all these hunks around." It wouldn't have been so bad if Jaimie had been speaking in a normal voice. But he was talking as loudly as possible without actually shouting. All the while he was obviously eyeing up the groin area of all the males. Everyone was now looking at the 2 of them and some were actually pointing and laughing at the same time.

I didn't say anything and turned to head inside. I heard one of my 'new friends' saying "look the Brit is a fucking faggot. I knew the Brits were faggots."

I thought I had suffered humiliation and embarrassment in the book store. But that was nothing to what I felt now. There it was limited to a few people and away from my everyday life. But here it was in front of all my new friends and students. Gossip is the lifeblood of a university dorm and the news I was dressed as a twink and met the gayest of gays would be all over the dorm and the university before the sun had set.

Once inside I grabbed Jaimie by the arm and made for the lift as quickly as possible. We were hampered by Jaimie's mincing steps and his high heels. I stood with my head looking down waiting for the lift. All the students who had been outside made their way into the lobby. One of the older students who I had never spoken to but had been told he was on the football team started to mouth off. "We don't want faggots here. Go back to Gay Britain." I just kept my head down and tried to look as small as possible. 

Jaimie on the other hand was in his element. He loved nothing more than being the centre of attention and causing a scene. He knew he was pretty safe because he was on campus in the middle of the day in front of lots of witnesses. Someone who was frightened you would call the crowd potential witnesses. For Jaimie they were an audience.

Jaimie pushed my hand away and marched up to the jock. He put his hand on his hip and pursed his lips and looked the macho student up and down. "Oh sweety I never forget a cock or a face and I remember yours. A little on the small side and you came all too quick. You are always in that back booth at the books store on 16th." Oh my god Jaimie mentioned where I worked.

The jock looked like he was about to hit the Jaimie but luckily we were saved by the ping of the elevator doors opening. I entered the lift immediately and Jaimie sauntered over swinging his hips from side to side. As the door was closing he blew a kiss at the jock.

Christ my life at college in the US was over before it had even started. Now everyone was going to think I was gay which was really unfair as I was straight. Ok I had played with my cock in front of other men and Mr Tobias had played with my cock and my asshole but he had forced me to do it. I didn't have a choice. And now this thing, this pooftah, who was gayer than gay could be, comes waltzing into my dorm to bring me something that I absolutely did not want.

Once the lift doors had closed Jaimie turned to me and introduced himself. "I'm Jaimie and I'm a colleague of yours from the shop. You are a real nuisance, I had a busy day planned. I was going to see my hairdresser and then after I was going to get a mani pedi but because you forgot your nipple clamp and suction pump I had to come all the way out here. Anyway that Jock who was shouting at you is rather dreamy. I bet I could put a smile on his lips with my lips on his cock. Do you have his number? Do you think you could set up a date?"

His monologue finally came to an end when the doors opened on my floor. It was deserted and I hurried Jaimie along the corridor to my room. His heels echoed loudly in the empty space.

"Sammi sweetie tell me about yourself. I just love your English accent. You sound so proper and that butter wouldn't melt in your mouth. But then who wants butter melting in their mouth when my hot ass does the job so much better. It slips in so cool and then leaves everything so slippery and so good to eat. I think you would like it, you could eat my ass with butter; better still I could eat out your ass. I love an English muffin covered in melted butter. I have an idea you should eat out my ass after Mr T has spunked in it then it would be like having a full English cream tea. You can get Mr T to tea bag you as well just to give you the total experience."

I didn't really understand too much of what Jaimie was saying but I wished he would shut up. He put his bag down on the table next to my lap top. He reached inside and brought out a cloth bag.

"Here is the nipple clamp. Mr T said you only needed one, and here's the pump. He told me to get you started to make sure you were doing it properly. He also wanted me to watch the video with you in case you had any questions."

"No I'm alright I know how everything works and I was going to watch the video later on." I wanted to get Jaimie out of my room as quickly as possible. The longer we were together the more likely it was my dorm mates would think we were doing something gay.

"You are new aren't you? You know we always have to do what Mr T says. If we don't, we will both get punished. If I go back and tell him you threw me out he will probably make me work in the arcade on my afternoon off and he'll beat you black and blue or rape you ass when you go into work on Monday."

"But I've got things planned this afternoon I don't have the time. Please tell Mr T I'll do my homework I'll enlarge my nipple but I'll do it tonight and tomorrow."

"Oh Sammi I can't go back to the store unless I've carried out my instructions. I'll tell you what, you do your things and I'll just wait here. You tell me how long you're going to be and I'll hang out in the bathroom. I wonder how many student cocks I could suck off in the afternoon. Oh yes I might get a chance to suck off the gorgeous jock. That's what we'll do then. When do you think you'll be back or will you come and get me from the bathroom? I could always suck you off in there too. I always feel I haven't been properly introduced to a boy if I haven't felt his cock on the tip of my tongue."

This was getting worse and worse. I couldn't leave Jaimie alone here and I had nothing planned anyway.

"Alright alright we'll do it now."

"Sammi you've made the right decision. You'll learn it's best never to piss off Mr T."

He reached into the bag again and brought a tripod. He then got his iPhone and attached it.

"What are you doing?"

"I've got to film it so Mr T knows we are following instructions correctly. If he's watching he might call in and give us some additional instructions."

"You can't film it, I won't allow it."

"Don't be silly Sammi. Mr T told me you might be concerned but to remind you he has always kept his word and deleted all the pictures he took on your phone. He promises to delete the video off this phone as soon as he's watched it. You know you can trust him."

I started to get the same feeling that I always got in the book store. It was irrelevant if I wanted something to happen or not, If Mr Tobias wanted something to happen, it would, I felt sick at the thought that my relaxing weekend was ruined. I did not like working in the bookstore and I was really looking for 2 days when I could be a normal student and not be forced to be gay. But here I was my dorm room with the campest person in the whole world.

"Sammi where will we sit when we watch the movie? I think it will be best on the bed and we can lean back against the head board. It's not a very big bed but we are both small boys."

Jaimie went to the end of the bed and set up the camera pointing it at where we would be sitting. He had raised it up high and it was pointing down so my laptop would not be in the way.

"Take off your shirt!" Jaimie ordered.

"I can't take off my shirt just to watch a video."

"Sammi you're being a bit dense. You've got to take off your shirt so I can play with your nipple. Now get it off. The camera is running so If Mr T is watching he will know you are disobeying me and he'll sort you out on Monday."

I took my shirt off, it's not as if I liked it anyway.

"You're a slim boy aren't you, no muscle on you. Isn't that darling look at your tits? You've got one inny and one outy. No wonder Mr T wanted to work on one nipple at a time. It's remarkable how one nipple can grow so much from just one session. You are going to love it when we've finished growing your nipples. Your men will have something they can really get their teeth into, they'll be able to really chew it and suck on it. Have you got sensitive nipples?"

I was getting confused by this non-stop onslaught of words. I was not thinking clearly. I could feel myself being pushed in a direction I did not want to follow but I could not come up with a plan to stop it.

So when Jaimie asked that question I should have said no and shut him down. Instead I said "I don't know."

"OOoooo good" was the instant reply. "We'll have to find out. I love having my nipples played with, do you know I always get hard on when a handsome man plays with my nips. I've got little titties but with big beautiful nips, just like you'll have soon."

Jaimie moved closer to me and he started to run his hands up and down my chest. He had soft hands and he was gently caressing me. It made me feel uncomfortable and I took a step backwards but he just followed and with his body and his hands. It was a small dorm room so I could not move far away and in a couple of steps I felt the bed at the back of my legs. Jaimie had me down of the bed with the softest of pushes as I over balanced. I had walked backwards into his trap.

Jaimie was quick to follow me down and he sat to my left. His right arm was beneath me but his left hand caressed the side of my neck which I was learning for the first time was a sensitive spot. His left hand moved on to play with my chest. He concentrated on my left nipple, the inny. It had not been tortured yesterday and it felt pretty good as his fingers gently stroked it and the flesh around it. Slowly he started to squeeze, the nipple began to tighten. Little goose bumps appeared on the areolae and nipple turned into a tiny bump.

"I can see why Mr T wants you to work on your nipples. That's pathetic it's flatter than a pancake."
