 Randy and Matt take turns playing with some of Kent's toys. 

Thanks to LarryInSeattle. 

Enjoy. 

============ 

"You can't be serious?" I look at Kent, shaking my head. 

"Having Matt in it? No, sorry, big guy." He smiles at Matt before turning back to me. "I could video you, Randy. You wanted to try that toy, remember? Might make a lovely video." 

"Can I watch?" Matt begs. 

"No." Kent and I tell him with one voice. 

"Matt, you're his son's lover. You think Liam wants you watching his dad, a man you've slept with, getting off? Come on, fella, think." 

Matt shakes his head in frustration at Kent. "Fine. No. Probably not." His eyes brighten. "How about this? I play with the toys and you film me?" 

Kent looks at me. I shrug. "I don't think Liam'll care. And I don't care. But..." I give Matt a hard look. "I won't be watching." 

"Clear it with Liam, first," Kent tells Matt with a sigh. 

Matt digs into his pocket for his cell phone. We listen, leaning on the breakfast bar, as Matt excitedly explains his latest idea to my son. We both look at each other and smile when, very clearly, we hear, "You want to do what?!" The conversation goes on a bit longer with Matt's smile fading considerably. He holds out the phone to Kent. "He wants to talk to you." 

"Hi, Liam. How ya doing?" Kent says into the phone. "I wish you could've come up with your dad. Hey, Liam, I want to be clear. I'm not trying to put a move on Matt or anything. He's just all wound up." He pauses, nods. "Yeah, uh-huh, that's right. Your dad won't be there. It'll be just Matt. I'll give him the video card. What you guys do with it is up to you." He nods. "Okay, great. I'll tell him. Oh, one more thing. I sold my house and most of my furniture. The only bed left is my king. You okay if Matt sleeps with us? I'll be in the middle if that makes a difference. That's what I thought. Okay, Liam. Hey, see you soon? Excellent. Here's Matt." 

He mouths, "It's fine," at me as he hands the phone back to Matt. We wander out to the patio which is also devoid of furniture and look out at the river, giving Matt some privacy. Before too long, he joins us. 

"He says he trusts me," Matt whispers to the river. 

"It's a lot of responsibility, isn't it?" Kent asks him. Matt nods. "Just remember that. You're full of love and craziness but you're a little too impulsive and naïve when it comes to other people," Kent continues. "Don't lose any of that but maybe take a minute to reassess and if you're not sure, ask Liam, or ask someone." 

"Did you rehearse that with Randy? It sounds just like something he'd say, fuck, it sounds like something he's said." 

"No, buddy," I tell him, clamping a hand on his shoulder. "We're just a few years older and if we're any wiser it's because we've done dumb things in the past, at least that's true for me. I worry you won't listen or understand what I'm trying to tell you. I sure as fuck didn't when people tried to warn me. But, then again, I was a dumb fuck." I pull his head down and kiss him on the forehead. "You better ask Kent if he has stuff you can use to get cleaned up. You don't wanna record a big mess for posterity, do you?" 

"I hadn't thought of that." 

"Yeah, that's because you've never pulled a toy out of your ass and gone, 'what the fuck' yet. Trust me. Plus, it's the only bed and I don't want to sleep on the floor or on a bare mattress because you had a WTF moment." 

"I might have phrased it with a bit more delicacy but Randy's right," Kent tells him, shaking his head and giving me a look. "Come on, Matt, I'll show you where I keep stuff like that." He looks at me. "What about you? You planning on doing this tonight?" 

"Why not? It's still early. Matt's appointment isn't until one o'clock. Yeah, let's do it." 

"Come on. I have more than one bathroom. While you gentlemen are occupied, I'll go for a walk. I doubt the place will have the aura of romance for the next hour or so. Should I bring back something for dinner?" 

"KFC?" Matt asks. He looks almost as excited about that idea as he did when he proposed filming Kent and me fucking. Youth. Jesus. 

"Uh, sure, if that's what you want." Kent looks at me. I shrug. I like KFC. He gives me a look that suggests I've betrayed him. I smile and shrug again. He shakes his head and turns his head. "Come on, follow me." He looks over his shoulder. "Randy, use the bath in the guest suite, huh? Keep the master, uh, fresh." 

"Sure thing." 

There's nothing exciting about an enema, or three. Matt and I avoid each other. At least I have the guest suite to hide out in. Although, he has the TV. 

*** 

No one is very interested in eating. Most of the food ends up in the refrigerator. Matt is looking nervous. That cheers me up. I make my way to the living room and a pile of blankets and a pillow as Matt and Kent make their way down the hall to the bedroom. I find something on the TV. Whatever it is, I have zero interest in it. I hear the indistinct murmur of voices. If I hadn't been listening for them, I wouldn't have noticed. 

I try to pay attention to the TV. The voices from the bedroom, one of them anyway, grow a little louder. My dick starts to get hard, and it's not because of anything I'm watching on the boob tube. I argue with myself but it's more for the sake of form than a real debate; I know what I'm going to do. 

I climb off the pile of blankets, leaving the TV on, and make my way down the hallway. I stick to the side of the hall; floorboards are less likely to creak near the wall. When I reach the door to Kent's bedroom, I put my ear close to the door. I said I wouldn't watch; I said nothing about listening, so, I haven't lied. 

*** 

"Holy shit, bro!" Matt exclaims, examining Kent's toy chest. He picks up a pair of handcuffs and gazes at them wistfully. "If Liam was here, he could cuff me and fuck me while you videoed." 

Kent smiles. "Yes, I suppose that would work. See anything you're interested in trying?" 

Matt picks up a pair of nipple clamps. "These look pretty hot." 

"They are, if you're into nipple play. Are you?" 

"Liam pinches and bites my nips. Dude, he nips my nips. Pretty good, huh?" He doesn't wait for an answer. "Does that count?" 

"Sure, how hard does he bite?" 

"I don't know," Matt shrugs. "I mean, I know he's doing it but it's never been so hard I've consider telling him to stop." 

"Okay," Kent replies, taking the clamps from Matt. "These are adjustable. I'll loosen them. Try that." He hands them back. 

Matt shucks out of his tee shirt. He pulls his nipple up and puts the clamp on. He winces a little. 

"Too tight?" 

Matt shakes his head. "No, it's okay. Hurts more than I thought but it's starting to feel sorta good now." 

"You can put it further back from the tip of the nipple and it's not so intense. Or, loosen that little screw there. Take it off for now." 

Matt does, winces again. "Ow, it kinda zings when you take it off." 

"That it does," Kent agrees with a smile. "Anything else?" 

Matt eyes a dildo. He has no way of knowing it's the same one Kent used the other night when he jerked off for Randy. He holds it up. Its size is intimidating. It's larger than either Liam or Randy. 

"How often are you a bottom?" 

"We switch off," Matt answers. 

Kent reaches over and presses a button on the base. The dildo starts to pulse in Matt's hands. 

"Fuck," Matt whispers. 

"Uh, not to be indelicate, but did Randy ever fuck you?" Matt nods, looking at the dildo and pushing the button, changing the vibration patterns. "You'll be fine then, if that's the one that strikes your fancy." Matt nods again. "Well, what are you waiting for? Get naked." 

Matt lays the dildo on the closet island, where it promptly begins to skitter toward the edge. Kent chuckles and picks it up. "Just hold the button in for three seconds; that turns it off." He tries not to stare at Matt's boner. The kid has a beautiful dick; he understands why Randy had been so smitten. He doesn't even attempt to not stare at Matt's ass as they return to the bedroom. "Hang on a sec, Matt." Kent ducks back into the closet and returns with a large pad. It's soft on one side but the underside is rubber, waterproof. "I'm not worried about you, this is to keep the lube off the blankets," he explains, as he spreads the pad out on top of the bed. He opens one of the bedside table's drawers and tosses a bottle of lube on one corner of the pad. "Okay, hop up. It's your show now." He holds the video camera up and hits the record button. 

Matt nods, swallows hard, and climbs onto the bed. 

"Hey ya, Liam. See how hard I get just thinking about ya? Fuck, I wish you were here." Matt strokes his cock as he speaks into the camera. He milks a drop of precum, pinches it between his fingers, and then rubs it over the head of his cock. He picks up the lube and thumbs the top open. Then he holds it over the head of his cock and squeezes out a line of clear lube down his shaft. Kent nearly starts laughing; it looks exactly like adding mustard to a hot dog. 

His smile fades as Matt begins to stroke his cock, moving slowly, spreading the lube, until his cock shines in the light. He smiles at the camera then picks up the nipple clamps he carried with him to the bed. He puts the connecting chain in his mouth and lets the clamps dangle on either side of his neck. Still smiling, he pinches and pulls at his nipples. His fingers are slippery from the lube and soon his nipples shine as brightly as his cock. 

Kent's dick is hard. He admits to himself he wants Matt's cock in his ass, in his mouth. Not that it matters. Fidelity doesn't mean only desiring one person; it means denying those desires; he has every intention of doing that. 

He's saved from his thoughts by the sight of Matt pinching his right nipple up and holding it. He applies one of the clamps. From what Kent can see through the camera, he's put the clamp on the very tip of his nipple. Kent reminds himself not to moan or groan. He sure doesn't want to give Liam anything to worry about. Matt's butt comes off the bed as the clamp closes and he hisses, "Fuck." He plays with his left nipple, rubbing just the tip lightly with a fingertip. His body relaxes. 

Matt applies the other clamp, another hiss, another arching of his back. The nurse part of Kent's brain wants to warn him to be careful of his back. 

"Dude, Liam, baby, you have to try these things. Fuck, they're intense." He begins to stroke his cock again, this time using his left hand. The hand is turned backward, palm facing away from him. He switches to his right hand. The strokes become fast, hard. The side of his hand smacks against his belly. His balls bounce. With his free hand, he tugs at the chain connecting the nipple clamps. 

"Fuck, Liam. Jesus, I miss you." 

Kent moves closer, zooms in until Matt's hand and cock fill the viewfinder. Matt stops for a moment to squeeze a drop of dew from his slit and spreads it over the head. Kent captures it all. He switches angles, gets a close-up of Matt's nipple. The tip projecting above the clamp is white. Matt pulls on the chain. The nipple stretches, stretches some more, and then the clamp pops off. 

"Fuck," Matt pants. "Fuck that feels amazing." 

Kent keeps the focus on the nipple as Matt re-applies the clamp. He records Matt's finger rubbing the top of the white, bloodless, nub before pulling back and stepping away. 

Matt picks up the dildo. 

"Baby, I wish this was your cock," he tells the camera. 

He puts it in his mouth as he squirts lube on his fingers. Kent focuses on his ass and the shiny, wet fingers probing the hole, preparing it for the fake cock. 

"Bring the camera closer, Kent. I want him to hear the way this thing is buzzing in my ass." 

Kent does as requested. Matt holds the dildo close and cycles through the different vibration patterns. He goes back to the one that pulses the vibrations. 

"I think that one sounds the loudest. Maybe you can even hear it after it's in my ass." 

Kent steps away again and Matt squeezes more lube onto the dildo. He rubs it over the head, then reaches under his right leg and touches the head to his asshole. 

"Wow, dude, I didn't think it would feel so amazing. Just the vibrations against my asshole, on the outside are fucking incredible." He grins. "Here goes, baby. Wish me luck." 

He rolls slightly onto his side. Kent zooms in. The screen is filled with the dildo and Matt's pucker. Slowly, the pucker relaxes. From off camera comes the soft sounds of Matt moaning. The skin whitens, much the same as the nipples, then comes the 'ah moment' and the head of the dildo disappears. The skin flushes pink and a deep sigh of satisfaction is heard. Kent continues to record as Matt advances the dildo deeper into his ass. 

Matt's, "aw, fuck" signals that the hooked head has reached his prostate. He begins to wiggle the dildo in his ass, back and forth, moaning, "Oh fuck and oh Jesus," over and over. 

Kent pulls back and zooms in on Matt's face, his closed eyes, flushed cheeks. 

Matt sits up, pressing the dildo deeper into his ass. Kent focuses on the head of his cock and the stream of precum running down his shaft. Matt wraps his hand around his cock and pumps. He bounces up and down on the dildo. He leans back on his left elbow and hooks the chain with his fingers. 

He pounds his cock, wiggling his ass as the dildo buzzes and pulses. He begins to tug on the chain. 

His hips buck. He yanks the clamps of his nipples as the first jet of cum flies from his cock. 

"Fuck, oh, fuck yeah," he cries as his hand continues to pound his cock. The sound his balls make slapping against his thigh drowns out the faint buzz of the dildo buried in his ass. 

Kent zooms in a little closer. He maps the strands and pools of cum glistening on Matt's chest and belly. Matt keeps stroking but with less force and collapses back in the bed. Kent records the rise and fall of his belly as he pants and cum leaks out of his cock. 

When Matt pulls the dildo out his ass, he records it. When he scoops and wipes cum off his chest and eats it, he records that, too. 

"Thanks, Kent." Matt whispers. "That was fuckin' baller. Liam, I intended to go longer but it was too much," he tells the camera. "I love you, baby. I miss the shit out of you, even though it's only a couple of days. 'Night baby." 

Kent's finger presses the button with the red circle and stops recording. 

*** 

It's not hard to tell when Matt shoots his load. I had pulled my cock out and stroked it once or twice before shoving it back into my pants. After that, I made myself keep my hands away from my dick. I was ninety-percent certain if I touched my cock again I wouldn't be able to stop. I would end up jerking off right there in the hall. I hurry back to the living room. It'll take Matt some time to come down, no pun intended, from his orgasm high but Kent might open the door any second. I'm well ensconced amid the pile of blankets, lying so that my erection is not the first thing you see when I hear the door open. 

*** 

I eject the SD card, show it to Matt and lay it on the end of the mattress. "Don't lose that. It ends up in the wrong hands and you'll never be President." 

"You sure?" 

"Uh, I see your point. Take your time. See you in a bit." 

"You liked it I take it," he nods toward my erection. 

"Hell, yeah. It was hot." There's no point in lying that I can see. "See ya." 

Kent opens the door. If not for the slant of the late afternoon light, he'd have missed it. Two shiny drops of liquid, near the door, right where anyone listening at the door would have been standing. And the drops are right where that person's dick would have been hanging. 

Kent smiles. 

*** 

"What're you watching'?" 

There's something about Kent's smile. 

"Some show about living in a tiny house," I reply, since that is what happens to be on the TV at the time he asked the question. 

"Yeah, I can see why you'd be interested in that. It fits the new Randy-on-the-road persona. Scoot over." I move over and he sits down on the pile of blankets beside me. "I'm not sure how families do it, live in those tiny houses. You'd hear everything." 

"Uh, yeah, I suppose," I reply, not sure what he's up to. 

"Matt must have been louder than I thought," Kent says, nodding at my lap. I've been doing my best to casually hide my boner. It would appear I was unsuccessful. 

"No, it wasn't that. I was imagining what was going on, that's all." 

"Oh, so you couldn't hear anything?" 

I look at him. His smile has blossomed into a huge shit-eating grin. 

"What do you mean?" I sound totally innocent to my ears. 

"Wow, the bedroom doors must be thicker than I thought if you couldn't hear anything, standing right outside in the hallway." 

I open my mouth, close it. Sigh. "How did you know?" 

"You should have left your dick in your pants; you left a couple drops of jism glistening on the floor." 

"Aw, fuck me," I groan and fall back onto the blankets. "I confess and throw myself on the mercy of the court." 

"The court has no mercy, not for a sneaky, horny, amazingly hot man such as yourself. The court expects to have its way with you." He lies back beside me. "You know it would be sort of fun to let Matt watch. Damn, is he cute. I'm a little jealous you had a little something going on with him." 

"He is cute and he is hot." I roll on my side to look at Kent. "But so are you. If he weren't dating my son I wouldn't mind, honest, but I want them to have the best chance of it working, you know?" 

He rolls to face me. His hand cups my cheek. It's warm. "I know, Randy, I know." He sighs. "I also agree with you." 

"Did you and Brad ever post any of those videos you made?" 

"No," he says after a moment. "Why? Have you?" 

"Uh, actually, I have." I tell him quickly about using my phone to video myself jerking off in front of the dude at the store. 

"Wow," he whispers. "You think it's still posted?" 

"Beats me. How long do they leave stuff on the site?" 

"Forever. You sure no one could tell it was you?" 

"I don't think so. My cock, alas, is not as renowned as I might wish." I shrug. "I don't think there's anything that would identify me. Do you want to see it?" 

"I think I do. Are you okay with that?" 

I kiss him quick. "Babe, if I wasn't I wouldn't have told you about it in the first place. My laptop is locked up in the truck. I'll go get it." 

"If you posted it, can't we use my computer and find it?" He nods to one of the few pieces of furniture left in the apartment, his computer desk. 

I try to remember if Matt knows about the video. I think he does. As, I recall, he thought it was "baller". If I'm wrong I can't imagine he'll care. I nod. "Sure, it may not even be there any longer." 

Kent taps a key to wake his computer. I tell him the site. He knows it, big surprise. I log into my account. 

"Can I glance at your favorites?" Kent asks. "It's cool if you don't want me to," he adds quickly. 

I stand up and give him the chair. "Be my guest." 

There's not a lot. I mean, seriously, how many times on sites like that do you find something you can't imagine living without? Not often. I watch as he clicks through the stuff I've saved. Knowing he's looking causes me to pay closer attention. 

"There's a lot of bi stuff," he says after a few minutes. 

"Yeah, more than I would have guessed," I admit. "And more watersports than I remember." 

"Watersports? Where? Fuck, you watchin' porn?" 

"Not really, Matt," Kent answers. 

"No? Looks like it. Can we watch my video?" 

"No," Kent snorts. "Liam was not, shall we say, receptive to the idea of his dad watching you jerk off, remember?" 

"Oh yeah, right." 
