 The afternoon dragged on. A few customers came and went but sales were few and far between. I couldn't get the memory of that hand job out of my mind. Several times I caught myself rubbing my cock in anticipation of my next meeting with that couple. I closed the shop and headed home.

Our house is on the edge of the town so I was soon sitting at our kitchen bench talking to my wife. She poured two coffees and leaned across the bench as she told me about her afternoon. She was still dressed in her shop uniform and I struggled to take my eyes off her shirt. I could see that she had put on weight. Gaps appeared between the buttons as her breasts pushed against the material. I tried to concentrate on what she was saying but I wasn't really interested. My eyes wandered between the oven clock and those breasts.

I know those breasts so well. Not as firm as they were when we first met, I could see parts of the lacy bra that restrained them. 

I wanted her to open that that shirt and show me those nipples pushing through the lace. She has huge nipples that are just meant to be sucked and chewed. On a cold morning you could hang your car keys from those nipples.

I was getting hard just thinking about those nipples when I heard a lawnmower start up in the neighbour's yard. I quickly set aside any thoughts of sex as that sound heralded the start of the weekly mowing. Our house is in the older part of town where the backyards are small. Our neighbour has a teenage son and he mows their lawn, our lawn and the two lawns on either side in one go. He gets a more than a few bucks from each family every week and it means that we don't suffer the noise of mowing during our precious weekends.

I could see the young guy's blonde hair over the fence as he started mowing his parent's lawn. I finished my coffee and told my wife that I was going for my daily run along the beach. I ducked up stairs to change into my jogging outfit. I glanced down at the yard next door and noticed that the kid wasn't wearing a shirt.

About fifteen minutes later I was jogging on the beach. I ran along the firm sand on the tideline and passed a few tourists who were setting up to watch the sunset. I kept going until I reached the rocks at the southern end of the beach. I followed a well-worn path that leads to some very secluded dunes on the edge of the national Park.

I scrambled over a large rock and saw my fuck buddy. 

He was lying face down on a large blanket. Beside him his jogging gear was spilling out of his backpack. Like mine, his wife thinks that the hours before dinner are spent running. 

I paused to survey the scene as I stood on the rock. My fuck buddy was lying face down on our blanket. His bare feet were far apart. My eyes ran up his long shapely legs. He shaves those legs, supposedly because of the cycle racing that he does, but it's actually so that I can run my hands over those smooth, muscular calves and thighs. I felt my cock stir as I looked at those thighs.

Although I had longed to see his nakedness all day he still had some clothing on. His butt, that beautiful butt, was hidden from my lust by one of my wife's bikini bottoms. They were pink and stretched to the limit by those butt cheeks. I could see the string of the bikini top across his back. I wanted to put my hands on those broad shoulders and plunder his body. I was halfway to an erection and I still had my shorts on.

I jumped down onto the sand and my fuck buddy looked in my direction. Once he knew that it was me he put his head down on the blanket and bent his knees slightly. This raised his bikini clad arse as he mumbled the words I lived to hear.

"Fuck me," he sighed.

I was so horny. I tore my flimsy running clothes off and tossed them on the sand. I stood for a moment while I stroked my stiffness. My fuck buddy lifted his backside until his knees were under him. I was fully erect as I grabbed those bikini bottoms and pulled them down to reveal his little man cunt. 

I dropped to my knees and ran my tongue around his hole. He groaned and offered me more. I parted his cheeks wide and buried my tongue in that hot, tight orifice. He was soon fully lubed with saliva. I pulled back and admired my handiwork. He was wet and gaping. 

He wanted my cock. I finger fucked him before I inched forward and rubbed my knob on those tight butt cheeks.

Head down on the blanket, arse up and open for cock he asked me to fuck him. He told me how much he wanted me to slide my manhood into him and stretch his anus. I placed the tip of my cock against his hole and gently pushed. The hungry little slut pushed back against me. He needed fucking and I was ready to give it to him. When my knob was inside him I paused and took a firm hold on his hips. He pushed back harder but I told him to wait. 

Over the sound of our heavy breathing and the crash of the waves I could hear someone approaching from the trees. My fuck buddy tensed and I whispered to him not to panic. A few moments later a fully clothed man was standing in front of us. I'm not sure who was more shocked, him or us, but there was a minute or two of awkward silence. Then I recognised him.

It was the husband of the woman who had wanked me in the shop. I looked at him and saw that he recognized me. I decided to take control of the situation. I eased my cock slightly further into my fuck buddy's puckered anus as I spoke to our intruder.

"Do you want a piece of this man slut?" I asked as my cock went further into that hot little hole. The husband said nothing but started to unbutton his shirt. 

I kept sliding my cock deeper into my fuck buddy. By the time I was fully inside him our new friend was naked. My fuck buddy lifted his head and opened his mouth.

I started slowly fucking him as his mouth accepted this fresh cock. I was so hard. I penetrated him to the max with slow, steady invasions. The husband grabbed the back of my fuck buddy's head and forced his hardon down that willing throat. We smiled at each other as we skewered this piece of fuck meat with our cocks.

My fuck buddy loved it. He could never get enough dicks. He pushed hard against my pounding and loudly gobbled the other fellow's manhood. I tried to make this last but the other guy came too quickly. He groaned loudly as he lunged forward and filled that mouth with man juice. I gripped those hips and shoved my cock in as far and as hard as I could. I exploded.

Two more thrusts and my balls were empty. I leaned forward as my fuck buddy squirmed around my penis. I kissed the husband. He kissed back passionately. Our tongues wrestled and we put our arms around each other while we kept our cocks inside my fuck buddy.

Eventually we pulled out and the three of us collapsed onto the blanket. My fuck buddy removed the bikini bottom and used it to wipe cum off his face and legs. He kept the upper part of the bikini on. He lay on his back in the middle of the blanket and stroked the chest of the husband. I rolled onto my side and ran my hand along my fuck buddy's torso. 

The husband rolled onto his side and started to pinch my fuck buddy's nipples under the bikini top. I kissed my fuck buddy's greedy mouth and reached for his cock. The husband moved the small triangles of bikini to reveal those nipples. He started sucking on one and I went for the other one. I felt his hand fondling the balls that hung below the penis that I was stroking.

My fuck buddy lay back and started moaning. He spread his legs to give us full access to body. We bit and licked those tits. I stroked that cock till it was fully hard then I ran my fingers around his cock head. The husband was obviously finger fucking that cum filled anus.

My fuck buddy placed his hands on our cocks and tried to tug them into life. Sadly, neither of us could get hard but we kept working those nipples and that arse. I tightened my grip on his cock and cum squirted onto his stomach. 

I released my grip and rolled away. The husband rolled on top of my fuck buddy and rubbed his chest against the fresh cum on his stomach. They kissed passionately as I rubbed the husband's back.

This went on for several minutes. Their movements became more animated and I realised that the husband was getting hard. My fuck buddy spread his legs and I guided the husband's cock into his warm wet butt. Their mouths and arms were entwined as the husband pounded away in the classic missionary position. I sat back and enjoyed the show. My fuck buddy moaned as he was fucked hard and fast for several minutes.

The husband was quite red in the face and sweating profusely as he humped away. I was worried about his heart but he eventually let out a huge grunt as he filled my slut's hole with man meat and jism.

We rested on that sodden blanket until the setting sun reminded us that we needed to return to the real world.