 I had attended a rather disappointing gay orgy about two weeks ago. I found myself to be lost in a sea of other bottoms and very few desirable tops. I was naked like most everyone else, but I just wasn't into it. I had received several offers to have me fuck someone's ass, but I preferred to be the one who took the hard cock up my young ass. Before I left unfulfilled and disappointed, I happened upon a much older guy with salt and pepper short hair and goatee. He seemed to be just as bored as me. We had come upon each other in the designated clothes room, as we both got dressed. We both nodded to each other silently, as we gathered our clothes before leaving.

I watched him watching me as I got dressed. Her was pulling on a pair of black leather biker boots and already had on a black leather jacket and black leather pants. He seemed to be well enough in shape from what I could tell. I would say he was in his late forties or early fifties, but he still carried himself with confidence that I found attractive. I made it a point to bend over and show him my smooth bubble butt, as I reached down to pick up my pants off the floor. He hummed deeply to himself and said, "Damn boy, where were you when I got here? You're the only talent I have seen in this whole house. And you have some serious talent. I could fuck that tight ass of your's all night long."

I shrugged as I answered, "I just got here about twenty minutes ago. Didn't see much that I was interested in, too many bottoms and not enough good looking tops."

I said that last part as I smiled at him. Her grunted and said, "I wish you had gotten here sooner, because I have to go now. But if you ever have the need to have that cute ass rimmed and fucked hard, come by the new Harley dealership."

I nodded and he walked from the room and left. I finished getting dressed and left as well. Two weeks had passed and my thoughts kept going back to that guy and his offer. I found black leather clothing to be highly erotic and the idea of being rimmed and fucked hard by this guy made me very horny. I looked up the Harley dealership and made my way over there the next day, since my last class ended at about 11am and I was free for the rest of the day. It was an easy drive to the dealership and I found myself getting nervous on whether or not her would be here. 

I was wearing a tight t-shirt and a new pair of pants that I had bought. They appeared to be just normal blue jeans, but they were actually made of an elastic material that hugged my bubble butt quite nicely. They also had a very hot addition in that there was another zipper in the back that allowed for someone to unzip my pants to reveal my ass cheeks. They made me feel very sexy and ready for action. The rear zipper ran from the bottom of the normal front zipper all the way along where the pants seems was and up to the very back waistband. The zipper was like one for a coat or jacket, in that it had to have one end threaded into the zipper at my waistband to start it out and it came to rest once fully zipped right below the bottom of my front zipper. They looked normal and no one could tell the difference unless they put there hands or face right against my ass. I had also forgone wearing underwear. I walked in, but could not see him anywhere. I only saw a few customers over by the motorcycles and the employees seemed to be explaining some things and answering questions. I was disappointed, but shrugged and decided I could just browse and see if there were any jackets that I might like.

I walked around the store for several before an employee came over and asked if I needed any help. I shook my head and said that I was just looking at the jackets. He nodded and said that if I needed any help finding anything to just ask. I thanked him and he walked away. I looked over a few jackets and found one that I did like. I tried on one in my size and had just finished admiring myself in the mirror, when I suddenly felt a pair of strong hand grope my ass. I went completely still as I recognized the voice saying, "Oh, yeah. I remember this tight ass. I didn't think you would actually come."

I shrugged as I answered, "Well I haven't actually cum. But I met a guy who gave me a very tempting offer a few weeks ago and I thought I would come over here to collect. I was actually more interested in him cumming in me."

The man growled as her gripped my ass cheeks tighter, he then seemed to get distracted by my unusual pants. He let his hands travel over my ass, as he got the feel for my pants and apparently admired my ass. He then found the rear zipper and said, "Oh, this will come in handy, boy. Keep that jacket on and follow me."

He then led me to the back of the store and into a workshop. It seemed to me where they repaired and made leather items. The whole room smelled of leather and there was equipment and tools everywhere. It was not dirty or disorganized. Everything seemed to be exactly where it belonged. The concrete floor was even clean. I heard a click and turned around to see him smirking at me as he locked the door. He then spun me around and bent me over the workbench. He began running his hands over my ass cheeks, before unzipping the rear zipper. When he had pulled the zipper all the way back to my waistband, the elasticity of the pants immediately pulled both side away from each other exposing my pale ass cheeks to him. 

Her moaned deeply as he trailed his hands over my exposed and hairless bubble butt. I sighed, feeling his strong hands on my ass. He then spread my ass cheeks and leaned forwards to run his tongue up and down my ass crack. I moaned softly at the feeling of his warm wet tongue against my skin. He then shoved his tongue right up my asshole, as deeply as he could. I moaned louder and heard his muffled moan, as he began to lick all around inside me. I felt his goatee against my asshole and bristling against my skin, as he really worked my asshole with his tongue.

He was grunting and groaning, as his tongue delved deeply into my ass. He then began to tongue fuck my asshole with deep thrusts in and out of me. I felt my asshole growing wet from his spit, and hoped that I would soon enjoy his hard cock inside me. I gripped the workbench as he continued to tongue fuck my young tight asshole deep and hard. I tried to keep my moans a quiet as possible, so no one could hear us. But he really knew what he was doing. I had never been rimmed this amazingly. I was sighing and moaning, as his talented tongue worked in and out of my tight ass with an expertise that I thoroughly enjoyed.

He kept his hands on my ass cheeks, both massaging them and to keep them spread as he continued to tongue fuck me. The smell of the leather in the room had my body tingling. With a final deep lick, he withdrew his tongue from my asshole and stood up behind me. I heard him unzip his pants and smiled as I knew he was about to fuck me. I stayed still, except for wiggling my ass back and forth to signal I was looking forward to his hard cock in my asshole. He chuckled as I felt one hand grip my hip, as I felt his hard cock head come into contact with my spit coated puckered hole. I felt his cock head just rest against my asshole, as I then felt his other hand grab my other hip.

With one swift and hard motion, he slammed every inch of his hard cock right into my asshole. I gasped at the sudden intrusion, but I loved the feeling of a good hard ass fuck. He certainly agreed with me, as he set a truly demanding pace of fucking my ass deep and hard. I felt his leather pants slapping against my ass cheeks every time he would thrust all that was into me. He was grunting as he slammed my asshole and I was emitting small moans and grunts of my own as I enjoyed being fucked my this leather man. Being fucked like this in the back room of an open Harley dealership added a lot to the situation. I felt so dirty and hot, as he continued to roughly fuck my young asshole. I wondered if any other employees knew what he was doing.

The force of his hard thrusts into my asshole was causing the workbench to sway and the tools to jingle against each other on the peg boards. He was really shoving his hard cock deep into my ass, as he pulled my hips backwards to meet his thrusts forward adding even more force to my ass fucking. I wondered how long he could keep this up before he blasted my insides with his hot cum. I decided to not worry about it and simply enjoy the hard fucking that I was receiving. He then grunted out, "Boy, I've been thinking about fucking this ass since I saw you that night. I wish I had just thrown you onto the back of my bike and brought you home with me. I'd have filled this tight asshole full of so much of my seed, that you would have felt it for days. God this asshole feels so hot and tight. I'm gonna make good use of this hole."

I wanted to reply that I was enjoying myself too or that I was more than willing to be fucked my him as much as possible, but all I could do is continue to moan and grunt due to the force of his hard plunging cock in and out of my asshole. I was loving this so much, I began fantasizing about him putting me up on the workbench on my back and fucking me deep and hard with my legs over his shoulders. Or him sitting on the work stool as I rode his hard cock. I had never expected to get this much pleasure out of staying almost completely clothed and fucking in a semi public place. Neither of us had removed a single bit of clothing, in fact I still had on the leather jacket that I was admiring before he dragged me in here. All he did was unzip my rear zipper to expose my asshole and ass cheeks, and then unzip his own pants to remove his hard cock.

The feeling of his rough leather pants against my ass cheeks felt amazing. I was getting so turned on by being roughly fucked by this leather clad older man in the back room of his work. My own hard cock was left untouched inside my pants, as neither of us made any attempt to remove it. I was so passed caring about my own cock, with his hard cock slamming so deep and forcefully in and out of my asshole. I couldn't wait to feel his hot cum pump into my ass as he spent himself inside me, but I certainly hoped he could last for a few minutes more. I was drawn out of my inner dialogue, as he grunted out "Oh yeah. This tight ass was made to take my hard cock. I bet you've never had a real man tear into you like this, have you boy? Look at you, moaning as I fuck your boy hole with my man meat. This is how a real man treats a fuck boy. I don't go for any of that soft shit. I like to just fuck a boy's asshole and fill him with my cum. Aint no reason for any of that lovey-dovey shit."

I couldn't agree more, as his hard cock slamming my tight asshole continued to make my head spin. The sheer depth and force that he was reaching, made my ass tingle in pleasure. His hard cock head was truly battering its way deep inside me, as I was loving every second of it. He now grunted out louder, "This is it, boy. I'm about to mark my territory. I'm gonna fill your boy hole full of my man seed. You take it and love it, too. Fuck! Fuck! God Damn!"

He then thrust his hard cock deep and hard inside me, as I felt an explosion of hot cum fill my ass. I moaned at the feeling of his cum coating my insides. I clenched around his cock, as he slowed his thrusts to milk out all of his cum into my ass. His grips on my hips softened as he grunted in approval. With a final grunt, he withdrew his softened cock from my asshole and zipped himself back up. I stood up and zipped my pants back together, as we both collected ourselves. He looked at me and nodded his head, saying "You should buy that jacket. It looks good on you, boy. I'll even give you my employees discount. You should also buy a pair of those pants in black. Your pale white ass would look even more fuckable in black pants like those."

I nodded as I accepted both of his suggestions. He then handed me his business card, revealing that his name was Tom and he was the manager here at the dealership. The card had his cell phone and email on it. I nodded again silently and sent him a quick text message, so he would have my cell number too. I then followed him back out into the shop, as he pointed me towards the register. He then walked over to his office and went back to work like nothing had happened. I smirked, finding that I liked that. I then walked to the cash register and took off the jacket to buy it. 

Another employee began to ring up the jacket and subtract the discount. He was a little younger than Tom, but built just like him. I paid and then put the jacket back on, as he handed me the receipt. The employee smirked at me as he asked, "So did Tom help you get everything you wanted?"

I nodded as I said that he had. The employee then leaned closer and said, "Well if you ever want some help, I'm more than willing to help you get what you need."

I smiled as I realized that he knew about Tom fucking me in the back room and that he wanted a go at my ass as well. I smiled as I answered, "I am always on the look out for some help, but you might want to run that by Tom first. He is your boss and he might get a little territorial if you try to help one of his customers. But I think you could help get me what I want."

He smirked at my reply and glanced back at Tom's office, as he said "Oh Tom is not one to get jealous. Besides I think you may need some help in the proper fitting and buckling of that new jacket. How can I let you leave if you are in need?"

I smirked and nodded, as he beckoned me back to the workroom that I had enjoyed my recent ass fucking with Tom. Two hard men wanting to shove their hard cocks up my ass one after the other. I would definitely need to shop here more often. I followed him back and stepped passed him as he locked the door. He then came up behind me and grabbed my ass cheeks roughly. He also seemed confused at first, as he felt my pants. He ran his hands all over my ass admiringly, before he was surprised to find the rear zipper. He then unzipped me, once again exposing my bubble butt. He moaned as he continued to admire my ass.

Without another word, he pushed me roughly over the same workbench that Tom had used. I heard the unmistakable sound of his zipper being lowered. Without preamble or warning, he shoved his big hard cock right into my already cum filled ass. I moaned loudly as he slammed into me and then set a fast and hard pace. Just like Tom, he pulled me backwards by my hips as he would thrust forward into my ass. God this felt amazing! With my asshole still wet from Tom spit and my ass coated with his hot cum, I was well lubricated already. So this hard and deep anal assault was no problem for me. The force and aggressive nature of this ass fucking only turned me on more and more.

He groaned out, "God boy, I can feel all of his cum inside your tight little ass. I bet he pumped almost a gallon of his seed into you. Damn, you're so fucking tight. I bet you love feeling a real man's hard cock shoved up your boy hole, don't you? I'm going to shoot my load into you too. Damn, I like those pants of your's. So easy to bend you over, unzip your pants, unzip my pants, and fuck your tight asshole until I am done with you."

And boy was he fucking my tight asshole! His thrusts were deep and hard. I felt Tom's cum being moved around inside me, as this hard cock seemed to plow through it all. I loved to have my tight asshole used roughly. The filthy and crude talk only made me want to be fucked even harder. I loved to be used for someone else satisfaction. Even if I didn't cum, as long as my asshole was fucked hard and deep then I was very satisfied. His grunts and moans were picking up in volume, as he added more speed and power to his thrusts. My asshole was stretched tight around his cock, as he drove it in and out of me. I felt my insides tingling magnificently as he used me for his own pleasure.

I had never been fucked this roughly by one guy in my life, let alone two guys back to back. I again fantasized about future rendezvous with one or both of these guys. I knew that Tom had already said he didn't go for the tender side of sex, which was fine by me. And judging my the ruthlessness of the ass fucking that I was currently receiving, this guy followed Tom's mindset as well. He began moaning again, "No wonder Tom has been waiting for you, boy. Your asshole feels like one of the best and tightest asses I have ever shoved my cock into. I bet Tom and I could pull a train on you back to back, until neither of us can fuck or cum anymore and you still would be going strong, wouldn't you boy?"

I was once again unable to speak due to the intensity of the ass fucking. My only sounds were moans and grunts, as he continued to roughly pound my tight young asshole. I hard pound at the door made me jerk, but he kept on fucking me hard and deep without missing a beat. He did yell out, "What is it? I'm busy with a customer."

I then heard Tom's deep voice answer, "Yeah, I bet you are and I bet I know which customer you are busy with. Hurry up and fuck that boy. We got customers coming in. So the faster you cum in him, the faster you can actually do your job."

He growled out, "Fine. Just give me a minute or two to finish inside him, and I'll be right out."

He had continued to roughly fuck my ass, as he and Tom had their back and forth through the door. He apparently really did have to get back to work soon, because he suddenly said "Ok, boy hold on to something, because I am about to punish your asshole. I have got to get this nut out and I am going to shoot it right up your ass."

With that he really fucked my ass harder and deeper than before. The workbench was moving and swaying even more than it had when Tom had fucked me. I actually thought some of the hanging tools might fall off the peg board from how much they were moving back and forth. His grunts and moans had quieted down, as he put all of his energy and concentration into fucking my asshole until he filled me with his cum. My moans had grown louder as his had grown quiet. I could really tell that he wanted to cum soon, and was using my asshole to accomplish this. I again felt so dirty and used by these two guys, and it made me all the more horny because of it. 

I began to clench my asshole as hard as I could around his hard cock. He let loose a loud moan of pleasure as my asshole clenched tightly around his hard cock as it thrust in and out of me. He growled out through gritted teeth, "Just like that, boy. Keep your asshole nice and tight for me. I'm getting close now, you little fuck boy. Fuck, that ass feel so damn good wrapped around my hard cock. That's it right there. Yes, boy. Fuck! Here it comes, boy!"

I then felt the amazing feeling of his hot cum exploding into my well used ass. God, I loved to feel hot cum flowing into me after a good hard ass fucking. I moaned as I continued to feel him fill me with his hot seed. I felt every spurt of it erupt from his pulsing cock. I kept my asshole clenched as tightly as I could, to help him milk his cock inside me. With a grunt, he withdrew his cock from my asshole and zipped himself back up. I stood up and zipped my pants back up, and tried to calm my breathing. He smirked at me and handed me his own business card identifying his name as Mark. His card, just like Tom's, also had an email address and a cell phone number. I sent him a quick text like I had Tom, so he would also have my number. Mark than smacked me on the ass, as he led me out the door.

I nodded to Tom as I walked from the store. I smiled as I felt the two large loads of cum filling me perfectly. I loved the feeling of my ass filled with cum as I walked around. I hoped that this would be the first of many encounters with these two men.