 I recently visited New York for the first time in some years and I of course could not forget based my encounter with another man.

In my early forties, I was in New York on a business trip just a few weeks after the terrible tragedy of 9/11. My trip involved me staying over the weekend. On the Friday evening, I went out to dinner with friends, had a great time and rather too much to drink. The next morning, I was up and in the hotel gym trying to shake the hangover, the sauna and steam room helped too. Then I enjoyed the hotel's great buffet breakfast. As I set out into mid-town, I was feeling pretty good, in that post-hangover phase when you feel really alive again!

I wanted to shop. One of my first stops was a well-known American men's clothes store on 5th Avenue. The store was spread over 3 floors and I ended up on the top floor. The assistant was serving a couple and I helped myself to some chinos and jeans and went to the changing room to try them on. By this time, the couple had left and the assistant came over to the changing room to see if I needed any help. He was really friendly and charming and I thought he was just being a really conscientious salesman when he came into the changing room.

It was a proper-sized changing room, not a tiny cubicle, with a bench at one end and a broad full length mirror. I had the first pair of trousers on and stood to look at myself in the mirror. The assistant was very attentive and complimentary - I keep myself in pretty good shape but I am no tall blonde adonis: I'm 5ft8 and of average build.

The assistant stood behind me talking all the time, describing how well the trousers fitted around my waist, emphasising this by touching the waist-band. Then he said how well they fitted down my legs and ran his hands down the outside of my thighs before then complimenting me on the fit at the front. For the briefest moment, his hand rested on my groin, then he went out into the shop looking for shirts to go with the trousers.

I was stunned, nervous and yes a little bit excited. I wondered if that last touch had been intentional - this thought did excite me - or if I had over-reacted to just an over the top attentiveness from a regular shop assistant. I had already noticed he was wearing a wedding ring, so I wanted to dismiss these thoughts. He was probably in his late 20s/early 30s, Latin-looking, very smiley. I decided I could have been imagining things, especially as my post-hangover mood was in that state where you feel really horny: I was just getting carried away.

But I could not dampen my excitement as I pulled on another pair of trousers, wondering if the assistant would come back into the changing room and repeat his action. Sure enough, he walked back into the changing room carrying some shirts, talking away about how good he thought the colours would be for me, how they would suit the trousers I was trying. There was still no one else on the floor.

As I stood to check the trousers in the mirror, the assistant stood behind me again and went through the same ritual, complimenting me on the fit. My heart was beating fast, my breath short, and I was aroused - if he repeated the touch on the trouser front, he would feel my cock semi-erect. Again his hand rested on my groin as he spoke about the fit. But this time, feeling me hardening, his hand stayed there.

"You're liking this, aren't you?" he said, smiling, and when I said "Yes" in reply, he began to rub his hand up and down my now rapidly hardening cock.

"I've never done anything remotely like this," I said. He spoke softly, assuring me that it was ok.

I turned around and for the first time in my life kissed a man full on the mouth as our hands began to explore each other's bodies. Increasing the excitement beyond the already wild level we were at was the knowledge that we were in public, that we could be seen or have to stop at any time. Daniel (he later told me his name) pushed the changing room door open wide enough so we could see if anyone came up the stairs.

Then he turned to me and unbuttoned my trousers and pulled them down to my ankles. My cock was the most erect I had ever seen it, protruding through my boxers. Daniel was unbuttoning his own trousers and again for the first time I was staring at a beautiful erect cock of another man. It was slightly bigger than mine in length and in girth. I had to touch it

For the first time in my life, my hand was rubbing a gorgeous engorged erect penis! Then I had to have it in my mouth. I knelt down and pulled Daniel's erect cock into my mouth, tasting a cock for the first time. I was so incredibly aroused. Daniel pulled me up, saying he was not really into being sucked and pulled me around as he sat down on the bench in the changing room. With my back to him, he pulled me down into his lap, all the time telling me how much I turned him on. He pulled and pushed me up and down and with a gasp of sharp arousal tinged with fear at the riskiness of our whole situation, I felt his hard cock pressing against my anus - he wanted to fuck me - and I wanted him to fuck me.

A noise on the stairs told us someone was coming up to the top floor. Daniel speedily adjusted himself and left the changing room, breezily welcoming the new customer. I was gulping for air in the changing room, my cock ready to burst, my brain swirling, my heart beating as fast as if I had just run a 100 metre sprint. Yes, this was my first physical encounter with another man, but, although married for 20 years, I had never stopped fantasising about sex with a man from the moment my sexuality emerged at the start of puberty. I knew that this was what I wanted.

I left the changing room and went to the counter to pay for my clothes. Other customers were now on the floor, but only Daniel - this was when we exchanged names - and I were at the counter. I asked him if that was something that happened a lot. "Usually, only with European customers," he said. I asked about the wedding ring, he said he was married with a very young baby - which somehow made me feel more comfortable with what had happened. He was from Ecuador, and I told him I was from London. He asked where I was staying, which was a hotel just a few blocks away. Then he asked if he could come and see me there after work.

By this time, my passion had diminished and I was shaken by the whole experience. I told him I didn't think it was a good idea, but he clearly wanted to do this. He said he would be in London soon for training at the Bond Street store - could he see me then? Though thoughts of spending time with him in London rushed through my head, again I said I didn't think it was a good idea. He let it go and we chatted some more about our families as he processed my bill. As he handed me back my credit card, he also gave me a business card from the shop, writing his name across the top and telling me to call him if I changed my mind about this evening. I said OK, feeling aroused but confused because I was acknowledging to myself, even though now out of the heated situation we had been in while in the changing room, that this encounter might not yet be over.

He said he would go down to the ground floor with me and, being America, of course there was a lift, even though the store only had three levels. In the lift he leaned forward to me and we kissed passionately. As we broke apart, he joked that should give the security guard something to think about, looking at the CCTV camera in the lift. "Call me" he said as we shook hands and I left the store.

I went off and shopped some more. Manhattan was beginning to come alive again, for the first time since 9/11. The streets and shops were filling up, a wedding party was crowded round the entrance to St Patrick's cathedral. I did my bit to boost the New York economy, trying to focus on my shopping and not on what had just happened to me - or what might yet happen to me.

Eventually, I had shopped enough and I had to think about Daniel and his request. I went into a hotel bar and ordered a cocktail, although it was really mid-afternoon - I needed a strong drink to try to calm my nerves - or possibly to loosen my caution. I could not decide what to do: part of me was hugely excited, part of me was nervous and scared and thinking this was too risky to go through with.

I left the bar still uncertain, so I went to another, this time knowing that I was trying to loosen up enough to call Daniel and invite him to my room. After the second drink, I decided I would return to the store, look at him again and then decide what to do.

By this time the store was busy, so I could walk in unobtrusively. Daniel was now working on the ground floor, folding some clothes. He looked up and saw me and came over. This was going to happen. I told him my hotel and room number. He told me he would be with me around 7pm; he was supposed to be going out for a drink to celebrate a colleague's birthday, but he would pull out of that and his wife would not be expecting him home until late. He asked me to buy some champagne.

Back in the hotel, I showered and changed, putting on some of the clothes that had created this possibility. I was nervous as hell. I had stopped off at a drug store to buy condoms, so part of me knew what was going to happen, part of me was being cautious, part of me thought these were likely to be an unnecessary prop - even though I knew what a huge risk that would represent.

Daniel arrived. I was in one of Manhattan's 5-star hotels and because I was staying over the weekend, I had been given a large suite which made me look a bit more of a big cheese than I really am! No matter, this and the champagne impressed Daniel and he was very excited. Soon we were kissing passionately, exchanging champagne in our mouths, our tongues frantically licking each other, tasting each other.

Soon we were naked. Daniel was largely covered in black hair. Being quite hairy myself, I found this a huge turn-on. Our cocks were pressed against each other as we kissed and lay on the bed. I told Daniel this was completely new to me, he had to take the lead. He constantly reassured me, telling me he had had very few encounters like this, but our meeting was electrifying for him.

He turned me around so that my back was towards him. His cock pressed against my anus and he began gentle short thrusting movements while his hands explored my body, holding onto my cock, kissing my neck.

"I have condoms", I said nervously. He replied that he did not use them, but I was not to worry, he was safe. I didn't feel comfortable about this but at the same time I wanted him inside me, I wanted his naked cock sliding into my arse, flesh on flesh. By now his foreskin was retracted and I almost swooned to feel the naked head of his cock against me.

"Fuck me, Daniel, please fuck me," I said. At this, he pulled me up on my knees and positioned himself behind me. He licked his index finger and slid it inside me - I almost came then and again when a second finger slid inside me.

"Are you ready for me," he asked. "Fuck me!" I shouted and he thrust his cock into my gaping yearning hole. "Uuuuuhhh!" I grunted again and again, as his powerful cock was pushed in and out of me, stretching my anus, pressing against my insides, pressurising my prostate. Daniel was grunting too, then shouted as the thrusts quickened sharply, almost blurring into one before there was a big pull-back followed by an almost violent thrust and I felt his come shoot inside me, again and again. My own cock exploded all over the bed, my mind, my heart exploded all over the life I had lived to date. This was better than anything I had ever experienced with my wife - and we had an adventurous and vigorous sex life, if more of an occasional than a regular event.

Daniel pulled out of me and we turned and kissed full of lust and passion for each other, our cocks pressed against each other and our come spreading over each other's skin. Within minutes, to my astonishment, we were both as hard as we had been.

"Now you fuck me," said Daniel. He lay down on his back and pushed his bum up in the air. I knelt over him, and though I knew he did not really like oral (I never worked out why), I bent down and took his lovely hard cock in my mouth, tasting his come, tasting me on him. "Please," he said, "your cock inside me." Like a seasoned practitioner, I pushed his legs around me and rested his gorgeous bum on my knees. I licked my right hand and slid first one then two fingers inside him - his cock leapt and the top glistened with pre-cum and my saliva.

Then for my first time, I slid my cock that had never been this hard and full before into a man's ass - I thought I would come immediately, but managed to pull back from that sensation. I thrusted myself in and out of him, laughing with the sheer exhilaration of doing what I had fantasised about for thirty years. Daniel was pulling on his cock, I so wanted to be able to take it in my mouth but fucking him was too amazing to stop. Soon, I had that tell-tale feeling and before I knew it I was coming inside my lover's ass, thrust after thrust, as he masturbated himself to a climax until his cum flew all over my chest, my face, my hair.

I pulled out of him and bent my head over his cock which was still shooting, his cum filling my mouth. He pulled me up to him and kissed me deeply, his tongue probing and tasting his own cum. We lay together for some time, holding each other. We had bonded in a way I did not think was possible, this was not just sex it was something deeper, larger.

But we had to say goodbye and accept it was just a chance but one we were both glad to have taken. Memories of this experience have given me so many subsequent orgasms, and I hope you feel inspired by my story. Though I have not repeated the encounter and have stayed resolutely heterosexual, following my marriage break-up, I now have much more freedom and I know it will not be long before I go looking for another encounter like this.