 "Yeah, yeah, just... trying to find my clothes."

"OK, listen, you're not in trouble. Are these your pants?"

"Yeah. I. Uh... look... " 

"You're a student, right?"

"Yeah."

"Thought so. Here's your other shoe. Get dressed and I'll get you back to campus."

The campus cop introduced himself as Mike, and helped me upstairs. He was nice. Sympathetic. I was confused as hell: Was this just a trick to get me to confess to something? Was he being extra nice because he was trying not to be homophobic?

In the back seat of the cruiser, my ass felt sloppy with come, and I was pretty sure my face and hair were visibly caked with it, too. It was only when the car pulled up at the campus health center that I realized what was going on: They thought I'd been raped.

Humiliation flooded through me again. I don't remember exactly what the nurse on duty said, but I know I must have looked like hell, because pretty quickly my clothes were in plastic bags and I was wearing one of those hospital gowns and sitting on an examination table. She must have told me her name, but I don't even remember what it was.

"What did they do to you, honey?"

I couldn't quite find a way to explain it. She asked probing questions as she looked for cuts and bruises, checked my blood pressure, looked in my eyes. No, he hadn't threatened me. They. Yes, there were several. No, they didn't force me. No, I don't remember how many. I don't think they used condoms. I didn't notice. No, I hadn't been drinking. 

"I ... I took a... Viagra, I guess?"

I blushed, again, more, as she told me she wanted to examine my anus for injuries.

"Does this hurt?"

No. No it doesn't. I guess all the stretching Erik had made me do had paid off. It didn't hurt at all.

"It doesn't look like you've got any injuries. A little tender?" 

"Um... no... it's fine."

In fact. Oh god. It felt good. And the nurse had two fingers inside my ass.

"You're pretty stretched out here. Is this really what you wanted them to do?"

I almost cried with relief as I confessed: "Yes. I wanted it. I loved it."

And it was obvious I was telling the truth because I was, again, hard. She turned her fingertips upwards, pressing against my prostate, and a bead of pre-come appeared on the tip of my cock.

"What is it about undergrad boys that they're just led around by their cocks?"

She took her fingers out of my ass, leaving it gaping and empty, drooling come and lubricant. She called out toward the door: "Hey Mike, you better come in here." He appeared, looking concerned, then confused. She explained quickly: "Looks like you didn't find a crime in progress at all - You just interrupted an orgy."

"It looks like it's still going on, doesn't it?"

"Yes. I mean, look at how hard he is. And that hole is stretched out to hell. Look at all that come oozing out of him."

She plunged two fingers back into my ass, and I could hear it squelching. It was like I wasn't even there. Like I was watching myself from somewhere else. I couldn't move. 

In slow motion, he reached out and rubbed his fingers around my balls and asshole, and then slid one in next to hers. They looked at each other like they'd found a prize and then pulled their hands off me at the same time. "You want to watch me fuck him?"

"You know I do."

He undid his heavy cop utility belt and took it off, but left his pants on, just unzipping himself and pulling out his cock. I didn't remember how many cocks I'd seen that night but this one, just like all the others, seemed to hypnotize me. 

Mike loomed over me, his face right against mine, and I thought he was going to kiss me. Had I even been kissed by any of the men I'd fucked tonight? I don't think so. Do boys not kiss? They must. Just not Erik and his friends.

Or Mike. He brushed his face against mine and then pulled away and I felt him pushing against my asshole. Inside me. With my legs up on the stirrups, I was wide open and he pressed against my prostate again and again, insistently, bouncing my erect penis back and forth. 

The nurse was standing off to the side, watching everything, with one hand down her pants. I grabbed my own cock and started tugging at it furiously but she slapped my hand away.

It didn't take long before Mike was groaning and the nurse was saying again and again "come inside him, come for me come for me, lemme see that come." She gasped and twitched, and Mike groaned one more time, and pulled out, and I felt more come dripping out of me onto the paper cover of the exam table.

I got dressed and Mike offered me a ride. I figured it was better not -- I didn't want to draw attention. I didn't want to go back to my own dorm, with my roommate, so I slunk back to Erik's dorm. Nobody was in the common area and I made it to his door without anyone seeing me. He went to embrace me but then stopped, evidently not wanting to get totally filthy. 

"Want a shower and some clean clothes?"

I did. 

Leaving my clothes on the floor of his room, I wrapped myself in his towel and we walked up the hall to the common bathroom. It was about 2AM and nobody was around, so I didn't feel too awkward leaving the shower curtain open and telling Erik about what had happened after the party got busted up. Of course, the Viagra was still working, and as I told him, I started to get hard again, and so did he. 

He took off his clothes and joined me in the shower, kissing me again, running his hands over my chest and down to my ass. It was a little sore by now and it felt good to have him hold my cheeks open and let the warm water run over my hole. Soon enough he pushed me down towards his cock and I knelt on the shower floor, water pouring over me, immersed in getting him as far into my mouth as I could. At some point he turned off the water and the only sound was a quiet dripping and my mouth on his pole. 

Regardless of how quiet it was, I was so overwhelmed with his cock that I didn't hear the door open. He must have, though, because he flinched, and pulled away from me, before he saw who it was. It was the girl from the lounge earlier, now wearing a robe and slippers. He didn't say anything to her, but she looked at us with undisguised curiosity and hunger. She went into a stall opposite the showers and left the door open as she peed, and Erik put his cock back into my mouth. By now I knew what to do: Whatever Erik wanted.

When Erik came, flooding my mouth once again with semen, I looked up. She was standing by the shower watching us, robe open, with a hand not quite rubbing her pussy. 

"Nice show, boys."

Erik grunted noncommittally, catching his breath.

"You done with him for tonight? Can I borrow him?"

"Of course! Jonas, do what Emily says, OK?"

"Uh..." I said.

And Erik was gone. Emily handed me Erik's towel and wrapped up her robe. 

"Come on, it'll be fun! Judging by that cock of yours, you could use a good time."

I don't know why I followed. I guess because I was once again hard as a rock and hadn't come. 

She also had a single room, just a couple doors down from Erik. Letting her robe fall to the floor she guided me to the center of the room and looked at me like a piece of meat. It was kind of disconcerting. I'd looked at women that way, fully clothed of course, but I'd never really been looked at like that.

"Bend over, let me see that ass. Put your chest on the bed and prop yourself up. Nice. Spread your cheeks. Let me see that pussy."

Pussy? I'm a dude. I don't... oh. Right. My asshole.

I could hear her moving around, opening drawers, adjusting something. But I had my face in her sheets (in a strange girls' sheets! A strange, naked girl.)

I wasn't really surprised when I felt cold lubricant against my asshole, and her hot fingers inside me. 

"Go ahead and turn around."

A neon swirl of rubber penis jutted from her. That was a surprise.

"You wanna suck my cock?"

I did. I definitely did. I was drooling for it. 

"Oooh, I'm glad Erik let me borrow you tonight. We're going to have a good time."

She moved it toward my lips, and as I opened my mouth she ran it back and forth along them, then slapped my cheek with it gently.

"Lick it for me. Yeah...."

I wasn't quite sure what she was getting out of it, because it was hardly moving, but it seemed hot to her, and it definitely seemed dirty enough to me. My cock was, once again (still?) erect. Had I even come tonight? Once? A thousand times? I could barely remember. Was that yesterday?

She slid the dildo deeper into my mouth, almost gagging me. It was bigger than Erik's cock, that's for sure, although at least I didn't have to worry about it banging against my teeth. 

"You can hold it with your hand if you want to stop it from going too deep. Yeah, hold it like that..."

She pressed harder, slightly quicker -- not exactly fast, but the pressure from her fucking my face meant I was glad to be able to hold the base against my mouth to keep it from choking me. She slid her hand down her flat belly through dense curls and rubbed her clit slowly and then faster. She stopped thrusting, moaned, grunted, and shuddered.

She pulled the toy cock from my mouth and told me to lie back on the rug on her floor, then kneeled between my legs, sliding forward and waggling her dildo toward my balls. She rubbed it across my taint and giggled as my cock pointed urgently up at the ceiling. 

"You want it, don't you?"

I spread my legs, lifted my knees up a little.

"Yeah."

"Say it."

"I... I want it."

"You want what?"

She teased the fake penis against my slick asshole.

"I... I want you to... fuck me."

The very tip entered me.

"Like this?"

"Yes!"

"You want it deeper?"

"Yes?"

I was lifting my hips up, begging for it, trying to fuck my ass up against her, but she wouldn't give it to me. 

"You have ask for it!"

"Oh god, fuck me deeper." 

"No, louder."

"Please! Please fuck me!"

That came out louder than I meant. I'm sure it's what she meant though, because when I was loud about it she slid in deeper, smiling down at me, rubbing her clit again, arching her back to rub the head of the cock against my insides.

"Do want to come?"

"Please! Please! Oh god, I wanna come."

"Jerk that cock for me." 

Finally. 

"I want to see you come. Come for me, yeah."

I came. Oh god, I came, all over my chest and belly. And then she took the cock out, and got up on my face, and made me lick her until she came again. And again. And again. She pressed her pubis against my face so hard I thought my teeth would cave in and her knees would give out.

When I woke up in the morning wrapped in her blankets, my tongue was sore and my ass was sore, but I felt like I'd never slept better. She kissed me, wrapped me in a towel, and slapped my ass as I went out the door to find Erik and my clothes.

I rushed home, oblivious to anything else, and again desperately in need of a shower. I should have been more careful opening the door, but I was in a hurry, and my roommate was sitting at his computer, hunched over, and startled as I opened the door. We'd both walked in on each other once or twice jerking off, and sort of pretended it hadn't happened.

"Oh hey, sorry to surprise you, man. I was out all night..."

"No, it's cool." He seemed less annoyed, almost... creepy about it. 

And then I heard the video that was playing on his computer. I'd never forget that girl's voice:

"Oh gawwwwd, he's really getting FUCKED."