 "Dirty boy!" he whispered, grinning. "Keep going."

My hand was frozen on my cock as he closed the stall door behind him, locked it, and turned again to face me. 

"I said, keep going." Louder, although still just above a whisper. He wasn't kidding around. His voice was uncanny. I started to rub my cock, still covered in cum and my own spit. 

He unzipped his pants. I'd barely had a chance to look at his face – clean-cut, muscular, wearing a ballcap, looking for all the world like any average jock on campus – but once his cock came out, that was all I could see.

"I'm not" I began.

"I know what you are. Open up. And don't stop jerking that cock of yours."

I opened up. I let a new cock into my mouth. I kept tugging at my own cock, not quite as large as his but equally stiff. He fucked my face hard, sliding back and forth against my tongue and lips. I didn't understand what was happening, but the abuse and novelty of it, the confusion, turned me on. I knew this was something I shouldn't be doing – even if I were gay, I wouldn't want to be sucking some random in the library - but I couldn't stop.

I was dying to come, but whenever I got close he'd thrust further into my mouth, gagging me, or he'd pull back and slap my cheeks. He shot his first blast into my mouth, then pulled out and hit me right in the eye. It stung. He laughed. That stung even more.

He grabbed some toilet paper and bent over me, wiping my eyes off, then licking my face clean. 

"Stand up."

I stood up, now thoroughly confused. He turned me to face away from him, and I began to be afraid that he'd want to fuck me in the ass. I wasn't ready for that, no way. He put his left hand on my ass and the other on my cock and began to push me back and forth. He wasn't just tugging at my cock, but at my whole body, moving me backwards and forwards to make my penis move through his fist, slick with come and spit.

I moaned incoherently as his middle finger grazed my asshole, and then he stopped just as suddenly.

"You don't come until I say. You ask permission."

"Unh."

He resumed. "Do you want to come?"

"Unh."

"Whats that?"

"Yes!"

"Say please!"

"Please, can I come?"

"Not yet." He stopped again.

"What will you do if I let you come?"

I wasn't sure what to say. 

"Will you do whatever I say?"

His hands were still on me. They squeezed slowly. I had no will.

"Yes!"

"Do you promise?"

"Yes!"

"Come for me."

His hands sped up, rocking me over and over again.

"Yeah, gimme that come, dirty boy. You're gonna come when I say. Do it."

I came rapidly, forcefully.

"Now, you owe me. Lincoln hall, side entrance, ten tonight. Be there."

Then he was gone. I wiped the remaining semen off myself with toilet paper, pulled my pants up, and walked on shaky legs over to the bathroom mirror. I was flushed, and there was still some ooze on my eyebrows. I washed my face with cold water, dried off with paper towels, and got myself into some sort of presentable shape. I didn't actually look any different from before, but I'd just had the most intense and unexpected sexual experience of my nineteen years. 

With a guy.

And he'd asked me to choose, of my own accord, to come back for more. 

And I was thinking about doing it.

I pushed the thought from my mind. I'd gotten off, I'd cleaned the pipes, that was all. I just needed to do that to finish my paper, and I had. It had been weirder than expected, but whatever, it got the job done and then some. I'd be able to concentrate now. I returned to my table at the library, ignored the stickiness of my cock in my jeans, and finished my paper. 

Back at the dorm, I took a long shower, imagining I was washing off the shame of sucking two dicks and begging a strange man for permission to come. As I thought about what I was trying to wash away, though, I began to get hard again. Super embarrassing to have to walk back to my room in a towel with a hardon, so I turned the water to cold until I was focused only on that, and then dried off.

It was eight PM. Wednesday night. Not exactly a party night, but my roommate was on his way out for a "study date." He used his fingers to make the air-quotes, meaning he was going to start going over philosophy notes with some girl from his class, then get high, then roll around on the floor until her roommate came back and threw them out. 

Nine PM, and I couldn't sit still. Was I going to go over to Lincoln hall? Of course I was, but I lied to myself about it for almost an hour, getting dressed like I was going out to the library again, or maybe to the campus writing center for help revising the paper, or to a party to blow off steam. I knew where I was going, but I didn't want to admit it. I changed my underwear twice. Who picks out lucky underwear for a study session? 

When I showed up, he was waiting. Which was good, because I didn't even know his name, and I couldn't exactly ask where he was. Not that he knew my name, I didn't think.

"I knew you'd show up, dirty boy. Come on in."

Lincoln hall was one of the senior dorms. Frosh like me didn't go there unless we were invited. I'd never been invited. It looked a lot like my dorm, to be honest, but the rooms were bigger and there were fewer people sharing them. 

Finally he introduced himself. "I'm Erik, by the way."

"I'm..."

"Jonas, yeah, I know. I looked you up."

If I hadn't already been off guard, that would have done it.

We got to his room, and stepped inside, and I began to worry about what I'd gotten myself into.

"Erik, look, I'm not...."

"Jonas, I know what you are. You're a dirty cocksucking little whore and I'm going to make you love it. Now strip."

I hesitated.

"Let me tell you how this is going to work. You're going to do whatever I say. Not because you have to, but because you need to. Because you want it. I know you want it, and I'm going to make you admit that. If you really want to walk away, you can. But I know you won't. So, do what I say."

I looked at the floor.

"Take. Off. Your. Pants."

I obeyed. The more I did it, the easier it got. 

I took off my pants, and my shoes, and my shirt. I took off my underwear and showed him my cock. I got on my hands and knees on his bed and let him look at my asshole, afraid he was going to fuck me right then and there, but still doing it anyway, my prick stiff and dripping the whole time.

"I'm not going to fuck you."

Relief.

"Not tonight."

Worry.

"I'm going to make you beg for it first."

Serious fear. 

He ordered me onto my back and told me to lift my legs up, then pulled a bottle of massage oil from his bureau and poured some onto my cock.

"Go ahead, start jerking off. Don't come yet."

I did what he said. 

"You fuck yourself in the ass?"

"What?"

"Answer me, do you fuck yourself in the ass when you jerk off?"

"No...."

"You've never stuck anything in your ass?"

"Well..."

"What?"

"I... I rub my asshole sometimes, if... ."

"Do it now."

I put an oil-slick finger to my asshole, rubbed it back and forth a bit.

"Stick it in, whore."

I obeyed, my asshole twitching in response.

"Good."

He'd pulled his own cock out, stiff, proud.

"Two."

"What?"

"Fuck it, I'll do it for you."

He oiled up his own fingers, then rubbed them against my ass.

"Keep going, dirty boy."

He didn't have to tell me. I was on my back with my legs in the air, masturbating furiously. 

He slid a finger into my anus. Two fingers. Tight. It hurt, a little, but it also felt good. Deep inside me, I could feel them pressing against me from behind. My cock drooled.

"You're tight. We're gonna have to work on that."

He thrust again, pushing me backwards onto my shoulders, my ass more and more in the air as I kept wanking, my cock now pointed at my face, him looking down at me, working my asshole and tickling my balls.

"Should I let you come again?"

"Yes!"

"Yes what?"

"Yes please!"

"Ask for it."

"Please, may I come?"

Yeah, he let me come again. All over my face. But this time, when I'd come, it wasn't over. He didn't let me wash it off. He made me kneel and take his cock in my mouth again. This time I wasn't in a haze of frustrated orgasm. I knew what I was doing: I was sucking a dick. A dick of a guy I'd just met today. 

The thought humiliated me, and turned me on. Even as he taunted me, even as I gagged a little on his cock, my own erection returned.

"You've got come on your face, you little cocksucking whore. Do you want more?"

I couldn't answer-- there was a dick in my mouth. All I could do was grunt. 

"Yeah, you do. You're a natural. You know you need it." 

And like just earlier that afternoon, he started to come in my mouth, and directed the rest all over my face. It felt electric, seeing him explode onto me.

"Now, look at yourself in the mirror. Go ahead, get up close and take a good look at yourself." 

I walked over to the full-length mirror that was on the back of his door. My lips were swollen and shiny and my face was glazed with my own semen and his. It dripped into my mouth, and onto my chin. My tongue was slick with him. It looked like the the face of a girl who'd been sucking dicks in a porn video. Of a guy sucking dicks in a porn video.

"What do you look like?"

"Uh, I look, um..."

"You look filthy. You look like a cocksucking little bitch."

He stood behind me, looking at me in the mirror over my shoulder, rubbing his softening cock against my ass, tickling my renewed erection in the mirror. 

"And you look like you enjoy it."

"Uh, I guess."

"Say it."

"What?"

"Say you enjoy it. Say you're a cocksucking whore and you love it."

He squeezed my cock again, and I trembled. I was totally in his power.

"I'm a cocksucking whore. I love it."

"You're going to do whatever I tell you."

"I'm going to do whatever you tell me."

"Good."

His other hand found my asshole, and wriggled its way inside.

"Now, we're going to see how much you meant that."