 PRELUDE

Kurt woke up Saturday with a morning erection and he rolled over expecting to find Sandy but the other bed was empty. Kurt was disappointed that Sandy had already left his bed as he would have loved fucking that curvy ass first thing that morning. He reached down and took a hold of his 7+" thick cock and stroked it slowly. He thought back to last night when he had fucked Sandy three times without removing his cock. It was their last night together. They had been at it for hours and it was Sandy who was curious to see how many times Kurt could cum without removing his cock from the incredible ass.

As Kurt replayed the marathon of sex from the night before he heard his roommate in the bathroom. He decided to get out of bed and join the cute effeminate blonde. He swung his muscular legs out of bed and they supported his 6'2" chiseled body. At 26 years of age Kurt was proud of his physique and stature. He made his way to the bathroom and found Sandy standing over the sink brushing his teeth. He took his morning piss and washed his face and hands. The cold water felt good on his hazel eyes and he ran the washcloth over his short brown hair. Next he turned his attention to the pretty gay blonde.

Kurt's eyes were fixated on Sandy's sweet round ass encased in his tight sleep shorts. He still couldn't believe that he had actually fucked that sweet ass all week and now they would be saying goodbye. He stared at it as it protruded under the snug fabric; he felt his cock stiffen and unable to resist the allure of the curvy bottom, he closed the distance between them. He moved close to the pretty blonde and reached out with both hands and cupped the lovely buttocks. Sandy flinched at first and then relaxed as Kurt massaged the firm round globes. He cooed and leaned back into Kurt as the hands slipped inside the shorts and fondled the bare flesh.

Sandy reached behind him and located his temporary lover's hard cock. Kurt pushed the sleep shorts down and they slid all the way to the ankles. Not a word was spoken between them. Kurt moved in closer and let his cock rest in the crack of the irresistible ass. Sandy moved his butt up and down using his buttocks to massage the stiff dick. Kurt couldn't wait any longer as he just had to fuck the pretty young gay one last time. Sandy took the lotion on the counter and used it to lubricate his anal passage. He also coated Kurt's cock with it.

Kurt made sure that his cock was well lubed before he pressed forward and let it sink into the receptive ass. Sandy leaned forward and arched his back causing his ass to look even more appealing. Kurt sunk his cock all the way in and then retreated keeping just the head in, being careful not to let it slip out. He continued his slow steady fucking motion until he felt his imminent ejaculation. 

He pulled out and sprayed his load all over the lily white buttocks that contrasted with the rest of the golden tanned body. Then using his still stiff cock he pushed the semen around on the bare bottom. Scooping some up with his cock head he moved it to Sandy's anus. Kurt then pushed his cock back into the marvelous ass and let the sphincter milk it dry. Sandy contracted his sphincter around the thick shaft several times squeezing any remaining semen from the big cock. Eventually it softened and slipped from the ass that would be remembered for a long time.

Kurt used a hand towel to wipe the semen from the lovely buttocks and clean his dick. He continued to marvel at the pretty gay as Sandy looked very much like girl from behind. He had long blonde hair that covered his ears and the nape of his neck. His 5'6" body was slender and shapely. He had very nice legs and an absolute killer ass. Kurt thought back to their first night together when Sandy admitted he was gay and that he would love it if Kurt would be his top. Things moved quickly from there and Kurt found himself in bed fucking Sandy's sweet receptive ass every day and night. 

"Let's get cleaned up and get some breakfast. The shuttle will be here in two hours to take us to the airport," Kurt stated.

They tossed on shorts, tees and flip flops and headed for the buffet breakfast. They would have time to dress after they ate. After breakfast they headed back to the room and even then Kurt still admired the beautiful blonde's ass. He looked up at a sign in the lobby and smiled to himself. It read, "What happens in Hedonism II stays at Hedonism II." He would have never thought that he would have gotten so much pleasure from a bisexual encounter. However the week was over and it was time to head home and his normal life.

HOW IT BEGAN

Just two days before they were scheduled to depart to Jamaica, Kurt's girlfriend decided that she did not want to go. They had a big fight and it seemed to be the end of their relationship. He was pissed as he had never expected her to behave as she did. "Just as well that I found out now," he thought to himself.

He immediately called the travel agent who told him that there would be no refund. The agent told Kurt that he would see what he could do to salvage the trip. There was no way Kurt could still go to the all-inclusive couples resort by himself. He didn't have anyone else to ask and he waited until he heard from the agent.

"Okay here's the deal. I was able to get a small refund on the one airfare. Also I was able to get you into another all-inclusive resort as a single, Hedonism II."

"Hedonism II is that for swingers?"

"It's an all-inclusive resort for couples, singles and I believe that swingers go here as well. I hear it can get pretty wild at times but it's up to you what you engage in."

"What the hell? I might just need that after that bitch blew me off. Okay book it, I'll go."

"Great, so your flight is the same. Just take the shuttle to Hedonism II from the airport. Have fun!"

Kurt hung up the phone and let out a big sigh. At least he was still going on vacation and there would be plenty to keep his mind off of his former girlfriend. That Saturday he would board the direct flight from Chicago to Jamaica. One more day at the office and then he was on his way.

On Saturday morning the limo driver picked him up and dropped him off at the international terminal. He boarded his flight and hours later arrived in Jamaica. He cleared customs and took the shuttle to Hedonism II. Kurt was surprised how third world Jamaica appeared to be on the shuttle ride to the resort. It was his first time there and now he understood why his travel agent told him it was best to stay on the property and not explore the island on his own.

The nice thing about all-inclusive resorts is that you know exactly what your budget is for the week. Everything is paid for including tipping, except for any extras you choose once you are there. Kurt checked in at the front desk, filled out paperwork and turned his passport in with it. The resort provided save keeping for all documents which gave him peace of mind.

"You are all set Mr. Jennings. Wilson will show you to your room. Your roommate is Mr. Sandy Moore."

"Wait a roommate, my agent didn't say anything about a roommate."

"It's the resort policy to match singles up with comparable roommates. However in your case it was the only room we had left on such short notice." 

"Can't I have a single room?"

"Normally less if you pay the extra fee but as I said we are full and only had the one space available. I'm sure that things will work out as there are so many activities that you will only use the room to bathe and sleep."

Resolved to his situation, Kurt followed the bellman to his room. He remembered that he didn't have to tip but somehow it felt strange. He did tip Wilson who was very appreciative and told Kurt that if he tipped occasionally he would receive excellent service. U.S. dollars were worth about five Jamaican dollars, so a dollar went a long way.

Kurt changed into his shorts, a tee shirt and put on flip flops and then unpacked the rest of his clothing. He was about to leave the room when the door opened and an absolute drop dead gorgeous blonde entered. It took Kurt a minute to realize that the blonde was a guy. He had never seen such a good looking young man who was really pretty not handsome.

"Hi, you must be Kurt. I'm Sandy; we will be roommates for a week."

The golden tanned blonde extended his hand and Kurt shook it. He marveled at the soft effeminate feel of the young man's hand and held it a little longer than expected. 

"Hello Sandy, I'm Kurt as you guessed. It's nice to meet you. I was just leaving to walk around and check out the property."

"Oh, do you mind if I go with you? This is my first time here too."

"No, of course not, please join me."

"Great let me get out of these slacks."

Sandy walked passed Kurt to the dresser and removed some clothes. He stripped right in front of Kurt who admired the blonde's flawless smooth skin and virtually hairless body. When Sandy dropped his slacks and underwear, Kurt was treated to a look at his super fine ass. It was lily white and contrasted with the tanned body. It was an absolute marvelous looking bottom and Kurt thought that it was shapelier than any female derriere that he had ever encountered.

"There, I'm ready," Sandy said as he turned toward Kurt.

"Okay let's check this place out. The first stop is the main building and bar. We can get some drinks to take with us."

"Sounds like a plan," the blonde agreed.

They walked around the resort to check everything out. They decided to save the nude beach for last. They located the tennis courts, basketball court, the dive center, fitness center, the disco, various bars, the swimming pools, beach and finally the nude beach. All the while they toured the property; Kurt caught himself staring at Sandy magnificent ass every chance he got. He tried not to be so obvious but Sandy caught him a few times and smiled.

The nude beach also had a nude Jacuzzi which looked more like a swimming pool and there was bar at the nude beach. They both had a drink at the nude beach bar and checked out the people on the beach. There were singles, couples, young and old on the beach and they were all naked. Some people were very fit and others obviously out of shape. After a few drinks they returned to their room as it was almost time to get ready for dinner. 

As he showered Kurt recalled the guests at the resort. Most all the good looking women were with guys. He didn't spot any single women that he found appealing enough to take to bed. Although he was sure that as the week progressed they would become more appealing. However the single guys outnumbered the single women by at least 3 to 1. Kurt had also noticed a number of gay guys hanging out together and that got him thinking about Sandy. Was he gay?

Sandy showered after Kurt and he was very casual about his nudity. Once again Kurt checked out the unbelievably good looking bottom. When they toured the property Kurt had learned that Sandy's friend had taken ill and had to miss the trip which is why Kurt was able to get into the resort. He also learned that Sandy was 23 years old although he looked like a teenager.

After they showered, they dressed in evening attire and then made their way up to the main building where the buffet dinner was served. Guests had two options for dinner, the buffet or an Italian restaurant. Reservations were needed for the Italian restaurant each evening so they dined at the buffet the first day. They had drinks at the bar before the buffet was open and looked over the schedule of entertainment and activities.

On Sunday night there was an Elvis impersonator, Monday there was calypso singer and on Tuesday evening was lingerie night at the disco. Wednesday evening was Reggae night and Thursday evening was the toga party at the disco. Friday was an open evening with a dance party at the disco. There was also a sing-along bar open every evening. A tennis tournament was scheduled for Thursday and Friday during the day. There were snorkeling and dive trips scheduled each day and pick-up basketball and volleyball games happened almost every day. There was something for everyone.

The buffet opened for dinner so Kurt and Sandy fixed a plate and found a place to sit down. The dining area was huge but it filled up quickly and soon there were six other people sitting at the table. Everyone was very friendly and the dinner conversation was pleasant. After dinner, people made their way to the disco or to the sing-along bar. Kurt and Sandy decided to check out the sing-along bar where the mike was passed around.

There were some very good singers and some very bad ones too but everyone was having fun. They met some couples and singles at the bar and had friendly conversations. Kurt and Sandy were encouraged by others to check out the nude Jacuzzi where anything might happen. Sandy said he would pass but Kurt was curious. They returned to their room and Kurt changed into his swim suit. Sandy still opted to remain in the room.

Kurt headed to the nude Jacuzzi. When he arrived he saw several people already engaged in sexual activities. The two women that he saw earlier that evening at the piano bar were standing in the Jacuzzi and they were sucking the cocks of their partners who sat on the edge. Kurt quickly realized that he was the only one wearing a bathing suit so he shed it quickly and sat down on the edge of the Jacuzzi with his feet in the water. Kurt looked around and saw another pretty blonde licking the pussy of a brunette woman sitting on the edge. A man was behind the pretty blonde fucking her as she ate the brunette's cunt. He wondered if the guy was with the blonde or the brunette.

Kurt then spotted other guys behind the two women sucking cocks and began to fuck them. He noticed that the women's husbands had their heads back and the women were bobbing up and down quicker on their cocks. He was sure that the two husbands had cum in their wives mouths. He continued watching the foursome and then he saw the women lift their heads up from their husband's cocks. The women then kissed each other and he wondered if they were swapping cum with each other. Then a guy with a huge cock sat down of the Jacuzzi's edge between the two husbands and within minutes the two women had the enormous cock standing at attention. 

The two women seemed enamored with the impressive organ as they played with it, kissed it and sucked it. They passed the cock back and forth to each other and they appeared to be in no hurry to make him cum. The other two guys continued to fuck the two women from behind as they worked on the massive cock and their husbands just sat by and watched. Kurt looked over at the pretty blonde and she was still eating the brunette's pussy but a different guy was now fucking her from behind. Kurt realized that his cock was rock hard so he lowered his body into the water to conceal his erection.

Kurt decided that he had enough for one night so he pulled himself up out of the Jacuzzi and located his bathing suit. He put on his bathing suit and gave one last look around before heading back to his room. Some people were still having sex but it was clear that the activities were winding down and people were leaving. He had been tempted to join in but decided against it on his first night there. Maybe as the week went on he would get bolder. Kurt started walking back to his room.

As he passed the locker room and pump house near the Jacuzzi he heard some voices and spotted some movement behind the buildings. Suspecting that others were having sex his curiosity got the best of him. He quietly moved through the bushes to see who was behind the building. Kurt was shocked to see three guys together with their bathing suits pushed down to just above their knees. 

A cute almost pretty blonde haired guy was standing between two dark haired guys. At first he thought it was Sandy but upon closer scrutiny he realized it wasn't. The blonde had a cock in each hand and he stroked them both. The dark haired guys each had one of the blonde's buttocks in their hands as they kissed his neck and toyed with his nipples. Kurt watched as the two dark haired guys maneuvered the blonde onto all fours. Then the blonde sucked on one cock as he got fucked with the other. Kurt had never seen gay sex even in porno movies and he was mesmerized by the act. The three guys were so good looking with smooth hairless bodies that he found the scene to be very erotic. He watched them until they all ejaculated.

The guy fucking the blonde pulled out of the blonde's ass and shot his load onto the blonde's back and buttocks. Then he put his cock back in the blonde's ass and fucked him until his cock softened and slipped from the blonde's asshole. The other guy pulled his cock from the blonde's mouth and shot his load past the blonde's face onto his back and shoulders. Then the blonde took the cock back in his mouth and sucked it dry. Finally the blonde rolled over on his back and one of the dark haired guys sucked and jerked the blonde guy's cock. The blonde shot an enormous load onto his own body covering his chest and pubes. 

At that point Kurt moved away from the threesome and headed to his room. He realized that he had a boner again and he was surprised that the gay sex had got him so excited. As he walked to the room he thought of Sandy and his lovely ass. He wondered if he could bring himself to fuck that incredible ass or if he could even let the blonde suck his cock. Of course that was assuming that Sandy was gay and he didn't know that, at least not yet.

Kurt quietly entered the room and saw his roommate in the dim light. Sandy was sleeping in the nude and the bed sheet was just covering his legs from the knees down. He was sleeping on his belly and that super fine ass was prominently displayed. The way his one leg was tucked under him cause the shape of his buttocks to be emphasized even more. 

Staring at the alluring bottom for several minutes, Kurt had another boner. He couldn't take it any longer so he stripped and went into the bathroom to masturbate. He was careful to lock the bathroom door as he did not need to be seen jerking off. He tried to focus on the action in the nude Jacuzzi but his mind kept going back to the gay threesome and to Sandy's super fine ass. It didn't take long before Kurt was shooting a huge load into the toilet. 

He washed up afterward and waited until his erection subsided. At 26 years old he was still capable of multiple ejaculations and staying hard for a long time. The benefits of youth there was no substitute for it. He eventually put on his sleep shorts and went to his bed. He glanced at the lovely blonde's ass once more before getting in his own bed. He purposely turned away from the other bed and lay on his side so as not to stare at the incredible looking ass all night. 

SUNDAY -- DAY 2 AT HEDONISM

The next morning Kurt was up early and he looked over at his temporary roommate for the week. Sandy was in bed lying naked on his stomach without bed covers. His magnificent ass looked fantastic. It was as if someone added the buttocks to his slender body. Kurt was sure that the buttocks stuck out at least 12" from his lower back and legs. The cock and balls were not visible and he truly looked like a pretty girl sprawled naked in the bed. Kurt felt his cock surge in his sleep shorts and he was actually tempted to free it from its confines. He continued to stare at the incredible ass and he wondered what it would be like to fuck Sandy. Kurt thought to himself, "Would it really be that different fucking Sandy in the ass then it was butt fucking a young woman?" 

He imagined Sandy on all fours with his head down on the bed and his curvy ass in the air. He was convincing himself that he could bring himself to fuck the pretty blonde in the doggy position. He imagined his cock sliding in and out between the glorious ass cheeks and filling the warm anal passage. He again scolded himself for thinking that way and he still did not know if Sandy was gay. It took all his will power to refrain from taking it further. 
