 A note from James.

I apologise to both my bi and gay friends for the category I have selected for this. But where else can it fit?

Sorry guys, but enjoy

*****

Should I Stay the Night?

We jack each other off and...!

We had kissed and rubbed our naked bodies together. I had played with her nice, full tits and she had rubbed my dick, which was as good as fully hard, but not I realised completely erect. She pressed herself against it and I reached round her and gripped her arse. She has a nice arse; just a little fuller than it might be, but bloody good for her forty-five years. It is, shapely, reasonably pert and great to squeeze and grip. I slid my hand between the full cheeks and pressed my finger right on her hole. She wiggled it and grunted.

"No."

That meant no finger and certainly no fucking up there, but then there had only ever been a couple of fucks up there. Later, if I could be bothered to extend the foreplay, she might, just might let me get her on her front and lick it.

"How do you want it Kelly?" I asked.

"You choose."

I toyed with getting her on her front and trying for some rimming, but decided against it and instead opted to fuck now.

"Ok turn round and let me fuck you from behind with us on our sides."

And that is how my wife of twenty years and I made love the night before she went off on a golf trip to Portugal

*

"I don't know," I said to Ben a friend from the golf club whose wife had also gone on the trip.

"Don't know what?"

"Whether I would have an affair or not, I have not really cheated on Kelly."

Smiling and topping up my brandy glass with more delicious Hine XO he said. "What does not really cheated mean?"

"Good question."

"Gonna give me a good answer," he slurred.

"Not sure I have one," I said equally tentatively.

It was two days after the girls had pissed off to Portugal and I was at Ben and Kay's house to watch a football match. We had agreed that I would pop over, they live less than a quarter of a mile away, we would have a few beers, grill some steaks on the barbecue and watch the match that started at eight in the evening. I had walked to Ben's place and as it was nice and warm I was wearing shorts, pale beige ones with a white polo shirt and flip flops.

It had not worked out quite like the plan. The few beers had turned into three each and then a bottle of Chianti with the steaks. The match was absolute crap and totally boring so we had talked.

"It means I have not had an affair. Have you Ben?"

"Yes I had a short one with someone from work."

"How long."

"Three or four months."

"Any good?"

"Well the sex was great, but everything else was fucking awful."

"How?"

"The lying, the excuses, the leaving her, she was single so often I would leave her in bed in a hotel when I would have liked to stay the night."

"Jesus."

"And checking that I did not smell of her perfume or hair spray, remembering the lies I had told, it was fucking terrible."

"So would you have another?"

"No not unless I love her, but then that would be even worse."

"Yes I guess it would, I would hate to break up our family."

"So what about you and your not really thing?" Ben asked opening the bottle of Hine and pouring us both a snifter.

"Usual thing a couple of one nighters away on business, you know the scene."

"That all?"

"Well I have been to a few massage places."

"What those with happy endings."

"Yes. Have you?" I asked him.

"Yes twice."

"Easy, no strings sex isn't it?"

"Exactly and that's precisely what I need."

"Join the club," I replied as we cleared up and went indoors as it was getting a little chilly and we were both in shorts and polo shirts.

We sat next to each other to watch the match, but rather quickly we lost interest and talked more than we would had the game have been interesting.

After the beers and the red wine and now onto our third measures of Cognac I was feeling very warm and mellow and just slightly drunk.

"So how are things between you and Kelly," Ben asked.

"Ok I guess, considering the time we have been together, you and Kay."

"Yeah about the same, but sex has become a little boring."

My mind immediately went back a few nights to when Kelly had said our sexual farewells before her golf trip. It had been ok, alright, not bad but no more. We had climaxed, just about, but there had been no real buzz or pezazz.

"Mmmm I know what you mean. Has it with you and Kay?"

"Yes very much so."

"It's a bugger isn't it?"

"Certainly is. Mind if I smoke in here?"

"No of course not it's your house, in fact may I have one?"

"I never knew you smoked."

"I don't very often but I just feel like one tonight."

"What feeling adventurous are you James?"

Looking up as he held his lighter to my cigarette our gazes locked. He was turned slightly towards me and his left knee brushed against mine."

"What having a fag you mean?"

"Or any other way?"

'Fuck is he coming on, is he suggesting something between us?' I asked myself.

"What other way?"

Still not moving his knee away although both our cigarettes were now alight he said.

"I didn't tell you all about my er, um unfaithfulness to Kay."

"No, did you miss something?" I asked taking a long drag on the cigarette that made me cough as I had not had one for a few months.

"Yes James I did."

"And what was that?"

"I have been to a gay sauna a few times."

"Really," I muttered surprised, excited and interested as I had thought of going to one a few times. "Was it good?"

"From getting a buzz and getting off point of view yes it was."

"So did you?" I asked feeling a sense of arousal at the thought.

"Yes James I did."

"Did what?" I asked leaning forward and stubbing my cigarette out in the ashtray on the coffee table in front of us. That made my knee press more firmly against Ben, something that surprisingly I did not mind and did nothing to avoid.

"Got off?" He said as I felt his hand on my back.

"Really?"

"Yes a guy gave me a hand job in a sauna," he went on leaving his hand on my back just above my waist.

"And made you cum?" I asked straightening up realising that his hand was still on my back, though a little further up.

"Yes very much so," Ben replied slowly rubbing his hand up and down my back. "You never been?"

"No," I said sharply, although I didn't tell him that on a holiday in Sharm al Sheikh a Thai masseur did 'relieve' me after I got hard as he massaged me at a five star hotel.

"You should try it," he said as we looked into each other's eyes. "Ever fancied it?"

"To tell the truth Ben yes I have fancied it and have come near to trying it."

Looking me right in the eye, giving me a reassuring smile and pressing his leg more firmly against mine he said. "Well now James perhaps you will not need to."

"What?"

"Go to a gay sauna."

"Why not?"

"Because you can get here all you would get there, even a Jacuzzi," he said putting his other hand onto my bare knee.

"What, what do you mean Ben," I stammered pretty sure that I knew exactly what he meant.

Several times at the golf club and at parties I had seen hints of him being a little camp for he had made rather gay type suggestions. These were, though, only made when Kay was well out of sight and mind.

"Well we have a hot tub in the garden that I could turn on and anything else you need could I am sure be arranged," he said as he applied pressure to my back pulling me forward towards him as, at the same time, he slid his hand further up my leg. "Like me too?" He asked, confusing me.

"What?"

"Whatever you desire James," he went on moving his face near to mine.

'Fuck he's going to kiss me," I said to myself wondering what it would be like, but strangely not feeling worried.

"I don't know," I said in almost a groan as his face moved even closer and his hand slid past the hem of my shorts and onto the material.

"Have you ever kissed a man James," he asked.

"No, no I haven't," I said just as his lips brushed against mine.

At first he did not kiss me. Instead he brushed his lips round my mouth and then licked mine with his tongue. It was as if he was testing the waters and assessing me, which of course he was. He was looking to see whether I was up for it or whether I would reject him. I was slightly drunk with my head swimming a little and did not know either, what to do or, what I wanted. 

I was interested, of that there is no doubt for I had been increasingly curious about bi stuff for some time. I had that brief experience in Sharm when the masseur had seen my erection and asked in his halting English if I 'wanted him to sort it out.' I had nodded and he had started to wank me. It was lovely. In some ways it was just like Kelly did it, but in others it wasn't. He knew from his own experiences I guess just how hard and fast to go and of course being such a surprise and a new thing for me made it so much more exciting. Rubbing my oil covered prick gently and slowly it did not take him long to get me very near and as I reached that ecstatic state just prior to ejaculation I could not stop myself reaching out for him. I rubbed his cock, which was excitingly hard through the thin trousers and could not resist pulling on the waist band and freeing it so I could hold and rub his bare erection. That put me right over the top and with just a few more strokes he had me gushing my cum over his hand and my stomach. Nothing was said as I cleaned up and gave him fifty Eyptian pounds, about a tenner!

I felt Ben's hand run upwards so that it was on the back of neck. I closed my eyes and did nothing neither to accept nor to reject his advance. But of course in any form of coupling non-rejection is seen as compliance and that is exactly how Ben saw it and, I suppose I did as well.

He kissed me. Gentle, soft, lingering, careful, intimately and enquiringly at first. Then as my mouth opened, his lips became more intense and his tongue enquired inside my mouth it all became more passionate. His hand pulled on my neck, his lips squirmed against mine and his tongue plunged into and all round my mouth and gums. I realised that I had started to kiss him back and that my arm had moved upwards and around his neck. I felt him pushing me back so that I sunk into the corner of the settee with him laying half on top of me. 

We continued the kiss in which I was surprised to find myself so quickly completely involved and two fundamental things happened. Firstly, I felt his erection pressing against the top of my leg just beneath my hips and secondly, his hand slid up my leg to rest on my bulge. I knew that I was at least half erect, but not having had the opportunity to adjust myself, my cock and balls were caught up together in my boxers under the shorts. 

His hand on my bulge brought it all home to me and momentarily I wanted to stop and push him off. 'It was crazy,' I thought to myself, 'I'm not gay yet here I am kissing a guy, and a friend at that.' But then just as I went to move, the feelings, emotions and sensations I had gained in Sharm when the Thai man had masturbated me flooded into my mind. Then I realised that I did not want to stop him and, in fact, I wanted more.

I pushed my leg against his erection. It felt exciting. He pushed back thrusting against it as I had done so many time on Kelly and before her other women. He intensified the kiss and slid his hand up my polo shirt that was not tucked into my shorts. His hands on my bare chest made me tingle with excitement and anticipation as well as with the near unique feel of a man caressing me. He pinched my nipples sending sharp pangs of acute sensation through me. I was now very into what was happening so I did not object, in fact I welcomed it, when he roughly almost pushed the polo shirt up and moving his mouth from mine to my breast he sucked my nipple. I got such a rush of sexual adrenalin that I could not resist one of my hands stroking the back of his head and the other sliding inside his shirt and stroking his back.

"You ok James," he muttered still with my nipple in his mouth.

"Yes Ben, I am," I sighed back as I felt him rubbing my bulge so that it rearranged itself and my cock stood straight up my stomach. He held it through the shorts and rubbed it.

"Mmmm that feels good James, ok?"

I grunted a yes and continued stroking his back as I felt him fumbling at the fly of my shorts. The pressure round my waist told me he had undone the button and I heard the zip being pulled down. Then his hand was inside both my shorts and boxers and he was holding my cock.

"Oh god," slipped out from my mouth without me hardly knowing.

"You ok with this," he asked.

"Yes Ben, yes I am," I sighed as those lovely feelings of being wanked by a man flooded my mind.

He sat up away from me and took hold of the polo shirt.

"Sit up James."

I did as he said and loved the way that without really asking he pulled the top up, over my head and off.

"Mmm you have a great body," he said running his hands over my chest and kissing it in several places.

I was now captivated by him. I was under his spell and completely within his control. My resistance had gone and my inhibitions were falling away. They fell even further when he lifted his top up and took that off. 

"Touch me James, caress me," he said looking into my eyes, taking hold of my hand and pressing it against his chest next to his right breast that was more pronounced than mine as he carried a little extra weight. Somewhat tentatively, but nevertheless willingly I stroked his fairly hairy chest and ran my fingertips rather gingerly over his breasts and nipples.

"Mmmm that's lovely James," he muttered leaning forward and kissing me again.

His arms went round me and as I leaned further forward he pulled me towards him so that our chests met. It was a strange but not unpleasant feeling to have feel his hairier chest squirm against mine.

As we did that and kissed so his hand again found my cock. He coaxed it out of my boxers and rubbed it.

"You have a lovely dick James, let me look at it," he said pushing me back into the corner of the settee again as he looked down at my cock sticking out from my boxers.

"May I?" he said taking hold of the waist of my shorts.

"Yes Ben, yes you may," I gasped when after a moment or two hesitation I realised that he wanted to remove my shorts. It hit me even harder when I realised that was exactly what I wanted him to do and how aroused it made me feel to think of him undressing me. As he pulled on both my shorts and boxers at the same time I raised my bum to help him slide them off so that I was totally naked.

"Fuck me James," he said running his fingertips up and down my erection. "You are fucking gorgeous."

I had no idea how to handle this situation or what to say, but I managed a quiet. "Thanks Ben." 

I was now boiling over. I was so excited at being naked with him still in his shorts. I loved being like that, with him looking at me, I loved his eyes taking in and his fingers fondling my bloated and throbbing dick. 

Rather suddenly he stood up. Smiling down at me he said.

"How rude of me leaving you like that all naked and aroused."

I did not know for sure what he meant until he started undoing his shorts. They were quickly undone and round his ankles. Although not as thick as mine his cock was also around the six to seven inch mark like mine. He looked good. Sitting down beside me again he took my cock in his hand as he kissed me. It seemed the most natural thing in the world to hold his dick. And as he began jacking me off returning that favour also seemed the most natural thing to do.

We laid back on the sofa each holding the other's cock. I was wanking him with my left hand he me with his right. We turned our faces to look at each other and kissing occasionally we took each other on that wonderful journey from mere arousal to a climax. I started first, but Ben quickly followed. Mine built up slowly, but then came to fruition quite quickly and I spurted up onto his hand and my stomach just before Ben thrust himself quite hard several times in my hand to bring himself off. Just before he started he grabbed my hand and put on his chest and did the same with his hand to me. So as we both erupted we squeezed the other's tit.

If I had thought about if beforehand, I would undoubtedly have thought that after such an incident I would be embarrassed. Far from it, strangely. I felt good, alive, confident and, in a way, empowered.

"Ok James?" He asked after a few moments as he stood up.

I stood up as well noting that his cock ahead already lost most of its firmness whilst mine had, as usual, only softened a little.

"Yep fine," I replied retrieving my brandy snifter and taking a sip. "You?"

"Yes, it was great. Like a shower."

"I had better, I am a little er... sticky."

"You were great James, was it really your first time?"

"Pretty much yes."

"Again mate what's pretty much mean?"

Following him upstairs I told him a shortened version of my Sharm al Sheikh adventure.

"You dirty bugger," he said opening the shower cabinet and turning the water on."

I showered with him watching from outside. We then changed places and I dried myself. Ben finished, came out and dried himself.

"Fancy a nightcap?"

"Why not, what time is it?" I asked.

"Not ten yet the night's young and girls are probably being chatted up right at this minute.

"Does Kay know?" I blurted out.

"Fuck me know, she would go barmy, did you tell Kel about Sharm?"

"No of course not."

"Just wrap a towel round you and you can get dressed later when you make you mind up," he said rather authoritatively

I wrapped the towel round me and replied.

"On what?"

Holding the towel so that it was behind him as he was about to wrap it round his body, he looked at my cock. That had pretty much now subsided, but would I knew be ready for more activity soon. Still not covering his nakedness he ran his gaze up my body until our eyes met. He smiled and said.

"Whether you are staying the night or not?"