 This is my first story posted. If anyone has any feedback for me please feel free to email me or leave a comment.

*****

Ever since high school I've fancied myself a bit of an exhibitionist. I've always liked the idea of being naked outside in a public place and the thrill of being seen or caught has always been a massive turn on for me. Whilst I consider myself straight - I've only ever been with girls and have never so much as kissed another guy before - my fantasies always seemed to revolve around other men catching me. I'd never really explored my fetish throughout high school, just letting it lie dormant, but I finally had the opportunity a few years after. This is the story of my first (semi-forced) exhibitionist experience.

A little about me first. My name is Nick, I'm about 5'11, short brown hair, very light skinned. Slim without being muscular, I've always had a physique that makes me look a couple years younger than I am. To top that off and add to the picture I have a very small penis. I'm definitely a grower not a shower. When flaccid my little cock is about 1.5 inches, and erect still only about 3 inches. This has always played into my exhibitionist fantasies as the added humiliation of being exposed and people seeing my tiny cock has always excited me greatly. Because of this I've always been in the habit of keeping myself completely shaved. Whilst I initially did this to try and make my penis look bigger, I realised that having no pubic hair whatsoever actually has the opposite effect. 

This story takes place a couple of years after high school when I was in university. I was 21 at the time and had been down the coast visiting a some friends for a long weekend. It was the last day of the public holiday and I was taking the long drive back up the coast. It was a scorching hot day, bumper to bumper traffic and the aircon in my old beat up car was broken. I decided to pull of the main highway and take the coastal back roads detour to see if I could avoid the traffic and maybe find a place to pull over for a swim.

It wasn't long before I came across a campsite just set back from the water. The sign out front showed it had toilets, showers and a beach barbecue pit, just about everything I needed for a quick break. Pulling into the driveway I drove about a kilometre down to the main parking area. Given that it was already after midday and everyone was heading back home the site was mostly deserted. About 6 cars, most of them being packed up, I more or less would have the place to myself. 

The parking area was about a 5 minute walk to the edge of the water through the now empty camp site. Set just back from the edge of the sand was a barbecue area with a few tables and then two combined shower/toilet blocks. Already in just board shorts and a t-shirt and not wanting to sit in the sweltering car a moment longer than I needed to I grabbed a towel and a small kit that I kept a toothbrush, toothpaste and other stuff in thinking I could freshen up after. Out of habit I left my car key sitting on top of one of my car wheels under the skirting not wanting to take any chances with losing my keys out in the middle of nowhere.

The water was amazing and I had the beach entirely to myself. The only other people I saw were two couples about my age hanging around the tables and a lone man fishing down the far end of the beach. He kept glancing over towards me and would look away whenever I looked back, but I didn't pay much attention to it. He ended up packing up and leaving after some time. After about an hour I figured it was time to get back on the road so I grabbed my stuff and made my way back up towards the shower block. At this point there were only two cars left apart from my own and nobody in sight.

The shower blocks were basically two large brick rectangles set about 100 metres away from the beach with the barbecue and tables just outside. There was one strange feature that grabbed my attention straight away when I walked in. I entered from one end of the block and immediately took in the room. Whilst the block had looked like a solid brick building, this was not entirely the case. The two far ends of the room including the entrance were indeed solid brick. However the side wall, the one that faced away from the beach and campsite, was made up of about 40 vertical wooden slats that ran the length of the wall. Each slat was spaced about half a foot apart giving a clear view into the bushland behind the block. 

Whilst not large enough for a person to slip through (letting them lock the block after it's been closed for the night) it gave a clear and unobstructed view into the entire room bathing it with sunlight. The far end of the block had set of long wooden benches with hooks set in the wall for people to change by. The few sinks in the room ran along the middle of the wall with the slats and on the side opposite were the shower and toilet cubicles.

I found myself suddenly excited and slightly aroused. As I mentioned before I had never really explored my exhibitionist desires, but this room had triggered something in me and my mind was racing. I hadn't seen a single person in the last 20 minutes at least and I didn't expect to be in here long, but this seemed like the perfect opportunity to experiment a little with my need to expose myself. The benches were about 10 steps away from the 3 shower cubicles and in clear view of the open wall of the block. I could drag out getting changed after my shower and risk someone walking up through the bushland and glimpsing me naked as I dressed. 

I realised I'd been standing still in the entrance for nearly a minute contemplating this. Mustering up my courage I walked over to the bench and dropped my towel and kit down. I made my way over to the three shower blocks and opened the first one. It was a simple square block with a nozzle set in the wall and a push button underneath. One of those timed buttons that gives you about 20 seconds of water before you have to push it again. Turning around to close the door I noticed the lock latch on this one had been broken off leaving just a small hole in the door where it used to sit. I check the other two. Both broken also. I wondered if this had been done deliberately or if it was just vandalism. Either way it just added to my excitement. There would be no way to guarantee my privacy whilst I showered and a strong gust of wind could easily swing the door open at any point. 

A sudden fantasy popped into my mind of the shower door swinging open as someone walked into the block. I quickly ducked into the middle cubicle and pushed the door closed. Taking a few seconds to steady myself I quickly stripped off. I stood there for what felt like a minute letting the feeling sink in. I was standing butt naked in a dirty shower block in the middle of nowhere with no lock on the door. I turned to hang my clothes on the hook on the back of the door and doing so caused the door to open slightly, leaving it about 1 inch ajar. I decided to leave it like this.

As I turned back to the shower head I suddenly realised that I had left my towel on the bench. After the shower I would have to walk back to the bench completely naked to retrieve it. Smiling to myself I reached over and hit the button. A jet of cold water immediately shot out and sprayed across my body. Goose bumps erupted over my chest and my already tiny dick shrivelled slightly more. The freezing water was a welcome relief from the stinking heat outside and I relished in this for a while. 

I don't know how long I was standing under the shower holding the button down to keep the water flowing but I eventually heard the sound of footsteps entering the block. The sudden rush of excitement that hit me caught me by surprise. Should I pretend that I hadn't heard anyone enter and leave the shower now? I didn't need to dwell on that thought for too long because it was only a couple of seconds before something completely unexpected happened.

Still facing the shower with my back to the door I heard the noise and felt the breeze hit my body before I could even process what had happened. Two quick raps, knuckles against the shower door. Someone had knocked on my cubicle door causing it to swing open. I spun around, my heart stopping in my throat, and was greeted with the sight of a fully dressed man staring back at me. He looked to be about mid forties or early fifties, tall and broad shouldered, handsome and dressed in shorts and a polo shirt. I recognised him as the man who was fishing down the end of the beach earlier.

The shower stopped running and I just stood there paralysed. I didn't even move to cover my nakedness I was so shocked. For what seemed like much longer than it probably was, he stood and stared letting his eyes run over me from head to toe. 

'Is that your toothpaste?' he asked pointing to the small pile of things I'd left on the far bench. 

The question was so unexpected it took me a moment to process it. Had this man just barged into a shower cubicle to ask for toothpaste? 

"Um...yeh it is", I replied hesitantly. 

He kept his gaze directly on mine before replying, "Can I borrow it?"

'Um...sure, go ahead', I said.

He just stood there unmoving. A thought occurred to me that was at the same time terrifying and exciting. Did he want me to get it for him? My heart was pounding and my throat was suddenly dry. And still he just stood there waiting. Before I could even finish the thought in my head, my legs seemed to move of their own accord. My whole body was starting to tremble from the excitement of the situation and I had to steady myself for the first few steps as I walked past him. I could feel my little cock bouncing slightly up and down with each step that I took, beads of water running down my hairless body. My mind was racing. What am I doing? I thought. I'm walking around naked in an open shower block while a full dressed stranger watches me. 

Retrieving the toothpaste from the bag I turned and walked back to him handing it over. He gave me another look up and down and sneered slightly when his eyes came across my cock. Why on earth I didn't get my towel then, I do not know. I was about to move to go back into the shower when he started talking again. "So what brings you down this way?", he asked, seemingly unaware of my predicament.

Again, not fully understanding my reasoning I stayed where I was, standing next to him over by the sinks. I found myself briefly recounting my weekend while he stood and quickly brushed his teeth. Once he was done he set down his brush and started telling me how he'd been camping over the long weekend. He went into a lot of detail but I couldn't take it in. My mind was reeling with the fact that I was standing stark naked in front of a complete stranger and letting him basically dictate my movements. 

Just when I thought things couldn't get any crazier I noticed movement outside the block through the slats I was standing directly in front of. For the second time that day my heart froze. Two girls were coming up the trail through the bushland behind the shower block. They had noticed me. They looked to be about my age, somewhere between 19 and early twenties. I was overcome with embarrassment like I had never felt in my life. I was standing front on, butt naked with my little shaved cock and balls completely on display. Both of the girls had put their hand up to their mouths in surprise, and that surprise had quickly turned to laughter. They were still too far away to really hear anything, but both were pointing and shaking with laughter.

The stranger had also turned to look over at them and then back to me, sneering again. "Here give me a hand with this will you?" he said, drawing my attention back to him.

I turned to see him pointing at two bags that I hadn't noticed before. One large sports bag and a small backpack. He ducked down and scooped up the backpack and started walking towards the exit. Did he actually want me to carry that giant sports bag out for him? Stark naked? Before I could protest he turned back and sternly commanded "Hurry up, I don't have all day!"

Something in his voice made me snap to command. Before I could stop to think I heard myself replying "Sorry sir!" Did I really just apologise to this stranger? I'm butt naked in a filthy shower block and he's demanding I carry his bag? Before I could even let the indignation sink in I was bending over and heaving the bag onto my shoulders. The thing must have weighed a tonne. I had to sling it across my shoulder and hunch slightly to walk after him. 

When I got out into the air and sunlight he was waiting for me just outside. He had his backpack on the floor and was rummaging through. Glancing over at me he said, "Let me grab my keys first and then we can load the bag into the back."

I barely registered what he was saying. The reality of my situation was sinking. I was stark naked, my ass, little cock and balls completely on display, mindlessly following the orders of a man whose name I didn't even know. But above all of the nerves and fear I was feeling, I was become very aroused. I felt like a little slut. I remember desperately hoping that I didn't get erect. The shame would have been too much for me.

Just when I thought I couldn't be more ashamed, the two girls came around the back end of the shower block. And now they had two other guys with them. I heard their voices from around the corner before I saw them. I couldn't hear exactly what they were saying but I could catch snippets from the guys who's voices were a little louder. "What the fuck...no pubes...fucking tiny..." Whist their voices didn't carry well, their laughter did.

I just stood there like an idiot, not even covering myself from their view. Why bother I thought, they've already seen everything. Or so I thought.

Finally having found his keys the stranger turned to me and beckoned that I follow him to his car. He was parked on the far end of the parking area, a huge 4 wheel drive type pick-up with a big open tray on the back. The ground around the parking area was loose gravel and it was cutting painfully into my feet. I struggled the 50 metres or so over to his car thinking that this would all be over soon. At the same time however, hoping it might last longer. Still sneering slightly and obviously enjoying my humiliation, he said "Just throw it in the back would you".

I looked from the back of the trailer to him. It came up to my shoulders, there was no way I could heave this bag up there. He just stood there silently and I knew there was no sense in arguing. Awkwardly I placed my left foot up on the step at the rear of the trailer and hiked the bag up as far as I could. It was resting on the edge of the rear tray as I tried to push it the whole way over. I lifted myself up a little higher to try and push it over when I heard him step up behind me. 

"Just get on up there and shove it in!" he demanded, his voice suddenly much harsher. As he said this he put his hand firmly on my left ass cheek and shoved upwards. The force of him pushing not only lifted me up over the rim, but also caused my ass to spread apart. The bag ended up in the back tray, but so did I. I was half in, half out, with the edge of the tray cutting into my stomach. This gave me a moment to contemplate the position I was in. I was butt naked bent over the back trailer of a truck, my ass spread and pointing directly in the face of a complete stranger giving him a close up view of my hairless balls, cock and asshole.

I moved to try and push myself back out but his hand was still forcibly pressed against my ass cheek. He was slowly but firmly gripping my cheek and rubbing it in his rough callused hand. Despite my embarrassment with the situation, the way he was rubbing me felt amazing and I was becoming very, very aroused. With his hand still gripped to my left cheek I felt him starting to reach out with his thumb and trace it along the outside of my anus. Without warning, he lined up the tip of his thumb with the opening of my asshole and started to press. 

I had only ever slipped one of my own fingers into my ass before. Only ever a couple of times whilst masturbating and always gently. This was nothing like that. His thumb was large and rough and very dry. The shock of this made me instinctively push up from the floor of the trailer trying to escape, but all this did was push him deeper into me. I let out a gasp as he slid inside me and started to try and wriggle away but it was no use. I could hear him chuckling under his breath. I must have been quite a sight before him. A young, naked guy squirming on the end of his thumb. 

As I pushed up a second time he pulled out his thumb at the same moment. The lack of support from behind caused me to fall straight off the trailer and land in the hard gravel below. I landed on my ass and fell backwards throwing my hands behind me to catch the fall. This left me sitting on the floor, legs splayed, presenting my little cock directly to him.

Sneering down at me I was suddenly afraid of what would come next. But to my great relief it looked like he was finished with me. Pulling his keys back out of his pocket he walked over to the driver's side door and began to climb in. Before closing the door he turned to give me one last look up and down. With a look of mingled amusement and derision he told me, "You'd better pick your ass up or you're gunna get run over".

I scrambled up off the gravel and stood there trembling as he backed up the truck, turned and slowly drove off down the drive way. Standing there alone I started to come back to my senses. I could feel a little bit of wetness on my thigh. Looking down I realised with humiliation that there was a long strand of precum trailing from my inner thigh to the tip of my foreskin. 

I turned and made the slow humiliating walk back to the shower block to retrieve my clothing just wanting to get the hell out of there. As I glanced over at the coupes by the tables I saw with a fresh wave of humiliation that the two girls now had their phones out and looked like they were filming. Also, one of the guys was no longer with them. This made me a little nervous, but with no other option I just kept walking towards the shower block, head down, my little cock and balls bouncing with each painful step.

As soon as I stepped through the doorway into the shower block I realised my ordeal was not over just yet. The small pile of things I had left on the bench was gone. Heart racing, I immediately dashed into the shower cubicle to grab my clothes. No luck there either. I was butt naked in the middle of a communal shower block with nothing to cover myself with. My heart was pounding in my throat and my legs trembling. But on top of all of that I was becoming more and more turned on by the minute. The little trickle of precum on the end of my cock had grown into a long strand and to my horror I was starting to get erect.

Before I could decide what to do next, a deep voice behind me caused me to spin around. "Lost something mate?"

It was one of the guys from the group before. He was about a head taller than me, tanned and muscular with dark hair. And he was looking at me with a look somewhere between amusement and aggression. 

Standing in front of him without a stitch of clothing to cover my naked body, I found myself replying, "Um yeh...have you seen my clothes?"

I was shocked to hear how high pitched and meek my voice sounded. Not that I was in any way in a position of power, but I didn't want to come across like some scared little boy.

"You should check under that bench over there, they might have got knocked under." the new stranger replied.

He was pointing at the bench that I'd dumped my towel on when I arrived. It jutted out about a metre from the wall so anything underneath would be well out of view. With a slight flicker of hope I thanked him and walked over to the bench. It wasn't until I was right in front of it a second later that I realised I was going to have to crawl under it to see.
