 As they lay in bed together Kurt felt as if they were making love rather than just having male sex. He was fucking Sandy slowly and methodically in the spoon position. They were on their sides but Sandy had rolled his upper body toward Kurt so that his shoulders were flat on the bed. He looked so effeminate with his pretty face staring back at Kurt. As if it was the most natural thing to do Sandy raised his head for a kiss and without thinking Kurt kissed him on the lips. Kurt felt the lovely blonde tremble in his arms and he hugged him tenderly.

The first kiss was a fleeting one as if Sandy was testing the water. His lips were so soft just like a girl's that it was easy for Kurt. They kissed again and this time held it longer. They did not drive their tongues into each other's mouths but continued to kiss on the lips for short periods of time. Kurt embraced the smooth slender body as he drove his cock in and out of the sweet ass and kissed his lovely blonde lover.

Sandy reached down and caressed Kurt's testicles before stroking his own cock. The two of them moved together like very experienced lovers and minutes later Kurt exploded in the snug rectum. Sandy cooed when he felt the warm semen rush into him and he picked up the pace stroking his cock. Kurt remained hard in the blonde ass and stayed still until Sandy came and ejaculated onto the bed sheet.

Before they uncoupled, they kissed again and then Kurt moved back to his own bed. The twin beds in the room were too small for two people to sleep together. Each night after they made love they would sleep in their own bed. Kurt thought about what had happened but he wasn't disturbed that they had kissed. He would have never thought he would kiss a guy even a pretty one like Sandy. In the moment it seemed like the right thing to do and then the lips were so soft and tender. He knew that they would kiss again before their week together ended.

TUESDAY - DAY 4 AT HEDONISM

They slept in on Tuesday morning but woke in time to toss on shorts and tees and make it in time for breakfast. It was different that morning as they didn't feel the need for morning sex. They were comfortable with each other now and didn't have the same urgency as they first did. Kurt and Sandy enjoyed a leisurely breakfast and afterward sat on the veranda with a cup of coffee. They discussed the plans for the day.

That afternoon they would be going on a snorkeling excursion with others. Kurt was a diver but he didn't like to dive without his own gear. He had passed on the dive trips but thought it would be fun to snorkel. Sandy although a decent swimmer had never snorkeled and he was looking forward to the experience. Later that morning they got a mask and snorkel and went to the swimming pool. There Kurt taught Sandy how to clear the snorkel when water got in it and how to de-fog the mask.

"It's good to learn this in the pool so that you're ready when we go out to sea. The pool water is easier to deal with than the salt water. Remember not to panic when water gets in the snorkel, just blow hard and clear it."

"You said blow hard, right."

Kurt laughed and replied punching Sandy playfully, "Right blow hard, you're good at that." 

They relaxed by the pool after the snorkel training and then had a light lunch before meeting up with the boat. It was a short boat ride to a fairly good snorkel spot and they were able to see some fish and a ray. Kurt was glad he hadn't bothered with his dive gear as the diving would not be near as good as other spots in the Caribbean. It would have been disappointing when compared with Bonaire, Cozumel and the Caymans. 

Tuesday night was lingerie night at the disco and they had no interest in attending that. Normally Kurt would have been curious to see the scantily clad women but this time he would rather be sticking his impressive cock into Sandy's sweet bottom. They ate dinner at the buffet setting that evening and many of the bold women were already in their lingerie attire. At the beginning of the week Kurt thought he would be screwing some of the less attractive women, convinced they would start to look better. Now he never gave it a second thought as he loved fucking Sandy's killer ass.

After dinner they stopped in the piano bar for a few drinks and then headed back to the room. It was only 8:00 PM and they had plenty of time for love making. They undressed and Kurt lay back on the bed as Sandy began to suck on the big cock. Kurt was propped up with the pillows and for the first time he watched Sandy in the mirror on the wall over the dresser. He watched Sandy's head bob up and down enjoying the oral sex. Every so often he would look at the mirror and marvel at the lovely ass.

Sandy got the lube which was like a greaseless gel and prepared his anus for the penetration he so desired. Next he lubed Kurt's cock and stroked it lovingly. He straddled the muscular thighs and reached back with his dainty hand to grasp the throbbing shaft. Using his hand he guided it to his entrance and slowly lowered himself onto it. Sandy emitted a gasp as the thick cock filled his chamber. He remained still for a few moments and then began a rocking motion. Once he was comfortable, he leaned over toward Kurt.

They fucked slowly and matched each other's pace. Kurt hugged the pretty blonde to him. This was really making love and not just raw sex. Kurt felt closeness to Sandy that he had not felt until that night. When Sandy moved his face from Kurt's shoulder to look him in the eye; it seemed natural for them to kiss again. As the first time it was tender fleeting kisses and not with their lips locked together. Sandy rocked his body back and forth relishing the feel of the rigid shaft in his bottom. It was the first time they had fucked in this position and Kurt kind of liked it.

Sandy was the first to cum as he was overcome with the passion of the moment. His cock spurted five or six streams onto Kurt's chest, abs and pubes. It was the first time he had cum on Kurt's body and he was a little worried about the reaction. However Kurt seemed to ignore the ejaculation and continued to fuck Sandy caressing his lovely body in the process. Then Kurt stiffened and fired a massive load deep into the gripping clenching rectum. Sandy fell forward onto his lover's muscular body and cooed as Kurt caressed his lover's back and buttocks. They stayed in that position for several minutes before Sandy eased himself off the still hard shaft.

"Get me a towel, would you?"

"Sorry about cumming on you. It kind of snuck up on me."

"No problem, I understand."

Kurt wiped the semen from his body as Sandy cleaned his own bottom. Looking at the lovely ass Kurt had to fuck it again. He told Sandy to get on all fours this time but to kneel at the foot of the bed. He did as he was told and knelt on the floor with his chest on the mattress. Kurt used more lube and then re-entered the irresistible ass a second time. It would take him longer to cum this time but he didn't mind as he loved being buried in the sweet bottom.

He took his time fucking the pretty blonde caressing the shapely cheeks and watching his cock slide in and out. He must have fucked Sandy for nearly 30 minutes before he felt the familiar twinge in his loins. Sensing that Kurt was close, Sandy asked him to cum on him instead of in him. 

"Kurt, I want you to shoot on me. Aim your cock at my anus and cum on me. Then put your cock back in me."

Kurt had never done that with any of the girls he had ever fucked. He thought it was a little kinky but he honored his lover's request. Just when he felt he was about to shoot, he pulled out and aimed his cock at the dilated anus. Several streams shot out and coated the anus and buttocks. As the remaining semen began to ooze from the pee slit, he pushed his cock back into the receptive chamber. He fucked Sandy briefly and then pulled out again. This time he scooped up more of his load with the head of his cock and re-entered his lover's ass. Now he didn't find it so kinky and he was actually turned on by the action.

Sandy had a hold of his own cock and jerked on it until he sprayed his seed on the end of the mattress. He emitted a cry and fell forward as he ejaculated. Kurt kept his cock in the sweet ass and resumed caressing the shapely buns. They eventually separated and moved to their own beds. They could go again later but for now they chilled out. Kurt suggested getting a drink from the bar and a walk around the property.

They cleaned up with washcloths and put on shorts, tees and flip flops. They went commando style opting not to wear underwear. The main bar was open 24 hours and that's where they headed for their drink. At first they enjoyed a cocktail on the veranda and then got a second drink before they walked around. Twenty minutes later they found themselves alone on the nude beach as that bar was closed and no one was around. They walked toward the nude Jacuzzi and Kurt was surprised to see so many people in it. Usually things didn't get going until around midnight. He checked the time and saw it was 10:30.

"It looks like people got bored with the lingerie party and got started early."

Sandy looked on somewhat in disbelief. He never expected to see people having sex in public. He was a good lover but not an exhibitionist. He would never have sex with an audience. They stood there for several minutes watching women take on two men at the same time. They also saw women with women but no gay sex was on display.

"Come on, I'll show you where I saw the gays the other night."

Sandy was reluctant but also curious. He did not know until that moment that Kurt had been a voyeur the first night there. They walked past the pump house and sure enough there were a number of gays getting it on. There were actually six of them in two groups of three. Two gays were getting it at both ends; sucking cock and getting butt fucked. Surprisingly Sandy was not turned on by the lewd display. They moved on and headed back to their room. 

They made love again this time in the spoon position. As they fucked, Sandy guided Kurt's hand to his cock. Kurt had become comfortable masturbating his blonde lover and didn't mind doing it. As he fucked the lovely bottom and jerked him off, Sandy reached down and fondled Kurt's taut ball sac. It excited Kurt and he came quicker than he thought he would. Feeling the warm creamy liquid fill his rectum again set Sandy off. However he replaced Kurt's hand with his hand and ejaculated onto the bed sheet. He didn't want to cum on Kurt's hand and risk upsetting him. 

They remained in the same bed until Kurt's cock softened and skipped from the confines. Semen trickled out and ran over one of the curvy cheeks. Kurt then moved to his own bed and they both fell asleep after another satisfying love making session. They still had three more days and nights together.

WEDNESDAY - DAY 5 AT HEDONISM II

Kurt slowly woke up on the next morning with a piss hard-on. If a girl was in his room he would have fucked her into oblivion. He got up and went to the bathroom to take his morning pee. When he was done he looked at Sandy in the bed. As Kurt looked at his lover sleeping in only his snug sleep shorts, he once again admired the blonde gay's curvy ass. He had fucked that lovely ass so many times but he was still enamored with it. He got in bed and ran his hand over a shapely buttock. As he did, he felt his own cock stiffen. He pulled Sandy's sleep shorts down just below the buttocks and gazed at the lovely bottom. He began to caress the smooth globes and then he lowered his own shorts enough to free his cock. Kurt stroked his cock as he fondled the blonde's bottom.

Sandy stirred as he started to wake up and he lifted his hips slightly off the mattress. Kurt took advantage of that movement and pulled Sandy's shorts down to his knees. Using his foot, he pushed the shorts down and off the slender shapely legs and then took off his own shorts. His impressive cock was rock hard and ready for action. Kurt took the anal gel from the nightstand and massaged it into the blonde's flawless firm buttocks. Sandy cooed and raised his hips slightly as Kurt worked on his ass.

Straddling him, Kurt let his stiff dick rest in the crack of Sandy's ass as he continued to massage the marvelous globes. He covered his cock with gel and then slid it between the buttocks. Holding onto the two mounds he slid his cock between them for several minutes. Finally unable to resist the desirable bottom any longer, he positioned his cock at the welcoming anus and pushed it in slowly. Sandy groaned as the impressive cock wormed its way in filling his chamber. He raised his hips off the bed accentuating the shape of his curvy ass and Kurt drove in deeper. He kept his hands on either side of Sandy's body to keep his weight from crushing the blonde beauty. In that position he could also watch his cock slide in and out of the shapely ass.

The two of them moved together as they had many times before that week. He liked the feel of the curvy buttocks as he drove his cock all the way home. Kurt then relaxed his arms and let his body cover his lover. Normally he preferred his lover in the doggy style or spoon position but this time he liked the way Sandy felt under him. Sandy groaned repeatedly each time Kurt buried his cock deep in the scrumptious ass beneath him.

Every time he drove his cock into the marvelous bottom, Sandy lifted his hips to receive the cock. They fucked slowly and maintained their rhythm and Kurt wrapped his arms around the effeminate upper body. Their bodies pressed together as they made love and Kurt felt just like he was in the ass of a woman. Then he thought about it and realized he had not thought about fucking a woman all week. Kurt was still surprised that fucking a guy could be so enjoyable and so erotic. He was so wrapped up fucking the hot curvy ass that his ejaculation snuck up on him and he shot a massive load into clenching rectum.

Sandy groaned aloud when he felt the first stream shoot into him followed by several more streams nearly as forceful. Kurt moved his hips in and out as he ejaculated into the beautiful blonde until he was nearly drained. He pressed his body into him and remained still as Sandy clenched and unclenched his sphincter muscle around the thick shaft. He was still hard when he removed his cock from the blonde's beautiful ass and sat back on his haunches. Sandy turned over and took a hold of his own erection and stroked it in search of his release. Kurt watched as his lover jerked off. 

"Put your cock back in me. Just fuck me until I cum."

He moved back to the lovely blonde who lifted his legs to receive the still hard cock. He eased his cock back into the well lubed passage and began to fuck him again. He rapidly stroked his cock as Kurt fucked him. He watched as Sandy closed his eyes and he felt the sphincter tighten around his cock as Sandy ejaculated. Four or five streams shot out and landed on his chest, abs and pubes. 

"Oh man it that ever the way to wake up in the morning," Sandy let out with a big sigh.

"Once I saw your ass again, I couldn't resist it."

"I'm glad. You know it's raining out, let's stay naked all day." 

"Yeah, it's a light morning rain. It should pass by lunch time. Let's get breakfast and then I'll fuck you again afterward."

They showered quickly and got dressed in their normal attire; shorts, tees and flip flops. It was still early and they were one of the first ones at breakfast that morning. It was still raining lightly and Kurt suggested sitting on the veranda again with a cup of coffee. He liked the pitter patter sound of the steady rain. Kurt glanced over at Sandy, who was staring out at the sea; he admired the blonde's beauty once more. He had never seen a guy look so beautiful. Just then voices interrupted their thoughts.

"Good morning guys can we join you?"

Kurt looked up and saw two slender young men standing there and he immediately suspected that they were gay. "Certainly, sit down," he offered.

The two men sat in the other two chairs at the table and introduced themselves as Lyle and Benny. Kurt and Sandy introduced themselves as well. They chatted amiably for a few minutes and then Lyle asked the expected question.

"So are you two a couple? We're having a get together tonight and wanted to invite you both."

Sandy blushed and was speechless but Kurt handled the situation. "Oh, no, we're not a couple. We're just good friends."

"Really the reason I asked was because we have not seen you with any women."

"Yeah, well we both have girlfriends back home. My girlfriend got sick and couldn't make the trip so invited Sandy. We have been enjoying the sun, the beach, entertainment and water sports."

Lyle and Benny looked like they did not believe Kurt but they had their answer. "Well if you change your minds, we'll be around."

"Sorry but you made a mistake, enjoy the rest of your week," Kurt told them.

The two gays moved on and Sandy let out a sigh, "You handled that well."

"Well I can understand them asking after all you are quite pretty."

"Yeah and you are a hunk. I'm not into the group sex at all."

"Let's finish our coffee and head back to the room. It's starting to clear up and it will be a good day for the beach. Before that though, I'm going to fuck your hot ass again."

They finished their coffee and made their way back to the room. Once inside they stripped naked and got in bed. Kurt sat on the side of the bed with Sandy kneeling alongside of him. Sandy sucked on the big dick getting it hard and wet for his love chute. Kurt was caressing the shapely bottom and fingering the rubbery ring. Sandy handed Kurt the gel and he lubed the taut anus. The foreplay had them both excited and ready for anal sex. 

Sandy moved onto to his knees with his lovely bum stuck in the air. His head was on the bed turned to the side and he had a dreamy look on his face. The look was one that said come fuck me. Kurt lubed his shaft and slowly entered the scrumptious ass. He loved watching his cock slowly disappear between the curvy cheeks.

They made love for nearly an hour as Kurt continued to prolong his ejaculation. Each time he would get close he would slow down or stop. He wanted to stay in the magnificent bottom as long as he could. Finally it hit him and he unleashed a huge load into Sandy's anal chamber. The blonde had already cum twice before Kurt and they both eased forward on the bed and cuddled for several minutes. Then it was another shower, apply sun block and head for the nude beach.

That night was Reggae night and they were both looking forward to the entertainment. The rain had stopped and the sand dried out quickly as it was a hot day. The two of them bathed in the sun until lunch time, ate a light lunch and returned to the nude beach. They reapplied the sunblock to their bodies and stretched out on the towels.

Kurt watch as Sandy put sun block on his buns and then lay face down on the towel. He was so drawn to the lovely blonde's ass that he was tempted to fuck it right there on the beach in front of everyone. Of course he knew better but he also had to cover up his erection that he got from looking at the lovely derrière. Later that afternoon they were it a sitting position when Kurt noticed a beautiful young lady walking naked on the beach. 

She looked to be about 5'7" tall with light brown skin and a very nice figure that he guessed to be 34-26-35. She had lovely legs and a very nice bottom. She walked along and every so often she stopped and talked with people on the beach. Kurt was sure that she was connected to the resort somehow. She worked her way to Kurt and Sandy and smiled at them.

"Hello, my name is Cassandra. Are you enjoying your vacation?" 

Kurt replied, "Very much so thank you."
