 I was the last one out of the pool late one evening. I had done my mile of laps, and was feeling pretty good. I entered the gang shower room, hung up my towel, put my fins and goggles on the shelf, and turned on the shower. Man, that first blast is really nice. I let the water cascade over my head and body, then I took my jammers off and hung them up. I started to soap up my hair and face, and work my way down my body. 

When I got to my cock, a few strokes, and I suddenly realized how horny I was. I hadn't been with a woman in, shit, longer than I could count (just a temporary dry spell, folks, nothing to worry about). I left my cock alone, and soaped up my legs, but, NO, I couldn't just leave well enough alone.

Since I was the only one in the shower, I was pretty sure I was the only one in the locker room at this late hour. But just to confirm, I rinsed, shut off the water, wrapped a towel around me, and did a quick walk through of the changing area. Not a soul there.

I went back in the shower, hung up my towel, and turned it on again. I knew that getting caught masturbating in the shower was grounds for being banned from the club, but I couldn't see how I could get caught. So I soaped up my cock, and started stroking. Now I like to stroke the tip and glans. Of course, I like to stroke the whole length too, but I find that women are better at that than I am, so I stick to the tip. I stroked and stroked, and got hotter and hotter. My eyes were closed, and I knew this wasn't going to take long.

Then I got a strange vibe. I opened my eyes, looked to my left, and there was a naked man, leaning sideways with his elbow against the wall, staring at me, a smile on his face. Well, I always feel that the best defense is an offense, so I turned to him and said,

"Can't a guy get any god damn privacy?" 

"Not in a gang shower," he said. 

"Well, do me a favor, pal, turn the other way so I can finish."

"Oh, no," he said, "I plan to watch, and if you don't want me to report you, you'll let me."

Well, what choice did I have? I turned back, leaned forward against the wall with one hand, and started stroking again with the other. 

After about a minute, he said,

"I think I could help you with that."

Now let me clear something up right away. I am NOT gay, never have been, never will be. I love sex with women, I look at porn regularly, I go to strip clubs, and I'm a big fan of Hooters. So what was about to happen was a TOTAL ABERRATION, AND WILL NEVER HAPPEN AGAIN, EVER. Well, actually, I'm not so sure.

I turned to him and said "What the fuck? Are you coming on to me?" 

"If that's the way you see it, yes," he replied.

I looked at him. I had seen him before in the locker room, but didn't know him at all. I must admit he had a gorgeous face and body: blond hair, a glowing smile, a buff chest with lots of curly blond hair, 6 pack abs, and a cock that, if I were actually to admire a cock, would be one I would admire.

I said "well, exactly how were you planning to help me?" 

He said "sit down on the bench, and I'll show you." 

The bench in the middle of the shower was just a long piece of finished oak on legs, about 18" high, with no sides. Just a place to sit down to put your suit on, or adjust your flip flops, or put your prosthetic leg back on.

I sat down on the bench, facing the side. He came over, squatted down in front of me, and grabbed my cock. I must have been in some other world at that point, because it actually felt good. He started to stroke, but broke off shortly. 

He said "I can go you one better, and make you feel really good." 

I knew what he was talking about, and something inside of me snapped. 

"Go for it," I said. 

I spread my legs wide as I could.

He lowered his head to my cock, and took it in his mouth. He was as gentle as any woman who had ever blown me. He licked around the glans, massaged my balls, then pushed his mouth all the way down. This guy was TALENTED. He kept me in his throat for about 15 seconds without gagging, then pulled back up. Most women can't do that, and I was getting to like this guy more and more.

He deep throated me once more, then removed his mouth. He stood up. He had a big hard on, and it was pointing at me. 

He said "I think you'd like to take this to the next level." 

I did, but it was hard for me to admit. 

"I'm not so sure. Why should I?" 

"Because I'm here, you find me attractive, and I can see by the look in your eyes that you have a side that you don't often show to the world, but that is one of curiosity and experimentation. Tell me I'm wrong." 

I couldn't. He was right.

"OK, you've got me. What next?" 

"Straddle the bench." 

I did. He sat down, straddled the bench, and faced me. Our knees were touching. He looked me in the eyes, reached out, and grabbed my hard cock, and started stroking. I couldn't stop myself: I reached out and starting stroking his. What a feeling. I guess I had always wondered what another man's dick would feel like in my hand, and I have to admit I was not disappointed.

We stroked each other for a bit, both getting pretty turned on. 

He said "I think we should stop and adjust our positions." 

I was putty in his hands, so I just waited for the next instruction. 

"Lay down on the bench." 

I did. He stood over me, in 69 position, his feet planted firmly on the ground, his cock over my face, his upper body bent forward, his face over my cock, and he started to lick me lightly. I knew what he wanted from me, and I had gone this far, so what the hell. I started to lick his rock hard cock.

I am a quick study. I paid attention to what he was doing to me, and I copied it. When he put my cock an inch or two into his mouth, and licked around it, I did the same to him. When he deep throated me, I did the best I could to mimic that action, although I was having some difficulty controlling the gag reflex. When he grabbed my scrotum and squeezed (a surprisingly nice feeling), I did the same to him.

We went at it for several minutes, and we were both near our point of no return. He bit down gently, and started sucking and licking. I did the same. I could hear a groan coming from him, and I was breathing so hard that it was difficult for me to continue sucking.

We both started to shake, and with a giant sigh, we came hard in each other's mouths. I had tasted my own cum, so I knew it was no big deal. His body vibrated, his cock throbbed, he moaned, and he came. So much cum, and I swallowed it all. My cock was exploding at the same time, and he was swallowing every bit.

When we had calmed down a little, he removed his mouth, I removed mine, and he got off me, and stood to one side. His cock was still semi erect, a drop of cum on the end of it. 

He said "you are amazing. You totally got in the spirit, and knew exactly what to do. Despite what you may think about yourself, you are definitely at least bisexual." 

I couldn't deny it. I stood up. It was a bit awkward, but something in me wanted to give him a hug and kiss. I moved closer, and he got the idea right away. We moved together, our cocks touching, hugged, and kissed each other (tasting our own cum on the other's lips). 

We broke our kiss, and looked at each other. 

He said, "I'd like to say that we should meet every Tuesday here in the shower, but it's too risky. How about we go out for a drink right now and have some small talk?" 

I agreed. We both took a shower, next to each other, dried off, and got dressed. We headed for the nearest pub.