 I was around 40 at the time, and just made friends with a guy I met at work. We had just started hanging out together some, actually just twice so far. He was around 30, married with no kids, and his wife worked the evening shift, 3 to 11. Jimmy and I both worked day shift. So, Jimmy had a lot of free time in the evenings. I was single at the time, and was dating around some, but not anything steady yet. I was just in the "looking stage." So, I had a lot of free time as well.

On this particular evening, Jimmy came over to my house, and while we were talking he asked "Hey, can I ask you a personal question?"

I said "Sure. I am an open guy, what is on your mind?"

He said "Well, my wife wants me to shave my cock, balls, and ass for her. I keep it trimmed fairly well, but, I have never tried to shave all of it. I know there are a lot of women and guys in this day and age that do that, do you do that?"

I said "Yep, I sure do."

Jimmy asked "How long have you done it, and why do you do that?"

I said "I have done it for about 5 years or so. I don't like the look of hair down there. I think guys look better with no hair on their private parts. Plus, I like how it feels on me. This may sound goofy, but I feel more naked when I keep it that way."

I could tell Jimmy was thinking about what I said because he responded with "Hmmm," and then was staring off and not saying anything for a moment. Finally, he said "So, you like how it feels?"

I said "Yes I do. I like, both how it looks and how it feels."

He was still deep in thought but finally asked "Do the women you date like that?"

I said "With some of the women it surprises them, but I haven't had any of them complain yet. The majority of them love how it looks. Plus, most of them make comments about how they like not having to deal with hair during sex. 

Then I told him "For me, I feel like I can feel everything on my skin so much better. Since we are being open, I will tell you this, I sleep naked. I have a body pillow that I sleep with, and I love draping a leg over it. It feels really good up against my shaved, naked skin. In fact, since I am being open here, I might as well tell you that when I am home alone I stay nude around the house about 90% of the time. If you were not here, I would be naked right now. Some people call that "home nudists."

He said "Hmmm, interesting," and then got quiet again as you could tell he was thinking a lot about each thing I told him.

I finally said "So, you are not so sure about this idea?"

"No, I guess it is just new to me." he said. "I know some guys do it, but it almost seems feminine to me. I mean if I was with a bunch of guys in a gym and we were taking a shower together, I think I would be embarrassed for them to see me shaved."

I said "Well, first of all, I can't think of the last time I have been showering around a bunch of guys. High school days, maybe? But, even still, probably at least one third or one half of those guys would probably be shaved. It wouldn't bother me for a guy to see me shaved."

He again was staring off as if he was in deep thought.

I said "Come on, spit it out. What are you thinking?"

He said "Nah, you would think it is too weird."

I said "I am a very open person. People can talk to me about anything. It is no big deal."

He paused, then said "You sure? I can say anything?"

I said "Yes, just say it."

He said "Well, show me what you look like naked. I want to see the shaved look."

I said "That is fine with me if that is what you want. But, just so you know, I am a bit of an exhibitionist, and there is a chance I will get hard while showing you. If you are okay with that, then 

I will do it."

Jimmy said "Tell me what exhi, or whatever that word you used, means."

I said "Well, it means I get turned on allowing people to see me naked, especially the ones who ask me to get naked for them."

Jimmy then asked "You aren't one of those guys that wears a trench coat and flashes people in the mall, are you?"

I laughed and said "Of course not."

Then Jimmy asked "Well where do you get to be exhibit..., or whatever that word is, at?"

I said "Well, one way is I like to get online on my webcam, in a chatroom. I love to start by being dressed and then being asked to do things for the person who is watching me. I love it when they tell me what to do, like unbutton and unzip your jeans for me. I love to be slowly stripped that way. Anyway, all of that is a big turn on for me."

He said "You mean you find girls to do that?"

I said "Well, to be honest, I don't care if it is a girl or guy. I just love doing what people ask me to do in regards to stripping for them or playing with myself."

Jimmy said "Gosh, when I started this conversation I never thought it would go down this road. But, I have to admit, it is interesting." Then he asked "Do you watch guys too?" 

I said "Yes, the ones who are shaved and not overweight. I enjoy seeing them naked. Don't get me wrong, I am not gay, nor would I consider myself bi. I just enjoy getting turned on, and seeing other people turned on. All of that stuff is fun for me. I guess I am more of a pleasure person. I love being turned on and seeing other people turned on. It takes care of my sexual appetite."

Jimmy said "Well, I have to admit. It does sound interesting. My wife, Lisa, told me one time that she would love to try a 3 some with another guy and me. She said "Too bad you are not more open to that kind of thing." Then she admitted she would love to be in charge and tell the guys what to do. 

She also told me when she was a teenager she had 2 guy friends whom she would hang out with most everyday. They both would tease her about getting naked for them. She finally decided to see how far they would go to see her naked so she made a deal with them. She told them "I will let you see me naked it if I am in charge and you do what I ask you to do." They agreed to the deal. Anyway, to make a long story short, she told them she would get naked for them if they would suck each other in front of her. Well, she said they were hesitant at first, but they went ahead and did it. So, in return, she got naked for them while they did it. 

She told me that after that experience, they played around most every day for about a year until she left to go to college. Each time, she was always in charge of everything that happened. When they obeyed her she would reward them by getting naked as they played with each other, then she would let them play with her. It became a regular thing. She said she never let them fuck her, but they did everything else with her besides that.

She also told me that it really surprised her the first time they played with each other, as to how much it turned her on. She then said she would love to see that again someday. Then she told me that I did not have to be one of the two guys doing it. I could just be there watching it. She first started mentioning this stuff to me 2 years ago, and has brought the topic up several times since then."

I said "I would do that in a heartbeat with her. I would just need to find another guy to go along with it. It has been one of my fantasies to try that exact type of experience. It would satisfy the side of me that likes to be told what to do. But, I would want the guy that I played with to be shaved." 

I paused for a second and then asked "So, you would be okay with watching all of that?"

He said "Actually, ever since she got told me more details about this fantasy of hers, I have thought about it many, many times and it kind of turns me on. 

And, oh, by the way, when she told me all of this back then, she told me that if she did it now, she would want to fuck the two guys or at least let them play with her. She said she always rewarded the two friends of hers and she would want to do that for the 2 guys."

I said "Would you allow that, and not get jealous?"

He said "Again, I have thought about all of this many times over the last two years, and I have concluded that watching the whole thing would turn me on a lot. So, whatever she wanted to do is fine with me. In our most recent conversation about it, she asked me if I would obey her, too. She said she would want to be able to tell me to masturbate while it was all going on."

I said "What did you say?"

He said "I told her that I think I could do that, and enjoy it."

I said "Well, I have to tell you that I have really enjoyed opening up to you about all of this stuff. As you can see I don't mind talking about sex at all. I kind of enjoy it."

He said "So, back to my original question, would you let me see you naked? I assume you are shaved right now."

I said "I shave down there every 3 days, or so. I just shaved the night before last, so yes, I am shaved." Then I asked "So, you want me completely naked?"

He said "Yes, if you don't mind."

I said "I need to tell you one last thing before I do it, okay? Not sure if this will effect you, or not."

He said "Sure, go ahead."

I said "I, uh, well, I like to wear panties. Most of the time they don't look like panties. For example, the ones I have on now do not look like panties. They are black and a silky material, and unless you look real close, you may not realize they are women panties. But, I will admit I do have some lace panties too." Then I said "Understand this, I don't wear them because I want to look feminine. I just love the way they feel on my cock and balls. They turn me on. Most guys have no idea how good they feel on your skin. I think if they did realize it, a lot of guys would probably wear them."

He said "Well, this has been a surprising conversation, to say the least. But, I will tell you one more thing my wife said to me. She used to have the two guy friends wear her panties. She loved how their cocks looked in them. She has tried to get me to wear them, and well, to be honest, I now do that for her whenever she asks."

I said "Whew! Thought that one would weird you out. Well that is cool. Do you like how they feel on you?"

Jimmy said "Actually, I do like it. I love seeing how turned on she gets from having me wear them for her. She gets wet twice as fast. Plus, she compliments me a lot while I have them on. Even after we fuck, she has me put them back on and walk around the house with nothing but the panties on." 

Then he said "So, you gonna strip for me?"

I said "Sure."

He said "Go in the other room and put on a pair of your sexiest lace panties first. Then get dressed again, and come back and strip for me, okay?"

I said "If that is what you want, sure."

I went in my bedroom and found a pair of red lacy thong panties and put them on. Then I put my jeans back on again. I returned to the living room, where Jimmy was at and started unbuttoning my shirt. I took it off, and then unbuttoned my jeans. I slowly unzipped them and let them fall to the floor. I was standing there with nothing on but the red lace thong panties. My cock was very hard and was pushing on the panty material. It was very easy to make out the size and shape of my cock through the stretchy lace. I stood there for a moment, hoping he would start telling me what to do.

It took Jimmy a moment to realize what I was doing. Once he realized it, he said "Slowly slide your panties down to your thighs for me."

I smiled and said "I love it." Then I did just as he asked. 

I absolutely loved the feeling of standing there, partly naked, and exposed to him. To me, sometimes it is more sexy to be partially naked, than fully naked. I guess this is why when someone tells me what to do, I like them to do it slowly, a little at a time. What I mean is if someone just said "Get naked for me," that would not turn me on at all. But, if they took their time telling me what to do, with specific details, like unzip your pants and push them down to your thighs. Now rub on your cock on top of your panties, that would turn me on a lot. So, standing there with my undies down to my knees had me very turned on. I looked down and my cock was dripping precum.

Jimmy saw my cock dripping and said "Gosh, this really does turn you on."

I said "Oh yessss it sure does."

Jimmy then asked "When you get this turned on, I can tell you most anything, and you would do it?"

I said "Probably so."

He said "Hmmmm," as I could tell he was in deep thought again. Then he said "Take the panties off, come over here close to me, and slowly turn around so I can see what you look like shaved."

I did as he asked and got about one foot away from him. I stood still for a moment, then slowly turned around, letting him see my shaved ass too. 

After about a minute of this, he said "Now go over and sit on the edge of the couch and spread your legs very wide. Then play with your cock for me. I want to watch you masturbate for me."

I did as he asked. I sat down on the couch and spread my legs as wide as they would go. I then used one of my hands to play with my balls, and used the fingers of my other hand to lightly touch up and down on my cock in a way that I did not block his view of my dick. 

After about 3-4 minutes of Jimmy closely watching me, he said "You know what? This is really turning me on. I can see why my wife loves telling someone what to do. It is knowing you will do whatever I ask that is greatly turning me on. I guess it just feels naughty that you will do it, but it also gives me a sense of power" Then he asked "You still enjoying yourself?"

I said "Oh, yesssss. This is very, very hot for me. I love being exposed to you, and you telling me what to do. I love masturbating for you."

He said "What if I took it up another level. Are you okay with that?"

I said "Please do."

He laughed and said "Hmmmm. I am going to see if you obey me on this one." Then he said "Come over here and strip me naked. While you do it, feel free to rub all over my body. Make it as sensual as you want."

I got up, walked over to him, knelt down in front of him, and reached forward and started unbuttoning his shirt. When I got it unbuttoned, and helped him off with it, I then immediately went to his jeans and unbuttoned and unzipped them. I grabbed both sides of the jeans and pulled them all the way to his ankles. I then reached up and grabbed his undies and pulled them down to his knees. Jimmy was very hard with his cock sticking straight up in the air. His cock looked a lot like mine, about 6 inches in size, and not real thick. I hesitated for a moment and just looked at him like that.

Jimmy got a smile on his face, and then said "You are trying to see if I like the feeling of being exposed, too, huh?"

I smiled back and said "Yes I am. So, is it working?"

He said "I have to admit, I kind of like it." Then he said "Enough of that. Finish stripping me and rub on my body."

He had shoes on, so I had to take them off first. Then I finished pulling off his jeans. He was sitting there with his undies down to his knees still. I started rubbing his thighs, while sliding my hands up toward the direction of his cock. I stopped just inches away from his cock, then slid back down toward his undies. After I did this for about a minute or so, I then grabbed both sides of his undies and slid them down his legs until they were completely off of him. He was now entirely naked. 

I spread his legs, got in between them while still being on my knees, and started rubbing his thighs toward his crotch again, stopping just short of his balls. When I looked up at him he had his eyes closed and his head tilted back. He was also now wiggling his ass around, I guess to let me know he was enjoying what I was doing.

I then started rubbing all around his dick and balls, lightly bumping up against them as I rubbed. His breathing was getting heavier. I kept this up for a good 3 minutes or so, until he finally said "Please suck my dick for me. I want to feel it inside of your hot, wet mouth."

Jimmy opened his eyes for a second to look at me, I guess to see how I would respond. I smiled at him and said "Okay,. Enjoy it," as I opened my mouth, and took him completely inside. I started going up and down his cock with my mouth. I did it slowly, and as sensually, as I knew how. 

Jimmy moaned loudly and said "Oh, my gossssshhhh, your mouth feels awwwwwesommmme on my dick. Wow! This is sooooo hot. I never thought I would be doing something like this, and loving every second of it."

I pulled my mouth off of his cock and said "Well, me either, unless a woman was there to ask me to do it for her. Then I would do whatever she asked, except kiss a guy."

He said "I may want to be that guy with you and the wife. I could definitely handle this." Then he said "I am not going to last much longer. Where can I cum?"

I said "Some day I want it in my mouth, but I don't think I could do it quite yet. How about I get you close to cumming, then I sit down and you stand in front of me and cum on my cock. Then after you cum, you jerk me off using your cum as a lubricant."

He said "Hang on, let me get a couple of towels so that we don't get it all over the couch."

Jimmy returned a moment later and spread the towels on the couch. He then said "You sit on the couch. Let me stand in front of you while you keep sucking me. Then when I am about to cum I will pull out of your mouth and bend down to squirt my cum on your dick. I will then be happy to use my own cum to jerk you off until you cum."

I continued sucking Jimmy. I used one of my hands to grip the base of his cock and stroke up and down as I sucked about half of him in my mouth. I took my other hand and gently massaged his balls.

Jimmy was moaning and breathing heavily. He was moving his hips around as I played with him. In about 5 minutes, he said "I wish this could last about 20 more minutes. I love it. But, I can't hold off any longer. I am going to cum now."

Jimmy pulled his cock out of my mouth, then grabbed his cock and aimed it at my cock. He shot rope after rope of cum onto my cock. I loved how warm it felt as it shot all over my cock and balls. I let him enjoy the feeling of cumming as I waited patiently for him to stroke me. I also loved the look of his cum all over my cock. I kind of wish I would have taken a picture of it. 

He eventually said "This has been wonderful. I hope you have enjoyed it so far."

I said "I sure have. I cannot wait to feel your hands rubbing your cum all over my cock and balls until I cum." 

Then a thought entered my mind . I said to him "Hey, I want to try something. When you get me close to cumming, I will let you know. Then, I want you to push me onto my back, push my legs over my head, tell me to open my mouth, and keep stroking me until I squirt my cum into my own mouth. I have always wanted to try that."

He said "Sure, I will do that for you."

I shifted my body on the couch so that I was on the edge of the couch with my balls and cock easy to reach. Jimmy knelt down between my legs and started massaging his cum all over my cock and balls. It felt wonderful. I closed my eyes and just enjoyed his touch. 

At one point his fingers went under my balls toward the direction of my asshole. I thought for a moment he was going to play with my asshole, but he was mainly just massaging under my balls. I moaned just to let him know that it felt good. 

I think he was surprised a little because he said "Did you moan because I was massaging under your balls or because I was getting close to your asshole?"

I was surprised he asked me that, but I went ahead and told him "Because of getting near my asshole. It is very sexually sensitive."

I think Jimmy was surprised with my response. He said "Ohhhh, I didn't expect that."

He continued stroking me, as I said "In case you never knew this, a guy's hard cock really extends under his balls, all the way toward the asshole. Let me show you what I mean," as I took his fingers and had him push hard under my balls and then pushed them toward my asshole. 
