 The workout had gone well, and Jerry enjoyed his reward: Fatigued muscles relaxing under the stream of the warm shower. There were only a couple other guys in the room, seemingly lost in their own reverie. Another part of his 'reward' was checking out the other guys letting the hot water run over their well-sculpted bodies. He noticed that one in particular would perform a minor indiscretion. While showering, the guy let a hot stream of piss join the water while rinsing off. Then he would give his hips a small shake, and finally turn off the shower. 

The man's name was Jason, and Jerry could swear the guy was almost putting on a show. Once, he had looked up, and caught jerry's eyes a moment, before Jerry turned away quickly. Later Jerry had noticed the slight smirk on the guy's face. That day, the guy merely said, "Good workout today?"

Jerry mumbled a "Yeah, all right." Normally Jerry would wait until he was finished showering to use the toilet. His parents had raised him to be cleanly and fastidious. Pissing in the shower - or tub, for that matter, was not usually his habit. But Jason had him intrigued.

The next time he went to work out, a plan formed in his mind. Jerry was so inflamed by this new, unfamiliar, exotic arena, he rushed his workout, and almost forgot some reps. Finally, he was finished and sweating. It was time to hit the showers. He made his way through the crowded locker room, and finally to his locker in the shower room. Quickly stripping, he headed into the showers. They were full! He had to hover and wait for a moment, until a shower opened up. He almost bumped into another guy, but got to the shower first. The other guy gave him a dirty look. 

Fumbling to get the shower turned on, Jerry realized, he forgot his soap. He said to himself, 'To hell with it. I'm going to do this thing.' So he rinsed off for a long time. The shower room finally dwindled down to a few guys. No Jason, though. Nevertheless, Jerry was able to relax enough to allow a dribble of piss to mix with the water for a time. Finally drained, he ended his long shower, and headed back to the lockers. On his way there, another guy smiled at him. Jerry was stunned. Had the guy seen? What to make of that smile. If these guys found out he was gay, there would be hell to pay - Jerry was sure of that.

The other guy had a locker near Jerry. Jerry looked at him, and managed to croak out a "Hi".

"Hi, dude. Good workout, I hope."

"Yeah. I finally benched 170. Making progress."

"Cool. That shower must have felt good, as long as you were in there."

Jerry got flustered. "Well, I ah..it just felt good."

"I noticed. Don't sweat it, dude. I like to let go in there too."

Jerry let out a chuckle. "Just couldn't hold it, I guess."

The guy said, "Maybe that's a good thing. Well, see you around, huh? My name is Chuck," and extended his hand.

"Hi; I'm Jerry." Jerry took the guy's larger hand and shook; a surprisingly weak grip there.

"Well, take it easy, Jerry. See you later." And the guy sauntered off, his tall, well-muscled frame filling the exit, his brown curls nearly touching the top of the doorway.

Jerry stared after him. Next time I will hand him my card. Next time...

Later that night, Jerry fantasized about him and Chuck, a dream drizzled in yellow and white streams - he finished jacking off with an explosive orgasm.

The next day, Chuck was not at the gym. But Jason was. So Chuck forced himself to say hello to him before the workout. Jason barely grunted at him. And yet, after the workout, Jason positioned himself at the far shower. He allowed the shower water to run all over himself, and then soaped down. He finally rinsed, and once again, allowed a yellow stream to join the clear water running down the front of his body.

Jerry and one other guy were in the showers. Jerry was emboldened that night, so he just stared for a few moments. Jason arched his back, letting the water run down his pecs and abs, then down over his groin, where the white and yellow streams mixed. He was not even trying to hide the fact that he was pissing! Jerry was captivated. Soon, he let his own stream join the water. A pungent odor of urine floated around the shower room. The third guy looked from one to the other, and said, "You guys are pigs," then walked out. 

Jason just laughed. And Jerry soon joined him, feeling a liberation of sorts. He thought, 'to hell with what anyone thinks. There is a bond between Jason and me, and possibly Chuck too; I intend to pursue it.'

They both finished, then shut the water off. Jason startled Jerry by coming over and introducing himself. 

"Yes, someone else mentioned your name. I'm Jerry. Good to meet you," said Jerry. 

Jason just looked at Jerry, and Jerry returned the look. Jason broke the spell;

"C'mon, let's get dried off and I'll give you my card."

Jason walked out, swinging his hips, and Jerry followed, feeling like he was floating on air.

The two made small talk, and exchanged business cards. Finally Jason said, "Well, gotta go - the wife is probably wondering where I am right about now."

"OK, see you then." Jerry watched him go. 'damn - another married dude. Will I ever be able to hook up with him?'

The next morning before work, Jerry checked his email. There was one from an unfamiliar source. He opened it, and it was from Jason.

"I liked our shower time together. Care to meet up sometime, at your place?"

Jerry sent him a reply: "Hell yes. Evenings or weekends." The two then exchanged a few more messages.

Finally, the last email that Jason sent him was that Friday evening. It mentioned that he could bring a friend, but that he thought Jerry probably knew him. Jerry was mystified, but at the same time, wildly turned on. Two guys, in his very own bed or shower! He could hardly sleep that night.

When Saturday came, Jerry rushed around, cleaning up his small house. Then he groomed himself intensely, and finally, sat waiting impatiently. Right on time, he heard a vehicle pull in his driveway. 

Two guys got out. There was Jason, with his blond locks hanging down. And following behind...was Chuck! Of course - that was the person he knew. He greeted them at the door, and they made a bit of small talk in the small living room. Jason got things started by announcing,

"Damn, guys. I got to piss real bad." Then he winked.

"Well, that's funny - so do I," replied Chuck. 

Jerry pointed, and more out of habit than anything else, said, "Go ahead - the bathroom is right over there. Help yourself."

Both Jason and Chuck stood, and began taking off clothes, grinning.

Jerry stared; Finally Jason said, "Well, are you going to join us or not?"

Jerry stood, and began tugging at his own belt, uncertain. 

"C'mon, dude. I can't hold it forever," said Jason. Chuck was already heading into the bathroom, grunting, "Where's the water - oh, ok."

Jerry then peeled off his clothes rapidly, and hurried into the bathroom, right behind Jason. No sooner did they all squeeze into the tub, standing under the shower, with Jerry in the middle, than did Jason let loose.

He shot a hot, powerful stream right into Jerry's side, then held his 8" dick and hosed Jerry up and down. Soon, Chuck did the same from the opposite side. The hot, pungent piss was a shock and a turn-on. Jerry soon let loose his own stream, and directed it onto Jason.s legs and feet. Jason surprised him by squatting and letting Jerry's stream splash all over his face and chest. Then, when Jerry's turned to a dribble, then drops, Jason clamped his mouth full over him, and began to suck.

Jerry got hard immediately, and nearly came. Then, Jason released him, stood, and gave Jerry a hard, deep kiss. Jerry was transported to another mental zone, feeling in ecstasy. Meanwhile, Chuck had finished, and was stroking himself. Jason turned Jerry around, murmuring,

"Let's not neglect our friend Chuck there, shall we." So Jerry and Chuck body-rubbed their hard cocks. Chuck's was around 7 inches, fat and hard. Jerry's slightly smaller cock was thinner, but so hard it was twitching and throbbing. They rubbed and moaned. Then Jerry beat Chuck to the punch, and stooped to suck Chuck so much that he shot a huge load into Jerry's hungry mouth, without any warning. Jerry stood, swallowing. Chuck mumbled a "Sorry bout that."

"Well, you rascal, you," said Jason. He spun Jerry back around, and began to suck; soon, Jerry was moaning, "I'm gonna come!"

"Well, come then already," said Jason. Jerry did come, explosively. Jason, the blonde god that Jerry had fantasized about so much in earlier days, swallowed every drop of Jerry's voluminous white load.

Jerry sank down in the tub, his knees weak, facing Jason's still-throbbing cock. Then he took it full in his mouth. Jason pulled him off, and said,

"Tongue my balls, dude."

So Jerry did, licking underneath, and up on his taint, rubbing his tongue in a circular motion underneath Jason's tightening scrotum. Jason groaned with pleasure. He soon gasped, and shot rope after rope of white cum. Some landed on Jerry's hair; some on his cheek, and some on his shoulder and chest. Jason then stood him up, and proceeded to lick every last drop off every place it had fallen, even Jerry's hair. 

Chuck had vacated the tub earlier. Jason and Jerry rinsed off, and then had one last, long, deep hot kiss.

The three guys rested a moment in Jerry's living room. And then Jason and Chuck thanked Jerry profusely. 

"There is not many places us married guys can go, man. Thanks a lot. Can we come back around some time?" said Jason.

"I'll be counting the days, guys. Counting the days. Thanks a million!" replied Jerry. They soon left, and Jerry collapsed on his recliner, with a goofy smile on his face. 

After awhile, he dozed. When he awoke, he wondered if it had all been a dream. The he rose to go use the bathroom, and saw the extra towels used, the water splashed about. He realized that it had been no dream. Jerry whooped, and pumped his fist into the air. Life was good.

The End

1808 w.c.