 I sat in my room, alone, browsing through the endless list of files being served on the local network. Most of the residence was quiet, it being a Saturday night and all. I had been invited out for drinks with the others but I turned it down, I'd had some homework I needed to finish for Monday. As I scanned down the list of files, one in particular caught my eye. 

"italian-porno-gay-hottie.avi" 

I must confess I have a strange fetish for seeing two men having sex. It's something about seeing a guy put another guy's cock in his mouth, it just turns me on. Sometimes I sit there and imagine it's my mouth the guy on screen is fucking. I right-clicked the file and added it to my download queue, my pants starting to become constricted as I felt my hardness grow rapidly.

"Jesus," I said softly to myself, "I haven't even started watching the damn video yet."

The icon jumped up and down on my dock to alert me that the file had finished downloading. Eagerly I navigated to the download folder and opened the file, putting the volume down to half in case my neighbour had returned early. I didn't want him to know I was watching porn. It was poor quality but good enough to distinguish features. I unzipped my jeans and reached inside, pulling out my hard cock. On screen, the two men were stripping each other down and rubbing the other's crotch. I smiled as I started to stroke my own piece. Slowly I moved my hand up and down my shaft, fixated on the visual wonder of two men fondling each other.

A few minutes passed and I watched as the one actor took his partner's cock into his mouth. I salivated as I watched his lips close around the juicy brown penis. That fueled my lust even more. I wanted sex and I wanted it immediately. Then, to my horror, the video clip cut short. To reduce the download size someone had cut the clip into segments and I only had the first bit. I swore loudly and switched back to my sharing program to find the remaining clips. It was fruitless. Only that first clip was on the server. In frustration, I closed down my laptop and zipped myself back up again before grabbing my keys. If I couldn't watch the porn I wanted, I figured I may as well join the guys.

I closed my door behind me and drew and locked the bolt. I was still fuming but the thought of going out and getting drunk seemed to be taking the edge off a bit. Pocketing my keys I slowly walked down the corridor. As I passed the bathroom I heard the sound of a shower running and it flushed my bladder immediately. I decided it would be best to take a leak while I was here rather than use the toilets in a club. I pushed open the door to the bathroom and the sound of running water intensified. A smile spread across my face as I looked at the urinals. Being tall and having mirrors above the urinal was a benefit to me. I could look in the mirror and examine the other guys cocks without them knowing. I did it on numerous occasions, imaging what it would feel like to have them swollen with passion and in my mouth.

The shower in use was, thankfully, facing the urinals. I knew, however, that there was a curtain affording the shower cubicle occupant some privacy. Even if you couldn't see the person inside, their silhouette was still visible through the material. Picking the most opportune urinal I again unzipped my jeans and coaxed out my manhood. I still had a semi-erection at this time but the feel of my hand on my own crotch aroused me further. I looked up and into the mirror and my breath caught in my throat for a moment. Whoever was in the shower had not drawn the curtain properly and, from where I was standing, I could see their naked form clearly. I forgot entirely the need to urinate as I stared at the perfectly toned body behind my. Chocolate brown skin clung to the muscles tightly and, as my eyes wandered downwards, I noticed that it clung to his bottom as well. I couldn't help myself. I took a hold of my hard cock and began to rub it vigorously. As good as it felt, it wasn't good enough, not at that moment.

I silently removed the last vestiges of my clothing and dropped them to the floor. The man in the shower was apparently oblivious to the fact that I had been watching him. His eyes closed, his back arched, he let the water cascade down his face and chest. I stepped into the cubicle and drew the curtain fully closed behind me. The splashes of water were starting to moisten my skin and i delighted in the feel of the warm droplets. Without a sound I moved forwards and put my hand between the mans legs, running a finger over his hole. My cock flushed anew at the feeling of slight stubble around his hole. Startled, he spun around and I grabbed my chance. I pressed my lips to his and pulled our bodies together. His hardness rubbed against mine and it drove me wild with pleasure. He tried to pull away but I wouldn't let him. I slid the tip of my index finger into his hole as we kissed and he gasped slightly, allowing my tongue the chance to slip inside his mouth.

His eyes closed as he felt my tongue with his own. Whatever inhibitions he had previously had evaporated when I began to finger him. His full lips felt so good against mine and I could taste the hint of cigarettes on his breath. That was good. I like the taste of cigarettes when you kiss someone. One of his hands snaked up my back and held my neck as the other reached between us. 

By now I was just as wet as he was, water running off our bodies in rivulets. I felt his thumb and index finger grip my cock and knew he had his own gripped beside it. Slowly he started to rub. It felt so good to have someone else's hand taking care of my dick for a change. 

Tentatively I slipped another finger into his arse and began to fuck him with them. He broke the kiss and leant his head back, moaning in pleasure. My lips found his neck and began to kiss there instead. Working my way down, I set a trail of kisses from his neck, to his shoulder, then down to his chest. His nipples had hardened in the heat of the moment and I used that to my full advantage. My tongue flicked up and over them, occasionally swirling around them slowly. Not knowing whether he would enjoy it or not, I took his nipple between my teeth and tugged on it softly. I felt his sphincter clench against my fingers and he grabbed a fist of my hair but did nothing to stop me.

I could not believe my luck as I glanced down. There, rubbing against my white cock, was a thick black cock as well. I saw some precum on his tip that hadn't been washed away by the shower and immediately wanted to taste it. I released his nipple from the grip of my teeth and ran a finger down his stomach. He seemed to realise what I was implying as he let go of our cocks and put both hands on my shoulders, gently pushing me down. I stuck my tongue out and let it trail down his stomach and over his navel. He had started to sweat again from the proximity of our bodies and the warm water and I could taste the sweat on my tongue. I loved it. Eventually I came to where I wanted to be. Up close, his shaved groin looked so much larger and I wondered if I could fit my lips around it. I licked the pre cum from his tip and relished the taste. My first taste of cum besides my own. Greedily I took him into my mouth as much as I could. I could feel the warm blood pumping through his veins.

My fingers worked at fucking his hole as my mouth worked at sucking him to orgasm. I couldn't believe that I was getting to suck such a gorgeous guy's cock. I wanted to do this more often. I ran my tongue around and over his tip as my lips caressed his shaft. Both of his hands were holding my head and keeping me locked on to his dick. His arse tightened around my fingers as he moaned in ecstasy. I knew I was doing a good job. 

After what must have been ten minutes I felt his body start to convulse. I took him as far into my mouth as I could manage just as he shot his load. The first squirt hit my uvula and made me retch but I kept my lips planted firmly around his manhood. I swallowed every last drop I could squeeze out of his cock and sat back licking my lips. He smiled down at me as he softly caressed himself.

"I liked your fingers a lot. But why don't we try something else now?"

Reaching down he tugged at my wrist to tell me to take my fingers out. As I did so I felt again the short stubble of his shaved ass. Turning around, he bent over so that I was staring at his hole. It was open slightly, just waiting for me. Hesitantly, I leaned forward and run my tongue over it. It was somewhat bitter but i liked it. I spit on my hand and rubbed it over my hard cock before standing up and pressing it to his hole. It slid in with ease and he moaned as he placed his hands to the wall to steady himself.

Once I was in completely he shifted his weight and I felt his ass close around my cock. It felt so good that I didn't even consider that we weren't using a condom. I started to thrust and realised just how amazing it really was. I moaned with the thrill. Nothing could top the feeling I felt at this moment. His cock had hardened once more and I rested my one hand on his hip as I started to jack him off with the other. He was obviously enjoying the feelings as well because it didn't take him long to come again. His warm juice spilled over my hand and I lifted it to his face and watched him lick it eagerly. The sight of that took me to the edge. My knees weakened and buckled as my hips thrust forward. I could feel my manhood throbbing and pulsing, squirting warm salty cum into his hole. He swore, but in a good way. It meant he had enjoyed it too.

Breathless, I pulled my cock out of his ass. The water had long since turned cold but the night was still young and we knew it. I rinsed off my dick, my hand resting on his bottom as he rinsed off his. Then, smiling once more, he kissed me and grabbed my ass playfully.

"My room is just across the hall. I'm not giving you a choice, you're spending the night with me."

With that, he wrapped the towel around himself and picked his stuff from the floor. I did the same, except without a towel to cover myself. I wanted more. I wasn't finished with him yet. I wanted to bathe in his cum. Then I smiled too as I followed him out of the bathroom, naked. Tonight, in his room, in his bed, in his arms, I would get to do just that.