 I was totally caught off guard when I discovered Dan’s true interest in me. We had met on my first night at the health club. He was the evening supervising trainer, and as such was in charge of all the orientations. I thought that his attention was entirely professional. However, during my first week, we became casual friends, often working out together and spotting for one another. I liked him; he was smart, intelligent and had a great sense of humor. 

In guyspeak, Dan was pretty cool. Our personalities really seemed to click, and I thought about asking him to grab a beer after the workout some night. During the second week, I began to notice that his schedule was becoming more and more in sync with my own, so that we always ended up in the shower at the same time, generally among the last few people at the club. One night, I happened to glance over as we bullshitted about things in general. Dan was staring right at me, and his cock was undeniably at three-quarters mast!

I kind of panicked, my stomach churning as I bolted from the shower. I quickly toweled off, changed, and left the club. The next night, I skipped the club, still shaken by the incident. As I sat in my library, sipping a scotch and catching up on my work, my thoughts kept drifting...

...The edges of the room seemed to blur, fading into hazy clouds of steam as my mind wandered. The quiet hum of my computer seemed to dissolve into the steady, splashing cadence of running water. Once again I saw Dan standing naked, fearlessly inspecting me. His hard lean body glistened beneath the sheen of hot water cascading over his skin. Tanned and firm, soapsuds slithered down his chest and thighs. His ass was round and smooth, as tan as the rest of his body. Tracking my gaze, he smiled slightly, and turns his back more toward me. His naked backside was glorious, I felt my cock begin to stir as he brazenly displayed himself for me...

Shaking my head briskly, I erased the vision from my mind. My cock was rock hard, and I felt ashamed, embarrassed and SO excited all at once. I paused for a moment, then figured, “The hell with it!” Fumbling wildly, my hands shaking, I undid my trousers and pulled up my shirt. My cock leapt from my boxers, standing straight and tall of its own accord, the silky, swollen head nuzzling my navel. I wrapped my sweating hand around the smooth shaft, amazed at the iron hardness I felt beneath the soft skin. Squeezing, I ran my hand up and down the length of my cock. Mmmmm. 

One stroke, two strokes, three strokes, I heard myself moaning out loud. I didn’t care. Abandoning myself to a rhythm dictated solely by wanton lust, I jerked wildly up and down my shaft. AHHHHHHHHHH, calling out as I felt myself explode, a fiery gout of cum arching through the air, bathing my chest, splashing over my stomach and running in thick warm rills over my thighs and spasming cock. Mmmmmmm, my GOD! I was amazed by the hardness I had felt, the intensity of my explosive orgasm, and the massive amount of cum that now covered me.

Breathing heavily, feeling my own cum hot against my belly, I realized that a lot of the fear, shame and revulsion I had experienced since the shower incident had been purged from my body with this wonderful climax. I made a conscience decision then and there... I was going back to the club tomorrow night...

Locker Room Lesson

The next night, I was as nervous as hell returning to the club. I wasn’t sure exactly what I wanted or expected, but I realized I needed to face Dan again. He seemed pretty nervous also, when I walked into the weight room.

“ Hey there Jim, good to see you. I was wondering where you were last night.” A benign and casual comment, but I could see uncertainty in his eyes. 

“Yeah, well ya know, I had to crunch out some work for my latest project. I’m back on track right now, ready for a workout,” I replied. My stomach churned as I imagined a Freudian slip, “ready for a shower” instead of “ready for a workout”. 

“That’s cool, good to have you back,” Dan seemed to be relieved. “Hey listen, why don’t we go grab a beer tonight after the workout? Light beer of course, haha,” he asked.

“Sure, sounds cool,” I replied.

The workout was fairly standard, although Dan spent a lot more time helping other members. It seemed as if we had made a bit of progress in dealing with the shower thing, although I was sure exactly what we were progressing towards. I wasn’t really surprised when Dan didn’t show up in the locker room until after I had showered and changed. 

“Give me five minutes Jim, and I’m good to go,” he said as he pulled off his shirt. 

“Sure thing Dan-O,” I said, finding my eyes wandering to the front of his shorts as he disappeared behind a bank of lockers. I suddenly realized that I totally wanted to relive the shower incident, but have things turn out a bit differently. 

Listening intently, I couldn’t hear any activity coming from the nearby weight room. The locker room seemed empty too, the soft rustle of Dan’s clothes coming off were the only sounds. Ok, I thought to myself, now or never. Boldly, I sat down on the bench right in front of the open showers. Hearing the soft slap of bare feet I looked over my shoulder. Dan was standing there in a total double take, towel over his shoulder. I’m not sure which was hanging lower, his jaw or his smooth bare cock!

As he recovered, and moved into the showers, I realized that I’d never seen a guy shaved before. It looked nice, really nice! The shower hissed, and the steam began to build. I watched Dan, his back to me, his round ass flexing as he soaped up.

“Um, I kind of thought you wouldn’t be coming back here,” Dan said, nervously clearing his throat. “I didn’t mean to freak you out guy...you weren’t supposed to catch me peeking, haha.” He laughed weakly, still obviously feeling uneasy.

“Yeah, well...you kind of shocked me,” I answered, “But hey, here I am.” My mouth went dry and my stomach churned as I implied the offer.

“Yupper, here you are...” He kind of trailed off. Turning to face me, it was quite obvious that he was becoming more comfortable with the situation. His cock was absolutely glorious. I’m guessing 8 inches...and not even fully hard yet! Sticking straight out with a slight droop ...smooth as alabaster, thick and glistening, the head as round as a succulent ripe plum. I realized that I was staring, slack-jawed, at his cock. 

“So, ummm, are you cool with this, I mean you’re into me?” He asked. 
 “Well, yeah, sorta,” I stammered. I had kind of expected things just to happen...I wasn’t prepared to discuss it. “I mean, I’m definitely not gay or anything...but this, ummm, seems pretty hot,” I continued lamely.

“Haha, I’m not gay either you wingnut!” Dan teased. “i’ve been spotting you for almost 2 weeks, and you didn’t notice the wedding band, haha?” He laughed again. “i’ve got a great woman at home, but I still like to mess around a bit, nothing wrong with that, right?” He prompted. “Nope...nothing wrong with that,” I replied.

“So, Jimbo, what should we do? Want to go someplace? You have your own house, right,” he asked. I became excited, realizing he was growing more assertive as his confidence grew. Here was my chance...

“Ummm, if its cool with you...I wouldn’t mind joining you in the shower...,” I said quietly. Before my very eyes, Dan’s cock rose to its full glory, swelling into a thick, smooth pole of nearly nine inches standing straight in front of his belly. I gasped...feeling my own 7 inch cock pressing painfully against my jeans. 

Dan smiled at me, “WAY cool, I told Meg to lock up when she left, everyone else is gone,” he said. Meg worked at the front counter. There was no chance that she would wander into the locker room.

Nervously, I stood up, Dan’s eyes glued on me as I started to undress. He grabbed his beautiful dick, squeezing it lustfully, as I had done to myself the night before. Sliding down my boxers, my iron cock bounced up, slapping against my flat belly. Looking down, I saw a slight smear of precum on my stomach, and a matching pearl glistening on the tip of my cock. Feigning confidence, I kicked off my underwear...and walked into the steamy shower.

Dan moved toward me, “mmmmmm,” he moaned, “you’ve got a great cock,” he said. “Thanks, yours is fantastic,” I replied. Reaching down, he took my cock in his strong hand...squeezing it firmly, rubbing the sensitive head. I moaned out loud, nearly cumming in his palm. 

I reached over too...cupping his full round balls in one hand, and curling my other palm around his thick shaft. God, it was huge! Squeezing hard...I felt the slight yield of silky skin...then steely hardness. Breathing heavily...we began to rub each other, squeezing and caressing. Moaning, my eyes closed briefly in ecstasy. I wrapped both hands around his perfect cock now...pulling in firm strokes away from his belly, then sliding my hands languidly back up the shaft. 

“Psst,” Dan hissed. My eyes flew open, fearing we’d been spotted. “Its much hotter if you watch, Jimbo,” he said with a smile. Nodding dumbly, I looked down, watching our hands kneading and massaging. God...I felt like I was going to explode at any minute. “You’ve got a great ass too,” I whispered hoarsely. Just like in my fantasy, Dan smiled again, boldly turning to display his beautiful bare ass. 

Without even thinking...I found myself sinking to my knees. Dan groaned as my lips pressed the firm, smooth globes of his ass. Leaning forward, he splayed his hands against the wall to support himself. Clasping his cheeks in my hands...I pulled them apart, spreading his tight crack. Ohhh GOD, I almost came right there! His crack is completely smooth, with a perfect pink rosebud puckered sweetly in the center. Pushing my face eagerly between his hard cheeks, I lewdly kissed his smooth asshole.

Mmmmm, it felt so dirty and forbidden, yet so erotic and delicious! Hungrily, my tongue darted out, rubbing and swirling over the tightly puckered muscle. Dan moaned...calling out. I felt his cheeks jump and spasm beneath my hands...then his butthole opened to my exploration as he relaxed. My tongue slithered into the tight opening, I circled it briskly, feeling the soft skin inside of his ass. More forcefully...I began to press and wiggle it deeper...Dan’s ass shaking now, his cheeks spasming in my hands. I reached down between his thighs...once more massaging his thick, hot manhood. I felt his hand on mine, guiding my rhythm as I feasted wantonly in his open backside. 

Suddenly, Dan groaned...turning to face me. Instinctively, I knew what to do. I slid one finger up his tight asshole, and opened my mouth wide to receive his cock. He grabbed my head in both hands...cleaving his quivering dick into my hot, slippery mouth. I sucked feverishly, hollowing my cheeks, driving my finger deeper up his butthole. Stretching my mouth as wide as I could, I realized I only had half of his beautiful cock buried in my mouth. 

Holding my head in place...Dan rocked his hips...fucking my mouth and working my finger in his ass. His cock was thick and hard, tasting slightly salty and musky. He groaned loudly, still sliding in an out of my mouth...his shaft glistening with my spit. Simultaneously, I felt his asshole clasp spasmodically on my probing finger, and his cock swell like a balloon, leaping in my mouth...

An enormous gush of hot, slippery cum flooded my mouth...quickly over flowing and running out of the corners of my mouth. I gagged, surprised by my first mouthful of cum, and too full between his massive cock and heavy load. Sensing the overflow, Dan pulled back, holding my head still with one hand while he stroked his pulsing cock with the other. 

Clumsily I pawed at his balls and the base of his shaft with both hands. Groaning again, a heavy ribbon of hot sperm erupted from his dickhole. I watched it in slow motion before it splashed thickly on my face. Squirt after squirt sprayed out, splashing into my hair, on my face, down my chest. I opened my mouth wide again, and Dan anointed my tongue with a salty-sweet squirt...filling me again. 

Gasping, he finally released my head, leaning back under the stream of hot water. I stood, dazed, shaking...aroused, and rock hard. I wiped the steam from a wall mounted shaving mirror and looked at myself. My face was distorted beneath a thick, clotted mask of cum, looking like melted candle wax. Excitement surged through me...I felt wicked and naughty as I grabbed my cock and began to pump it. 

“Whoa, whoa, don’t waste that sweet hard-on,” Dan said. Grabbing a bar of soap, he turned his back to me again. Leaning over, he began to heavily soap his ass crack. “c’mon...” He invited me. I gasped...I hadn’t anticipated this at all! As Dan splayed his hands against the wall...I moved in close behind him. Grasping my rock hard cock, I nudged his cheeks open with the silky head. 

Encouraged by his moan...I pushed harder. Mmmmm I watched as my swollen cockhead struggled briefly against his sweet pink butthole. Then, once again, it blossomed open in welcome. It stretched hungrily as I fed my heated shaft up his ass, inch by inch. Like a greedy mouth, it clasped my cock firm...urging me deeper. Grasping Dan’s hips, I groaned...overwhelmed by the sight of my cock buried between his tan cheeks...the base disappearing in his tight cleft, my pubic hair brushing him. I began to rock a steady rhythm, both of us moaning as my shaft slipped in and out of his perfect bottom. I grunted, pumping faster now...still watching the forbidden penetration...

A thought crossed my mind, “I’m buttfucking another man,” a thought just too erotic for my sensibilities. I lost control, thrusting madly up Dan’s tight ass...calling out as I felt the first jet of cum spray deeply into him. Pulling out, as Dan had from my mouth, I milked my cock, watching the jets of cum slash thick trails over his smooth cheeks...sluicing slowly away under the stream of hot water...

Mmmmm...I think I could grow to like this, I think with a smile...