 *All characters are 18+

Please enjoy chapter 2!*

Jared was at home and it was dark. Homework had been done, his new black eye had been fussed over, Grace had been said, dinner had been eaten, chores had been accomplished, and prayers had been muttered. When Jared got home, neither his mother nor father or his ten-year-old twin brothers had thought it unusual that Jared had put on an old turtleneck sweater when he got home. After all, Alfred Davis liked to keep the temperature to about sixty degrees to save on heating oil.

Now, after everyone was asleep, Jared had tiptoed into the bathroom. He wanted to see it. He wanted to look at it and touch it just to prove to his shell-shocked mind that what had happened that afternoon, had indeed happened. He looked into the mirror and one of his eyes was a swollen purple lump.

When he hooked his fingers into the high baggy neck of the old blue sweater and pulled it down, he half expected to see nothing but his smooth pale skin. Standing there in a sharp contrast to his skin however, was the hickey. The hickey was huge and dark. It was the size and shape and color of a ripe strawberry.

Jared touched it gently, and fresh memories flooded his mind and set his groin on fire as he touched the sensitive bruised flesh.

Jared was young, and the thoughts of Darryl, and Darryl's hands, and Darryl's mouth had filled his head until he thought that his family would see the terrible things he was thinking of, and throw him out. That's how loud and proclaiming and colorful his thoughts had been. Lightning had not fallen from the sky, or fire, or anvils. He nearly expected his mother's favorite decoration, a large varnished crucifix that hung on the wall in the dining room, to crack in two, or maybe even crumble to ashes.

Jared had been raised a devout Catholic, but now he was having his doubts.

The crucifix was still standing there, unblemished. Their house still stood, the earth hadn't shaken, and the rivers had not turned to blood. Why did he feel so afraid?

Jared shook the God-fearing thoughts from his head. Screw God and the entire church. He would slit his wrists with rusty butter-knives before letting his family know that he didn't like girls, but he wasn't going to deny the one good thing that had ever happened to him to appease a petty God.

Jared shuddered. "Sorry." He whispered timidly.

He sighed. He had come in here to masturbate, not pray, but suddenly it seemed like praying was the right thing to do.

He didn't get down on his knees like his parents had taught him. These were his informal prayers, his real prayers. He stood by the nickel faucet and closed his eyes and whispered a short to-the-point prayer.

"God? I like men. You probably know that already, being the Almighty and all. I really don't know how You feel on the subject. They are very clear about it in the Bible, but the Bible was written by men, men like Henry Jenkins and Victor Duke and Allen Hutchens. I really don't think that You, the real You, would have a problem with it. Just putting that out there. Thank you God, and good night."

Jared believed in God, and he always would. But he could not believe in the scripture. That would have killed him. Feeling slightly blasphemous, he masturbated quietly in the bathroom to thoughts of Darryl's big warm hands, urinated, brushed his teeth and went to bed.

---

Darryl went through a slightly similar phenomenon. He had been an atheist his entire life, but what he appealed to was his sense of honor.

'He's just a KID!!!' One side of his personality moaned.

'He loved it, and he asked to come back!' argued the other.

Darryl came to no real conclusion, but the mental argument lasted until three in the morning when he finally fell asleep. When his alarm clock woke him up at 6:30, he found out that he had squirted in the middle of the night, like a randy teenager.

---

The bubble of peaceful happiness that surrounded Jared that day at school was quickly and viciously popped when he saw the three boys who had cornered him last afternoon. His eye throbbed in a sudden reaction. Henry's eyes were slitted with fury. The other two boys looked uneasy and Allen's throat was swollen and red.

Jared quickly ducked into a nearby classroom and took a few deep breaths. He wasn't out of the woods with those boys. Not by a long shot.

---

He kept his head down all day, and right after his last class, calculus, he darted into the basement, making sure none of them were following him. He was pretty sure that Victor had Auto Shop outside, and that Henry and Allen were both in Geometry on the other side of the building, but he didn't breathe easily until he had slipped into Darryl's flat.

He smiled shakily and felt a knot of tension unravel in his stomach. Suddenly this one-room flat seemed more like home then any place he had been in his entire life.

The room was lit by a bare lightbulb hanging from the ceiling. The bed was a twin bed and it was covered by a few army-regulation blankets and a frayed homemade quilt. He didn't have a kitchen exactly, but he had a heating pad and a sink and a scarred carpenters table and an old Frigidaire. The table was covered in a blue tablecloth with a pile of mismatched dishes and cups. Dry goods were stored in milk crates under the table. His clothes were presumably in an old wooden traveling chest.

The room smelled of coffee and tobacco and wood shavings and an old dry smell. A pleasant smell. Darryl didn't smoke cigarettes, but he smoked a bowl of tobacco once a day. That had been one of the many things Jared had learned yesterday, and he treasured everything he knew about the wonderful older man.

Jared set his worn book satchel down on the floor and hung his light spring jacket on the bedpost. He wanted to make coffee for the two of them. Coffee seemed like an integral part of there connection, after all.

Jared eyed the flouncy pink apron that hung off a hook on the wall. He put it on. Wearing the apron was nice. It was a throwback to the days when he had been a very young boy and people had still screamed with laughter when he stole his mother's makeup and clumsily applied it, trying to 'Make pretty on my face'.

When he reached a certain age, such capers had no longer been 'precious' or 'darling'. They had become 'sissy' and 'queer'.

Jared put water in the battered tin pot and poured a handful of shiny black coffee beans into a wooden hand grinder. He knew how to do it; his Grandfather had showed him how. He loved how the room was a mix of vintage and modern.

"Damn, you look like an adorable little wife in that apron."

Jared jumped a little and felt his face flush with embarrassment and pleasure. Darryl was standing in the doorway, smiling and looking at him with those gleaming blue eyes. Jared felt the hickey on his neck throb, and that wasn't the only part of him that did.

"Do you mind if I take a shower? "

Jared suddenly imagined Darryl naked, with water running down that powerful body and that hard cock, and he flushed bright red.

"I d-don't mind." He stammered.

Darryl chuckled and gave the boy a brief strong hug. "Glad you came back." He murmured warmly. Jared was about to say something, but he felt the hard knob of Darryl's sex against his thigh and his mouth was suddenly too dry to say anything.

Darryl chuckled and walked into the bathroom, unbuttoning his shirt as he went. Jared caught a glimpse of silvery chest hair before the door closed and the water started to sputter against the tiles.

---

They sat on the bed, nursing their coffees, and sitting a respectful six inches or so away from each other. Darryl was wearing a long threadbare robe that showed curls of pure silver at the throat and his ankles at the bottom. Darryl chuckled.

"I guess it's story time."

Jared hesitated a little before nudging his body under Darryl's powerful arm. He leaned into the older man, wondering at how good, how natural this felt.

"It was only a day, but I missed you Darryl."

Jared was blushing and unable to meet his eye. He couldn't find the words, or the will to say them. He wanted to describe to Darryl the aching lust that had made him masturbate and come in his sleep and hunch over his desk all day. He wanted to tell Darryl that he already felt something like love for him. But Jared couldn't find the words, and when he did find them, he didn't have the courage to speak them.

Darryl seemed to understand. "I missed you too, Jared."

---

"After I found out for sure that it was a man behind that wall, I came there as often as I could. I sometimes skipped meals so I could scrounge up the money to feed into that hole. After almost two months of coming there as often as I could, I sent in a note. I remember it like it was yesterday, the note was written on the back of a scrap of paper I had torn off a campaign poster, and it said, 'I know you're a man, can I meet you outside when the bar closes?'

"I was so nervous, but he didn't say anything, he just sucked my cock like he always had."

Jared closed his eyes, imagining a young Darryl.

"I waited outside for almost half an hour after it closed, terrified that it would close and he wouldn't come. I was actually about to leave when a scrawny little man came up to me and asked me if I had been 'that guy with the note'."

Darryl smiled. "That was my first lover, Matthias Dante. He was a forty-year-old clerk who worked at a law firm. At night he would slide behind the plywood wall. He was a short guy, really wiry no matter how much he ate, pretty hairy. I was twenty, and to me he seemed so old and wise."

"I didn't know what to do; I mean, did we go out and eat dinner? Did we take long walks? Did we just lock ourselves in a room and fuck? It was mostly the third one. That strange little man always sucked me off for free after that. We would meet in my apartment, he would suck me off, we would sit around, smoke, talk, and then he would let me fuck him."

Jared snuggled closer. He felt so exposed. He had an erection, but he wasn't hiding it. Jared eyed the differences in their crotches, a small hard prong poking the front of his jeans and a hump in the worn green cloth of Darryl's robe.

"What is it like? I mean, to have sex with a man?"

It took all of Jared's courage to say that out loud.

"Do you mean the mechanics of it? Or do you mean how good it feels?"

Jared blushed deeper. "The first one... I already know that it feels good."

Darryl smiled and gave Jared a little squeeze with his arm. "Well... let's see where I begin... When you have sex with a man, or even a woman I guess, you need to be really hard. When you're young its really easy to get hard, but when you get a little older you really need some of the bedplay to get ready."

"When you have sex with a woman, if you're doing it right, the woman is all slicked up. A woman has her own juices, and she makes them when she's turned on. With a man, you have to have something slippery to put in their asshole, and all over your cock."

Jared slowly moved his hand over his crotch and started squeezing, moaning a little as the cloth scraped over his sensitive skin.

"The first time I had sex, I used a handful of Vaseline. Over the years though; I've used olive oil, soap, spit, one time I even used a handful of bacon grease. We were in the army and there was nothing else but motor oil, and we both knew that wouldn't be good!"

Darryl chuckled, and then became serious.

"I really loved yesterday, but I wanted to see you so badly. You are a very beautiful young man. May I take your shirt off?"

Jared whimpered softly at the throb of arousal. He ducked his head, suddenly unable to look at him. "Y-Yeah." He whispered shakily.

"Oh Beautiful, a whole day without you was just too much."

Darryl scooped Jared's thin torso into his arms and kissed him. In moments their tongues were tangling and Jared's breath was coming in aroused gasps. His glasses were crooked from the force of the sudden kiss.

Darryl was out of breath. He broke the kiss for a moment, Jared's saliva gleaming on his lips. "Hold your arms up Baby." He whispered hoarsely before swooping down to kiss his neck.

Jared let out a high-pitched breathy cry as Darryl nibbled at the dark sensitive hickey on his neck. Darryl's big warm hands were reaching under the hem of his t-shirt and peeled it over his head.

Darryl backed away a little, holding the younger man by the shoulders and looking him over. He looked like a starving man surveying a nine-course meal, or maybe an art lover reviewing a beautiful painting.

Jared was blushing and shy, his eyes downcast, flitting up to Darryl's face before skittering back down. Poor shy Jared loved what he saw in Darryl's eyes. He had rarely seen that lustful, wanting, worshipful expression on anyone's face, and never towards him.

Darryl looked over the pale unblemished skin. Jared had very clear fine skin, not a pimple or blemish anywhere. He hungrily eyes that slim girlish waist, and his mouth was watering when he eyed those gorgeous nipples. They were pristine and untouched, the color of ripe raspberries on his pale chest, soft and relaxed. Jared was boyishly hairless except for a pitiful little cluster of transparent hairs at the center of his chest, a little peach fuzz around those luscious pink nipples, and a soft dark tuft under both arms.

Darryl's voice was hoarse and haggard with desire. "Lie down Beautiful, and let me taste you. Oh please let me eat you up."

Jared moaned a little and lay down on his back, filled with a scintillating mixture of desire and shame. "Please Darryl... Please make me feel good."

Before tasting the alluring display Jared had laid in front of him, Darryl took Jared's wrists in his hands. He stroked those slim white wrists, marveling at how slender they were, then he held them over Jared's head with one hand. He hungrily eyed Jared's body, and dipped his head down to taste it.

Jared felt his back arch, felt his mouth bubble full of all of the sounds he wanted to make. He bit on his tongue to keep from screaming with the tickly sexy feeling of Darryl's mouth closing on his left nipple. The day before he had been squirming when Darryl touched his nipples through the fabric of his shirt, and now Darryl's *mouth* was there, and he was laving it with his tongue and scraping it with his teeth.

Darryl devoured that tender little berry of a nipple. He felt the fuzz tickle his lips and decided then and there to stop shaving, so Jared could know what it felt like to feel stubble on his skin. He could feel the bud of the nipple perk up and become a hard nub in his mouth. Darryl raised his head long enough to lick his lips and go to the other one. Jared was shaking and making the most adorable little noises.

Jared wanted to hold Darryl's head, to slow him down, but then he realized how much having his hands restrained excited him. Not being able to stop him added a delicious thrill to the scenario.

Darryl's next move had Jared giggling hysterically and laughing and begging him to stop, all the time his cheeks hectic with arousal. Darryl lapped at those tantalizing tufts under his arms. He tasted fresh sweat and soap and the sheer man taste-smell-essence that was Jared. He didn't stop his oral attack on Jared's underarms until all he could taste was his own spit and Jared was gasping weakly for air.

Darryl lifted his head to look Jared in the eye, and suddenly the younger man wasn't so shy. He was grinning brazenly at him, looking happy and aroused and almost worshipful. Darryl rose up to give him a quick sloppy kiss before going back to his body.

Darryl ran his tongue in meandering tracks down the taut sweat-beaded planes of Jared's abdomen. Jared had a very small wiry build and the flat muscles wavered and trembled under the pale skin. Darryl paid special attention to a small mole just under the shortribs on Jared's right side, kissing it and sucking the skin into his mouth to make a small hickey.

"Oh!" Jared mewled, flushing with arousal and grasping the innuendo as Darryl looked up into his eyes and thrust his tongue into the sexy little cup of Jared's navel, fucking it with his tongue.

He raised his questing nibbling mouth to ask a question. "Can I do it Beautiful?"

He gently cupped his fingers around the tough denim that masked a sweet bulge.

"Y-Yes! Yes please Darryl!" Jared was gasping.

Darryl released his hands so he could reach the boy's crotch, and instantly the small hands began fondling his own body, tugging on the sensitive nipples and rubbing the new hickey on his side. The older man grinned and unbuttoned the pants. He unzipped and pulled the flaps of his fly down so he could see the gorgeous streamlined shape outlined by taut white fabric. Clear fluid had seeped through the cloth to make a small wet patch near the tip.

Instead of unveiling the prize immediately, Darryl put the cloth-covered bulge in his mouth and sucked on the damp fabric, feeling the hot pulsing head underneath.

Jared shrieked, unable to muffle the delirious cry that escaped his lips. Darryl's mouth was on him! He cradled Darryl's shaven head in his hands and bit his lips to muffle the sounds.

"Shh... Shh... it's alright Beautiful... just calm down."

Jared's eyes were closed, but he felt the draft of warm air on his cock as Darryl pulled his briefs away. He felt the way his penis leapt to attention. He waited for more sensation; he needed more sensation.

Jared mewed softly as he felt the feather-light touch of Darryl's lips on the taut flushed head of his cock. Then he felt the slick muscle of his tongue caress the very tip, tasting the dribble of clear fluid. 

Darryl's fingers fondled the dark blonde bush of hair around his penis, and he reached into Jared's underwear again to pull out a sensitive fuzzy pouch. Jared mewled over and over as Darryl teased the very tip of his cock with his mouth and as Darryl fondled the tender sacs within their pouch.

Then Darryl moved slowly. He kept his lips in a tight perfect seal around the hot pulsing shaft as he slowly moved down, feeling the quivering member slide further into his mouth, surrounding it in warm wetness.

Jared didn't make a sound. His teeth were clenched tight and he wasn't breathing as the muscles in his hips tightened and he stared at the cobwebby concrete ceiling and his eyes crossed and his vision doubled and he was closer and closer to the tip of some unreachable climax.

Then he reached it.

Darryl choked as those lean girlish hips bucked wildly in a single thrust, shoving Jared's dick into the back of his throat, he felt his mouth fill with hot musky semen and he heard Jared let out a wild quavering cry.

Darryl put his hands on those flexing hips, sliding under the jeans to briefly cup sweet silken buttocks. He sucked firmly at the softening cock until Jared's hips relaxed and he started squirming and giggling because his spent cock was so sensitive.

"Come here Beautiful." Darryl purred.

Jared obliged, sitting up so he could be in Darryl's arms and press his face into his warm chest. The robe had gaped open a little and the skin was warm and he could feel curls of silvery wiry hair against his cheek.

"Thank you Darryl." He whispered, still not brave enough to call him Baby, or Honey, or any of the pet names that danced on the tip of his tongue. "That was really amazing."

Darryl's voice was strained with need. "You can thank me by helping me out a little Beautiful."

Darryl took one of those delicate white wrists in his large paw and led Jared's hand to the place in the fabric was hot and bulging and damp. Jared looked into his eyes, unsure and insecure and a little afraid.

Darryl smiled warmly. "You don't have to suck me off Baby... I wont make you do anything you don't want. Just gimme a handjob, like you did yesterday."
