 *Hello everyone. Just a quick reminder, they do not use condoms, but this is set in the early seventies, and the AIDs scare did not begin until late seventies/early eighties. I endorse condoms 100%, but in this case it wasn't realistic. Darryl wouldn't have put a condom on because Jared was a virgin, and Jared was too naive to ask.

This is the last chapter of Shy Jared, glad to be down to three threads! Takes a lot of stress away!

All characters are 18+*

*

Jared had always believed in God. God had always been more like a friend to him, someone to confide in, someone who had always understood him, someone who was closer to him then anyone else in the world, even Darryl.

Even when Jared knew for sure he was gay, nothing could have gotten between him and his belief. Church however, was a different story.

Never was there a building or a place that Jared despised more then the little brick church. Reverend Phillip Dean was the kind of pastor who knew how to get the congregation inspired, he was a young man with a lionlike mane of hair and a mobile mouth and thundery eyes. Several of the women who came to church hung on his every word, from the wide eyed teenagers to the stooped old women.

Phillip Dean preached of salvation in everyday life. He often preached about controversial issues, and this week, he was preaching about homosexuals.

Jared sat in the middle pew with his mother and father, and his twin brothers Robert and Frederick, more commonly referred to as Bobby and Freddy. Jared was stifled in a pale blue dress shirt and uncomfortably warm wool dress pants and his ill-fitting dress shoes. The dark blue tie was uncomfortably tight and the collar was sticky with sweat. His hair was combed down flat on one side and it felt sticky and uncomfortable with the pomade his father insisted on him putting in.

"You're hair is getting too long, you look like a gol darn hippy. we'll get it cut after church but for now just slick some pom' in it so it doesn't look like you just woke up!"

The Davis family had very strict ideas about swearing.

So Jared was uncomfortable and hot, while a handsome preacher with thunder-eyes stood on the cherrywood pulpit and told them that homosexuals were spurning God.

"Let me tell you folks something!" The Reverend rolled up the sleeves of the white robe he was sweating in, revealing tanned and hairy forearms, several women in the congregation gasped. "The worst part about this, this invasion of the good God-fearing people in America, is that these degenerates choose their lifestyle. Jim Foster of the so-called 'Alice B Tokias movement' is challenging the truth of the matter, and as are the Doctors and Psychologists of this nation!"

Jared had a guilty, yet pleasant fantasy of bringing the huge bible on the pulpit--it was a beautiful bible, the pages edged in real gold leaf and the outside bound in white leather--down on the Reverend's handsome head. Bringing it down again and again to silence that steady flow of poison that leaked from his chiseled jaw and silver tongue.

"For the past fifty years or so, we have considered these Godless people as suffering from a kind of disease. And this Foster, there is not a word I can use to describe this kind of treachery to God and all else. Foster says that it is not a disease, and that people are born this way, and that there is nothing wrong with it."

"Because I can tell you what it is! There have been countless studies that prove that Homosexuals can be CURED! Not of a disease of the flesh, but a malady of the SPIRIT! There are treatments that have been founded not by some upstart DOCTOR in a LAB, but by the good Ministers and people of the CHURCH!"

Jared felt his eyes sting. The congregation was nodding and agreeing (many of the women were agreeing fervently, or as the good Reverend might say, FERVENTLY) the pleasant and cheerful faces of many of the people who had known him since he was a child were grotesque with belief. If any of these people learned who he really was at this exact moment, they would tear him apart.

---

After church, the adults stayed in the cool shady outdoors to discuss the sermon, while the youth, ages twelve through eighteen, discussed inside, and those younger stayed in another room to color pictures of Noah's ark and Jonah getting swallowed by the big fish.

Jared could go to the adult discussion if he wanted to, but considering what had been said during the day's sermon, that would be a bad idea. So he was sourly disappointed when Owen Pedanski, the sweaty, balding youth leader, decided to bring it up for the youth meeting.

Jared pretended to be bored. "I thought we were supposed to discuss Exodus today?"

Owen shrugged. "Glad to see you showing some interest Jared, but Exodus is a big chapter and I think we can wait until next week to do a more in-depth analysis. For now I think we need to discuss homosexuality. Now I know that you are all uncomfortable with this, and I am too, but we honestly need to just learn what it is in order to know what God feels about it."

For once the other teens were dead silent. Normally there were jokes and discussion, but now they were listening with grotesque intensity.

"Now the first chapter in the Bible that discusses this...issue...is in the book of Leviticus, where all of God's rules are being listed, and God states very clearly that 'If a man lies with another man as he would a woman, then they shall be stoned until dead'."

Jared interrupted, he couldn't help it.

"Isn't Leviticus a bad chapter to take advice from?"

Suddenly all eyes were on Jared. Several of the other youth were looking at him with shocked and prissy expressions, and one girl actually gasped.

Jared had to continue. "Well it also states that if a virgin gets raped then she has to marry whoever raped her and all he has to do is pay a fine and sacrifice two castrated goats by burning them to ashes at an alter!"

Owen flushed. "That has nothing to do wi--"

"Or, if any of the women here have their period, they are unclean, and everything they touch has to be washed and anyone who touches them will be unclean till sundown."

Shocked giggles were breaking out and Jared gained a little confidence. "Same thing if they give birth. Your wife gave birth to a beautiful baby girl a month ago Mr. Pedanski, but in Leviticus, you have to burn two goats, or if you cant afford a goat, two pigeons, and everything and everyone she touches will be unclean until sundown, and she is not allowed to enter a building of worship, and the child cant be named, for 66 days! It only would have been 33 if it was a boy..."

Jared had forgotten briefly that Mr. Pedanski could punish him.

"JARED DAVIS YOU SHUT YOUR GODDAMN TRAP AND KNEEL IN THE CORNER!!"

Uneasy laughter at that, none of the adults had ever sworn at them in church. The snickers intensified when Jared flushed and tried to walk with dignity to the corner where he would have to kneel on grains of uncooked rice until the discussion was over.

---

Of course his parents learned. Jared walked slowly to the family station wagon with his stippled sinner's knees and waited for what he dreaded most of all. His family wasn't violent, but they punished by taking away privileges. Privileges like the 'study group' that he stayed after school for.

Jared cringed, if he had to stay away from Darryl, he didn't know what he was going to do.

Bobby and Freddy were both very husky ten-year-olds, while Jared was a very small eighteen-year-old. He could probably still beat them if he really had to, but he really didn't like fighting, so he didn't argue when they jostled him for the window seats. 

Alfred Davis wasn't that angry. He hated Owen for selling them a shitty car that had broken down after about a hundred miles, and despite trying to act stern, he was not-so-secretly happy that his son had managed to break Pedanski's temper. Helen Davis, on the other hand was so furious that her mouth was a tight white slit and she muttered the entire way home. Neither of them spoke to Jared on the way home, punishments were reserved for the parlor.

After the church, the parlor was probably Jared's second least favorite place to be. It was pretty, he supposed. The furniture and carpet and wall paper were in moss-green, dove-grey, and rose-pink. An antique german clock ticked away on one moss-green wall, and the other three were decorated by oil landscapes done by a distant ancestor. Helen Davis was an amateur genealogist. But the room was filled with bad associations.

The parlor was where the wake for Grampy Thomas had been held. Grampy had been Jared's favorite relative in the whole world, a wizened old man who swore like a sailor behind his stern wife's back and always had treats for his grandchildren, and who told fantastical stories about WWII, and storming the beach at Normandy.

The parlor is also where relatives had come to grieve for Helen when she had a miscarriage.

Whenever relatives visited, it was always in the parlor, wearing starched shirts and tight shoes and not allowed to talk but not allowed to fall asleep or even yawn or you would be in BIG TROUBLE.

As Jared sat on a rose-pink armchair, hearing that clock tick dryly on the moss-green wall and tapping his toes nervously on the dove-grey carpet, he realized that he would like nothing better then to destroy this room. Pour gasoline on the silk wallpaper and smash the clock and put his foot through the paintings and take an axe to the furniture and piss on the rug.

Helen and Alfred Davis came in. Alfred was trying to look stern, but failing to look that serious, while Helen looked as serious as a heart attack. Jared could feel light sweat becoming heavy sweat under the arms of his uncomfortable blue shirt.

The attack came as many had before. They took turns, and Jared was expected to sit there, sweating with his head down unless they barked at him to look at them, and with his mouth shut unless they barked at him to speak. They took turns, but he had no rest.

The parlor was the place where you were never following the rules, no matter how hard you tried.

He was near tears when the lecture was near its end. The German clock had ticked dryly and slowly, and nearly forty minutes had passed from when Jared's parents had entered the room. He hated how his parents could make him feel, worthless and stupid and inconsequential. Like he wasn't even their son.

"What sort of punishment do you think you deserve?"

Jared hated that question. It was a question that should have been rhetorical, but he was always expected to answer. It was a question that was pointless and stupid and made no sense to ask.

"Well? Are you going to answer me or not! Do you realize what kind of trouble you're in!"

"I don't know mom. I paraphrased the bible better then a crooked car salesman, and I don't know why that's a crime..."

"JARED HOWARD DAVIS!!!! DONT YOU DARE BACKSASS ME.!!!"

She was half drowned out by Alfred's roar of laughter, which detracted from her outraged shriek.

---

After more argument (Jared had turned his interrogators against each other, and that helped immensely.) his punishment was harsh, but it filled him with relief.

His ten-dollar allowance was revoked for two months, a harsh blow in a world where a comic book cost a dollar and a large meal at a diner maybe five. He was given double chores, which meant he had to do laundry and the kitchen as well as his usual chores of mowing the lawn and taking out the trash and cleaning the upstairs bathroom. Bobby and Freddy were thrilled because of their lightened load.

He was forbidden from having friends over (he had to laugh at that, what friends?), and he was forbidden from watching the television.

But... when Alfred Davis mentioned Jared's 'study group' after school, Helen shot that possibility out of the water before he could even finish his sentence.

"I don't think he should keep going to the after-school calculous tutoring, I mean, he isn't allowed to have friends at the house and he sh--"

"No Al, that's a stupid idea, we wont deprive other children of tutoring just because our child is being fractious, that would be unchristian of us."

They went on to bicker on weather it was feasible to deny him money for the city bus, and Jared tried not to let them see his relief. He had panicked, and then relaxed within five seconds. It was like being on a roller coaster, but at least Monday was still on.

He had to act contrite for the rest of the lecture, but it was all he could do not to burst out smiling.

---

That night, he went to the bathroom to pray. He was tired from mowing the lawn and cleaning the bathroom, but he was clean from his shower, and each of his tired muscles felt sore and clean and divine.

"Hello God. Today was a close call, wasn't it? Kids at school might know, and of course, Henry Jenkins and his crowd might be trying to sabotage me. I'm scared, of course, but I'm just glad that I get to be with Darryl on Monday. I think I'm in love with him. I hope he's in love with me. I know that he really cares about me, but that isn't really the same is it? I don't care that much in the end though, I don't know what's going to happen in the end, and I cant control it anyway, so I'm just gonna hope that things work out okay. Maybe put Henry in a cast, do me a little favor. Thanks, and goodnight. Amen."

Then Jared masturbated into the toilet, remembering the sensation of Darryl's tongue and fingers in his asshole, and imagining the feeling that he would feel when Darryl used his big fat cock instead of just his fingers. Then he brushed his teeth and went to bed.

---

It was impossible to concentrate on schoolwork, and it was even hard to give Henry Jenkins and his friends any real thought. Jared avoided them, and was careful to duck out of their way, but they almost didn't seem important. Nothing seemed important, except Darryl.

Jared got out of class a little early. The Advanced Calculus teacher, Mr. Williams, trusted Jared completely and let him out early when Jared asked politely. He didn't even require a real excuse. Jared just asked politely if he could leave class a little early, and Mr. Williams agreed immediately.

Jared didn't want any trouble whatsoever from Henry Jenkins or his friends today. Today was just too important.

---

Jared opened the door to Darryl's flat, and as soon as the rush of dry warm air hit him, he felt a tangible sense of relief. He smiled and closed the door behind him, he was home.

He went to the bathroom to pee and look at himself in the small square mirror that had been hung over a nail with a loop of twine. He saw the thin excited face of a boy who was a virgin, and would soon no longer be a virgin. He touched the corner of his eye, where the very last yellow remains of the black eye lingered, and he touched his neck, where the first hickey had been.

He loved the hickeys that Darryl left on his body, but after the first one he had warned the older man not to leave them on his neck. Darryl still left those red marks on his chest and underarms and inner thighs. The marks were tender, and made Jared gasp and whimper just by touching them.

The bell rang. Jared went out into the main room of the flat and started making coffee with a small grin on his face. He didn't have an erection yet, but he had a warm liquid feeling in his crotch that told him that he would soon.

He had just finished pouring the coffee in two white mugs when the door creaked open.

He nearly jumped, but had to be careful since he was handling the coffee. Darryl was in the doorway. He stood there with a huge grin on his face and his blue coverall shirt opened to show a white undershirt underneath. Jared felt his mouth go dry at the silver curls at the neck of that shirt. He wanted to feel those wiry curls against his bare chest, against his nipples...

Darryl chuckled softly at the look of naked lust on Jared's flushed face. "Hello Jared, do I even need to ask you if you were thinking about today over the weekend?"

Jared shook his head wordlessly and ran in to press his face against those rough curls as he hugged Darryl hard.

In a gentler, serious voice, Darryl spoke. "That's it Jared, I really missed you over Sunday..." He chuckled. "I even came a few times at night, like a randy little teenager..."

Jared giggled against the warmth of Darryl's chest, and then he kissed him there, nuzzling in gently. Darryl groaned softly in his throat and started pulling Jared to the bed.

"C'mon Beautiful, let's get started." Darryl's breathing was hoarse and his voice was a low commanding growl. Jared shivered with the delicious waves of lust and need trembling from his body.

Darryl sat him down on the bed and pulled the shirt up over his head in a quick rough motion, and Jared gasped as the warm air touched his shivery skin. Darryl's hands on his body were ravishing and stroking him, but with utmost gentleness, and reverence, as if he were touching something rare and precious. Jared loved how special Darryl could make him feel.

Jared lay flat on the bed as Darryl got up to take off his coverall shirt and undershirt. Jared looked up, toying with those tiny pink nipples of his, his cock a hard bulge in the faded denim of his loose bluejeans. Darryl lay on the bed next to him, and rolled onto his back.

"Come on up here Sweetheart." He murmured. Jared stripped off his jeans and underwear, feeling breathless and frantic with his own daring, and straddled Darryl's chest, completely naked. He could feel Darryl's chest hair against the tender little pouch of his testes, and his cock was at right angles to his body, not fully hard, but getting there fast.

Darryl groaned deep in his chest and reached up to fondle that young perky cock. The pale foreskin withdrew to show a brilliant red tip. He reached forward and started to lick it gently, driving the sweet teenager on his chest nearly insane.

"Oh Darryl, that feels, that feels so..." Jared couldn't seem to describe how it felt. He just clutched the slides of the older man's head in his shaking hands and cried out and humped. Darryl soon had to intervene.

"Woah there Jared!" He kissed the boy gently, right at the tip of his hard, aching penis. "Do you want the night to be over before it even begins?"

Jared blushed at the older man's teasing, and without any prompting he slid down and started kissing the bulge in Darryl's coverall pants through the zipper. Darryl cradled the younger man's head in his hands, and groaned softly. Jared teased open the zipper with his teeth and Darryl lifted his hips to slide the pants and his underwear down to his knees.

Jared whimpered with need and started sucking. He loved the way Darryl's cock filled his mouth, loved how far he had to open his jaws, loved the ache. He felt the heat of Darryl's semi-hard organ stretching his lips and whimpered with ecstasy. He could feel he beat of Darryl's heart against his lips and tongue, and the older man groaned hungrily as his student licked and fondled his sensitive cock-head in a swirling motion.

Jared teased him, flicking the tip of his tongue against the little hollow under the head of his cock, and then tonguing that all the way down the the fuzzy balls. He cradled the sac in his hand and licked them gently, reverently.

He crawled up and kissed Darryl hard, moaning softly. He rested on Darryl's naked body, feeling the hardness of his chest and stomach, and the wealth of wiry curly body hair against his thin smooth chest. He nuzzled Darryl's cheek and whispered.

"I... I'm so horny Darryl, we have to go faster."

Darryl growled softly. "I like the sound of that, Beautiful."

In a lithe motion, he pushed the young man down to the bed and reached for the bottle of baby oil that still rested on the night table. Jared blushed and let out a breathless little giggle at the sight of the oil that he had brought, and the sudden rush of memories.
