 *All characters are 18+

Subsequent chapters may take a little longer as I will be working on Poor Simon*





Darryl Smith did not have an exulted life. He was not living the American dream. He was a janitor at a high school with a social society like Lord of the Flies. The teachers were snooty, the sports stars got their asses kissed by everyone, and everyone treated him like some sort of trained monkey in a blue coverall.

Darryl, however, was content. He had been in the Korean War near the very beginning in the early fifties. He had stayed in the trenches for two months, long enough to write four letters home, and lost his foot when some bonehead dropped a grenade. He had been one of the lucky ones, two others died and one had lost both legs from the crotch down. He was 56 and living well. He rented the apartment in the basement of the school for peanuts, and got free veterans welfare.

It was four in the afternoon, about an hour after all the kids who didn't have sports or clubs went home. Kids who were in clubs and basketball were trickling out in singles and small groups, and Darryl was mopping muddy footprints from one of the side entrances. The snow was melting, so the dull green tiles were filthy with snowmelt mud.

He was going to the janitors closet when he heard the sound. The janitors closet was in a narrow concrete hallway that Darryl had to nudge couples from at least twice an hour during the day. He was just outside the hallway, about to go in and dump the old gray water into the sink when he heard the noise.

It was the muffled frightened sobs of a young man. It was a low hurt scared sound. Then there was ugly laughter.

Darryl was a big man, but big didn't mean soft. He weighed 250 and his body was rock-hard. No longer chiseled as it had been when he was younger, but mostly slab-like muscle. He was just over six feet tall.

He was big, but not too big as to give himself away when he went silently into the narrow hallway. He slid into the entryway to the closet without any of the four boys noticing. Two boys were holding a third back, and the fourth was cowering under the big porcelain sink. It was a frail-looking kid with huge horn-rimmed glasses dangling from one ear and a bloody nose.

All three of the other boys were wearing letter jackets. The one in the middle was big on the wrestling team and Darryl recognized the other two from the football team.

"C'mon Henry!" The boy with pimples and barn-beam shoulders panted. "If yah hurt the little fucker too bad we're gonna get in deep shit!"

"Yeah Henry!" The other boy Darryl recognized from the auto shop class that he substituted for when the teacher was too drunk. Victor Duke, a mean weasely fucker who liked to fuck off in class and give an unconvincing innocent expression whenever anyone told him to get to work.

The boy in the middle was taller then the broad boy and more muscular then Victor. His face was twisted, not into a bullying sneer, but a rictus of pure rage.

"Little ass-fairy deserved it." He snarled. The boy under the sink moaned. "I ain't gonna lay off the little queer until he learns his fucking lesson!"

Henry lashed out a foot and got the boy under the sink in the stomach. The boy screamed breathlessly and his feet scrabbled uselessly on the green tiles, trying to hide further in the narrow space under the sink.

Darryl came forward silently, his face calm but his wide blue eyes furious. His hands moulded into huge fists with silvery scarred knuckles. They didn't see him until he grabbed the red-and-gold collar of Henry's leather letter jacket. His other fist went up, hitting three short powerful blows right to the stomach and short ribs.

Henry bent at the waist and threw up, but Darryl was already moving. He hooked his leg behind the short powerful boy's knees, throwing him off balance before sending a right hook to the throat.

Victor had barely managed to give a weak punch to Darryl's back when he turned and backhanded the pale greasy asshole in the face.

The three would-be tormenters of the boy cowering under the sink fled, reeling and barely understanding what had happened to them.

Darryl turned, and saw the boy crawling from under the sink. He had long coltish legs and slim hips dressed in faded bluejeans. He was holding his twisted glasses in his hands and his face was bloody and streaked with tears. His hair was so dark brown it was nearly black, and a little too long. Darryl felt his hard lined face soften, and he reached out a big callused hand.

"Come here son, lets get you cleaned up."

---

The boy's name was Jared Davis. Darryl was looking at the twisted glasses through his readers with a needlenose pliers and a tiny screwdriver while Jared called and fed a lie to his mother. Darryl liked the sound of the boy's voice, it was warm and soft and husky.

"Yes mom... yes... I just ran into a pole, I'm sorry I wasn't looking...Mr. Smith says he can fix them... I'll be home by seven, I might go to the comics store... yes mom...I'm sorry mom... thanks, bye mom."

He put down the heavy black melted-barbell shape of the receiver and blushed a little as Darryl looked at him.

"Thank you Mr. Smith." He whispered. He sat down on Darryl's military-neat bed and nursed the white mug of coffee the older man had given him. A large shiner was developing on his left eye, but he had wiped at the blood with wet tissue paper and he looked presentable.

Darryl tweaked the arm of the horn-rims with the pliers. "Don't call me Mr. Smith and I wont call you Mr. Davis... My name's Darryl."

Jared took a deep breath and a sip of the black coffee. The coffee was hot and strong and soothing. "I just want to thank you Darryl."

"Hmf. These are for you, a little crooked, but close enough for Government work."

Jared took the glasses and put them back on. Darryl smiled a little; the glasses made Jared look pretty damn cute.

The boy was pale and nervous. "Will you... will you tell anyone?"

Darryl sighed. "I wont tell, I ain't one for making trouble. But could you tell me why they were bothering you? Those boys?"

Jared looked upset and pale, and Darryl thought he knew the answer. Jared wiped his eyes quickly with his sleeve and took a deep breath. Darryl already knew what he would say. He had read it in the slightly vulnerable set of the kid's shoulders, and in the unconsciously feminine way he crossed his ankles and in his mannerisms. Faint faint signs that the untrained eye would simply ignore.

"I was in physical education." His voice was a very soft monotone and Darryl had to strain to catch it all. He kept his eyes on those soft pink lips as the boy spoke. "I was taking a shower, and I saw... I saw Henry's..."

He couldn't finish, but Darryl finished for him. "You saw this boy's cock and you got an erection."

Jared flushed and tears welled behind the thick glasses. "Yeah." He whispered. His secret was out, and he was on the verge of weeping.

Darryl leaned back in his tatty armchair. "The same thing happened to me when I was your age."

Darryl kept his eyes down, but he could feel the kid's shock, it was like a physical presence in the room. "I was pretty big, even then, so I could defend myself pretty well. But I took my lumps."

He raised his eyes and the expression on Jared's face was enough to make his cock twitch. The boy was looking at him wide-eyed, with flushed red patches on his cheeks and ears. His lips were slightly parted and his eyes sparkled. His thoughts couldn't have been clearer if a comic-book thought bubble had appeared over his head. 'I'm not alone!' is what that bubble would have read.

Jared looked down, shy and unsure and unbelievably curious. The monumental gap of their age and gender and society and Jared's naiveté stretched between them.

Darryl bridged that divide. He reached for the empty mug that lay forgotten in Jared's loosely cradled hands.

"Would you like some more coffee?" Darryl's voice was warm and gentle and inviting.

"Yes please." Jared whispered, shy and ready to know more.

---

Their time turned into a quiet sharing of stories. Stories of loss and frustration and confusion, and in Darryl's case, joy.

Jared went first, and he spoke quietly, and sometimes tearfully about his first and only sexual encounter.

His best friend Matt had come over to his house when they were both fourteen. Matt had brought over a penthouse magazine that he had stolen from his father's underwear drawer and was so excited to use it, but too scared to use it in his house. They had masturbated together in Jared's room with the door shut.

But Jared had not been looking at the blonde girl's breasts or legs (back then, the only magazines that showed pussy were European, the first edition of Hustler would come out in four years) he had been looking at his friend's body. He looked at Matt's body, cringing with a mixture of confusion and shame and fear and self-hatred. Matt had noticed near the end.

Matt had been a good friend till the end. He didn't explode or give away Jared's secret, but he never spoke to Jared again, and they had gone to different high schools.

Darryl moved so he sat on the bed, a respectful few inches away from Jared. He put his arm around the boy's shoulders. They just sat there for a few moments, Jared trying not to cry and Darryl making soft soothing noises; occasionally murmuring 'It's okay' or 'Shh'.

When Jared had it back under control, Darryl scooted closer so their sides were touching and he began to tell his story. Jared was fascinated with the touch of the older man's warm solid body touching his side, and the comforting weight of Darryl's arm draped over his shoulders.

"I didn't have any encounters until I found a little dive bar crammed in the streets of St. Paul. It was called 'Harvey's' but everyone called it 'The Hole', and for a pretty good reason."

Darryl shifted, and Jared felt his cheeks flush. He knew that Darryl's story would be much more explicit then his. He had been very shy and used words like 'we touched ourselves' instead of masturbation or 'I looked at him' instead of describing what he had been looking at.

"In the back there was a little plywood wall with a hole cut into it and lined with cotton padding. If you gave the bartender fifty cents he would let you back into this room. There you would put another quarter into the hole and then stick your cock in. Someone behind the wall would suck on it until you came."

Jared gasped and clasped his hands firmly over his crotch to hide his growing arousal. He only knew about gay sex in the vaguest of ways. He knew that gay men would put their cocks in each others assholes, but the only reason he even knew that was because in the bible that his mother read before dinner each night it was called sodomy.

The idea, just the sheer idea that another man could put his mouth on his cock... Jared flushed and pressed harder on his crotch. Just that idea had nearly made him... come. That word was also new to him. Jared didn't have any male friends, and the only word he had ever known for it was ejaculation.

Darryl was watching Jared go through his silent flushes of arousal and shock. He loved the effect he had on the boy, and murky plans were slowly rising to the surface of his brain.

"Most of the men there were convinced that it was just a god-ugly woman behind that wall; maybe a granny or some old fucked out whore. The really bullshit ones had themselves convinced that it was where housewives went to be sluts so their hubbys never found out. I knew that it was a man behind the wall. I had suspected for a long time, but finally one day I felt the head of my cock rub against his cheek and I could feel his beard."

It was too much for poor Jared. He let out a little squeal and went stock-still under Darryl's arm. Darryl watched with silent fascination until Jared looked up at him, scarlet-faced and panting.

"Did you just come?" He asked curiously.

"N-No. Almost." Jared's voice was shaky. "I don't have another story, d-do you want to tell another?" He gave Darryl a painfully shy look. His dark brown eyes kept darting nervously to Darryl's crotch. They both had erections; the difference was that Darryl was making no move to hide the bulge in his blue coverall pants.

"I have an idea." Darryl leaned closer, so close that their cheeks were almost touching. Jared could smell onions and tomatoes and garlic. "Do you want to see it? Do you want to see my cock?"

Jared made a small moaning noise deep in his throat, nearly going through convulsions of embarrassment and want. He nodded and huddled into Darryl's chest.

It took all of Darryl's control to slow down for a few seconds. He touched Jared's chin and brought his face up so they were looking at each other, face to face.

"Listen Jared, I don't want to make you do something you don't want to do. If I did that, I would be forcing you. I would be worse then those bastards that hurt you earlier. Are you sure Jared?"

Jared smiled shakily. "Yeah. I want to see it. I want to see you."

Darryl smiled to himself as Jared rested his floppy-haired head on his chest. His arms were perfectly strait and he was still pressing down on his crotch. One-handedly, Darryl unbuttoned his pants and pulled down the zipper. He reached into his white briefs and pulled it out. Jared gasped.

Jared had only ever seen his friend Matt's cock. Occasionally he would catch glimpses of cocks in the locker room or at the urinals, but this was only the second erect penis he had seen in his life, and this penis wasn't a slender boy's cock, it was a man's cock.

Darryl held himself loosely in one hand, letting the heavy slab of meat rest in his palm as the boy gasped and kneaded his crotch. Darryl's cock was just under eight inches long, dark tan until it reached a circumcision scar and the tip was a paler pinkish color. The head was an angry swollen red. His cock was very thick, almost as thick as Jared's wrist and the tip was the size of a small lemon, and shaped like a bell. One big throbbing vein ran down one side, winding into the thick untrimmed thatch of graying pubic hair.

Darryl needed the glasses to read, but he needed no help to see that Jared was kneading his crotch. His sharp eyes saw the fabric mould briefly around a streamlined shape and his mouth watered.

"Can you show me yours?" He asked quietly, barely above a whisper. "It's only fair."

"Yeah." Jared breathed, his whisper dreamy and slow.

Darryl watched hungrily, stroking his hard cock a few times as the sweet naïve young man opened his jeans and took out a lovely young prick and held it in his shaking hands.

Jared's voice was raw with shame and hurt. "Its so small."

Darryl tightened his arms around Jared's shoulders and growled into his ear. "Don't be ashamed Jared, that is a beautiful cock. Don't compare it to mine; you haven't seen a lot so you don't know, but I'm a bit bigger then most guys, and you should know that size doesn't matter. That is a beautiful cock."

Jared leaned into the wonderful older man, blushing furiously and throbbing with waves of arousal. His cock was almost five inches long, and fairly skinny. The bright red mushroom-head was a little bulbous compared to the shaft, and a flap of foreskin covered up the very edge.

"Wh-what is that?" Jared asked shyly. He was pointing to the circumcision scar where the skin changed colors on Darryl's thick cock.

Darryl reached up so he could ruffle the boy's hair with the hand that had been around his shoulders. What had started out as fondness and lust was turning into real affection, and the boy was so damn naïve that it was cute.

"I'm circumcised Jared, it's an operation that a lot of families do to their boy babies, they remove that bit of skin, the foreskin, to reduce infection. You still have yours, lucky little punk. I love it when a man has a foreskin."

That made Jared smile shyly, and Darryl loved that sweet smile. It lit up his entire face and turned his face from something thin and rabbity and cute to absolutely beautiful.

Darryl spat in his hand and gave his cock a few long strokes while the young man watched him, and the young man copied what he was doing. Darryl liked to slowly move his clamped hand in circular motions as he stroked, lubricated by spit. Jared barely had to move his hand over the skin at all because the loose foreskin slid with his hand.

The two men, one near the end of his prime and one on the cusp of it, stroked themselves while eyeing the other. Darryl felt as if the boy's edgy excitement was feeding him, making his arousal even stronger. He could see glimmers of clear precome on Jared's fingers as his cheeks flushed deeper and his hand began to move over his cock with a more frantic tempo.

He leaned in and whispered into Jared's ear. "Can I kiss you Jared?"

Jared looked back, so startled that his hand froze despite his arousal. The startled look melted into another of his gorgeous shy smiles. Instead of speaking, Jared looked down for a moment and then lifted his head and pressed his lips to the older man's mouth before he could lose his nerve.

Jared had never kissed a girl, but he always assumed that the boy was in charge when it came to kissing. So when Darryl took his hand off his cock so he could wrap Jared in both of his arms and deepen the kiss, it inflamed Jared to no end. It was amazing to sit back and let this older man show him what to do.

Jared was so startled when he felt Darryl's tongue against his lips that he almost broke the kiss. Then he realized that this is what 'tonguing' meant, felt a little stupid, and relaxed, trusting Darryl entirely with his new sexual education.

Jared parted his lips for Darryl's insistent tongue and closed his eyes. He timidly touched his own tongue to the intruder, and they circled and touched, like curious animals meeting for the first time. Jared reached his tongue into Darryl's mouth and the older man groaned softly and sucked on it. Jared suddenly remembered Darryl's story about the hole and the man who would suck on...that part...and he nearly came, whimpering into Darryl's mouth.

It seemed like their mouths would never part, and Jared suddenly became aware of Darryl's hands. Heavy, scarred, and unbelievably gentle; Darryl's hands were exploring his torso with a sort of reverence through his thin white T-shirt (he had stripped his sweater earlier, it was hot because of the furnace).

Darryl felt the young man's body, moaning with delight at how taut and slender it was. It had been almost a year since he had been with another man, it had been decades since he had been with one this young, or even a fraction as beautiful. His left arm was merely holding Jared in the embrace, but his right hand was like the hand of a blind man, groping to see, to feel the skin and muscles all the way to the bones underneath. Not grabbing blindly for the nipples or rubbing the back, but touching every part of his torso.

Jared's body was thin and wiry, but soft in all of the right places, a taut stomach that was vulnerable as a woman's, and when his hand went low on Jared's back he could feel the beginning of a tender cleft in the sliver of skin where the shirt ended and the bluejeans began.

He stroked Jared's chest, growling soft and low in his throat when he felt tender rock-hard little nubs jut willingly into his questing fingers, even through the fabric. Pinching and fondling those nubs drew a series of needful high-pitched cries from Jared, and made those slender hips hump the air wildly. Both of the boy's hands were around his neck and he was clinging desperately.

Darryl broke the kiss and saw those dark brown eyes open, looking confused and needful. Drops of sweat stood out on the boy's forehead, and not just from the heat. Jared had been in a state of arousal a few strokes away from coming for nearly ten minutes, and had been holding back with every scrap of restraint he had.
