 A few days went past without any calls or visits from Mike. It seemed he had taken my request to heart about needing some space to think things through.

When Mandy had returned home later that Sunday evening, she had popped around to bring me a souvenir she had bought me whilst visiting her parents. She had asked how my weekend went, and not having any other real friends to confide in, I had told her about the intense weekend I spent with Mike. I left out all the steamy bits, but I'm pretty sure her imagination filled in the blanks. 

Completely unexpected, Mandy had agreed with my decision to slow things down, and for us to get to know one another better before 'doing the horizontal hokey pokey' -- her words, not mine!

My weekdays were filled with work, which kept my mind busy and well occupied from straying to thoughts of Mike. My nights - well that was a different story completely. Without the slightest of prompting from my very fertile mind, I would recall - with infinite detail, every nuance of Mike's body and the way his lips had danced across my skin. These recollections of our time together did nothing to curtail my lustful cravings for Mike. 

On Wednesday morning, sitting at my desk, I received a call from reception telling me there was a delivery-man waiting for me. Puzzled at this, I climbed into the elevator and pressed the button for the lobby. I searched my mind, trying to recall if there were any urgent documents I was waiting on, but as nothing immediately came to mind, I became anxious to see what was in the package.

When I stepped into the lobby, I saw a huge vase of sunflowers sitting on the receptionist desk. 

As I approached, the receptionist turned to me with a speculative eye and said, "Hi Carson. This guy won't let me sign for it. Apparently Mr. Delivery Man here has instructions to have you sign for it personally."

"Can you sign here please, I'm in a bit of a hurry," the delivery man asked me. 

He was of medium height, with a slight paunch around his stomach -- which his courier uniform did nothing to hide. He had on a peak cap with the company logo emblazoned in the front pulled down low on his forehead which all but shielded his entire face, except for the shaggy unkempt beard covering the lower half of it.

I took the pen and jotted my signature down where he indicated. With that, he muttered under his breath, turned on his heel and basically sped out of the building. I looked at the receptionist in mild surprise at his speedy exit, but she just shrugged her shoulders and gave me a look which said, "he's a weirdo".

"Ooh, I wish someone would send me flowers. This must have cost a fortune." Julie the receptionist crowed. "You must have a secret admirer," she hinted slyly. 

I knew she desperately wanted to ask who they were from, but had just enough self-restraint not to.

I reached between the flowers and extracted a florist card. Before opening it, I made sure that Julie wouldn't be able to read its contents.

"I can't stop thinking about you. M" A huge smile stole across my face as I read the card. 

Oh God, just when I thought I was safe from thoughts of Mike at work, he managed to insinuate himself into that facet of my life as well. It seemed Mike was deadly serious when he said he was going to court me.

Thursday, a bakers box arrived with a dozen pastries inside -- all shaped in alphabet letters with spelt out my name. Oh God, how did Mike come up with these ideas?

I chuckled softly to myself, as I headed back to my desk to tuck my treat away to take home later...

****

That evening, Mandy called and asked if I wanted to go down to Mike's Grill with her for supper. She was meeting a few friends there for supper and drinks. My immediate knee-jerk reaction was to refuse, but I knew I needed to thank Mike for the gifts. I agreed and she told me to be ready in half an hour.

The restaurant was crowded when we arrived, but we managed to get a table for four close to the bar. I looked around, but couldn't spot Mike anywhere - maybe he was up in his office.

Once we had placed our orders and our drinks arrived, we all sat around laughing and chatting, while waiting on our food. I kept glancing at the stairs leading up to the office; hoping Mike would make an appearance. 

Mandy, noticing my distraction leaned over to and said in my ear, "Why don't you go upstairs and look for him. I'm sure he wouldn't mind. Just ask Lance behind the bar if it's cool if you go on up."

"I'm not sure. I don't want to put Mike in a weird situation with his staff, when I explain to the bartender my reason for wanting to go upstairs," I replied.

"Carson! Stop thinking about what other people think," Mandy rolled her eyes at me. Then she got up and went over to the bar before I could stop her. I saw her talking to Lance, gesturing upstairs with her hands, before she returned with a smile on her face.

"Lance says to go on up. Mike is just doing some paperwork. He apparently left instructions that if you came in, to let him know before you left," Mandy explained with smug satisfaction.

I blushed, but excused myself and headed towards the stairs, careful to avoid eye contact with anyone. 

At the top of the stairs, the landing veered off to the right, where three doors led off a single corridor. The first two doors stood open, and were unoccupied, but as I neared the last one, I could hear Mike talking on the phone to someone.

I slowed my pace, and as I reached the doorway, I hesitated before knocking softly. I saw Mike glance up at the interruption with the phone still by his ear. On seeing me, I saw his body tensed slightly as his eyes locked onto mine.

"I have to go. I'll call you tomorrow, " Mike said into the mouthpiece, before he slowly replaced the receiver, all without taking his eyes off me. 

"I'm sorry if I'm disturbing," I said as Mike continued staring at me.

"No, I'm glad you're here. Did you get the package I sent you," Mike finally replied.

It took me a moment to figure out what package he was talking about, before I realized he meant the flowers and the pastries.

"Yes, I did. I wanted to thank you for them. I've never received flowers before," I said.

"Was it too cheesy?" Mike cringed.

I laughed at his discomfort. "A little bit, but mostly it was sweet." I wanted him to know that his efforts were appreciated.

Mike stood up from behind his desk and came towards me. He took my hand and walking backwards, he tugged me further into the office, until his ass rested on the front of his desk, and I was standing directly in front of him. He stretched his legs outwards and pulled my to stand between them, so that his hands could rest on my hips.

"I've been thinking about you Carson. Actually that's an understatement - I haven't been able to stop thinking about you since last Friday."

"I know what you mean Mike. You've been on my mind non-stop as well," I admitted.

"Go out with me tomorrow night -- no expectations. I just want us to spend some time together. I know you said you wanted space, but I honestly don't think I can handle anymore of this space," Mike practically growled.

Nodding in agreement, I confessed, "I want to be with you to. I still need to get to know you a bit more, but I want us to be together."

Mike smiled and reached up to lay his lips across mine. He gently sipped at my lips, while I sighed in contentment at how good it felt. Our tongues flirted and stroked, before his dominated. He claimed and explored my mouth, as I moved my hands to the back of his neck, threading my fingers up through Mike's hair as I submitted to his kiss.

My skin tingled, as Mike kissed his way down my throat. I angled my head to one side as he feathered my ear with his breath before using his teeth to gently tug my earlobe into his mouth. As Mike sucked on my lobe, I felt an answering tug in my pants. I could feel the blatant thrust of Mike's arousal pressing into my pelvis and I slowly rotated against him so that our cocks were rubbing inside our jeans.

Mike groaned deep in his chest, before slowly disengaging himself from me. We stood close together, panting while our bodies tried to calm down from the rampant arousal coursing through us. Sighing softly, Mike leaned in and gently kissed the side of my mouth before pulling away completely. We stared at each other, before I closed my eyes and stepped back.

Mike moved behind his desk once again, as though he needed to put as much distance between us as possible. I saw him discreetly trying to adjust his pants into a more comfortable position. 

Crap, this was harder than I thought it would be -- no pun intended. All I wanted to do was to grab Mike and do wicked things with his body before we both screamed our satisfaction.

I cleared my throat, "I guess I should get going. My food has probably arrived already," I murmured inanely.

"Uh, yeah. I'll pick you up tomorrow at 7 if that's ok with you," Mike ventured not quite steadily himself.

I nodded in confirmation, before giving him one last smile. I headed out the door and back down the stairs.

Mandy and her friends were busy eating and chatting, and as I took my seat, she looked at me inquiringly. I shook my head, letting her know that I didn't want to talk about it in front of her friends, and she seemed to understand, because she turned away and resumed her chatter. 

I tried focusing on my meal and the conversation happening around me, but my mind was replaying our little session in Mike's office. I smiled to myself as I remembered how affected Mike had also been. It made me feel better knowing that I had as much power over Mike as he seemed to have over me. It somehow evened out the playing field a bit.

The following night seemed to set a pattern for Mike and me for the coming weeks. We went out almost every night. Some nights he would take me out to a movie or dinner, or sometimes we would go to his house and just hang, watching a movie or playing in the Jacuzzi. The more time we spent together, the more relaxed I became around with Mike. 

Our evenings were not always strictly platonic. There was some pretty heavy petting and foreplay that we engaged in, but Mike always ended things before we got too carried away. I realized that Mike was respecting the boundaries I had set, but I could feel the underlying frustration he held in check. 

The perverse thing was that I felt it too, and more often than not wished he wouldn't stop at just foreplay, but I always chickened out at voicing my desires. I knew Mike knew how I was feeling, but I also knew he wanted me to actually say it out loud and give him the go ahead.

It was three weeks to the day since we had first spoken to each other that fateful Friday night in his bar. Mike was away on business for that week checking out premises for a possible new sports bar. He was due back tomorrow morning. 

During our telephone conversation that night, I decided to take the bull by the horns and give Mike the go-ahead we have both been eagerly anticipating.

"How was your day babe? You managed to finish that work you were stressing about?" Mike asked.

"Yeah, it was a pain in my ass, but I managed to get it all done before I left for the day"

"I can't wait to get back tomorrow -- I've missed you," Mike voice floated across the phone lines, and I closed my eyes savoring his words.

"I've missed you too, Mike. I wish you were here now." 

"Did you think of me this week baby? Did you lie in bed and imagine me next to you, kissing you -- touching you?" Mike crooned softly in my ears.

"Yes Mike, God yes! I want you Mike," I whispered fervently.

"Carson -- are you saying what I think you're saying, babe?" I could hear the anxiousness in Mike's voice.

"Er, yes. I think I am. No, no, I know I am. I'm ready Mike -- I've been ready for a while, but I been too shy to tell you," I replied in a steady voice. 

I wanted Mike to know that there was no hesitation or second guessing on my part. I wanted him and I wanted him to know how much.

"Fuck! I wish I was there now, I'd show you how much I want you too. Tomorrow Carson - tomorrow I'm going to make sure you know how much I want you," Mike declared.

****

The next day I awoke early, feeling slightly giddy as excitement buzzed through my system. I knew Mike wouldn't be back for a couple of hours yet, and I desperately needed to take my mind off our 'reunion'.

I showered and dressed, had a quick cup of coffee, then decided to hit the shops for some groceries.

Half an hour later, I was strolling down the fresh produce aisle of the supermarket, picking up some veggies and fruit. Buy the time I reached the pasta aisle, I got the niggling feeling that someone was watching me. I'm not usually paranoid - because I know that I've been somewhat blessed in the looks department, and have attracted enough attention in the past, but the hair on the back of my neck and arms were standing on edge.

I glanced about me, but couldn't place anyone overly suspicious staring in my direction. There was a couple strolling down the aisle in the opposite direction, a middle-aged man reading the back label of a box of instant spicy rice, and a pretty rotund lady pushing a baby in a stroller behind me.

Shrugging off my paranoia and putting it down to too much caffeine and anticipation for the coming night, I quickly finished my shopping and headed for the checkout.

Once home, I packed my groceries away, then decided to head over to Mandy's to see what she was up to. I knocked a couple of times on her door, but when I received no answer, I assumed she had gone out. Not wanting to hang around my apartment whole day, I decided to head down to the community park a few blocks from my complex, and just relax and watch the world go by.

I spent a few hours at the park, watching parents run around playing Frisbee and ball with their kids. My heart gave a little squeeze of regret at the fact that these kids were experiencing a childhood that I had missed out on. The obvious love and devotion between parent and child made me wonder if I would ever experience that with my own children. In my mind I could see a little boy and girl running around in the backyard, while Mike and I watched over them with loving adoration.

I was jerked out of my silly musings by a Frisbee landing at my feet, followed almost immediately by a little Jack Russell hot on its trail. I bent to scoop up the Frisbee, right at the same time the little terror reached my feet. He playfully nipped at my hands as I retrieved the disc and placed it in its mouth.

I heard feet thudding on the ground, coming towards us, and when I lifted my head, I saw a man running towards us.

"Sorry about that. Tiger has a nasty habit of nipping at people who touches his favorite toy," the man panted.

"No problem, he wasn't doing anything that warranted a trip to the pound," I mused back, trying to make light of the incident. 

There was something oddly familiar about this man, but I couldn't put my finger on it.

"Thanks for being understanding. My name is Ron, and you've met Tiger here. I haven't seen you here before -- do you live around here," Ron asked.

For sum reason, Ron made me slightly nervous, but I shrugged it off. "I'm Carson. I don't get time to come to the park often," I said, while hoping he didn't notice my deflection of where I stay.

"Well if you not doing anything, you welcome to join Tiger and me for sum lunch. Nothing fancy, just some sandwiches," Ron offered.

He seemed friendly enough, but somehow gave me bad vibes. The childish saying 'Stranger, Danger' passed through my head, almost making me laugh out loud at the absurdity of the thought.

"Um, thanks for the offer Ron, but I was actually just leaving. I'm meeting some friends for drinks. But thanks for the invite," I quickly offered. I didn't want to seem rude, but I really just wanted to get away.

"Oh, ok then. Maybe next time," Ron said.

"Uhm, yeah. Maybe. Bye Tiger," I said, as I quickly got to my feet and left.

As I left the park, I could feel Ron's eyes on my back. I resisted the urge to turn around to see if he was watching me, and quickly hurried back to my complex. By the time I got home, it was almost 4. 

Shaking off the creepy feeling, I went into the kitchen and made myself a snack before going to sit in front of the TV.

I watched a World War I documentary on TV as I ate, and by the time I finished my snack, I felt better about the whole 'park' incident. I laughed at myself and put it down to stress and anxiety of missing Mike.

I decided on a shower and just I stepped out, my cell rang. I ran to my night stand, and when I looked at the screen, the caller ID showed that Mike was calling.

Grinning like a fool, I answered, "Hey Mike."

"Hey hot stuff. You ready for our date," Mike asked.

"Yes. What time you picking me up? I need to know where we are going, so I can dress appropriately," I told Mike.

"Babe, for what I have planned, you won't need any clothes," Mike husked low in my ear.

My body broke out into goose bumps as I imagined what Mike had in mind for me.

"Just dress casual, babe," Mike chuckled after correctly interpreting my strained silence on the phone. I knew that he knew what I was thinking about, and that made my cock so hard, I nearly moaned out loud.

"I'll be there about 6 to pick you up," Mike finished.

"Ok, I'll be ready" I replied once I found my voice again.

Mike laughed again, and rang off. I flopped down on the bed and stared at the ceiling wondering about the coming night and how ready I actually was for it.

*

Right on 6pm, Mike knocked on my door. He was wearing jeans and a t-shirt and his boots. I was dressed similarly except I wore trainers on my feet instead of boots.

Mike was like a sight for sore eyes. It had been five days since we had last seen each other, but it felt like a lifetime.

I immediately walked into his arms, and he kissed me as though he was starving for the taste of me. His hands were everywhere, touching every part of my body he could reach, and I was doing the same. His tongue speared deep into my mouth, sucking and nipping on my lips until I was gasping for breath.

I pressed in close to his body and as his tongue slid into my mouth again, I used my teeth to hold it in place while I sucked on it. Our petting was hot and sexy, and we were quickly getting carried away. I wanted closer contact, but I knew that I didn't want a quick fuck. I wanted the first time to be more than that.

"Mike, we have to stop," I moaned as I moved to dislodge my body from his.

Mike muttered an oath, but he complied. "You ready to go," Mike asked as he finally got himself under control. I nodded, and we left the apartment and headed for his truck. Neither of us spoke, as it seemed the atmosphere was too volatile with repressed desire that could re-ignite at any moment.

We drove in silence, and only about 5 minutes into the drive did I realize we were headed for Mike's neighborhood. When we pulled into his drive, I looked over at him quizzically.

"I thought we could have dinner here tonight," Mike said a bit sheepishly.

I smiled at him and we walked towards his front door. Mike unlocked the door, but before I could follow him inside, he turned to me and said, "Wait just a sec," before he disappeared inside.

Puzzled by his weird behavior, I fidgeted, wondering what he was up to. When Mike finally returned 2 minutes later, he had one hand held awkwardly behind his back. Frowning at Mike, he gave me a shy smile before presenting me with the single red rose he held behind his back. 

At seeing this and Mike's awkwardness, I laughed -- I'm sorry but I couldn't help it. The sheer discomfort on Mikes face was just too much for me to handle.
