 Pelaam© June 2008.

Ch 08: Nemesis

The luxury car was opened by an immaculately uniformed doorman for the smartly dressed executive. He slid comfortably inside, his emerald-green eyes running appreciatively over the car's interior. The seats were leather and roomy and, if needed, could be slipped into a fully reclined position. There was a laptop computer for work and a store of DVDs for entertainment. A small fridge held cold drinks and snack food and there was a matching cabinet holding glasses and drinks that did not require chilling. 

He ran a hand through thick, silver hair as he smiled at himself in a reflective surface. The negotiations had gone well. He now faced a couple of hours drive to reach a tiny airport and from there to a space-port. The world only boasted a few small space-ports, but as its status increased, so would its number of ports. 

Immersed in his reports, and taking advantage of the drink provided, it was an hour later that he realised that his car was taking a tortuous route to the airport. They had left the main road and were currently travelling at speed towards the desert in a circuitous direction to his destination. He rapped on the glass behind his chauffeur. 

"I have no desire to take the scenic route," he barked angrily. His voice had a dry, rasping quality yet possessed power and impatience. It was the voice of a man clearly used to the obedience of those around him.

"Sit back and enjoy the ride, Jabez. You're taking a little detour."

Before a darkened screen blocked off Jabez's view of his driver, he caught a glance of him in the vehicle's mirrors.

"Tristam!" he exclaimed. He tried to use the vehicle's communications and then his own only to find nothing working. His eyes narrowed, becoming as hard and cold as the gem whose colour they bore. Then he shrugged, poured a generous measure of amber liqueur and sat back, lifting his glass in an ironic toast to the now invisible back of his driver.

****

Jabez glanced around, his face carved into an expression of boredom. The car was out in the desert. All that could be seen was red rock and orange sand and overhead the sky was a cloudless turquoise as the two saffron suns each reached their zenith. 

"Out of the car, Jabez," Tristam's voice commanded.

"And if I don't?" Jabez retorted, not even bothering to turn to face the man now standing at the door.

"Then you stay there."

Jabez watched as Tristam walked over to sit in the shade of an outcrop of rock. He noted the cool-box from which the blond took a bottle of water. He had been quite certain the other man would not be alone. He idly wondered who else would be watching from the cover of the desert rocks. He also wondered just how long Tristam was prepared to wait. He poured himself another drink. Five minutes passed, then ten...fifteen. Jabez frowned. 

Tristam was paying neither him nor the car any obvious attention. He purposely waited another fifteen minutes, but Tristam simply looked as though he was drowsing in the desert heat. Scowling, Jabez re-filled his glass and began a slow, deliberate saunter to the seated man. 

As he closed the distance, he begrudgingly admired Tristam's obvious, latent power. The blond sat loose-limbed, a dusting of golden fur visible where he had unzipped his chauffeur's uniform. Tristam oozed male, sexual charisma. Jabez gave a wry smile as found his eyes riveted to the other man's movements as Tristam sat up slowly and raised a fresh water bottle to his lips. 

Jabez watched the bobbing motion of Tristam's Adam's apple and coveted the droplet that escaped to slide down the skin of the blond's throat. He bedded both sexes with equal fervour and appetite. Although he preferred beautiful, malleable and accommodating bed-mates he would be more than happy, at that moment, to have the powerful blond on his knees as he slaked his carnal appetite. The surge at his crotch told him his cock was in full accord with that idea. At that moment, sapphire met emerald and Jabez smirked at the disgust in Tristam's cerulean depths.

He stopped as Tristam stood up. The two men were almost equal in height and breadth and each regarded the other as though something dangerous and volatile.

"So, Tristam," Jabez let his voice become a low purr. "What brings you to this little nowhere rock? Were you missing me? I've never been kidnapped before. It's a nice isolated area. Are you going to have you wicked way with me? Is it my face you picture when you orgasm inside pretty Rayner?"

Tristam's stomach rolled in disgust at Jabez's words. Almost immediately he relaxed as a gentle caress flitted through his mind. His beautiful husband might not know the reason for his mate's distress, but the loving touch instantly defused Tristam's anger. Instead a slow, scornful smile spread across his face.

"Such a vivid imagination, Jabez," he drawled laconically. "Perhaps it's more the case of you dreaming of being taken by me. Sorry, but I don't cheat on my husband. I've no need and you pale into nothing alongside Rayner." He gave a mental smile at the darkening of Jabez's face. The blond knew from personal experience that conceit and arrogance were two of Jabez's weak spots. 

"Wasn't it enough that you all but destroyed my employer's long-established business, Tristam? Are you looking to destroy me, too? Perhaps I should consider a charge of harassment."

"Hiram Enterprises was investigated by multiple teams of Elite across several worlds," Tristam said slowly, as though addressing a child. "My team investigated your domain and found exactly the same as the others. Hiram Enterprises was employing unethical, inhumane and illegal methods. It was only Hiram's reputation, almost limitless access to funds and an extremely well-skilled legal team that stopped him...and the likes of you...from being incarcerated as was deserved."

"We lost every contract to supply and develop weaponry for the advanced worlds. It cost us billions in credit. We can only supply hick planets like this with basic stuff sold cheaply until we can rebuild our reputation," Jabez hissed.

"You deserved worse. Quite frankly I would happily see you and Hiram behind bars for a good many years," Tristam growled. "That you're free to trade at all is a miscarriage of justice. But that's not why we're here."

"No?" Jabez sneered. "Then what?"

"Hiram hasn't been seen in public for many years, but you are his eyes and ears. So I want you to deliver a personal message to him. Tell him I know, my family knows. Bloodfeud has been called by Willis, sire of Uist. Wherever Hiram hides, we will find him and be avenged."

"Is that all?" Hiram asked mockingly.

"I think that's more than enough," Tristam said, his voice cold and menacing. He had seen the shift in the hard, green eyes and had scented Jabez's surge of anxiety. The man was clearly well-aware of what Tristam alluded to. "But if not, tell him this. Bloodfeud extends beyond PrideHome. Phixia has joined its call as has one of the Aantnaa worlds. Sholto has some good insectile friends." 

Tristam felt grim satisfaction wash over him as Jabez's anxiety increased. The insect-evolved races were renowned for their well-structured society and lawlessness was unknown amongst those dwelling on their homeworlds. Sholto's friends had reacted with fury and a desire for vengeance on hearing of his abduction and treatment as well as what had happened to the others of his family.

"What are you expecting from him?" Jabez asked.

"The opportunity to give himself up. To stand trial rather than be dug out from whichever hole he's taken refuge in, confessing his guilt in regards what has happened to me and those I love. Have no doubts, Jabez," Tristam said, his voice dropping to a deadly whisper. "He will be found and those who have had a part in this will also be dealt with." 

He scented Jabez's spike of fear knowing he had struck home. 

"Just the belief you know something is enough for me to kill you. But, this time, you go free. Make sure he understands, Jabez and make sure you understand that if I find you were involved there will be no place of safety for you."

Jabez stared at Tristam's retreating back, a mix of anger and fear coursing through his veins.

"Another car will come for you in an hour," came the parting words, the blond not even bothering to turn back.

****

In their quarters aboard 'Silver' Rayner sat astride his husband's thighs. He gently undulated his body, letting their swollen shafts rub erotically. Tristam's hands slid along his thighs, over his pregnant swell and up to tease at the peaked nubs at his breast. A moan slid from his parted lips and he gazed down at his mate, smiling at the love he saw there and knowing it reflected the look in his own cinnamon orbs. His smile widened as their minds added subtle caresses to incrementally increase their arousal. 

"Better?" he asked, knowing how his lover had felt whilst facing Jabez.

"Much," the blond sighed contentedly. He had debriefed those of his family unable to accompany him, taken a hot shower with his beloved mate and finally felt clean and calm. For several long minutes the couple had simply enjoyed skin-to-skin contact but he could feel the need for more growing. He watched Rayner as the younger man begin to rub with a little more urgency. "Let me make love with you, angel?" he asked, suddenly desperate to join with his mate.

With tender care, he laid Rayner on his side, spooning tightly behind him. Coating a single finger with oil, he rubbed over the hidden entrance to his lover's body, pressing kisses to the bare shoulder in front of him. He nuzzled into Rayner as he slid the digit into molten heat, both men moaning at the intimate act. He reached under and around his lover's waist to stroke slowly at slick, erect flesh, relishing the way his mate eagerly responded. The lithe body pushing back and rocking forward as soft cries of pleasure escaped Rayner's lips.

"Love you so much," Tristam whispered.

"Love you, want you," Rayner murmured, trying to increase the tempo of their lovemaking.

"Gently, love," Tristam soothed. "Let me do all the work." He slid a second oil-drenched finger to begin a caress of Rayner's jewel. Reluctantly he removed his fingers. It was too uncomfortable for his husband to take more than just Tristam's fingers. Although he missed the ultimate physical intimacy, Tristam would do nothing that caused Rayner the least discomfort during his pregnancy.

Spooning closer Tristam pushed his aching shaft between Rayner's smooth thighs. He started with a slow rhythm, his rod continually weeping its desire and sliding easily back and forth. Incrementally he increased the pace, listening assiduously to the panting breaths and mewls of delight. His hand began a twist and flick at the top-stroke of his movement at the head of his mate's engorged penis, causing Rayner to groan and buck as much as his position would allow.

"Come for me, angel," Tristam husked. "Take me with you."

At the words spoken with such raw need, the heat that had been centred low in Rayner's belly began to expand outwards with searing intensity. Rayner's breath came in shallow pants as he felt every cell and synapse melting from the heat of his imminent climax. It was impossible for him to tell if the pleasure he felt was just his or entwined with his lover's as they mentally shared their race to release. He cried out his lover's name as his orgasm detonated and his seed fountained over Tristam's hand. 

"Love you, I love you," Tristam groaned. The waves of pleasure in his mind combined with the feel of his lover's passion pushed him beyond his limits of endurance. He came hard, shuddering with the powerful release and anointing his lover's honeyed skin with his come. 

He licked at his hand, relishing the flavour of his mate's precious cream. He carefully rolled Rayner onto his back, licking the smooth thighs clean, before nuzzling at Rayner's depleted sac and lapping the softening, spent flesh. He bent over the supine form to mate their mouths, their tongues languidly dancing in the satiated afterglow. 

"I love you," Rayner smiled, seemingly glowing with joy. He nestled comfortably against his bigger mate and gave a sated sigh. He snuggled impossibly closer as Tristam's arm wrapped protectively around him and the two men traded soft kisses and declarations of love.

****

On the main deck of 'Silver', Uist sat in the command chair, Sholto curled drowsily in his lap. Although the ship's AI was on full alert, they no longer felt safe enough without someone on deck. Uist wanted to let his precious mate sleep more comfortably, but knew Tristam and Rayner needed time to reconnect and it was too close to Theophilus' birthing for the blond to be an active part of the team. 

It was difficult for the PrideHomer to allow any of the pregnant males to be too far from his protection and he was relieved that they took his protectiveness with good grace. He smoothed some of his lover's curls from the beloved face, smiling as Sholto murmured wordlessly and snuggled closer.

Uist knew Theophilus and Xavier would be in the ship's pool where the Dregan could move most easily, the water supporting his heavily pregnant body. The blond was now at his most vulnerable. He could not be left alone as he was nesting for his imminent birth. Once the instinct kicked in, he became oblivious of anything other than making somewhere safe and comfortable to have his child. 

Uist's smile grew as he remembered some of the places the blond had selected. One nest was at the foot of the bed he shared with Sholto, another was in Tristam and Rayner's room. Whilst they were acceptable, another behind a section of piping in engineering was not. The cat-man shook his head, still finding it hard to believe the blond had negotiated his body in and around the metal tubing. Unsuitable nests were quickly removed and Xavier informed. Uist knew his lizard brother would make certain that Theophilus was left with only those nests the reptilian considered appropriate...and safe.

The knowledge that Theophilus, Rayner and Sholto were not free to have their children openly and in safety had the big male growling angrily. He wanted to crush their nemesis' larynx, tear out his spine, rip his intestines from the still living body and he had no cares as to how primitive or bloodthirsty those thoughts were. His mate and child had been threatened as had those he loved and protected. Any PrideHomer, aware of the invoked Bloodfeud, who came across Hiram would run him down and rend him apart. 

He pushed the thoughts from his mind as Sholto shifted restlessly as if aware of the direction of Uist's thoughts. He nuzzled lovingly, purring to settle his mate. He lifted the hand Sholto had possessively on his breast and kissed the palm before replacing it. He smiled as Sholto settled. He let his own hand cover his lover's pregnant swell, grinning as his child seemed to know and moved beneath it. There were few placed he felt truly safe but at that moment, his lover in his arms and his child shifting beneath his hand, he was at peace.

****

On a nest of thick towels and sumptuous pillows, Theophilus lay on his back as Xavier pleasured him. The reptilian's long tongue slithered over his swell, along his sensitive inner thighs, over his sac and from root to tip and back along his erection. The tip of his husband's tail teased along his shadowed declivity but did not try and penetrate. 

"Close, my husband, so close," he moaned softly, reaching to caress his lover's lilac frill.

A gentle pinch to a swollen pink bud as Xavier's tongue probed at his slit and Theophilus cried out his mate's name as he reached his zenith.

Xavier was not surprised that despite his climax, Theophilus did not ejaculate. His precious mate was too close to birthing. It would only be after his body had recovered that he would start producing his seed once again. The lizard was filled with a mix of anticipation and apprehension. Although they had a name, their adversary was still an unknown quantity. 

He moved to kiss his lover as Theophilus finally recovered from his climax. His tongue flicked in and out of Theophilus willing mouth, the blond stroking at Xavier's smooth skin. 

"Thank you," Theophilus whispered, already he was finding it difficult to keep awake. As much as he loved carrying Xavier's child, he hated the debilitation that pregnancy brought with it.

The lizard gazed tenderly at his beloved. Theophilus tried so hard to keep going even when his body protested. The Dregan had been particularly active in helping to nurse Alden following the beast-man's bouts of surgery. Xavier had deemed it less stressful to let his mate be a participant in Alden's care than for the blond to be worried. 

To everyone's delight Alden had come through his initial recovery from injury exceptionally well and through a couple of further bouts of surgery intended to work on replacing his destroyed eye and facilitate better speech. 

"Sleep, my heart," Xavier whispered. "I will be here to watch over you." 

He tenderly covered the already drowsing blond with a large, soft sheet and sat at his mate's side. He was worried, as were Uist and Tristam. He was also angry that the happiest time of their lives was being tainted. He felt Hiram knew too much about Tristam, even for a man of his wealth. He prayed that their defences were sufficient to protect their vulnerable ones from him. 

A noise had him instantly on his feet. He relaxed as he saw Rayner, wearing just a loose shift, with Tristam behind him.

"May I stay with you and Theophilus?" the brunette asked. "Tristam wants to relieve Uist and I'm too tired to sit up with him."

"Rayner?" Theophilus opened sleepy, golden orbs and then raised an arm in invitation. 

With a little assistance, Rayner was manoeuvred to lie alongside the blond, both younger males asleep in seconds.

"He will be fine here, my brother," Xavier assured.

****

Uist was grateful to Tristam for giving him time to be alone with his mate. Sholto was now lying on their bed, his legs spread wide, his erection hard and leaking. Uist knelt alongside the supine form, his tongue licking every precious inch of his mate's skin. Uist's lips mated with his lover's, no longer gentle and tender, but searing and passionate. Uist then moved his kisses down Sholto's jaw and to his neck, sucking and biting lightly. As he traversed his lover's skin, he heard Sholto cry out softly at a harder bite between his neck and collarbone, but Uist soothed away the hurt with a laving tongue and a swirling lick. 

"Mine," the cat-man growled, needing to mark his mate.

"Yours, Uist, yours, yours," Sholto moaned. 

Uist moved on to the furred chest, pressing moist kisses across Sholto's breast. He suddenly sucked a nipple into his mouth, his tongue playing over the peak.

"Oh, please," Sholto gasped, hips jerking up involuntarily. White-hot fire shot straight to his groin, his already rock-hard erection oozing tear after tear of need. In response the big male bathed his nipple in small kitten licks, his fingers pinching and tweaking the other one making Sholto twitch and moan. Sholto's hands ran through Uist's hair, feeling its texture and petting his lover as well as holding him to his chest. Uist knew how sensitive his nipples were. 

Sholto let his eyes fall shut as Uist switched to the other nub, suckling it as his fingers teased the one previously in his mouth. Sholto was certain he was on fire. Uist's licks and nips were slowly and incrementally stoking the inferno of love and desire that was consuming him. His shaft was begging for contact, silver trails glistened in the thick pelt of pubic hair and his lightly furred abdomen. Sholto let his hips rise and fall, whimpering softy, and rocked his head from side to side. 
