 The large male naked body padded as silently through the deserted corridors of the spaceship as would have been achieved in the savannahs or jungles of his homeworld. Nudity wasn't an issue. All the crew were male and the naked being knew where each one of them was at that time. That included the location of the one he now stalked. The male caught a glimpse of himself in a polished surface; a little over six feet tall, solid, muscular, powerful chest, thighs and upper arms only hinting of the real strength and power of the male. A mix of dark and slightly lighter hair reached to their shoulders. The two-tone hair also dusted their arms and legs, but his chest was hair free to display the muscles to best advantage. He flexed his large hands and checked his retractable claws and gave his image a feral smile to see strong, somewhat sharp, healthy teeth. His bright blue eyes appeared amber in the ship's muted light. When stalking prey, bright lights could hinder rather than help. The muted lighting was to his advantage.

Whether his intended victim was prepared to be a willing participant didn't register in the big male's mind. He needed to mate, to sheath his body in hot tight heat. He glanced down at the furred pouch at his groin. The engorged head of his sex was beginning to emerge. The pouch protected his genitals; keeping them hidden when naked as well as immobile should speed be necessary. However, at the moment anticipation was fuelling arousal. He growled an order to the ship's Artificial Intelligence. Stealth mode ensured doors opened silently and the male wanted to be as close as possible to his intended when he made his move. Many of his species enjoyed the extra stimulus of a prolonged chase before subduing their prey and under the right circumstances; it was pleasurable for him, too. However it was neither the place nor the time for such extra activities. Here, now a swift attack from a camouflaged approach would work best.

****

The young man was alone on the bridge of the spaceship. As far as he was aware only he and the ship's AI were on duty. There had been a message earlier and he expected the return of the ship's commander. If not for that ... there were more pleasurable pursuits than sitting watching space no matter how beautiful the sight. He sighed pushing away such thoughts. He had agreed to watch and wait - his decision. He pushed a slender hand through a riot of auburn hair that hung to his shoulders. Oceanic blue eyes held a hint of loneliness and a pink tongue flickered out across sensual lips before retreating. He turned his attention to the long range scanners. He could just have AI notify him when anything came in distance, but this gave him a focus.

Bending over the scanners, the young man was unaware of the doors opening and the large male entering the bridge. The bigger man stared with appreciation at the way the smaller man's skin-tight suit moulded itself to the taut buttocks. Without hesitation he strode forward and had enfolded his strong arm around the slighter man's waist lifting him easily, covering the mouth to muffle the cry of alarm.

"Want you," he growled into the nearest ear. "Want you now."

With a flourish, he spun the slighter form and as the dazed young man tried to bring his senses under control, pressed their lips together. He pushed his tongue inside the young man's mouth as he gasped and mapped the inside with proprietary arrogance. He used one hand to yank down the bodysuit's fastener to hip level and pull the material to mid-elbow, trapping the slighter man's arms.

"Uist, no," came the panting pleas as strong teeth latched onto a small brown nub peeking through a covering a luxurious chest hair. "No," the sound was little more than a moan as the neglected twin nub was pinched in concert with the teeth that worked on its mate. As teeth switched between nipples, nipping them to an aching pebbled hardness, the throbbing matched another in the young man's groin.

"You would not mate with me?" the bigger male asked, stroking the harness he knew he would find between splayed legs.

"I'm...on...duty" the smaller man gasped as his flesh was skilfully caressed.

"AI," Uist commanded." Advise us immediately when a craft comes within range and increase bridge ambient temperature to 90F"

"Confirmed," came the low female voice of the ship's AI.

"Now your duty is to me, your mate," Uist whispered in the young man's ear. With what sounded like a purr he rubbed his head against the smaller man's body as he quickly divested him of the offending bodysuit. Licking and nipping indiscriminatingly at any flesh within reach, the bigger man backed the smaller to the command chair before spinning so that he was seated with the smaller man in his lap. He then kissed the unresisting form deeply before arranging the young man to sit straddling his powerful thighs.

"You're insatiable," the smaller man huffed affectionately kissing the tip of the bigger man's nose.

"It has been a whole day," the reply was little short of a whine. "You had left our bed this morning when I awoke and I had duties offship the rest of the day."

"I'm sorry, lover," the smaller man said kissing the almost pouting lips. 

"I would have you mate with me," Uist said, his voice dropping low and husky, the need and desire evident.

"I love you, Uist and I need for us to mate, too".

"Love you, Sholto, love you always. Share yourself with me. Let me make us one."

"Yes," Sholto breathed

In Uist's homeworld, a warrior like Uist was always the Alpha whether in a same or mixed sex marriage. The Warrior caste, like that of the Priest and Royal castes was a prestigious caste to be married into and carried ceremonial responsibilities. Uist never subjugated his young human spouse. Sholto's intelligence and individuality had been a major part of the attraction. That he was as beautiful outside as inside was a bonus for the cat-man. Some on his world preferred their mate to be displayed as little more than a trophy if marrying into an exalted caste. Uist liked to show that in many ways, Sholto was his equal. On those ceremonial occasions where it was necessary, however, Sholto behaved impeccably complying unhesitatingly with all that was required of him. PrideHome had therefore welcomed the young human. Sholto had assured his mate that he considered himself privileged to have Uist as his husband and to occasionally have to demonstrably be Uist's Beta was a small price to pay for the happiness they shared. Outside of PrideHome, however, whilst the two men regarded each other as equals, there was no doubting that Uist was sexually dominant and Sholto was more than happy with the that situation. He loved his mate's dominance in bed.

"Show me you love me with your body, Uist," he begged softly. Words fled the smaller man as large hands began to pump the needy flesh jutting upwards from his groin whilst sliding between the spread crevice of his cheeks and ghosting across puckered flesh.

With a feral growl, Uist suckled a nipple between his teeth and worried the flesh until reddened and achingly hard, then lavished the same attention to its mate. Sholto writhed on his lap under the tender assault. Uist flipped open the left compartment of the command chair and located a tube without taking his eyes off his beautiful young mate. He opened it adeptly and squeezed cool gel over his fingers before sliding a thick, slickened finger between Sholto's spread cheeks. He rubbed sensitive flesh before allowing the finger to slide into hot tight heat. Sholto moaned softly at the erotic intrusion and kissed his mate, letting their tongues dance as Uist carefully prepared the small portal that granted him access to Sholto's body.

Uist helped the smaller man position his hard shaft against the glistening entrance to Sholto's body and holding the younger man's hips to help support his weight, Uist groaned as he was enveloped in Sholto's molten depths. The velvet channel gripped his sensitive flesh tightly and the smaller man panted as he slowly accepted Uist's solid rod. As he finally sat flush with the bigger man's groin, Uist held himself still awaiting his mate's acceptance of the long thick shaft. Finally Sholto began to undulate, letting the head of Uist's arousal rub the special spot deep within and he threw his head back and he ground and gyrated his hips to pleasure them both. Using his powerful arms, Uist raised and lowered Sholto onto the flesh that impaled him, relishing the look and cries of pleasure from the man he loved.

The scent of Sholto's passion and arousal inflamed Uist and his nostrils flared as he scented the air. His movements became faster, one hand reaching between their bodies to swirl the precome over his fingers before sucking them clean. He then began to pump the slender shaft of his mate in time with the upthrust of his own hips. Four direct strokes were enough to tip Sholto over the edge and he cried Uist's name aloud as his seed fountained over Uist's hand and their chests. The scent of Sholto's release was the undoing of the bigger man and he threw back his head roaring his completion as his seed pulsed into the still rippling channel.

As his sated organ softened and slipped from Sholto's heated depths, the bigger male took the opportunity to lay the smaller man across his lap and cuddle him close. With a low purr of pleasure he licked his hand clean of his mate's release then kissed Sholto's eyes, nose and cheeks before mating their mouths. As the kiss ended, Sholto sighed in contentment and then scowled. The scowl was completely ineffectual given his post-orgasmic flushed appearance. His face radiated joy rather than censure.

"I should be really angry with you," he said tapping Uist's nose with a forefinger. "I'm meant to be on duty, not letting my husband ravish me on the command deck."

Uist's happy sky blue eyes locked with his lover's deeper oceanic orbs and his smiled shyly.

"I missed you," he offered quietly. "AI was more than capable of scanning for Tristam and I missed you."

"I missed you, too, love," Sholto hastened to assure his husband cuddling closer to the imposing bulk of the bigger man. "But Rayner needed us last night and I knew once we were finally sleeping you would stay awake to ensure Rayner stayed asleep until deeply sleeping. I thought I would let you sleep in."

"I would rather lose sleep than time with you, mine. Your presence is the first thing I seek on waking and the last thing I gaze upon before sleep."

"Love you so much, my husband" Sholto murmured as he sought out one of his mate's large nipples, suckling contentedly on the thick nub. With his left hand he sought out its twin and gently pinched the fleshy nub in harmony with the suckling of its twin.

Uist demonstrated his appreciation with a low rumbling purr. His hand slipped between Sholto's thighs gently caressing and fondling his spouse's lax genitals. He was content to allow arousal to build more slowly this time and to savour it as it grew between them. He knew Sholto would still be sensitive from his previous climax and he didn't want the younger man to experience any discomfort during their intimate times. Minutes passed and Sholto was soon arching into Uist's hand desperate for a harder touch.


"Need you, my own," Uist said roughly, the sight and scent of his aroused mate tearing at the fragile control he had.

"Take me," Sholto begged softly.

Moving swiftly, Uist lifted Sholto to lay him back on the command chair, flipping a switch that allowed the chair to recline almost flat. He hitched Sholto's thighs over the curved, cushioned arms and gazed with barely contained hunger at the smaller man to wantonly displayed to him. He ensured Sholto's hips were at the edge of the chair and pulled the taut buttocks apart and sheathed himself in the already slick passage. He balanced his upper weight on his arms either side of Sholto's head and began to pump the smaller man's erection in time with the pistoning of his hips. He nipped, licked and kissed Sholto's neck and throat as the slighter man bared his throat for his mate's teeth. As Sholto writhed beneath him, Uist bit down at the juncture of neck and shoulder to raise a mark of his passion and possession. Sholto moaned his approval and Uist felt the tightening of the beloved body that heralded his mate's imminent release. Uist pounded harder hitting Sholto's sweet spot repeatedly, his lover crying out with pleasure, hands fisted in Uist's hair rhythmically clenching and unclenching with Uist's thrusts. With a scream of Uist's name, Sholto arched as best he could under his bigger mate and a stream of pearlescent fluid hit their chests. Uist's roar was seconds later as he was milked by his mate's contracting channel, filling the smaller body once again with his seed.

As Uist tried to regulate his breath, he was aware that Sholto had passed out. He let himself slip from the haven of Sholto's body and proceeded to lick his mate clean. With a low growl of dark pleasure he lapped delicately at the stretched portal to taste the earthy musk of his mate overlaid with his own seed. Standing, he gazed with an indulgent smile at the boneless body and scooped the insensate form to cradle Sholto to his chest and await the smaller man's awakening. He was aware of the small movements as his mate began to awaken. Unconsciously Sholto pressed into the comfort and warmth of Uist's body. As he became more aware he gazed up at his husband. Sky and ocean met, bridged by love.

"Love you, mine," Uist rumbled possessively, tenderly stroking sweat-damp hair away from the beautiful face.

"Love you, my husband," Sholto replied, burying himself deeper into Uist's embrace.

The two men sat entwined, unconcerned about their nudity. The temperature was comfortable and after two explosive climaxes, Sholto was more asleep than awake held safe and content wrapped in his mates arms and love.

"Incoming message from Tristam to Silver Star," the voice of AI encroached into Sholto's drifting mind and unthinkingly, the young man started to his feet as the display screen shifted from star-dusted space to show the imposing figure of a strikingly handsome man. 

Dark blond hair reached to broad shoulders and his eyes were a blue-grey of stormy skies. There was a small cleft in his chin that added to rather than distracted from his appearance. Although only visible to just below his shoulders, he emanated physical power and presence.

"Tristam," Sholto cried aloud with delight. "You made it back early"

"Indeed," the older man agreed with a slight smile. "Did I arrive too early?" His smile widened into a full grin at the blank look from the nude young man. Sholto only understood the inference as Uist came to stand at his side, a large hand draping across his genitals, another pulling him to the bigger body. Sholto felt the blush start at his toes and suffuse his whole body, leaving his face a glowing pink.

"Uist, my friend, your mate glows with health."

"Indeed," Uist agreed with his own smile. "And it is always my pleasure to have him thus."

Sholto groaned and buried his face against Uist's bulk as the older man laughed easily.

"AI can see me safely docked..." Tristam began, unwilling to keep his friends and fellow crewmen from being together.

"We will wait till you are aboard. It is no hardship for us," Uist assured.

Tristam nodded, knowing he could rely on the cat-like male to speak truthfully to him.

"Rayner?" Tristam asked, his face turning anxious.

"He had a bad night last night, but stayed with us. He needed occasional soothing but then slept well. He has coped." Uist replied.

"Thank you, my friend," Tristam said, the sentiment heartfelt.

"I am the Protector of your mate as you are to mine. Even so, I would gladly guard his sleep as he is beloved to my mate and myself."

Tristam nodded, no words necessary.

"Just don't make a habit of leaving him," Sholto's muffled voice came from the vicinity of Uist's chest. "He does miss you terribly when he can't feel you."

"I miss him too," Tristam confirmed quietly. "You have my promise."

As Tristam made his way to the quarters he shared with his younger spouse, he thought of how their lives had started so badly and yet had led to their meeting. Tristam knew Rayner was the other part of his soul. Each man complimented and completed the other, to the point they shared a psychic bond that left Rayner distressed and himself desolate when they were apart and unable to 'feel' each other. In Tristam's case, his earliest memories were of a medical facility. His early memories wiped. He might have been intended as a sex slave, or a child for a childless couple. Instead his genes had been spliced. Some of the genetic material was that from PrideHome. He had been made to see and hear better than humans, better even than Uist. He was faster and stronger and was of above average intelligence, his mental abilities a par with his physical ones.

He had been rescued by Jameson Peters who at the time was the head of a special crime response team that covered not just earth, but allied worlds of the Planetary Federation. Something had 'clicked' when they had met and Jameson had used every ounce of his power, persuasion and that of his friends to ensure the seven year old Tristam was adopted into his family and not regarded as a freak to be exploited. Tristam had taken to both Jameson and his wife Aurora and had studied hard to repay their kindness and generosity. He watched as young children were often taken in on short term stays by the loving couple, but he was 'their' child.

When Tristam was fifteen, he had the single biggest life-changing event in his life. He had overheard Jameson talking to the chauffeur he used who was worried about a small boy that distant relatives of his wife had taken on. The boy had been orphaned and seemed to be having some problems dealing with the death and no-one wanted to give him the love and affection he would need. He was being passed around several, what the chauffeur considered, unsuitable couples and he feared for the boy. Smiling to himself, Tristam prepared himself to have another small child around. He wasn't prepared for the reaction on seeing that same small boy.

The boy was five or six at Tristam's evaluation as he saw the small bundle in his Papa's arms. Dark curly hair peeped out over the blanket in which he was wrapped. One arm was visible and Tristam felt anger welling up at the thinness of the limb. The skin looked dull, but Tristam was sure it would normally be a honey-tint. He felt a pull towards the child and found his arms reaching to take him from Papa's arms. At the same time the child turned and turned pain-filled sorrowful deep brown eyes upon the older boy. Tristam felt as though an empty part of his soul had been filled and tears sprang to his eyes as the boy reached for him. As he took the precious bundle, Tristam vowed he would die before he allowed harm to befall the child again. Extending his hearing as he spirited the boy away, he distantly heard Papa call him Rayner.

He washed the thin body and dressed Rayner in one of his own T-shirts. Mama had brought some milk and sandwiches and Tristam had sat with Rayner in his arms as the small child had eaten and drunk. Once the food had gone, Rayner had reached to hug Tristam and fallen asleep in the older boy's arms. He had taken Rayner to his bed and slept curled around the thin body. At some point he was aware of his parents entering the room. Recognising them, Tristam simply cuddled closer to Rayner and allowed sleep to claim him again as he heard Mama's voice.

"I think Tristam's found his soul-mate. It looks like we have two sons now."

Years had flown by and Tristam had never tried to lead his 'younger brother' into a relationship with him. They still shared a room together when Tristam was at home. It had been hard sometimes when he'd detected a quickening heartbeat or a surge of hormones scented with arousal from the younger boy when they were alone. But he determined that if their relationship were to deepen, Rayner needed to have made the decision for himself. 
