 Silver 9 Retribution

Pelaam© August 2008

Willis gave a soft smile as the blond wandered almost aimlessly towards him. The golden eyes were slightly unfocused and a cushion was clutched tightly against Theophilus' stomach. Willis pulled him close, turning the lithe body so that Theophilus' back pressed tightly to his chest. The blond head that now lay back against his shoulder began nuzzling at the area his scent glands were hidden. He combined releasing his musk with a slow, deep rhythmic purr that reverberated in his chest as he caressed the blond's swell. 

He frowned as he felt the agitation beneath his hand. If the child was moving so much, surely Theophilus must be about to birth. He glanced up as Xavier and Jameson appeared.

Xavier sighed as he gratefully took charge of his young husband. A soft whine of pain escaping from Theophilus' lips as awareness came into his eyes and he blinked rapidly as Xavier made soothing noises. His beloved mate was so very close, but as yet had not settled to start the process of bringing their child into the world.

"Sorry," Theophilus whispered. "I do not know how long this will continue."

"There is nothing to be sorry for, little one," Willis said, cupping the blond's face and kissing the smooth cheek. "Your child will come when ready and we will just have to wait."

Xavier had found no Dregan medic willing to leave their world to assist with his husband's pregnancy no matter what incentives he offered. All had tried to induce Xavier to return Theophilus from his exile to have his child but the reptilian, and all their family, had been against any such move. All he could gather, after copious payments, was that Theophilus was behaving perfectly normally for a pregnant male and that there was generally little or nothing that medical experts could do to assist birth anyway. 

The nesting instinct, however, was not usual for Dregan males. Many voicing that it was due to Theophilus carrying a half-Phixian child. Creating a safe nest was common for Phixians of both sexes when ready for birth. From the little he had gleaned, the blond's body would know what to do when the baby was ready. He fully intended to record every process so that, for any other child they might have, modern technology could assist. He dare not even offer pain relief for fear of disrupting Theophilus' body's natural behaviour.

Theophilus was lying longer each time he went into his nesting phase. It meant that friends and family, present for the birth, were milling around in and out of the house along with those specifically designated as security. No one was able to truly settle whilst the blond was still hovering on the cusp. However, no one was complaining, all were anxiously waiting the moment when the baby was ready to enter the world.

"Come back outside, my heart," Xavier urged. "You seem to prefer the outdoor nests."

Jameson and Willis watched as the blond was led away by his protective mate.

"Uist asked me to wait inside," Willis explained to Jameson. "He is certain Sholto will not last full term and does not want his mate to move around unduly. He was therefore torn between the two of them, not happy that Theophilus is still mobile and wandering. He is equally sure however, Theophilus will ultimately select an outside nest and is waiting there. Of course the fact that he is keeping Sholto and Rayner beside him and encouraging Theophilus to lie in the nest they are beside adds weight to that theory," the older PrideHomer laughed.

"I hate the fact we have to use so much security," Jameson grumbled. "This should be a time of joy."

"Theophilus is aware of little beyond his imminent giving of birth, my friend," the cat-man said, affectionately taking Jameson's arm and leading him back towards the extensive rear garden. "When he wants comfort he instinctively seeks out those he loves and trusts. There is a small army of guards, but he has gone to none of them. We are the ones whose joy is marred and then only as much as we let it."

"I wasn't aware Uist thought his child would be early," Jameson added thoughtfully as they stood at the French windows. "I know Tristam has some concerns, his child is also restless and is a couple of months further away from full term than Uist and Sholto's."

"If you were to ask me," Willis said dropping his voice. "I would say there is a bond between the children yet to be born that is as strong as that their parents share. Theophilus' baby is preparing to enter the world and I believe the others wish to do the same. Tristam and Rayner's child is more telepathic than its parents. Theophilus' empathic abilities developed into an additional basic telepathy, almost by sheer willpower when Tristam was incapacitated, which it is thought he shares with his child."

"But there is nothing of that kind with Uist and Sholto." Jameson said. 

"Who knows what the brain may become capable of? There are some in my Pride whose mental abilities exceed that of the norm. It is not something we speak of. It is a talent we keep as tightly guarded a secret as that of our Warriors. Whilst Uist is not amongst them and Sholto has shown no such abilities, neither Rayner nor Tristam showed it at an early age as I understand. They needed each other for it to bloom. And here we have two children who seem to have such a talent and so perhaps the third will also be blessed. I would like to think it will be so. Better all three share the gift to some extent. Now go and keep an eye on our beautiful blond. I pray his child comes soon."

****

At the same time as Jameson wandered back into the garden, his image was watched by a group of men who had stopped their vehicle where they could covertly view the older man's home. 

"This the place?" a gruff voice asked.

"So the Boss says," an equally uncouth voice responded. "We snatch the Dregan and his half-breed. This little viewer taps into their security cameras so we can see exactly where he is and when he's whelped. Shame we can't hear what's going on," he added. "I can almost count the credits we could get for the information we could gather from this lot. Boss was disappointed this was only picking up visual, too."

"I heard there were Aantnaa," another voice offered. "And PrideHomers."

"Doesn't matter what they are," the second voice scoffed. "The weaponry the Boss has provided will take care of them all. Knock them all senseless whilst we whisk away the prize from under their noses. The Boss must want him badly. It's the best price we've ever been offered for a job and he's supplied the forged security paperwork, the Elite uniforms, the weaponry, this little viewer. Everything we need to breach their security and make our escape. All we have to do is get in there, get the blond and his kid and get out. Easiest credits we've ever earned."

"He good for the credit, Doane?" the first man asked. "It's a king's ransom."

"He's already deposited a third, Jaimin. This lot must've cost a fair bit, too. He'll deposit the second third when I call him to say the job's been a success. I get the last on delivery. You men will get to our rendezvous. Me and Liko will make sure we get the boy to the Boss. All we have to do now is wait. Let's move off. There's no need for us to get too close with this little baby," he added smirking as he waved the viewer. "With the credit from this job, we'll live like princes."

Raucous laughter and coarse words greeted the declaration and the vehicle took up another vantage spot from which to view the house's proceedings.

****

Rayner lay on the bed, knees bent and legs spread wide, as Tristam's tongue slowly slid over his skin. Their unborn seemed to be as agitated as Theophilus'. As the blond was yet to fully settle, Xavier had effectively ushered them away to spend some quiet time away from the general melee and possible influences of others' anxiety. From his vantage point, kneeling over Rayner's supine form, his husband was currently lapping diligently at his nipples and Rayner sighed his pleasure. He moaned and arched as best he could as his mate nibbled carefully at the taut nubs. The gentle ebb and flow of their shared pleasure was echoed faintly by the child he carried and he smiled.

Tristam's tongue was like wet velvet, soft and warm, dipping lower to lave just above his swollen abdomen. Licks became open-mouthed kisses as Tristam traversed his swell. Lower again and Tristam licked his aching shaft that twitched eagerly for the loving caress. Next his testes were given a thorough bathe before each precious orb was rolled carefully in the blond's mouth. Kisses were dropped down the inside of each wide-flung inner thigh, each shin and to each foot.

"Tristam," Rayner moaned as he wriggled his toes enticingly.

Tristam gave into his lover's silent request and brought the twitching toes into his mouth and let the taste explode on his tongue. He ran his slick muscle over, then under, the foot at his mercy. He played with the small digits that were now wiggling in his mouth. Suckling slowly, sensuously, he stopped to watch Rayner unhurriedly stroking his arousal.

"So good, Tristam," Rayner whispered as he clenched and unclenched his toes. "More please," he panted closing his eyes and moving his hand a little faster.

Tristam groaned at the erotic tableau. Rayner was lost in the intimacy of the act. It had been a while since he had indulged his mate this way. He brought the right foot up letting his thumb stroke a circle on Rayner's inside ankle. He used his other hand to stroke himself to perfectly equal his lover's tempo. Their link allowed him to match Rayner's inexorable ascent to reach his climax. Their shared pleasure was thick and heavy in the air and Tristam's nostrils flared wide as he breathed deeply. The combined scent of love and arousal made his shaft throb and he growled approvingly. His hardness was slick with his leaking juices and he could scent that Rayner's was the same. He licked his lips, his eyes devouring the small foot he held.

Rayner cried out as Tristam laved a long stripe with his tongue from his heel to the tip of his big toe. He whimpered pleadingly as the digit was then taken into wet heat and sucked to the same rhythm as both men worked their shafts.

"Oh, Tristam, so close," Rayner moaned, although he knew he did not have to speak. Tristam would know just how close he was from the feeling of elation that was just a heartbeat, a hair's breadth away from consuming them both. His hand was gently batted aside and he groaned low and deep as a strong, masterful hand encircled his hot flesh to stroke. Rayner's hands gripped tightly to the bedding as he was propelled towards a shared zenith.

"I can't hold back anymore," Tristam panted, his hips involuntarily thrusting up into his hand as he worked his lover's smooth, hard flesh.

"Don't, love," Rayner whispered. "Come for me, oh, love," Rayner moaned tossing his head back and forth on the pillow. Those words were the last coherent thought that he had before his shaft pulsed freely, covering Tristam's hand and himself. 

As the jet of precious crème poured forth Tristam bit the arch of the foot that was still in his hand and then roared his completion. His seed adorned the satin thigh of his mate. As he began to descend from his orgasmic high, Tristam took the time to lave the spot he had marked so lovingly. He licked his hand and then Rayner's smooth skin, devouring eagerly every drop of their shared passion before stretching cat-like at his lover's side.

Rayner smiled as he nestled close, certain Tristam was purring just like Uist did when particularly happy. His smiled widened as he felt his child's echo of their shared joy.

"Good job Tymon has volunteered to each our little one how to use his telepathy responsibly and not invade minds as he grows," Tristam murmured, his own grin matching Rayner's. 

"And how we can shield ourselves when needing privacy," Rayner giggled. The musical sound became a soft moan as Tristam's mouth covered his and a knowing tongue made its home inside his warm depths. 

They lay trading loving kisses and then both jumped, their eyes wide.

"It's time," Rayner said, his hand covering his swell where his child was moving agitatedly. 

The couple were already dressing as a voice, in a mixture of excitement and apprehension shouted through their door.

"Theophilus has settled. Hurry."

****

Tristam and Rayner hastened to take their place. They found Theophilus in the outside nest that had found most favour with Uist. Rayner smiled at the tableau. The blond was stretched out fully on his back with a sheet covering the lower half of his body. The family patriarchs: Willis, Jameson and Laban all knelt by his feet ready to be the first, other than Xavier himself, to welcome the child into their family. Uist was on Theophilus' right, the blond's hand clasped tightly. Tristam moved to take Theophilus' left and Rayner to kneel alongside Sholto. The auburn-haired young man had Theophilus' head pillowed on his knees and was already dabbing a damp cloth across the blond's brow.

Rayner noticed that the air was heavy with the scent of PrideHomer musk and low, rhythmic purrs. He glanced down at his brother-of-the-heart. The normally vibrant golden eyes were semi-glazed and he realised that the scent and sound were not simply making the blond more relaxed, but actually slipping him into a semi-sedated state. The PrideHomers selected as security, as well as the guests were contributing to the hypnotic melody. He heard a counter harmony from the Aantnaa who had attuned their own chirrups to a cadence that helped Theophilus.

"They know, don't they?" Sholto whispered to Rayner as his hand traced over his own swell. "Mine started kicking just before Theophilus stretched out and now he's settled."

"Same here," Rayner nodded. "Uist and Tristam don't think ours will wait their full terms. I don't either." He felt the love from Tristam reach out to him. He let it fuse with his own for his husband, for his child, for Theophilus and all their so diverse family and sent it to flow gently into the blond's mind. He gave Sholto, Uist and Tristam dazzling grins as Theophilus' hitherto expressionless face relaxed into a soft smile.

Xavier knelt watching as his beloved husband began the process of birthing and the gentle smile that softened the previously blank face. He glanced briefly at Tristam and Rayner, knowing in some way the smile was in response to them, He had no words to express the gratitude he felt to those of the varied races and families all around them who now actively contributed to make it easier on Theophilus to bring forth their already much-loved child. He swallowed as he saw the thin line of red that began to ooze at the point from where he would deliver their baby. He raised his head.

"It begins," he announced. All his attention was then rapt on his precious mate, silently praying that all would go well.

****

"Whelping time," Doane laughed as he regarded the viewer in his hand. "Nothing worth watching though. Got all the best bits covered," he added to coarse laughter and crude retorts. He looked at the blond that he and his mercenaries were being paid so handsomely to kidnap. Although he would say nothing in the company he was in, he felt a stirring of lust. 

The blond was indeed incredibly beautiful, in face as well as in body, and he could understand his Boss' fascination. However, there was no way he would double-cross his employer. Not to keep the Dregan for himself or to sell him to slavers. 

The man who had selected him and his elite mercenaries had a long reach and no payment would rival that already agreed. A part of him almost felt sympathy for the oblivious male. If he was picking up the kind of credits to snatch Theophilus, his Boss most certainly was not just going to have the blond as an adornment. 

"How much longer?"

The petulant question roused Doane from his reverie and he blinked at the viewer, angry at being disturbed.

"Doesn't look like it's quick," he growled. "I'll tell you when."

****

Xavier was unaware of the passage of time as he monitored his mate and their child as the birthing continued. He watched in awe as Theophilus' body finally opened enough to allow him access to the baby. The cadence around him seemed to swell to a crescendo as he lifted free the small bundle, still swathed in a protective sac. He tore the gossamer covering away to gaze at the tiny miracle he and Theophilus had created. 

The baby was mammalian in features except for vertically slitted amber eyes and the tail that curled around Xavier's wrist. The skin held the palest of green tints and there was a thick covering of short, platinum-blond hair on the skull. Father and son locked eyes silently for a few seconds and then he threw back his head and bellowed, the sound echoed by his son's wail and the gathered Phixians.

"Jameson, your grandson," he said, handing the baby to the mature human.

"Welcome to the family," Jameson husked, earning himself a muted noise from the child in his arms before passing him to Laban. He smiled as the elder Phixian lifted the child high once more to another bellow from the gathered reptilians.

Willis stared at the young life passed to him from the large, lizard male. Although no bloodline linked them, Willis felt the instinctive protectiveness for a familial cub wash over him. Grandfather and grandson regarded each other silently for a few seconds before the PrideHomer mimicked Laban's actions.

"Welcome to my Pride, little one," he murmured. "My first grandson," he shouted aloud. Then he and the PrideHomers gave their own roar of welcome. He passed the child to Uist and watched smiling as one-by-one Theophilus' chosen brothers added their personal welcomes before Tristam handed the baby back to Xavier.

"We have a son, my heart," he whispered tenderly to Theophilus, unsure how aware his husband would be.

"Son," came the barely there whisper. The dreamy smile widened marginally as the newborn was carefully cradled against his chest. Theophilus felt Tristam and Uist released their holds on his hands as he tried to hold his baby. Theophilus knew it was Uist who was fussing as he felt a cover enfold him to ensure his son remained secure against his heart.

Xavier let the cat-man arrange the newborn at Theophilus' breast and then instantly reverted from husband to physician. He started by checking that his mate's body was beginning the process of closing over now the child was delivered. He waited for the computer to display the requested information regarding Theophilus' vital statistics to verify his beloved husband was well and healing. He smiled. It would seem that it was going to be a problem-free event. 

He glanced around at the gathered family and friends and then the large marquee that had been set up. Once the welcoming of the infant had finished Jameson and Aurora, in the role of Theophilus' parents, would usher their guests inside. As soon as Theophilus was well enough to be moved, the three days of celebrations, that accompanied a birth of a new PrideHomer or Phixian, could officially begin. 

The reptilian smiled as he saw Jameson glance over at his wife as she wiped away a tear, his hand reaching to his own cheek to find unnoticed wetness. Xavier glanced back to Theophilus then to Jameson, knowing the mature male was waiting for him to conclude the welcoming ritual.

****

Doane watched as the big lizard began to reach towards the blond's body. He grinned. All he needed now was to see the blond seemed recovered. His eyes never left the screen, watching intently. Eventually his patience was rewarded.

"Heads up, boys," he said. "Time to collect our booty."

He and his six men strode from their vehicle to the gates of Jameson's home. Doane swiped a card and pressed his face against the retinal screen for his eye pattern to be checked and verified. He turned and grinned at his men as the scan checked and the first gate opened. His nodded approvingly as the rest of his men copied his actions and they stood in a specially constructed area between the initial gate and access to the front gardens. Doane took a deep breath as a second gate swung open and an Elite leader stood ready.
