 Silver 7 Beauty and the Beast




The lithe body moved as sleek as a seal through the water, blond hair restrained in a loose plait. Swimming was excellent exercise for an expectant father, ensuring Theophilus kept supple and stretched without overexerting himself. It was not as though he could purposely exhaust himself. An attentive husband kept a close watch over his pregnant mate, as did the rest of his family. These few months would be the most physically tiring as the baby he carried grew rapidly. Theophilus rolled onto his back and floated, caressing the swell of his belly and smiling. 

Sometimes he could scarcely believe he carried a child conceived from the love he shared with his reptilian mate. His life could have been so different. He pushed the darker thoughts away, focusing on the love he knew Xavier had for him. As unexpected as this gift was, it was one that brought joy to both males, as well as Theophilus' extended and diverse family. He could not suppress his giggle of happiness. He was in the last third of his pregnancy, Sholto was approaching mid-term and Rayner was just a few weeks behind him. Theophilus looked forward to all three births eagerly, although he knew his would be the most difficult.

He gave a squeal and giggle and strong teeth nibbled along the underside of his legs to nip carefully at his buttocks and then he was in Xavier's strong arms, laughing as his mate lifted him clear of the shallow water. He rubbed his face affectionately against the beloved reptilian visage.

"Beautiful," Xavier murmured as he carried his mate securely against his chest. Pregnancy had been difficult for the blond, but Theophilus had never complained, too enraptured with the thought of carrying their child to be anything less than happy. At the moment, relaxed and well rested, the blond positively glowed. Xavier's carefully created supplements had eliminated Theophilus' early nausea and now helped counteract the exhaustion that would be prevalent. 

The group had taken a break from any active missions whilst the pregnancies ran their course and whilst their unknown enemy remained at large. As such, Xavier's main work in the lab was finding the best combinations of supplements for the younger men. Sholto was still suffering from pregnancy sickness, whereas Rayner was simply tired. The big lizard was happy to devote his time and skills to make the three pregnancies as easy as possible for his brethren. In between, he spent as much time as he could with Theophilus.

Theophilus wriggled alluringly as Xavier teased his tiny opening with his tail. He carefully laid his precious bundle on a comfortable nest of cushions and pillows topped with big thick towels. Soon it would be too uncomfortable to join with his mate when they made love and the reptilian intended for them to enjoy intimacy as often as possible whilst they still could. He guided Theophilus' smooth legs around his bulk, his hands caressing the delicate swell of his husband's abdomen and his tail probing insistently until Theophilus entrance acceded to the erotic demands and flowered open. As his tail slid into the hot, tight sheath, Xavier gyrated it carefully to caress his mate's hidden jewel.

Theophilus moaned his appreciation as one of Xavier's hands stroked him whilst his tail worked inside him. He gave a soft, impassioned cry of Xavier's name, holding Xavier's head to his breast, as the forked tongue slid around a sensitive, rose-pink nipple, squeezing with care and flicking seductively over the taut nub. He spread his legs further, arching his back. He writhed and mewled, his hair coming free from its plait to flow like golden silk around him.

"Please, my husband," he pleaded softly. "Please."

Xavier honoured the request, unsheathing his hemipenes and sliding them into Theophilus blood-hot channel to a low purr of appreciation from the blond. He felt the long limbs tighten around him as his lover tried to take him deeper.

"Gentle, my heart," he chided gently, his tongue slipping into his mate's mouth to a muted mewl from the younger man. "I will love you as you desire, but let me do all the work."

"I love you so much, Xavier," Theophilus whimpered quietly. "I need you."

"I am here, beloved and I will take care of you as you wish." He formed his knot, letting his shimmering sexes rub against his mate's sweet spot. His tail rippled from root to tip over Theophilus' engorged shaft, one hand sensually tormented the over-sensitive breasts and his tongue thrust rhythmically into the blond's softly panting mouth.

Theophilus was caught up in the amatory assault. He felt as though his husband was making love to his entire body and the flames of desire, carefully built up by the reptilian, were now scorching unchecked through every cell and synapse of Theophilus' body. He moaned wantonly, trying to convey his pleasure, trusting his mate would understand. As much as he wanted to keep watching the adored face of his husband, the golden eyes fluttered closed as supernovae began to detonate before his eyes. His musical cry of Xavier's name was harmonised with a low trill of pleasure from his reptilian mate and, as his seed arced from his shaft, he felt liquid heat filling him. 

As his orgasm finally ended, Theophilus' body slumped replete. He opened heavy-lidded, satiated orbs to watch his husband lick him clean. The long, agile organ laved his chest, carefully lapped at his sated sex and tenderly cleansed his hidden entrance. As much as he wanted to reciprocate, his body seemed too heavy. A leaden hand reached his lover's head, stroking tiredly at the aural depression it could reach and petting desultorily at the lilac frill. 

Giving his unique smile, Xavier arranged their bodies until his mate was cradled comfortably against his chest, his tail stroking Theophilus' thighs, as his hand rested over the small swell of his belly.

"I tire so quickly, even with your help, my husband," Theophilus whispered. He let his body relax against his mate's bulk and nestled comfortably in the protective embrace.

"Your body takes care of the child growing within, beloved," Xavier replied, his hand rubbing over Theophilus' warm skin. "You need more rest whilst he grows."

"Am I a burden to you and our family?" Theophilus asked anxiously. 

"Never," Xavier assured. "You take good care of Sholto and Rayner. Your presence settles Sholto almost as well as anything I can produce. You carry a precious gift within you and it will not be long before Sholto and Rayner tire as quickly as you do as their babies grow. You, at least, have been spared the sickness that plagues Sholto."

The couple spared a thought for the auburn-haired human and his PrideHomer husband. They had gone to spend a couple of days on PrideHome with Uist's sire and sibling. It had been under strict secrecy, the couple in disguise and under assumed names. It was likely to be the last off world visit any of the couples made until after the birthing. Theophilus and Xavier waited aboard 'Silver' for the rendezvous with the returning couple, a couple of Elite ships in near proximity, and then all would return to Jameson's home and Rayner and Tristam. A soft smile played around the blond's lips as he slipped into satiated slumber. He had missed his brothers and was looking forward to them all being together once more.

****

Uist's head rose slowly. He had been awake for a few minutes, using his senses of scent and hearing to ascertain if anyone else was in the room. He detected nothing except a septic aroma that irritated his sensitive nose. His mate was not there. He was alone. 

Naked.

And secured at ankles and wrists to a cold, smooth wall. 

His arms were raised as high above his head as they could be. His ankles were held by metal bands that kept his legs spread wide apart. His genitals had been pulled from their protective pouch and he could feel they had been as scrupulously cleansed as the rest of his body. He knew he had been given an enema and the thought of unseen, unfelt hands touching him so intimately had his rage simmering. He assumed the vulnerable pose was intended to magnify his helplessness. He could be touched at will by his captors but, instead of increasing his vulnerability, it increased his rage. However, as a seasoned Warrior, he kept his face schooled into impassivity.

Across the room was a small cot bolted to the floor. It had a metal rail around it which had a long chain ending in a single manacle attached. A screen encircled a chemical toilet, which Uist could scent along with antibacterial hand wash. His eyes flitted around the rest of what was little more than a windowless, grey box. He spotted the small camera, its green eye glowing balefully. He assumed the room would be wired for sound as well as vision and let all his rage and hate centre on the green light.

"I'm glad to see you awake, Uist," a disembodied voice came from the direction of the camera. "As you can see, you are unhurt and have been cleaned and tended by my medical staff. Unfortunately, your mate's pregnancy meant he was more sensitive to the gas we used to drug all aboard your vessel. He will be joining you soon. We wanted to ensure he had recovered from his nausea, and associated difficulties, before bringing him here."

"If harm befalls my mate or my unborn there will be no safe place in this universe for you to hide," Uist snarled.

"I assure you, Uist, it is not my intention to harm you, Sholto or his baby. So long as you both co-operate neither of you will be hurt. Attempt to escape and you will be punished. You will bear punishment for anything Sholto tries and equally, he will be punished if you try anything. Sholto will be brought to you in a few moments."

Uist growled dangerously. He could not purposely endanger his mate and unborn. However, if he got just one, safe opportunity to deal with their kidnapper...He gave another low snarl of fury as Sholto was escorted into the room. His mate was also naked and looked pale and dishevelled, the lingering sent of pregnancy sickness still assailed Uist's nostrils. At the cat-man's instinctive sound, Sholto raised his head.

The guard stared openly at the attractive young male, a hand going to Sholto's shoulder, preventing him from going to his restrained mate. His eyes flicked briefly over to Uist at the feral snarl in response to his unwelcome touch. However, it was the angry voice from the camera that had his hand snatched quickly away.

"You were ordered to keep your hands off him. Sholto, you may have a few moments with your husband."

The younger man did not hesitate, moulding his body against the solid bulk of his mate and soaking up the warmth and scent. He felt Uist rubbing his scent glands against him, knowing the PrideHomer would be trying to replace the stench of unknown hands on him with his own unique scent. He breathed deeply, letting the familiar and beloved scent calm his still-churning stomach and frayed nerves.

Uist could smell sickness, fear and others on his mate. He hoped his musk would help settle his lover. He was pleased they were given the time to nuzzle before the already-detested voice spoke once more.

"As I have told Uist, the rules here are simple, Sholto. If at any time you resist or disobey an order, or attempt to escape, your punishment will be borne by your husband as his will be by you. You will now return to your guard."

With a parting kiss, Sholto reluctantly returned to where the guard stood. He stood passively as the manacle was locked around his wrist. The guard made no attempt to get any closer than necessary. Sholto tried to hide his concern that their captor could instil such fear in his own men. As the guard quickly left Sholto slumped, defeated, on his cot.

"Now you may both meet your permanent jailor. I can be assured he will neither disobey his orders nor attempt to touch what is forbidden to him. Meet Beast."

Both Uist and Sholto stared at the being that lumbered into their cell. If its shoulders had not been hunched, it would be as tall as Uist. The arms were loose-jointed, which suggested at suppleness beyond the norm and terminated in gnarled hands with razor-sharp claws. Its legs were thick and powerful. Its visible skin seemed to be scaly. Its face was morbidly fascinating, comprising a skull that was misshapen with a bony growth, like a ridge, a couple of inches above its eye sockets. Its nose was almost flat, with wide nostrils that quivered as it scented the others in the room. The jaw was also deformed, housing an array of uneven, sharp teeth. For all its fearsome and repulsive appearance, the most gruesome thing was the deep brown, very human eyes that gazed almost vacantly at Sholto and then Uist.

"Beast, scent the one on the wall, then the one on the cot," the disembodied voice commanded. As the creature obeyed the order, the voice continued. "Once he has your scent, he can track you anywhere aboard this station and he will administer any punishments."

Uist was neither afraid of nor intimidated by the creature and as it turned to head towards Sholto, he growled low and feral.

Sholto swallowed past his fear. The creature was just going to smell him.

"This one is special, Beast. He is bearing a child. Become familiar with this aspect of his physiology."

The creature stretched a single finger towards the swollen stomach of the dark-haired prisoner. It turned its head to see Uist snarling and yanking as hard as he was able to prevent its touch.

"Please, Uist, stop. I'm fine. Let it touch me," Sholto pleaded. In a much lower voice he added. "Please don't hurt my baby." He closed his eyes as the deadly claw reached closer. However, the touch was so light as to be barely noticeable and, as he opened his eyes, he could see the creature had angled the finger to avoid the claw from potentially scratching his skin. He saw a flicker of ... something ... in the beast's eyes, then the almost-vacant look was back in place. 

"Your stay here is only temporary whilst more suitable accommodation is prepared. We want to ensure your child has a home, after all."

Sholto felt nausea roll through his body. The thought of his baby, born in the clutches of this man was almost more than he could bear. His hand rubbed over the swell of his belly.

"We will be found," Uist growled.

"Oh I'm afraid there is little time for your 'family' to be looking for you. Tristam has been infected with a synthetic virus, effectively rendering his body immobile and shutting off all his senses. Pretty Rayner is naturally at his side and the lizard is trying to find a cure. I can assure you that the delicious Dregan is distraught at your disappearance, but they have more than enough to deal with without trying to find you. You are dismissed, Beast. "

Uist used every ounce of his Warrior training not to scream his fury and pain. He had heard the lust in the mocking voice when speaking of Theophilus. Rayner's pregnancy was still early and this kind of stress could easily create a problem with his body's acceptance of the artificial womb. His eyes took in the slumped figure of his mate, sitting dejectedly on the small cot. The owner of the loathed voice may not know it, but he was a walking dead man.

****

Two full days had passed since Theophilus' world had been turned upside down. Uist and Sholto had vanished, the entire population of the ship they were aboard drugged to kidnap the couple. Almost simultaneously Tristam had been struck down with a paralysing virus. The blond's head pounded with pain and he tried to give a genuine smile to his chosen brother as Rayner stroked his brow. Tristam seemed to be in a coma, unresponsive to any external stimuli, but not to the mental touch of his mate. 

An unexpected side effect to Tristam's condition was his forging a mental link with the blond. Tristam, exclusively communicating with his mind, somehow connected with the blond's inherent empathy and drove it one step further. It allowed Theophilus to remain at Tristam's side whilst Rayner took short breaks. Although Theophilus was overjoyed to be able to do *something*, he still felt it was too little. A true telepath was on his way, but their species preferred to keep their distance from non-telepathic ones. Additionally, Jameson was desperate to keep news of Tristam's vulnerability hidden and so the family friend they chose was still a day or so away from arriving. The mental connection was painful for the Dregan, his mind unused to working in such a way and headaches were frequent for the blond. It was hoped the telepath could both help him strengthen his neural pathways as well as actually communicate with Tristam.

Theophilus gamely tried to play down the pain, but was unable to hide it from Rayner as the younger men each got used to the feeling of the other in their mind. In addition to Theophilus' nascent ability, another source of future celebration was that his baby reacted to the mental touches of Tristam and Rayner. His eyes grew heavy as his body responded to his pain and growing exhaustion. He felt Rayner's hand move to stroke tenderly over his small bump. The three younger men had taken to rubbing oil over each other's stretching skin to help it retain its suppleness as well as a way of relaxing and enjoying a time of shared intimacy. It made the pain of Sholto's absence even more sharp. As his eyes closed he made a mental vow. 'I have not forgotten you, Uist and Sholto, my beloved brothers. I swear I will not leave it to others to find you.'

****

When Theophilus' eyes next opened, he was carefully wrapped and snuggled in the nest he shared with Xavier and, in his husband's absence, was clinging tightly to one of Xavier's lab coats. He rubbed the material over his face, his antennae quivering as he scented his beloved mate. He gave a sad sigh. They were in Jameson and Aurora's home and his husband flitted, well protected, between the hospital facility and the house as he tried to counter-act whatever afflicted Tristam. Theophilus had no doubt he mate would succeed and believed Tristam got more from the experienced touches of Rayner's mind than his own. A tear slid down a porcelain cheek as he rose stiffly, caressing his swell. He *had* to do something. He needed to be looking for Uist and Sholto. There had to be a way he could. There *had* to be. As he stepped from the room, he saw Jameson coming towards him.

Jameson saw the glint of the crystal tears and hurried to envelope the lithe body in a tight embrace. He was unsure of the cause of the tears, knowing it could just be the youthful male's changing hormones. However, he wanted to offer any comfort he could to Theophilus. Although he and Aurora had fostered many children, they had only adopted three; Tristam, Rayner and Theophilus. The blond would therefore present them with their first grandchild and he had already suffered greatly during what should have been a time of joy for all the family.

"Oh, Papa," Theophilus finally husked, "I feel so useless."

"Nonsense," the mature male countered. "Without you Tristam would be alone and adrift when Rayner needs to rest. You care for Rayner when he feels despair and you carry your baby, our first grandchild. You contribute greatly, son."

"But Uist and Sholto are still missing. I need to do something to help find them. Please, Papa?"

"Xavier will be back soon," Jameson mused. "Go to your Mama and make sure you eat properly," he chided gently, smiling as Theophilus' cheeks tinted pink. "If Xavier agrees, you can come to HQ with me and review everything we have. Perhaps your sharp eyes will see something another has missed."

"Truly?" Theophilus asked, his smile emerging like the sun after rain. He hugged Jameson tightly, his step lighter as he hurried to the kitchen to find Aurora.

Jameson watched the retreating figure with a loving smile. He made a mental vow to ensure he kept Theophilus close to him if Xavier agreed the blond could go with him. He moved to the bedroom of his other sons. He gave a saddened smile as Rayner looked up and bent to hug and kiss the brunette before kissing the cheek of the blond who lay so unmoving. The sight was like a dagger in his heart and Jameson's hand moved to caress the swell of Rayner's abdomen, a gesture he unconsciously copied from Theophilus.
