 This story is a continuation from the series "An Erotic Tale". To get a better understanding of these characters, it is best to read the previous 4 installments in the series. This story is fictional and for entertainment purposes only. Remember, knowledge is power! Educate yourself. Always practice safe sex! 

*

Forcing my eyes open from the heavy weight of unconsciousness, I was aware of a flurry of noise and activity. Dazedly staring up at the ceiling, I could see strobes of light passing overhead. Trying to focus pass the pain rippling through my body, I realized it was fluorescent lights overhead. I was being wheeled down a long white corridor, in what I assumed was a hospital, while doctors and nurses ran beside the gurney checking vitals and hooking me up to machines.

As though from a far distance, I could hear a familiar voice yelling for the doctors to help me. It was Mandy, and she sounded almost hysterical as she yelled and cussed for them to save me. I wanted to reach out and soothe her and reassure her that I was fine, but my body felt weighted down and I couldn't move.

A buzzing noise started from the machines as I heard someone yelling for a crash cart. I could feel a strange lightheadedness overcoming me and I closed my eyes with a sigh as I embraced the quiet peace I could feel calling out to me.

*

I awoke with a jolt! It felt as though I was hit with a thousand volts of lightning shooting from the top of my head to the tips of my toes.

"He's back. Vitals are improving. Pressure is 127 over 95; pulse 80," someone called above me.

"Get him prepped and to the OR stat. Call Doctor Martin and let him know we need him. From the bruising on his forehead, we're going to need a CT and a neuro-surgeon to check for any bleed on his brain." This voice sounded more authoritative, and I assumed he must be the guy in charge.

"Looks like the kidney may have been punctured. I want a MRI to confirm any hemorrhaging. Ok people lets move, every second counts." The voice continued.

For a second I began panicking. Is this how I was going to die? I always thought I would go peacefully in my bed one day when I was old and grey. Shit, there was so much I still wanted to do. I never even told Mike how I felt about him. Oh God Mike! Did he know I was here? Was he worried out of his mind?

I felt myself being moved around and I could hear machines and people buzzing next to me, but my head was getting foggy again. Something was fitted over my face and then I couldn't think anymore.

**

Mike was busy getting ready for bed - and thinking about calling Carson to say goodnight, just as his cell rang. Grinning to himself, he picked up his phone and then frowned when he didn't recognize the number.

"Hello," He said as he answered.

"Mike, oh God Mike is that you?" a hysterical female voice came through the phone. Whoever this was, she was crying and he could barely make out the words.

"Yes this is Mike, who is this?"

"Oh God Mike. Its Mandy -- Carson's friend Mandy," she sobbed down the phone. Mike's whole body immediately stiffened as dread crawled all over him. There was no way Mandy would be calling him, unless something happened to Carson.

"Mandy, is Carson ok? Where is he?" Mike demanded in an unsteady voice.

"Oh Mike, no, no he-," she hiccupped before she could continue. "He was robbed and they hurt him. Oh God, there was so much blood. Please Mike, we're at the hospital. He needs emergency surgery."

Oh Jesus, there was no way this was not serious. From the few times he had met Mandy, she was always an easy-going laid back person. If she was this hysterical, it could only mean that Carson was seriously injured.

Quickly trying to reassure her through his own pain and terror, he took down the name and details of the hospital and said he would be there in 10 minutes. Jumping into action, he pulled on his clothes and was out the door. Once he was on his way, he remembered that his brother was on duty tonight at the hospital Carson had been admitted to. Pulling out his cell he dialed.

"Come on Paul, come on, pick-up!" Just as he was about to end the call a voice answered.

"Mike, I can't talk now, I have an emergency. Can I call you later?" Paul said as a greeting. He sounded like he was out of breath from running.

"No, no. Paul I'm on the way to the hospital now. Someone was brought in a few minutes ago. A stabbing I think. It's a young man about 25 year's old, with black hair and green eyes?"

"What -- yeah how did you know? That's the emergency I'm working on now Mike. Look I really have to go now."

"No, wait! Jesus Paul - its Carson. That's Carson they admitted. Fuck Paul, help him please. I beg you, I'll do anything, just don't let anything happen to him."

Mike's voice was hoarse with pain and tears as he pleaded with his brother to save Carson.

"Oh shit Mike. I'm so sorry. Look I have to go, but I promise you I'll do everything I can to help him. I'll talk to you later." And with that he ended the call.

"Fuck!" Mike shouted. So much agony and confusion echoed in that one word.

A few minutes later Mike barreled into the emergency entrance. Spotting Mandy sitting in one of the waiting chairs nervously chewing her fingernail, he ran over to her.

"Mandy," was all he said.

Glancing up, he saw her lips quiver as she burst into tears again. Jumping up, she clutched at Mike as she sobbed in his arms. Once she got herself under control, Mike shifted her back and sat her down.

"What happened to Carson, Mandy?"

"Oh God Mike. I had just got h-home and as I was walking towards my door, when I saw these dark pools on the floor. When I realized what it was, I was so scared. I wanted to turn around and run, but I knew I needed to see if anyone needed h-help," Mandy bowed her head as the tears started running down her cheeks again. Shaking her head, she took a deep breathe to collect herself.

"When I got nearer to the apartment, I saw someone lying there. But he was lying in front of Carson's apartment, and even though I couldn't see his face I just knew it was him. I ran to him and he was just lying there in all this blood. Oh god, there was just so much blood."

She looked down at her hands as though she could still see the blood coating her fingers. There were still some stains on her jeans and sweater.

"Its ok Mandy," Mike said as he pulled her against him again. "You did all you could. You got him to the hospital in time."

Mike could feel her shaking against him, and admittedly he wasn't feeling too steady himself.

"Do you know what the doctors are doing? Is he stable?"

Looking up Mandy brushed the moisture off her face with both hands. "The doctor came out briefly. He said they needed to get him into surgery, and they wanted to make sure there was no swelling of the brain. Buts that's all. I've been waiting ever since for an update."

"Ok. My brother works here, I'll try and see if I can get any more information."

Half an hour later there was still no news. It seems that the nurses wouldn't give them any information until the doctor came to talk to them personally as they technically weren't family. Frustrated at the lack of information and the feeling of uselessness, Mike paced the corridor.

Finally, fifteen minutes later his saw his brother striding down the corridor towards him. Running to meet him, Mike immediately demanded to know what was happening.

"Mike. Ok here it is. There is some slight swelling on the brain, but it looks more like a concussion than anything more serious. Doctor Martin, the neurologist is keeping a watchful eye to make sure nothing more happens, so for now that is under control." Taking a deep breath, Paul rubbed the back of his neck before continuing.

"What aren't you telling me Paul?" Mike demanded.

"He's in surgery at the moment. He was stabbed twice in the lower left of his back, right where his kidney is. There was a slight puncture of the left kidney, but the surgeon is busy repairing that as we speak. The tear was minimal, but still it's a high risk procedure. We don't want to damage the kidney anymore than it has already been."

"Christ." Mike muttered as he stumbled against the wall. "Is he going to be ok?"

"I'm not going to lie to you. He was damn lucky. It could have been worst. He could have lost the kidney completely. But even so, it's going to be a while before he's fully recovered - physically and mentally Mike."

Nodding in understanding, Mike thanked his brother. He went back to Mandy and repeated what Paul had said. Sitting in the waiting room, Mandy and Mike waited until they were finally allowed to see Carson.

*

My recovery was slow, but there was a definite improvement as each day went by. The police took my statement, but without me being able to properly identify the assailant, they didn't have much hope of catching him.

Mike was pissed at the news. He demanded fingerprints and forensic investigations, but the corridor where the attack took place did not reveal any clues that could link anyone to the crime.

I explained about the two anonymous gifts that I had received. I asked Mandy to let the cops into the apartment to collect it. There were no clues or prints on the box besides mine. However, because of this fact, the police agreed that I may definitely have attracted the attentions of a stalker.

It was only on the fourth day lying in hospital that I realized I never told the police about Ron. Calling the detective in charge of the case, I asked to speak to him.

"Hello, is that Detective Duncan? It's Carson Landry. Um, I have some more information that I just remembered."

"Hello Mr. Landry. Ok that's good news. I'll make a turn at the hospital later today to take your statement."

Thanking him, I ended the call. Just then the door opened and Mike walked in.

Reaching over to kiss me lightly on the lips, he asked, "How you feeling today baby?"

"Besides this annoying headache that never seems to go away and my stitches beginning to itch, I feel like I'm ready to go home."

"Not so fast. Doctor said another two days at least and then another week of bed rest. No overdoing it," Mike scolded.

Pulling a face at him, I pouted from my reclining position in the hospital bed.

"Oh, I called the detective today. He's coming over later," I practically whispered. I still hadn't told Mike about Ron, and I knew he would be pissed at me.

"Why? Did you remember something about the attack?" Mike asked eagerly.

Cringing at what I was about to tell him, I muttered under my breath. "Kind of."

"Ok so what is it babe? And why do I get the feeling you don't really want to tell me?"

Sighing heavily, I looked up at Mike from beneath lowered lashed. "Well, um, it's kind of a long story. At first I didn't think anything about it, but then when this happened, I thought maybe he might be the one, but um, I'm not sure, so um, that's why I called the detective," I finished in a rush.

"What and who are you talking about? Are you telling me you know who did this to you?" Mike looked about ready to do battle and I flinched back into the mattress.

I quickly explained about the first meeting with Ron and then subsequently all the other run-ins and how I didn't think about telling Mike, because it just never came up. To say Mike was pissed was an understatement. He looked thunderous. Just as he was about to open his mouth and blast me about my stupidity, the door opened and a nurse entered. Oh God, never had I been so grateful to see a nurse holding a needle than what I was at that moment.

"OK Mr. Landry, time for your pain medication. It will make you woozy, so maybe your visitor can come back later?"

Looking hard at me, Mike leaned down and whispered in my ear, "This isn't over. We are going to finish this conversation later." He kissed me softly on the lips before nodding at the nurse before he left.

"You are a lucky man to have someone care about you so much," the nurse said as she administered the medication.

Smiling over at her, I nodded. "Yes, I'm lucky."

As the drugs took effect, I drifted off and only awoke when I heard voices talking softly next to my bed. Opening my eyes, I glanced at the clock on the wall and realized it was mid-afternoon. I had been asleep for about 4 hours.

Mike and the detective were standing and talking, and as I shifted on the bed, they turned and focused on me.

"Glad you're awake Mr. Landry. If you're up to it, I can take your statement."

Nodding in assent, I repeated everything I had told Mike early to the detective.

"Do you know what his last name is, or where he stays?" The detective asked while scribbling in his little notepad.

"Uh, no. He just kept popping up out of the blue. But he takes his dog to the park down the street from my apartment complex. I'm sure someone there might remember him. He has a little Jack Russell called Tiger. Maybe you can ask around and see if anyone else knows him?" I ventured, hoping that the detective would find Ron.

"Has he ever threatened you in any way, or made any overtures that bordered on threatening?"

"Well, not really. He just always made me feel uncomfortable when he was around and he asked me out a couple of times and I said no."

From the corner of my eye, I could see Mike's stance tense. Oh shit I forgot to mention that part to him. I could see the caveman in him roaring to life again.

"Ok Mr. Landry, thank you for your help. I'll look into this matter and get back to you if we find anything?"

"Is that it? You're not going to arrest him?" Mike said incredulously as the detective made to leave the room.

"At the moment that's all I can do Mr. Grayson. We don't have anything that links him to the crime, and until we do, he is just a suspect. And to be perfectly blunt, we don't have much to hold him on. We're just going to find him and bring him down to the station for questioning."

Holy fucking hell, the look on Mike's face said he was about to drop the detective where he stood. I needed to smooth his ruffled feathers quick before he did something stupid.

"Mike, could you help me please," I said in my most pained voice. Mike immediately came over to me, his face creased in worry as he leaned over me.

"I just need you to help me get in a more comfortable position. If that's all detective, is it ok if I rest now?" I said over Mike's shoulder.

"Yes, that's all. Let me know if you think of anything else and I'll keep you updated." With that the detective left.

"Where does it hurt baby? Should I call the nurse?"

Shit now I felt guilty for putting that worried look on Mike's face. But it was better that than him spending the night in jail for assaulting a police officer.

Smiling at him gently, I reached up and pulled his face down to mine. Parting my lips, I slipped my tongue into his mouth and moaned as his tongue came out to play. Several breathless moments later, we pulled apart panting.

"Thank you, I feel more comfortable now."

Shaking his head and chuckling, Mike reached down and kissed me again.

"I know what you were doing little boy. And if you weren't lying in this hospital bed, I would spank you as punishment for trying to distract me."

Hell! Even though I was injured and lying in a hospital bed just days out of surgery, my body tightened as I imagined Mike bending me over his knee and warming my ass with his hands. Seeing my little shiver, he smiled and stroked a hand over my hair.

"Maybe a little bit later, when we both can enjoy it properly. For now, just get better for me Carson."

Nodding, I laid back and rested.

*

Three days later I was finally discharged from hospital. To say that I was a little bit apprehensive about going back to my apartment was an understatement. Mike however, solved that problem easily.

"You're going to be staying with me for a couple of weeks, until you get back on your feet baby. I need to make sure you're looked after properly. And what better way than if I look after you myself?"

I stared at Mike for a long time. I knew he meant well, and I really wanted to be with him, but for all intents and purposes we would be 'living' together. I was nervous. I had never had a roommate before, and Mike and I had always had our own spaces since we started dating.

What if things didn't work out? What if living with me made Mike realize that I wasn't what he was looking for? What if it was perfect for me, but Mike ended up hating it? Oh God, there was just too many 'what if's'.

"Uh, are you sure Mike? What about the bar. You have to work."

"Yes I'm sure babe. I have good staff that can fill in for me. And I will be there a couple of hours a day for paperwork, but otherwise I'm all yours. That's the beauty of being the boss." Mike smiled as he pulled me into his arms.

I rested my head on his shoulder as I thought about it. Deciding I would rather be with him than go back to my apartment, I nodded. Tightening his arms around me, Mike kissed the side of my neck as he just held me.

The transition from having our own places, to living together was surprisingly smooth. We seemed to fit around each other as though we'd been living together for years.

Mike went to my apartment and collected some clothes for me, as well as my toiletries. I asked Mandy to pop into the apartment twice a week to water the plants on my balcony. Besides that, I was healing nicely and seemed to be getting stronger everyday.

Mike spoiled me rotten. He wouldn't allow me to do anything on my own and even went so far as waiting outside the bathroom when I showered. At times it became so frustrating, but mostly I had to admit, it was kind of nice to have someone fussing over me.

Mike's family came round that weekend to visit. His mom brought enough food to feed an army. It felt good to be a part of Mike's family. I couldn't remember when last I was this happy or when I felt so secure in the love around me.

The only dark spot on the horizon was that there was no progress being made in finding my attacker. Ron was brought in for questioning, but because he had an airtight alibi, the police had no reason to detain him further.

Each night I fell asleep in Mike's arms only to wake up in a cold sweat as I recalled the fear and violence of the attack. Mike would hold me in his arms, and rock me to sleep as though I were a child. As embarrassing and frightening as these nightmares were, the feeling of being wrapped in Mike's arms was worth it.

Before I knew it, three weeks had flown by since the attack. My checkup with the doctor went perfectly. There were no residual effects from the concussion or the surgery, and the doctor was optimistic that I would be back to my old self in another couple of weeks.

I was given the name of a psychiatrist who specialized in trauma. She was amazing, and after only a few sessions with her, I was feeling less apprehensive about going back to my apartment and the nightmares had lessened.

On the last checkup with my doctor and shrink, I had been cleared to return to work the following week. Mike was not ecstatic about this, but I assured him I needed this to get myself back to normal.

The only thing we had not discussed was me returning home. Each time I tried to broach the subject with Mike he dodged it and made some excuse about giving me more time to heal. I knew he was worried about me going back to the place I was attacked.

Added to the unspoken issues between us was the fact that it had been almost a month since Mike and I had been intimate -- since just before the attack. I knew we were both frustrated, but Mike seemed determined to give my body time to fully recover even though I was more than eager to resume our intimacies. I knew that if we were ever going to get back to the way things were before the attack, I would need to take matters into my own hands.
