 "Cruses...well I guess we all should go in and talk with them... right Matthew?" James said after giving his head a little shake to break his amplified hearing. Which allow him to hear everything Silver and them were saying?

Pondering hard on what to do Matthew's wolf cocks his head at his beloved mate and said, "Well my love what is your idea should we go in and talk with them? Or should we just save Silver and deal with everything else later?"

"It's up to you and James being that it's his mate in there?" Teas said back as she bent down to pet her love's head.

"I say we go in and take Silver back." Mark said in a semi calm yet demanded tone state. As his wolf growled a bit out of anger and concern for Silver, who he had no idea why he felt so fixated by him was it love for the young man, was it his animal wanting to 'play hard' with him, or what was it. All that Mark knows was that he needed to be either near Silver or 'be with him'. He had no idea what to do and it was driving him nuts.

"I agreed with Mark on this Matthew." Brock spoke as his wolf gave a yelp and wagged its tail like a puppy.

"I beg your pardon! You two better watch your tones or else...got it." Matthew cold heartedly demanded as his wolf growled and bare its teeth. Causing Brock & Mark to back away and bow out of respect, while James & Teas just look at one another and gave a shrug.

(Light sounds of footsteps and Twigs breaking) brought the group to a silence as a green eyes and hair girl appear behind James. "Excuse me... my mistress wishes to speak to you all about the young man in her home?" The Green hair girl said as she bowed and moved her hands in the direction of the cottage.

"Well I guess we should go in don't want to be rude." James said calmly as he bowed back to the girl who smiled sweetly at him. "Would you mind leading the way?" he asked as took a step closer to the green hair girl.

"It would be my pleaser." The girl said taking off for the cottage.

~~~~~

Back in the Cottage

"I can't believe you would let her go out there!" Alex shouted pasting across the floor for fear of his sister, Lee, and Silver as she order Tammy to go get the group that was hiding outside. So they could talk about Silver and see if he needs or needed protection from them.

{Calm down Alex go sit with Silver he must be a bit scared about whose coming.} Lee sign as she walked up to Alex to calm him down.

Taking a deep breath Alex nodded and started off towards Silver, when a hand gently stopped him dead in his tracks. Turning around to see what Lee wanted with him?

{Why don't you take Silver a drink it looks as if he could use one?} Lee asked pointing at Silver who was sitting on a nice wooden look futon as he rubbed the back of his neck. She could see the worriness in his eyes as he kept looking at the door.

Nodding his head Alex went and got a cup of hot Oolong tea. Just the thing to help calm him down and boy deep he needed calming down. The young man look as if he witness Jack the Ripper murder someone right be for his eyes.

"Here drink this!" Alex said in a soft demanding tone as he handed Silver the cup of tea.

Taking the offer drink Silver gave it a once over and small sniff before taking a small but tasteful sip. Silver's fears and worries all diaper as the warm liquid flow down his throat and calm his nerves.

(A deep sigh 'Ahhh') Looking up at Alex Silver smile at him and said "Thank you for the tea Alex it...was nice of you."

"It was nothing and no need to thank me." Replied Alex as he was sitting down on the wooden futon.

"What is it? It's like Ginseng tea, but more earth tone?" Silver question as he was taking a few more sips of the tea. Finding it calm and relaxes his mind and body.

"It's a tea called Oolong. It has many uses, but it's mostly use to help calm ones nerves." Alex answer Silver's question as his eye were glue to the front door. As a soft knock came from it.

The door open calmly as Tammy came through it. "Lee I brought them as wish. May I introduce to you Alpha of the Lycans Matthew Moon-sight?" Tammy introduce Lee to a black wolf that somehow was standing on its hind legs and its top paws turn into hands as it shook Lee's hand.

"It's a pleaser to meet you Miss Lee. The name is Matthew Moon sight...please call me Matthew." The human-wolf Matthew said as he gave the small hand a quick peck.

The kiss on her hand was too much for Lee to handle, you could tell as her cheeks got a rosey color to them along with a small smile that was now house on her face. She cast a gaze at Tammy who just nodded before saying, "THANK you Matthew pleas take a set." Casting a look at Tammy Matthew was about to say something, but stop as she put a hand up to stop him from asking the unasked question.

"Lee is a muted and for that I will be speaking for her...if that's ok with you?" Tammy answer as Matthew nodded and took a set in a rocker chair. Nodding her acknowledgment that Matthew understood she continued. "And here we have Teas Moon-sight, Matthew's mate."

"It's an honor thank you welcoming use in to your home." Teas said bowing abit to Lee, then taking a set next to her mate who was now looking around the room.

Lastly introducing Mark and Brock who wish to stay in their wolf forum just nodded and went to stand on all fours on either side of Matthew and Teas. Before Lee could turn around, Tammy made a small throat clearing sound, as a huge half human-bat demon thing appear from the door.

Stepping in through the door the human-bat demon was heading for Lee when all of a sudden, Alex leap to his feet with his hands on both of his swords. "Whoa take it easy!" The half bat said quickly as his hands rose to stop Alex from doing something crazy like trying to slice the half bat to ribbons. "Please let me change into something abit more less threating." The half bat spoke aging lowering his hands.

"Can I kill him please Lee?" Alex asked glaring at the HB (half bat) as his fingers did a tip-tap on his twin sword. Not getting a reply Alex started to move towards the HB, when his cloth shorts got snag by something. Turning around he found it out to be Silver.

With his hand grip tightly on Alex's shorts and eyes glued on the HB. Silver all but drool over the man bat creature, as the creature stared back at him with the same (Aww.) "Please Alex leave him alone?" Silver beg not taking his eyes off the strange creature which he found frighten, evil, and demonic. Yet some part of Silver found the bat creature very, very mesmerizing, and safe with it.

"He's right brother and we don't want a fight at the moment right?" Tammy said putting her hands on her brother's hand. "Good now well anyone wants a drink or some raw meat?" Tammy once aging spoke as she snickers at the last few words. Getting the orders Tammy rushes out the room leaving Lee and the others to begin talking.

As soon as the green hair girl left the HB ask 'if it was all right to turn to a less dangers thing.' With a nod as the only answer from both Lee and Alex, the HB gave a nod of his own. Putting his hands together and began chanting. "By the iceewinds of the dead and the fire of hell, I invoke the contract with the King of The Dam. I return the half of my soul to you as the contract states. As I will so let it be."

Saying the words the way he did the HB's body began changing: his claws turn back to human hands, his body mass and height shorten, and finally his head turn from that of a demonic face to that of a human. Stretching his body out with a sigh, he also gave a half grin as he heard a small but loud enough gasp. Which came from Silver, as his huge brown-silver eyes behold the HB that turn to be Dr. James?

With all eyes on him James made a small laugh that brought everyone including Silver out of the daze of shock. "I guess you all have never seen an Ancient Master before?" James asks looking around the room landing his eyes on his prize, Silver who was not only burning a hole in James, but also had a look of wanting. "May we begin the talking or something?" Jams asked after a few minutes with no response of what so ever. "Good. Now Silver may I sit next to you... please?" James spoke once aging after getting a nod from Lee.

"Y...yes you m...may." Silver studded to say as James began walking over to him.

James stopped dead in his tracks as one of Alex's blades was pointed at his neck. "You would be very wise to not take another step you vampire reject." Alex said coldly as James look down at the sharp object pointed at his neck.

"And if I were to refuse your comment, what would you do?" James asked back as he pushed the blade away from his neck with two fingers.

Getting fed up with the little argument of whatever it was between Silver and them. Matthew stood up and said "That is enough from both of you! Now sit down and shut up, so we can talk...Now!" His voice was that of loud thunder, you know with a loud and strong (BOOM) that shook the house a bit. Both Alex and James just nodded their heads in union, as they gaze at a half man – wolf. "Good now sit!" Matthew orders watching both men drop into the couch both beside Silver.

"Here we go I have tea: Oolong, cherry, ginseng, and black berry. I have some left over ham and roast beef, and some mix fruits. What would you all like to have?" Tammy asked as she enters the living room once aging. Not noticing the tension coming out the three men sitting on the couch. Once the tray of offer eatables and drinkables was set down, she then notice all the tension coming off the three men on the couch that each look shock and confuse in a different way.

Shaking her head Lee signed "It's nothing. Please serve everyone Tammy." To Tammy before she could ask what the heck was going on with everyone including three on the couch? Then she signed for a cup Oolong tea and told Tammy to take the blow of mix fruit over to Silver who was starting to look less shock as he eyed the fruit like a hungry wolf. Which Tammy was all but happy to do, not wanting to get something started.

After giving everyone abit of everything from the tray, they are started talking about what happen, and how they knew Silver was an Elemental. The only thing they didn't talk about was about James and Silver relationship. That was between James and Silver and god know they would have a lot to talk about.

*~*~*

In Silver's Dream

Darkness pure darkness was all that Silver could see as he walked for what seem like hours. "Is anyone there?" Silver yelled a bit frighten as he scampers around looking and trying to find any forum of life or a forum of light to brighten the Pure Darkness that shroud him. "Please... answer me... I beg you." Silver pleaded once aging as he kept moving in the darkness. Not getting any kind of answer from the darkness Silver drop to his knees and started to cry. Not out of fear, but of being alone and of the unknown that the darkness held.

"You... we need to be with them... with him, he... they complete us." A strong but softy low voice spoke out from the darkness.

"Whose there... answer me now!?" Silver ask the Darkness as he jump to his feet and scanned around the Darkness to see what or who was speaking to him.

"I am you... you are I... we are us. And we need to be with them." The voice spoke once aging from within the darkness, still not showing itself to Silver. "You must trust me... us... yourself. I... we know what's best for you... us." The Dark voice said aging but this time with more kindness, love, and hope in its voice. Wishing Silver to believe in it, but really who would believe in a voice with no body to it.

"Ok I will trust you whoever you are." Silver answer back before he began fading from the darkness.