 In the bedroom, Neal stands Lance beside the bed. In one swift motion, he yanks down Lance's cut offs and kicks them aside. His own disrobing is similarly swift. Clothing has become superfluous in their lives.

Two old men lie naked on what seems to have become their mutual bed, talking gently, smoking the smooth pot, touching each other lightly and often. Their nakedness together has become so common as to be their normal state when they are "in". Their familiarity with one another's aging bodies is profound. 

Lance has been telling Neal about his work, his books. The current one, a sci-fi thriller titled TPC 2052, takes place in a future time when the electric company and the government are the same, but is essentially a love story. Incredibly, Neal has never read any of his books. Very quickly, Lance feels his narrative is dissolving into bragging. He segues into a long description of his life with Martha, their likes and loves, their trials and truths; his one instance of infidelity with his female publisher at the beginning of his fame. The heavy dues he had paid convincing his dear Martha to forgive, the years more it had taken her luscious body to forgive him.

Lance rises from their bed, crossing to the bathroom. Neal's eyes follow him across the room. He knows every tight muscle, every flabby ass cheek, every lump and bump and curve and whorl in Lance's body. It is impossible, even now, for Neal to be around Lance's naked body and not have his eyes drawn to that prodigious hunk of flesh swaying heavily between his legs. He imagines for a moment what it must have been like for Martha to have taken that giant organ into her body. A surge of sexual excitement flashes over him for a moment, his face hot and red.

Neal rises to meet lance as he returns. He pulls Lance's naked body against his, instantly aware of the massive presence against his own cock and balls. Softly, gently he kisses Lance full on the mouth, moves his face away. "No talking. No thinking. No analyzing, feelings only. Will you let me make love to you?"

The seriousness in Neal's eyes and voice create a huge lump in Lance's Adam's apple. He can barely speak. "Yes," he finally manages to murmur.

Neal slides to his knees, kissing neck, nipples, navel on the way down. By the time his lips encounter Lance's penis, it is turgid, throbbing. "I love the way you get hard so fast," Neal says, enclosing the swelling member with both hands. He extends his tongue fully, licking around and around the flared ridge, holding the long loose foreskin back with his hands. "I love all this," Neal says, moving the foreskin all around with his hands and licking over and under it. "I love the taste of you, the smell of your cock."

The lovers remain in this position for some time. Over and over again, Neal skillfully brings Lance to the brink of orgasm, then slows down, begins anew. Soon Lance's legs are shaking, his voice a keening wail. His legs give way and he falls back onto the bed. Neal follows, kneeling astride Lance's neck. He takes a firm hold on Lance's head. "Open," he commands, slowly sliding his hot wet dick into Lance's compliant mouth. He kneels straight up and, holding Lance's head firmly, fucks deep into Lance's throat over and over, setting up a natural fucking rhythm, the bed bouncing and shaking beneath them.

Lance assumes his role, sucking hard on the long, thin, hard cock that pierces him, rolling his tongue around and around inside his mouth. As Neal's thrusts quicken, thumping the back of lance's throat over and over, Lance fights the gagging sensation, holding Neal's cock tight with his teeth at its base and swallowing over and over. The sharp teeth, the swallowing sensation brings Neal's cock to new heights of exquisite aching ecstasy

Lanes reaches to cup Neal's firm ass cheeks with both hands, cheeks dripping with liquid from his cock and Lance's mouth, flowing across Lance's chin and neck and upper chest. Using the liquid as lube, Lance quickly insinuates his index finger into Neal's tight puckered ass hole. Neal jerks away from the invading finger, plunging his cock even deeper into Lance's throat. Lance's insistent finger follows, piercing deeper and deeper, twisting and turning, probing. Neal's thrusts now take on the frenzy of sexual insanity alternately plunging his cock forward into Lance's deep throat and thrusting his ass back onto Lance's thrusting finger.

When lance inserts the second finger, pushing deep, Neal cries out and spurts a quick dollop of cum into Lance's throat. Keeping both fingers seated deep, stroking the prostate, Lance grasps Neal's ass with his free hand and holds Neal's groin tight against his face. Neal falls forward, supporting himself with his hands above Lance's head and Immediately looses a stream of cum. Lance sucks hard, drawing a steady stream of cum from Neal's Prostate. 

After a very short time, Lance is forced to push Neal's body from his face, oxygen being necessary to sustain life. Neal rolls off Lance, pauses only a moment, then rolls again, onto all fours. He lays his head on the pillow, ass sticking up in the air, cock still dripping onto the mattress below. He looks back under his left arm at Lance. "Do it," he says simply, "fuck me!"

Lance is taken aback at first by Neal's act of submission. He moves to comply with his lover's request. Using the flat of both hands, he begins to massage the tight round globes of Neal's ass. Leaning forward, he plants a sweet soft chaste kiss in the middle of each cheek. The scent of his partner is strong: the sharp tang of athletic sweat blended with Neal's faint sandalwood oil, the cloying bleachy odor of spent cum and a hint of raw ass. The smell inflames Lance, his cock pulsing and jumping for attention. He takes its solid mass in hand and lays it atop Neal's backside, at the base of his spine.

Neal gulps. Lance's cock is a heavy living presence, lying atop him, throbbing and jerking. 

Lance takes it slow and easy, tenderly caressing Neal's butt and the backs of his legs with both hands, then running the back of one finger oh so lightly from the base of Neal's balls to the top of his crack. Lance leans and covers Neal's ass and the backs of his legs with hundreds of tiny nipping bites, licks and sloppy kisses. Neal's legs are trembling, his breath coming in short noisy bursts. "M..more...m...more," he manages to eke out.

Lance reaches from behind and draws Neal's long slender beautiful cock and full, tight balls back between his legs. Holding them cupped there in one hand, he slides his own massive member down along the ass crack to nestle and rub with Neal's, then back up, then down again. With each passage up and down Neal's crack, lance's large cock leaves an ever increasing tail of slick pre-cum.

Twice, Neal attempts to thrust himself back at Lance's advancing cock, but Lance restrains him. Lance cannot bring himself to actually tongue Neal's ass crack to moisten it, so he positions his mouth at the deep indentation at the very top, kissing and nipping and slobbering, his saliva running down Neal's crack to mingle with the pre-cum already deposited. Slowly, very carefully, Lance uses two fingers to smear the slippery liquid all around, and slightly into Neal's tight pink puckered ass hole All the while, Lance's other hand maintains its grip on Neal's cock, now restored to its full hardness, stroking it, now rapidly, now soft and slow again, sliding the tight foreskin on and off it's glistening pink head. 

"Go ahead, do it. Please," Neal implores.

"Ssh, ssh," is Lance's only reply

Very cautiously, Lance explores, inserting one finger up to the first knuckle.

"Whoo," Neal breathes.

Lance bends his finger, turns it, flicks it, pulls outward on the rim of Neal's tight hole, stretching it. Gently he slips one finger deep as it will go. Neal moans, "Yes." Lance follows immediately with a second finger, moving more quickly this time, pulling, stirring, twirling, flicking the two fingers rapidly. He pushes deep, discovering and rubbing his fingertips against Neal's prostate. Immediately, copious amounts of fluid begin to ooze from Neal's cock, wetting Lance's palm. Releasing Neal's cock, Lance brings this fluid to play, lubing a third finger he immediately slides in to join the other two. Now he begins a slow in-and-out motion, finger fucking his lover.

Though his three fingers do not nearly approximate the thickness of his cock, Lance decides the time has come. He slips his fingers from Neal's tight ass hole. Neal's voice expresses loss and disappointment as the fingers leave him.

Neal is surprised that so far there has been very little pain, though he knows that ordeal is yet to come, has known it well before he decided to do this, to take Lance into himself. He feels Lance repositioning himself behind him, feels Lance's hands firm on is hips. Suddenly a great fear rises in him. He sees a picture of Lance's prodigious cock in his mind, imagines it entering . . . his hips involuntarily move slightly away from Lance.

"Are you okay, Neal?" Lance asks tenderly. We can stop this. It's okay, really. I don't have to do this.

"I. . . I want, er, it, er you. I don't know what it is. I just know I want you, need you inside me. You are the one to think and analyze, I just feel what I want, what I need."

Lance takes his giant cock in hand, rubs it firmly up and down Neal's crack, spreading the lube that nearly gushes from him now. He shifts his knees, releases his hold on Neal's hips, holds his cock in his right hand, uses the fingers of his left hand to help spread Neal's tight cheeks, and presses the plum-sized head of his cock against Neal's anal ring. "Are you ready, my friend. It's time.

Neal's pulse is pounding with fear and passion. Somehow, inexplicably, as his panic rises, so does his level of excitement. Oddly, the more he fears penetration by Lance's huge cock, the more he craves it. His anal sphincter keeps trying to clamp closed, but he struggles to relax it open. "Yes," he tells Lance, do it, please, take me."

Lance presses forward firmly. The pink wrinkled entrance to Neal's insides puckers slightly outward, as if kissing the lips of Lance's cock and suddenly, Lance's fat cock head pops into Neal.

"OW!" Neal screams in pain.

Lance pauses. Now that he is in, he leans over his lover's back, gently stroking his back and arms and thighs. He whispers softly, nibbling the lobe of Neal's ear as he speaks. "I am in you. My cock is inside you. Feel me Neal. Feel my cock throbbing in you. I want you so bad. I never thought . . . but never mind. I want you, I need you, Take me into you, Neal"

Neal presses his firm ass back against the intruder as Lance pushes forward. The pain increases to a white-hot intensity as the huge cock penetrates deeper. "Oh god, oh my god," Neal cries.

"Ssh hush, hush, it's okay, it'll be all right. Try to relax. Oh damn Neal I hate hurting you."

"It's okay, I'll be all right. Just, just pause a sec, let me, let me . . .Hoo."

Lance waits and waits, not moving is hips, but moving his cock, caressing, as it were, Neal's ass from the inside. He waits. When he believes Neal is ready, he leans over him once more, whispering as before. Suddenly his teeth nip painfully at Neal's shoulder.

"Ouch," Neal cries, drawing his shoulder away, but his ass toward Lance, who takes advantage of the reaction to plunge his swollen cock the rest of the way in.

"Oh Neal, oh god Neal, feel me in you, take me in."

"Yes. Yes. Take me. God you are so big. I feel like my whole body is filled with you.

Lance pulls out a few inches, then back in. He knows the resumption of movement will cause Neal pain. . . His mind flashes back to that single defining moment on that Florida beach so long ago. That road not taken and now revisited. He did not take that chance and lost that love. He would not forgo satisfaction again. He would seize the day, seek fulfillment, gamble on love. Reluctant as he is to hurt his new-found love, lust begins to overtake him. He pulls his hard hot cock nearly all the way out of Neal then slides back in. Neal is moaning and thrashing under him, crying out in fear and pain, but he goes on. 

Lance soon sets up a steady rhythm. Neal's reluctant rectum still seeks to reject him, still tries to form a tight barrier to hinder his penetration, but he will not be stopped. His pace quickens. 

Neal's world is filled with a brilliant white pain, so searing it transcends all thought, all passion. 

Not only in his ass now, it seems to emanate from an inner source, to define his being. Not just a huge cock, but a tremendous, overpowering force possesses him. Inherently, instinctively he knows that his pain is borne of resistance, but he cannot let go. He struggles, not with the pain, not with the force of the massive cock impaling him, but with the competing forces of power and liberation within his own soul. 

Lance, too, empowered by Neal's resistance and by his own towering need, is rapidly losing control. His cock, so tightly confined, aches with the painful need for release. His mind, his heart, seeks its own relief. Grief and fear and doubt flood up from within him, demanding release. Emotions mix and surge and drown one another until need and lust and want and grief and pain all are one. On the verge of losing consciousness, he plunges past all physical, emotional and mental barriers. Like a man gone mad with passion, he begins to slam harder and harder into Neal.

On and on it goes, pummeling, battering until all defenses are breached, all walls crumble. Neal's pain reaches a repetitive plateau, pain and pleasure and the constant friction of possession at last wear him down. His knees weaken, wobble, he collapses, nearly unconscious, onto the bed. And now, finally, all resistance leaves him, his muscles desert him. The double sphincters that have so long held tight against the invader, now open fully. Lance's raging penis now slides easily in and out of his depths. An all-new feeling washes over Neal. The constant motion of the cock inside him, the massive living presence of his lover within him is all-powerful. It is as if his lover's entire body and soul has entered, possessing him, body and soul, filled him with the bright flash of Lance's fierce liberating love. Intense pleasure such as Neal has never known, blasts through him. He begins to experience the ultimate joy, the ultimate release of total surrender, the delight one can know only from giving oneself fully to another.

Looking down at Neal's body, fallen onto the bed, Lance can readily see the bright red inside Neal's rectum, now wide open and welcoming, can see his cock plunging in and out effortlessly. He feels Neal's surrender, plunges on, overwhelmed with love and gratitude. His cock now brushes Neal's prostate with each avid stroke. The grief, the hate, the anger, the love culminate in a red hot ball behind his eyes; exploding into glorious fireworks as his orgasm strikes without warning. " OH!" he cries, falling heavily atop Neal, burying his heavy cock to its hilt as he releases a flood of white hot cum. All his hate, his fear and grief flow with his cum, cleansing him. Lance's calm, warm appreciation of Neal's acceptance, his openness, his willingness to surrender, completes the serenity.

Beneath him, Neal, awash in a sea of self-loss, feels Lance's cock inflate, jerk and release a flood of cum deep into his bowels. This culmination, this flood of semen and emotion, an impregnation of sorts, is the final act of possession, breaking loose all vestiges of control, freeing Neal from himself. A long drawn our moan of relief and release flow from his lungs as a long constant stream of cum is released into the mattress below. 

A few moments later, though neither man has recovered, each notices the other is softly weeping. No words pass between them, but they shift positions to allow them to rest in each other's arms. 

Much time, perhaps an hour, passes before either man can move. Each burns with the desire to share his life-enriching experience with the other, but neither can find the words to communicate the love, the awe, the respect with which each now holds the other.

Neal glances over at Lance, lying peaceful beside him, a light smile playing across his face. Wordlessly, he takes his hand like an infatuated teenager, squeezes lightly. His own face is lit with the brightness of a large grin. Even the raw soreness in his backside is cause for elation, a reminder of the recent awe-full discoveries about life and love, and yes, about himself,

At the contact from Neal's hand, Lance's smile widens to a silly grin. He squeezes back. His heart, his soul is lightened as it has not been for some time. Martha's long illness, her ultimate surrender to the evil that had invaded her body, the arrangements, the funeral, the empty 'thank-you's'; All had shrunk his capacity for joy. As he watched, helpless -- her gargantuan battle: her love of the arts, her joy at life, even her love for him, waging, raging, but ultimately waning, losing her hopeless war with the life stealing enemy -- his own life force had dwindled within him, the light dimming, waning, ebbing but not quite out. But now this glorious 'thing' this, this overwhelming life-affirming - person- 'thing'. He shakes his head in disbelief at the good fortune that has found its way to him through his misery and grief. "Could this 'thing', this presence, this, this marvelous, wonderful, joyous 'thing' , could it be love? Is it possible that he. after all these years, is in love with a man? Well he finally decides, it matters not. What matters to him is Neal. The only word to express the open, joyous, loving spirit that has entered his life is: Neal." he turns to gaze again. Neal's face glows, beaming surprisingly youthful. Lance begins to speak, " Neal, I. . ."

Simultaneously, Neal speaks, "Lance, I. ."

They break out together in gales of raucous laughter. Ten minutes later they are still laughing, holding their aching bellies. Each time one looks over at the other and sees him laughing, the guffaws begin anew. Finally, they wind down, arms lightly thrown over each other, gasping, and occasionally laughing again, slowly subsiding and regaining their composure and their breath.

"You were saying," Neal says humorously, sputtering, and almost begins again.

Neal sits cross-legged on the bed and Lance moves to imitate him. Facing one another, Indian style, knees nearly touching, they finally find the serenity to speak. "Did I hurt you," Lance asks.

"No well, yes, uh quite a lot, but, no, in a way, not really."

Lance is reluctant to ask the question. It is one men rarely ask one another. "You, uh, you were, uh, crying. Did I hurt you that much?"

"Well, yes, I was crying, so were you I noticed."

"Yes, but I'll talk about that later. First you tell me, why were you crying?"

"I was weeping because, I am not sure I can put it in words. I was, so, so overwhelmed by, by a, a flood of new feelings and emotions."

"Can you tell me more?"

"Okay, cool, yeah, maybe, but look, Lance, bear with me okay. I may get some of this wrong, may have to think about it and talk about It for a long time, if I ever get it right. "Last night, er, I guess I mean today, was, was unbelievable." Neal blushes all over his body, his usual pale whiteness suffused with bright red. "This is difficult," Neal says. " What you did, I mean what we did. I, well, I had been thinkin' wondering about doing that ever since, well, er since we met. But I, Jesus Lance, I had no idea. Has it, have you, uh, that is, have you ever had er, 'it' done to you?"

"No, Neal, I haven't, but I have thought about it, quite a bit, fantasized about it, er, quite a bit."

"Well, I am here to tell you I almost quit, almost begged you to stop. You, that is your, uh, dick, is so fucking huge that I thought for a while it was going to permanently damage me, split me in two, it felt like. But then there came a point. It's hard to describe. But finally there I," (looking down at the bed, avoiding Lance's eyes.) "God this is hard to say, so I am just gonna come out with it. I gave up, gave in to. . . well, to you, to your body and, and everything. Funny thing is, once I, er, surrendered, like, myself totally to you, all sorts of glorious and beautiful things started to happen. It was as if," (now he looks straight into Lance's deep blue eyes) "as if giving up, letting go, made a space that you filled, allowed joy and pleasure and love to flood in, to fill me, just as you were filling me. And that's when the tears came."
