 By

Jason Land

CHAPTER 1

The room echoed with the inimitable sound of a well applied cane mating with a pair of well muscled buttocks. Valerius Titus Nero was in process of correcting an errant slave and the final stroke of the switch he was using left the tenth livid furrow across the recipients arse. 

"Stay exactly where you are, bent across that table and spread your legs," commanded Valerius, as he dropped his tunic and stood there as naked as the slave he had just finished beating. His cock, which was his pride and joy, was already a rock hard rod some nine inches in length, primed by the homoerotic experience of beating naked arse, an act which always gave Valerius intense satisfaction. He motioned to another young slave who was present, to oil his fellow slave's anus and then had the slave oil up his own cock. Valerius showed no embarrassment or reticence in having one of his slaves make finger contact with his cock as he applied the lubricant. Once fully prepared, he advanced on the waiting fuck hole and with no preliminaries, thrust his man-meat deep inside the young slave, who let out a howl of pain at the brutality of Valerius's attack. But Valerius cared nothing for his slave's feelings, who had twice in the past few days been clumsy in serving his master. This time he had spilled hot broth over Valerius's tunic for which he was now being punished. Valerius like nothing better than to bugger an arse he had just thrashed. It gave him immense satisfaction and he exercised his powers with vigour, culminating in an enormous climax when he shot a huge wad of creamy cum, a testimony to his virility, into his slave's rectum.

But who is, or rather was, Valerius Titus Nero and where did the little scene just described take place? Well, we are in the year 79 AD in the city of Pompei situated on what we today call the Bay of Naples in southern Italy. It is strange that we today refer to events in the pre-Christian Roman Empire, in term of AD, Anno Domini: in the year of the Lord. Dedicated historians manage to date things which happened some two thousand years ago and not only name the exact date but give the precise hour at which events took place. 

But to come back to Valerius Titus Nero: he was the only son of Marcus Publius Nero, a man as rich as Midas, the richest man by far in Pompei, a city of some 20,000 inhabitants , the richest city south of Rome whose inhabitants were, by repute, richer than the Romans themselves. The family name was the same as that of the recent tyrannical Roman emperor, Nero, but there was no family connection. Nero was usually a given name, but in this case, it was the name of the family. However, thanks to his wealth and prominence in the city, Marcus Publius Nero had adopted and practised a style redolent of the dead Emperor himself.He considered himself and his family a cut above any others and showed it in the treatment and condescension he dispensed. 

The Nero family lived in the biggest villa in Pompei. I say villa, but in fact, it was more akin to a palace, situated on the edge of the city on the gently rising slopes of the tree-lined mountain called Vesuvius. Behind the villa, the green slope of the mountain rose towards the summit whilst from the front there was the most incredible, breathtaking view of the bay of Naples, with Naples itself to the north and the rocky massif of the Sorrentine peninsula jutting out into Mediterranean to the south. Valerius, as the only son of the house, was completely spoiled by his father, Marcus Publius, who had lavished every luxury on his son from his earliest age. Now aged twenty, Valerius occupied a suite of rooms in the paternal villa, a house which few Romans could dream of; he also had a large number of slaves to do his bidding.

Pompei itself was a rich city and populated by wealthy Romans, wealthier than those who lived in Rome itself. In terms of what we today would call infrastructure, Pompei was very well equipped. It had several aqueducts bringing fresh water into the city from the surrounding hills, no less than twenty-five fountains, four public baths (the Romans were keen on bodily cleanliness, an attribute, alas not followed by later generations for nearly two millennia). There were several brothels and that key place of entertainment: the arena. The arena played a very important part in Roman life. It was there that the populace went to be entertained, watching fellow humans being killed in a variety of gruesome ways. The amphitheatre was also the place where "criminals" were executed in ways which defy the imagination. The Romans had a gruesome inventory of methods of putting people to death, none of them quick or painless. The Romans liked to think of themselves as a civilised, cultured people, who in many ways they were, but they also had utterly barbaric traits themselves and to refer, as they often did, to many other peoples as barbarians, was truly a case of the kettle calling the pot black.

If Roman men in general were preoccupied with sex, the denizens of Pompei were totally obsessed by it and in particular by the male sex organ, the penis or phallus, which figured in many bass reliefs and wall paintings inside villas and was the subject of many graffiti of which the Pompeians were inordinately fond. Other Romans referred to Pompei as "Sin City" implying that sex was a sin, which when one considers what Romans throughout the empire did, beggars belief. The Romans had some very strict views about sex, which was such an important component of their daily life. There was no shame attached to men having sexual relations with other men. In theory a Roman was free to fuck an inferior such as a slave but would never allow the inverse. However, in practice, sexual attraction being what it is, legalisation, as ever, was ignored and young Roman men did indulge in anal intercourse with each other. In other words the situation was more or less normal. The only difference between Rome and elsewhere, other than Greece, which was also a hot bed of homosexuality, was that homosexual relationships (there is no one word in Latin for homosexual, by the way) were considered quite normal and it was quite common for a married man with a family to indulge in anal sex with another man. So, in this context, young men, such as Valerius, were free to give full rein to their fantasies: nothing was really forbidden.

The streets and buildings of Pompei were littered with references to sex and the male sex organs, cock and balls, figured graphically everywhere. Graffiti with explicit reference to sex were to be seen written on walls around the town, often very explicit, rude and downright venomous, no one was spared, for innuendo was not the order of the day. Just take a look at the following:

"Quintus Aurelius is fucking Olivia, Lucius's wife, who thinks her husband can no longer get it up. She is naïve. Lucius prefers Olivia's eighteen year old brother, Titus."

"Watch your hole! Gaius Marcus has a wandering dick and will dock it anywhere. He shafted three men in the public baths yesterday."

"Weep, you girls. My penis has given you up. Now it penetrates men's behinds. Goodbye, wondrous femininity."

In Roman society, there was, as everywhere else in the world, a certain number of men who were totally homosexual: gay as we would put it today and to this faction Valerius Titus Nero numbered. Not only was Valerius totally committed to sex with other males but he had made a vocation of it!

Sex was, for Valerius, the be all and end all of his existence. Practically no day passed without Valerius buggering some slave or other. Additionally since his eighteenth birthday, he had developed relationships with a number of other young Romans of similar rank in society to himself, with whom he had regular anal sex. Regular parties were held at which these young studs exercised themselves sexually with one another.

Before continuing with this story, it is perhaps worthwhile saying a few words about the position of slaves in Roman society. The Romans had what we today would describe as "catholic taste" in their choice of slaves. Men and women of more or less any race who had been forced or sold into slavery were acceptable to the Romans, so long as they were "fit for purpose". By fit for purpose the Romans understood that the person whom they had bought as a slave did exactly what they wanted him or her to do. The Roman slave had no rights: none whatsoever! Slaves were considered as goods or chattels of their masters, who had the power of life and death over them and were free to treat them well, badly or indifferently as the humour took them. This was the climate in which the young Valerius found himself and he was not slow to exploit it.

Valerius was approaching his twenty-first birthday at the time this story opens. Since the age of eighteen when he had realised that women were not for him, his greatest pleasure was watching muscular young gladiators fight to the death in the arena; muscles and big cocks were what attracted him and from his eighteenth birthday onwards he had dedicated himself to developing a fine body and enhancing his already generous endowment. He had several trainers both for his muscular development and for his cock and spent three hours every day in exercising his body and cock so that by the time he was twenty, he was a superb young man, adored by the slaves on whom he bestowed his bounty; and generous bounty it was, for Valerius sported a rock hard nine inch beautifully balanced cock which guaranteed his partner of the moment a monumentally satisfying fuck. And while the slaves had no option but to obey, most of them loved being shafted by their master.

Sex with other men was his most important pastime and one way and another he had thrashed and fucked all the younger male slaves of his father's household. There was nothing Valerius enjoyed more than to roast a slave's arse with a cane or whip and then go on to bugger his victim. And let us be clear, it did not take much to justify beating a slave. So the crack of the cane mating with naked flesh was an almost daily sound in the Nero household. 

Valerius had, however, his own body slave, a handsome young Greek called Antaneus, of the same age as himself, who served his master's every whim including frequently sharing his bed. Antaneus had been one of the normal house slaves when Valerius first noticed him and realised that he was a very desirable young man. And so after a first sexual encounter, Antaneus became more or less the private property of Valerius. Valerius enjoyed fucking Antaneus very much, but Antaneus, as a slave, had no reciprocal role to play with his master: he was always the receiver and never the penetrator. Valerius was also secretly envious of Antaneus's cock, which was as big as his own, but had been circumcised so that he displayed a magnificent knob or head, with a well defined rim, of which Valerius was secretly jealous. Of course, variety being the spice of life, the close relationship Valerius had with Antaneus did not stop him from fucking many of the other slaves as and when he felt so inclined.

Valerius's deepest secret wish was that Roman prejudice could be overthrown, for there was nothing he wanted so fervently as to have his own cock cut to match that of Antaneus. But Roman customs were such that only slaves were circumcised: Roman citizens never. Had Valerius succumbed to his own inner desires, then he would no longer have dared to expose himself at the public baths, as a cut cock would have exposed him to ridicule. And so Valerius had to nurse his desire in secret, for he loved going to the public baths to show off his magnificent physique and exceptional endowment to his fellow citizens: it was generally recognised that Valerius had the finest piece of man-meat in all of Pompei. Antaneus meanwhile was left frustrated by the fact that the law forbad him to have penetrative sex with his master and was forced to seek solace with his only option: other slaves. Both young men felt equally frustrated, restricted in their actions by the conventions of the times, but neither could express his frustration to the other.

As a sort of halfway house, Valerius went secretly to the best doctor in Pompei and, in strictest confidence, had him remove the loose excess of foreskin from the extremity of his penis, in such a way that the knob of his cock just peeped through the main veil of tissue which it enveloped. The net result was that Valerius had a cock, which when erect, had a well defined knob, albeit enveloped on a fine sheath of foreskin. It was the nearest thing he could do to imitate the results of a full circumcision and it certainly made a clear statement in phallus obsessed Pompei. And one has to admit that when rock hard as it often was, Valerius's cock looked very desirable. In fact Valerius was such good looking young man, he had difficulty in warding off the attentions of women in whom he had not the slightest interest.

Valerius and Antaneus had such a close relationship and it was always to Antaneus that Valerius turned when he needed deep sexual stimulation. So, among all the slaves, Valerius thought of Antaneus as his Anus Potissimus, translated loosely as his best fuck of all and it was under this title that Antaneus was known among all the other slaves, who were green with envy at the close relationship between him and their master. Valerius loved nothing better than to be in a close clinch with Antaneus, fucking his arse and running is hands over his muscular body. Roman law forbad a slave from having penetrative sex with his master or even with other Roman citizens, but there were moments, which grew more and more frequent as time passed, when Valerius felt thwarted by the law. Slave or not, he had fallen in love with Antaneus and would have happily accepted him as an equal partner had circumstances been different.

CHAPTER 2

For his twentieth birthday, Valerius's father had allocated to him a suite of rooms in the family villa and there Valerius was free to do as he wished in what had become his private domain. So, with money no object, he decided to purchase a group of handsome young slaves whom he could use to satisfy his own sexual appetite. Slaves in Roman times were bought and sold at public auctions, where they were usually displayed naked as the Roman buyers liked to inspect closely what they were getting. But Valerius wanted to be able to select ten young men who met his criteria perfectly, for he wanted to fuck young studs who had much the same image as himself. Valerius loved being in the presence of naked, handsome young men, who were also sexually well endowed and it was with this image in mind that he went to the nearby town of Herculaneum to visit a well known slave dealer called Albus Magnus, who had the reputation of selling high quality " merchandise" and at the same time maintaining a large stock from which to choose.

Valerius's reputation as one of the leading muscle studs of Pompei had preceded him and the dealer knew more or less immediately what Valerius wanted. What he did not know, however, was the number of slaves Valerius was contemplating buying.

"Show me a selection of your best undefiled stock of muscular young men aged between eighteen and twenty, who must have good sized cocks. And, I don't want any men who have been badly beaten and are scarred. Ideally, I want good clean stock, preferably virgin, but that, I suspect might be asking too much." Valerius did not beat about the bush; he told the slave dealer exactly what he wanted and waited to see what he would be shown. 

"Master, you are in luck for I have the finest selection of young studs between Sicily and Rome, There is not one other dealer, not one, who has the quality and number of physically perfect, young male slaves for sale that I have at the present time. Where else but here can you make your choice from some twenty young Macedonians, all aged just over eighteen years, all handsome, all well equipped where it matters most and all totally undefiled."

"Does that mean that business is bad at the moment, Albus? I hope that you a not going to try and pass off old hen as chicken so let's be seeing what you have to offer."

Indulging in what can but be described as verbal genuflection, obsequious in the extreme, Albus said: "Dominus Divine, Most Excellent Master, Sir, you do me an injustice. The young men I am about to show you, I acquired from another dealer in northern Greece just a few weeks ago. So, believe me sir, when I say that they are not shop soiled merchandise. I bought them because I know the market in this region. I know exactly the type of young man that rich Pompeians wish to acquire as slaves and, believe me, sir, when I say that these young men fill the bill exactly." 

"The seller, himself, acquired them some two years ago, as boys aged sixteen after they were forced into slavery by a Roman legion, intent on punishing an uprising in that region. The dealer saw that he had some top quality material in his hands and has handled them with great care ever since, to ensure that as they matured into young men, he would have an unbeatable selection of young studs to offer to a discerning clientele, such as your gracious self, Dominus. He has spent a small fortune on their physical development and training over the last two years and you will see that his efforts have yielded phenomenal results."

"Listen, Albus, cut the cackle and let me see with my own eyes what you really have to offer."

Well, to say the very least, Valerius was metaphorically blown away when Albus paraded before him some twenty young men all about six feet tall, all muscular and all of them handsome and totally unblemished. Valerius felt himself hardening at at the sight of such a quality display of young muscular flesh, the like of which he had never hitherto encountered. One or two young studs of outstanding quality, yes, but twenty: never before! Albus had not been exaggerating in his claims. These young studs were all truly superb specimens of young manhood, a joy to look at and, as Valerius was clearly thinking to himself, they all looked enticingly fuckable. He felt himself hardening just at the thought.

"Well, Albus, you certainly do seem to be able to deliver. Have them all stripped naked so that I can examine them in closer detail: I need to see their cocks and arses before I decide." 

This was a normal request in Rome at that time, as purchasers wished to see in detail what they were buying and it was quite common for slaves being sold in public to be subjected to such detailed scrutiny by a prospective buyer. As Albus had implied, these were all exceptional young studs, slaves or not and as he had boasted, it was true that it would be difficult to find the equivalent elsewhere. Valerius realised that today the gods were truly with him (he wasn't much of a believer, by the way, but like so many other young men, paid lip service to the various Roman deities as custom demanded) as he had clearly struck gold. So Valerius looked over the lads with a discerning eye and without saying anything to Albus, made a preliminary choice. He had Albus make all of them bend over and open their legs so that he could inspect their anuses and judged the state of their sphincters, a very important element for Valerius, loved nothing better than to stick his cock into a truly tight hole and have the recipient grip it firmly with his anal muscles. He finally firmed up on his choice and turned to the expectant Albus.

"So, Divine Master, was I speaking the truth or not? Are they not all magnificent young men? Any one of them would be a graceful addition to the complement of slaves such as person like your gracious self surely has. Have you any particular one in mind?" Albus desperately wanted to make a sale: to "close the deal" as we would put it today.
