 I have written elsewhere about my first encounters with another man. In fact I have had experiences with two men, albeit one was very fleeting. That is until this weekend just gone. This is the story of my Saturday night. Some of the names and details have been changed just to maintain the required discretion. 

It was the wedding of an old friend of mine. The sort of wedding you feel obliged to go to. I would not really know that many people at the wedding, if any. Our lives had gone along different paths, we lived nearly 200 miles apart. I had not even met the bride. To cap it all, my wife was unable to attend due to another commitment. 

So I was a little reluctant travelling to London and booking into the hotel which was hosting the reception. The wedding was in the afternoon and the dress code was black tie. I slipped into the back of the church and realised I really did not know anyone. The groom's family I had met before, but they were going to be busy with each other all day. I was flying solo.

At the drinks reception I chatted to one or two people and decided to help myself to as much fizz as the passing staff could fit into my glass. By the time we were called into dinner I was as sociable as a man alone at a wedding can be. 

I took my seat at the table and my fellow guests all introduced themselves. It was obvious that this was the table of random guests who did not fit elsewhere. Next to me was a friend of the bride. Claudia, a beautiful Australian and I guess aged late twenties. Her boyfriend was in the Army and unable to get to the wedding. His loss was my gain. She was beautiful and charming. And did not seem to mind chatting to a 43 year old married guy like me. 

Next to her was a guy called Mike. Probably early thirties. He said he worked at something in the City. Knew the bride through work. He had only recently started to see his girlfriend, hence she was not invited to the wedding. Next to him was Sophie. She was newly divorced and a university lecturer. Hence we were a little quartet of single (even if only for the night) guests, thrown together with some cousins on this table. 

As the evening wore on I was able to convince myself that, if we were properly single, I might even have a shot at getting more acquainted with the lovely Claudia. After the main course was cleared away the gorgeous Aussie said she wanted to chat to Sophie about her divorce a little. Some girly chat. She promised she was not abandoning me and asked Mike if he would mind swapping places with her so she could be next to her friend. 

Whilst the view was not quite the same, the conversation still flowed freely. Mike was one of the good guys. We talked about sport, a little bit of politics and about the delights and downsides of living in London. He was funny, with a dry sense of humour. He told me about his new girlfriend and the perils of internet dating. We drank plenty of wine. 

Then came the time for speeches. During the best man's cliched ride through his "funny" material I noticed that Mike's leg had come into contact with the outside of my thigh. It was barely perceptible. I bet he had not noticed. It remained there for, perhaps, a minute before he shifted in his seat and the contact was broken. 

After speeches the band started playing. Claudia dragged me on to the dance floor and I danced far more than I would have done had I been sober and there with my wife. Mike and Sophie joined us and we used our table from dinner as our base, to which we returned for drinks and respite from dancing. 

As the evening wore on I was sitting back at the table, nursing a cold beer. Claudia was now opposite me, surrounded by three men. Mike pulled out the chair next to me and sat down. As he did, Claudia flashed us the most amazing smile. 

"Do you know what Mike," I confided, talking slightly under my breath, "If I were a single man, I would probably make a fool of myself with Claudia. She is so gorgeous."

Mike leaned in to speak to me. Suddenly he was so close to my ear I could feel him exhale as he spoke. 

"She's attractive alright," he whispered, "but Claudia is not the one who I could make a fool of myself with, girlfriend or no girlfriend."

With that he sat back in his seat just as Sophie brought another round of drinks over. Instantly he joined her into our conversation and they talked about restaurants in London. Now his conversation with her seemed a lot more like flirting. Yet as they spoke I felt it again. His thigh against my thigh under the table. Perhaps a bit stronger this time, a bit more noticeable and for a bit longer. Then it was gone again. 

Soon the band played their last number and the reception began to break up. Claudia was full of charm and "we must keep in touch" as we air kissed. She and Sophie were sharing a taxi so Mike and I walked them to the front of the hotel and off they disappeared in a cab. I had only a tinge of regret at what a younger, single me might have been able to achieve. 

"If you are a resident, you can treat me to a night cap in the hotel bar," Mike interrupted my thoughts. 

It seemed fair enough. One for the road as they say. In the bar a Mike was every bit as good company has he had been all evening. He had that knack of seeming genuinely interested in you. We had more than one drink. I was feeling really quite drunk. The barmaid came round and said they were closing the bar but that if we sat in the lobby the night porter would still be able to serve us. I looked round. We were the last people in the tables. 

"Shame to go, the night is still young," laughed Mike. 

"The hotel room came with a complimentary bottle of cheap champagne. It is still in the ice bucket upstairs in my room, it is otherwise going to go to waste. Come upstairs and have a glass," I suggested. 

"I thought you'd never ask. But don't think just because you have got me in your room that I am going to be easy!" Mike laughed again.

And suddenly I began to wonder. Suddenly I began to think about Mike differently. My two previous encounters had been arranged over the internet. Anonymous connections with men for sex. I had never found myself attracted to a man. Suddenly the thought of being alone with this man, in a hotel room, made me have a tingle in my groin as we shared the lift. A shared lift that seemed to have an air of tension in it. 

We got into my room. The ice bucket was on the table and I immediately went over to it and began to hurriedly remove the foil. I heard Mike flop himself down on to the bed. I could feel my heartbeat faster. 

Mike spoke. 

"I was joking before. Now you have me in your room, I am that easy, if you are interested."

This time there was no laughter in his voice. I froze. The bottle was in my hand. Despite all that I had drunk, my mouth seemed dry. 

I could hear that Mike had stood up again. I could feel him approach me. A hand on my hip. 

"I think you might be interested," he spoke, his voice quiet, his lips almost on my ear, "just sex. Just for one night, nobody need know."

With that I turned to him and he was right there in front of me. I nodded. 

He needed no more assent from me. He immediately sank to the floor, sitting on his hip with his legs curled beneath him and his hand was on the front of my dinner suit trousers where he could feel the start of my erection. He tore down my zip and pulled me out into the open. 

"You should know I don't do anal," he told me, "but I do do this." 

And with that he took my almost fully hard cock into his mouth. I murmured as my cock swelled in his mouth. He looked at me. Looked me in the eyes as he slowly and languidly slid his mouth over my shaft. It was so slow and sensuous. He never broke eye contact as he sucked me. His head movements were so... tender. His eyes looked at me with such intensity. There was only one way to describe it. It was like he was making love to my cock with his mouth. He may have said it was just sex. But this was mind blowing sex. I almost came there and then. 

I realised I had not said a word. 

"Stand up," I told Mike, "and then lie back on the bed". 

He did as I said. There he was, lying on my hotel bed, still fully clothed in his black tie. I crawled after him, parting his legs and arrived at his waistband. I could see his arousal through his trousers. I undid the fastener at the top of his trousers. Then pulled down his zip. My breathing was heavy, my dick was still hard and hanging out of my open flies. 

I opened his trousers fully and then pulled them over his hips. He was wearing black tight boxer trunks. My fingers went to the elastic waist band. I pulled the trunks down. There it was. There was his cock. Hard. About an inch bigger than mine. Nestled in his pubic hair. I wrapped my fingers around him.

"Since the first moment I saw you in the church, I have wanted you to touch my cock," he whispered. 

So here I was, touching his cock and totally seduced by this sexy man. 

"Now suck me," he commanded. 

And I did. I sucked his big cock deep into my mouth. I massaged his balls with my hand. I let out a stifled moan as I sucked him some more. His hands were either side of my head, controlling my pace. He tamed my eagerness and moved my head with the same gentle rhythm that he had performed on me. 

"Claudia may have had good tits, but she couldn't do this. Make you feel like this. You love my cock," he almost taunted me. 

He pulled my head up so his cock fell from my lips. 

"I don't do anal, but I do do kissing," he said. And with that he guided me to lie down on top of him and our lips met and our tongues pressed deep in each other's mouths. 

I could feel my cock pressed hard against his and I began to grind myself against him. Dry fucking him. 

"I knew you were a horny fucker," he spoke into my mouth as we kissed. 

I grunted. My cock felt so good against his cock. My hand slipped between our bodies. I gripped both our shafts in my inverted fist and began to pump both our cocks together. 

He broke our kiss and moaned loudly. My neighbouring room could probably hear. I could not care. 

"Sit up," he spoke urgently. I did as he said. 

"Now stand up and take your trousers off. And your pants," Mike told me. 

Instantly I was semi naked before him. He sat on the edge of the bed and placed his hands on my backside and pulled me towards him. My cock once more disappeared in his mouth. 

I thrust into his head. If it seemed like love making before, this was just fucking. I was fucking his face. 

"Fuck yeah, that feels good," I moaned as I pushed myself into him. 

He pulled off my cock with a popping noise and told me to swap with him. As I sat down he scooted me forward so I was right on the edge of the bed, with my balls hanging over the edge of the mattress. He dropped to his knees and engulfed me once again. There then followed the most erotic few minutes of my life. His head twisted this way and that as he worked my cock, his fingers alternated between gently caressing and squeezing my balls. 

"Mike, mate, if you keep on doing this I am going to cum" I warned him.

He just moved quicker. Pressing his face into my groin and tracing patterns over my tight balls as I emptied them into his mouth. 

In the instant I stopped cumming he leapt at me and pushed me back onto the bed. He pressed his lips against mine and emptied a mouth full of my own spunk into my mouth. I had no choice but to swallow as he forced his tongue in as well. 

We were now lying towards the foot of the bed. Once he was satisfied I had swallowed everything he had in his mouth he climbed above me, his knees either side of my chest and his cock pointing at my mouth. I could not even remember when he had lost his trousers. His shirt was half open, revealing a body that put mine to shame. 

If I had not opened my mouth, his cock would have invaded anyway. But I opened up for him willingly and he entered my lips. 

As he thrust away I just concentrated on forming a tight seal on him and keeping my teeth out of the way. 

It was a good job I did not know either of my neighbours. Mike was now moaning loudly and filling the air with the sounds of sex. 

Man on man sex. 

"You fucking sexy cock sucker," he grunted. "Come on, take it you dirty slut."

And take it I did. He thrust deep into my mouth and shot his load over my tongue as he cried "fuck yes."

He climbed off me and fell onto the bed. I was exhausted. And exhilarated. We had been having sex together for over an hour. I had tasted his cum and my cum. The room was filled with the smell of sex. 

At that moment I passed out from both exhaustion and drink. When I woke the room was dark. I remembered the passionate sex from a few hours ago. But I was now alone. 

By the Sunday afternoon I was home. 

My wife asked me if I had met some nice and interesting people at the wedding. 

"Yeah, yeah some really nice people," I replied. 

"Good, glad you had someone to entertain you," she said. 

My phone beeped with a text message. It was a number I did not know. 

"Hi. I got your number from [the groom]. Sorry to cut and dash but I don't usually hang around after doing that with a guy. But then again I don't usually contact them again. However for you I will make an exception. That was great sex. So if you are ever in London again, on your own, contact me. As I said, I don't do anal. But then again I don't do seconds either. And I would for you. Mike x"

My cock was rock hard again.