 PRELUDE

Chad was buried balls deep in the pretty blonde's snug receptive asshole. Cody was flattened on the bed face down as Chad drove his 8" cock deep into the bowels of his first ever male lover. Cody's ass moved seductively under Chad whose strength and drive kept the slender blonde pinned under him. Chad's powerful buttocks clenched and unclenched as he pummeled Cody's ass. Chad's thick cock drove deep into the lovely ass and then retreated until only the head remained in Cody's rectum. Cody felt the rigid shaft drive in and out of the anal passage like a piston causing him to cry out.

"Oh God your cock is so thick in my ass, so deep. Oh fuck yeah, fill me with your big dick. Cum in me, I want to feel you shooting in my ass," Cody exclaimed!

Chad continued to fuck the shapely firm ass of his gay lover driving his cock into the warm recess. Chad sensed his release building in his balls and he knew that within minutes he would cum in Cody's hot ass. He felt the pressure in his scrotum just before he unleashed a torrent of semen into the shapely firm ass underneath him. Chad felt Cody's sphincter tighten around the shaft and squeeze every dollop of spunk out of it.

"Oh man, I feel it. I love it when you cum in my ass. I love your hot seed filling me up," Cody cried out.

Chad stayed hard and he slowly fucked Cody's ass as the semen coated his shaft. Sensitive to his weighty body crushing the petite blonde beauty, Chad rolled to his side keeping his cock in Cody's ass as he pulled him to the side. Chad's hands wrapped around and caressed Cody's body. Chad ran his hands over Cody's nipples and tight abs as they moved toward Cody's pubes. The back of Chad's hand brushed against Cody's erect cock causing it to twitch.

"Please hold me tight, pinch my nipples," Cody urged.

Cody took Chad's hand and guided it to the stiff dick. Chad took hold of the 6" slender erection and stroked it as he fucked the lovely ass again. Chad was not interested in another man's cock but he had gotten used to jerking off Cody and he loved to see and feel Cody shoot. Cody had an amazing capacity for ejaculations and he would have volcanic like orgasms when he came and his semen would shoot about four feet at times, particularly with his first of the day.

Chad kept fucking Cody until they both climaxed. Cody came twice before Chad shot his load in the snug ass a second time. The first time Cody ejaculated his cum shot passed his face and hit the bed headboard. The second time he came his seed hit him in the face and neck. Each time his cock pulsated, his sphincter tightened around the thick cock causing Chad to lose it and dump another powerful load in Cody's ass. 

Chad loved the feel of the smooth hairless skin against his body. It felt like he was holding a girl and he caressed the blonde's sexy body. His fingers danced over the pecs and teased the nipples. Chad then surprised Cody and himself when he nuzzled Cody and kissed him on the neck. The two of them remained on their sides until Chad's cock slowly deflated and slipped from Cody's asshole. Semen oozed out and trickled over a buttock. Cody held both of Chad's hands close to his chest as they cuddled together. 

"Kiss me again," he whispered sexily. 

Chad planted soft kisses on Cody's neck causing him to shiver in delight. They were in no hurry to get out of bed as it was a rainy Saturday morning and there was nothing planned for the day. It was the last weekend they would spend together as Cody was heading back to college on Monday. Chad planned to fuck the pretty blonde as many times as he possibly could before Cody left. By the time they were ready to get out of bed the semen had dried on Cody's body.

MEETING CODY

Chad Holden was 26 years old with an MBA who worked for his father's investment banking firm. The Holden's lived in a suburb of Atlanta and had a nice home with a swimming pool. Chad lived in his own condo as he didn't want his private life under the scrutiny of his parents. If he had a girl back to his place he could do that privately. That would not work in his parent's home. His younger 21 year old brother Chris lived at home but that was because he was still in college. Chris had just completed his junior year and was home for the summer. He would be returning to school in three weeks.

The parents were on a river cruise in Europe and would be gone for 21 days. It was Saturday morning and it was hot so Chad decided to use the family pool. He arrived at the house about 10:00 AM and found his brother Chris by the pool with four of his college friends. Chris was gay so Chad assumed his friends were too. They were all polite and easy to mingle with. Chad noticed that their eyes were on his 6'2" muscular frame when he got in and out of the pool.

There was one friend of Chris who was unbelievably good looking. He couldn't be called handsome because he looked so feminine. He couldn't be called cute and Chad decided that he was just beautiful. Cody was 5'6" and couldn't have weighed more than 150 pounds. His body was well tanned and his skin was hairless and flawless. He had long blonde hair that covered his ears and the nape of his neck. Chad watched him as he walked around the pool and admired his slender shapely body. He looked like a girl from behind with his lovely legs and curvy ass. The bathing suit was skin tight and showed off the shape and curve of his bottom.

"It's getting too hot for me guys. I going in the house and watch some of the golf tournament. It was nice meeting you. Enjoy the rest of your day," Chad told the group.

The guys responded that it was nice to meet him too. Chad went in the house, made a sandwich, got a beer and sat in the family room to watch the golf tournament. An hour had passed when Chad heard the guys down in the game room. He assumed that it had gotten very hot and that they came in to cool off. It wasn't long afterward that he heard soft voices and it was obvious that they were having sex.

Chad was not gay and had never had an encounter with another guy but his curiosity got the best of him and he walked downstairs. He was surprised but not shocked to see the five guys naked. Two of them were getting fucked from behind by his brother and another guy. The pretty blonde was getting his cock sucked by one of the guys getting fucked. Chad noticed that the two guys getting fucked had erections and that surprised him. He wondered how they could stay hard with a cock in their ass. He watched them for a few minutes and then just before he left he saw Cody look at him and smile. Chad went back to the family room leaving his brother and friends to enjoy themselves. He wasn't in the family room for five minutes when Cody appeared as naked as he was downstairs.

"Did you enjoy watching us?"

"Not really, I just satisfied my curiosity."

"I know your brother is gay. Are you?"

"No."

"Have you ever had sex with a guy?"

"No."

"I know that you are pretty impressed with me."

"Really, why do you think so?"

"Because you kept watching me at the pool, I know you like my ass. I bet you would like to fuck me."

Cody turned around slowly so that Chad could see his magnificent bottom. He was tan all over except for his buttocks and pubes. The tan lines further emphasized the shape of the lovely ass. Chad loins stir when Cody had his back turned toward him. Without his manhood visible he looked more like a beautiful girl with a killer ass.

"You would like to fuck me, wouldn't you?"

"You got the wrong impression."

"I don't think so. You have a boner."

Chad had put on a tee shirt and gym shorts after his shower. He didn't bother with underwear since he always liked going commando. He then realized that Cody was right and he did have an erection. Could it be that Cody's dynamite ass caused it? That was the only reason that Chad could come up with.

"You know Chad, I've been told that getting a blow job or having anal sex is as good with a gay as with a girl and many times even better."

"I'll take your word for it."

"Why not find out for yourself? The guys are busy downstairs. We are alone."

"I'm tempted Cody to see if you can do as good a job sucking my cock as Cindy, a girl that I am dating. But it is not going to happen in this room."

"Is there a place we can go?"

"Yes, to what used to be my room. I still use it when I'm here."

"Is it upstairs?"

"Yes and to the left."

Cody walked up the stairs and Chad was fixated on the undulating buttocks. Cody had gotten to him and he knew that if they were alone in the house that he would definitely fuck that irresistible ass. Chad still could not believe that he was agreeing to let Cody blow him but the guy was so damn pretty. He would just close his eyes and make believe it was Cindy.

They went into the bedroom and Cody sat on the side of Chad's bed. Seeing that Chad was nervous, Cody pulled Chad toward him and then he began to undress Chad. He slowly pulled Chad's shorts down purposely allowing the waistband to snag on Chad's cock. Cody smiled as Chad's big stiff cock bobbed in front of him as the shorts were lowered.

"Very impressive, you are indeed blessed," Cody said sexily as Chad pulled his tee shirt over his head.

They were both naked in the bedroom with the door closed and locked. Chad just closed his eyes as Cody's lips kissed the engorged cock. His body tensed as Cody's lips moved up and down the shaft and then Chad gasped as the warm wet mouth engulfed his cock. He still struggled with the decision if he should let Cody blow him. Chad was now turned on and Cody's mouth felt good on his cock so he decided to go through with it. He was a very accomplished cocksucker and in no time he had Chad ready to blow his load. Chad tried to prolong his ejaculation as long as he could. Cody caressed the back of Chad's legs and cheeks of his ass as the warm, wet, wonderful mouth sucked on massive cock. Cody massaged the head of the cock against the roof of his mouth. He encircled the cock with his tongue and Chad felt the light scraping of Cody's teeth. Chad's dick felt harder, thicker and longer than it had ever felt in some time and he knew he was going to shoot soon.

Cody took the cock out of his mouth and looked up as he stroked the entire length of it and massaged the bloated balls. He then put it back in his mouth and took it out again then he gently blew on it as his fingers continually massaged Chad's balls. Cody tickled the cock head with his tongue and teased the sensitive pee slit. He seemed to know when Chad was getting close, and he would do things making him last longer, torturing him in the process.

Cody looked up at Chad and smiled as he stroked the slick cock. Then he asked, "Are you ready to cum Chad"?

Chad had his eyes closed and he just shook his head in the affirmative. Cody then took the cock nearly all the way into his receptive mouth. He swirled his tongue around the length of the shaft, nibbled on the cock head and sucked hard. He reached under Chad's balls and rubbed the hardness between his balls and anus. Chad felt his cock thicken and he knew he was going to cum. There was no stopping him now. Cody grabbed both ass cheeks with both hands as Chad exploded in his mouth. 

"Oh god, oh god," Chad exclaimed as he experienced one of the best blow jobs in his life. 

Chad fired round after round of cum into the hungry mouth and Cody sucked and swallowed as fast as he could. Rope after rope of semen shot into Cody's mouth as Chad seemed to have an endless supply. Finally the barrage subsided but Cody sucked on the thick firm cock until he had drained every drop from the pulsating dick. Chad felt weak from the intense orgasm so he sat down on the bed next to Cody. 

"Wow, that was a big load, you really were horny."

Cody looked over at Chad and saw that he was still hard. "Chad would you like to fuck me? Have you ever fucked a girl in the ass?"

"Yes, a girl but never a guy."

Cody knelt on the bed, arched his back and seductively rotated his perfect bottom. "Would you like to stick your big thick cock in my ass?" 

"I don't know, maybe but I'm not doing it here."

"You have your own place don't you? Can we go there?"

Chad didn't have plans for that night as Cindy was visiting her parents for the weekend. He stared at the irresistible perfectly shaped ass. It was as if it was beckoning Chad to penetrate it. He had a desire to take it in his hands and massage the lily white globes. He was hooked and he just had to have it.

"I'll give you my address. You can come over tonight but I'm taking off right now."

"Great, I will see you this evening," Cody agreed and walked out of the room.

TAKING IT TO THE NEXT STEP

Chad stared again at the shapely ass and felt another twinge in his loins. He got dressed and left the house leaving his brother and his friends to their little orgy. He assumed that Cody rejoined the group probably to get his pipes cleaned. On the drive to his condo Chad kept second guessing himself about his decision to have Cody over. After he got home it seemed like an eternity before Cody arrived and a million thoughts raced through his mind. Once Cody did arrive things moved quickly and they were soon both naked in Chad's bedroom. Cody knelt on the side of the bed and wiggled his bottom at Chad inviting him to play with his lovely ass. 

Chad was rock hard and his meaty 8" dick looked obscenely big lined up with Cody's tiny pink rosebud. Cody had never had a cock as large as Chad's but he was confident that he could take him. Grabbing the buttocks in his hands, he pulled the rubbery edges of the sphincter apart with his thumbs. Using the bottle of lube that Cody had brought with him, Chad made sure that Cody was well greased for action. Chad pushed his cockhead against the snug asshole that resisted him at first. However, he calmly persisted and nudged his thick tip against Cody's taut pucker. He kept pressing into the backdoor until Cody's elastic ring yielded, dilated and allowed Chad's hardness to slip inside him. They both gasped aloud as Chad slowly penetrated the tight slippery orifice, his cockhead disappeared into Cody's butthole as if sucked in by a hungry anus. 

"Oh Chad, I can feel you sliding in me! Damn you're big, oh my God!" Cody panted as he felt his snug little hole stretching out around Chad's rock-hard girth. 

Chad's cock suddenly felt impossibly huge as it opened up the tiniest, most delicate, most private of gateways to his body. In spite of the intense pressure in his anus, Cody had a boner. He took it in his hand and stroked it as the thick cock moved past the sphincter. He stroked faster while he attempted to keep from cramping. It worked and his asshole stopped clenching around Chad's embedded muscle and the discomfort of having his sphincter stretched out diminished. It still felt strange, but in a good, arousing way. Chad's patience and his gentle caresses on the sensuous ass soothed Cody. The sense of naughty pleasure radiated from his dilated anus and his pulsing cock.

"Are you okay?" Chad asked Cody as he felt his asshole loosening a bit while his whole body relaxed.

"Yeah, much better, I think you can give me more now. I'm ready for more cock, Chad, give it to me."

Grabbing the bottle and pouring more lube right over his dick and the stretched sphincter, Chad started feeding more of his meat into Cody's tight ass. He went in as slowly as possible, pressing into his anus with shallow gentle strokes and then stopping, waiting, adding more lube and finally retreating a bit before restarting that gradual anal penetration all over again. Chad pushed himself a little bit further into Cody's taut rectum. Chad basked in the unique, irreplaceable sensation of fucking a beautiful male ass. It was a glorious, indescribable feeling, one that he had experienced just a few times in his life with girls. Cody was so tight that he seemed like an anal virgin. That made Chad delirious with desire as he sank more and more of his massive shaft inside Cody's marvelous ass. Chad knew he'd be eternally grateful to his slim blonde lover for allowing him to penetrate his tight little asshole.

By the time he had managed to wedge his entire length inside Cody's cock hugging rectum, Chad was on the verge of cumming. The look of the oily distended anus wrapped around the base of his dick and framed by those gorgeous splayed ass cheeks was incredibly erotic. However it was nothing compared to the feel of being buried to the hilt inside Cody's beautiful perfectly shaped ass. Not in his wildest imagination would Chad have ever thought that fucking a gay ass would bring him so much pleasure. He had crossed the line and he loved every second of it. He knew then that he would have to have Cody again and again. 

The virginal like tightness of Cody's asshole was exquisite. The slippery, velvety warmth of his anal walls snugly enveloped Chad's aching boner from tip to base. As he enjoyed the clenching spasms of Cody's anus, Chad gritted his teeth and tried his best not to cum too soon. He savored the delicious pressure of the spongy rectum holding firmly onto his dick, milking him and keeping his throbbing shaft cozily trapped in the anal depths. 

"You did it Cody! I'm all the way inside your ass! Your ass feels incredible, absolutely incredible! You were right; it is as good as any girl's ass, even better."

Cody was speechless, overpowered by the intense sensations that radiated from his stimulated anal nerve endings and prostate. Without even noticing the transition from discomfort to delight, he had started to enjoy getting anally penetrated, actually reveling in the feel of absolute fullness that made his rectum pulse with ecstasy. For Cody it was a revelation to have his asshole stuffed so full of cock.

"Chad, this is awesome to have so much cock in my ass. You are so deep in me, so hard and big in my ass!"

"You're fantastic, Cody! Your asshole is so hot and so fucking tight! You can't believe how good you look with my big dick in your beautiful ass."

Just before Chad picked up the pace, Cody instinctively wiggled his lovely bottom back against him. At first he gently moved his dick stuffed ass but soon he began rocking rhythmically back and forth, butt fucking himself while Chad held still. 

"This feels so good!" Cody moaned as he slid his stretched anus along Chad's tool in slow shallow strokes. He resumed stroking his own cock and cried out, "I love your big hard cock stretching my asshole!"

Chad let Cody follow his instincts and just watched as he worked his sweet round ass on the thick cock. Cody's shapely frame shivered in delight as he sodomized himself with longer and deeper self-fucking strokes, Chad grabbed the lube and added more of the slick fluid to the portion of his boner that Cody let glide out of his ass each time he rocked forward. 

"You're truly amazing Cody!" Chad exclaimed as he started to gently hump into the perfect bubble butt. "I mean it, you're so fucking hot!"

"Chad, fuck my ass," Cody panted, looking back at Chad with a look of desire on his beautiful face. "Really fuck my ass now, I need it!"

Chad let out a contented sigh and started moving inside Cody's warm oily asshole. He sodomized him slowly, gently, savoring Cody's heavenly tightness and losing himself in the spectacle of his dilated anus. Chad withdrew and then gradually pushed himself all the way back inside the smooth welcoming sheath of Cody's rectum. As Chad made love to his ass in a calm fluid rhythm, Cody felt light-headed with pleasure and he could barely find the energy to moan out his cry of ecstasy. 

Cody unable to speak and groaning incoherently, managed to make his wanton desires clear by pushing his round tush back into Chad's skewering shaft. Cody urged him to cram his dick harder and faster into his slick anal tunnel. Chad grabbed Cody's firm round bubble butt in his hands and began driving his stiff meat into the clingy anus with gusto. Cody and Chad butt fucked like animals, grunting and gasping together. Chad loved the rubbery grip that Cody's snug rectum had on his shaft, and he was glad he had used so much lube and took such a long time letting him get used to his girth. Without the lube that Cody had brought, Chad doubted he'd have managed to cram his big thick cock deep into his hot bowels; he was just so incredibly tight. 
