 New series! It's kind of a contemporary fantasy thing. Heehee...

Don't worry, I haven't abandoned Jackie and Roman. :3

Keep it real~

-----

Ky awoke that morning with a pounding headache and the unmistakable feeling of adrenaline coursing through his veins. He'd had nightmares before, but he remembered them in detail. This one he remembered nothing about but the fear. 

"Ky! Get your lazy ass out of bed and get some breakfast!" he heard his brother call from downstairs. Jamie was his legal guardian, and had been since their parents had died in a car crash a few years earlier. At twenty four, he was a moderate drinker and had a job as a gardener at this local nursery. He didn't stereotypically "garden" though. His job was moving the heavy rocks and things like that. Although he had an attitude and an ego fit for Narcissus himself, he was actually a thoughtful person. 

"Be right there," he hollered back. Ky more or less flopped out of bed. He trudged sluggishly down the hall to the bathroom and looked in the mirror. His black hair stood out in multiple directions, and his dark brown eyes were dull with sleepiness. He brushed his hair in a decent fashion and made his way to the kitchen where Jamie was setting a bagel on the table for Ky. He was drinking a Gatorade. 

"Good morning," Ky greeted his brother. He nodded, took a gulp of Gatorade, and left to his room to do whatever before heading to work. 

"Shit, Ky! You're an adult tomorrow! Happy early fucking birthday! Sign your own goddam permission slips," he heard Jamie's voice from down the hall, followed by a hiccup. 

Ky had remembered his birthday was tomorrow. He just didn't care that much. Big deal. 18. Yippie-ki-yay. 

He finished his bagel and went back to his room to dress into something decent. He pretty much threw on the first tee and first pair of jeans he saw. He slipped on a pair of Nikes, grabbed his bag, brushed his teeth, and waited by the door for Ashe. She drove up on her motorcycle not two minutes later. She was never too late. 

"See ya later Tiny!" Jamie yelled. Ky rolled his eyes. Jamie got a kick out of making fun of how short and skinny he was. Ky walked outside and waved to Ashe, helmet-less as usual. She was a pretty girl. She was interracial, half black, half white, so her skin was a beautiful natural tan. Ashe's brown hair was not quite shoulder length, and a little curly and poofy. She hated it, but Ky said that it was unique and had volume. Of course, she didn't believe him. 

"Ready for another lovely day at school, darling?" she greeted him. He sighed and hopped on the back. His friend was wearing a long black coat and black sunglasses. Ky often said that she reminded him of Neo from The Matrix. She would always squeal and exclaim, "I LOVE that movie!" Ashe was pretty much the only friend he had, and he was thankful to have her, although she was a little strange sometimes. 

The drive to school took about ten minutes, tops. Some kids that saw Ashe and Ky ride to school together every day jeered and teased about their supposedly "single" status. But they were only friends. She was the only one that knew that he was gay. He hadn't even told Jamie, the manly man that he was. 

He'd never met anyone that he'd been interested in. All the guys at his school were complete and utter douche bags. Not to mention the fact that Ky wasn't the most popular kid. His diminutive size and shyness didn't go over well with the "Powers That Be". 

Neither was Ashe, but for a different reason. People were afraid of her. She was known for her short temper and violent tendencies. She wasn't repulsed by Ky and he wasn't afraid of Ashe. Thus, they stuck together. 

Ashe parked at the edge of the lot. They dismounted the bike and walked to the school together, ignoring the looks from the other students. They entered the building. 

Ashe stopped abruptly. Ky looked back at her with one eyebrow raised. She looked around, then shook her head and said, "I'll be right back. Nature calls. Uh, actually, I'll catch up with you later." She walked away, in the direction of the bathrooms. 

Ky bit his lip and decided to head to the library. It was always quiet in there, a place where he could be alone. 

He took a seat in his usual back-corner-of-the-room seat and pulled out a random book, although he didn't feel like reading. He sighed and put it back. 

Ky heard the library door open and slam roughly. He looked up sharply. He took in a breath as he looked at the most gorgeous person he'd ever seen. 

His auburn hair was a little spiky, his eyes looked about frantically. He sighed and his distraught aura faded. His eyes fell on Ky. 

Ky swore his heart stopped for a moment. He figured that he was a new kid. A rather attractive new kid. 

He started to approach Ky, and Ky felt a knot form in his stomach and his hands start to shake. 

The newcomer sat across from him. Ky noticed his eyes were an enchanting green. "Eh...hey," he began. "My name's Ame. I'm uh... new here and I was wondering where Ms. May's classroom was. She's my first class."

Ky shifted in his seat. They had the same first class. "Well, we have the same class so I guess you could just follow me when they start." he thought he sounded seriously lame. Ame smiled. 

"That'd be great, thanks," he said. Ky felt relieved. "What's your name?"

"It's Ky. Ky Ross."

Ame gave a smile that put James Franco to shame. "That's a nice name." 

Ky hoped he wasn't blushing. "Thanks."

They talked some more. Ky learned that Ame also lived with his brother, but he wasn't too fond of him. 

"Stupid asshole. He's a no-good dropout with no future. He always wants stuff that other people have. He's a disgusting pig. I'm embarrassed to be related to him."

Ky was curious as to just how much of a 'disgusting pig' his brother was. Jamie left a lot to be desired as far as being a decent person, but Ky wasn't embarrassed to be related to him. 

They kept talking, and Ame told Ky that he and his brother had basically been kicked out by their dad, and were trying to make a living on their own. 

"It's no big deal though. We don't need that asshole anyway," he said, smiling. Ky couldn't tell if it was forced or not. 

Ky gave a small laugh, and the bell rang, signaling that classes were about to begin. 

"Follow me," Ky said, standing up. Ame got up and they walked together out of the library and down the hall. Ky led him to the American History classroom. They walked in together, and the room was almost empty except for a few kids and Ms. May. 

Class started, some kids staring at Ame, some texting under the desks, and a few, like Ky and Ame, actually payed attention. 

Ky and Ame were assigned to be partners for a project on the lives of the colonial Americans. They got most of it done in class, but they still needed time to finish it. 

"Come to my house," offered Ame. "We can finish it there. Will your brother mind if I take you to my place after school?"

Ky shook his head. "He doesn't get home until really late, so I don't think he'd care."

Ame smiled. "Great," he said. 

***

At lunch, Ky looked around, but he couldn't find Ame. He shrugged and sat with Ashe. 

"Have you seen the new kid?" he asked her without really meaning to. It just sort of slipped out. 

Ashe stared at him for a few seconds. Then, she nodded slowly. "Yeah. Why?"

Ky shrugged. "Just wondering. I'm going to his house after school to finish a project for American History."

Ashe gripped her fork tightly until her knuckles turned white. "Is that so?" she breathed. 

Ky nodded tentatively. Ashe continued speaking. "I don't think you should do that. What would Jamie think?"

"You know Jamie doesn't care."

Ashe bit her lip. "You just met him. Why are you going to his house?"

"Uh, I told you why." 

Ashe pressed her lips into a thin line. "He looks shady to me."

"YOU look shady!"

"Shut up. You shouldn't go over to his house."

Ky was becoming irritated. "Why not?!?"

Ashe was apparently becoming irritated also. "Because, you're gonna end up dead in a ditch!"

"Ashe! How could you say that? You don't even know him!"

She glowered at him, a look that actually instilled a small prick of fear in Ky. "I do know him," she said quietly. 

Just then, Ky spotted Ame walking up to them. Ky's stomach stirred. He sat down next to him. 

"What's up?" he said, looking purposefully at Ashe. She bit her lip and stood up. 

"I need to go. Catch ya later." and with that, she left the cafeteria. 

Ky frowned. Something was wrong with Ashe. He wanted to find out. He turned to Ame. 

"Er... I'm gonna go see what's up with Ashe. I'll be right back," Ky said nervously. Ame nodded and Ky rose and left the cafeteria after his best friend. He knew exactly where she was going. 

He walked outside and jogged around to the back of the building to one of his friend's favorite places to hide whenever they skipped classes together Sure enough, he heard Ashe, talking like she was on the phone. He rounded a corner, and saw her speaking into her cell phone. 

"Nex, one of them is at my school," she sounded urgent. Ky wondered who Nex was, and what Ashe was talking about. 

"Yeah, it's that one. Him and Kadetiah...Ky most likely. I'm trying to keep them apart, but it's not working too well...Nex! I can't! I need your help...You will? They'll all be here soon, I bet. Thanks, Nex. I owe you a bunch...A few hours? Great... 'kay, bye."

Ky was so confused. He couldn't move. Ashe turned and saw him. Her mouth fell open partly. 

"Ky..." she trailed off. Her eyes flitted past him. He turned, and saw Ame behind him. Ky wondered how he hadn't noticed he was being followed. 

Ashe glared at Ame. He glared right back, and spoke. 

"So you're that worried? You need to call in backup? I thought the almighty Ashe could take care of herself."

She stared daggers at Ame. "Not when I'm badly outnumbered. 

"There's only two of us here."

"The others will show soon, and you know that."

Ky looked back and forth at Ashe and Ame. His head was spinning. "What?" was all he could manage to say. They looked at him. They looked at each other. 

Ame addresses him. "It's a complicated thing, Ky." he put an arm around his shoulders, a gesture that surprised Ky and made Ashe narrowed her eyes. Ky noticed a tattoo on his right wrist. It looked like words written in a different language. 

Ame continued, "It's nothing you should worry your pretty little head about." And with that, he planted a kiss on Ky's lips. Ky stifled a gasp of surprise. Ame's tongue brushed against his, sending shivers down his spine. 

When Ame broke the kiss, Ky looked over to see that Ashe looked infuriated. She was biting her lip, and her dark brown hair was shifting slightly, although Ky didn't feel any wind. 

Ame smiled down at Ky. "Let's get back to the cafeteria, huh?" 

Ky nodded, taking one last look at Ashe, but she was still glowering at Ame. 

They headed back inside, though neither of them was in the mood to eat. 

Ky wondered if Ashe, his best friend, was hiding something. And if Ame was part of it.