 Chad and Cindy lay naked together in Chad's bed on a Wednesday evening. "Who were you fucking tonight?' she asked.

"What do you mean?"

"You seemed to be somewhere else, almost disinterested."

"I had an upsetting day with one of our clients," Chad lied as he knew exactly where is head was; he as thinking of Cody ass while he was fucking Cindy dog style.

"I knew something was up. You seemed far away."

"Sorry."

"Where is our relationship headed, Chad?"

"I don't follow you. I think we have a great thing going."

"It just seems it's only about sex."

"I don't agree. We do a lot of things together. We go on trips, to shows out to eat."

"Yes I know but I would like something more permanent. I'd like to be committed to a relationship."

"If you're thinking about marriage, you know I'm not ready for that. If you want to move in her, I'm cool with that."

"I think that we should take a break from each other for a while. Give us some time apart and think things over."

"Okay, if you want," Chad replied already thinking about having Cody back for the weekend.

"That's it, just like that, no discussion. You agree to separate?"

"If that's what you want?"

"You're impossible, I'll let myself out," Cindy snapped as she got up gathered up her clothes and dressed in the bathroom. When she came out of the bathroom she did not stop to say goodbye but simply walked out the front door.

Chad was still naked in bed thinking about his shaky future with Cindy when the phone rang. He assumed it was her calling but it was his brother Chris on the phone.

"Hey Chris what's up?"

"Are you going to be around this weekend? I need you to check on the house. I'm going camping with the guys."

"Yeah, I'll be around. I can do that. Are they the same guys I saw at the house last time?"

"Yeah except for the blonde hair guy Cody, he can't make it. That's too bad too, we all love his ass."

"I bet you do," Chad chuckled and added, "Well, have a good time and be careful. I'll keep an eye on the folk's house."

"Thanks bro, see you Monday."

Chad hung up the phone and leaned back in bed with his hands behind his head. He stared up at the ceiling and thought about Cody. He wondered if Cody purposely passed on the camping trip so he would be around for the weekend. If so, maybe he could hook up with him now that Cindy was not going to be around. To be on the safe side though he would ask Cody over to his parent's house and they could use the pool. Unable to deal with anymore suspense Chad located the number and called Cody's phone.

"Cody, hi it's Chad. Listen I am going to be house sitting my parent's home for the weekend since Chris is not going to be home. If you don't have anything planned you could come over, hangout and use the pool."

Cody smiled while he listened on the other end. Things worked out just the way he hoped they would. "Sure that sounds cool. I have no plans and hanging out by the pool sounds good. No pun intended."

Chad got the meaning and snickered, "Okay I'll see you Saturday, come on over any time after breakfast."

"Okay Chad, see you then."

They hung up and Chad lay back down on his bed. He realized he had a boner and took it in his hand. Thinking about Cody's magnificent ass he stroked his cock. Chad masturbated until he shot a huge load onto his body. Minutes later he was in the shower rinsing the semen from his body. He decided that he would stay at his parent's house Friday night and be well rested for Saturday and Sunday He didn't expect Cindy to show up after the tirade but if she did he would not be at the condo.

FRIDAY DISCOVERY

Friday finally arrived as Chad was anxious. He was more than ready to stick his big dick in Cody's wonderful ass but he still had one more day. He straightened up around the house, popped a pizza in the oven and got a cold beer. He planned to watch a movie while eating the pizza. Chad settled in the family room with the pizza and beer and went to put a DVD movie in the player. He discovered that there was already a DVD in there that his brother must have left in the player. 

Chad looked at the DVD and recognized it as gay porn. It wasn't too difficult to figure out from the title. He had never seen gay porn and he was curious to see what it was like. He put the DVD back in and pushed play. He settled in the easy chair and took a swig of beer as the movie came on. As it turned out the first scene was very hot. 

Two gays, a dark haired on named Cameron and one with light brown hair named Cody were sitting on the sofa. They acted as if they contemplated what to do that night. Soon they were kissing and removing each other's clothes. Both young men had lean toned bodies with smooth skin. They both had average size cocks about 6" or a little bigger and they were both erect. Cody had a killer ass and Chad thought about the Cody he fucked. 

Cody went down on Cameron first and the Cameron reciprocated. Next they moved to the floor and got into a 69 position on their sides. They sucked each other off and Cameron came first. Cody let the semen run out of his mouth but he kept sucking until he had drained Cameron's cock. Cameron sucked Cody and as he did, he held onto the shapely buttocks. Cody came in Cameron's mouth who also let the semen dribble out onto Cody's pubes.

The two of them stood up and walked over to an ottoman. Chad stared at Cody's ass and he hoped that Cameron would fuck him. Both actors were still hard and Cameron sat on the ottoman with Cody sitting on his dick. Cody lowered his ass onto the stiff cock and let it slowly penetrate him. This was not a scene that Chad enjoyed as he wanted to see Cody's bubble butt. Cody moved up and down on the cock and as he did his erection waved around.

Next they moved back to the floor and Cody fucked Cameron missionary style. Cameron remained hard and his dick slapped against his abdomen. Cody fucked Cameron until he came again and this time he pulled out and shot his load on Cameron's chest and pubes. The two of them kissed and cuddled briefly before they both got off the floor and moved back to the ottoman. 

Cody knelt on the ottoman and braced himself on the arms of the chair. His ass looked incredible and Chad thought, "This is more like it."

Cameron moved behind Cody and eased his cock into the lovely ass. He entered it slowly and steadily until he was balls deep in the anal passage. Cameron fucked Cody slowly and lovingly and Chad noticed that Cody was still hard even though he had cum twice. Chad had stopped eating pizza as he was mesmerized by the two lovers on the screen. Cameron picked up the pace and was drilling Cody's ass and then he groaned and leaned over his lover. Cameron wrapped his arms around Cody and kissed his neck. 

Cameron slowly backed his cock out of the shapely bottom and a trickle of semen oozed from the pee slit. Chad stared at the screen as semen trickled out of Cody's asshole and dribbled down over his testicles and onto the ottoman. Cameron moved back to cuddle Cody and they were both still erect. His stiff cock rested in the crack of Cody's ass as they hugged and fondled each other. The camera panned out and focused on the pool of semen puddled on the ottoman.

It had been one hot scene and nothing like Chad had expected to see. It seemed like more than sex, the two guys were making love to each other. Chad had a whopping boner in his pants which he had never expected to get watching gay porn. There were other scenes that were okay but nothing like the first one. The other clips were more like he had expected raw sex rather than passionate love making. He finished his pizza and beer and then he returned to watch the first scene again. He wondered if this was how he and Cody looked when he was fucking the hot blonde ass. 

Chad resisted the temptation to masturbate watching the porn as he wanted to save himself for Saturday. He took the DVD out of the player and put it in his brother's room. The last thing Chris would want is to forget about it and have dad discover it. Chad went to bed with an erection and woke up with one Saturday morning. As he prepared breakfast and straightened up around the house, he was more than ready for Cody to arrive.

ANOTHER WEEKEND WITH CODY

Cody arrived around 10:00 AM wearing very tight shorts and a tank top. The shorts were like another layer of skin and his shapely ass looked very inviting. Chad's cock twitched in his shorts as he looked at the lovely bottom. It was a wonder that someone didn't throw Cody to the ground, pull down his shorts and drill his ass that morning. 

"I thought we would hang out by the pool this morning before it got too hot," Chad suggested.

"Sounds good," Cody agreed.

They both headed out to the pool deck with a bottle of water. Cody shed his tank top and shorts revealing that he had not worn underwear. Chad smiled and thought, "No wonder his ass looked so good in those shorts." 

Chad shed his clothes too and they both enjoyed the warmth of the morning sun. After twenty minutes of sitting in the sun, Cody rolled onto his belly and his marvelous ass looked inviting. "Chad, would you put some sun block on my buns? I don't want them to burn."

Chad immediately responded and moved over to Cody's lounge. He squirted sun block on Cody's buttocks and then rubbed it in. Chad was hard immediately but he was patient and took his time massing Cody's bottom. Once both cheeks were coated with sun block, Chad let his hands and fingers roam all over the incredible hillocks. Grabbing the buttocks in his hands, he penetrated the rubbery edges of the sphincter with a forefinger on each hand. He switched to the sun tan oil and made sure that Cody was well lubed. 

Even though the pool deck was completely private, Chad felt the excitement of having sex outdoors. He coated this throbbing thick cock with the oil and knelt on the lounge behind Cody. Chad pushed his cockhead against the snug asshole and it resisted him again as it had the first time. However, he kept pressing into the backdoor until Cody's elastic ring yielded, dilated and allowed Chad's hardness to slip inside him. They both gasped aloud as Chad slowly penetrated the tight slippery orifice, his cockhead disappeared into Cody's butthole as it was sucked in as before by the hungry anus. 

"Oh Chad, you still feel big, oh my God!" Cody grunted as he felt his anus stretching out around Chad's rock-hard girth. 

It had been a week since that big dick was buried in Cody's ass and it felt like it was the first time all over again. Cody pushed back as if he was trying to poop making it easier for Chad's cock to enter the snug channel. Grabbing the sun tan oil and squirting more right onto his dick, Chad started feeding more of his shaft into Cody's tight ass. He went in slowly adding more oil as he pushed himself further and further into Cody's taut rectum. By the time he had managed to bury his entire length inside Cody's cock gripping passage, Chad was on the verge of cumming. 

"Damn this is going to be a quick one. I'm going to cum in your tight beautiful ass, here it cums, ah!" 

With one powerful thrust, Chad buried his cock balls-deep inside Cody's amazing asshole and came like a fire hose spewing semen deep into the bowels of his blonde lover. Chad's huge pulsating cock shot rope after rope of creamy sperm filling the anal tunnel with a massive load. The contractions of Cody's anal walls increased Chad's pleasure as Cody milked his entire pole within his clenching rectum. Only after Chad was done pumping his ass full of cum did Cody's slender frame finally stop writhing in delight.

Realizing that Chad would stay hard, Cody whispered as if there were others were around, "Chad let me roll over and fuck me like a woman until I cum."

Chad eased his still erect cock from the warm chamber and he was sure that he heard a popping sound when it cleared the sphincter. Cody quickly rolled to his back and lifted his legs toward his chest. Chad looked at the pretty blonde and except for his 6" boner he looked like a sweet girl ready to be fucked. Chad re-entered the receptive passage and the virginal like tightness of Cody's asshole was exquisite. The velvety warmth of his anal walls once again snugly enveloped Chad's huge boner. He savored the delicious pressure of the spongy rectum holding firmly onto his dick keeping his throbbing shaft cozily trapped in the anal depths.

Cody took a hold of his cock and stroked it rapidly in search of his own release. Chad loved Cody's sensual body although he much preferred to be watching the shapely ass. Chad watched his cock slide in and out of the curvy bottom and Cody's stiff cock flop around on Cody's abdomen. Chad really preferred fucking Cody doggy style and watching the hot ass jiggle.

"Chad, play with my cock again please, like the last time."

Chad cautiously took a hold of the erect cock and began to stroke it as he fucked Cody. He really did not mind giving Cody another hand job. "Oh Chad, I am so close."

Chad picked up the pace fucking Cody and jerking on Cody's cock. Cody's eyes were closed and his face distorted when he cried out. Cody suddenly started yelling out and thrashing as if he was having a fit. Chad rapidly stroked the cock as Cody cried 

"Oh God, Chad, I'm cumming." 

Chad watched as five or six streams of semen shot out of his lover's cock and landed on his pretty body. Cody's anal orgasm was the best ever with Chad. It felt like his whole body was cumming. It was unbelievably, incredibly good. Chad worked the cock as he watched cum dribble onto Cody's body. Chad removed his cock from the snug passage and had to wrench it free from the clingy sphincter. His cock came out and once again he heard the distinct audible pop of Cody's anus.

"Come on, let's grab a swim and get cleaned up," Chad told him.

"I'm not sure I can move," Cody said in an exhaustive tone.

Chad picked up the pretty slender blonde and carried him to the pool. He tossed Cody in the pool and then jumped in himself. The cool water felt good on their overheated bodies and they chilled out standing in the swallow end. It was a scorching hot day and not one for the Jacuzzi. They would save that until night time.

Once their body temperatures were lowered and rejuvenated, they returned to the pool deck. The sun was intense so they moved the lounges to a shady area. Even in the shade it was hot and the humidity was high. It was one of those days that they would be in and out of the pool to cool off and stay comfortable. Cody preferred the shade unless he was wearing a swimsuit as he did not want to lose the tan lines that accentuated his shapely ass. Chad brought out iced tea and some small sandwiches. It was too hot to start drinking alcohol and they would hold off until evening. They relaxed with the food and tea and chatted amiably.

"Chad, you like fucking me don't you."

"Of course, that's why I do it. I love your ass and you're a good fuck."

"You like it when I suck your cock too, right?"

"Yes, you give great head although I prefer fucking your lovely ass, why the questions?"

"Have you thought about taking it further with me?"

"What do you mean? What else would we do?"

"Have you ever thought about sucking my cock or letting me fuck you?"

"No, I have not. Those thoughts have never crossed my mind. It was a big step for you to jerk you off."

"I just wish we could do more. Don't get me wrong because I love what we have but I was hopeful you might go further."

"Sorry Cody that is not me. I am not interested in cock. I never thought I would ever be fucking another guy or getting my dick sucked by one but that is as far as I will go. It's not anything personal; it's just that I am not into cock."

"I didn't mean to offend you. I just hoped that you might change your mind."

"Sorry that won't happen and if you want to leave, I understand."

"Oh no, I want to stay. I'll accept what you are willing to do. I do love that big cock shooting in me."

"Good, you're welcome to stay here tonight if you wish to."

Chad started to perspire and announced, "I'm going for a swim to cool off." 

FUN IN THE POOL

Chad walked over to the pool, dove in and swam a few laps before relaxing in the shallow end. Cody also entered the pool but he brought the small raft with him to float on. Cody paddled around the pool and Chad watched him closely. Cody was face down on the raft with his legs dangling off the end. His gorgeous ass seemed to rise up higher than his head. Chad studied the curvy bubble butt and he felt his loins stir with desire. It was then he thought to fuck Cody in the pool. 

Chad got out and retrieved the sun tan oil and returned to the pool. He oiled up his cock as Cody paddled around. When the raft got close to Chad, he reached for it and pulled it to him. Moving between Cody's legs his big thick cock brushed against the lovely buns. Cody turned his head to the side and smiled as he knew what was coming. Chad guided his slippery oily cock between the lily white buttocks and pushed the head past the rubbery ring. Cody raised his bottom the best he could to facilitate the penetration.

Inch by inch the thick cock disappeared into the warm receptive channel. The look of the oily distended anus wrapped around the base of his dick and framed by those gorgeous splayed ass cheeks was incredibly erotic. However it was nothing compared to the feel of being buried to the hilt inside Cody's beautiful perfectly shaped ass. Not in his wildest imagination would Chad have ever thought that fucking Cody would bring him so much pleasure. He never even gave a thought to any of the women he was fucking and of course Cindy was now history anyway. What would she ever say if she knew she was replaced by a pretty gay? 

"Chad, this is awesome to be fucking in the pool. This is a first for me and you are so hard and big in my ass!"

"This is fantastic, Cody! I wish you could see how good you look with my big dick in your beautiful ass."

Chad was holding onto the raft as he drilled Cody's sweet ass. The sight was incredible and one of the most erotic Chad had ever seen.

"Your ass is amazing Cody!" Chad exclaimed as he started to gently hump into the perfect bubble butt. "I mean it, this is so fucking hot!"

Cody panted, looking back at Chad with a look of desire on his beautiful face. "Really fuck my ass now; I want to feel all of you in me!"

Chad let out a contented sigh and started moving inside Cody's warm oily asshole. He sodomized him slowly, gently, savoring Cody's heavenly tightness and losing himself in the spectacle of his dilated anus. Chad moved the raft back and forth in the water withdrawing and then pushing his cock all the way back inside Cody's rectum. As Chad made love to his ass, Cody was overcome with pleasure and his cock stiffened below raft in the pool water. 

Cody urged Chad to cram his dick harder and faster into his slick anal tunnel. Chad released the raft and grabbed Cody's firm round bubble butt in his hands. Cody and Chad butt fucked like marine animals, grunting and gasping together. Chad loved the rubbery grip that Cody's snug rectum had on his shaft. Cody reached under the raft and stroked his own throbbing cock as the one in his rectum drove in and out with longer and faster thrusts. 

Chad picked up his pace even more and started to really pound Cody, burying himself as deep as he could inside his steamy rectum each time. Cody just moaned louder as Chad slammed against his perfectly shaped tush. Cody stroked his erect cock ever more desperately as Chad reamed his desirable ass. Chad found it immensely erotic to watch their anal coupling, his clear appreciation of their ass fuck fueled his ravenous desire to stay in the beautiful bottom forever.

The two new lovers were totally consumed by their shared anal lust and they were impervious to anything else. The only sound other than Cody's moaning was the water splashing against the sides of the pool. Cody's asshole clamped firmly around the big dick and the taut rectum milked Chad's cock with suctioning squeezes. It was all Chad could do to ride out his imminent climax and he bucked his hips harder to keep driving his pole in and out of the contracting snug anus. He grabbed onto Cody's round buttocks and jammed himself forcefully inside his ass over and over again. Chad, sensing that Cody was close, was desperate to cum with him. 
