 Bobby couldn't believe how JT's cock seemed to taste better each and every time he sucked it. Bobby's parents had pretty much disowned him over his stunt with the photos but he didn't seem to mind. He'd discovered a love for thick, black meat. At the moment, JT was stuffing Bobby's throat full of throbbing, hot dick and all Bobby could think about was how good it was. He gagged happily on the end of JT's rod and soon JT pulled the head of his cock into Bobby's mouth so that Bobby could taste his hot and heavy load. Bobby swallowed every drop.

JT pushed Bobby away from him and sat back on the couch. He turned on the TV as Bobby sat next to him. "What are you doing?" JT asked as he tucked his cock into his shorts.

"Hanging out," Bobby answered.

"No... you have to go," JT said flatly.

"What? Why?" Bobby asked.

"Not that it's any of your business but I have a date and I don't want you around fucking up my game," JT said coldly.

Bobby looked like the news caught him off guard. "A date?" he asked.

JT shook his head at the naivete of Bobby's understanding. "It's fun playing with you, fucking you and letting you suck my cock but let's not pretend that it's any more than just me taking advantage of a gay white boy. I love pussy. I've always love pussy and I always will love pussy. Some gay ass cracker ain't gonna replace that." JT was being honest.

"But..." Bobby started.

"I don't want to hear it. I know that you're addicted to this dick and maybe, if this bitch isn't fun tonight, just maybe I'll let you have some of this dick again," JT interrupted. "So, get your shit and get going."

Bobby looked at JT, not believing his ears. He got up and grabbed his bag and left. In his car, he fought the urge to cry as he pulled out of JT's driveway.

He drove down the road and realized that he really had no place to go. Bobby drove past his parents house and though he was tempted to stop, he knew that it would only end with fighting with his dad. After driving around for about a half an hour, Bobby headed back to his apartment.

His place was a mess. It was the typical first apartment and Bobby cleared off a spot sat on his second-hand couch. He could still taste JT's cock. Bobby opened his netbook and checked his email. Then he turned his attention to Craigslist. He wasn't sure what he was looking for but knew that he wanted to see pics of local cock.

There was a lot of local cock.

Bobby found several ads that caught his attention but one really stood out. It was a guy asking if anyone was up to meet at a park. He was black and wanted head from an anonymous mouth and Bobby salivated at the sight of the picture of his thick black boner. Bobby replied to the ad, leaving his number.

He began looking at porn and rubbing his cock in his shorts. He found some interracial videos with white women being ravaged by big black cocks. Bobby stroked for an hour, slowly milking his little white cock until his phone rang.

"Hello," he said, forgetting about answering the ad.

"You the hungry white bitch?" the deep voice asked.

Bobby sat up. "Yeah," Bobby said. "When and where?" he asked, eager to get some more black cock in his mouth.

"The lake, southern parking lot. Now. Leave your lights on so I know it's you," the deep voice ordered.

"But it's still day time," Bobby pointed out.

"Don't be a dumb bitch. Be a hungry bitch," the voice said, then the caller hung up.

Bobby was a little scared. He wasn't sure he wanted to go through with it. He looked at the picture of the stranger's delicious looking cock again and decided that he didn't just want it but that he needed it. His ass and throat were hungry in a way that he hadn't known before blowing JT. He wondered if it was common for white guys to desire black cock?

Bobby pulled into a parking spot in the lot that the stranger had ordered and turned his lights on. He felt silly but he wasn't sure if it was because he was sitting with his lights on in the broad daylight or because he was doing it so that he could meet and suck a stranger's cock. Luckily, the park was pretty empty and Bobby looked around the lot before rubbing his cock in his shorts while thinking about the black cock that may soon be headed his way.

After a few minutes, a van pulled into the lot. It reminded Bobby of the van from the A-Team except that it had blue high lights and its suspension was low. It pulled into the spot nearest the passenger side of Bobby's car. The driver stepped out of his van and climbed into Bobby's car. He was super dark and his hair was braided into corn rows. Bobby could clearly see the outline of his monstrous cock through his shorts and as he sat down, he pulled it free, pulling back the foreskin in one movement.

Bobby stared at it.

"What the fuck are you waiting for, boy?" the black stranger said, waving his cock at Bobby. "I know your faggot ass wants this fat dick."

Bobby leaned down and took the cock into his mouth. He hummed with a moan onto the man's engorged and throbbing member. He sloppily and hungrily nursed on the black dick as the stranger leaned the seat back.

"Yeah boy. Eat that dick," the stranger said. "I want to hear you gag, white boy."

Bobby took the dick deep into his throat and gagged. Sticky saliva ran down the shaft and onto the man's balls. He slurped and moaned and rubbed the head of the strange cock against the roof of his mouth.

The driver side car door opened and Bobby sat up, startled. Two black men stood on the driver side of his car. One reached in and pulled Bobby out, roughly dragging him from his car. They moved him to the back of the stranger's van and opened it, shoving him inside as he begged for them to stop. The two new men climb into the back of the van with him while the first stranger gets into the driver seat and begins driving away.

"What's going on?" Bobby asked.

"Shut up!" said the driver. "You'll see soon enough."

Bobby stared at the men as they rubbed their cocks in their pants. "I am so fucking horny," one of them said and Bobby leaned down and undid his pants, pulling his black cock free. It was circumcised and thick. Bobby put the cock head into his mouth. Precum oozed out and he slurped it up. His head bobbed up and down on the new cock.

"You fuckers can't wait?" the driver asked.

"That's Darius, not me," the other black guy said as he rubbed his dick. Bobby's hand found it's way to his bulge as he sucked on Darius' cock.

Soon the driver was stopping. "We're here," he said as he got out. Darius put his cock away and pushed Bobby to the back of the van.

The driver opened the door and Bobby and the other two climbed out and followed him up to the house. It looked abandoned and inside, Bobby saw a king sized mattress that had been stained with lots of fluids. It didn't smell as bad as it looked. The three men wasted no time in stripping Bobby of his clothes, all the while Bobby rubbed Darius fat bulge.

When he was totally naked, the shoved him onto the mattress and they themselves got undressed. Bobby watched as their black cocks dangled as they moved. They hypnotically enticed him as they swung. He sat up and tugged Darius' cock. The driver shoved his dick into Bobby's face and Bobby nursed on it, tasting it again and loving it.

He went back and forth, taking turns sucking the three strange men.

"He's a horny white bitch," the third man said as Bobby sucked on his nuts. He slapped his cock onto Bobby's face and Bobby deepthroat it until he gagged. The driver shoved Bobby back and the other two pulled his legs up and apart. They spit onto his balls and ass and the driver smeared it around onto Bobby's hungry asshole. His fingers disappeared and lubed Bobby up while the other two shoved their cocks into Bobby's face. He was happy to suck them while the driver stuffed his dick into him. The raw boner buried itself deep inside Bobby while he gagged on the other two cocks.

Soon the driver was thrusting hard into Bobby, plowing Bobby deep with his thick meat. Bobby slurped on Darius' dick while the third held his head in place. Darius began to thrust in and out like Bobby's throat was a white pussy. Bobby's face was covered in spittle, saliva and precum and the third smeared his dick around in it. Bobby turned to suck him and Darius held his head in place so that the third could fuck his throat. Bobby gagged and spit up.

The driver continued to punish Bobby's asshole until he shoved his cock in deep and released a hot load. Bobby moaned as the driver's cock flexed inside him, spitting out its seed. As the driver pulled out, his nut oozed from Bobby's rectum and onto the bed. Darius came around and replaced the driver, using his cum as lube and stuff the full length of his cock into Bobby in one motion. The white boy moaned and watched as the driver opened a beer and drank as he watched Bobby get fucked.

Bobby continued sucking on the third man. He'd stuff his cock into Bobby's throat and hold it, forcing Bobby to hold his breath. Darius cock rubbed against the walls of Bobby's ass and massaged his prostate, forcing precum from his little white dick.

"This is the tightest white boy pussy ever," Darius said as Bobby moaned into the third guys cock. 

The third guy's cock swelled in Bobby's mouth and Bobby looked up at him. He pressed his dick in deep until his pubes looked like a mustache on Bobby's lip. Bobby gagged and as the third guy pulled his cock from Bobby's throat, a stream of thick saliva and mucus hung from his white lips. "Dayum!" the third guy said as he shoved his dick back into Bobby's throat.

Darius manhandled Bobby, turning him on his side without pulling his cock from Bobby's ass. Bobby loved having his ass fed the thick length of black meat and Darius could tell because precum trickled from Bobby's little white dick and onto the mattress.  

Without warning, the third guy's cock exploded down Bobby's throat and he drank the warm seed thirstily. The cock pulled away and a jet of hot cum shot across Bobby's face before he sucked it back into his mouth, draining it of every drop it had.

As Darius watched, the visual stimulation excited him further and soon he found his cock ready to release its cum. He shoved it in deep inside Bobby and held it there while his juice coated Bobby's rectum. Darius slowly pulled out as his cock fell limp. Bobby's hole drooled with hot sticky cum that ran down and added another stain to the mattress.

"Thank you," Bobby told his three studs. He thought about what his dad would think if he saw him. 

The three men got up and dressed themselves silently then, without giving Bobby a chance to dress himself, they ordered him to return to the van. 

Once inside, Bobby waited patiently while they drove him back to his car. They opened the back of the van and pushed him out, into the night. He got into his car quickly as they drove off.

Bobby could feel cum run down his leg and he sat in his car and stroked hard, thinking about the cocks he'd just had. After he came, he drove back home, satisfied with his fulfilled quest. 

For now.