 The droning of The Faint blares through the speakers on my dressers as I lay in bed staring at the ceiling. In the background I can hear my parents arguing, again, always about the same old shit, we can't afford this...blah blah. The same stuff I hear every day but choose to ignore.

Since coming out to my parents a lot of things have changed. My parents are those ultra conservative republican types, who think that homosexuality is just a phase and that I will eventually just get over this phase of my life. What my parents don't understand is that this is not a phase, and that I will never get over it. If I could take a pill and magically be cured, I would volunteer in a heartbeat. But seeing as that magical pill hasn't been invented yet, I'm queer and I'm here to stay.

I tap my fingers to the beat of my favorite song, Desperate Guys, I sing along as I hear a knock on the door.

"Christian what are you doing tonight?" my mom yells through the wooden door.

"I don't know! Why does it matter?" I reply with sarcasm in my voice.

"Just wondering, your dad and I are going out. Just call me and tell me what you are going to do. I love you."

"Ok mom, I'll see you later," I still didn't tell my parents that I loved them. I haven't said those words to anyone, so why start now? Why tell my parents I love them when I know it would be a lie? I can't tell them that I love them especially when they don't even accept me for who I am. 

Just then my phone goes off, vibrating on my chest where I had laid it early. A new text message from Amber reading: "Hey, whatcha doin tonight? 

I respond with the usual, "Not much as of right now. Why?" I lay the phone back on my chest and wait for her response. About 3 minutes later my phone goes off again, I lift it up to read the text inside. "Well, there is a rave down at the warehouse. Just wondering if you wanted to go?"

"Sure," I responded. I could never turn down a good rave. I can feel the ground vibrate as my parents open the garage to leave the house. I stand up go to the window to make sure they are gone, and quickly undress. I prefer to be naked, but rarely did I get to do it with my parents in the house. I had to shower anyways so why not just walk around for awhile in all my glory before getting in the shower.

My cock, hangs there, all seven inches of it. It has waited for this release for awhile. The only time it ever gets to come out is at night and from my clothes it goes to right under the covers. I start to get hard as I gather my clothes and walk to the bathroom.

I think about jacking off, but know that I will probably get some action tonight. So I will just have that orgasm for tonight so it will be better. I bend over to turn on the water for the shower, as I pull back the curtain to get in the shower I feel the hot water hit my back. The steam from the shower billows over the edge of the curtain as I wash my hair and make sure everything is neat and clean for the night to come. 

When I get out of the shower the mirror is completely fogged over. I grab the towel off the towel rack above the toilet and begin to dry myself off. After I dry off I wipe my hand across the mirror, I see my reflection in it. Some droplets of water still remain on my body, dripping down my face and chest as they glisten in the mirror.

I prolong putting on my clothes as long as possible; I do everything else before putting them on. Finally I put on my clothes, a nice tight pair of jeans with a fun t-shirt. I text my friend and tell her I am ready.

After about 15 minutes, Amber is in my driveway listening to her techno music, I guess to get her the mood. I see someone else in the car, someone I haven't seen before. As I enter the she turns down the music.

"Hey, this is Drew," Amber says to me with a smirk on her face.

"Hi, I'm Christian," I respond as I shut the door and get situated in the back of the car. The man seated in front of me is the embodiment of everything I look for in a guy. He is probably about 19, tall, super skinny, and pale. His hair, obviously dyed, hangs in his face. He is beautiful. 

As we head to the warehouse amber and him are talking about something they did last weekend. His voice, so sensual, lingers in my ears as they continue to talk. I have always been the type of guy who has known what they wanted and I wanted that man right in front me, and I was going to get him. 

We arrive in the parking lot of this old abandoned warehouse, full of cars. People probably drinking and dropping E in their cars just like every other rave. Drew pulls out some E out of his pocket to drop before we go into the rave. We all drop a few and exit the car. Just like usual all heads turn as we enter, to make sure there are no newcomers that aren't welcome. Every man in this place is perfect, but I have my eyes on only one of them and he happens to be right next to me.

Entering the dance floor we begin to dance and it isn't long until I grab Drew by the waist and pull him in tight. I stare deep into his eyes and lick my lips and I know he can tell what is on my mind, and he has no objections. We dance a little longer before I go in for the kiss. As soon as I kiss him I no longer hear the music and all my focus is on him and what he wants.

I decide it's time to move on so I go get the keys from Amber and lead him to the car. I open the door and let him get in first. As I begin to close the door I feel a yank on my shirt that causes me to pull the door to a slam. I turn around and my lips are met by his as he pins me down on the seat, his limber body on top of me. I run my hands up and down his smooth back as I take off his shirt. I noticed that his nipples are pierced and immediately begin to play with them. 

As he sits back I notice something about him, something unusual. I play with his nipples some more, he leans his head make to let out a moan of pleasure, and I see it. His teeth, his canines are not those of a normal person, they are exceptionally long. He quickly looks down at me and smirks; he knows that I saw them. As I reach up to undo his pants he begins to take off my shirt. I offer my neck to him as I want him to bite it. He leans down and begins to lick my neck and work his way down to my nipples.  

I let out a little moan as he works his way around my body, just as quickly as he took of my shirt, he takes of my pants. My hard cock falls out as he pulls them off. I push him over and quickly mount him, he knows what I want but isn't willing to give it to me. I kiss him again, this time nibbling on his lower lip. I work my way the right side of his neck where I see his bite marks and bite him in the same spot, I feel his body tense beneath me.

I continue to bite his neck, as I reach down and grasp his rock hard cock in my hand. I slowly work my way down to his nipples where I begin to nibble and suck, his cock pulsating in my hand. I move my hand up and down slowly as to tease him some more. I sit up on him letting him feel the warmth of my ass on his cock.

He pushes me over, his strength stunning. My legs now in the air, as he leans forward yet again to lick my neck, I offer my neck to him, I want him to bite me. He isn't going to give in that easy he is going to need some convincing. My ass is begging for him, I want him inside of me and he knows this. He thrust his hips forward quickly and he is inside of me. It hurts so badly, but the pain is over taken by pleasure as he moans in my ear.

"Please, I want it," I whisper up to him, looking into his eyes. 

"Show me," he says as he gives me a dark, sinister glare of enjoyment. I grab his head and pull him back down to me. I kiss him deeply, are tongues intertwining. He thrust deeper into my ass and I let out an unexpected loud moan as I throw my head back with pleasure, my neck fully exposed to him. I can tell he is getting close by his breathing. 

He thrusts a few more times, harder and harder, until he is ready to explode. As he shoots his hot load into me, he latches on my neck and begins to suck. My eyes widen, as the blood rushes rapidly from my heart to my neck. I put my hand on the back of his head and pull his hair, as I moan into his ear. 

After he finishes he looks at me and says, "Was it what you were expecting?"

(To be continued...)