 Bobby had known Dashawn since elementary school. They had become nearly inseparable even though they were from different parts of town. Bobby was raised in a "white" neighborhood. He'd been branded a ginger by most of his friends. Dashawn grew up in an "urban" community and had grown friendly with the outcast ginger through their mutual interest in video games.

Bobby had spent many nights at Dashawn's and had become a welcome sight. It was just after high school graduation when things between their families took a strange turn when Dashawn's dad had an encounter with Bobby's dad. It would seem that Dashawn's dad, JT, had known William since they were in school and in those days William wasn't shy about tossing around the "n" word. What started as a friendly encounter brought back years of memories to JT. Memories he wished he'd forgotten. He had told Dashawn that he didn't want him to hang out with Bobby any longer and several months had past, leaving Bobby to feel withdrawn and alone.

Until he took it upon himself to see Dashawn.

Bobby pulled up in front of Dashawn's and noticed that Dashawn's car was gone. Bobby knocked on the door and JT answered. He didn't seem happy to see the red head. "Dashawn's not here," he said as he began to close the door.

"Wait," Bobby begged, "Why hasn't he come over or visited?" 

JT opened the door. "Because your dad's an asshole."

Bobby became enraged, "Whoa dude! Why would you say that?"

"I knew your dad back in high school," JT admitted. "All these years I've been trying to remember how I knew him and it finally struck me. He was the asshole that called me names."

JT slammed the door but Bobby didn't leave. He couldn't believe it. He knocked on the door again and when JT came to the door, Bobby begged, "I've been best friends with Dashawn for too long to let some shit my dad did fuck it up."

JT looked at him. "When Dashawn moves out, he can hang out with whoever he wants. But until then, he has to listen to what I say."

"We can work this out," Bobby offered. "I can ask my dad to apologize."

"I already asked him to apologize and he laughed in my face," JT responded. His large frame shook as he got agitated. 

"Please let me in," Bobby pleaded, "I am sure I can fix this."

TJ looked at Bobby, annoyed but he stepped aside and let Bobby in. The two sat in the living room. "I'm done letting white people treat me like shit."

"You shouldn't have to feel that way," Bobby offered. He kept tucking his long red hair behind his ears. "I wish I could go back and kick my dad's ass."

"You wouldn't do that," JT said.

"The hell I wouldn't. I've been picked on before and treated unfairly just because of how I look," Bobby declared. "I hate being called a ginger."

JT looked at Bobby, understanding his frustration.

"I wish there were something I could do for you to make you feel better," Bobby offered.

"Things have been rough since Dashawn's mother died," JT admitted.

"I miss her too," Bobby said. The two sat there quietly for a moment. "So you don't date?"

"Not really," JT said. 

"A dude like you has got to get a lot of ass," Bobby said. 

"I've been too busy," JT said before he added, "I don't feel comfortable talking about this with you."

"It's just two guys talking about sex," Bobby said. "I'm no virgin."

"Great, even the little white dude gets more ass than me."

Bobby laughed. "Well, I'm a bit of a whore. People are always curious what my pubes look like." 

"Why?" JT asked, intrigued.

"They are bright red," Bobby said.

"I wouldn't know. Never been with white." JT said. 

"Dashawn has," Bobby admitted.

"Really?" JT said, shocked to hear Bobby be so candid.

"Yeah," he said. "He prefers them."

"He never brings home his girlfriends," JT said.

"He hasn't found the one just yet," Bobby said. "He's test driving the hell out of them though." The two sat there quietly. The moment seemed awkward. "If you're curious, I'll show you my pubes and you can call me a ginger."

JT laughed. He then began thinking about how Bobby could make him feel better. "It's too bad you ain't a chick, then I'd be interested in seeing your pubes." JT tugged on his limp cock and Bobby could see it's outline in JT's shorts.

"Holy shit!" Bobby said.

"What?" 

"Your hog... it's fucking huge!" Bobby said, staring at the outline.

"It's not that big," JT said.

"The fuck it aint," Bobby argued. "How big is it?"

"I'm uncomfortable talking about this with you," JT said.

"Let me see it. I bet it's like one of those guys in a porno," Bobby said.

"Get the fuck out of my house!" JT said suddenly in an aggravated tone.

Bobby couldn't help but stare at the outline of JT's enormous cock. "I know how you can get my dad back," Bobby offered.

"I said get out," JT reiterated. 

"I'm serious," Bobby said as he got up, heading for the door.

"How?" JT asked.

"Let me take a picture of it and email it to him anonymously," Bobby suggested.

"What would that do?" JT asked.

"My dad's not that big," Bobby admitted. "He's probably my size."

"How big are you?" JT asked.

Without hesitation, Bobby dropped his pants. His limp cock was about two inches long and uncut. JT stared at it.

"That's it?" JT said.

"It's short but it's also fat," Bobby said. "Now let me see yours."

JT reluctantly pulled down his shorts and revealed his long, black cock. His pubes were trim and his balls were huge and Bobby just stared at it.

"How old are you?" Bobby asked. 

"I'll be forty," JT said. "Why?"

"You should do porn," Bobby said as he took out his phone and started taking pictures of JT's long thick and still limp cock.

"What are you doing?" JT asked.

"I'm gonna send these pics to my dad and he'll be jealous," Bobby said.

"No!" JT said.

"Why not?" Bobby asked.

"Because it's weird."

"It'll make him feel small. Hell... it makes me feel small," Bobby said.

JT realized that Bobby's cock was still out.

"Okay," JT reluctantly gave in.

Bobby continued taking pictures. "We need something for size reference," Bobby suggested.

"Like what?" 

Bobby reached his hand out next to the massive member in front of him and snapped a picture. Then he gripped it.

JT liked how his young white hand felt on his cock. It was exploring his girth and length and JT leaned back. Gradually, his cock got harder in Bobby's hand.

"Holy shit!" Bobby said. "That's like the length of my forearm."

Bobby pulled his hand away.

"Don't stop," JT said.

"Dude," Bobby began, "you got hard in my hand. Are you gay?"

"No but..." JT didn't have an answer. He was horny and his cock had suffered from years of neglect. He grabbed Bobby's hand and pulled it back to his cock. "Stroke me."

Bobby gripped the thick shaft and tugged on it. He found it pleasurable to touch this older black man's cock. His fingers couldn't meet around the thick meat and it excited him.

JT grabbed Bobby by the hair of his head and pulled him to his cock. Bobby opened up and took the thick black head into his mouth. He slurped like he'd seen in pornos and then gagged deep. JT let go and watched Bobby happily take over. His head moved up and down over the long thickness of black meat. Bobby's little cock wiggled as he moved and JT reached down to touch it. His fingers rubbed the pubes before it pulled the foreskin back on Bobby's little cock and revealed a tiny perineum. Bobby's hands gripped JT's cock and balls as he noisily went to work on pleasuring the head.

"You ever suck dick?" JT asked.

Bobby pulled the cock from his mouth. "No. I am wishing I had though." He continued slurping. Ropes of spit and precum dripped from his chin. JT stood up and Bobby continued to noisily service him. "Your cock tastes good," he said, nearly out of breath. JT pulled the white boy up and rubbed their cocks together. 

"Let's go to my bed," JT said and the two went up to the bedroom. JT sat Bobby on the edge of the bed and he knelt down and teased Bobby's little cock with his tongue. Soon, he had the whole thing in his mouth and Bobby was moaning while his red, fuzzy balls pressed against JT's chin. "Damn, I see what you mean. Dick tastes good."

JT stood up and opened the drawer next to his bed. He pulled out a bottle of baby oil and squirt it all over his dick.

"Um... I'm not sucking that anymore," Bobby admitted.

"I know," JT said before he flipped Bobby over onto his belly. 

Bobby tried to crawl away. "No! Stop!" he begged.

JT pinned him down and pressed his large cock against the fuzzy red asshole in front of him. The head disappeared and Bobby moaned out in pain.

"Relax," JT said. "It won't hurt if you relax."

Bobby pleaded, "Please stop!"

JT forced the rest of his cock in and continued the thrust in and out. "Shut up ginger bitch," JT said as he leaned down and bit Bobby's freckled shoulder. Bobby moaned and pushed back against JT's cock. JT held the length of his cock inside the white ass. "How's that feel, bitch?"

Bobby moaned and JT reached around to feel his little cock. It was hard and dripping and JT began to stroke it. Bobby moaned as his load shot out onto the bed. JT smeared it around into Bobby's pubes then continued to fuck him harder.

"Oh please cum inside me," Bobby begged.

Soon, JT's balls tightened as they began to release their seed inside the white boy's virgin ass. The black cock was withdrawn from the beat up anus and JT lay on his back while Bobby collapsed. 

An hour later, Bobby woke to a warm rag wiping his asshole. "It felt like I had to pee," Bobby admitted. "But I did like it."

"I loved it," JT said. His fingers touched Bobby's sore hole. He then squirt oil onto it and let his finger disappear.

"Oh fuck," Bobby groaned. "It's a bit sore."

JT spread Bobby's ass wide, admiring the bright red pucker before he fingered it again. "It's like a tight pussy," JT described. 

Bobby raised his pasty white ass into the air. He'd been laying in cum and his cock and balls were soaked in the cold, sticky fluid. JT rubbed it. His fingers, slick with cum, invaded the red ringed hole. Bobby relaxed and let his anus open up. The camera on Bobby's phone made a distinctive flash as JT took pictures of Bobby's asshole being violated.

Bobby didn't care.

"Do you like my black cock?" JT asked Bobby.

"I love it," Bobby admitted. "I want to turn gay for it."

"Would you tell your dad that?" JT asked.

Bobby was slow to answer, "Yeah."

JT came around to Bobby's mouth and placed his thick cock on Bobby's lips. The white boy opened his mouth up and took the cock happily as JT snapped off a few pics. He then sent them to Bobby's dad.

"What did you do?" Bobby asked. 

"I am getting your daddy back," JT admitted.

Soon Bobby's phone rang and he answered while still continuing to slurp on JT's juicy cock. JT could only hear Bobby's half of the conversation. "Hello.... yeah that's me. It's JT's big black cock." The caller disconnected.

"Was he mad?" JT asked.

"I think he was but... he'd get over it if he tried some himself." Bobby sucked JT's balls into his mouth and hummed.

JT snapped a few more pictures of the hungry white boy before he returned to the white ass that had taken a beaten just an hour before. This time he fucked Bobby on his back, looking at him and watching him moan.

"I guess this means Dashawn and I can hang out again," Bobby asserted.

"I guess it does."