 Where it all began was at gym class in my freshman year of college. Gym was a course requirement for freshmen and I couldn't wait for it be over. I was skinny and weighed only about 130 pounds. I was not at all athletic and one of the smaller guys in the class. Fortunately though there was another guy named Alex, who like me, was also decidedly not jock material. For some reason I found myself drawn to Alex in an unsettling way. Though I wouldn't have admitted it to myself at the time, I have to say now that there was a sexual attraction working underneath the surface. Alex was blond and truly beautiful, with soft feminine facial features and only the lightest beard, even when he didn't shave. It wasn't long before we became fast friends and began spending most of our free time together.

Alex lived off-campus in an apartment he shared with his older sister. One Friday night we were hanging out in his room getting stoned and listening to music when out of the blue he asked me if I ever dreamed of being a girl! I was shocked and didn't know what to say. I just stared at him trying to determine if he was joking. I mean, I had had certain fantasies. Before I could speak, Alex reached into his nightstand and pulled out a pair of lacy pink panties. He told me how turned on he got when he wore them. He said he had even worn them to classes, even gym class. There he was careful to go to one of the closed stalls to change into his gym shorts, stuffing the panties into the pocket of his jeans for safe-keeping.

Listening to Alex's confession had given me a raging boner, which he noticed. It wasn't hard to do since I was stripped down to my boxer shorts. Alex then told me his sister let him use her panties and even bought sexy panties for him as gifts. He said it turned her on too. Alex then proceeded to slide his shorts down over his girlish hips until his little cock sprang free pointing straight up to the ceiling. He then slowly pulled the pink panties up his legs and over his hips, making sure they encased his engorged rod. God he was such a pretty thing!

As if in a dream, I found myself reaching out to lightly stroke his penis through the lacy fabric, watching hungrily as a little wet spot began to seep through the gauzy material where his cock head was nestled. Alex then pulled out a pair of naughty black panties and handed them to me. I knew what I wanted to do and soon we were admiring ourselves together in his full-length mirror. Soon our hands were all over one another and our lips came together in a passionate wet kiss. I was in a daze as Alex took my hand and led me to his bed. Things were getting hot and heavy as he played with me through the panties. Suddenly he stopped and picked up his cell phone. I though he meant to take a picture of me in my compromised position. Instead I heard this: "Cecilia, can you come to my room. I have a surprise for you."

I had thought we had the apartment to ourselves and got really nervous but Alex patted my penis and told me it was alright. Looking into his eyes calmed me and then Cecilia entered the room. The sight of us clearly pleased and excited her. "Ooh, what pretty little girls we have." And so my sissification began. Cecilia took total control, commanding us into various sexy poses as she photograped us. This satisfied for only a short while though. Before long she had Alex and I engaging in actual homosexual acts. His was the first cock I ever sucked and it was so very sweet and tasty. Cecilia guided me in the proper treatment of cock. I learned how to tease it, nibble lightly on the taut head, take it down my throat, slobber on it and make nasty slurping noises. With Cecilia's expert training I became a fairly accomplished cock sucker that very first night.

Of course, my own dick was begging for release as well. After kissing it and lightly sucking the head, Alex began jacking me off wildly, aiming my throbber at his hungry mouth. When I came, I sprayed a thick wad of cum all over his angelic face. Cecilia then ordered me to clean her brother's face with my tongue. Alex looked so delicious and adorable as he sat up with my love-shake slowly sliding down his cheeks, nose, and lips. I sat up and leaned in close to him, smelling the musky cum load. It was strong on his breath, especially since as I was about to discover, Alex had not swallowed my load. Kissing me deeply, he used his tongue to pass my own sweet seed to my lips. After I had received all the jizz he had saved for me in his mouth, I moved to begin feasting on the sweet heavy wads dripping from his face. As I was doing this, Cecilia began spanking me with her hairbrush and calling me a sissy faggot. And I couldn't deny it - I had indeed become a sissy faggot - and I was happy! Little could I have imagined the path my life was now to take.

After this wonderful night, Alex and I both became Cecilia's little sissy sex toys. We had kinkier and kinkier sessions under her strict discipline. She had us keep one another shaved and I was forced to wear a pierceless Prince Albert's Wand which allowed piss and cum to pass through. On special occasions, we would be allowed to touch her and lick her shaved twat, but normally she amused herself by "forcing" Alex and I to make gay love together. Cecilia began ordering dildos, butt plugs and vibrators online. It was always exciting when a new toy would come in the mail. She had us use increasingly larger toys on one another, fucking our ass pussies. She would say she was preparing us. I wasn't sure what this meant but was having too much fun to care. Soon enough though I found out what Cecilia had been training my ass for.

We were engaging in our usual sex play. Alex had just inserted my Prince Albert's Wand deep into my aching, juicing rod. The wand came equipped with a ring which fit around the cock head to keep the wand in place. Without the cock-ring the penis would try and eject the wand. But with the ring, the wand had no escape. My penis was effectively getting raped by the hollow wand tube. The wand helped restrain and delay orgasm, acting as a mild chastity device, but also enhancing the orgasm when it did finally come. I love my wand. Anyway, Alex had just secured the ring around the head of my penis, when Cecilia announced she had a big surprise for us. Her boyfriend was coming over to fuck her and we would be allowed to watch while we played with ourselves and each other. I was tingling with nervousness and excitement as until now my secret life was known only to Alex and Cecilia.

I had goosebumps when Derek entered the room. He was built like a Greek god - a beautiful black Greek god. He laughed derisively at me and Alex squatting on the floor in our panties among our variety of vibrators and butt plugs. Cecilia told him to forget us and fuck her. Derek stripped slowly while Cecilia lay back on the bed and spread her legs. Alex and I watched eagerly as Derek pulled down his jeans to reveal his huge meat stick. It was gorgeous. Right then I became a confirmed cock slave. I wanted to suck it so bad. But Derek was aiming to shove his monster tool into Cecilia's tight little shaved quim.

While Alex and I sat impotently stroking our pathetic little sissy clits, Derek was working his fuck magic on Cecilia. Her pussy was juicing and squirting off every couple of minutes as Derek mercilessly piped her. As he did so I found myself wondering if my ass could handle such a massive penis? Suddenly, Derek was grunting, his bull balls were tightening up, and then he was ejaculating a giant cum load into that sweet pussy. When he pulled his swollen slick shaft from her I could hold back no longer. I dove tongue-first into Cecilia's sloppy hole and began to lick and suck like some starving demon. Derek's load was so thick and gooey - and so damned sweet and delicious. Derek stood back and watched as Cecilia moaned and squirted again into my face. "God damn! You are one hot little faggot aren't you?!" I just moaned a yes while continuing to enjoy the juicy meal of his man cum mixed with sweet cunt cream.

After thoroughly sucking out every drop from Cecilia's bald quim, I turned to Derek, fell to my knees, and began gently cleaning his still enormous member with my tongue. Meanwhile Alex had milked his own sissy clit off while fucking himself with a vibrating black rubber dick. My sucking soon had Derek excited all over again and he began feeding his cock down my throat. I gagged on it but was still able to take about 6 of his 10 inches. Alex now grabbed our double-headed dildo and sucked one end of it to get it wet before slowly sliding it into my boi-pussy. What heaven! Alex now inserted the other end of the double dong into his ass and we began fucking each other while I continued to baste Derek's giant fuck-stick with my hot wet throat. I could feel my own cock tighten around the wand embedded deeply in it, just as my sissy pussy tightened around the fat dildo.

Derek's black rod was really hardening up, enlarging in my throat, and then his heavy seed load was pulsing thickly and so sweetly into my gullet. Simultaneously, my own penis tightened up and juiced into the hollow Prince Albert wand, filling it up with my sissy load. Of course, I nursed Derek's engorged meat for all the cum it could deliver. Then with Alex still fucking my ass slowly with the huge dong, I leaned back and slowly withdrew the wand from my little sissy clit. I brought it to my lips and sucked my own sweet load from the wand and licked the drippings from it. Everyone in the room, including me, now realized just what a total cum slut I truly was. And this was just the beginning...