 Warmth, moist warmth drew me out of sleep on a sigh and a little groan. I reached down and ran my hands through Siun's soft hair, and stilled. 

"Should I stop?" His breath made me shiver when he whispered close to my cock head.

I looked down at him, and he refused to meet my eyes. His hair was so silky, warm and soft, and I could feel the slight tremor running through him. "Are you sure you want to do this?" He rested one cheek against my hipbone, his breath sighed out against the root of my penis, and nodded. I stroked, then cupped his smooth cheek. "Please tell me."

"I want this. With you." He tilted his head to look up at me. "I don't want to be afraid of this anymore. I...trust you. I want you." Siun turned his face into me, and spoke with his words into my skin, "I'll stop if you want me to."

Siun's face was warm against me, but I felt it warm further in a flush I could barely see in the dimness of the room. "Oh, Baby, I want you. I always want you. I have loved you since forever. None of what has happened to you changed that." Slight damp joined the warmth of his face against me. Tears. "Shhh... You lead the way tonight. Just take it easy, you still have stitches. What do you want? Just do what you want."

Turning his head, from where it was hidden against me, he pressed a sweet open mouthed kiss to where my penis joined my body, then breathed on the wet patch, making me shiver. During our talk, I had deflated a bit, but I began to firm up from that warm press of lips. With one gentle hand he held my penis as he ran his lips slowly up and down my length. His lips soft, breath warm and moist. More moistness as his tongue joined in small licks, then longer licks, until he reached the ridge right at the base of my penis head. He swirled his tongue around that ridge and stopped to press it against the sensitive vee on the underside. My breath was coming faster as the sensations he was giving me grew, as my penis became fully erect. Blood filling my shaft, making me hard and ready, I just watched him, running my hands in his hair. Not grasping or pulling, just caressing his hair, the shape of his head, as he fought his fears. 

Moving from that sensitive spot, Siun licked his lips and pressed them pursed and closed to the very crown of my penis and softly pressed down, allowing my penis to part his lips. Warm moist heat and soft firm lips surrounded the head of my penis, and I gave a soft sigh, then sucked in a deep breath when his tongue joined in again by dipping into the small slit at the top briefly. He spent a moment or two moving minutely up and down, penetrating his lips with my penis head, the sensation making my body shiver all over. I couldn't hold back a groan when he continued to press down and down, taking my whole penis into his mouth. So deep that I could feel him swallow, and his lips and nose nestled into the hair at my base. I expected him to come right back up for air, but he rested there for a moment longer than I thought he would, and trembled. "Breathe, Baby, and look up at me. I want you to know who you are with."

He gagged slightly just before he drew off me, and raised his eyes to mine. Siun moved up beside me and rested his head on my pillow looking into my eyes. I rolled onto my side to face him, and brought a hand up to trace his soft lips with a finger. His lips opened and licked the tip of my finger before sucking only the tip. I freed my finger from his mouth and replaced it with my own lips. "That was beautiful, but what do you want? What can I do for you?"

He broke our gaze for a moment to look down, as if he was gathering courage, then looked back up at me. "I want you inside me, but I don't want you to thrust yet...Okay?" I nodded, and he leaned in and kissed me, licked delicately at my bottom lip and sucked it slightly between his briefly. Then he rolled over and nestled his bottom into the curve of my thighs and groin, his chest rising and falling in slow deep breaths. He raised his top leg to his chest to part his cheeks, and reached behind himself to grasp me in his fist and guide me to his entrance. 

I realized that he had forgotten something, and rested my hand on his hip to stop him. "Siun, Sweetheart, hold on a sec. Let me get something, I don't want to hurt you." He stopped, and looked over his shoulder at me with a little confusion. "Honey, your saliva won't be enough." He still seemed a bit mystified, so I just patted him on the hip and reached over him into the bedside table drawer to take out my bottle of lube. I took his hand and squeezed some out for him. He looked at it and then back at me blankly. 

"Siun, do you know what this is for?" He slowly shook his head no. Oh, my. "Sweety, rub it around and in yourself. It'll make everything go smoothly." 

His eyebrows went up, he raised his knee again, and he reached around to his pucker to rub the gel on and in himself. He made a small gasp, then sighed as his body relaxed a little more. I gave him a bit more, then used some on my shaft. He settled himself back into our previous position with his upper knee raised to his chest. He reached behind himself to hold me in his hand. He ran it up and down my shaft a couple of times, before he placed it at his entrance. His breath returned deep and slow, as he pressed back against the head of my penis. He sank slowly onto me, his breath hitched a few times as he penetrated himself on me, just so my head was inside him. He stopped for a brief moment to adjust, then tilted his hips back to accept the rest of me inside him. We both quietly moaned. I wanted to move, he was so hot and soft inside. He gripped me so tightly. I pressed my lips to his nape, setting soft kisses to his neck, the scent of his skin and hair making me dizzy. 

Running my hand across his chest, I tweaked his nipple causing him to cry out quietly. I moved to his shoulder and down his arm, and found that he was holding up his leg. "May I do that?" I asked as I covered his hand with mine. He nodded and moved his hand out of the way. I ran my arm under his leg and behind his knee, and easily held it up and out. His breath began to quicken and turn into small sounds of excitement. Then he began to move, making small thrusts back onto me. Slowly sliding me out and back into himself, again and again, until he began make occasional small whimpering sounds.

I realized that he wasn't going to ask. I whispered into his ear, "Do you need more?"

"Yes...please."

"What do you want me to do?" I needed to ask. This was for him, what he wanted, not just what I wanted.

"Move for me. Move in me, please." Then I did. I started slowly, going deep into him. Again and again we moved together. Slowly increasing our pace. Now both of us were gasping out small cries as we got lost in each other. Warm, tight, and moist where we were joined. Sweat slicked skin against skin sliding together as we moved.

Siun turned his head and we kissed, almost desperately. Lips sipping at each other's lips, tongues touching, tasting each other, I tucked his leg over my thigh, and reached for him. Lightly, I ran my fingers along and around him, avoiding the sensitive head for the moment, and then cupped his balls in a warm gentle hand. At my first touch he cried out loudly into my mouth, then groaned deeply when I cupped him. 

Still we moved together, and Siun moved his lips from mine and began to toss his head restlessly. It was time for more. I shifted slightly and began to thrust more powerfully into him. No longer quiet, Siun cried out loudly as I began to rub against his prostrate. "Is this okay?"

Siun, turned to look back to me, eyes wide and mouth open on yet another cry, and nodded. 

"Siun, tell me this is what you want." I thrust up into him again hitting that sweet spot once more.

Siun gasped out between panting breaths, "Ah! Nicca! I want it...That feels so good. You feel so good inside me...don't stop!" 

I kissed his trembling lips, and continued to thrust into him, running my penis against his hotspot. I was almost at the end of my limits now, though. His tight grasping anus, gripping me, as I moved in and out of him was bringing me. His beautiful outcries, and the little sounds I wasn't sure he was aware of making, were bringing me. All of him turned me on so much I knew I didn't have much time left to me. 

I moved my hand from his testicles, and ran it down and back up his leg that was draped over mine. From his hip, down his thigh, over his knee and calf to grip his ankle, then back up again to grasp his shaft. I slid my hand down his shaft as I powered up into him, reversed direction, and repeated. It only too a few of these motions, until he was nearly there, gasping out loud. My head was spinning from my own short fast breaths, and I realized that it was time. This was it. On one last upstroke, I rubbed my thumb over his head, swirling it through the copious amounts of precum that had leaked from his tip. Siun's entire body trembled, then tensed, thrust back onto mine, and tensed again as he yelled out his completion. That was all it took to have me shouting out along with him, with his body clenching mine, milking me, drawing me into him.