 Hi. My name is Veronica. I am a 21 year old, 135 pound, pale white sissy boy with dark brown eyes and hair. My master is Derek. He is 6 ft 5 in, 175 pounds of beautiful black stud. I have a sissy playmate named Alex who is also Derek's pet. As I already described in an earlier story, Alex's sister Cecilia is responsible for hooking us up with Derek and introducing us into gay love. Since that first experience with Derek, I became a hopelessly confirmed cock lover. Cecilia loved to jerk Derek's meat off into Alex or my hungry mouth. Whoever was lucky enough to receive his load always shared it out with the other through wet kisses.

We also of course gave our little bung holes to Derek's 10 inch pipe. Since Cecilia had spent much time training our boy pussies with large dildos we were able to take Derek's huge fuck stick, though nt without some sweet pain. Eventually, Derek started coming by our place and taking Alex and I off without Cecilia to have sex with us and watch us fuck and suck each other. He bought us dog collars to wear and put s on leashes. Happily, we often required stern disciplining and Derek would spank us with extra vigor. Derek knew we were his complete slaves. I was in absolute lust love with his ebony cock. Dreaming of the next time I would get to eat his cumload consumed me. 

This particular afternoon I was on my knees dipping the tip of my tongue into his gaping dickhole to capture his pearly precum while Alex was underneath me sucking his balls. Suddenly Derek informed us that he had made arrangements for a "few" of his friends to come over and he expected us to please them in every way possible. "Oh my god" I thought. "Finally I would get gang-fucked". In just a couple minutes after that there was a knock at the door and 5 guys entered - 5 black guys! They started whistling and taking in the show as Alex and I laid tongue to Derek's rod. I gave the newcomers a sexy look as I slurped Derek's bone. There was another knock at the door and now a huge gang of black guys entered - Derek later told us there were 23 now ready for the fun not counting himself.

My sissy clit was throbbing and I was trembling with excitement. Derek pulled our sucking mouths from his rampant boner and ordered us to get into our panties and not to touch our sissy clits. He then had a couple of his buddies tie our hands behind our backs and push us to our knees. What happened over the next several hours was pure sissy heaven. I lost track of Alex as I was in a cock world of my own. A line of hard cocks was forming before me. I became a blowbang whore for the very first time. Three gorgeous black cocks crowded to my slavering lips all at once. I did my best to keep all three happy moving from one to the other - capturing their sweet precum droplets over and over again.

It was inevitable that my throat would be raped of course. I gagged on huge cock after huge cock, enjoying a crash course in the art of deep throat. I needed their juicy loads so fucking bad. Some of them would tease me, pulling their meat out and slapping all over my face with it. I would hold my tongue out and let them slap their wads against it. One frisky bastard slapped his meat over and over against my tongue until he shot his heavy wad of man juice all over it and over my face. This caused a little sissy orgasm to vibrate through my entire body. I descended on his tool, deep-throating his still spurting dong, tasting the sweet load backing up from my throat into my mouth until it was dripping from hungry lips. This must have inspired the crew as now the fucking of my throat began in earnest. Sweet load after load was ejaculated into my sucking maw as I fellated black cock after cock. It wasn't long before I felt literally cum drunk. Thick cocks just kept coming as suck hunger consumed me. My face was getting gunked up with musky man loads as I begged each fucker to feed me but save some for my face. At some point during this blowbang, I noticed Derek was having it all filmed! Now I was truly his slave slut. It just made me hornier.

Another really tasty cock had just exploded in my throat and in my hair when I felt my leash yanked. I found myself being led on my knees over to where Alex lay draped over the arm of a couch. His ass was being presented for my enjoyment. It wasn't hard to tell what had been happening to Alex while I had been getting used. His asshole was slightly open and as I watched from a just a few inches away, he blew a cum bubble from it. It popped gently. I begged Derek to turn me loose on that boy pussy. Thankfully he did! What a twisted nasty tongue-fuck I administered to that bruised but happy boy hole. Alex skillfully flexed his rectal muscles to squeeze out cum load after cum load from that hole for my hungry mouth. His asshole was like a mouth which I made love to with my lips and teeth and tongue. As I was lost in my ass-sucking heaven, still with my hands tied, I suddenly felt my own ass being spat on and fingered. Then some bull black dick was violating me.

This launched another round of gang rape - this time of my ass-pussy. I would love to tell you about this but I've gotten so horny writing this that I have to stop and go beg Derek to fuck me. Love all you stud alpha males out there!