 This is a love story - perhaps a bit long-winded but bear with me - the story wrote itself! Memories fill the pages and although I've done my best to make it exciting there are moments of peace - as there should be. But don't expect rampant sex from the word go!

o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o

As far back into my life as I can remember I've loved fishing. I think my granddad started my interest because he had his own boat – only about 18 feet long with a small cabin on – but to me it was as good as a pirate ship! And so, whenever we stayed with my grandparents, namely every Easter for a couple of weeks and each summer for six weeks I'd hanker after going out fishing. If granddad wouldn't give in to my entreaties, I'd go and just sit in the boat, whether it was in the water or out of it and make-believe. Because in the boat on my own I could be anyone and do anything. Heck – the boat could even be my own spaceship!

But when granddad did take me fishing I was in heaven – the feeling of being out there among the waves and other craft made me feel strangely grown-up even though I wasn't. And when I caught a fish I definitely was grown-up! But times passed and granddad passed on too but the memories lingered......

Therefore, many years later I inevitably bought my own boat. 

I was now in my mid 20's and I'd settled into work well – I was already climbing the corporate ladder. My job was secure; I'd bought myself a house; I'd got a decent car – and now I'd got a boat too. And I didn't even have a wife or kids to muck up my weekends either. Having a boat didn't mean I was rich, but I'd been in the same job since I left college and I'd had an inheritance from my granddad, so it was a 'luxury' that I could reasonably afford.....

Needless to say, my boat was somewhat more sophisticated than granddad's. This one had a proper cabin; it was 30 feet long and had a built-in diesel engine and I used to keep it in a marina on the south coast of England. When I wasn't pottering around in it, that is! Mind you, it was large enough to amble down the coast to some of the other resorts, so it did its bit of travelling apart from just fishing. Naturally I had it all rigged up to sleep and eat in, even if it was a bit primitive really.

To be honest, just why I fished, I don't know – presumably just for the pleasure of it; just for the enjoyment of pitting myself against nature; of braving the elements on occasions and of enjoying the peace. There wasn't a whole lot of sense in bringing piles of fish home – there was only me to feed, so I used to throw back my catch except for the occasional decent cod which I'd bring home, fillet and then freeze.

I'd never got round to settling down. Every woman I'd met seemed to be lacking something; somehow we never clicked; somehow we always parted with one or other of us saying "I'll give you a call" – which never happened..... But quite honestly I'd become quite happy as a sort of loner, although I did have quite a few friends; but they weren't 'in' my life – they were more like passing acquaintances on the whole. I could always round up someone if I wanted a dinner companion – male or female – I was happy enough. And I suppose I had more male friends than female, but so what, they made better 'mates'.

I often wondered if I was gay but although I could see a degree of attractiveness in a bloke occasionally, the women definitely looked better to me, but my love-life.....well, my love-life was my boat, I guess. 

Until that day......

It was in early May, if I remember correctly and we were having one of those spells of mid-spring warm dry sunny weather. I'd had the boat hauled out so I could clean the hull and give it some coats of paint and varnish when I realised I was being watched. That actually wasn't all that uncommon – it's amazing how many people just come and watch a man tinkering with his boat, but this was different, I could tell.

Eventually I stood upright, stretching my back after having been bent over for too long and pulled my shoulders back. I took a deep breath – and relaxed. 

'Must be time for a break' I thought as I worked to relax my muscles.

"You're getting on well," this male voice said and I looked to see who it was.

The owner of the voice was a young man; I'd have guessed he was a bit younger than me although quite honestly he looked more like an overgrown boy. He was sitting on the upturned hull of a small dinghy just nearby but now he levered himself up and sauntered over to stand nearer to me.

"Been watching you working – it's good to see someone working so diligently," he said, "Sorry – should have introduced myself, shouldn't I – I'm Andy."

"Oh hi," I said, not sticking out my hand, because it was covered in muck, "Nice to meet you. I'm Brian."

"Nice to meet you too then, Brian," he replied, "I hope you didn't mind me watching.....my dad's got his boat over there" – he waved his hand across the marina – "But he's a grumpy old fart, so I've left him to it!"

I laughed at his predicament and let my eyes scan him. He too was in shorts and a t-shirt but they looked a lot nicer than my own clothes. 

'They were probably cleaner too' I thought. He may have looked boyish but his muscular legs gave his age away a bit, I reckoned. And he'd got a nice happy smiling face, so I mentally accepted the idea of chatting with him.

"Don't blame you, errrrmm, Andy," I said, eventually remembering his name, "And no, I don't mind you watching but don't let this anti-fouling stuff get on you though."

He stepped back and looked down.

"Horrible stuff – still so long as it does what it's supposed to," he said, "But I prefer to paint the nice bits of the boat – above deck."

I laughed at him and then, as I'd started to sweat somewhat, I stripped off my t-shirt.

"Phew!" said Andy suddenly, "Where'd you get those muscles? Don't you look good! Looks like you've been working out!"

"Huh – muscles – nah, only a few! Just a habit I got into," I replied, doing some mild stretching exercises, "Twice a week at the gym for a quick work-out – well, more of a keep fit thing really, I'm not dedicated to it."

"It works for you then," said Andy and it was then that something caught my eye. 

He'd developed a bulge in his shorts that wasn't there before and suddenly I found that I had to turn around because I too had almost immediately been struck with the same affliction.

I busied myself with pouring some more paint into my pot while I pondered the situation.

Here was me showing off some muscles and Andy was getting turned on by them! Was he gay? I guessed so.....but since I'd stiffened too, what did that make me?

My cock subsided enough for me to turn round again and immediately my eyes clamped onto his groin once more.....and sure enough, there was his bulge, only possibly even bigger than before!

I was about to make some excuse as to why I couldn't keep on chatting when Andy spoke.

"Brian – I know I've only just met you, but I was planning to get some lunch soon so would you care to have a beer with me and perhaps a bite to eat? The clubhouse bar isn't too bad," he said, "Once you've cleared up, that is?"

Since there were two things on my mind – a cool drink and something to eat, I could hardly say no – anyway, he'd be company for me.

"Yeah, sure, be glad to," I replied, "Let me get cleaned up."

"Oh that's brilliant – thanks everso," said Andy, "There's usually such a load of old stuffed shirts here – it's nice to meet someone who isn't! I'll wait for you."

"Ok – won't be long," I said as I worked hand cleaner into my skin, "Clean t-shirt and I'll do, I guess."

I was still a little worried that I'd be having lunch with a "gay" person – but then I realised that he was right – we were some of the few younger people here so lunching with him, whatever his sexual orientation, was better than getting lumbered with some old crust.

Five minutes later I was relatively clean and presentable and we sauntered over to the marina clubhouse – and as we walked, I realised that we made a quite reasonable looking pair. Andy was of very similar build to me if not quite so muscular. We both had fair curly hair and narrowish faces; smiling eyes and mouths and we were about the same in height – a little over six feet. I was feeling quite contented as we idly chatted as we walked to the bar.

"You old enough to be in here?" I asked as we approached the bar.

"Yeah – I'm 20 but I'm always having to dig out my ID," Andy said, "Cor – it was great once I left my teens. I thought I was properly grown up!"

"Still just a big kid though!" I quipped, as the barman came to us – and sure enough, Andy had to produce his ID, even though he'd been at this bar many times before. He raised his eyebrows and pulled a face at me as he pocketed his little card....

For once the place was quite busy so we got our pints and ordered a steak pie and chips each and then took ourselves out onto their outdoor decking where almost no-one else had ventured today. We sat at a table at one end, out of the way and supped our beers while we waited for lunch to appear.

Soon we were tucking in and also working our way through our second pint each.....

"Won't get much work done this afternoon at this rate," I grumbled light-heartedly.

"I can help if you like," said Andy as he finished his lunch, "Got nothing better to do this afternoon. In fact I'll be here all the weekend, so I could help you tomorrow too if that would be ok."

"Hmmmm," I pondered, because I did like to do things myself, "Suppose you could."

Andy put his hand on my arm and squeezed it.

"Go on – please," he said, looking me straight in the eyes, "I like being with you – you're nice!"

My eyebrows lifted at that comment – what did he mean? Nice, indeed!

I pushed myself back from the table just as Andy did and we both leaned back in our chairs to gather as much of the sunshine as we could and to let our meals go down. And as Andy pushed back I happened to glance at his lap and there it was again! His bulge! But now it was stretched out over his thigh pointing towards me and I realised that while he didn't have a full-blown erection, his cock was aroused and had uncoiled itself.

'I wonder how big he is?' I pondered; then stopped.

'Why are you thinking that?' I asked myself as I dragged my eyes away from his lap.

But Andy must have seen me looking.....

"Sorry Brian," he said, "my thingy got all excited over something. He does that – well, he's always doing that!"

I was a bit curious now but I hardly knew what to do or say next – but suddenly I found myself responding.

"Come on then, tell me what excited you," I asked – taking myself by surprise with my audacity!

"You want me to be completely honest," said Andy, "It was you – when I touched you it just set me off!"

"Really?" I queried, "I'm not that exciting am I?"

"To me you are," said Andy, putting his hand back on my arm, "I guess you realise that I'm gay, well I think I am and you just turned me on – you're just so sexy. The way you look – even the way you talk. I'm sorry."

"How do you know you're gay then?" I asked, curious to know how he felt.

"I just don't fancy girls," he said, "Only blokes, but I haven't been brave enough to chat any of them up until now. But I just couldn't help it with you."

His eyes fell contritely downwards, as did his hand.

Quickly I reached out and grabbed his hand, just as it landed on his thigh and there our hands rested, just inches from his penis. 

"Hey – don't worry!" I replied, squeezing his hand, "I'm not offended; just surprised, that's all. I've never been told that before by a bloke."

"And it's not something I go around saying all the time either," said Andy, "But there's just something special about you."

I smiled at him before choosing to look down at our hands. And there, not three inches away, his cock was now a long hard ridge in his shorts and already there was a little damp spot at the tip.

"Wow!" I said, rather unintentionally declaring my interest, "Looks as if you're right! And it looks as if you need to do something with him, doesn't it?"

"Oh fuck!" exclaimed Andy covering his bulge with his other hand, "Seriously I can't help it! He just does what he wants to."

"He can't do what he wants to here," I said, "You'd better come back to my boat – you can get in the cabin and have a quiet wank."

"Really?" said Andy, "Oh God - thanks for the offer! Think I'd better take you up on it."

We managed to exit the club without anyone arresting Andy for public indecency and quickly made it back to my boat. Andy swarmed up the little ladder and climbed into the boat and I did likewise, getting a good view of his tight arse and strong legs as I followed him.

I went into the cabin; pulled all the curtains across the windows and searched out an old towel.

"Here you are, buddy, wank into this," I said slapping him gently on the back as I turned to walk out.

"Could you stay?" asked Andy plaintively, "It's you who caused this and if you go he might lose interest. Stay please – watch if you like!"

Wow! I'd never watched any man other than myself having a wank – this might be interesting!

"Oh ok," I said rather offhandedly but sort of curiously, "Get 'em off then! You'd better get on with it."

"You sure?" he asked as he fiddled with the catch of his shorts.

"No – not really, but get on with it anyway and perhaps I'll feel better about it," I said, now rather hoping to see his cock.

A moment later Andy's shorts hit the deck; a moment after that his underpants did too and there it was – his penis in all its erect and pulsating glory!

I just had to look. He was uncut, as was I but unlike mine, his penis was quite slim – but it was long; definitely very long! I gasped quietly as he held it and slowly pulled back his foreskin. His glistening purple knob appeared, tipped with a small drop of seminal fluid. He rubbed his cock slowly, bringing forth another streak of fluid which he smeared over his knob.

"What do you think then?" asked Andy as he began rubbing his shaft, "Any good?"

"Don't know," I replied as I realised that my own penis was now rock hard, "Looks alright to me. Looks so long! What is it – ten inches or about that?"

"Spot on!" chuckled Andy, looking pointedly at the large tent in my shorts, "Get yours out – you might as well; then we can both have a wank. You can turn me on while I turn you on!"

Hardly comprehending what I was doing I undid my shorts and let them drop to the floor. They had a built-in mesh lining that doubled as underpants, so now I was bare – my own erection now thrusting out mere feet from where Andy was stropping his penis.

"Hey Brian – that's a decent cock. I love the way it's so nice and thick," said Andy as my eight inch penis swayed as I moved, "Oooh – that looks really lovely to me!"

Together we started wanking; each watching the other at work. For a while there was comparative silence, only punctured by our breathing and the steady slapping of our hands as we wanked together. But things were slow and I suddenly remembered that I had a small pile of wank mags in one of the lockers.

"Fancy a bit of a help?" I asked, interrupting my own wanking to fetch out the magazines, "See if these help at all."

Andy scanned through them and pulled out two of them.

"Hey, you've got some all male ones!" he said, "Brilliant!"

"Oh shit yeah," I said somewhat shamefacedly, "They were just to see what they were like."

"Well then – did you enjoy them?" asked Andy, picking up his wanking again.

"I guess you could say so," I said, "I'll be honest – I liked looking at them and the cocks in them turned me on, but I felt ashamed to wank off over them."

"Well now's the time to break your inhibitions then," said Andy with a laugh, "Let's look at them together and wank together. Ok?"

"Come on then!" I said bravely and with that we settled to our task, Andy turning the pages and both of us making comments.

"Fuck me!" said Andy as we found a double page spread of three men – the guy in the middle being fucked at one end and sucking a cock at the other, "Oh that's hot! What does it do for you?"

"Makes me harder, that much I know," I said, wanking quicker, "Oh look at this one though!"

I'd turned the page and there was a series of photos; the first depicting a young man sitting naked with an incredibly long cock rearing from his groin and another man, also with an erection, approaching him. 

"Hey – that could be me!" said Andy, because the young man did indeed look quite like him.

The series went on to show him kneeling down; grasping the upright penis; sucking it (from various angles) and finally several cum-shots with the head of the penis trapped inside the man's mouth while dribbles of white sperm ran out of the corners of his mouth and back down the shaft of the long muscle.

"I DO like that," I said with emphasis, "Now that is horny!"

I saw Andy looking hard at me as I spoke, but I was too carried away with my wanking because now I could feel the start of my orgasm. Oh, it wasn't there yet but you know those spasms that jerk through you as you wank when you're nearly there; well, they'd started.

Then Andy turned the page again and there was another two-page story – with the same two men in it. Obviously it had been taken on a different day or earlier than the first photos because the man that looked like Andy still had his erection and was still seated, but this time the other guy was lowering his arse onto the fine pole! By the third photo he'd sunk right down on it – all of that nine or ten inch cock was now up inside him! And even before I'd properly looked at the next photos, I just couldn't help it – I just erupted!

"Aaaaaagh!" I cried, "Oh fuck – sod it! Cummmmming! Uhhh! Cummmming!" 

Without any further ado a huge gush of spunk hosed from my cock right across the magazine!

"Ooooooh – oooooooh!" I groaned as more lava erupted and splashed onto the photos.

A few moments later Andy groaned too. 

"Oh you sod – you've made me cum!" he cried, "Ooooooh yeahhhh, yeah!"

And his lengthy tool jerked violently and sprayed energetic jets of cum; the first squirted massively and powerfully across my cock and up the side of the cabin; the second, third, fourth and fifth across the magazine and the mattress!

"Sorry – sorry!" he groaned as he stripped the last of his cum from his cock, "You set me off – oh fuuuuck! Oh that's better!"

We both stood there panting with sperm drooling from our penises; both with that wild-eyed look that follows an event that's really exciting.

"Wow," I exclaimed as I picked up the towel and cleaned my cock, "I never thought I'd do that!"

"What – cum?" asked Andy with a big grin.

"No – idiot – with another man is what I meant," I replied, handing Andy the towel, "But those photos just got me going – that and the fact that you were wanking right beside me. And fuck me – didn't you cum a lot?"

"Always do! And did you notice that the guy in the photo looked like me?" asked Andy and I nodded.

"Is that what turned you on so much?" he asked and I nodded again.

"I think so," I said. "Perhaps it was just the whole thing but yes, perhaps you're right."

"Did you like the idea of sucking a penis and being fucked by one then?" asked Andy again and I honestly couldn't help but nod my head.......

"So – could you do that?" he enquired as he finished cleaning his cock.......

"Dunno, honestly," I said, "Perhaps given enough alcohol!"

"Hmmmm, I'll remember that!" said Andy with a smile.

With the now sticky towel I cleaned our spunk off the magazine, mattress and cabin, noting the thickness and stickiness of Andy's heavy emissions – not that mine was exactly watery! I pulled up my shorts as Andy did the same and we climbed out of the cabin and into the fresh air once more.
