 I had convinced myself it was a good investment when I parted with my three hundred bucks to register at Abs, my second gym in three months. It had been by chance that I saw Chris Wilson enter. I saw him show his membership card and sign in, confirming, to my satisfaction, that he was a member. 

We both attended Lord Kitchener High School but we weren't classmates. Chris was one grade ahead, and probably one year older than me. He and his family had arrived in Kitchener only two weeks earlier. Although I adored the ground he walked on, and believed the sun shone from his butt hole, he was unaware of my existence. 

He gave me an embarrassing erection the first morning I saw him in the corridor. I followed him even though we had been going in opposite directions. I felt like one of the little people walking behind Gulliver. I was five-ten but he seemed to tower over me. His medium length dark hair, generously gelled, sparkled whenever he passed under a light fixture. I thought that if he took one really deep breath he'd split his t-shirt. I felt seasick from watching his gorgeous bubble-butt swinging from side to side.

My desire to catch up to him to pull his jeans down and lick his ass was overwhelming. I knew immediately that he was an angel who could demand anything of me; and I wished I'd had the nerve to tell him. I had become like a zombie concerning everything but my erection and the jolly giant who's muscled body I craved. 

At lunchtime, I rushed along the corridor, almost bowling others over, to get to his homeroom in time to ogle him. It annoyed me, incredibly, to see him talking and laughing with a group of his classmate as they walked toward the cafeteria; I felt an unfair resentment for anyone who seemed to be getting close to him. But my resentment for the miserable guy serving in the cafeteria was indescribable. The guy who consistently treated everybody like they were crap, smiled widely while searching for a perfect cut of meat for Chris. Good lookers always had everything handed to them, I believed, disgustedly.

I regretted my rotten mood but it was because there seemed to be competition everywhere I looked, and because I still had an erection. Being too disturbed to eat anything, I got a glass of milk and sat at a table with some of my classmates to excite myself even more just by watching Chris eat. Meanwhile, I silently prayed for the briefest of eye contact that would've let him know I existed.

I had gone to the gym several times but Chris was never there. This time, I went directly from school. I had just signed the log when a wave of excitement engulfed me. Chris was right behind me. I rushed to the dressing room so I could wait for him and find out where his locker was. Placing my gym bag on a bench just inside of the room, I rooted through it while surreptitiously watching till Chris got settled. Our lockers were less than ten feet apart.

Sitting in front of my locker, I removed my sneakers and socks without taking my eyes off Chris. I was spellbound when he pulled his t-shirt over his head. His upper body was awesome. My cock twitched when I fantasized licking his pecks and chewing on his nipples. My hard cock had plagued me for as long as I could remember. I wondered how I'd change into my shorts burdened, as I was, with my temporary - I hoped - impediment. 

Would I get to see him completely naked, I wondered. I was so enamored of him I was frightened of what I might do if I saw his bare ass- especially with the throbbing hard on squeezed between my thighs. I wished I could turn off my mind.

The room was quite crowded with guys ogling Chris and again I felt resentful. I was sure he wasn't deliberately trying to drive me crazy when he took a pair of Jockey shorts from his locker, sniffed them and threw them back. When he went in the direction of the bathroom I brazenly took the shorts from his locker and threw them into my bag. I'd planned to use them in my next jerk-off session. 

He folded his jeans and placed them in his locker. Then, removing his underwear, he turned to face me and get his gym shorts from his bag. Suddenly, his uncut cock was close enough that I could've licked it; It was majestic. Chris had a pair of balls too large to fit in one hand. I was drenched with underarm sweat. I felt sweat on my forehead, as well.

I raised my eyes from his crotch to find him looking directly at me. "Hi," he said, smiling to show gleaming teeth. Oh, god, I thought, he knows I've been staring at his cock. "You attend Kitchener, don't you?"

"Yes," I replied, nervously.

"I thought you looked familiar," he said, extending his hand, "My name is Christopher Wilson."

"I'm Brent Anderson, Chris, glad to meet you," I said, embarrassed by my sweating, "You're a grade ahead of me," I added. I couldn't understand what had happened that took care of my erection, but whatever it was I was glad.

"I'm the new boy in town...only been here a couple of weeks," he explained, "Looking' to make friends."

"Count me in, Chris," I told him, enthusiastically, "where you from?"

"I'm a Tennessee, country boy," he said, laughing, and added, "Davy Crockett country." He was in no way self-conscious. I couldn't understand how a guy could sit totally naked in front of other guys. I had never been able to do that without getting hard.

"I hope my staring didn't bother you, Chris, I said, apologetically, "I think your body is very impressive.... You must've been working out fer a long time."

"All the country boys are built...It's daily, strenuous work that does it," he explained. "Do you come to the gym often?"

"Most very day, I lied."

"Me, too," he said, "Maybe we could be workout buddies," he said, anxiously.

"Sure," I said, smiling enthusiastically "That'd be fantastic. We could come right from school."

"Our muscles will be the envy of everybody in the school." He said. Didn't he realize his muscles were already formidable, I wondered. 

We had a great time doing our workout together. I was relieved that he didn't comment on how little progress I'd made, considering I was supposed to have been working out every day. Chris was a truly delightful guy. I had great difficulty believing how well things had turned out. Just being his friend was an incredible joy for me. After our work out, dripping with sweat, he smelled sexy as hell. It seemed a shame that we had to shower it all away. And to realize I'd showered with him without getting an erection was a major miracle. I did feel a twinge, however, when I began fantasizing soaping him.

As I had planned, that night I spent hours in bed with his underwear on my face and my cock in my hand. I got myself almost to the point-of-no-return on countless occasions. 'Yes, Chris, honey, lemme swallow your cum,' I'd repeat to myself, over and over, until I finally allowed myself to go all the way and dumped an incredible load into the rear end of Chis's underwear. 

I fell asleep with the most delectable section of the Shroud of Chris in my mouth. I wondered how Chris would've handled it had he known how badly I wanted his butt. I thought of practically nothing, during my waken hours and my dreams, but the supreme ecstasy of having my tongue in his ass. 

He was like a lightening rod, in the cafeteria, and it bothered me very much. I worried that he'd make close friends that might usurp my time with him. And besides, there was a real possibility that some of them might have an ulterior motive.

Chris and I had been working out together for several weeks. We were in the showers at the gym. I was relieved that I hadn't been raising an unwanted erection. I thought that concentrating on anything other than sex, when I was with him, was responsible for my success. "Your developing a great six-pack, have you noticed?"

"Yes, Chris, I can't believe I did it this fast...I was your coaching," I told him, appreciatively.

"Has your girlfriend made any remarks about it?" He asked, surprising me. 

"I don't have a girlfriend," I said, laughing and adding, "I look in the mirror and tell myself how fantastically well I'm doing...Seriously, though, I'm very happy with my abs. I'm getting to look a lot like you," I said, grinning. I wondered if it had been wishful thinking, on my part, that he'd expressed a brief indication of relief on learning I had no girlfriend.

"I guess with your looks you can have a different one every night, huh?"

"Chris, are you screwing with my head?" I asked, laughing loudly. Meanwhile, he'd been spending an awful lot of time twisting his soapy hand around his knob. I couldn't stop staring at his semi-hard cock and wondering if he intended to go all the way. "Have you got a girlfriend, Chris?"

"Yep," he said, smiling conspiratorially, then, holding his hand out to me, he said, "You wanna shake with her?" He asked, laughing hilariously. Supposedly, going along with his joke, I reached out for the girlfriend that had been pleasuring his knob; and knew I'd have to think of some way to explain my erection.

"Oh, Chris," I said, feigning shock, "Look what your girlfriend did to me."

"I suspected she was slutting around, , the bitch." He stood directly under the spray to rinse and I watched, transfixed, as the suds moved slowly down his back and into his bubble-butt crack. I couldn't help fantasizing my throbbing cock sliding into that gorgeous soap-slicked ass.

"I'm gonna stop at the B-B-Q and pick up some chicken, Chris, if you don't have any plans, why don't we go to my place and eat?" I invited.

"Yes! That would be great, , thanks." He was very enthusiastic about my plan and I hoped something meaningful would come of it. I thought of telling him to bring his girlfriend but I wasn't sure he'd have thought it funny.

I took two bottles of cheap, Italian wine from the cupboard and opened them both. Seeing them, his eyes widened. "Hey, are we supposed to drink both bottles, I hardly ever drink, you know?"

We have to drink it all," I said, authoritatively, I already threw away the corks," I lied, the screw-tops were readily available in the trash can. Then I, jokingly, told him, "besides, wine is excellent fer developing abs." 

Chris jumped into wine drinking with both feet, and though he'd said he never drank, I couldn't keep up with him. "Take it easy, Chris, your gonna end up puking all over me," I advised him, smiling.

"It'll be your own fault, we've got a lot of wine to get rid of...I like it, though, it's making me all warm inside, ," he said, slightly glassy-eyed. He continued drinking while I put the dishes in the sink.

"Let's take the wine in the living room where we can be comfortable," "I said, picking up the wine bottles. He removed his sneakers and leaned back in an over-stuffed chair. The living room, also serving as the bedroom, I sat on the edge of the bed and removed my sneakers. 

"Whew, it sure is getting warm," he said, pulling his t-shirt over his head. Indeed, the wine plus his bare chest was overheating me, too. Grabbing at my crotch, I said, "Excuse me, Chris, Gotta go pee," I said, hanging onto my cock. 

I went into the bathroom and fished my gay, porn magazine from its hiding place under the sink and stuffed it into the shower, accessories rack behind the curtain. It was not too well hidden that Chis wouldn't find it if he pocked around. Later, I could check to see if it had been moved. 

"I think we're running out of wine," Chris said, smiling goofily, "You got any more?" he asked. I removed the cap and placed the bottle on the coffee table. "Thanks, It's really good, goddam wine...I think." Chris mumbled.

"Your right, though, Chris, it really does warm y' up," I remarked, removing my t-shirt, proudly, now that he'd convinced me I had abs. "How do my pecs look, Chris?"

", you look fantastic...Your looking like a muscle man." He swayed slightly when he got up to approach me. "Le' me feel your biceps." He squeezed one arm and I felt the sensation all the way down to my cock. "Load it up," he ordered. I flexed the muscle and he felt it again. Yes, it's goin' real good...I gotta piss, man," he said, draining his glass.

"Remember, Chris, if you shake it more than twice, your playing with it." Anxiously, I waited for him to come back so that I could check to see if he'd taken the bait.

I couldn't possibly get out of the way. It had happened too quickly that Chris had tripped over his own feet and his full weight was descending on me. Suddenly, I was lying, helplessly, underneath him. I thought he was asleep. He was snoring softly. "Chris!" I led near to his ear, "Chris, fer Christ sake are you okay?" I asked again, panic in my voice. He raised his upper body until his face was just over mine. Then, showing his gleaming teeth he began to laugh, raucously.

"You thought your wine killed me, huh?" He asked, now laughing fiendishly.

"Oh my god, Chris! You're a bastard you know. I can't-" He shushed me by roughly pressing his mouth over mine, preventing me from saying anymore. As his tongue entered my mouth I felt his large, hard nipples against my chest. Then, my mind, finally, catching up with the fast moving events, I felt his erection seemingly searching for any opening it might find on my body.

The movie, 'The Exorcist' popped into my mind when I physically felt my tension and anxiety demons being exorcised from my consciousness. Chris's hand slipped under the waistband of my underwear to grip my granite-hard cock. My pre-cum, I felt certain, was flowing into his hand; his slippery massaging of my cock head caused my toes to curl so, that I feared they might cramp.

I wondered if it was the gym workouts that had given me the strength to roll him onto his back. I got off of the bed and lifted his legs from the floor onto the mattress to open his belt and remove his jeans and underwear. Reaching across him, I adjusted the rheostat to dim the lights enough to eliminate other distractions while still being able to admire his outstanding body. Chris took my hand and placed it on the head of his long, solid erection. I moved the long foreskin back and, while kneading his balls, kissed him on his pee hole. Tasting his pre-cum, "Suck me," he whispered.

"Patience, Chris, I said, kissing his eyes, "We've got the whole night ahead of us...Don't worry, we'll do everything, baby." I touched him, lovingly, everywhere on his body. I ran my fingertips through his hair while scratching his scalp lightly with my nails."

"Ah, that feels so good," he said, appreciatively. Squeezing his ball sac into what resembled a double-scoop ice cream cone, I saturated it with saliva by licking it around and around. "Oh my god, , your making me feel loved way beyond what I deserve," he said, humbly, "This is the most incredibly exciting time I've ever had...I'm beginning to feel a little worried, ," he said, sounding deeply concerned. I moved up to look into his eyes.

"What're you worrying about?"

"Well...I don't have any experience doing this, , I'm scared you'll be disappointed with my performance, like stuff to make you feel as good as your doing to me...I've never been in bed with anybody," he said, sounding nervous.

"I've never been with anybody, either, Chris, this is my first time, too...Don't worry, baby, your doing more for me than you can imagine," I assured him. I slipped my tongue into his mouth for a moment, before licking down to his pecs. His nipples were large and pointed. I bit down hard on one, until he squirmed, momentarily, before, finally, shouting out. I switched to suck and lick his other nipple but it wasn't long before he pressed my mouth hard against his breast, encouraging me to bite him again; he'd discovered the joy of a mix of pain with pleasure, I had concluded.

My pre-cum slicked, cock head, rubbing against his was causing us both to breath hard, so I stopped it, thus, preventing either of us from cumming too soon. 

I moved my hand slowly up and down his stomach, enjoying the bumpy feeling of his spectacular abs. When my hand got to his pubic hair, I had to go there. I inhaled his crotch fragrance when I licked and chewed the thick, curly bush. The way he was raising his butt indicated that he was anxious to have some attention paid to his cock.

"Suck me," he asked, anxiously. I sucked his large knob into my mouth. His sigh expressed his extreme pleasure. Surrendering his cock, momentarily, I soaked my finger with saliva. When I, again, took his cock into my throat, I pushed my finger into his butt hole. His reaction caused the wine glasses to tinkle.

In the beginning I wanted Chris for nothing more than his body. Then, I realized it was more than that. I worried that I was deeply in love with him and wondered if he felt the same about me. I also wondered what life might be like without him; I hoped I wouldn't have find out.

Climbing over him, I got between his legs to take his cock and do a real job on it. I directed it to my mouth to slurp all over his knob and dig my tongue into his pee hole. I slipped down on it until my face was pressed against his pubic hair and his knob was rubbing deep in my throat. Chris, moaning loudly, fucked my mouth, slowly at first, but then his tempo increased until he was face-fucking me like a madman. When I thought he was too close to shooting his load, I stopped, once again.

Before he could complain, I had lifted his legs and pressed his knees against his chest to tongue-wash the section of his body that gave him the most pleasure. He moaned loudly on feeling the unbelievable pleasure of a hot, wet tongue licking up and down his ass crack. "Lord jeesus, , that's gotta be the most absolute, freakin', enjoyable thing I'll ever feel." But he'd said that before I pushed my tongue into the hole.

Meanwhile, his old girlfriend was jerking his cock, wildly. "Would you like to feel my cock in your ass, Chris?" I asked, hopefully.

"Yes! Fuck my ass off,"

After hocking a lubie on his button, I inserted two fingers. When he'd become accustomed to it, I squeezed the base of my cock and pressed my knob hard against his hole. "Oh, I don't know...I don't think I'll be able to take it...Oh, no, , Your too fucking big fer me."

"You'll be able to take it, Chris, make like your trying to take a crap. I read in a book that doin' that helps to open your hole." I pressed harder and he kept trying.

"Yes, keep pushing, I think we'll get it in...Oh, ow, oh, yes, it's opening." I couldn't believe the glorious feeling when my knob had finally slipped in, followed quickly by my entire length. "Fuck me hard 'n fast, yes, I love hearing the slapping sound when you crash into me...Can't you go any faster, Brent?" He bounced up and down to meet my bashing thrusts. I thought his powerful sphincter muscle would cut my cock in half. "Ahh, fuck-me-fuck- fuck me hard, darling. Keep pulling all the way out and pushing just your knob back in, Oh, yes, hurt me, baby, I love it. keep doing it...Faster, , faster, faster...Oh, fuck, yes, you sadist son-of-a-bitch, ohhh, yes. I'm cumming!" 

"Cum in my mouth!" I shouted, as I hurriedly covered his erupting volcano.

"Ohh, Oh, god, it's heaven," he shouted as his entire body convulsed. He pulled my head to his cock and blasted his load into the back of my mouth to slip, smoothly, down my throat.

"Chris, I'm cumming, too. Oh, man, it's too awesome. Ah, Ahh," I shouted as I slapped against him once more before pulling my cock from his ass. My cum shot into his mouth as well as everywhere else on his face.

"Brent," he said, breathlessly as he licked my cum from around his lips, "This has been the experience of my lifetime. My ass hasn't burned this bad since the last time my dad raised welts on it with his belt.... I don't think I'll ever forget either occasion."

"I know I'll never forget this occasion. It was so much more than I could've imagined, Chris...And it couldn't have happened with a more adorable doll." 
