 I couldn't believe that my friend Quandrell's big dick got me so excited. Quandrell and I had fooled around a little at the start of our senior year, jacking each other off until I cut it off because I started dating my future wife Barbara. Then one night right after graduation Quandrell and I found ourselves alone, no dates and none of our other friends were around. 

I thought we'd just jack each other off like we use to but when Quandrell unbuckled his belt, unbuttoned his Levis and unzipped his fly and then eased his pants down, his massive cock sprang up and stood quivering between us and something came over me. His cock had grown a good three inches or more during the course of our senior year. It was at least eight uncut inches plus of thick shaft with a reddish/purple head with rigid cords running its length. I stepped toward him, stopping with his cock wavering back and forth only inches from my face. His cock was so much bigger than my five inches, I was mesmerized. I was so surprised I couldn't quit staring at it as I stroked it. I remember thinking, "Damn his dick is heavy." 

I'd never even thought about sucking him before and suddenly I was trying hard to resist the urge. 

I was suddenly so anxious to suck my first cock that my resolve didn't last long. I dropped to my knees, ready for my first taste of cock. As he put his hands on my shoulders, I just dove in and we both experienced a first...me, sucking a cock and Quandrell getting his cock sucked. 

This was almost too much for me. I was shaking from head to toe with the excitement of the entire situation. 

I started stroking Quandrell huge cock and reveled in its growth. Not really knowing what to do, I stroked it as I lowered my face down and started to suck lightly on his balls. 

I nervously sent a testing tongue up length of his thick hard shaft. I licked the tip with vigor and then leaned forward and slowly took the head of Quandrell's cock into my mouth. Because his cock was so large I took my time working the head and first inch or so of his shaft into my mouth. As I started to work more and more of Quandrell's cock into my mouth, I realized how intensely horny I was. Until now I had been too apprehensive and too confused to notice how stiff my cock was. 

Still working his cock into my mouth, I looked up and caught his eye. I hesitated. This was all happening so fast. Five minutes ago Quandrell and I was having a nice conversation and now I was on my knees sucking his cock. 

I was now fully focused on cock. I'd worked his cock into my mouth and was now rhythmically suck on it. Not surprising, I was enjoying the feeling of his hard cock in my mouth. I started to pick up speed as my mouth moved up and down on Quandrell's cock. I was really getting into sucking his cock. I pulled away from his cock and then slid it back into my mouth, licking his shaft and his balls and deep-throating his cock to the point of almost gagging.

Quandrell was squirming around and making all kinds of, "ugh, ugh, ugh," noises. I felt him grab my head and started moving his hips back and forth, thrusting his cock into and out of my mouth.

Then he stopped me and sucked me for a few minutes but I'd been sucked before by Barbara so I just watched him thinking about getting back on his cock. 

Once I got him to switch back and he was in my mouth again my arousal continued to rise as I sucked on his cock. Grabbing my head again, Quandrell chuckled, "You like to have your face fucked don't you?" Without waiting for an answer he started working his hips. Quandrell's firm ways and assertive posture was exciting me tremendously. I looked up at him as he continued to fuck my face and nodded. At this point, I was sure that Quandrell knew that he had me. That he could use me anyway that he wanted, that I was there for his enjoyment. 

Quandrell continued to hold my head while he fucked my mouth. I realized that right now I was only along for the ride and I just relaxed and enjoyed getting my face fucked. Soon his big head was bumping the back of my throat and I was on the verge of gagging on Quandrell's big cock as he continued to slam it into my mouth. 

I could feel his cock getting even stiffer and knew Quandrell was about to cum so I readied my mouth and throat for his onslaught as best I could. He started thrusting his cock harder and faster into my mouth. Then all at once Quandrell thrust deeply into my mouth and held my head firmly over his cock. I could feel his cock jump as it spurted his cum deep in my throat. Spurt after spurt was deposited in my mouth. I worked to contain it but some cum slipped out of the corners of my mouth, down my chin and on to my shirt.

"Oh shit, Charles that was fucking great. You really are a good cocksucker."

I sat back on my heels panting from just being face fucked. "That was awesome," I stammered with a big grin plastered on my face.

Quandrell reached down and helped me to my feet. I looked down and saw a couple of drops of cum on my shirt. I went to wipe them off. "No, don't. Leave them. No one will know that they're cum stains but you and me," said Quandrell. I smiled sheepishly and left them. I found them somehow very erotic. 

When the rest of the guys got there, the two drops of Quandrell's cum was still on my shirt. I thought to myself what an amazing turn of events...I've been here thirty minutes and had already been on my knees sucking Quandrell's hard cock, I was induced to leave cum on my shirt. I was incredibly excited as we sat around drinking beer. The guys were all so busy drinking that no one seem to notice except Brandon, who was setting off to the side just watching.

I found myself starting to wonder, if Quandrell was going to keep my secret or would he tell the other guys that I was a cocksucker... a good cock sucker? And if he did would that be a bad thing?

Since I sucked Quandrell's cock, I've often wondered if had he been about the same size as me would, it have made me so horny. 

I sucked Quandrell several times that summer before he went off to college. By then my fiancé Barbara and I were making wedding plans so I was too business to find a replacement for Quandrell. Besides, I was about to get married and have all the sex I wanted. Boy was I young and so naïve. A married guy getting all the sex he wanted. What a joke. That was about as likely as me catching a unicorn. 

Then the same thing happened with another guy a few years later. It was on a business trip. Gordon and I were finished with our calls for the day. We'd made a couple of really good sales so we decided to celebrate. We went to a nice restaurant where we had a couple of beers while we were waiting for a table. Then a couple of more beers with our meal. So we were a little drunk when we started watching porn back in our hotel room. 

Unashamedly Gordon rubbed his cock through his pants. And as the movie got hotter, casually took it out and started stroking it. Surprised by its size especially since he was only about five foot seven, I couldn't stop looking at his cock. 

I wasn't hard from the porn but as soon as I saw the size of Gordon's cock I was instantly hard. 

When I kept looking, Gordon said something like, "I can't get hard all the way. How about you helping me?" 

I immediately turned on the couch and took the big thing in my hand. I pulled his foreskin down so I could see his big reddish/purple head. As I stroked him, a moan that slipped from his lips prompting me to get started. As his cock stiffened I slid off the couch down to my knees between his outstretched legs. As I brought my lips to the tip of Gordon's cock, I could see his pee-slit glistening with a drop of pre-cum. I touched it with the tip of my tongue and found the taste tolerable and the texture kind of nice. It was very slippery on my tongue.

"Kiss it," Gordon murmured.

I started planting kisses all over it. Kissing the tip, kissing the left side. Running my tongue down the right side. I lifted the cock up and kissed underneath it. As I kissed the head, I finished opening his fly. Without me asking, Gordon raised his hips so I could slide his pants down and off.

"You want this cock don't you?" chuckled Gordon.

I nodded yes as I kissed the shaft and started stroking him off.

"Put it in your mouth," Gordon ordered.

Sucking a cock is like getting into a swimming pool. The best way is to dive right in. I slid my mouth over his head and down his thick shaft in one smooth movement and heard him moan, "Mmmm," with pleasure at my effort. 

I didn't tease him. I started pumping the base of his cock hard with my hand and with my lips closed tightly bobbing my mouth up and down his thick shaft.

As I felt his thigh muscles tighten up and his hips thrust up off the couch, Gordon whispered, "Shit...suck that cock." 

And then I heard him grunt, "Uuuugh, ugh." Then he said, "Oh fuck, you learn fast." Then he threw back his head in enjoyment as his cock blasted the back of my throat with cum. It was warm and salty and it kind of tingled in my mouth. I swallowed as he was still pumping my mouth full and, for just a second, the head of his cock slipped down my throat and I felt his pubic hair press hard against my nose and lips.

To my horror, I felt my cock shoot off in my pants. I'd been so focused on what was happening in my mouth that I hadn't even noticed that I'd even gotten hard. But I had. Now that my attention was drawn to my own cock, I realized that it was hard to the point of bursting. Well, I guess it did burst in a sense. 

So I guess part of me got off on this scene but my throat didn't like his cock buried so deep down it. I couldn't breathe and I could barely control my gag reflex. For a second, I thought I was going to throw up all over Gordon's cock. 

It was a weird scene. My hips thrusting my cock against nothing more substantial than my underwear as I shot my load. Me, gagging down Gordon's cum while my throat tried to throw everything...cock, cum and all...back up. 

It was a shame, pleasure, embarrassment, fear all mixed together.

I managed, with a little effort, to control my retching and pulled back enough that his cock was out of my throat. I would have pulled off of him completely but his hands were on the back of my head keeping my mouth around his cock. Gordon moved slowly in and out of my mouth for a minute or so, I guess extending the afterglow of his orgasm. 

When Gordon removed his hands, I pulled away from him. 

Gordon was looking down at me with a contented look on his face. I backed away, turning as quickly as possible so that he wouldn't see that I still had an erection and wouldn't see the cum stain if it had leaked through. 

"God," I thought, "I just love fat cocks," 

After we got back to our main office, I sucked Gordon cook several times over the next couple of months and then he got transferred to another state.

My wife Barbara wasn't putting out like she should so when I lost Gordon, I replaced him. It was surprisingly easy. I just placed a couple of ads on line saying 'cocksucker looking for married cock to suck and I swallow.' Who knew so many married guys weren't getting satisfied at home and wanted their cocks sucked.