 This is a gay romance story: 

This story has been a while in production, with little time to devote to writing it has taken a long time to get the story the way I envisioned it. I do hope you enjoy it, it is lengthy to warn you, but I didn't want to spilt it up into parts I think that takes from the story, I love stories that flow evenly so this is my attempt. And, as always this is fantasy, always practice safe sex. I have had so many comments on my stories asking me to go into more detail, I hope this has enough for those who asked for it, that is why it has taken so long to finish it. Enjoy the read, like I said it is lengthy because I didn't want to chop it up.

*

Scotty and Dekeon were best friends, they grew up together in a small town in middle America. They did practically everything together, there usually wasn't one without the other. They were different from most teenagers growing up in their community, they were known as emos, short for emotional. They had good reasons to be emotional, Scotty's family life was not the best one, his father was a drunk and abuser, his mother wasn't much better, his brother Jared and he were constantly on guard just in case things went bad. 

His hair is naturally blonde but he kept it colored jet black, it was not really long but he kept it parted to the left side and was nearly always covering his beautiful blue eyes. He wore cut off black pants to board shorts, he didn't always only wear black shirts it depended on his mood. 

Dekeon's family was a good average family though they didn't like his choice in lifestyle (meaning being emo). But they got along okay and he and his sister were close. 

His hair is naturally black, he kept it long and always wore a knit cap, he wore cut off black pants to board shorts and always wore long sleeves under whatever shirt he was wearing.

My name is Peter and I am telling their story, because it's a beautiful and tragic story. So some would say then why tell it, because it deserves to be told and because they were my friends and they were the most outrageous and wonderful guys you would ever want to know.

One summer day in July they were sitting at the skate park as usual, they had graduated from high school in May and were working at the local McDonald's. They had just gotten off work and they were hanging out with their friends. Out of the blue this guy comes along with a video camera taping them as they skated.

After awhile Dekeon went over to the guy to ask about what he was up to. He said that he was a film producer and director, he was looking for young men who wanted to make extra money doing film work. That of course got Dekeon's attention because he was always broke, he called Scotty over to him and told him what was up. They both followed the guy over to his car, now I know and you know that going with a stranger in a car is wrong, but the ole mighty dollar was in Dekeon's eyesight so keep that in mind. They got into the car and he introduced himself as Steve he was from Florida, Ft. Lauderdale to be specific. 

"Well guys like I said I am a film producer and director, I think you guys would be perfect for what I have in mind. But I have to know your names and how old you are?" he asked.

"My name is Dekeon and I am 18 years old, I will be nineteen in December."

"I'm Scotty, and I am 18 too, I won't be 19 until February."

"Do you both have a photo ID so can make sure of that?"

"Sure," they both said at the same time. They pulled out their ID's and gave them to him.

"What exactly is this film that you are doing about?"

"Well first let me ask you some questions, okay?" he said as he handed back their ID's.

"Sure go ahead."

"What is your sexual orientation?"

"What!" they both said.

"Are you gay, straight, bi-sexual?"

"Straight," Dekeon said quickly.

"Me to," Scotty chimed in.

"Okay, have you ever had any type of gay experiences?"

"No way," Scotty said with a disgusted look on his face.

"Why are you asking those kinds of questions?"

"Well, I film adult movies."

"You mean like porno's," Dekeon said.

"Yes, gay porn to be specific. I hook up hot guys together film them in sexual situations, just because it's gay porn does not mean that you have to be gay to do it. A few of the guys I work with are actually straight, have girlfriends or wives. They choose to do gay porn because the pay is better than straight porn for one and for another most of the guys say that it's much easier being with a guy on camera than it is a girl because there is less drama on the set."

"Your kidding," Dekeon said.

"No I'm serious. Most of the guys are gay or bi-sexual but some are very straight."

"Wow, that is unbelievable. So what is it that you want from us then, to have sex with another guy?" Scotty said.

"Not just another guy, with each other."

"You have got to be fucking shitting me, he's my best friend I couldn't have sex with him," Dekeon said.

"I couldn't either, I think you got the wrong guys sorry," Scotty said reaching for the door handle.

"You don't want to hear how much the pay is?"

"How much?" Dekeon said.

"Well, it depends on what you are willing to do. If you work with another guy and do an oral scene and you both do oral it's around $250, if your willing to go further the pay is better. For anal sex per scene is about $800 to a $1,000."

"Your kidding," Scotty said looking over at Dekeon.

"What, your not seriously thinking about doing this are you?" Dekeon said.

"Well, where else you going to make that kind of money in one night. I know I could use it to move out of my parents house and we could get our own place together like we have been planning to do but we haven't had the money," Scotty said.

"I don't know if I could do it Scotty, its just not normal," Dekeon said sitting back in the seat.

"I don't know if I can either but its worth trying for the money isn't it?"

"Before you guys go any further, listen I am not here to push you guys into anything. I saw you guys skating and you're the type of young guys our clients are looking for, twink skater boys. Its very popular right now on our site. Maybe you guys should talk about it before you decide anything, or maybe you could come down where we are filming watch and see if it's something you are willing to do."

"I guess that would be a good idea, what do you think Deke?"

"I guess there isn't anything wrong with checking it out, but I still don't know if I could do it, especially with you."

"What do you mean especially with me?" Scotty said questionably.

"Not like that, you're my best friend what will happen to that if we do this. I don't want to lose you to make money," Dekeon said touching Scotty's arm.

"Me either."

"Okay, I think you two need time to think about this. Why don't you think about it tonight and call me tomorrow, we will see how you feel about it then and go from there, how is that?"

"Okay."

"Here is my card, call my cell tomorrow by 12 noon because I have to get this stuff shot before we head back home."

"Sounds good," Scotty said opening the car door.

That night Scotty stayed at Dekeons house and all they could do was sit staring at the TV screen, they didn't know what to say to each other. The thought of having sex with one another was beyond imagination. 

Dekeon couldn't help but think about how doing this would get Scotty out of that house of hell that he lives in, and if they had a place of their own it could be party central for all their friends. But he couldn't help thinking about what would happen to their friendship afterwards.

"What do you think we should do," Dekeon said turning to look at Scotty.

"I guess that depends on if we can do it or not. I know we could both use the money. I would love to get out of that house, I don't know how much longer I can take being there Deke. Maybe we should try it to see if we can even do it," Scotty said also turning to look at Dekeon.

"Your kidding, now you want to do it now," Dekeon said staring at his friend.

"Why not if we can't do it here in private then there is no way we could do it front of some guy on camera," Scotty said.

"I guess your right but what do we do," Dekeon said turning around in his seat to face Scotty.

"Getting naked is a place to start I guess, we have been naked together before in school so it's not really that different," Scotty said.

"It is different there aren't any other guys around and touching each other was not involved at school, this is totally different," Dekeon said standing and undoing his belt.

They both stood up took their clothes off and sat back down on the couch, not knowing what to do then. They were again in silence just staring at the TV. 

Dekeon was nearly ready to get up and get dressed again when he looked over and noticed that Scotty's cock was fully hard and he was staring at him. He did not want to let him down he would go through with it as far as he could because it seemed to be so important to Scotty to do this to get out of his parents house, and he wanted that for his friend. 

At that moment Scotty reached over and touched Dekeon's cock making Dekeon take a deep breath, he continued to touch him his hand moving up and down the shaft of his cock. He lowered his head to his lap stuck his tongue out and licked the tip of his cock. He opened his mouth wider and took Dekeon's cock fully into his mouth moving up and down on it. Using his tongue to lick the head and taking it in deep in his mouth again. It wasn't as bad as he thought in fact he was feeling really horny at the moment.

On the other hand Dekeon was freaking out in his head, the feeling of Scotty sucking his cock was so intense that he was confused. He knew it was his friend doing the sucking and he knew it was a guy. But he was starting to really like what was happening. That was the confusing part how could he like it but yet it was wrong to be having sex with another guy, especially with his best friend. At that moment Scotty chose to stop and look up at Dekeon, their faces were mere inches from touching, they were staring into each others eyes when Scotty moved in and their lips were now touching.

Scotty couldn't believe what he was doing he was kissing his best friend, seconds past then all of a sudden Dekeon was kissing him back, the rush from kissing him filled his body with longing for something more. They pulled at each others bodies, Scotty straddled Dekeon's lap still kissing him Scottty reached behind him and continued to stroke Dekeon's cock. It was a good thing that Dekeon's bedroom was in the basement because the moans from them both filled the room.

Dekeon broke the kiss looking up at Scotty straddling his cock, staring into his eyes as if without words he was asking him if this is really what he wanted. Scotty shook his head in the affirmative. Dekeon leaned forward to get into the drawer in the cabinet by the couch, he retrieved a condom and a small tube of lube. 

Scotty scooted back onto Dekeon's knees to allow him room to put the condom on, he put some lube on his cock, Scotty positioned himself over his cock. Slowly he guided Dekeon's cock to his hole, slowly he lowered himself on to Dekeon's hard cock.

S- Oh my GOD! D- You okay? S- Yeah, it fucking hurts though. D- Do you want to stop? S- No, it's fine I just have to get used to it a second. Don't move just yet. (Dekeon holds on to Scotty hips, lovingly stroking his skin) D- Ok, you tell me when your ready. (Scotty laid his head down on Dekeon's shoulder, slowly he moved his hips lowering himself down further on his cock until he was sitting fully on Dekeon's lap) S- Okay. (Dekeon slowly starts to thrust up into Scotty) D- My God, I can't believe how good this feels, your so tight on my cock. S- It does feel good, it still hurts a little but it feels good. D- God! S- Yes! D- So good! S- fuck me, oh God fuck me. D- Oh yeah I'm fucking you. S- Harder!! (staring into each others eyes as Dekeon's thrusts become more frantic, Dekeon embraces Scotty's face in his hands and they kiss passionately as their hips thrust together) D- ah yeah! S- yeah fuck yeah! D- kiss me again! S- yes! (they kiss and continue to move their hips together thrusting wildly until Scotty throws his legs around Dekeon's hips, he pushes Scotty back until he is on his back on the couch his legs in the air. Dekeon thrusts hard into Scotty as he runs his hands over Dekeon's body.) S- I think I like this too much. D- I know, me too. S- I don't want to lose you because of this, I don't want to lose my best friend. D- You won't lose me, I'm right here. (they stopped talking and began thrusting their hips faster into each other)

Scotty's moans of pleasure were getting so intense and loud that he grabbed the throw pillow and put it over his mouth because he knew he couldn't keep quiet and if he didn't do something fast he was going to wake the whole house and they would know what they had been up to. Practically screaming into the pillow he looked up at Dekeon smiling down at him, he pushed the pillow up to lightly smack him in the face with it. 

S-I'm going to cum, don't stop. Fuck me harder!!(cum exploded over his lower stomach) D-OH GOD!!! I'm cumming too! S-Cum on me! D-You want me to cum on you? S-Yes!! D-Okay. (Dekeon stroked his cock for only a few seconds more and his cock sprayed hot cum all over Scotty's stomach. Then Dekeon collapsed onto Scotty chest)

Moments later they rolled to their sides spooning on the couch, Dekeon pulled the blanket off the back of the couch covering them. Both laid there not knowing what to say to each other. They fell asleep then wrapped in each others arms.

In the morning they found themselves face to face, smiling they kissed and headed to the shower. After their shower they sat wrapped in towels on the bed.

"So do you want to call that guy and try it on camera?" Dekeon said.

"I guess so, I think it would be worth it don't you," Scotty said dropping his towel and putting on his underwear.

"Yeah it would be worth it, the money would be good too," Dekeon said with a grin.

"Your bad you know it," Scotty said throwing his towel at him.

"Well the way you were screaming for more last night tells me I'm not that bad," he said throwing the towel back at him.

"I'm sorry I didn't know it was going to feel so good, I don't know what got into me. I don't know how to describe how it made me feel to feel your cock inside me. It was like no feeling I had ever felt before."

"I know for me too, are you sure you want to do this?"

"Yeah, we have come this far."

Dekeon called Steve and got directions to where they were doing the filming. It was a large house out in the country. They pulled into the driveway, and again they talked about if they should go through with it. After again going over the good points and bad of doing it the money won out yet again. 

Steve walked out of the house and greeted them. He led them into the house, it had a large open floor plan with huge vaulted ceilings. There was about four different guys lounging on the couch in the living room. Steve led them in and introduced them to Jessup, Lane, Martin and Josh. They were pretty cool guys. Jessup was a thin guy with his hair shaved close to his head, he had lots of tattoos. Lane looked like a pretty boy, perfectly groomed hair, and tanned. Martin was a dark Latino, with dark hair and eyes, and a few tattoos. Josh was a good ole boy from the south with his accent. 

"Guys this is Dekeon and Scotty they are here to watch for now and hopefully they will get the nerve up along with other things to try out on camera. So for now Jess you and Martin are up. Let's set up on the couch first, then we will move onto the floor in front of the fireplace on these blankets and pillows we have set up. I want you to remember about watching hand and arm placement especially when I am doing a close up. Your set up is your waiting for your girls to get back from shopping you have been drinking beer and watching television. You decide to watch a movie and Jess you pop in a porno. Your watching then start stroking, rubbing your cocks and of course then you start lines about being curious and what not then start touching each other. You know where it leads just improvise the lead in. Dekeon and Scotty you guys sit over on the staircase out of view of the camera and watch how it's done. We will talk after the shoot."

They sat an watched as the two on the couch played out almost everything that they had done with each other the night before. It was amazing to them to watch how they stopped several times to allow for movement of lights and such, how the guys stroked their cocks or for one of them another guy came into to suck on his cock to keep him hard. It was like they were removed from the scene until it was time for them to get back at it.

They looked at each other and smiled kissed and quickly began touching each others bodies. Their passion coming from each other and not what they had been watching. They moved up the stairway that they were sitting on away from sight of the others, Dekeon covered Scotty's body with his own, Scotty's legs bent and knees in the air and Dekeon playfully thrust his cock on his through their clothes, while kissing passionately.

They were completely caught off guard when they heard footsteps and the shutter of a camera behind them. They turned around to see Scott taking pictures of them.

"Dude what are you doing?" Dekeon said flipping around to sit on the stair.

"Taking pictures of two hot guys getting it on, if you can't handle that I don't know how your going to when I am filming you and Mark is taking pictures."

"It's cool, we will be okay you just startled us is all," Scotty said standing up.

I want you guys to go with Michael here he is going to show you your setup and what to do to get ready if you are sure you still want to go on with it that is," Steve said retreating down the stairs.

"We are sure," Dekeon said looking at Scotty.

"Okay this is Michael he is one of my assistants he will tell you about your set up and how to get ready for the shoot, we will start in about 2 hours so listen to what he tells you to do and I will see you guys later," Steve said as he went back to the two guys on the floor in front of the fireplace.

"Alright guys follow me up stairs since your halfway up anyway," Michael said as he turned to go up the stairs.

The boys followed Michael upstairs and they went into a large bedroom with a massive king sized bed in the middle of the room. It was a bright room with floor lamps on either side of two sets of French doors that led out to a small deck off the back of the house. They followed him into the bathroom which could have been another bedroom by the size of it. It had a large glass walk in shower with shower heads on two walls and over head, a large spa tub, brown tile floors, rust colored wall color it was definitely a mans bathroom.

"Okay first thing is who is bottoming?"

"I am," Scotty said quickly.

"Okay then I need you to take these," he said handing him a box of enemas.

"Are you kidding me?"

"Nope, you have to clean out before you go on camera. Steve is really adamant about it, sometimes it happens on camera that someone is not totally clean and you get dirty shots but he likes to make sure. It's part of being a porn star they all have to do it. By the way don't use them how they are, dump the contents and rinse them out and put warm water in them, there is a chemical in there that will make you go for hours if you use it how it is now, water is better. Just fill them up and go to the toilet as much as possible. Then if you think your clean fill it up one more time go to the shower do it again then watch as you release in the shower if nothing comes out your clean. Try not to use too much water or it may come out later if you don't make sure it is all out."
