 Skar, breaching seven and a half feet, shoulders wider than most men are tall, stood before me. The playful shyness of the shower has evaporated. It evaporated at exactly the moment that his thickly veined, pulsating, monstrously huge cock reached its full size. It is obscene. Almost disgusting. So impossibly big that he could never get an erection in clothes. My mind is confused at its sight, but my body apparently isn't. Spit fills my mouth. My lip works its way under my front teeth. I hear a soft moan, surprised to find that it's mine. And then, I feel a deep, tumbling heat, somewhere below my rigid cock and heaving balls. My prostate swells with lust, and I can feel my anus relax and widen.

"In barren parts of the world, Matt, where so few live, there are some people who are ... different."

He takes a step, the massive pad of his feet near shakes the ground near me. The heaving flesh-spear jutting from a tangle of blonde pubes prods my own cock. He shifts his hip just slightly, and lays his dick on top of mine. The weight is ... incredible. 

I look down and can barely see my dick underneath his. Before today, I was the guy that scared the straights from the shower. I was the guy that walked naked to and from the lockers, letting my thick meat slap from thigh to thigh, a thwack which announced to everyone that the biggest guy in the weightroom was also the biggest guy in the lockerroom. But Skar. Skar was something from myth. I could feel the pulse in his cock. It pounded against my own - so much energy just to keep that beast erect! I think the rhythm of my heart began to match his pulse. Pound. Pound. Pound.

Skar wasn't speaking. The chiselled jut of his jaw, slashed at the chin by a masculine dint, loomed above me. He took another, slow step forward. As he came closer, the swollen, bulbous head of his cock pressed into my abs, just at the start of the trail of hair which disappeared into my pubes. I felt more than the pressure. Pre-cum. He was slick with it. Another step pushed the shining head up through the trail of hair and into the valley of my abs, trailing his cum behind it. 

I suddenly tasted the cum. Confusion, until I saw my hand in front of me, a bead of his precious liquid topping my finger. I finished it. An explosion of salt. And something else. Something that poured hot oil on the fire in my loins. In my memory of this, my eyes rolled into my head for just a second, but I can't tell what actually happened.

I fell to my knees, but before I could even open my mouth I felt Skar hook an arm under my shoulder and drag me back up, lifting me like a rag doll.

"I am sick, Matt, of pathetic men. You are not a pathetic man, yes? You have stood too as a giant before other, muscles swollen, cock bigger than anything they thought real. And you have fucked them, filled them with cum, broken their mouths and assholes. Yes? And what did you do then?"

"I ... I threw them away. Found the next guy."

He steps closer again. I am swallowed by him. His cock is pulsing between the thick muscles of my pecs. My head is between his own pecs. They are hot from the shower, pale, damp and glowing. His nipples are erect, huge and flushed with lust. His scent is intoxicating. I can't help but take a quick gulp.

"Yes. Because we can pick up a worshipper in any piece of shit town in the world. But I need someone on my level Matt. Do you think you can be that Man?"

I took another breath of his scent and looked up.

"Fucking try me," I respond, without missing a beat. 

Lust has invaded me in a way I have never felt before. My veins have been drained of blood and filled with adrenaline. Without waiting for his response, I shift my head to the left and take his swollen nipple on my mouth, moving my hand down to the thick pole of flesh pressed into my abs. I suck, hard, harder than most could bear. I bring my teeth to it, just a bit, let him feel hard pressure. He grunts approval. I begin to pump the great mass of his cock with one hand. It is so thick that my fingers do not meet my palm, and I feel my grip widened with every beat of his pulse. I move the other hand to the crook of his elbow, trailing my fingers down the furrowed chords of his veins, and clasp his hand. He squeezes in time with my pumps of his cock. I press his hand to my own cock, squeeze his bear-like paws around it. As he begins to pump I splay my feet and begin to thrust. His hands are tough with calluses, roughened by deadlift bars. It feels amazing.

He lets out a gasp, and his body goes rigid for just a second, enough for me to know that he is surprised. I switch to his other nipple and drop his cock, reaching around with both hands to hold his buttocks. I squeeze each cheek, massaging the thick muscle to the same tempo he's jerking me off to. I bring my left hand back around and raise it to his lips. I feel the wet of his tongue weaving between my fingers while I work on his nipple. It darts and presses between my fingers. I understand his signal and bring the hand back to his ass.

Slowly, bringing my other hand to his crack, I pry apart the great muscled ass checks, pressing my fingers into its warmth. I feel sweat and heat, and a forest of small, curled hairs. I press the two middle fingers of my spit-slicked hand deeper until I feel the tight ring of his anus. I detach from his nipple and tilt my head back, feel the press of his lips as he stoops for a savage, biting kiss. He presses our cocks together, both pulsing with crazed lust, veins bursting. We are pressed together between both of his hands, and he begins to frot us viciously. We chorus with a deep, rolling moan. 

I push my fingers further and feel his anus part for me. His strokes get faster and faster. For some reason he has lost the ego he swaggered out of the cubicle with. This blonde muscle giant is mine now. He melts around me as if his skin is greedy, craving my touch.

Just as I think this he reminds me of his size, quickly shifting his hands to my own ass and hoisting me into the air until we're face to face. He eases his lips to my ear and says a single word: "Yes?"

"Yes."

I am lowered to the floor. Skar pads beyond to the massage table and hinges at the waist, spreading the great bulk of his arms before him, and splaying his ass to me.

"This will be an experience for you, Matt. Much, much more than you realise."