 Welcome to my world! As always, here comes the disclaimer. You just can't live without those, can you? My stories are almost always fantasy based, (vampires and werewolves and angels, Oh my!) and this one is no different. This story holds strong BDSM themes as well as Slavery. Mind you, my depiction of Slavery is *not* real life based, it is fantasy, my idea of what real slavery might be like in my fantasy world. If you choose to get into the real world scene, do your research, make sure you have safewords and stay completely safe. That said, if none of the above bothers you, enjoy the first installment of "Slave to Love".

Eko cowered down in the corner of the well kept yet dusty corral, trying to hide his tiny form amidst the crowd of milling slaves. Yes, slaves. He had no way of knowing how he'd ended up in the city of Shalei, but one thing Eko was absolutely certain of: This was nothing even remotely similar to the world he came from. 

He'd gone to sleep in the Utopia of home, where there truly was little to no violence, children were raised in a communal setting, with not one or two parents but a mass of adults that helped and loved each and every child. The sky was a pale lavender purple, the moon a deep glowing red, and the trees had leaves the color of the richest most beautiful emeralds ever to grace the hand of the most wealthy and prestigious Lady. Utopia. Eko had never really understood what Utopia meant, because all he'd ever known was peace, laughter, gentle parents and friends, and a sense of always belonging.

And he was ripped from all of that, from his happiness, from the certainty of a future into the uncertainty of a world where people sold people for amusement and gain, where rape was non existent if it was forced upon a slave, where he had no rights, no choices, and no chance to have protected himself from the Slavers and their whips and cattle prods. 

Eko's head snapped up as two men approached the edge of the corral, eyes locked on his tiny form curled as low to the ground as possible. One was a slaver, Eko recognized him, but the other was no one he'd ever seen before, and he was most certainly the largest man he'd ever seen, so tall he towered over all those around.

"... and you're certain that this is a purchase I wont regret?" the man who spoke, the new one, he had the most incredible deep green eyes, and shoulder length auburn hair that seemed to gleam like spun rubies in the weak light of the late evening sun. His skin was pale and he had the most kind, almost gentle smile.

The slaver was quick to placate the large man as Eko watched out of the corners of his eyes and focused on listening into the conversation. "This one is nothing like the last one I sent to you." The slaver said hurriedly, "This one is very shy, he has not be used yet nor have we put him through any training what so ever, when I laid eyes on him I thought of you immediately!" The vile Slaver brightened, beaming at the large man who simply ignored him, moving along the edge of the corral towards Eko.

"He really is one of the most beautiful things I've ever seen." The big man said, speaking about him as though he wasn't even present. "How'd you get him?"

"He was taken on a short expedition to a peaceful world. We decided to only take one specimen, so we did so at night when they were asleep. They probably think this one ran away in the middle of the night. If he turns out to be good slave material we might go back to take more. What do you think of his wings, Master Daman?"

"Stunning," Master Daman sounded distracted, and Eko glanced up to see what held his attention only to find himself staring into those intense emerald green eyes. He felt captured for just a moment, like the proverbial deer in headlights, and slowly the Masters lips curved upwards into a slight smile and Eko tore his gaze away, staring down at the dusty ground beneath him as he focused on breathing, bringing the softness of his multi-hued feathered wings around his tiny body in a protective manner. "Bring him here." Daman commanded gently, then held up his hand, "Never mind, I'll go to him." Moments later he'd climbed over the wooden fencing and dropped to the ground beside Eko, kneeling down to get closer to eye level with him.

"Hello, little one." His tone was soft, but Eko cowered away from him and looked down and away, pretending he wasn't being spoken too. "How long have you been in Shalei?" he murmured, and Eko swallowed hard, fear a cold knot in his stomach.

"Th-three days, S-sir." He stammered out quietly.

"Three days, humm? Have you been touched at all during your stay here?" Daman wanted to know if he'd been misused in any way, but Eko didn't quite understand what kind of answer he wanted.

"Th-that Slaver h-hit me." He whimpered, turning his face away and blushing. "I didn't move fast enough."

Daman cut a glance towards the Slaver, who seemed bright red at the comment the slave had made, and then looked back at Eko. His hand came up to carefully brush the silken lavender-streaked black locks from his delicate face, then lifted his head by the chin so he could look into the most beautiful pale lavender eyes he'd ever seen. "I'll take him." Daman said, then released his chin and began to get to his feet, taking his newly acquired slave by the arm and pulling him up to his full height, which couldn't have been more then just under five feet to Daman's nearly Giant's Status. "Go draw up the paper work; I'm taking him home with me now." 

"Surely, Master Daman." The slaver turned and scampered off, gathering the papers he'd been presumptuous enough to have had drawn up before Daman ever even saw the slave Eko. 

Eko was silent while the humiliating exchange took place. He stood at Daman's side, and the large man never once removed his hand from the back of his neck. While it wasn't a cold touch, it was decidedly possessive, and Eko didn't like the idea of being possessed by anyone. He was his own man, he wanted to be his own man, and he felt uncertain and nervous about what he would be expected to do as the slave of this strange Master.

The walk back to what would become his new home was equally humiliating, as the Slaver had fastened a simple collar around his delicate neck, and handed a leash to his Master by which Eko was forced to be lead about as if he were some sort of animal. Nothing could have been more embarrassing, and he found the beautiful wings he was so proud of dragging on the ground, drooping with his misery until he was lead into a large and lovely home and handed over to an elderly woman to be properly "Groomed and readied."

"Donae ye be too scared of tha Master there, young one." She said briskly as she dragged him swiftly down the marble floored hallway, and then nearly pushed him through a huge doorway into what might have been considered a bathroom.

Eko paused slightly, his huge eyes gazing around the palace-like room he was engulfed in. Everything was opulent, rich, lovely and large and overwhelming. Rose and gold and pale cream were the soothing colors that met his sense of sight, and as the woman leaned down to turn the faucet on the bathtub he couldn't help but notice that it was a good three times bigger then anything he'd ever seen. It took quite some time to find his tongue after seeing where he was to live, and the entire time the kindly older woman continues to fuss around with the faucet, water, towels and soaps, sniffing each one delicately as if unable to decide what to smother him in.

"I-is he g-going to h-hurt me?" he whispered to the woman finally, unable to keep his voice from stammering and stumbling over his tongue in a manner that had him utterly ashamed and blushing profusely.

"Oooh, Aye, prolly so." The woman commented in a nonchalant manner without looking up, as if his question was of little consequence, or if hurting wasn't such a big deal.

Eko paled, he actually felt the blood chased away from his face by panic as it went to other parts of his body, and he thought for certain he was white as a cloud. The elder woman looked up; grinning as she placed her chosen soap on the edge of the tub, but her face fell when she saw Eko's terror streaked face. "Oooh, child, donae be so frightened. He's a good man, our Master is. I be promising ye, he'll be takin' a fine care of one so lovely as yerself." She came up to him, curling an arm around his tiny form, pressing him close to her side. "He's jes got some interestin' tastes in bed play." The look on Eko's face became even more terrified. He'd never done any 'bed play' let alone tried the interesting sorts.

The elderly lady chuckled softly; patting his cheek then gripped his chin and turned his face to hers. "Ye be listenin', and ye listen right'n'good." She started out firmly. "Tha Master, he be a good sort, but he can be right'n'proper frightenin' if you fight 'em. Treat 'em good, an' you'll be treated with more gentleness than ye would from most other Masters. He cares fer us all, right and true, right and true. Fed, clothed, with a nice place ta sleep and warm cozy fire an' the care of a wonderful Master. This ol' one couldna ask fer anythin' more from her life. You mind me well, donae be so frightened, he can be frightenin', he might hurt ye, but he will always care fer ya afterwards." She let go of Eko's chin, and he nodded hesitantly, swallowing hard.

"Is it horrible?" he asked her quietly as she began to help him undress. He was so stunned that she had her hands all over his body that for a moment he allowed her, and then he blushed and made a little sound as he fought to cover himself up and she shoved his hands aside.

"Oooh, I'd say nae." She told him, working his pants open while idly shoving his protective hands away again and again. "Might be a bit painful tha first few times, an' he does feel partial ta spankin's and tha like, but I be thinkin' you'll be enjoyin' it more then hatin' it, child." She finally got him completely naked and pushed him towards the tub, watching as he slipped into the water with comforting eyes.

"So lovely ye are." She commented after scrubbing all of his bare skin completely and totally clean, much to Eko's embarrassment, even doing the parts of him he'd only ever touched himself. She was brisk and efficient, not paying mind that she was touching his penis, just doing her job without thinking twice about it. "Truly, alla this black hair, falling down to your knees, with these lavender streaks, just tha same color as your eyes. So lovely. Did tha guild go an' be dying your hair when ye got there?" she asked quietly.

"No m-ma'am. That's h-how my hair g-grows" he said, and when her eyes glanced immediately to his lavender streaked groin she made an appreciative sound, nodding her head. "It is a r-rare color even among m-my p-people." He whispered quietly, fighting back tears as she worked conditioner into his hair.

"Aye, aye," she murmured, then touched his wings, causing them to shiver and rain water drops across the bathtub's surface. "An' these wings, can ye fly, child?" Eko found himself nodding mutely, "Truly fly? They be so beautiful. Tha Master prolly has ideas about them wings." She commented, "All them colors fluttering across the surface, like an oil slick, just amazin' I be telling ye for sure." She continued talking, and then rinsed his hair out; giving him blessed silence for an all too brief moment. 

When the bath was finished, she ushered him out of the tub and wrapped him in a warm fluffy towel, drying him and wrapping his long hair up to pile atop his head. "See tha table over there, young one? Go lay down on it." She pointed to the soft padded table and Eko nodded his head, lying down gingerly on his back, his heart pounding in his chest. What would come next? He had no idea, but he would soon find out.

Moments passed and then the older woman returned carrying a little tub of what she told him was hot wax. This went by with no concern that is until the woman began slathering the warm stuff all over his sensitive groin area, getting his hairs all sticky. "Be still now, child, this will only sting a moment." She pressed something to the wax, and then with a quick yank, jerked all of his hair out causing him to cry out in pain.

Hands immediately went down to protect the rest of his precious pubic hair as he gazed at her with wide eyed terror. "Why!?" he wailed quietly, precariously close to tears. 

She simply patted his cheek and smiled, "Tha master likes ye clean an' smooth. Now move your hand, child, I needs ta finish my work an' then get ye to his rooms for viewin'." It took some struggling, but she finally got his entire body to go completely hairless, and by the time she was done, Eko's eyes stung with unshed tears from the sharp stinging pain of it. 

"There there, child, its nae so bad, take a deep breath." She said, brushing out his hair, then turning him around and around to make certain she'd missed not a spot on the poor young man. "Ye'll find ya likes being with Master." She told him, and Eko only looked down, fear causing his tongue to stop working all together. He had that problem.

"Shh... come now, ye be followin' me lil one." She led him by the hand through the open doors, and Eko paused, stalling at the doorway and shaking his head. 

"I'm n-not c-clothed!" he whimpered, "I c-can't walk a-around without c-clothes on!"

"Oooh, ye be walkin' round without clothes on most tha time here in this house, tha Master doesn't like clothes." She told him seriously, and Eko's mouth dropped open, going dry. "Donae ya worry, ya wont be tha only one without clothes on." She said, then tugged him out into the hallway and began leading him.

Eko couldn't help but try and cover himself as best he could as he passed slaves, some of whom were dressed, and some of whom were not. It didn't matter, however, Eko was naked, and that's what mattered. In fact, it was ALL that mattered. His free hand kept covering up his cock as best he could, and his cheeks were so warm he was certain he could light up a room with his blush alone.

"How ol' are ye, young one?" the woman, who'd never introduced herself by name Eko realized, asked him. 

"I've s-seen e-eighteen sum-mmers." He whispered softly, his eyes locked on the floor, not wanting everyone about to see his utter humiliation.

"Ahh, so young." She mused quietly, then stopped so suddenly that Eko actually bumped into her back, stumbling, wings fluttering to catch his balance. "Here we be!" she said, and then rapped on the door three times.

"Send him in!" came the call, and the woman turned to Eko, straightening his hair, patting his cheek then nodded.

"Ye goes in 'lone now, young one." She said quietly, "Ye jes be compliant, behave as tha Master orders, and remember that no matter what he does, he will be taken good care o' ye." She opened the door and ushered the Eko in, then snapped it quickly shut so he couldn't change his mind.

Eko stood with his back and wings pressed tightly to the door, his eyes sweeping the darkly lit room even more gloriously appointed then the bathroom had been. His heart hammered painfully against his chest, an every present *THUMP* *thump* *THUMP* *thump* that he couldn't control. A shadow moved out of the corner of his eye, and Eko made a soft whimpered sound deep in the back of his throat as he pressed himself more fully to the firmly shut door.

Master Daman walked towards his new slave, so frightened, his lovely lavender eyes looking much like he'd been caught in the headlights of an oncoming truck. Daman was that truck, at least in Eko's mind, of that he was certain. The truth was however that Daman liked that look. He enjoyed the fear that fluttered across those beautiful amethyst eyes. It made him want to take the sprite of a boy into his arms and drink in the scent of that fear, taste it on his lips, smell it on his skin.

However, Daman knew better then to move to quickly with one like this. Years of practice had taught him well, if you move to fast you can break the slave and that just isn't what he had in mind, especially for sweet little Eko.

Sliding his eyes in a blatant show of approval, Daman nodded his head and then a flicker of a smile fluttered across his face. "Come here, Eko." His voice rumbled forth.

Eko glanced up, quick panicked motions, his eyes flickering from place to place and all the while pointedly missing his new Masters face and eyes. So afraid, he was, that he completely forgot what he'd been commanded, and in response didn't move or budge an inch from his position plastered with his back to the door.

Frowning, Daman shook his head. "I said..." he growled, "Come. Here."

Eko gave a terrified little whimper and then scampered forward, staring pointedly at his Masters chest, not knowing what else to do. 

Fingers slowly curled about the edge of Eko's chin, and Daman lifted his face so he could look down into the personification of innocent. "Good." He murmured, his other hand coming up to stroke along the satin-soft locks of his new slaves hair, petting much like he would a spooked animal. Soothing. 

It had the desired effect as well, Daman noted, as his slave took a deep shuddering breath and let it out in a slow whoosh of air. 

"So frightened, shhh, little one, shhh." Daman whispered, continuing to stroke his hair, pet him gently, "We have much to talk about tonight so I wont expect to much from you on our first encounter." He told Eko, nudging his chin a bit, "Look up at me, don't close your eyes little one. I want to see those beautiful lavender eyes. You must always look into my face and eyes unless I instruct you otherwise." He began, smiling a little bit.

Eko nodded his head slowly, and then his small pink tongue darted out to wet his lips nervously, making Daman want to follow that trail with his own tongue and taste that sweetness, that untouched uncharted sweetness. Managing to hold back from such an action, he was not however able to stop himself from running his thumb over the fullness of the boys' lower lip, so incredibly soft and pliant. 

"Your life has changed, Eko." He began his instruction, still petting him right where they stood in the middle of the room. "You are no longer a free agent, you are owned by me." Daman watched as fear, anger, humiliation and then resignation all flashed in those beautiful lavender eyes and he felt a pang. Such a lovely creature, stolen from his home, his life, and taken to this new world where he would be made to do things he probably never considered let a lone thought about doing to himself. 

"A-and y-you'll hurt me." Eko stammered out, surprising Daman.

"Yes, sometimes I will." Daman agreed readily enough, only to be greeted by more terror and helplessness in the small creature's eyes. "But that wont be all, Eko. You belong to me, so you will need to learn to find pleasure in my pleasure. If you please me, you should be proud of yourself. If you make me happy, you should be happy. If you follow my orders perfectly, or do your very best, you should be proud of your accomplishments. When you do well, when you please me, I will reward you." Like a pet, the words went unspoken but Eko thought them, and so did Daman.

"Tonight you will get taught the basics, and we shall see how you do." Daman continued, smiling a little smile. "I want you to stay absolutely still. You will do what I tell you the moment I tell you to do it. No matter what I do to you, you will remain still and accept the touch of your Master. Do I make myself clear, Eko?" his words spilled fear down along Eko's spine, and he nodded wordlessly, his mouth gone dry for fear of what would happen next.

Releasing Eko's face and hair, Daman took a single step back, allowing his gaze to travel down the form of his new possession. Without thought, Eko raised his hands to cover his groin, and Daman slapped his hands away. "You will never cover yourself from my gaze." He hissed in a steely voice. "This is not your body anymore, it's mine. I can do with it what I want." Simple as that, though Eko couldn't quite force his mind to wrap around the concept.
