 At 18 I was very slender and not at all muscular, although I had taut legs and a very tight ass to go with my long blonde locks. I had been a total and voluntary slut/slave to a much older man for several years now. My single mom had always been thankful that this upstanding member of the community had taken a "big brotherly" interest in her son. So much so that she had eagerly granted temporary custody during summer vacations while she visited family up north. Of course she still went these days, but I no longer needed custody. It had just become a custom.

Of course, this fine night, I was naked on the leather couch when HE entered the room. He walked up to me and slapped my ass so hard, it sounded like a gunshot. I jumped a bit and slightly moaned. When I rolled over to look at him, my cock was throbbing hard at it's full 8 inches and thick.

"Get dressed, slut. Shorts, a tee shirt and topsiders. No underwear. Put an assplug in." he growled.

Yes sir. Where are we going, sir?" I replied.

"To the MOVIES," was his cryptic reply. I hastened to obey HIM...and as usual during times like this, my heart was hammering and I was both fearful and greatly aroused.

We drove for a long time...more than three counties away. By the time we got to our destination, it was nearly 2am. It was an adult bookstore with a mini-theatre. I was told to stay put in HIS full sized SUV. A light rain began to fall. 

In short order, HE returned with an older man who got into the back with me. I knew what was expected of me...as I instantly melted into his strong arms, as his hands mauled my nipples and cock I kissed him like the total slut that I am....his cock stirred in my grip and he yanked them down as he grabbed my hair and forced my mouth down over his cock...shoving my face all the way to his pubic hair. Just the way I like to be USED. As I bobbed on his meat, he groaned to me:

"That's riiiight, you fuckin' cock sucking whore...SUCK...take it all, bitch!" 

Then, as i sensed he was getting ready to cum, I pulled off his cock and spun my ass to face him. He ripped the plug from my tender little bud with a loud "PLOP" as he started to spank me, hard. I began to mewl and whimper.

"Please, sir...PLeeeaaase, hurt me, fuck me, RAPE my tight asshole. I neeeed it soo bad!"

He went crazy with lust as he plunged his fat cock deep inside me...hammering my ass like a cheap whore. Which of course, I am! He pounded my ass until he started to spurt; when he suddenly pulled out and spun me around to cum on my face. 

My MASTER ordered me to leave the steaming hot cum on my face as I was then marched into the store. I was allowed to dress in my shorts, but that was all. In addition I was forced to be collared and a lead was attached. My face burned with shame and lust. I do so love to be humiliated. Subjugated.

There were about a half dozen older men in the store as I was led in...and the catcalls went up like a sexy bitch walking past construction workers. I started to sway my hips and my cock hardened and stuck out the leg of my shorts.

There was a long dark hallway, lit only by a single emergency red light. At the end of the hallway was a double electronic door which had to be activated by a buzzer from the front. There was a built in delay to prevent the cops from getting too intrusive before folks had a chance to get properly dressed. As I was led to the mini theatre, I noticed the films playing featured women being raped and abused....just my type! I love to imagine it's ME being forced and abused! 

The entire store followed me down the hall. In the dimness, I stopped and turned and first seductively licked my lips before deliberately dropping my shorts. I was now naked. The crowd went wild! My Master addressed the crowd and they fell silent:

"This is my slut and he loves it ROUGH! However you may not permanently mark him or cause him damage that would require a doctors care. I will return for him when the double feature is completed. Enjoy him!" He kissed me and shoved me into the dark theatre. Naked.

Before I could even get my bearings I was seized and hurled over a nearby seat. My ass was slapped as the first of many large cocks was shoved inside. As I tried to scream, another piece of man meat was shoved in my mouth. My hair was used for a handle to mouthRAPE me. The first two loads of hot cum was depositied in both my ass and mouth nearly together. 

As they withdrew, two more replaced them...and now my hands were filled with throbbing meat. I became a living breathing fuckmeat MACHINE and I loved it. I especially loved the running commentary:

"WHORE! Suck that meat BITCH! Does it hurt? Good. I LIKE hurting little bitches like you; and I know you really like it!" When they came, I was quickly soaked in cum. I licked it off wherever my slutty tongue could reach. Somebody had the bright idea to take off his belt and whip me. As it swished through the air, my skin exploded in fire and I tried to scream...but my throat was filled with cock so I only delivered a groaning hum job to the obvious pleasure of my user. He encouraged the whipping saying how much pleasure it delivered for him. Out of the corner of my eye I could see glimpses of the film and it mirrored my experience. It was comforting, somehow.

As man after man raped me and used my slutty mouth and my tummy rapidly filled with cum, the men began to tire. Finally there was only one. My MASTER! He was standing near the big screen tv that served as the screen in the tiny theatre. I was forced to crawl on my slut belly to him as the men managed to jerk off one more time over my body. I got to his feet and lovingly begged to be allowed to suck his magnificent cock and to thank him profusely for tonight's adventure. He allowed me this honor. 

When HE had dumped his slimy load down my throat, I was forced to crawl from the theatre on my hands and knees. As I wobbled down the filthy aisle I was laughed at and photographed. As I reached the back door, it swung wide open and an incredibly BEAUTIFUL NAKED WOMAN entered. She was collared and on a lead too! 

I was stunned...as her MASTER whispered to her she turned bright red and proceeded to lick all the cum from my exhausted body before giving me the most intense and wonderful blowjob I had ever had...I never realized that during the entire evening I hadn't even cum once. When I erupted into her hot tight mouth, I cam for almost a full minute...it dribbled down her chin as she was led into the theatre. I suddenly realized: Round #2 coming up!

My MASTER took me outside and casually hosed off my body with a garden hose before bundling me up. I slept for two days straight and dreamed of spurting cocks...