 One night, after weeks of working at a resort in a summer tourist town fairly far north, seven of us, the younger staff, decided to kick back a little and have some fun. Most of the tourists had left, leaving the cabins and the lake to us. Our boss had decided that we were old enough to take care of the resort with only a few people left, so we had the run of the place.

We shut down the restaurant and bar for the night, snuck out a couple of bottles of wine, and headed down to the lake. The night was cool, but the water was still warm. We waded in the shallow area, hidden by the rocks, in our bathing suits, three guys, four girls, laughing and splashing and drinking the wine right out of the bottle. Tanya, tipping over with the wine, climbed a short ladder on the lightpost and turned off the light. Suddenly we could see very little. The lake was lit only by the stars and the dim light from the boathouse. It wasn't too dark for us to see Tanya strip off her bathing suit as she walked back into the water. "Come on you guys, don't be prudes," she giggled.

I couldn't really see anyone else, but I could sense their discomfort. Should we? Troy said, "Fuck it" and pulled down his bathing suit. I could see his growing member, barely, silhouetted against the glimmer of the water. Tracy, my girlfriend, squealed and took off her bikini top. "I'll start with my top," she said. She hugged me and put her tongue down my throat. I reached my hand down the back of her bikini bottoms and reached down, trying to feel her warm pussy. She pushed me away. "Not here, not now," she said. My boner tented against my shorts. I felt like whacking off right then and there, but there was no way.

Over the next hour, everyone took off their suits an splashed around in the water. Even Tracy finally slithered out of her bottoms and joined the rest of the group as we wrestled in the water and throw each other off the dock. I took every opportunity to squeeze breasts and asses when Tracy wasn't looking, and I could feel hands from time to time on my throbbing cock and on my ass.

With the bottles of wine nearly empty, clouds gathered in the sky and blottled out the moon and stars. It was now really dark. I could hear the other giggling and still splashing, obviously drunk and losing their inhibitions. I wanted so badly to fuck Tracy, but she had kept pushing me away. She wouldn't even let me caress her ass, even though no one else could really see. I was feeling really down, and waded a little away from the group, closer to the rocks under the hanging willow branches.

Suddenly I felt arms around me in full embrace, one hand reaching immediately for my cock. Tracy had obviously come around. She massaged my cock -- for the first time since the first week of the summer -- and squeezed me. But what was that I felt against my lower back? Why was Tracy so strong? She started kissing my neck and I could feel -- what was it? -- the roughness of someone's chin. "Tracy?" I whispered, afraid to move.

"Shhh," grumbled a low voice. "It's Troy." I tried to pull away but he held me close. I could feel his cock now against my ass crack. He was stroking me a little harder now.

"Troy, stop it," I said softly. But my cock was getting harder and, strangely, his cock felt good against my ass.

"Shut up," he said, and continued to stroke me. I could hear the others giggling and singing closer to the dock, but couldn't see them. My god it felt good, my cock being pulled by another guy. I'd looked around in the group showers at the other guy's cocks more out of curiosity than anything else. I remember seeing Troy's cock, small, uncircumcized. He had been embarrassed in the shower room and always covered up as fast as he could, but I was intrigued by his thin, hooded penis, and always looked away before he'd see me or my slowly swelling friend.

He switched hands, started jacking me with his left hand, and started fingering my asshole with the fingers of his other hand. "What are you doing?"

"Your ass feels good," he said. The shift from his right hand to his left slowed things down a little and I was no longer about to cum. He splashed a little water with his hand onto my ass as he fingered my hole. Then he stopped jacking me for a moment and pressed the head of his cock against my asshole. "Easy," he said. "Shhhh." I could feel it starting to go in. It hurt, and I tried to pull away, but he held me tight, both arms now wrapped around my front. His cock moved further into me. It hurt more, but my cock was harder than ever before. My body was trying to expel his tiny penis from my ass, but the more I pushed against it the further it snuck in. I decided to give in. Soon the entire length of his thin cock was inside me. I could hear his breathing quicken. He started jacking me again with his right hand and pumped me slowly from behind. God it hurt, but I didn't want him to stop. He started pumping harder, careful not to let his cock slip out of me, knowing that I probably wouldn't let him back in. He fucked me harder and harder and jacked on my throbbing rockhard cock. I could still hear the others, only a few feet away, starting to quiet down, probably pairing up.

"Hurry up," I whispered. He groaned and fucked me faster and harder. It felt awesome. I was worried about the others hearing us. Time was running out.

"Oh god," he whispered, biting my neck gently. "God your ass feels good. Later on I want to suck your big fat cock and I want you to cum in my mouth."

"Fuck me, fuck my ass," I gurgled.

"Oh god," he said again and bucked against me. "Oh shit, oh fuck." He grunted and shuddered and I could feel his warmth inside me. His breathing shortened. He jacked me harder now. I could hardly stand it. He slid his tongue into my ear, pinched my nipple with his left hand. "Picture yourself cumming on my face," he said. I fell back against his cock and burst into spasms of cum. "Shhhhh," he whispered as I exploded. I pictured my cum splashing all of his face, all of his lips, his nose, his cheeks, down his throat.

"Fuck you," I said, "You bastard, suck that cock."

"Shhhh . . ." His cock was starting to fade inside my ass and slid out as he pulled the last of the cum out of my cock. "We'll play later." He pulled his limp member out of my hole, hugged me close, then waded back towards the group.

I could feel my seed all over my legs, tangled in my leg hair, one thin thread swinging down from the end of my raw cock. I washed myself down quietly then slid under the water, careful not to get any in my hair. I couldn't see the water, but I pictured it covered in a skin of my semen.

I made my way back to the group. My ass stung. I couldn't imagine what I had just done. I'd never ever thought about doing anything like that, but now couldn't wait to get back to my room, which I shared with Troy. I was somewhat afraid of what would happen over the last three days of summer, but also curious. The clouds receded and the stars and moon came out again, and I could see the group again, paired up, embracing, tickling each other.

"Danny," said Tracy. "Where were you?"

"Oh, just thinking things over," I said. I heard Troy snicker under his breath and could see him caressing his girlfriend's tits.

"Yeah, me too," said Tracy. "You know, we're going home soon. I think we should start seeing other people." She squeezed my arm and gave me a sympathetic grin.

"Whatever."