 Chris went to the back to ask his friend what happened. He found Ed going through some paperwork for new tattoo guns. He seemed pretty frustrated.

"Hey man, what happened with the kid?"

"That kid isn't ready. He won't be good here." Ed said writing some numbers down.

"What'd you say to him? He sounded like he was gonna cry."

"Really? He's definitely not right for here. And nothing much just his art wasn't good and he wouldn't be right here."

"Damn man that's pretty harsh. Just spit on his dreams while you're at it."

Ed finally looked up at Chris with an annoyed look.

"Look man I'm just saying everybody starts somewhere and you know that kid has potential. His sketches weren't that bad."

"Okay even then, the kid was shy and he's too sensitive for a place like this. He probably doesn't have any ink himself."

"None of that even maters if he wants to learn." 

The bell rang as someone came into the shop.

"Think about it Ed how could two extra hands be bad around here?"

"Just go help the customer." Ed said frustrated. 

Chris left Ed to think and work. Ed wanted to get back to work but began thinking about that kid. Maybe Chris is right, he thought. He shouldn't have taken his anger out on that kid. His damn ex wife had him running on fumes lately. He put that out of his mind and scribbled down Angel Saviter on a sticky note.

***

When I got home it was noon. I decided to call my Dad and see if he was up for lunch or something to keep my mind off of what just happened. I called but there was no answer. He's probably already out of the house as usual. I sat on the couch and thought about Ed. The man was undeniably sexy but he was also a jerk. 

I went to my desk and began to draw again. At the same time I was thinking about that conversation. I did for awhile until my hand and head were aching. When Iooked at my finished drawing I was happy with it. It wasn't the best but it was one of the better ones. I looked at it for awhile, the more I did the more I started to not like it. I ended up crumbling it up and started to draw another one. Right when my pencil hit the paper my phone rang. 

I didn't know the number but I answered any way. 

"Hello?"

"Hey Angel this is Chris from Skin and Ink. I called to let you know that we could use your help around the shop. It probably won't be what you expect. It's more maintenance and helping me and Ed out, but I'd be happy to teach you some tips and tricks with drawing while your here. What do you say?"

"Oh, well umm.. I don't think I can work there Chris. Like Ed said, I'm not the right fit."

"Forget about what he said Angel. He was just angry about something he's going through right now. I talked to him and it was his idea for me to call you."

"How did you get my number?" I asked.

"Oh I actually searched you on Instagram. So are you up for the job?"

I took the phone away from my face to think. A minute later Chris's voice came through the phone.

"You still there?"

"Yea I'm sorry and sure I'll take the job."

"Cool be here tomorrow at eight a.m."

"OK, thanks Chris, bye."

I hung up and took a deep breath. I got a job at a tattoo shop. I glanced over at the paper I was about to start drawing on and stared at it a bit. I needed to practice just in case. The rest of the day was spent drawing.

***

"Hey Ed, I told Angel he could start tomorrow."

"Ok."

"And I was wondering if I could have the day off too. My Lady's parents are in town tomorrow only and she wants me there."

"Seriously? This comes up and you tell the new guy to come tomorrow."

"You can train him can't you?"

Ed grumbled something that Chris couldn't hear.

"What was that bud?"

"Fine take the day off. Also, don't call me bud. I'm your uncle." Ed turned away from Chris to go through some of his recent sketches.

Chris smiled. He liked messing with his uncle sometimes. "Thanks man, appreciate it."

Chris left back to the front of the shop. Ed exhaled loudly thinking about tomorrow and the new guy. He finished up another sketch before closing the shop and heading home.

***

The next morning I was up early, ready for the first day. I was also very nervous about it too. At least Chris will be there hopefully he'll be teaching me what to do.

I got to the shop just as the owner Ed was unlocking the door. God, he looked so sexy. I cleared my throat and said,

"Morning Sir."

"Angel, call me Ed." He grumbled to me.

Ed opened up the shop and turned on the lights. He opened up the register and checked some papers. I stood there awkwardly as he did. 

"Let's go to the back." He said to me.

I followed him to the room where we talked the day before. He shuffled through some more papers. I sat in the same chair as yesterday as Ed found what he was looking for. He handed me a paper.

"That's the job's pay, hours, and duties. We didn't get to discuss them yesterday."

That's because you were a jerk I thought. I looked at the job overview and was surprised that they would pay me more than my last job. The hours were good and I would be around some very talented artists. 

"This sounds great." I couldn't stop my smile.

He cleared his throat and stood up. Ed stuck out his hand for me to shake. I quickly shook his big, warm, strong hand. He gripped mine firm and I felt my insides quiver. He pulled out of the shake before me. I've never felt that before in my life.

"About yesterday-," He started but I cut him off.

"It's alright Ed, Chris already talked to me. Also if I'll be working here I'll be able to learn from some of the best to improve my not so good artwork."

I saw his eyebrow move when I said the last part. He took nodded and took a deep breath.

"Let's get this day started." He grumbled.

***

Throughout my first day I learned several things from Ed. He taught me where all the tattoo equipment should go when the orders arrived every first of the month. I learned how to use the cash register a bit but Ed said I wouldn't be doing that too much because Chris usually did that. I learned where all the cleaning equipment was and how to clean the 'right way' according to Ed. Ed handled all the customers that day. There wasn't many, only about five people came in. 

Ed seemed to be very liked by his customers. They came in and greeted him like they were good friends. Ed put on a different demeanor whenever a customer was in the shop. When it was just me and him it was pretty quiet other than the faint alternative rock coming from the radio by the register. Though, when there's a customer he smiles big and becomes very friendly. When I first saw his smile when that first lady walked in with her boyfriend I almost dropped the broom I was using to sweep. He had a perfect smile with bright white teeth. I quickly got back to work after that. I didn't want to be fired for zoning out and checking out the boss.

When a customer came in an hour before closing Ed decided to let me sit in and watch him outline a coy fish onto the man's arm. I came in and sat just as Ed was starting. The electric purr of the tattoo gun filled the room.

"So Ed, you hired a newbie?" The man asked.

"Yup, this is the kids first day."

"Are you better than Ed man?"

I hesitated then spoke, "No I'm not even close. I'm just here to learn."

"Well if you stick around this big guy I'm sure you'll become just as good as he is."

"Hopefully, right now my art compared to his is like a elementary school kids art."

The guy in the chair held in a laugh. "Don't make me laugh kid. I'm trying to get some ink here."

"I'm sorry about that."

He grinned and shook his head. "How's the wife doing Ed?"

Ed stopped for a second looking flustered then continued and said, "She's fine, probably lounging around on some beach with my money." He sounded bitter.

"What! Last time I was here you guys were like love birds."

Ed a lovebird. That would be a sight to see. Since yesterday all I've seen of his personality was a grumpy side.

"That was months ago Willy." Ed said.

"Damn man. I'm sorry about that. Mind spillin' your guts?"

He exhaled then started. "A couple months back-, Angel go out front and clean the windows."

"Oh- uh-, yes sir." So much for letting me watch.

I went to the back of the shop in search of the windex wondering what they were talking about in there. I made myself think of something else so I could finish my first day.

**

I was finishing up the outside windows when the door opened and Willy walked out. I tipped my head to him and he said,

"See you later kid."

Ed stepped out and told me to come inside. I put the cleaning equipment away and found Ed in his office. 

"Good job today Angel. Be here tomorrow at the same time." For a quick second I thought I saw a small smile. 

"Thanks Ed, see you tomorrow morning."

He tipped his head to me and I left his office. I made sure everything was clean then left the shop. 

***

While I was in the shower that night a big feeling of happiness came over me. I felt like this job was what I've been needing. Tonight I saw Ed actually lightening up to me being there. I need to work harder on my art so he can see that I actually want to learn. Yeah, that's it. I'll take Chris's advice and draw every single day now. Working harder than the day before. 

***

I've been working at Skin & Ink now for two weeks and it's been great. I help maintain the shop, like keeping it clean changing up the designs on the windows, I also sometimes help some customers find a tattoo that they like and unload the trucks that come on the first of the month. I was really happy with my job. 

Chris was glad to hear I took his advice on drawing every day. He even helped me in the shop some days when there were no customers. I would bring my sketchbook and he'd give me tips on my drawings such as line technique, shading values, and perspectives. I actually saw some improvements after these two weeks. 

Ed well, he was opening up little by little around me. He only talked to me when he had something for me to do, but his tone changed since I started working here. I know looked forward to hearing him tell me what to do. His voice could make me melt if I wasn't at work. I was crushing on my boss big time. He often came to the shop running a bit late with only a muscle shirt on. He would rush to shop from across town to find me waiting with Chris in front of the shop. I discretely checked him out on those days so I wouldn't get caught and get the shit beat out of me. I just tried to focus on the shop so my mind wouldn't drift to Ed.

Today Chris told me he would let me use a tattoo gun to practice on a design that I've been working on. I was looking forward to it because I have no former experience with a tattoo gun. While thinking it over I was mopping up the floors in the small restroom when Chris came in.

"Hey Angel, ready to work with the gun?"

"Yea, just give me a minute to finish up." 

"Cool, I'll be in Ed's office. Come get me when your done."

"Alright." 

I finished up and put away the mop. I went to the back of the shop to empty the water in the mop bucket when I saw three kids tagging on the back of the shops wall. They looked like they were in highschool.

"Hey!" I ran towards them expecting them to run off but only two of them did. 

The one that stood his ground braced himself. I hesitated and the kid took his chance. He slugged me right on my nose. I fell to the ground holding my nose as I felt waves of pain and the warmth of blood on my hands. 

"Hey!" Ed's voiced boomed.

The kids ran off then and Ed came to me. He gently grabbed my arm and helped me up. 

"Ed those kids were-," 

"I know Angel, let's go to my office." 

"Don't you wanna get them?" I winced from the pain.

"Don't talk Angel. Your nose might be broken."

He took me to his office and sat me down. He took my hands off my nose and replaced It with a clean rag. 

"Hold it with some pressure." 

Chris walked in then and saw what happened. 

"Holy shit Angel. You okay?" His eyebrows furrowed showing concern.

"Yea I'm- I'm oka-y." For some reason whenever people where around when I was close to tears it just pushes me over the edge. Especially when they talk to me about it. Chris asking me that had me close to shedding tears. 

"Chris go check the security cameras to see if you can see their faces." Ed told him.

"Alright." He left the office. 

I took a deep breath trying to get myself to calm down. Ed pulled up a chair in front of me and sat down facing me. 

"Let me see it Angel." His voice was deep, low, and concerned. 

I slowly moved the rag away and Ed checked out my nose. He lightly touched my nose and I winced from the pain. 

"Sorry," He said very low.

"It's okay."

As he cleaned and checked my nose I stared into his eyes. The longer I looked the more I felt my insides tingling. He had me hold the rag against my nose again and took a breath. 

"Your nose is broken Angel. I can call an ambulance if you want or I could set it myself."

"Set it?"

"Pop it back into place."

I didn't have money for a hospital bill or insurance so I had to suck it up. I took a deep breath and nodded my head. I looked at him and said,

"Okay, go ahead."

"You sure?" He asked.

I nodded again and braced myself for pain. He lightly put his hands on my nose. I felt tingles where he was touching my face but I figured it was from the pain.

"one-, two-, three!"

The sounds of my bones popping filled my ears and I groaned loudly in pain. I was gripping my legs so hard with my hands that I was sure I would have bruises later. 

"One more set Angel and it'll be straight again." 

"What! We're not done." I touched my nose and flinched from the pain.

"Don't touch it idiot." He said. 

I thought it was harsh but when I looked at him he was smiling a bit. Really? I'm in a lot of pain and this is the first time I see that smile. I shook my head again and squeezed my eyes shut.

"Okay hurry up and do it." I raised my voice a bit higher than I had in years.

Ed's hands got in position and he counted down again before finishing straightening my nose.

I groaned even louder and slammed my hand on the table making some things jump. I immediately stood up lightly holding my nose. The pain had dulled a bit but was still making me clench my hand. 

"I'm sorry about that Ed the pain just-,"

"It's fine Angel. I Didn't know you were capable of talking that loud." He laughed a little as he straightened up his desk.

The sound of his laugh sent a chill down my back. I went to the mirror he had next to the door of his office. My nose and my right eye were starting to bruise.

Chris walked back in the office then. 

"I could get some of their faces off the footage so I'm gonna call the cops."

"Alright thanks Chris." Ed said.

Chris left the office and Ed said,

"You want me to take you home?"

I looked up at him when he asked. "I think I can finish my shift. There's only two more hours."

"I'm not that big of an ass hole man. I wouldn't make you work after this." He reached into his desk and pulled out his keys. "C'mon I'm parked in the back."

"Isn't Chris calling the cops? Won't they want to speak to me?"

"No worries, I'll take care of them. Let's just get you home." 

I followed him to the back towards his car. Man his whole attitude changed. Sucks that this had to happen but I'm kinda glad it did. 

He was being so kind and his voice was so nice and comforting. I felt my pants beginning to tighten and made myself think of a different topic. 

He opened the door for me which I thought was very nice and a little odd. It's not like my legs or hands were hurt. I hopped in and he shut the door behind me. He went over to the driver side and hopped in too. He put his seat belt on and looked at the steering wheel. He just stayed staring at it seemingly deep in thought.

"Ed?" It's like he couldn't hear me. "Ed..., Eddie?"

He seemed to wake up from his daze and looked at me funny. "You okay?" I asked.

"Your asking me if I'm okay? Worry about yourself." I saw that small smile again. "Where do you live?"

"Just down the street. I'll tell you when we're close."

We drove five minutes until we made it to my apartment. I pointed it out and Ed came to a stop in front of the apartment building.

I took off my seatbelt but before I got out I said, "Thanks Ed, I really appreciate this. I looked into his eyes and my jaw started quivering. 

I continued, "umm, I'll see you tomorrow."

"Tomorrow? No, go ahead and take a couple days off Angel." 

"I really don't think I'll need to take two days off because of this." 

His big hand moved to my shoulder and lightly held on. I felt those small tingles under his hand and almost jumped in my seat. I looked from his big forearm to his face and he was just looking into my eyes. Once our eyes met I couldn't look away. They showed concern but there was also something else that I quite couldn't read. My face flushed red and I felt myself getting harder by the second. The loud crash of a dumpster being closed made me look away from Ed's eyes. I became really flustered and said,

"I-, um-, I'll see you in a couple days." I hopped out and quickly walked to my building.

I didn't realize that Ed had watched me the whole way. I also didn't realize he was checking me out at the same time.

***

That night I sat on my couch eating dinner and watching a movie. It was hard to pay attention to anything with Ed on my mind. 

That look we shared in his car, it felt so intimate. I couldn't stop seeing him in my head and every time I replay that moment in my head I started driving my mind crazy thinking of what that look was. The most logical thought was that he was checking my nose out again. That had to be it. These thoughts clouded my mind throughout the next two days.

***

When I got to the shop in the morning Chris was already waiting there. He looked up from his phone and smiled when he saw me.

"Hey Angel, feeling better? Looks like the bruising isn't that bad."

"Yea I'm getting there. I really just hope I don't sneeze."

He laughed. "Man Ed is always running late. I'd fire him if I was the boss."

The mention of him made me nervous all over again. 

"Well speak of the devil." Chris said. 

Ed parked right in front of us. He hopped out and said good morning to us as he unlocked and opened the shop. My stomach started doing flips right when I saw him. 

"Hey Ed, you mind waking up a bit earlier or something? It sucks waiting every morning man."

"Don't start with me Chris." Ed said as he plugged in the open sign. 

"Just saying." I could here annoyance coming from Chris's tone.

I've never seen Chris in foul mood before. I went to the back to get ready for the day to come.

During my shift I had to mop up the place and as I was doing so an older customer came in for a tattoo. He sat in one of the chairs I needed to mop under. I suddenly wasn't sure what I should do. I decided to ask the man if he minded sitting in a different chair.

"Not at all my boy." The last words were low and husky. I met his eyes and he winked at me. I felt my face blush and I quickly looked away. 

"Thanks," I replied meekly.

Chris from behind the register was discretely paying attention to the guy. He was looking through the book of designs Ed offered but occasionally took a glance towards me. Chris went to the back where the security camera monitors were. 

The man thought he was alone with me so he said,

"Hey kid, why don't come over here and help me pick something out."

I froze and turned to him gripping the mop tightly with nervousness. I looked around and Chris was still in the back doing something and Ed was out but would be back soon.
