 Oh God, I could feel his thick cock beginning to press against me. He had greased me with K-Y lotion all over my asshole and his cock, and now I was on my hands and knees about to receive him.

His cock head slid against my ass cheeks, seeking that warm, special spot. He moved it upwards until it caught the my crack, and a slight gasp left my parted lips as I felt it pushing. I arched my back as his strong, calloused hands found a better grip on my hips, and my calves raised off of the bed, my black 5" spiked high heels pointing upwards.

"Oooooohhh," I moaned, the cock head puncturing me. This man was the epitome of my dream lover. A 54 year-old black man with the physique and stamina of a man half his age, Marcus was virile, aggressive, and completely dominant with me. He knew what he wanted from me, and he took it. Standing 6 foot-five, 235 well-muscled pounds, with an exaggerated divers' build and an enormous cock, I melted with lust when we were introduced by a mutual photographer friend, who was at that moment shooting video and still photos of our session in Marcus' bedroom. That was just a few a hours ago. Now here I was, in Marcus' bed, dressed to kill in my black lingerie and full makeup. I was about to be fucked like no other of the many men I had had sex with had ever done.

I let my feet drop over his calves as he pushed into me. He was so strong. My asshole stretched grudgingly, stretching out and over his hot, iron-hard cock. A full, true, 12 inches long, and almost 7 inches around, Marcus could easily hurt me without even trying. Instead, he patiently entered me, inch by lovely inch, letting me relax and adjust to him. I knew before we were through, he'd be hammering me like the slut that I truly am.

"AAAAAHH, MY GOD," I burst out. The camera shutter clicked away as my eyes closed tightly and my mouth opened wide, the full force of Marcus' entry being caught on audio tape. "OH GOD, you're SO BIG!"

One of Marcus' big hands slid up onto my back, pushing me down onto my chest. My hands now freed from holding me up, I reached around behind me and used my fingers to spread my ass open as wide as I possibly could to ease his thrust into my very depths. The K-Y lotion made it hard to get a grip, and I had to constantly reposition my fingers close to his cock. I felt him shift behind me, leaning forward over my back, one hand pushing me down, the other cupped over my shoulder, holding me tightly in place to take him into my body. His cock slid in deeper, deeper, deeper, and I could feel him plowing all the way up to my stomach. I let out a cry of pain as he bumped against my tailbone, but he effortlessly shifted his angle just slightly, still driving mercilessly forward, into my bowels and beyond. For a moment I lost my breath, no sound coming out of my mouth, and I thought I would faint if he went any deeper. Just then, I felt his ball sack bang against mine.

"How does that feel?" I heard him ask in his deep, husky voice, his breath in my ear. 

"Oh, oh, YES!" I managed. 

"Stay right there," he said, raising back up. He grabbed hold of my hips again, and began to very slowly pull the dong back out of my ass, which grudgingly gave it up. I felt like I was being pulled inside out. He felt so good!

* * * * *

When Jack the photographer suggested we go meet this friend of his, I was willing. Jack and I had been to bed together several times, and although we were just friends now, he still introduced me to friends of his in the video business on occasion. "You've never met a stud like Marcus before, trust me," he said.

"You know I do, Jack," I said. "If you say this guy is hung, well, I believe you. And you know how I feel about black men."

We drove to Marcus' house in the suburbs, a beautiful, wooded estate with an outdoor pool and Jacuzzi. Marcus had just gotten out of the pool, and I could clearly see the outline of something wonderful in his Speedos. Introductions were made, drinks were poured, the arrangement was discussed, and within one half hour I was in the bathroom changing into my outfit and applying makeup while Jack set up his equipment in the master bedroom.

When I strutted out in my heels, Jack immediately started shooting. Marcus was laying on the edge of the bed, waiting for me, still in his swimsuit. I knew why I was there, so I went directly to him. As we discussed, I was to submit completely to this man, who would be fucking me for most of the afternoon. According to Jack, Marcus could stay up for several hours, even after multiple climaxes. 

He pulled me to him, onto the bed. I was rolled onto my back, and he lifted my legs over his shoulders and began to eat me, far from gently. His long rough tongue snaked across and into my hole, making me squeal with delight. Pushing my thighs back and lifting my ass off the bed, he extended his tongue and fucked me with it, making me bicycle the air and moan loudly. Suddenly he stopped, dropping me back onto the bed, and quickly inserted first 2 fingers, then three, then four. We looked into each others' eyes as he gauged my ability to take him. Then he smiled.

"I believe he can take it, Jack, don't you think? he asked.

"Let me see it," Jack answered, clicking off pictures.

Marcus looked down at me, the smile replaced with one of dominance. It was a look I had seen many times on different men, and I knew what it meant. I was in for a long, hot, sweaty day.

He got up, taking me by the hand, and walked to the foot of the bed. Jack had a close-up camera sitting there. Marcus guided me to my knees and instructed me to pull down his suit. I gently pulled the tight fabric over his member and down his legs. Then he put one big hand on my head, and pulled me onto his cock, which he held up with the other. He wasn't completely hard yet, but I could tell he was huge, with a large, defined mushroom head covered by a thick, loose foreskin, perched on top of a glistening, veiny shaft. His hold tightened in my hair, and his other hand dropped loosely by his side while Jack zoomed in for a close-up.

Marcus gradually came up, filling my mouth so full that I couldn't keep my teeth off of it. I gagged when the cock was pushed against the back of my mouth, and gasped for breath when he pulled back. I wasn't sucking him - I couldn't. He was simply fucking my mouth, and letting me know exactly who was in charge. It was a "power" thing that some men do, especially when they're paying for the sex or when they're being filmed. It makes them feel more macho, I guess, and it makes me feel very subservient, tightly controlled, and extremely feminine. Just the way I wanted to feel.

Looking up at him, I could see him smiling. I fought back the gag reflex as long as I could, hoping he would either stop or come before I choked. When he began to breathe heavily, I knew it would soon be the latter. The smile slowly left his face, and the controlling leer returned. His yes began to glaze over, and his strokes slower. I tasted the first drops of his precum oozing over my tongue, and I grabbed the base of his cock and his balls and gently milked him until he unleashed his load in waves of groaning, gulping excitement. 

His cum was hot and strong, almost bitter. He wasn't paying to have it wasted, but the camera likes a good cumshot, so I let some of the load run out and down my chin. The rest I swallowed. He seemed to be pleased, and slowly unwound his fingers from my hair as he fought to get control of his breath. When he did, he surprised me by leaning down and kissing me full on the mouth, holding my face in his hands. It was actually a very tender and sensuous kiss, and I began to think there was more to this man than I had thought. 

When he pulled back, he looked into my eyes, and I felt a shiver run up my spine. He took my hands and pulled me to my feet, then in one smooth motion, swept me up like a bride, and carried me to his bed.

* * * * *

Marcus' mammoth uncut cock slipped all the way out of me with an audible popping noise. He paused for a moment, and I quivered, expecting him to drive right back in. He soon did. A little faster this time, I felt my hips being spread apart with the strength of his manhood.

"OH, YES! Oh, baby, YES! Oh your cock is so big! Oh my God! Oh my God!"

Jack came around to shoot my expression. I looked directly into the camera and licked my lips seductively, but I knew my face was contorted with a mixture of agony and ecstasy. Marcus began to fuck me deeply, pulling my waist back and forth over his cock while I tried desperately to hold my greasy asshole open for him. The salty, strong taste of his semen was still in my mouth, and then scent of his cock was in my nostrils. Marcus was breathing hard, but I knew it wasn't from exertion; it was his lust for the sex. Jack moved all around the room with his camera as I was fucked and dominated, and all I could do was keep holding myself open for my new black lover.

The feeling of the thick cock inside me was both heaven and hell. His thickness was all I could handle, painful, but in a "hurt me so good" way, just on the verge of making my moans of lust turn to wails of pain. It was his length that was more than I could comfortably take. The last few inches of him, as he maneuvered around my tailbone and up into my intestines, felt as if he were shoving a baseball bat into my ass. I couldn't help but groan and cry out when he forced it in. Luckily, though, he knew he was too much for me, and didn't always go in completely, and went easy when he did. When those big, hanging balls were slapping against mine, I swear I could feel Marcus' dick pressing against the wall of my tummy.

For 15 excruciating , torturous, lovely, minutes, Marcus fucked me doggy style while I moaned, yelped, and whimpered. Eventually he had me pushed up against the headboard, so that I had to use my hands to keep it from banging my head with each of his strokes. He grabbed my ankles, and pulled them up off of his legs, changing the angle of his cock in my "pussy" and tightening my sphincter around him at the same time. 

"OHHH!," I screamed. "OH! OH!" I thrashed beneath him, as much as possible considering the way I was nailed to the mattress by this man. 

"Give me a ride, baby," he said. "Come on, little bronco, buck for me!"

His strokes became shorter, but faster. He would pull out right to the edge, just enough to let my poor, abused bunghole start to relax for just a split second, and then he would pry me open again with another quick jab. My asshole was hot now, the sensations quickly building to overpowering, and I couldn't help but scream out his name over and over.

"OH, MARCUS! OH, BABY! FUCK ME, MARCUS! FUCK ME! FUCK ME! FUCK ME!" The feeling in my asshole were so incredibly intense. "AAOOOHHHH, yes! Oh my God, baby! Yes, give it to me! Give it to me! Oh FUCK ME! Marcus, Marcus, OOHHHH Marcus, fuck me in my ass! 

Then suddenly, Marcus roared like a maddened bull, slapped me across the ass, and drove into me deeply. His muscular cock flexed and bulged, and I felt it vomit a burning jet of his cum. As his load poured into me, his whole body jerked and twitched, his fingers digging tightly into my skin as he fought for control. Gasping and sighing, I savored his orgasm, feeling it warm me inside as his cock belched again and again. Each shot made Marcus lurch slightly, his cock forcing the hot juice into me.

Marcus quickly withdrew from me, rolling onto his back beside me. Exhausted, I couldn't move, except to collapse flat onto my stomach. Still gaped open, a lot of his semen ran out of me onto the sheets. I closed my legs, but could still feel hot rivers of his load trickling down my legs. 

We laid next to each other for awhile, Jack filming us, and Marcus rolled over on top of me a kissed me passionately. His body was so much bigger than mine. He basically smothered my lingerie-covered skin as we made out. I wrapped my arms around his back and my legs over his, and hungrily sucked his tongue. We were both very horny and excited, even though this was supposed to be just business and the cameras were rolling. Marcus covered my mouth with his, sliding his tongue over mine, barely letting me breathe. I groaned from a combination of my lust for him and the weight of his body crushing me into the bed. I was so hot for him, I couldn't help myself. I wanted him to fuck me again.

His lips moved to my neck, and I held his head in my hands and guided him. 

"Oh yes, Marcus, make love to me," I purred. "Make sweet love to me, baby." 

I could feel his cock between us, pushing against my stomach. I didn't care if I couldn't walk afterwards, I wanted it up my ass. "Please fuck me, honey, please? I want you inside me."

"That's what we're here for, sweet thing," he smiled. He raised up on his knees, and taking my ankles in his strong hands, pushed them back towards me, forcing my knees to bend back onto my chest. Then, leaning over me, with his arms straddling me, he pinned my legs against his sides. The look of power came over his face again, and I could feel the humongous dick swinging against me as he swiveled his waist to bring the weapon in to play. I was soon breathing heavily again, even before he entered me. 

"You've got a fabulous penis," I smiled to him.

Without using his hands, he expertly guided the head of his cock up to my snatch and smoothly eased it past my puckered lips, swollen with the ecstasy of being his toy. As he pushed, my head fell back into the pillow, my eyes closing , and a long, satisfied sigh leaving my open mouth. He pressed down and in, deeply sinking the cock into my pussy, and the angle was so exquisite - he was hitting my prostate oh, so good. I had never had a man rub my G-spot so well before. His extra-thick size and slippery foreskin was just perfect for a continuous, long massage.

"Ooooooooooh, yeah, that's what I need," I panted. "You're fucking me so well, so good. Fuck me nice and slow, baby, fuck me good."

But then, just when I thought Marcus was going to give me that long, slow, gentle fuck I needed so desperately, he forced those last 3 inches all the way up into my body, crushing my legs tightly down onto my chest.

"OH MY GAWD!" I screamed. "OH God, Marcus! OHH! Please, baby, oh my God, please! You're hurting me!"

"Yeah," he said simply. "I want you to have it all. Take it all, bitch!"

I tossed my head up and down and back and forth from the pain, but squirming was useless. He had me pinned down tight and helpless, and he knew it. He kept his weight on top of me like that that with his balls squashed against my ass cheeks forever it seemed, and all I could do was cry out and beg him to let up. But he just leered down at me, his face inches from mine, his tongue flicking over my lips, keeping them wet. 

"Please, baby, OH MY GOD! Please pull it out!" I groaned.

Finally he relented, easing those last, tormenting inches out of me. I gulped air as he lifted himself up, onto his knees, stretching my legs out and setting them on his shoulders. Most of his amazing cock was still up my asshole. I gasped and coughed, tears running down my cheeks as I opened my eyes and looked imploringly up at him.

"Who's paying for this here?" he asked , looking at me.

"You are, baby. I'm sorry. Your cock is just too much for me in this position."

He curled his lips back, and bumped the cock back in an inch. I cried out, but the message was clear. As long as I submitted, unquestioningly, we would get along fine. Otherwise, I was in for the most sadistic, tortuous fuck session I had ever gotten, more painful even than the marathon 20-hour, 8-man gangbang I had taken part in a few years ago.

"Who's your Master" he asked.

I nodded at him, gasping and wiping at my eyes. "You, you are," I stammered. The cock pulled back again. I could see Jack out of the corner of my eye with the video camera, filming a close-up of my face. Marcus lifted my left leg over his head and rolled me onto my side, and lay down behind me, his cock never fully pulling out of me.

He held my ankle up and over him, giving Jack a clear shot at my crotch. I braced myself on the bed, and Marcus began to fuck me. He pumped me with long, slow, strokes, the kind that drive me wild. Quickly my cries of pain turned back into lustful cries of wanting him, needing him, craving the dominance of my Master. It was something inside me; I needed to give my body up to a man completely. I needed my Stud Master to keep me in line, abuse and satisfy me sexually, tease me, rape me, keep me as his sex slave and play toy. I needed him to share me with his friends, fuck me in public, and teach me how to always please him in every way. 

"Yes, baby, fuck me just like that, oh I need you to fuck me just like that."

The cock immediately drove all the way up my tender asshole. "Who's your Master?" he spoke in my ear.

I yelped loudly. "You are," I said, understanding. "Fuck me, Master."

He squeezed my thigh tightly, his fingers digging in, and his strokes became faster, moving in and out of my backdoor at different angles. Sometimes he pressed hard forward, scrapping my G-spot forcefully. This man knew just how to fuck me, just how to handle me. I felt so lucky to be in bed with this man right now. 

I felt my first orgasm approaching, building slowly somewhere deep in my groin, tickling me from inside. I had to tell him how good he was making me feel, even if it meant being speared with all 12 inches again as punishment.

"Master, I'm coming. You're making me cum, Master!"

He seemed pleased. He nuzzled my neck and kept sliding it in and out of me from behind, bouncing off of my G-spot, until I began whimpering with delight and my body began shaking uncontrollably. He held me tightly against him and coaxed me right over the edge.

"Come for me," he said. "Make your Master proud, make Master real proud."

As he caressed me, I felt the orgasm suddenly burst through my body like a tornado, and I wailed like a cat in heat.

"OoooooOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHH! OH! OOHH! OOOOOOOOOOOH! AAAAAHHH!

Master Marcus rode me right though my orgasm and held my bucking waist against him. I let my body collapse back towards him, breathing hard from the exertion. He removed himself from me, and got up from our bed. 

"I need to reload," Jack said, "and take a piss." He turned towards the bathroom.

"Wait," Marcus said. Jack turned to him, hands on his hips, and for a moment they looked at each other. Then Jack began to smile. I rolled over onto my back and stretched my legs out, watching them. 

"Has he had any training?" , Marcus asked., gesturing towards me. What were they up to?

"Not extensively, but some. We did a shoot last year with a Dom who had a dungeon and a couple of female slaves. He was taught a few basic commands for the video, but it only lasted one day. He didn't stay for a complete lesson."

Now I knew. They were talking about Sexual Slavery, something I had fantasized about since the shoot last year with that leather Master in Chicago that had never had a male slave before. Jack wanted to try some new equipment in an outdoor setting, so he arranged a session for me with this man he found on the Internet. We did the shoot at a reservoir outside of town, on a steel dock next to the water. Dressed in leather boots and harness, with a ball gag in my mouth, the guy tied me up to the piping and told me how I was to act and how he expected me to behave, before he fucked me. I didn't expect this today.

Marcus turned back to me. "I believe we'll expand your experiences a bit today, bitch." I had a pretty good idea what he meant. True BDSM Masters commanded complete obedience from their slaves, more so than I had ever been subjected to, more so than Marcus was demanding up until this moment. Now I could see what I had noticed before: that Marcus was a true cocksman. He knew bondage and discipline.
