 *Disclaimer: All people, places and actions in this story is purely fictional. This story contains sexual content between men. Some of the actions are quite extreme and the author does not condone any of these acts. If you don't like it, there are millions of other stories on the internet you may like instead. That being said, I hope you enjoy this story. All feedback is welcome to allow for changes, inspiration and encouragement. Enjoy. 

~~~

Josh was top dog in school and he knew it. Standing at 6'1" and weighing a muscled 195 lbs, he was the perfect specimen for being the star receiver at Riverwood High School. Just having turned 18, he had already had his pick of girls who fawned over his every move. Getting a girl to give up all inhibitions was no problem for Josh, but he did have a single problem he needed help with.

As great as he was as a star receiver for the school, the school itself was part of a small district. This led to Josh not getting too many colleges interested in him as they thought that his prowess on the field was a result of weak competition rather than skill on Josh's part. It also didn't help that he had poor grades and was always skipping school in order to either get drunk with his friends or mess around with girls. As people began to make plans for after high school, Josh found himself without any prospects besides working manual labor or minimum wage in jobs around town. It was then that he heard a rumor from one of his friends.

They were taking shots during a party when his friend Bill dropped a comment about how the Red Dragons were starting a new round of recruitment. The Red Dragons were famous, even in the small town of Riverwood. Based in the larger nearby city, the Red Dragons were dominant in trafficking both drugs and weapons all over the west coast. It turned out that Bill heard from another friend that the Red Dragons were looking for recruits for the inner circle. It was rare for something like this to happen, as the Red Dragons were known for loyalty and getting directly into the inner circle was almost unheard of. Josh was reluctant to believe any of this, yet Bill insisted that with the current bodyguards of the inner circle moving up the ranks as the Dragons were expanding, they were looking for some more fresh meat to train.

Even with this information, Josh was quickly dismissive of the rumor. Although being a bodyguard was the job of a lifetime as it almost always led to key jobs within the organization, Josh was doubtful to believe that it was that easy. Yet for some reason, this piece of information stuck to his head through the next week. As school ended and his mom constantly nagged him about getting a job, it wasn't until his next meeting with Bill that he finally made a decision. Bill had come up to him with some drinks as Josh was ranting about how his mother wouldn't get off his back when he mentioned again how the Red Dragons were looking for new recruits. This time however, he had a specific place and time, the Bomb House in two days, and a special keyword in order to get into the secret room. It turned out that the Dragons were spreading the word in order to try to get as many possible recruits as they could. Without anything else to lose, Josh waved his mom off the next day, took the last $300 he had saved up and left for Hazelcrest by bus.

When Josh first walked into the Bomb House on the day Bill had told him, he was met with smoke and the loud roar of drunken customers. He took note of the dim lighting, including how the bulb closest to the door was tinged slightly red, a sign that this entire establishment was under the control of the Red Dragons. Looking around, Josh noticed that many of the people here must have also belonged to the Mob, with an unmistakable winged serpent brandished on the forearms of many of the patrons. What surprised him most was how clean cut these men were. Their tattoos were flashy, but easily hidden by more formal dress, and their clothing was far from the torn-up wife-beaters typically seen worn by the street gangs. He took a look around and saw a large man, dressed in a dark suit and glasses hovering by a black curtain in the back corner of the room. That was a good sign, as it was exactly what Bill had told him to expect. As Josh made his way over, he began to feel nervous for the first time. Yeah, he had bullied some kids at school for homework and alcohol, but he wasn't the hardened criminals that the Dragons were. Heck, he didn't even have a single tattoo. As Josh approached the suited man guarding the entrance, he found himself feeling small, as the man was at least 6'7" and a good 250 lbs or more. It wasn't often that Josh felt dwarfed, but this was definitely what he was feeling now.

Josh felt nervous as he approached and fumbled with his wallet. He pulled out 17 dollars, the secret number, and handed it to the man. Josh felt his heart clench as the the bouncer slowly counted out every bill and looked up at him with a glare. After a few agonizing seconds of silence, the man pulled back the curtain and waved him through. Josh let out a sigh of relief as he walked in. Thank goodness Bill's information had been correct, as the money that Josh gave the bouncer was the last of his cash. This "audition" was Josh's do-or-die moment.

As Josh passed the curtain, he followed the corridor until he met a staircase. Going down the staircase and through another curtain revealed that the Bomb House was just a front, as there was a huge basement layout underneath the establishment. As Josh walked in, he was met with a new throng of people, at least 100 or more. Many were just as big as Josh was, if not bigger. There were some smaller, thinner guys, but they were all supporting either tattoos or the Red Dragons attire. It seemed like the rumors were true, as this job was so good even people already in the organization were wanting the position.

The hum in the crowd grew silent as a new man entered. He was around Josh's height and build, except that his muscles were more defined and he had an air of authority around him. He looked like he was in his mid thirties, with his blonde hair combed back. Josh saw why everyone had been quiet as the silver ring shimmering from his middle finger symbolized his high rank within the Dragons. After introducing himself by the name of Dmitri, he quickly moved on to letting every single person know that they will be assessed of their worthiness through a string of tests.

Over the next 3 hours, the entire group was guided through a variety of exercises, weight training, combat sparring, and more under Dmitri's careful watch. Towards the end, more and more members of the Dragons showed up to watch. They were easily discernible as they were in black suits with red ties, in contrast to the sweaty men who were currently in one on one wrestling matches.

Josh had fared pretty well, and despite losing a few matches to men who were much more trained in combat, he was able to take a man over 60 lbs heavier than he was by surprise. Looking over, he saw a slight approving nod from Dmitri and continued with the next battle.

When a whistle blew, everyone took a breath of relief, with a few even collapsing from exhaustion from the exercises. Over the next few minutes, people were chosen from the crowd and led to an adjoining room. Josh watched as the other men were chosen, all of which were large and most had the markings of already being part of the Dragons.

Josh's heart clenched as Dmitri walked towards his direction, hoping that he too was chosen. When he reached Josh, he was silent, simply putting a hand on Josh's neck and lifting his chin up. After a few seconds of careful scrutiny, in which Josh didn't dare move, Dmitri let out a grunt and waved him towards the others who were chosen.

With that, Dmitri dismissed the rest of the people, a loud groan coming from the crowd of those who were not chosen. Dmitri simply ignored them as he led Josh towards the room. When he entered, he was led to a locker room style shower room. Dmitri motioned for him to strip and go in, as most of those who had already been chosen were already rinsing off the sweat and musk of the last three hours. Josh quickly stripped and made his way to the room. It was then that he realized that despite being 6'1", he was the smallest guy in the room. All of the other men were at least a few years older than he was, taller by at least a few inches and ripped beyond belief. Josh was even self conscious about showering, and quickly rinsed himself off before reaching for his clothes.

When he looked around, he noticed that all of their clothes had been taken, and in their place only a stack of towels. He was unsure of what to do until the other guys finished and nonchalantly wrapped a towel around their waist, seemingly unfazed by the lack of clothing. At that moment, Dmitri led them all to yet another room, one which was smaller and warmer than the others. Josh could feel the thick carpet on his bare feet as he made his way in with the others. Inside, were two other Red Dragons members, slightly younger than Dmitri and dressed in their black suits. Sitting in the only chair on one side was another guy, Josh was surprised as he seemed to be around his age. With all of the men in towels shuffled in, Josh was able to get a count. 8, no 9 new recruits including him.

Dmitri greeted the men and congratulated them for passing. "And now let me tell you about this job."

With that the younger guy stood up and introduced himself.

"Hello everyone," The guy was exactly Josh's height, yet his tailored grey suit showed off his swimmer's build. "My name is Lucas Romano, and welcome to my inner circle."

It was now so obvious. The dark hair, the sharp observing eyes, the aura of authority. It was trademark of the Romano Clan, the ruling family of the Red Dragons. Everyone knew that the godfather of the Dragons, Alec Romano, had a son, but he had not been in public view.

"Your new job is to protect Lucas with your life," Dmitri cut in. "That is your job, that is your life. If you can do that, then you are part of the family."

With that, the two other men behind Dmitri began to lead everyone out, yet Dmitri put a hand on Josh's shoulder. After the others had left, it was only Josh, Dmitri and Lucas left in the room. Dmitri approached Josh and he could do nothing less than stand still.

"Do you pledge your allegiance to the Dragons?"

Josh's throat became dry, yet he was able to force out a solid "Yes".

Lucas then approached him, having taken his jacket off was now eye to eye with Josh.

"Do you pledge your life to me?" Josh could feel Lucas' hot breath on his skin and he found it difficult to even hold the gaze with him.

"Yes" Josh was able to say, this time his voice less shaky.

He saw Lucas give a grin. "Prove it."

Josh felt his towel being pulled off his waist and he turned to see that Dmitri now had it in his hand.

Lucas now had his hand on Josh's neck, moving his chin up and down in inspection. Josh could only hold still as Lucas' hands roamed across his chest, flinching in surprise as Lucas gave a quick twist of his right nipple. His hands moved down his abs and towards his groin.

Josh wanted to jump away as Lucas had his balls in his hand, but the sheer pressure in the room kept him from moving a single inch. Josh squirmed as Lucas continued to roll in balls in his palm, and he could feel himself getting aroused by the stimulation. Within a minute, he felt himself completely hard, and almost flinched as Lucas made his way over to his shaft, gently stroking it to attention. Josh had nothing to be shy of, as he was slightly above average and had never had any complains about his size, but he was still uncomfortable about being under the control of another man.

"Kneel," Lucas commanded, taking his hands off of Josh and waiting in anticipation.

Josh was still frozen until a quick nudge by Dmitri brought him back to his senses. He slowly knelt down as Lucas made his way back towards him. Josh could only watch as Lucas began to unzip his trousers and pull them off. Before he knew it, Lucas' underwear was off and Josh's face was mere inches away from the huge member.

Josh could smell the manly scent as he stared at the semi-hard cock dangling in front of his face. It was not at it's full length and it already easily out sized Josh's tool.

"Suck it," He heard Lucas say, and Josh apprehensively opened his mouth, still unsure if he was really going to actually take another man's member in his mouth.

Without giving Josh time to think, Lucas nudged forward and his dick came into contact with Josh's mouth. Josh recoiled, surprised at the quick motion and the brief sensation of a warm cock on his lips. Lucas put a hand on his member, gently waving the tool in front of Josh's face.

"Are you ready now?" He asked, yet Josh knelt there, mesmerized by the flesh swinging back and forth in front of his face.

He felt Dmitri come up behind him and gently pry at his jaw. As soon as his mouth opened, Lucas had stuck the tip of the huge member in his mouth, his hand on the back of Josh's head in order to prevent him from backing away.

Josh was now looking straight at Lucas' groin, the thin trail of dark hair traveling from the defined, yet not overly muscled abs to the neatly trimmed bush. The size of Lucas' member however meant that even though part of it was in his mouth, Josh's face was still a good six inches away. Out of curiosity, knowing that he couldn't close his mouth at that point, Josh felt his tongue roam around his mouth, making contact with Lucas' head. It felt slimy and Josh had to hold back his gag reflex as he realized the salty taste in his mouth was nothing other than the precum of another man.

Josh's movements excited Lucas however, and he proceeded to put more pressure on the back of Josh's head. Nudging a little bit at a time, Lucas' small back and forth motions mimicked a gentle fucking of Josh's mouth.

"Suck," he heard Lucas command.

Josh tentatively started bobbing his own head on Lucas' dick, making sure not to use any teeth, as that was always his biggest annoyance whenever a girl sucked his. He tried to take the dick a little deeper each time, knowing that Lucas would expect as much pleasure from him as possible, but was disheartened every time he opened his eyes, as he was nowhere close to being able to contain the whole thing in his mouth.

For the next few minutes as Lucas allowed him to try his best at giving a decent blowjob, he felt his knees being nudged apart and something rough being fastened to his ankles. He didn't dare turn and look, knowing that his actions were under the careful scrutiny of Lucas, who was looking down at him in dissatisfaction. He felt his arms being moved from his sides to behind him and the same rough material being tied to his wrists. It was then that he realized that Dmitri was tying up his hands behind him.

He turned to protest, but the second that Lucas' cock left his lips, he felt a firm grasp on his jaw. Turning back around, he saw that Lucas had leaned over and was now eye level with him.

"I think you need some help." Josh gulped as Lucas' eyes were darkened in anger and could only let the other man control him as he proceeded to stick his cock beck into his mouth. Now that Josh was helpless and tied, Lucas began to thrust deeper into Josh's mouth. A little at first but more and more until Josh pulled back in a fit of gagging, as his mouth felt completely full and he needed a deep breath of air.

Lucas only gave him a mere moment of respite before pulling Josh's face back towards him and sticking his cock down his throat. Lucas now had both hands behind Josh's head, and had stepped forward, pulling Josh's face deep into his crotch with every thrust. All Josh could do was attempt to loosen his throat and take ragged breaths as Lucas proceeded to fuck his throat mercilessly, faster and faster. Just when Josh felt like he couldn't take it any more, he felt Lucas pull his head all the way towards him, forcing the giant member even deeper down his throat. Josh's nostrils were now tickled as they made a solid impact into Lucas's hair and he could smell the sweaty musk of Lucas' crotch as he felt Lucas' dick starting to pulse.

He knew exactly what was going to happen and he was powerless to stop it. Josh could feel it as every inch of Lucas's cock in his throat began to pulse and cum shot straight down his throat. Lucas held him there as he climaxed, letting out a satisfied moan as spurt after spurt of cum shot through his shaft.

When it was over, Josh felt as Lucas' grip on him disappear and he was able to pull his head off Lucas's dick. Breathless and heaving, all he could do was alternate from taking ragged breaths and coughing from the invasion of his mouth. His complete submission couldn't have rang truer as with every cough, Josh saw streams of Lucas's cum fly out, as well was leak from his mouth. As Lucas had shot so deep into his throat, it was only after having some of it come up that he tasted the cum for the first time. It was slightly thick and had a salty taste, and Josh immediately spat it onto the thick carpet along with the strands he had already coughed up.

After Josh was able to catch his breath, he looked around and saw that it was only him and Lucas in the room. Dmitri must have left without him noticing. It was then that he saw what Dmitri had done with his legs. Josh could feel that his arms were tied behind his back, but a quick look showed that there was a metal bar a little over two feet long with straps on either end, which were tied to his ankles. This made it so that his legs were forced apart at all times, which made Josh wonder about what was to come. Movement caught Josh's attention as he watched Lucas step out of his clothes. He peeled off the dress shirt to reveal his well toned swimmer's body, not overly muscled and all hair neatly trimmed. His dick was now flaccid one again, and still a good 6 inches. Images flooded Josh's mind as he remembered how large that tool could get, at least 9 inches long and too thick to put his hand around if they were free.

Josh couldn't move as Lucas walked over to him, completely naked and squatting so that they were at eye level.

"Now for the fun part," Lucas said with a grin, the glint in his eye made Josh nervous. Hadn't he done enough already to prove that he was willing to do whatever Lucas wanted?

Lucas made his way behind Josh and quickly yanked the metal bar up from the ground, causing Josh to topple unceremoniously on his face. Without his arms free to break his fall, it was only the plush carpet that dampened the impact. Josh looked up and noticed that his face had landed right at the area where he had spat out Lucas' cum from moments earlier, a reminder of what he had already gone through.

He was painfully aware of the new and compromising position he was now in, with his knees and face on the floor and his butt sticking up in the air. He flinched as he felt a sharp smack across his cheeks. Josh continued to squirm as Lucas alternated between slapping, pinching and kneading his bare cheeks, a feeling Josh was unfamiliar with.

Suddenly, he heard a spitting sound and felt a wet sensation on his ass. He looked around and was just barely able to catch the exact moment that Lucas began to probe him.

"No, no, not there" he managed to cry out as he felt one of Lucas' fingers poking at his hole. Josh tried to clench his ass as hard as he could, but after a forceful shove, he let out a loud cry as Lucas' finger entered him. The foreign feel of something wiggling inside him made Josh squirm even more as Lucas began to make thrusting motions with his finger.

After a few seconds, he felt the intrusion leave and heard a popping noise. It was soon followed by Lucas' finger once again, now colder and slipperier, as Lucas had just added some lube to the mixture of spit.
