 "Come on," he said, leading the way into the living room that I had seen from the door. It had a nice view of the garden in which a gardener was tending to some bushes in the far corner. My face was still covered with Roberts cum, and Robert wasn't wearing anything except a t-shirt, but the prospect of being seen by the gardener like this didn't seem to worry him, so I guessed his windows were tinted or something so no one could look in from the outside.

"Why don't you get naked while I get us something to drink?" Robert asked, "White wine?"

"Sure," I replied and so he went off to the kitchen. I watched him take his muscular butt to the kitchen, then I took off my clothes and sat down on the sofa, admiring the garden.

"Great garden," I remarked when Robert returned with a glass of bubbling champagne, his cock dangling between his legs.

"Yeah, Jose is very good at what he does." he replied with a smile. "Something to nibble on with your champagne?" he asked, presenting his thickening cock.

I took a sip of champagne, put the glass down and scooched to the edge of the sofa. Then I put my hands on his buttcheeks and pulled him close. This time I started with his hairless balls which I gave a thorough tongue bath. Then I lay down on the couch and told Robert to sit on my face, which he eagerly did. 

I watched his hairless asshole descend on my face and guided his final approach so that my eager tongue found its mark right away. Again I stuck it into his rear as far as I could, which was even further as before thanks to Robert squatting over my. He enjoyed my licking tongue and gyrated his hips on my face to give me access to every nook and cranny.

I suddenly felt my legs being raised and a warm tongue pressed against my asshole. Since Robert wasn't leaning forward I knew it was a third person who was doing that. Even though I was in a hormone-induced stupor I quickly figured out that it must have been Jose the gardener. His tongue did quite a number on me and I was soon sporting a nice erection again. He was indeed, as Robert had said, very good at what he was doing.

Robert changed position and lowered his big hanging balls into my mouth. Jose, whose tongue had softened and moistened my asshole considerably, had retreated from my butt and I was sure that I would soon find out if he was as well hung as his employer.

Well, he was. From the feel of it he had a good inch of circumference on Robert and it felt as if somebody was trying to push a can of coke into my anal passage. Although I had some pretty impressive dildos at home I had never had anything that big trying to enter me. I stopped sucking Robert's balls and concentrated on the pain and the pleasure I was feeling in my rear end.

Finally my sphincter gave way and I felt Jose's well-lubricated cock slowly slide deeper and deeper into me until he bottomed out, the tip of his dick grazing my prostate.

Robert got up and I saw my intruder for the first time. Jose was a muscular Latino, his chiseled chest was are and glistening with sweat from the work in the garden. His features were handsome, yet very masculine and he grinned at me when he said with only a hint of an accent:

"I hope your ass-pussy can take my cock. I'm gonna fuck you good!"

True to his word he began to fuck my, slowly at first but he soon picked up the speed. His thick cock had the perfect length and curve and so he pummeled my sweet spot mercilessly with every stroke which put me on a slow but sure way to an earth-shattering orgasm.

Robert meanwhile, had changed his position again and was slowly fucking my mouth. He was taking his time, which led me to believe that he wanted to get a piece of my ass before he came. 

Jose's strokes soon became faster and harder. He was nearing orgasm, but so was I. Robert, sensing that, removed his dick from his mouth and stood next to the couch to enjoy the show. Jose was sweating profusely now, thick drops splashing on my stomach and groin. He was panting through gritted teeth and was pounding his cock furiously into me. His relentless assault of my prostate had my head spinning. Deep inside me an orgasm of epic proportions was building when Jose bellowed like a wounded animal and began to hose my insides with thick sprays of seed, all the while keeping up a steady fucking of my butt, although it wasn't as fierce as before.

Robert knelt down next to the sofa, his head only inches from my cock which was close to bursting. In his hand he was holding an empty champagne glass that he brought close to my cockhead, the other hand took hold of my cock. Just then one final push put me over the edge and I came with a scream. Cum shot from my purple cockhead and landed on my face and chest, my asshole spasmed around Jose's still spurting cock. Robert managed to catch some of the next spurts but there was enough semen to wet my stomach and even Robert's cheek.

After what seemed like minutes I stopped cumming and the three of us looked at each other, Jose and I smiling in post-orgasmic bliss, Robert looking hornily from my dick to my cum in the glass to Jose's cock which was still buried in my ass.

"You want a piece of this?" Jose grunted and slowly withdrew his fuckmeat from my cum-soaked ass.

"Oh yeah," Robert said, licking his lips, "nothing like sloppy seconds."

Jose got up and stood next to the couch. His dick, although slowly flagging, was still massive. It was glistening with cum and a big drop was still hanging from its tip. I licked my lips.

"Come on, Joe, let him clean your dick." Robert urged Jose.

Jose stepped up to my head and offered me his fuckstick. Without hesitation I opened my mouth and slurped his massive tool into my mouth. Although I had just come I was still so horny that I craved cock and cum and Jose's meat was just too tasty a morsel to pass up on. His cum tasted sweet I found enough of it under his foreskin to make me happy.

Meanwhile, Robert had got onto the couch and was kneeling between my legs. He was stroking his cock with one hand, while holding the glass with my cum in the other.

"Man, what a mess. It's a shame you can't see it, Frank, your asshole is wide open and the cum is everywhere."

He let go of his cock and stuck three fingers into my well-used ass. When he removed them they were smeared with Jose's cum which he then proceeded to lick off. Then he stuck his fingers back into me, four this time, harvested some more cum. This time he leaned forward and offered my his cum-smeared fingers. I let go of Jose's cock and licked Robert's hands clean, then I returned to slobbering Jose's monster that was already hardening again. One look at his face and I knew that he would soon be ready for round two.

Robert was now drinking some of my cum from the glass. He poured the rest into his palm and lubed up his cock with it. Putting the glass aside he used his now free hand to enter me again. He made a spirited attempt to force his whole hand into me, but it wouldn't fit.

"We'll have to try that another time," Robert said determinedly, "let's fuck!"

He lined up his cock with my asshole and pushed. Jose had loosened my so well that my sphincter offered no resistance and so Robert was able to enter me all the way in a long, luxurious stroke, His dickhead grazed my prostate, but since his dick was longer he didn't hit it spot on for which I was grateful. Jose's fucking had been intense and I wasn't sure how much I would have enjoyed another prostate massage in such short order.

Robert soon settled into a nice and steady and very enjoyable rhythm I went back to sucking Jose's cock and his huge, sweaty balls. No wonder he had filled me like that, his balls wouldn't have looked out of place on a bull. I gave them a thorough licking and then used my hands to steer Jose in a better position to let me rim him.

Like his ballsack Jose's asshole was sweaty from his work in the sun, which, together with his powerful manly taste made for an intoxicating combination. I slobbered around his hole for a while and then went in for the prize, invading his sphincter with the tip of my tongue. Soon I had him grinding his ass on my face while he was wanking his cock furiously.

Although he had come just twenty minutes ago, Jose was soon at the point of no-return. He got up and squatted over me, pointing his dick at my mouth.

"Oh yeah, cum in my mouth, come on!" I yelled at Jose and he delivered. Stream after stream of his creamy white seed splashed into my mouth and I swallowed what I could. Jose knelt and pushed his massive dickhead, still spurting, into my mouth. The cum flowed from my mouth like thick, delicious honey.

Robert was so turned on by the sight that he was pushed over the edge and for the second time that day my anal passage was filled with cum. It took Robert a good minute to finish cumming. Then the three of us lay panting on the couch, cum-smeared and happy.