 Disclaimer: Welcome to my world! As always, here comes the disclaimer. You just can't live without those, can you? My stories are almost always fantasy based, (vampires and werewolves and angels, Oh my!) and this one is no different. This story holds strong BDSM themes as well as Slavery, polyamoury and romance. Mind you, my depiction of Slavery is *not* real life based, it is fantasy, my idea of what real slavery might be like in my fantasy world.

If you choose to get into the real world scene, do your research, make sure you have safewords and stay completely safe, sane, and consensual. The D/s world can be a wonderful thing when enjoyed safely, as kinks or as a lifestyle. That said, if none of the above bothers you, enjoy the fourth installment of "Slave to Love".

Eko woke to the slow even sound of Angel's breathing against the back of his neck. The arms of the other boy were gently wrapped around him, his body nestled between the soft feathers of Eko's wings, and the bright flame of his hair fanned out and mingled with the black and lavender of Eko's own tresses.

He didn't want to open his eyes, it was too warm and special, and he thought if he opened his eyes the spell would break and he'd be in some new hellish experience he couldn't even comprehend. A soft murmur escaped Angel's lips, tickling the edge of Eko's ear, and a sigh soon followed after that as he shifted and moved against Eko's back. 

Something warm and firm pressed in against his rear, and Eko drew in a sharp breath as he heard the other boy moan softly, squirming a little against him. Hips began to rock, rubbing that hard length against Eko's ass, and after a moment listening to Angel's steady breathing, he realized that the other slave was still asleep. Some tender emotion whipped throughout Eko's heart, causing his breathing to stutter and freeze in his chest as he fought to remain still. Angel might stop if he woke him, and he didn't want him to stop for some unknown reason.

Precum slicked the passage of the young man's shaft as he slowly thrust himself against Eko's tender rump, and soon, each thrust began to rub against that part of him he'd never let anyone touch willingly before. Biting his lip hard, he tried vainly to stay quiet, his heart hammering in his chest as he fought to stay still. After a little while, though, it was too much for him to take and a low moan escaped his mouth.

That was enough to break the spell.

Angel stilled against him as he clawed his way to consciousness, murmuring unintelligibly for a moment before taking a deep breath and trying again. "Eko? Are you okay?" Angel's sweet voice was like music to Eko's ears, soothing and gentle.

He had to swallow hard twice before he could bring himself to answer, but finally he managed to get out a hoarse, "Yes." His throat still hurt from the night before, but it wasn't as bad as he thought it would be.

Angel leaned up on his arms, looking down on Eko's heated and flushed face, frowning slightly, his hair all sleep-mused and his cheeks showing creases from the pillowcase. Understanding dawned on Angel after a moment when Eko couldn't help but squirm against him, and his cock slipped in the still slick passage, not even close to entering him, but intimate enough for the innocent angel. 

"Oooh," Angel said, grinning slightly as he eyed Eko's face, which heated up further and turned a startling shade of crimson. He laid himself back down against the pillow, sliding his hand down along Eko's belly teasingly before gripping his cock, then hissed vehemently. "Damnit, I forgot he put that thing on you. I'm sorry, Eko, I can't make you feel better."

"S'okay." Eko's soft whisper was oppressive, his sadness weighing heavily on his heart. He turned his face into the pillow and sighed heavily, closing his eyes again and trying to block out the memory of what'd happened to him the last few days. It was hard, so hard for him. He'd never been any place like this, he'd never gone through such violence or pain or humiliation, and suddenly he was awash in all three.

Angel's hands began to slowly stroke along his body, one in his hair and the other along his belly. It was meant to be a soothing touch, but it only lit the fires of Eko's need and in so doing, caused him to whimper helplessly as his cock tried to swell in the confines of the chastity device his Master, evil man that he is, had put on him.

"Why do you love him so much?" Eko whispered, "He's ... he's so awful." A broken sob freed itself from his chest before he even recognized it was coming, as if his mind just couldn't keep up with all that had happened to him the last few days, numb to the needs and feelings of his body. "Why?" he said again, pain in his voice.

The other slave's sigh whispered throughout the room as he laid beside Eko and thought about the answer to this question. It wasn't a terribly hard question, but to explain it was near impossible, Angel didn't even really understand why he loved Master Daman himself.

"You know... you know how when you meet someone that acts real stupid? Thing is, no matter how dumb they act, you know that there's more to em?" Angel finally asked, and Eko nodded his head slowly. "Well, it's kinda like that with Master Daman. He acts like nothin' bothers him very much. He acts like he doesn't care, but I think even if he can't admit it to himself, that deep down he really does care. I think deep down he wants to love us, and take care of us, and that he wants to be loved too."

"Then why didn't you tell him you loved him too last night?" Came the whispered reply, as if the words could set a curse in motion if spoken to loud.

Angel was silent once more, thoughts swirling around in his head, until finally he let out a soft whimpered sigh and pressed his face in against the nape of Eko's neck. "Because I wanted to hurt him." He finally whispered, shame dripping from his voice.

Eko tried to shift away from Angel, wanting to turn so he could face the other boy, but he was laying on one of his wings. "Move just a moment." he asked, and Angel complied without a word until Eko was able to face him, his huge lavender eyes full of compassion and something else, some sweet emotion Angel couldn't put into words but touched his heart on some unnamed level none the less.

"Makes sense that you'd want to hurt him. He hurts you." Eko said logically, blinking those huge innocent eyes and then rolling his slight shoulders in a gentle shrug.

"Yeah, but it's wrong. You shouldn't hurt the people you love, no matter how much they hurt you." 

Eko thought about that for a moment, chewing absently on his lower lip as his eyes contemplated the wall over Angel's shoulder, then finally he nodded his head hesitantly. "I guess you're right." He sighed, closing his eyes to mask the pain hidden there. "Do you think he really loves you?"

"No." The single word came immediately, and was devoid of any emotion, so hollow in fact that Eko didn't believe his ears so he opened his eyes once more and gazed into that beautiful face. What he saw there hurt him. Not like Daman hurt him, but it hurt his heart. Angel's eyes were black, devoid of anything, and he stared sightless for a moment before snapping out of it and offering a weak smile. "Why would he love me? I'm just a slave, a scarred and used up slave." He whispered, and Eko's heart tightened in his chest so hard he didn't think he'd be able to breath.

"You're lovable." he said, and when Angel looked doubtful he said it again with more conviction. "You are, you're lovable."

"Yeah? Who's gonna love me? Most people won't even look at me." he said, giving a harsh laugh.

"I look at you." The words came so soft, Eko wasn't certain he'd said them out loud, but when his eyes fluttered shyly up to Angel's face, his blush coming back with a vengeance, he saw the look that Angel gave him. It was another one of those painful looks, the kind of look you wish you hadn't seen, but you were glad that you did because it told so very much about a person. Angel's eyes were misted with tears, glittering in the pale light streaming in from the single barred window near the ceiling of the room. His adams apple bobbed numerous times as he swallowed, trying to get his vocal chords to work, and his face was pale with the effort it took to keep himself in check.

Angel brought one hand up to touch Eko's cheek, the fingers of that hand showing a fine tremor as his emotions tried to fight their way out, and the boy managed to keep them in, if only for a few moments more. Those trembling fingers brushed over Eko's cheek, gentle and tender as they moved down along his jaw, over his chin and then against the softness of his lips. Those lips parted at the touch, just a little, and Eko's tiny pink tongue darted out to lick at the fingertips gently as his eyes tried to tell Angel without words how he felt. A quick intake of breath was all he had in response to that little lick, but it was enough. He knew Angel liked him, he thought he did at any rate, or maybe he should say he hoped so.

Eko began to return the gesture, his hand sneaking upward to Angel's face, but he paused and spent a moment letting his fingers trail the outline of the raised scar, the one that branded Angel a whore. The boy's face began to crumple at the simple touch, but Eko didn't stop. His fingers trailed along that scar, taking it one letter at a time, slow and steady, and then moved up to the other scar and did the same there while the other slave tried to hold onto what little composure he had.

"They're ugly." He whispered, voice on the very verge of tears. Eko shook his head silently.

"Only because you hate them. I think... I think you're the most beautiful person I've ever seen."

"Why do you keep saying I'm beautiful? I'm not beautiful!" The sudden anger in Angel's words made Eko swallow hard, but he pressed on, shaking his head in denial. "Stop it! Stop!" The fingers against Eko's lips began to get warm, then flared into a sudden heat that caused him to yelp and pull back from the touch, eyes wide.

"Oh god, oh... gods, Eko, I'm sorry." Angel began whimpering, the tears he'd been fighting to hold back flowing freely now as his hands reached out to stroke Eko's cheek and hair. "I'm sorry." 

"W-what w-was th-that!?" Eko whimpered.

"I... I burned you." Came the hesitant reply, "I'm a fire elemental... when I get upset... when I get upset I can sometimes lose control." He licked his lips nervously, "Forgive me? Please?"

Eko stared at the other boy for a moment, then finally nodded his head hesitantly, one hand coming up to touch his lip where he'd been burned. "Wh-whats a fire el-elemental?" he asked softly.

"Some people think we're the spirits of the flames. We are, kind of, if I want to I can become insubstantial flames, but we're not just spirits, we're alive, we'll ... sort of, but we don't die."

"Oh," Eko's voice was unsteady, as if this last thing was a bit to much for his fragile mind to contemplate.

"Hey... you weren't stuttering earlier." Angel said, trying to turn the conversation away from something that was clearly making his new friend uncomfortable. Eko blushed, as he did so often, and shrugged his shoulders.

"Only st-stutter when I'm n-nervous or af-fraid." 

"I guess that makes sense," Angel said, rubbing away his tears from his cheeks with the back of one hand.

"I do think you're beautiful." Eko said again after getting himself under control. He managed to keep himself from stuttering, but just barely. Angel just sniffled softly, his eyes looking downward. Eko leaned into him then, his arm slipping about his body to press him close as his lips moved to brush over the soft shiny skin of the scarred word. Angel let out a soft inarticulate sound, closing his eyes tight and clenching his fingers against Eko's hair and shoulder. A fine tremble started in his body as Eko's tongue lapped out against those scars, lightly licking as if he could sooth the inner hurts of he boy with the sweetness of his loving touch. "You taste good." Eko whispered then, and Angel gave a nervous laugh which broke on another sob.

"Why're you doing this to me?" Angel's words weren't harsh this time, but rather, filled with wonderment and insecurity.

"Because... because, it's the truth. I... I really," Eko couldn't get the words out, his embarrassment making it difficult for him. "I really... I ..." He began to stutter so bad that for a moment he wasn't understandable, and Angel pulled back enough to look into his eyes.

"Go slow. You what?" Angel whispered, swallowing hard.

"I ... I w-want-t y-y-you." He finally stammered, blushing so hard he was certain he could light up the darkest of places with his face alone. Angel's blush matched his own.

"You do?"

Eko nodded solemnly, eyes wide and innocent in that way he had.

"I... I d-don't w-want M-m-mast-ter t-to b-be m-my first." He stammered out helplessly. "I'm s-scared!" He turned his head away, hiding it in his pillow again as he avoided looking at Angel all together. This was so hard for him, he was so terrified of what was going to happen, how badly it would hurt, and he knew that Angel would at least try and be gentler with him. Something Master Daman would probably never even consider. Another one of those random sobs wracked his chest, causing his whole body to shudder, and after a moment he felt Angel's hand stroking through his hair and down his spine again.

"I wish I could." He finally said softly, real pain in his voice. "I wish I could be your first, Eko. I wish... I wish that I could love you for the first time. I can't though, Master would find out, and he'd punish me... he might even sell me if I angered him enough. He wants you for his own, and... and I'm afraid if I did this he'd never forgive me."

Another sob came, and the tears began to come in earnest now, his whole body trembling with the force of it. Terror so strong it sapped his strength tore through Eko, leaving him weak and helpless under the force of it. Angel kept stroking him, petting him as one might a frightened puppy, but try as he may he couldn't sooth Eko's tears.

"I can't, I just can't." he said again, his own voice unsteady with the tears that flowed silently down his cheeks. Eko let out another soft wail and smothered his face even deeper into the softness of the pillow. "But... but maybe I can help you get ready for it, so it's not so hard when it finally does happen? So you know... you know what it will be like and you don't have to be afraid of not knowing...?" The question came hesitant, Angel grasping at anything that might sooth the frightened creature in his arms. 

After a moment, Eko's tears ebbed and he sniffled, then peeked open one red-rimmed eye to regard Angel silently. "O-okay..." he whispered, "C-can we d-do it now?" 

Angel hesitated, but only for a moment before he nodded his head and reached over to pull a small bottle of oil from his bedside table. He'd secreted the oil away during his massage lessons, thinking it might one day come to good use. He wasn't allowed masturbation, but since he had a private room he could sometimes get away with it, and the oil always felt so good against him. "Can you lay on your back comfortably with your wings?" He asked, and Eko nodded quietly, his eyes locked on that small bottle of oil.

Slowly, he turned over, shifting until his wings were fanning out on either side of him to drape unceremoniously off the sides of the bed. His eyes stayed on Angel, as if afraid that if he blinked the other young man might disappear completely from his sight and he'd be all alone with his fear. Angel didn't disappear though, instead he showed him how to put his legs, bent at the knees with his feet flat on the mattress, then he crawled between them and took a deep breath.

What he was doing was something that could get them both in trouble, and Angel knew it damn well. But he couldn't stand to watch Eko cry like that, it tore his heart open. He stared down at Eko's body, his eyes catching and staying at the chastity device he wore, and considered for a moment. "Don't move, stay right there." he said, then hopped from the bed and went and checked the door, closing it all the way and putting his only chair in front of it. The chair wouldn't stop anyone from entering the room, but he hoped at very least it would give him a little warning.

He went to his dresser, carefully taking out the few pieces of clothing he was allowed to own to pull up the bottom part of the lowest drawer. Upon doing that, he reached his small hand into the hole and withdraw a tiny drawstring pouch. Eko watched him as he returned to the bed, and when Angel opened the pouch his hands shook. "I stole this from Master when I first came here and he put me in that thing. He thought he'd lost it, and never even bothered to ask me if I'd taken it. I never had the courage to use it, but I didn't want him to know I'd taken it either, so I just hid it in here and hoped and prayed no one would ever find my hiding spot. If you don't want me to use the key, and unlock you for this, I won't. If you do, just know if we get caught, this will make our punishment worse."

Eko stared at the key glittering in Angel's hand, and at the mention of possible punishment he felt himself shiver with equal parts excitement and fear. It wasn't that he wanted to be punished, it was more the fact that the chance was there, and that added to the excitement of the moment. He was afraid, but he wasn't afraid enough to ask Angel to put the key away. Maybe it was that fear that caused him to murmur his assent, whatever it was, he wouldn't back out, even with the threat of possible punishment hanging over his head. "Unlock it." he whispered hesitantly.

Angel quickly complied, then put the key back in its pouch and the pouch on the bedside table where he wouldn't lose it. He removed the chastity device and laid it on the bed beside Eko, then picked up the bottle of oil once more. Just watching all of this was enough to make Eko whimper in anticipation, his cock beginning to grow with just the eventuality of what was going to happen flittering about in his mind.

"Did Master touch your ass before yesterday, Eko?" Angel asked gently, and Eko blanched, nodding his head. "Did he just use one finger?" Again, Eko nodded his head quietly. "Okay, I'm going to do the same thing, just use my fingers and gently stretch and open you, and show you how good it can feel." He coated his fingers with the slick oil, then began to slowly stroke those fingers over the sensitive opening of the angelboy's body. 

Eko couldn't help but hiss at the first touch, the pleasure intense. So simple a thing, yet it felt so good he could barely think past it. Some of that pleasure may have come from the excitement, the knowledge that what was coming would probably feel good, and that Angel was going to be gentle and caring with him. That simple bit of knowledge was enough to make him shudder with anticipation.

He coated his fingers with oil again, this time gently pressing a single digit against that virginal opening. "Bare down on me. Let me in." Angel whispered, and Eko's cock twitched and jumped as he tried to do as he was told. He was nervous, still frightened, but even so he was able to admit the other boy's finger into his body, and the feeling was exquisitely pleasurable, decadent even.

Angel had never been the one in charge before, the one in control, and there was something ultimately precious about this experience. Eko was so responsive, each touch sent him into a wave of whimpers, or soft moans, and as he slid his finger slowly in and out of his body, his hips raised up off of the bed and his ass clenched around the finger as if greedily trying to suck him further in and keep him there for all eternity. It was a heady feeling, to be in control with a willing lover. And Eko was most definitely a willing partner at this point.
