 I had a weird relationship with my str8 cousin. Brian was beautiful, perfect, rowed for the Leander High school rowing team in beautiful Austin, Texas. Thanks to the rowing, he had the perfect body, and by the time we were both 18, he was taking out a different girl every weekend, it seemed. Popular, smart, goodlooking? I hated him. I loved him.

What's worse than a perfect cousin? Well, my parents adored him. He was the outgoing six foot tall golden child who played sports and winked at them. I was the quiet emo kid who stayed in his bedroom all the time.

"Why can't you be more like Brian?" They'd ask. "Why don't you try out for the rowing team? Why don't you go doubling dating with him?"

I didn't tell my parents that I was figuring out I was gay. No, that would kill them. 

But guess how Brian found out?

One night, I was in my room working on my laptop. I had my headset on and I had finished my homework, so I moved on to my favorite porn site. Gay porn, of course.

And of course, I was so into the video that I absently had my hand down my pants, squeezing my dick rhythmically. In the back of my mind, I knew it was too early in the evening to jack-off - I saved that for after bedtime - but I was still lying in bed with my hands down my shorts.

Suddenly, there's this huge laugh, "OH MY FUCKING WORD! HOLY SHIT!!" And it's Brian who had decided to sneak into my room. Not only did he catch me literally dick in hand, but he got a look at what I was watching.

"Geez, dude, you're queer!" He laughed.

"Please, Brian, don't say anything. Please!" I begged him.

He continued to laugh and I waved frantically at him to be quiet as my parents and his parents were probably sitting in the backyard.

Brian continued to laugh. "Wait until I tell your folks."

"Please, Brian! Don't" I was panicking as he headed toward my bedroom door. But as quick as that, he rolled his eyes up at the ceiling, deep in thought. 

"Dude, I'm staying over tonight. We'll talk later!" Then Brian walked out, leaving me to peek out my bedroom window to spy on him as he sat outside with our folks. He waved at me a couple times and seemed to enjoy chatting with them. I agonized for a couple hours until his folks went home.

Then...

Brian was back in my room. "Our folks said I could stay."

"Did you say anything?" I watched him pull out a t-shirt from my drawers. Then he casually undressed and pointed at my bed.

"I own you, dude. You're going to do what I say."

"Geez, Brian, did you say anything to them?"

"Nope." Brian climbed into my bed and turned off the lights. I sat in the dark puzzled.

There was a motion under the blankets. Brian whispered to me, "Hey, jack me off."

I wasn't sure if what I heard was real.

"Dude, I said, jack me off."

"Brian, what the fuck? We're cousins."

"I don't give a fuck. Do you want me to tell your folks you're queer? No? Then jack me off BUT don't make me cum. I'm not queer and my cum is for girls."

I was stunned and confused. "What do you mean?"

Brian grabbed my hand and pulled it under the blankets. I felt his warm smooth dick, so hard and firm in my hand. And damn him, bigger than mine. It was like holding a flashlight.

"Now jack me off dude. I'll tell you when I'm close to cumming. Then stop. I'll finish myself off."

It was awkward at first. I had never touched a dick other than my own, and Brian was unhappy with my grip and speed, but we finally settled into a pace where he was quietly enjoying my hand. I played his dick like a video game controller - feeling him shake and shudder and reaction to my hand. I could hear my bed squeak as he shifted and shook.

When he was ready to come, he pushed away my hand, grabbed his own dick and furiously pounded out a jet of cum on his stomach. He winked at me as he grabbed a handful of tissues to wipe himself off.

Even in the dark of my bedroom, I looked at his beautiful body, exposed and sweaty on my bed and got the urge to kiss his stomach. I leaned over but Brian pushed me back. "Hey, dude, I'm not queer! Don't do that!"

"But I thought..."

"You thought wrong. I told you, my cum is for girls. You just get to jack me off. You are slave to my dick, get it? Slave to my dick."

I nodded sadly. I wanted to taste his dick, his cum. And Brian was taunting me. He made things worse by turning on my nightstand lamp so that I could watch him wipe more cum off his muscled torso. And Mr. Perfect had a fine treasure trail of pubes. Damn him! Perfect in every way.

And so the torture began. Brian stayed over often and tormented me with mad lust. I wanted to suck him off but he always told me his dick was for girls. However that never stopped him from making me jack him off in the house, while watching TV in the family room, or sitting out back by the firepit. He would cum anywhere except in my mouth.

He would sniff his cum-soaked tissues and smile at me before running to the bathroom to flush them away. He knew I wanted his dick, his cum, and that gave him more power over me.

One night, he was over and looking sad and distracted. When we were sitting in my bedroom, I asked what was wrong.

"Fuck, dude, fuck my life. I think I knocked up my girlfriend. My parents are going to kill me!"

"Really? That sucks, man." I was in shock that my perfect cousin would screw up so badly.

"Fuck, my girlfriend is looking for that tea - some kind of tea that makes you abort. We can't have a baby now. We're in so much shit!!"

We both sat in silence. He closed his eyes and sighed. But my mind was going down another path.

"Are you telling your folks, Brian?"

"Are you kidding me? No way."

Another moment of silence.

"It'd be terrible, Brian. Your dad would take away your car. Our grandparents would probably take away your college money. Everyone would freak."

"Yeah, no shit." He shook his head. 

I waited a moment, trying to gather up courage. 

"Do you want me to tell them?"

Brian glared at me, "Are you stupid? I just said my parents would kill me. No FUCKING WAY!"

My hands were trembling. "Then... Then... let me suck you off."

Brian's eyes widened. "What the fuck?"

But I was feeling the power balance shift. "Yeah, Brian. I want that baby-making cum of yours. I want it. I want to taste it."

"NO WAY. I told you, I'm not queer."

"Yeah, well, I am. I'm sick of you teasing me all this time. Give it to me or I tell your parents."

He looked at me in shock but he didn't move. I reached for the waistband of his shorts and started to pull them down. He eased his butt up so that they could slide down his hairy legs.

His dick was soft. He cupped his balls and muttered, "I can't believe you're doing this to me."

Before either one of us could change our minds, I got his soft dick in my mouth and started to blow him. He swelled up, engorged in seconds. Using my hands and lips, I was massaging his giant pink organ into a glistening tower. My cousin's dick, hot and erect in my hands. His big soft balls. Somewhere inside was cum - baby-making cum. And that cum had the same DNA as I did!

I couldn't help myself, slurping away. My own urgent erection was tenting so I pushed it toward Brian's face. He reached over and started to rub my bulge and then, to my surprise, he took my dick into his hands!

I moved over him, so we were in a 69 position. I slobbered and sucked and licked his big dick, thrilled with his moaning voice. Though he would not suck me off, he squeezed and pumped my dick with his hands expertly and I worried that I would cum before he did.

I took everything from him then. I licked his stomach, inhaled his musk through his pubes and then back to working his pink dickhead. Every part of his body that had been previously forbidden to me, I now licked to claim as my own.

"Geez..." he moaned. "I'm going to cum!"

He thrusted his hips up into my hungry mouth. As he came, he pushed deeper into my lips and I suckled the big organ's sudden jet of salty creamy cum.

"Fuck!" he moaned. Then.. "FUCK!" I came on his chest and he was flinching away. 

I rolled off him as he wiped my cum off his chest. All of his cum was down my throat.

"Fuck, what a mess, dude." He grabbed tissues. "Why did you get so excited?"

"I wanted your baby batter, Brian. That's pretty hot."

"Ugh, don't remind me." He prepared to roll off my bed.

"Um, Brian? Bri? Bri-ster? Where are you going?

"I'm going to take a shower."

"No, I'm not finished with you yet. I want more."

Brian laughed, "You like the dick, eh? I told you - slave to my dick."

But I smiled back sweetly, "No Brian, you're my slave now."