  Disclaimer: Welcome to my world! As always, here comes the disclaimer. You just can't live without those, can you? My stories are almost always fantasy based, (vampires and werewolves and angels, Oh my!) and this one is no different. This story holds strong BDSM themes as well as Slavery, polyamoury and romance. Mind you, my depiction of Slavery is *not* real life based, it is fantasy, my idea of what real slavery might be like in my fantasy world.

If you choose to get into the real world scene, do your research, make sure you have safewords and stay completely safe, sane, and consensual. The D/s world can be a wonderful thing when enjoyed safely, as kinks or as a lifestyle. That said, if none of the above bothers you, enjoy the seventh installment of "Slave to Love".

For those of you wanting to find out where I have been, and what I have been doing, please read my Literotica profile, all the information can be found there. Oh, and I'm back to the writing world for good!

------------------------------------------

"I love you too," Angel whispered.

"I do-don't kn-now i-if I l-love y-you y-yet, M-master." Eko replied honestly, "B-but I d-don't h-hate y-you an-anym-more, and I th-think y-you're s-special." 

It was so honest and adorable, but the other two started chuckling softly. "Who wants to feed me tonight?" Daman asked, drawing away from the two of them and slowly herding them towards the large bed on the opposite side of the room.

"I will."

"I-I w-will." Both boys said at the very same time, then grinned at each other shyly. 

"L-let Angel, I'll w-watch?" Eko amended, and Daman nodded his head.

"You'll do more then watch." Daman replied, "We'll use this as a chance to teach you how to pleasure your new love. Take your clothing off, both of you." He said, turning to pull back the bed to the soft sheets.

Angel glanced at Eko, a smile touching his lips. He looked tired, but he looked happy. It had been an exhausting day – an incredibly exhausting day, but a good outcome the end. Eko began to fidget with his pants, his wings flexing with anticipation of what was coming. He'd been on the bitten end of Daman's feedings twice, but he hadn't gotten to watch it yet and he couldn't wait to touch Angel without the threat of punishment hanging over his head.

Both boys managed to get out of their clothes, despite the fact they couldn't take their eyes off of one another. It was adorable, they fumbled and squirmed and nearly fell over a couple times in their haste to remove their pants without looking to what they were doing. When they finally turned their eyes back to Daman, he too was nude, in all of his glory. It was the first time Eko had seen Daman naked and for a moment he forgot how to speak.

The man was a virtual god. Huge and dark, his body a rippled mass of velvet over stone, he was one of the most stunning specimens of masculinity Eko had ever seen. He was so small and slight compared to the giant of a man standing by the end of the bed. Laughter danced in his green eyes as he observed Eko's reaction to him, it never ceased to please him when a slave looked at him like that, but when it came to Angel and now Eko, the look alone set his blood to boiling.

Eko stared in open-mouthed amazement. He couldn't tear his eyes free from his Master. He was so beautiful, and without thinking he stepped closer to him, one small hand coming out to stroke along the rippled planes of his abdomen, just to see if he was as silky as he looked, or as hard and unyielding as he appeared. He was both - soft and hard. It was the perfect form for a man like him, mirroring who he was on the inside and the connection was not lost on Eko, though he guessed it was lost on Daman himself.

"You like?" Their master growled low, and Eko's eyes snapped up to meet his, then a blush seeped from the top of his head down to the very tips of his toes and Daman gave that rich laugh that was part menacing and wholly sensual. 

Angel stepped up behind Eko, nuzzling the line of his neck until he reached and nipped at the edge of his ear, "Isn't he the most beautiful thing you've ever seen?" Angel whispered to the angel boy. Eko could only nod mutely, then let his eyes slide down to the very large, and very hard length of Daman's cock and he swallowed hard.

"Th-that wo-wont f-fit in-side of m-me." Eko whispered to Angel.

"Yes it will. It fits inside of me."

"Indeed. We'll show you, Eko. Won't we Angel?" Daman murmured his eyes ablaze with enough heat to match his little fire elemental.

"W-wont i-it h-hurt though?" Eko asked, concern fluttering across his face.

"It burns a bit at first, but then it feels so good you just want to melt into him and never leave." Angel replied, grinning before leaning in against Daman's chest and standing on his tip toes to place a kiss along one shoulder.

"I d-dunno." Eko said, looking rather unconvinced.

"Don't worry about it Eko, it's not happening till you want it to. Come on, let's get in bed. You kneel at the foot of the bed while Angel and I get comfortable." Daman drew Angel onto the bed then, leaning back comfortably against the pillows and drawing Angel with his back to Daman's chest. Legs spread, Daman hooked the fiery young mans legs over his, arms wrapped around his chest to nestle him in close. It was an odd position, partially because the way it was set up, Eko could see and touch any part of either man's cock and ass, and yet they both seemed utterly comfortable.

Nestled against one another, the two thick shafts laid hard and for some reasons Eko could think of nothing but tasting them. Licking his lips, he stared for quite sometime, until a glance up at their faces showed they were both watching him watch them, and then Eko was lost to embarrassed blushing for what seemed like an age and a half. 

"S-sorry." Eko whispered, crawling forward between their legs and kneeled with his palms flat on his thighs.

"Don't be sorry. You have nothing to be sorry for." Daman purred, his voice a sensual rumble, soft against Eko's eardrums. That voice had some magical power over him, and as much as he'd have liked to, he couldn't deny his attraction to his Master. Seeing the two embracing as they were was enough to make his heart pound, they were so beautiful, and so very different from one another.

"I want you to explore with your hands and mouth, Eko. Touch and caress us, grow used to us." Daman murmured, turning his head to nuzzle along the curve of Angel's neck, inhaling the sweet warm and spicy scent of him. He always smelled a little like clean wood smoke, no matter how clean he was, and with all the fireworks he'd pulled that day it was stronger, that sweet scent that was Angel and only Angel. 

Angel's eyes were half-mast, lips parted with his soft panting breaths. He was already aroused, his cock engorged with a pearl of precum slipping down the head of his shaft then smearing between his and Daman's length. Eko watched that bead of sticky pleasure on its path, and by the time it began to coat the warmth of Daman's cock he found himself leaning forward to catch the taste on his tongue, gently lapping against each member in turn with a whimper of desire so strong it hit him like a cannonball in the belly.

Angel's body arched, tensed against Daman's, and Daman let out a low growl, fangs raking over the tender flesh of the neck in front of him. Eko could almost feel his hunger, and in an odd way that sensual hunger was his own. He wanted to taste and devour the cocks in front of him, he wanted to touch and caress, stroke and explore in his own way, in his own time with his own desires and not being forced into doing it.

Angel reached out one hand, his fingers gently stroking the soft lavender streaked locks of Eko's hair between those tiny soft licks. Each lap of that warm tongue sent little shivers up and down his spine, and when Eko tried to wrap his fingers around both shafts together, the sight alone was stunning, and Angel wondered if it affected Daman the same way.

"Isn't that one of the sexiest things you've ever seen?" Daman growled in a soft whisper against his ear, loud enough that had Eko been paying attention, he would have heard it but he was simply too wrapped up in his exploration to pay attention to words at that moment, which only made the experience that much more intense. He liked what he was doing, and that made it so much more precious.

Eko began to stroke as best he could, but the two cocks together was far more then one of his small hands could wrap around. Either way, it didn't stop nor deter him from what he wanted to do, and that was to stroke both Angel and Daman as one. He continues to pass gentle licks over the head of each cock, catching the salty-sweet precum as it beaded up and threatened to slide down the lengths, and after a moment he glanced up to see the other two men watching him, both drawing in ragged breaths but staying as still as they could to allow him his little adventure.

Eko's blush was bright, but so was his smile. "Y-you t-taste g-good." He whispered shyly, suddenly a little self conscious of his own actions.

"Do we?" came the lust-roughened reply from Daman, his eyes devouring the little angel boy as his teeth played havoc on Angel's throat, raking lightly and causing the other man to let out a soft whimpering sound from deep within his chest. Eko nodded his response mutely, as seemed to be his habit, then let his eyes trail back down to the cocks he had his hand wrapped around.

After a moment, he released them, his fingers hovering shyly over the tight puckered opening of Daman's body. He couldn't quite grasp the reality that his all powerful and dominant master would allow him to touch him in such a sacred place, yet quick glances back up to his face showed him that Daman had no intention of stopping whatever touch he may have chosen to bestow on either him or Angel. It only took him a moment more to make his mind up, and when he did, those soft fingers fluttered in gentle passes over that opening, and Daman growled low, letting out a soft hiss of pleasure that send spikes of desire slithering throughout Eko's belly.

It was incredible, how one day might change the feelings in Eko's heart so completely. How the love of his Angel could help to open him more fully to the other man Angel loved so dearly, help to calm the fears, ease the hurt that had been bestowed upon him in the past couple of days. That hurt wasn't gone, no, not at all, but it was dampened now by the intensity of his feelings for Angel. Part of him wanted to please his new love, do anything that he possibly could to show him how much he'd be willing to do for him. And another part of him was wholly and completely turned on by the idea and reality of the master that had been so cruel and yet so loving to him.

His fingers continued to caress, his thoughts whirling at a dervish pace as he did. A moment of inspiration hit him, and he reached up to catch the beads of precum upon each cock on his fingers, then slide them back down to caress and touch that tight opening he was so fascinated with. Truth be told, when his own ass had been touched, it was an incredibly pleasurable thing, even when Angel had been so rough with him, it had hurt though it had still turned him on. A confusing experience for him indeed, yet the truth was he enjoyed it.

Eko's fingers, slick now with precum, caressed and touched, then, a single digit hell bent on exploration and adventure pressed forward into that tight warmth, causing yet another hiss and growl to come from his master as he rocked his hips upward, allowing Eko better access with his curious affections. Lavender eyes darted upwards once more, only to see Daman's eyes locked on him. It was a look full of violent passion, a look that told Eko without words that it took every ounce of willpower the other man possessed not to simply pin him to the wall and fuck him till he screamed bloody murder. It was that look he noticed first, and it caused a trembling shiver to travel the length of his spine before he noticed anything else, excitement and trepidation boiling in his blood and crowding his heart.

The second thing he noticed was the vice-like grip he had on Angel, wrapped up in his arms and held tightly and closely to Daman's chest and Daman's fangs sunk deep into the side of his neck. Angel's face was a mask of pure bliss as Daman fed, as he slowly sipped as Eko himself had experienced on two previous occasions. The memory of that pleasure was enough to drive him absolutely mad, out of his mind and crazy with want. It was his own lust, his own want, not forced or pushed, not stolen away from him but rather something he could give to the two men in front of him with his own free will, and that pleased him, the sensation pleased him, and was new and precious and incredible.

Angel's body arched and writhed silently within his master's arms, and with each slow slide of his single tiny finger within his master's tight body, Daman held him even tighter, nearly crushing him, his own breathing coming in quick indrawn breaths through his nose as he fed. Angel's mouth opened, his hair began to billow with the intensity of his flames, and though it burned Daman, the pain added something to the event in and of itself for the dominant male. It was not common for him to allow such intimate touch, such a thing was almost unheard of for him, and while Eko didn't know that, Angel did.

The fire elemental reached out with his hands, reached out for Eko, then gave up in their search and ended up raking along the outer edges of Daman's thighs. Eko's breath caught at the sight, in fact he fancied he could feel the rake of warm fingertips against his own thighs as he watched the beauty of it There was so much danger, so much untapped violence in both men, something Eko himself did not possess, that it was hard not to be drawn into the picture presented to him without forgetting his own movements, his own desires. It was easy to be lost in the spiraling and never ending web of intensity the two other men wove and forget even who he was. 

Eko realized suddenly what Angel wanted, he wanted Eko. He wanted Eko to do something, anything, to touch him and be a part of his pleasure. It was a sudden realization, as though the thought had almost been planted into his mind, and the moment he had it he found himself leaning down, his free hand gripping Angel's cock and tilting it just right so he could engulf it in the warmth of his mouth. His other hand still continued to stroke that single finger in and out of his master slowly, but he was more focused on the taste, the sweetness and the pleasure of Angel as he writhed between both himself and their mutual master.

Eko moaned, the sound coming from a constricted and tight chest. He couldn't believe this moment was real, something about it was unfathomable, something about the moment made him want to beg to be taken, to spread his wings and submit to the will and desires of both men. Maybe he was simply getting a taste of what they both wanted from him, but he was not ready to do such a thing. However, he was more then ready to share what he could, and as that feeling intensified, as his lust grew, as he continued to have such odd thoughts he could not believe were his own, he sucked harder upon Angel's cock and stroked him with that free hand. 

Eko worked like a man possessed, what he lacked in experience he more than made up for with enthusiasm. His mouth slid down that length, inch by careful inch, until he could take no more and he had to pull back lest he choke. That didn't deter him, however, no way and no how. He simply began again, savoring the sweetness, the pleasure and incredible taste of Angel. He heard moans, gasps and hisses, and when he opened his hazy eyes and cut them upward, he saw both men staring at him, both men making those noises at the way Eko touched them.

He watched them, watch him as his tongue flickered over the head of the cock in his mouth, as he turned his finger in the tightness and warm of his Masters ass, and he noticed a change in Angel. It was sudden and immediate, he brightened and his body tensed. He became warmer within Eko's mouth, hot almost, and suddenly his whole body arched against Daman's strong embrace, his fingernails raking over their master's thighs as he let out a helpless shout and squirmed against Eko's mouth and Daman's chest. The sweet innocent angel boy knew what was happening, Eko knew he was losing control, he was cumming, and he redoubled his efforts, he moved with Angel, he took whatever the other boy offered him and when finally his mouth began to fill with the heated liquid fire of his seed, Eko could do nothing but close his eyes and savor the taste as he swallowed every single drop down. 

A soft whimper escaped, and Eko realized it was him making the sound as he lightly and gently licked at the cock he'd been so happily feasting on. He cleaned every last drop of that sweet cum from its length, and when he was through he rested his cheek against Angel's thigh, trembling from head to toe with the intensity of his arousal. He wanted more, oh god, so much more. His skin felt tight and warm, he felt like if he didn't have some release he'd scream, he'd choke and he squirm helpless and uncontrollable. He felt that if he did not have something he'd die for certain.

Daman slowly released his Angel, licking at the wounds in his neck to help them close, and then turned his head to whisper soft words in Angel's ear, too quiet for the distraught and aroused Eko to hear.

"He needs, and he does not know what it is he needs." Daman murmured, and Angel tossed back a slow smile, nodding his head with hooded and sated eyes. "What shall we teach him, my beloved pet?" Daman murmured, and Angel appeared thoughtful for a moment, one hand stroking through Eko's hair as the other boy rubbed his cheek to his thigh like a great cat, begging for attention. He could barely control his breathing, and his wings continued to flex, as if doing so enough would find something soft and welcoming to rub against those wing bases.

Eko glanced up, looking at the two men he found to be so insanely beautiful, and despite his earlier assumption he was beginning to realize that even Daman had a heart, and even he was capable of love and maybe, just maybe, Eko wanted to be on the receiving end of that love if he could manage it. A soft breath escaped as he gazed up at the two with adoring lavender eyes, and both men smiled at him, real and genuine smiles that made his toes want to curl and his heart thump louder in his chest.

"A-are y-you st-still h-hungry?" Eko asked Daman curiously, his cheeks flushing madly with the reality of what he really wanted to ask. Not if he was still hungry, but rather, COULD you do that to me too or are you too full now? That's what he really wanted to know. Daman chuckled deeply, a knowing look in his eyes as Angel stretched languidly within his lap, then went back to stroking Eko's soft locks.

"Are you asking because you'd like me to feed on you also?" Daman growled low, and Eko's eyes dropped with embarrassment for it was as if he'd read his very thoughts. "Mm, I thought so." Daman rumbled, and then chuckled once more. It wasn't a malicious sound, however, it was a chuckle a man might give a child he indulged too much.

Eko felt hot and tight all over, his cock hard and pressed to the flat planes of his belly as excitement rolled through him unfettered by his earlier hate and fear of his Master. He may not love Daman yet, but he was certainly drawn to the man, he was certainly attracted to him. Now that so much had come out between the three of them, and he'd realized that Daman wasn't truly the monster he'd first thought, it made it much harder for Eko to resist the certain sexual desires he had for the vampire.
