 I was 18 years old when I was invited to my first gay sling party and I was looking forward to being fucked and having a very good time. I love being fucked and giving and receiving oral and being rimmed. This was promised to be a lot of fun.

I arrived about half an hour after the party was supposed to start (I always hate being the first one there). I walked into a scene of pure lust. I could smell the sex in the air. I saw men on their knees sucking off other guys, guys being fucked, and a rather nice scene of another guy being fucked in the leather sling. I would hear the occasional grunt, moan, and sometimes some actual words being said. I walked into the room, and quickly stripped naked.

One guy walked up to me, then dropped to his knees and immediately began gorging himself on my cock. I saw a few familiar faces, or more specifically a few familiar cocks and asses. I chatted with one of the guys while the guy on his knees sucked both of our cocks. I then noticed that the sling was empty. Seeing this, I told the guy next to me that I wanted to take a ride in the sling next. The guy sucking my cock stood up and they both walked with me to the sling. They helped me as I climbed into the sling and laid down on my back with my legs in the stirrups and my ass and cock on display. My entry into the sling was met by a few "Whew hews!" I smiled and prepared myself for what was sure to be a nice fuck.

One guy then started sucking my cock again. My ass was also being rimmed by another guy, getting it nice and wet. One cock was placed next to my lips, so I took it in my mouth and began sucking. I couldn't give it my usual zest, because of my position, but the guy seemed to like my mouth. I noticed another guy getting a condom on and lubing it up. I made eye contact with him and he smiled. He asked, "You ready for some cock in that cute asshole?" I smiled at him around the cock in my mouth to show him I was. He walked over, moving the rimmer out of the way. He began pressing the tip of his cock up against my hole and slowly pushing it in. Once he was completely inside my ass, he let me get used to it, and then began fucking me slowly. He started out with long deep thrusts. I kept the one cock in my mouth and continued to work it over. The guy fucking me began to build up speed. I was being pushed by his thrusts in my asshole and the sling was swinging freely.

I began to really concentrate on the guy's cockhead. I swirled my tongue around it and over his piss slit, all the while sucking hard on the head. The guy was really starting to breathe hard. All of a sudden, a spurt of cum shot into my mouth. I then took it all into my mouth and helped milk his cock as he shot his whole load into my mouth. I swallowed every drop and then worked my mouth over the entire shaft. I saw a cold shiver roll through his body as he withdrew his cock from my mouth. I heard some guys laughing and enjoying the show. I then went back to enjoying getting ass fucked.

The chains holding the sling up began to rattle as he fucked me harder and harder. By now we had the attention of most of the guys in the room, which stood around jacking and enjoying the show. One guy was slowly sucking my hard throbbing cock while all this was going on, so I was really having a good time. The guy still fucking me turns his head and says to another guy (with a much bigger dick) that he has to try my ass.

The other guy says, 'hell yeah', and starts putting on a condom and lubing it up. The guy fucking me stops and moves out of the way, with a popping sound he pulls his cock out of my hole. The new guy comes up and rubs his cock on my now loosened up ass hole. He tells me that now that I'm loosened up I can take what he has to give me. He then begins to drive that monster of his into me. I can feel every inch of it slowly entering my hole. He relaxes once inside and I gasp when he's all the way in. I hear the guys around me as they are surprised that I am able to take all of that cock into me. The guy inside my ass starts off slow, but I can tell he is just getting me ready. He then positions his feet and grabs my hips. "Here it comes." I think to myself.

He then starts to go to town on my ass. He fucks me good and hard. I have never been fucked like this before. I'm not even sure what else is going on in the room now, I am so into the fucking that I'm getting. The guy sucking me pulls his head off of my cock and begins to jack my dick. The guy fucking me is hitting my prostate with every thrust. My head is thrown back and my mouth is open. I am not sure if I am moaning or just breathing hard. I don't care at this point. My toes start to curl and my body begins to shake. The dual pleasure of it all finally sends me over the edge. I shoot my load so hard that it hits me in the face and hits the curtains two feet behind me. The guy fucking me, doesn't let up for a second. I am limp in the sling and he is still hammering my asshole. He is thrusting so hard and deep that I actually wonder if the sling can take it. He then slams all the way in my asshole and holds still. I know he is cumming. His eyes are closed and he moans s loudly. He thrusts a few times more to work his cum out. 

He then pulls out with another popping sound. They help me out of the sling and help steady me after the rough ride I just got and laugh and talk about the fuck I just received, load I just shot, and the show that they all got. I am breathing hard and enjoying the afterglow. Then all of a sudden I am bent over a chair and another hard cock is thrust up my ass. I gasp at the sudden intrusion. I am completely at his mercy. He doesn't wait or start slow, but instead slams me even harder than the last guy. This cock isn't as long, but is definitely thicker. I am moaning loudly. He is saying over and over again, "Take it. Take this cock, bitch. I know you like it." He is right. I am really enjoying this brutal assault on my rectum. I am not sure if he was already close, or if my asshole was so tight that he couldn't last long. He cums with a yell and slams all the way inside me. The chair I am leaning against leans forward and I wonder if I am about to fall over. But I am steadied my a few hands and kept on my feet. The guy who just made a playground out of my asshole, then pulls out. He slaps my ass cheeks and says, "Thanks for the ride, kid. I knew you could take my meat after that ride you took in the sling." 

With that I collapse into the chair and catch my breath. Someone hands me a glass of water. I drink it all in one breath. I then sit and come down from my freshly fucked high.