 Jamie and I were inseparable. We knew each other since pre-school and ever since then, we basically became brothers. Now at the age of 18, both of us supported each other in our adult lives. I rented an apartment in the city while Jamie still lived with his mom in the countryside. 

I always loved that area. It was much better than the city, very quiet and peaceful. I remember when we used to stay there over the summer break and run around the fields, exchanging stories and confessions. It was where we could be ourselves and forget about our problems. Jamie and I loved to have sleepovers and even in our late teens we had them in our spare time. I cherished these moments as they became rarer and rarer as we grew older. 

One night during the summer break, I was sitting in my bachelor apartment and watching TV. I felt lonely for the last few weeks since my girlfriend and I broke up. I was stressed with my relationship situation and college so I decided that during the summer break I will go on some sort of holiday. Whether it was going sight-seeing or just camping, I needed to relax. That's when I thought of him, my best friend. I grabbed my phone and texted him asking if I can come over for a few days. After half an hour or so, I received a response. 

The feeling of nostalgia rushed through me as I pulled up by Jamie's house the next day. I grabbed my bags and car keys and walked towards the front door. The window blinds were down but I saw that the light was turned on. I knocked on the door. From the doorstep, I could hear him running towards the door because of his creeky wooden panels. Jamie opened the door - he hadn't changed since the last time I saw him. Dirty blonde hair, green eyes, quite tall and handsome. He was dressed casually and had a phone in his hand.

"Hey Jacob! I'm glad you came," Jamie said as he welcomed me into his house, "Come in, I need to finish this phone call." 

"Are you excited? It's not everyday that you get to spend with your best friend all week!" he shouted after ending the call.

"Do you want anything to drink? I'm making some tea if you want." Jamie said.

"Yeah I'll have some. Where's your mom?" I asked as we went into the kitchen.

"She's gone to London on a business trip. I thought I already told you that?" he answered. Jamie put some water into the kettle and left it to boil.

"Oh. I must have forgotten. How long is she going to be there?" I asked while taking my coat off. I put it on a chair by the kitchen table.

"She told me that it's going to be three days at the most but knowing her she's probably going to be there for five or six days." he answered, "Will Earl Grey do?"

"Sure. What are your plans for tonight?" I replied, changing the topic.

"There's a cool movie on soon if you want to watch it in a few minutes. Other than that, none really." Jamie answered.

"Put your bags in my room. Do you want to sleep together like we did when we were teens or do you want to sleep on the couch?" he asked with some hesitation.

"This is kind of sleepover anyway so I suppose we can sleep together. It's not like we never did it before." I chuckled.

"Alright! I'll get some popcorn ready because the movie is starting in a few minutes. Make yourself like home!" Jamie said as I exited the kitchen with my bags.

I ran upstairs with my bags and enter Jamie's room. His room was painted white. Hanging on the walls, there were some posters with his favourite football team and cars. On top of the wooden panels, there was a bed large enough to fit two - maybe even three - people, a desk where he had a laptop and piles of books and a wardrobe. I placed my bags by the wardrobe and walked downstairs to the kitchen to see what Jamie was doing.

"Popcorn's almost ready," Jamie said as I sat at the kitchen table, "So tell me, how's your girlfriend?"

"We broke up two weeks ago." I replied with a sigh. I took a sip out of my boiling hot tea.

"You didn't tell me that! I'm sorry, dude." Jamie said.

"I didn't feel that I had to tell you. Besides, she wasn't worth my time anyway." I said while taking another sip out of my tea.

There was a moment of silence as both of us didn't know what to say. We stared blankly at each other. The awkward moment was shattered with the sounds of the kernels popping inside of the microwave.

"Alright, get the popcorn and let's go." I said to Jamie as he was finishing his tea. 

I walked over to the sitting room. The sitting room didn't have a door, it was just an opening in the wall. I sat on the couch, stretched my legs out and lied down on my back. I grabbed the TV remote and turned the TV on. Jamie followed me with the bowl of popcorn. He lied down beside me and put the popcorn on the table. It was slowly getting dark outside so I turned on the lights. The opening credits of the movie rolled and we watched the movie for the next two hours.

The movie was great. Both of us gave it our personal reviews. We exchanged views on which actress was the prettiest. After a good fifteen minutes of talking about the movie, both of us decided it was time to go upstairs.

"Do you like the new posters?" Jamie asked as we entered his room.

"Yeah, I wish I could afford a car like that." I said pointing at a poster with a Ferrari on it.

"Maybe you will one day!" he giggled. 

"Will you pull down the blinds?" Jamie asked me as I took out a shirt from my bag. 

"Sure." I said. I pulled down the window blinds and grabbed some underwear.

"I'm going to go brush my teeth. Come with me if you want." I said to him.

"I'll be there in just a second, bro" Jamie answered picking a pair of underwear to sleep in. 

I walked into the bathroom, which was right beside Jamie's room. There was a bathtub, a toilet and a bidet there. Beside the bathtub there was a towel rack, where I hung my towel on. I grabbed some of Jamie's toothpaste and began brushing my teeth at the sink. Jamie walked into the bathroom with a shirt and some underwear. He took his grey shirt off and threw it into the pile of laundry that was piling beside the door. He was averagely built, slightly tanned and had no chest hair. His nipples were erect and pink. Jamie grabbed his white toothbrush and began brushing his teeth. I tried to keep my eyes off of him so I finished brushing. 

"Do you want to shower first?" I asked him with slight hesitation.

"Umm... sure." Jamie answered with a sigh.

I slowly backed out of the bathroom and left him to himself. I sat on the chair by his desk and whipped out my phone. I looked through some old photos while Jamie was showering for about five minutes. After that, I heard the bathroom door opening and I jumped to my feet. I walked to the bathroom and saw that Jamie stood in the door with a towel around his waist. A tent formed at his crotch and I just couldn't avoid it with my gaze. I awkwardly crept past him to enter the bathroom. I heard him giggle quietly as I closed the door. The bathroom was a bit steamy after Jamie's shower. I took off my shirt to expose the averagely built body that I hid under it. Jamie and I were similarly built, not very buff but at the same time fit. I took off my socks and threw them on the laundry pile. Then came my trousers and underwear. I turned on the hot water and jumped in. I was semi-erect and horny as I entered the shower. I felt the urge to jack off but I didn't. Instead, I cleaned out my ass by sticking a finger in there and cleaning it. It was a great feeling. I got some shampoo and I washed myself. I washed the shampoo off with water and got out. After drying myself and putting deodorant on, I put on my new underwear and shirt and I clipped my nails.

I walked out of the bathroom and found Jamie reading a book in the bed. 

"Hey. What are you reading?" I said as I dried my wet hair.

"The Catcher in the Rye. It's interesting. I'm almost done so I can lend you it soon if you want." Jamie replied in a lethargic tone.

"Thanks. I've already read it before. You seem sad. What's up?" I asked curiously.

"Nothing much. It's just that... I've been having a tough time lately." Jamie replied as he closed the book. He stood up and walked towards the desk where he left the book.The tent that I saw earlier was gone but I could still see a bulge.

"What have you been having a tough time with? I'm your friend, dude, you know you can tell me anything." I said trying to cheer him up a bit.

"Well..." he sighed," The last time I had a girlfriend was about two years ago. You know I'm bisexual. I've been looking at guys and girls but none are my type. Nobody has ever truly... loved and supported me." he said almost tearing up.

I understood him. Both of us were bisexual, we came out to each other at 16. For some reason, I felt like that too. I had more girlfriends than Jamie and none of us had a boyfriend before. Despite having quite a lot of girlfriends, I never felt true love either. I never felt a connection with somebody else.

"You were always there by my side. Always when I was sad you helped me and cheered me up. You're the definition of a true friend. Over the last few months I've realised something. That I love you. Not anyone else. You." Jamie said almost desperately to say it to someone. 

I was stunned and confused. I wasn't expecting my best friend to begin to love me. It was strange - very strange.

"Sorry... what have I done? ... I'm sorry dude." Jamie told me while throwing himself into my arms. He didn't cry or sob. He just needed to let the secret out of himself. I took a deep breath and said.

"I love you too." 

Jamie was paralysed for a few seconds and said, 

"Really? Are you just saying that to cheer me up?"

"No. I love you. I feel the same about you too. When you went out of the bathroom with that boner - it left me really turned on. I loved coming here and spending time with you. I wish that I have said that earlier to you. I'm sorry." 

I stared into his eyes deeply. Jamie took his arms from around my shoulders to around my waist. I put one arm onto his back and the other on his cheek. I caressed his smooth face and then, our lips bonded and we fell into a kiss. His lips were as soft as silk and his breath smelled like the mint from the toothpaste. Jamie's tongue was licking mine and we slowly got more sensual. I was already rock hard. My hand caressed his hair and the other caressed his arm. Jamie's hands were on my arms and back. We kissed for a couple of minutes and after that, Jamie placed his hand on my crotch. He rubbed my erect cock passionately, so naturally I returned the favour by rubbing his too. It was about half an inch smaller than mine but it still felt amazing.

"You have no idea for how long I wanted to do this." Jamie said as he was taking my briefs off. 

Underneath, he found my six and a half-inch long rock hard cock. It was thick and juicy and pre-cum was already dripping from its head.

"Me too, Jamie." I replied as I let him kneel down in front of me.

He slowly jerked my cock, teasing it. Then, he placed the head of my cock into his mouth. It was heaven. He caressed my shaved balls and deep-throated my cock. Using his spit he lubed up my dick and sucked on it. He was amazing at it. I felt like I was going to cum at any minute. His tongue explored my shaft. I moaned and grunted.

"Fuck yeah. Don't stop, Jamie." I said. My breath was taken away by his cocksucking skills.

"I think I'm going to cum..." I whispered out to him.

My dick began tingling but Jamie was still blowing me. He started jerking me again as I began cumming. A sensation of ecstasy filled me. Jamie put his silk lips back on the head of my cock to eat all of my cum out. The white liquid filled his mouth and coated the back of his throat. Without hesitation, Jamie swallowed every last droplet of my cum. He stood up from his kneeling position and came in for a kiss. Despite the fact that I just came inside of his mouth, I still passionately French-kissed him. I could taste the cum on his tongue. It was sweet and quite tasty. 

"Your cum tastes so good, Jacob. Please, suck my dick now." he begged as he was lying down on his back. I couldn't refuse.

I took off his underwear and I saw heaven. It was a six-inch, rock hard beauty. Pre-cum coated the head and his shaft. He had no pubes, his balls were very smooth and appetising. I grabbed his cock and began to jerk it. Jamie seemed as if he was going to cum right after I touched it. I pulled back the foreskin and put his manhood inside of my mouth. I sucked on his shaft and licked the head with my tongue. Jamie was squirming with ecstasy. He was squeezing his erect nipples with one hand and pushing my head down on his cock with the other. All the sounds he could make were moans of ecstasy. Without any warning, his semen spurted out of his cock and ended at the back of my throat. I pulled his penis out and let the rest of his juices leak out on my face. Jamie's cum tasted saltier than mine. My cheeks and lips were covered with watery juices. I scrambled up above him. Our chests were touching and rubbing against each other as we fell in a deep cum kiss. He licked all of his cum off of my cheeks. I ceased the kiss and stared into his beautiful eyes. He had a massive grin on his face as he licked the rest of his cum off of his lips.

"Is it tasty?" I asked chuckling.

"This is the best day of my life. Thank you," 

he replied and stood up. His penis was becoming semi-erect. "I'm tired. Can we go to sleep now? I think we'll have some fun in the morning." He added with a grin.

"Sure, love." I replied as I was scooting over to lay down by the wall.

Jamie jumped into the bed nude and turned himself facing me. I took the covers and placed them over our naked bodies. He once again starred deeply into my eyes. I saw Jamie slowly shutting his eyes so I too decided to rest for the night.