 Disclaimer: 

After writing my first story, I got a few comments and private feedback sent to my email. I thoroughly love them all and hearing any kind of feedback for improvements or if you liked it. However, I got a comment or two to either continue the first story, or to make my writings longer.

I understand that chaptered stories are the most popular on this site, but the stories I enjoy reading are ones that are shorter and situational. I like reading stories that pique my imagination when I actually decide to jerk-off. :P As such, those are the stories I like writing for this site. So, as for now, I do not plan to turn any of my stories into a series, and I plan to make sure each submission isn't too long to read. Those are just the two suggestions that I don't plan to follow up on. If you enjoy what I do write, though, thank you!

*All characters are nineteen years of age.

*****

The bus of angsty and testosterone filled college boys burst from the doors. 

You see, we had just won our first game of the football season, and the coach decided to reward us with a trip to Lake Calina to keep our momentum going. Little did I know the trip would provide something extra.

I was a freshman to college, so one of my first buddies I met was Alec. He jumped out the front bus door last and flashed me his charming smile. He was also a freshman, so we quickly bonded on the team. I also loved messing up his perfectly styled dirty blond hair, since it'd bother him. 

"It's kind of chilly here," Alec complained, as usual.

"I'm almost positive there's a fireplace in the cabin, little man."

He shot me side eye. He hated when people called him little. Alec was built lean, thin, with more speed in his bones than raw strength. On a team full of muscle heads, he felt insecure, but I loved the way he was. A little speedball the other teams didn't see coming.

"Call me that one more time, Jack, and I'll shove you in the lake."

We made our way to the cabin and spent the rest of the day trying to play cards with the team. I say try, because with a group this energized, sitting still to play cards always resulted in the stuff being thrown about. 

"Hey, Jack," Alec said, leaning closer to me than usual. Probably to keep the others from hearing. "We should take a dip in the lake before bed."

I glanced out the window. The moonlight covered the wood table sitting below the window. I didn't mind going out, but it was dark out there.

"I don't really remember where the lake is," I said. "We'd probably get lost." I chuckled to try and move the conversation away from the topic.

He just smiled back, pushing his bangs off his forehead. "Nah, trust me. I know the way." Alec stood up and told the other boys we were going to take a dip, and anyone could join. But it seemed they were all getting ready to jump in their sleeping bags for the night. 

Once we left the light from the cabin, Alec grabbed my hand and led me through the bushes. My heart pounded, because I couldn't see anything. I was merely guided by the soft hand clasping mine.

Once we emerged on the other side, a new light flickered against our skin. Moonlight reflected from the water and offered us a bit more direction.

"Well, get on it!" Alec said with his unusually commanding voice for someone smaller than me.

I about shook my head before he grabbed my arm and jumped in, pulling me in with him.

A rush of coldness exploded all over my body. My head burst from the water. I let out a loud shout, accompanied by Alec's when he surfaced.

"Holy shit!" I yelled.

Alec laughed hard. "Don't be such a wuss."

"Dude, it's cold!"

Alec swam over and grabbed my shoulders, rubbing them. I knew he meant it mockingly, but it felt good. Especially after our football game. It felt so good I had to push back and jokingly splash some water in his face.

The water wasn't super cold, but enough to make my teeth chatter. So we played around for ten or fifteen minutes before I demanded to get out. I couldn't figure out how he was so fine being in there. My body was basically pure muscle, and he was just a lean bean.

Either way, we pulled up out of there and ran/wobbled back to the cabin, rubbing our arms to keep warm.

Once we got inside, the cabin was dark, with the fireplace already expunged, and everyone snuggled inside of their sleeping bags. I fumbled for my bag in the dark, pulling my sleeping bag out when Alec whispered "shit" under his breath.

"What?" I asked.

"My sleeping bag, man. I left it back at the school."

I chuckled. "Seriously?"

"Yeah." His big brown eyes stared into mine, as if he was trying to express his worry in the dark. "I'm freezing. I can't sleep without some kind of cover."

I looked around, hoping I could maybe find his sleeping bag. But everyone was starting to grumble at our talking while they tried to sleep. Fuck.

"My sleeping bag pretty big," I said. "We can... I don't know. I guess we can sleep inside it together."

"Our clothes are soaked, Jack. We're going to get hypothermia if we sleep together in soaking clothes."

"I don't know, Alec," I sighed, kind of worried what to do to keep him from getting sick in the night.

"I have an idea," he said. "I'll be right back."

He left to the bathroom for a few minutes before returning. Naked. Completely naked. He walked up to me. The moonlight didn't show everything, but it showed enough. Nothing I hadn't seen before, though, in the locker room. Just wasn't sure what he was doing.

"Strip down," he said and threw me his towel. "Dry off."

"What?" I said with another avoidant chuckle.

"Our bodies warm up far better if we're touching skin-to-skin. I know it's weird, but we will just warm up tonight and wake up early to get dressed before anything notices. Trust me. This beats the alternative."

I looked at the towel in my hand, and then back at his tiny penis resting against his balls. 

"Fine," I muttered in the dark.

I removed my clothing and dried off using the towel, trying to soak up every last cold drop. I stood there, naked, still shivering. My penis was definitely a shower. It laid well below my balls.

I crawled into my sleeping bag, and whispered to Alec that he could get in.

"Face away from me," I quickly said.

He got in, butt first, and snuggled against my body. The instant warmth of his body was a god-send, and I wanted nothing more than to reach around and pull him closer. He zipped the bag up and kept pushing his back against my chest.

We were packed in the single sleeping bag tight. Our legs touched. Our upper bodies touched. My nose buried deep into his hair. And my penis pressed against his butt.

He squirmed a little and reached behind him.

"Your dick keeps poking me in the ass. It's uncomfortable, man." Alec reached for my cock, and before I could flinch from the surprise, he swiftly pulled it up with one hand, and spread his butt cheeks with the other hand, nestling my cock between both his cheeks. "There. Much more comfortable."

"Are you kidding me?" I asked. I had a hard time resisting, one because I had no where to move, and two because his butt cheeks kept my dick warm.

"Don't worry. We'll wake up before everyone else and get out of the sleeping bag."

It was weird being in the bag together. He was smaller than me, so I kept acting out the urge to wrap my leg around his and bring him deeper into me, but I'd catch myself in the act and push back a little.

"Can I ask one more favor before we go to sleep?" Alec said.

"What?"

Alec sighed. His body moved with his breath, rubbing against my body. "You have your back against the bag, and my body against your chest, but I have nothing on my chest. I'm freezing! And I read the chest is the most important part of the body to keep warm. Do you think... do you think you could just rub my chest with your hand to warm me up?"

"I..." His body shivered against mine. To be honest, I was already warming up with him against me, but he must have had still been cold. I took a deep breath of his hair—which smelt like man and lake—and reached over with my right arm.

I placed it flat against the bottom of his neck, and held it there, feeling the smoothness of his skin. Then I ran it down his tight pecks, feeling the little bump of his erected nipple. I lowered it down to his flat stomach. He flinched a little at the touch.

"It tickled," he whispered.

My hand slowly ran back up his chest, rubbing against his other nipple.

"Faster," he said with a breath.

As if I'm washing my body, I run my hand up and down his chest, feeling the grove around his pecks, and the small muscles growing under his stomach. His breathing increased. I pushed him closer into me. He rocked with my motion, unknowingly flexing his buttocks. His cheeks ran up and down against my long flaccid penis. It was then I realized his butt was squishy—like covered in a liquid. He must had washed himself when he left the room, and forgot to rinse the soap off his butt.

The movement of his butt started to arouse me. My dick grew a little. I wanted to tell him to stop, but at this point, I felt embarrassed that I was getting an erection.

His breathing hastened.

"Jack," he tried to say. "Lower."

He reached for my hand and slid it down his chest.

"My legs are cold."

He never released my hand. He kept guiding it all along his leg, sometimes grazing his butt which was still working its squishy magic around my dick. At this point, my dick stood half erected. My breathing quickened. Was he ever going to warm up?

He then slid my hand between his thighs, warming up the sensitive crevice.

Without warning, he pulled my hand up some and closed my fingers around his dick. It was so hard. Throbbing. He moaned a little when he made me grab it.

"What are you doing?" I said a little louder than I should had.

"It's just the last cold spot on my body," Alec murmured. "I won't tell anyone, I promise. I just need it to be warm."

I didn't know what he was talking about. His penis radiated heat. But to get this over with, I methodically rubbed my hand up his penis and back down. It was thin and long. Not as long as mine, and not nearly as thick, but still something to grab. I subconsciously increased my rhythm the more he groaned.

He massaged my dick with his butt cheeks. I tried to choke on my moans to myself so he didn't realize what he was doing, but my cock was fully hard now. I'd rub his dick in the same places that pleasure flooded over mine. First the base, squeezing tight. And then his little penis head, running my thumb where the head meets the penis. At some point, I forgot where I was. I was simply lost in pure pleasure. His body exploded with heat against my own. 

Alec reached back behind him and grabbed my dick. The increased pressure felt amazing.

"I know a better place where it's warm," he seductively whispered.

Before I could question his statement, I felt him guide my dick down. He poked it against his asshole and shoved it inside. I felt the resistance of his tiny rim before being met with a plunge inside a furnace.

"Oh, my God!" I moaned into his ear. 

He rocked his body the best he could. His rectum squeezed around my penis, teasing it with immense sensations. In and out, my penis drove into his ass as I jerked his penis off.

"Fuck, fuck," I said, rocking my body into his. I instinctively opened my mouth and wrapped it around his ear, sucking and biting his lobe.

He pushed his body further into mine as he groaned. My eyes closed and rolled as my penis plunged deeper into this guy's body.

"You're so huge," Alec said between moans. I flicked my tongue all around his ear. "Fuck me harder."

I obeyed my friend's command. Our bodies slapped against one another as I pumped his dick even faster. 

"I don't know if I can take anymore," I said. "Your ass is so tight. You feel so fucking good."

I didn't want to cum just yet. With all my muscles, I pulled his body off my dick and pushed him out of the sleeping bag, with his legs still inside. I got between them and shoved his dick in my mouth. It pulsated against my tongue.

He threw his arms behind his head as I swallowed his dick whole.

I swirled his dick around my tongue. With one hand, I grabbed his balls and squeezed them hard, tugging on them. He seemed to love that. His dick would explode in size when I tugged on his balls. I engulfed his dick all the way, not leaving a single centimeter for Alec to see. He let out a quite scream as he shot semen down my throat. I refused to let his dick leave my mouth as he continued to orgasm. I used my tongue to lick against the slit on his penis head between shots. I swallowed as much cum as I could before releasing his dick from my throat's grasp. 

I then pulled him back down into the sleeping bag and pushed my cock back into his ass.

I stabbed his ass with my dick. I swear my cock got even harder with each push. He moaned as I opened him wider, pushing deeper. I reached my limit. With one final grunt, I wrapped my arm around his small stomach and hugged him, pushing his ass as far into my groin as I possibly could. My dick twitched and fired inside of him.

"Ho-ly fu-ck!" I said as I felt ropes of cum shooting through my dick and up his rectum. 

I didn't release him from my hug. We just laid there, panting heavily, with my erect cock still throbbing inside his ass full of my cum.

Alec caught his breath. "Well," he said. "Are you warmed up?"

I showed all my teeth and chuckled. "I don't think I'll ever let your ass let my dick go again."