 Richard was divine. This morning I discovered the real guy who slept with me for the very first time.

It was something that had not come lightly in a brief romance.

We seemed to instantly gel with each other and as our meetings became more regular, it seemed right that I should move in with him to share his rent and for us to share each other.

As I felt him stir behind me I knew at once we were right for each other. His sublime fuck before we slumbered was so warm and gratifying. And even when he came out of me I felt he was still inside. It was like the pulse of him was still there, stirring my being. And whilst holding him there lodged neatly inside me as he fucked me on my side, I was able to manoeuvre my butt to feel him in different ways, by bending and twisting.

Now I felt him growing again between my buttocks. I helped him find a placement there by stretching my hind cheeks wide open and then closing again with his stiffness between, it was just right to feel his pulse once more knocking at my door.

The night before we had indulged in the most intimate things. He had a prime cock and it was so wonderful to touch and tease. When he asked for me to suckle it I had no problem with that at all.

"That is delightful Peter" he whispered as I gently sucked it deeply nice and slow, experiencing the sublime feel and taste of hard hot sublime cock slip into my throat as I craved to suck him deeper.

It was so good to hear his responses as we both explored each other. And he just loved to suck my ass as he gently rimmed me with his forefinger. That was something that nobody had ever done before. It was truly magic simply being all ass for him and asshole too; and I could never have imagined that anal oral sex was so absolutely sensual and beautiful. It seemed like he could not get enough of me and the juicy combined manipulations of his tongue and mouth sent me into another place.

It was wonderful and I was completely in my element as he simultaneously sucked and fingered me; and it wasn't long before I climaxed after he started to lick my balls. That was really lovely, creating a wonderful feeling within.

This morning his mouth was there again, he said there was something he wanted to do before our morning fuck. It was so warm and good just laying there, feeling his hand massage and manipulate my cock and balls.

"Just relax and enjoy" he said and soon I felt his mouth encompass me and his busy tongue teasing my glans, then rimming my p-hole and sucking out my pre-cum

"You know what?" Richard whispered; "You have a great fucking ass and when I fucked you last night it was heaven-sent, so tight and pliable, it was like it was made for my fuck.

"And your cock" I added. "I love it I want to be all fucking ass for you."

"And I shall be all fucking cock for you Pete" 

The things we said to each other were basic but seemd quite natural.

He squeezed and plied with it as he grunted and I knew he wanted me again. His cock was that hard and so ripe; and I squeezed it to feel the hot passion beating in its stem and I wanted it up me again, deep and thrusting. As far as I was concerned he could fuck me to kingdom come like he did last night; when he shot his load all over my asshole and I felt it dribbling over my crotch. It was fresh, hot and very, very sensual.

I stuck my ass out a bit and wiggled it. I just adored being all ass for him. That's what he wanted and that's what he got and I was in my prime.

"Peter, place yourself on all fours Huh Be doggy for me?"

And of course I did, then I could really show him just how I wanted to be all fucking ass for him, my body writhing madly for his pleasure.

"Let me know if you want me to stop" he said softly. Then he gave me a sound spanking across both buttocks with a firm open hand until it smoldered. It was okay because I knew he was into the occasional spanking, and although it stung quite considerably it was worth it for what followed afterwards.

I just gritted my teeth and waited for his deep fucking and took the pain of each defined slap, knowing the pleasure it was giving him Soon his big cock, aroused more by the spanking, was thrusting into me like a piston engine and making that hurt all worthwhile as always.

"Hold it there Pete" he yelled prompting me to stop moving my ass with his thrust. That is when we enjoyed the wonderful feel of our passion throbbing inside, he was well inside me and I was fastened to him like I never wanted him to leave. To feel him there deep up inside was heaven.

He was so strong he was able to lift me with the strength of his cock inside me, levering it upwards which he said gave him a good edge. 

"I want you to know that you have really been fucked Pete" he said and he continued to hold it inside with deep sensual movements, I loved his experiments so very much like when he had started me off the evening before with a selection of his anal vibrators, preparing me for the introduction of the real thing and he enjoyed me with each one, thrusting in and out of me as he spanked and balled me. Then with a good wide stretched hole well fucked between my buttocks he went to work with his mouth and tongue, moving me to sit on his face so he could really get his tongue deep into me.

"I have never fucked anyone like you and enjoyed so much Peter, where have you been all my life? I expect you will want a good breakfast now and if you are very good I will take you into the shower room afterwards and pamper you."

He cooked me a hearty breakfast and I felt like a king the way he was spoiling me. (Or should that be a queen?) He had me wear his favorite boxer shorts which he wore the night before, the same pair I wanked and balled him in and then he sniffed them, his idea being that our scents were combined as one, because that is how he wanted that to be with us.

That was a special thrill because he had an Adonis of a body and the shorts, still soiled from last night, created a special charisma and when he rubbed me up after breakfast he watched me rise inside the shorts and gave me a brisk after breakfast wanking which was lovely.

"Do you like the way I do it Peter"

"It is divine, I love to see you do it to me as much as I enjoy doing it to you."

Mmm! You have a lovely pair of balls, very firm and full but I think we shall have to empty them don't you Pete?"

I was all for that and laid back for his pleasure, watching him stroke it and prize back the foreskin and take a deep sniff; glancing upwards at me as he did so.

"I love the smell of you, it is sublime and very suckable, to the degree I want to have you over all the time. Come on top of me Pete. Let me feel your fuck of me, you can be in charge and then we can shower". 

I nestled over his body and stretched wide to accommodate his new erection which was beating already, I guided it into me, it was different but lovely as I moved with it, feeling the fill of it slide into me. It was heaven on earth..

"Now the shower room with you and pronto" he yelled after a stiff fuck."

It was such a beautiful way to complete our first night with each other. Now I could confidently be just me and enjoy without inhibition, Richard's gorgeously pampering, lathering and gently massaging my body complete. And then it was my turn. His body was truly remarkable, so wonderfully tanned and beautifully defined, I felt so privileged that it was all mine and he said for me to do anything I wanted. For the first time he said he loved me and wanted always to be with me.

I felt his kiss nourish my response and again he was growing magnificently again with the shower still tepid. I knelt and took him again, tasting his ripe cock grow in my throat, squeezing his balls and craving again for his fuck.

It was another new experience, being fucked after a shower, when the body was soft and well pampered.

He had me against the sink, over the edge of the bath and sitting on the toilet basin with me planted on top.

In fact by the time we had done with a new fucking and lots of astute mingling of our juices we were ready for another shower and it was the same all over again.

I do love Richard so much

The nickname for Richard being Dick I will call him my Dick extraordinaire!