 How did I end up like this? With a leather collar around my neck and a leash wrapped tightly around this alpha male fist. He was so big and strong. I could feel his hard body pressed against me, his hairy chest on my back. Most of all the feeling of his long thick hard cock sliding up and down my crack pressing against the large butt plug he had put in my ass over an hour ago. His free hand pitching my nipples as he whispered naughty things into my ears. Wrapped deeply in a mix of fear and lust my small cock leaked clear pre-cum not sure if I was looking for my moment to escape or for him to mount me like a bitch in heat.

He pushed me back down and gave me some slack on the lease. His hand reaching down gripping the exterior portion of the plug. He slowly started pulling it out. I shuttered a bit as it got to the thicker part. He eased it back to the thickest part and let it sit there. This plug was big and it stretched my tiny virgin hole to the limits. He began to push it back and forth inside of me. Fucking me with the thickness. Then finally he pulled it out leaving me with an empty feeling.

"I told you I wouldn't fuck your ass. But I am going to slide my cock up and down your crack until I shoot all over your back" Charles whispered into my ear as he reached over to the counter and got the tube of lube. 

It was cold as he put a generous amount all over my crack. My hole must still be open because I swear, I felt some drip down inside me. I felt relived he wasn't going to take my ass. His hands returned to my hips and I felt his slippery cock drop down into my well lubed valley. It was so big I could feel all nine inches of his monster cock pressed against me as he began sliding in my crack. He was really getting into it and his strokes were getting longer. He reached down around me and started to rub my cock. This was so erotic and added to my confusion. Did I want this? I arched my back up a bit as I moaned. The tip of his cock got caught in my still gaping hole for a second as he thrust through.

"Oh-hhh" I whimpered surprised. It sent electric shocks through my body. Quickly I re-angled my ass so his cock would miss my hole. Charles continued to fuck my crack making sure to linger on my vulnerable fuck hole. He gripped my leaking clit and began to slowly jack me off. 

"oh Fuck!" I cried out trying not to cum. 

The pleasure was too much. I arched up sharply and then I felt the tip of his cock pressed firmly against my quivering hole. We set there in silence for a few seconds. His rock-hard cock tip inside me. I could feel his hip gently thrusting just enough to apply the slighted amount of pressure on my hole. Then backing off. His animalistic lust pulsed through me as he pushed his head in about an inch. I moaned as it stretched my hole around it. I could have run, got up and left. But instead I pushed reward and felt his huge cock ripping me in two. "Oh-h my god your so fucking huge!" I cried out my ass adjusted to his size. He waited about a minute and then began sliding his monster in and out of my willing ass. Soon I felt his pubic hair brush against my ass and his balls slapping against my own. 

"Please, don't cum inside me Charles. Promise you will pull out." I pleaded and he started to pound my ass with all abandon. 

My emotions and thoughts were everywhere. Here I was with my neighbor's massive raw cock balls deep inside me. Was I gay? Bi? His horsecock made me feel full. At moments it was uncomfortable but, I realized I was slamming my ass back into his thrusts, so it couldn't be all bad. He was really fucking the shit out of me now. 

"No Lance, you are my bitch now. You are going to take my seed deep inside you" Charles spoke as he firmed his grip on my hips. 

I didn't fight him anymore. No need too, I knew my place. He was a stud and I was lucky to have his huge cock inside me. He deserved to breed me, and he was going to, tonight and whenever he desired.

With that realization, I felt something strange building up inside me. Something I had never felt before. I was in fight or flight mode. I began to try to pull away for a second. Then I felt the warmth deep inside me and my body began to shake beneath him. 

"Oh God Charles...oh-h-h. What is happening to me?" I cried out in ecstasy.

I look down to want watched as cum began to shoot from my cock in time with his thrusts. I cried out like a whore as he fucked the cum out of me. My quivering asshole on his cock was too much for him. He pushed in deep and I felt his cock twitching as he painted my insides with his seed. This cock artist creating a masterpiece inside my man pussy. He came for what seemed like forever. When he finished, he put the plug back inside me and told me to get dressed.

"Keep that inside you. You need to absorb my seed into your body. Now get dressed and go home. Be back here tomorrow night. I don't want to have to jerk off anymore. You are my new cum dump." Charles commanded.

I got my things together and got dressed as he left the room. I never felt so used or so satisfied. Moving quietly to the door I made my way across the yard to my house. Full of internal conflict and Charles's load.