 One part of me didn’t want him to see me ejaculate and the other did. The more I thought about it, the more exposed and vulnerable I felt and yet this very aspect excited me as well. I began to involuntarily wiggle my hips and move my legs. He slowed down again and lightly touched me. I knew he was teasing me. The thought that he knew when to tease me was exciting. A lot of women think that when a man gets more aroused, the faster they think he wants it, which isn’t so for the most part.

He began to alternate between lightly stroking me and then picking up his pace. I was getting close, but every time I got close to the point of no return, he would stop and tease me some more. It begin to feel like there was a gallon of semen just at the base of my penis and the desire for its release was strong. He seemed to know instinctively when I would reach the edge and this heightened my excitement. 

Although my desire for orgasm was strong, I still felt uneasy about it. He told me to let him know when I wanted to cum. I wasn’t sure if I could verbalize this desire to him, but after teasing me for so long I found myself thrusting into his hand for more stimulation. I would get close to the edge and back down. I could tell that he wasn’t going to make me cum until I gave him the word. 

Finally I couldn’t take it anymore and told him I was ready and to make me cum. He picked up his pace and I felt the wave of going over the edge. He pulled my foreskin tautly down to the base of my penis but stopped and held it there. This triggered my orgasm but I became suspended in it. For what seemed like several seconds, I couldn’t move and it took my breath away. I wasn’t ejaculating and yet I was immersed in my orgasm. This was very strange to me. I looked at my penis and just as I did, I saw the first spurt of cum leap out of my slit. It landed on my stomach and I could feel its warmth. The second spurt came soon after followed by the third. He began to stroke me and a thick stream pumped out, slowing only in-between my ejaculatory convulsions. I closed my eyes and lay back on the pillows.

As I began to relax, I thought about what had happened. Not only was I able to get aroused by a man but I could have an orgasm as well. I felt Ok with this for some reason. I had experienced a new part of my sexuality and I accepted it.

I opened my eyes and looked at my penis. He still held me in his hands and I could see a thick drop still at my slit. I saw the puddles of cum on my stomach and felt a twitch or two in my penis. He let go of me and scooped up some of the cum off my stomach and begin to rub it onto my shaft. This surprised me but using my cum as a lubricant felt good. I had never thought about using semen as a lubricant and it excited me. He began to use more stimulation and his hand slid easily over my shaft. My penis was soon covered with my white creamy cum and I quickly became aroused again. Although no one had ever done this before, it seemed so natural to use this as a lubricant. 

I quickly grew excited watching him work my cum covered penis. After a while the cum began to lose some of its lubrication and became a little tacky. He asked me if I wanted more wetness and I said yes. He reached down and put me in his mouth and began to suck me. This sent shivers down my back and I began to slowly thrust into his mouth. The idea of him sucking my cum covered cock turned me on greatly and I could feel my orgasm come closer. It felt so good that I tried to prolong it and stopped my thrusting, letting him do the work. I could hear him sucking my wet organ and the sound became a turn on as well.

I could feel my new load well up within me and again my desire for release became stronger. I wanted to tell him to slow down and make it last but somehow I couldn’t. I begin to squirm around and knew the edge was getting closer. I then wondered if he would let me ejaculate into his mouth. A part of me didn’t want this to happen, but at the same time I wanted to. I began to worry that he might pull away at the last moment and I found myself wishing he would. Would he?