 My best friend, Tim, and I were knocking back a six-pack of Bud while shooting the shit at his house. Our visit had started out noisy and raucous because his wife and three kids were there but they'd left for a soccer game that Tim had begged out of. Turns out, I'm really glad he did.

Anyhow, we're kicking back on his couch listening to some good 60's Rock & Roll in our t-shirts and sweats, feet kicked up on their massive coffee table when Tim brings up something he's never broached before.

"Hey, Phil, uh, what's all this about prostate health? Hitting 50 kinda perked my curiousity."

"Depends on how sexually active you are, including waxing the old weasel. If you're having plenty of orgasms then don't worry about it. I'm not, so I do." Tim kinda winced and told me he wasn't getting any and hasn't for about a year. Appears his wife has just flat lost interest in anything remotely sexual. I told him we were passengers in the same boat then.

"Well, how do you keep it healthy?"

"Old buddy, you're going to think I'm a total perv. Oh, wait you already know that!" We both chuckled. "Okay, it's like this. To stay healthy there you need to express it once in a while by rubbing against it GENTLY until you shoot a load of prostate fluid. It fucking feels good. It's like cumming but with no orgasm to speak of and you're still hornier than hell but you feel quite a bit of relief. That's it in a nutshell, so to speak."

"How do you rub it? Fingers, dildo???"

I told him about my purchase of an Aneros and explained the shape. "I can slide it in and relax for an hour laying on the couch until I feel the fluid beginning to pump..." I hesitated here but decided to continue... "then I catch the man juice in my hand and oh hell, I lick it up. Fucking tastes incredible." I waited for a bad response. Instead, Tim looked forward thoughtfully then I realized his penis was pulsating ever so slightly against the confines of his sweatpants. I swear my mouth starting watering.

"Jesus, that's fucking hot. Wish I could try that."

"Tim, I could bring my Aneros over here and let you try it. It's totally clean, very hard material that cleans up great."

"Would you, uh, show me how to use it?" he asked as his cock's movement and girth increased. By then my cock had started dancing against my tight thong underwear. Frankly, I had a total erection but my thong was keeping it in check. I got up, raised my finger in the just-a-minute mode and pretty much sprinted next door, got my Aneros, rewashed it, got my lube then ran back. Just before entering the room I slowed down all casual like.

Tim got up, holding his erection in check with his hand and led me to the bedroom, slid his sweats off and let his cock bounce. Fucking hell. He was naturally hairless with smooth skin and frankly a beautiful ass. I could have shot a load right that minute but managed to maintain. He laid down on his belly, looked back at me and asked, "could you do it the first time so I don't screw myself up?" Without answering I kneeled beside his smooth ass, pumped a bunch of lube on my fingers and slowly slid my way between his tight ass cheeks. As soon as I touched him, Tim let out a lovely moan and said breathlessly, "First time anyone's touched me in ages." I answered, "well, i'm glad it's me" and ran my fingers the length of him from his tailbone to the edge of his balls then back again until I settled on his puckered anus.

"I need to lube you up, friend, is that okay? I'll be using my fingers at first." Tim simply slid his thighs further apart until I could actually see his pink, tight asshole. I rested my slippery middle finger against it then started making small circles, making sure to add lube often until he relaxed a bit. I slowly pressed against the muscle ring until it gave way and my finger pretty much popped in up to the first knuckle. Tim let out a long sigh and I stopped any forward movement, simply rotating my finger in place, pulling out just a tad to add more lube then sliding back to the previous depth.

Over a period of maybe five minutes I'd worked my finger all the way in using that technique. Tim could not keep his ass still, moving with pleasure and anticipation I guess. 

"I'm going to add a finger, Tim, ready?" Damn, I almost shot my wad when he arched his ass up a bit offering himself to my second finger. It didn't take much time until that second one had joined the other nestling against the swell of his prostate gland. I very gently began a circular caress with both fingers but soon found having to keep the palm side of my fingers pushing down to be clumsy. "Tim, roll over so I can get a better angle." Secretly, I'd been wanting a close look at his splendid cock. He got up on all fours, lifted his leg so I could duck under then laid back onto the bed, his legs spread, his beautiful cock bouncing rigidly against his belly and his low hanging balls settling between his legs, resting against my hand since we never lost anal contact. Now I could crook my fingers upward and do a better job on my buddies gland. After about five more minutes of that particular joyful activity Tim said, "Hand me the Aneros and the lube". Then he lubed it up adding even more at my insistence (when you know you have enough lube...add more!) then handed it to me. I somewhat regretfully slid my fingers out of him slowly and just as slowly insinuated the Aneros inside him until the forward arching part rested against his prostate.

"Now try to totally relax your muscles and just let it warm up." He agreed, let out another sigh and said, "Damn that feels good. I can feel that from my tailbone to the head of my cock." As he said that he moved his cock off his belly and pointed it straight upward which forced a lovely amount of precum to collect at the tip. Without thinking I captured some it it on the tip of my thumb and transferred it to my lips then realized what I'd just done but instead of freaking Tim just asked me how it tasted as he brought a larger offering to his own lips. We agreed that the uber-saltiness was damn good. I did all I could to stop myself from wrapping my lips around the head of his cock and sucking more precum out. Just back off, dude, I told myself.

Then Tim dropped a bombshell. "While I'm relaxing into the experience I want to feel yours. Would that be okay?" I told him that 'hell yes' it would be okay and tried to figure out the logistics. Tim was way ahead of me. "We could get into like a 69 position with your bottom above me then I could see and do!"

Again, my friend almost brought me to orgasm with words alone. I managed to hold on, and draped my leg over him, my ass cheeks easily accessible to him and his cock directly below my lips and hands. Fucking hell. I could hear him pumping lube then felt him spreading it between my cheeks. When you have your ass that close to another person's face, talk about letting it all hang out. Total vulnerability. And I was really getting off on it. It was a little hard to relax my ass muscles when not laying down but it was worth the minor effort when I felt my friend's stiffened finger work its way into my offered orifice. He was inside me, in a very intimate way and I was loving it. He found my prostate, confirmed his find and started rubbing it a bit too hard. "Tim, you know how you rub your eyes? Rub the prostate only that hard." He back off just a little and I moaned with the unadulterated pleasure of it.

He'd started working the Aneros across his prostate by tightening up his muscles a little in a rhythmic manner at my suggestion when he said, "Damn, I think it's happening."

"Tim, I want it straight from the tap, hope you don't mind," and put the head of his cock into my mouth. Almost immediately I felt the warm initial spurt hit my tongue. I didn't swallow. I knew it would not be as big as a load of sperm and wanted to savor the taste. I started slowly pumping his cock so I'd be sure and get all of it that I could. And boy, did I. After it stopped pumping slowly into my mouth I backed off, swallowed and squeezed a bit hard, working a finger from the base of his cock upwards to push out anything that was left in the canal and was gifted with a nice bit of actual sperm, white, thick and fucking tasty. I could feel the slight alkaline irritation at the back of my throat that I always got when I ate my own man juice. I was hot.

Tim slid his fingers out of my ass, let his head drop back on the pillow and asked, "There's another way to massage my prostate, isn't there?" as he milked my raging hard cock. "I want you there." Simple but very powerful words. I knew I would last only long enough to enter my friend's rectum but I wanted to pump my full load inside him so bad. I whipped around into position, placed the head of my cock against his ass cheeks, slipped the Aneros out and plunged my cock in, I thought too roughly but Tim just said, "Fuck yes, fuck me buddy" so I went to town, my balls slapping against his smooth ass cheeks until I buried myself as deep as I could, grabbed both his thighs, lifted them and got even deeper then screamed in the agony of pleasure as I pumped my man juice into his rectum trying to get impossibly far into his body with each pulsation.

Tim's ass muscles slowly edged me out of his rectum until the head of my cock was nestled just outside his entrance. I wanted to slide back into the heat of his body but realized that Tim had two balls full of man juice I wanted to have pumped down my throat. I moved a bit further down, dropped my head into his lap and sucked his cock fully into my mouth and began blowing him as best I could. I loved the smell of my semen as it collected between his tight cheeks as it overflowed out of his ass. I loved the smell of a hot cock, the texture of his head and shaft and the realization he wouldn't last very long in my mouth. I was working him deep into my mouth, not quite deep throating but trying. Like the slut I am I moaned with each thrust of his penis into my mouth. 

I slipped two fingers into his slippery man hole and started caressing his prostate. He started crying out in a rhythmic, guttural way. I felt the head of his cock expand even more and his shaft hardened and pushed even further into my mouth. Then his cock started pulsing. He was lost in pleasure when the first spurts hit the roof of my mouth and dripped down onto my tongue as I ran it along the underside of his penis. Wave after wave of pleasure, spurt after spurt of tasty cum. I actually had to pull back a little to swallow until only his glans was in my mouth as he continued giving me his lusty juice. As he quieted down I made sure to keep my tongue and lips away from the head with most of my work on the shaft with occasional deft licks at the head of his cock as sperm collected and started dripping down his glans. I didn't miss one drop even sucking the last remnants of his passion out of his penis before letting him slide out of my very happy mouth.

By then my cock was hard again. I moved up and slid my cock into him in one stroke all the way to my balls. He moaned, wrapped his legs around my waist and said, "Fuck me fast and hard, buddy. Fuck me." Those words propelled me into a frenzy of fucking as I plunged in and out of his hot slippery hole. I could feel him tighten his muscles around my cock. That pushed me over the edge causing me to pump yet another load of semen into his ass. 

I knew what I wanted next as I felt the familiar tingle in my rectum, the desire to be filled by a hard, thick, pink cock. But that would have to wait. Our time alone was drawing to a close. Tim checked the clock beside the bed, reached around, slid his fingers between his ass cheeks, "Oh, damn, I love that slippery feeling between my cheeks. Two loads of your cum and a lot of lube . . . nice" then slid out of bed to clean up. I just pulled my clothes on. I wanted the taste of his cum in my mouth and the cum coating my cock along with a bit of leftover lube. Next time I will turn the tables and feel the glorious fullness of my buddy's penis sliding into my well-lubed rectum. Yes!