 He kept working me with his mouth, not fast nor too slow. My arousal was increasing slowly but steadily. I couldn't see much of what he was doing so I lay back on the bed. I had been curious whether a man could bring me to an orgasm and now I knew the answer to that question. I wondered why I was letting him continue, even though it felt good, with my eyes closed it could have been a woman sucking me. I now knew that if he continued, I would have another orgasm but his masturbating me seemed more intriguing than what he was doing now. It seemed so strange watching him stroke me as I had never had a man touch me sexually. Watching myself ejaculate in front of him was really intense and then watching him rub my semen around my penis and using it as a lubricant was also intensely sexual. But his sucking me didn't seem so intense until I grew rather aroused.

When I felt that wet, warm feeling deep down inside me, I agian began to wonder if he would let me cum in his mouth. The thought of him eating my cum seemed to turn me on, somewhat like when a woman eats me. In a way it's a form of acceptance I guess. Wondering if he would just increased my arousal. He was gay but I'm sure not all gay men enjoy eating semen and I began to hope sincerely that he would.

Soon, I began to breath harder and although I noticed it, I no longer worried that he would notice. I did begin to worry that he would pull me out of his mouth and although I didn't really understand why, I feverently wanted him to drink my cum.

I remembered a technique my ex wife had used when she was performing oral sex on me. When I was about to go over the edge, she would grip me at the base of my penis with her hand and leave only the head of my penis in her mouth. If my instinct to thrust was too much, she could control it with her hand, pulling the foreskin taughtly against the base, causing a little pain but would keep me from thrusting. She didn't mind the taste of my semen, but if the head was too far in her mouth at the time of my ejaculation, it would cause her gag reflex to become active. Later on, we had read that the instinct for a man to thrust is very primal, trying to insure that the sperm get as close to the egg as possible to ensure the survival of the species.

With this knowledge, I prepared myself to resist the urge to thrust in the hopes that he would leave me in his mouth. Instead of trying to hide my excitement, I did just the oppisite to give him an idea of when I was about to go over the edge so that he wouldn't be surprised. I began to moan and wiggle my hips a little, but tried not to move too much. This became difficult as I neared orgasm.

I knew I was about to go over the edge, so I grabbed bunches of the bed sheets so as not to instinctively grab his head and force it down on me. I let out a 'I'm cumming' moan. He pulled down on my foreskin but kept me in his mouth. The orgasm was intense and my ejaculatory spurts came in rapid succession. I could feel the contractions on his lips. I was afraid I was cumming too hard, but there wasn't anything I could do about it. He kept me in his mouth though and kept me there until my orgasm subsided. I couldn't tell if he had swallowed my cum and I began to worry that he might spit it out for some reason. However, he began to work my cum around in his mouth for a while and then I could tell he was swallowing it in small swallows, like he was enjoying the taste of my cum.

I felt light headed and I lay on my back to catch my breath. I felt kind of elated, not in a dirty way, that he had eaten my cum. I tried to understand this but couldn't quite figure it out. In a way it was simular to a woman eating me and yet different in that it was a man. I knew it made me feel that my sexuality was accepted by him and that we shared the same sexual organs which somehow made it seem OK. 

After a couple of minutes of catching my breath, I looked over at him. He too was lying on his back. I looked down at his penis. It was semi-erect. I wondered if by giving me a blow job, had it turned him on? I reached out and picked his penis up in my hand. How strange it felt to touch a man's penis as I had never done so before. It was warm and I just held it, amazed at seeing my hand holding it.

He told me that I ddin't have to reciprocate, but for some reason I wanted to even though it had been agreed upon that we would just see if I could get aroused by another man. I began to slowly masturbate him, slowly pulling his foreskin up and down his semi-erect shaft. It was somewhat of a stretch, so I scooted down further. Slowly he became hard and I enjoyed watching his erection grow. It seemed weird to be touching a man in such a sexual way, but at the same time it was intriguing. In a way it had nothing to do with him but more like masturbating myself but seeing it from a different perspective. 

He was probably the same size I was but it seemed bigger because of my close proximity to it. I did notice that his head had a more pronunced bell shape or flare to it then mine did. Being exposed to the air, it was dry but smooth and I began to feel the ridge build as he got even more erect. I remember reading once a statement by a lesbian womething to the effect that who better to please you sexually then someone with the same equipment. I decided to use the techniques that I used on myself when I masturbated. I wasn't one to hurry and get to the orgasm, but instead enjoyed the different stages of arousal. I would masturbate him slowly for a few minutes and then let go of him and then after several seconds just use just the tips of my fingers to run up and down his shaft.

I would repeat this several time and then pick up speed for a while, tugging a little harder when I pulled his foreskin down to the base. About this time I noticed his breathing becoming a little harder and I also noticed a little drop of transparent pre-cum appear in his slit. I realized that I was actually giving a man sexual pleasure and it seemed weird and yet I enjoyed it. I felt like I knew from my own maleness, what was happening to him. 

I couldn't seem to take my eyes off the drop of pre-cum. It grew in size until it magnafied his slit. I began to feel the slight tingle of my own sexuality and it surprised me that this drop of pre-cum was arousing me. It grew bigger and I waited for it to become heavy enough that it would eventually run off. I found myself wanting to lick it off but I was embarrassed to do so. It finally grew enough that it slowly rolled off his tip and landed on his stomach. Although it was clear, it was thick and left a thread from his slit hanging down to his stomach. Before I could think any further, I reached down and with my tongue, scooped the thread of pre-cum up into my mouth. It almost seemed instinctive to do this for some reason. It didn't have much taste but I liked it's texture. It was slightly thick and silky to my tongue.

I continued with the various techniques of masturbating him and he began to get more excited. Another drop of pre-cum began to build and again I watched it build, waiting for it to become big enough so that I could again lick it off. It didn't take long though and he became extrememly excited and I knew that I would make him cum soon. I wanted to put him in my mouth and have him ejaculate there, but at the same time I was hesitant about doing that. I had only tasted a small amount of my own semen, not even a full load, just some that had gotten on my fingers. Was I ready to take a full load in my mouth from another man? 

I had just planned to watch him ejuaculate but now I was torn between that and having him cum in my mouth. I decided that I would do as he had done to me. I at least wanted to see him ejaculate, so I picked up my pace and he begin to squrim and moan more. I stopped, knowing he was close to the edge and he involuntarily began thrusting into my hand. I would stroke him a couple of times and then stop and he would thrust again. I enjoyed him trying to fuck my hand. I wanted to tease him but I wanted to make him cum as well.

Fianlly I kept up a steady rhythm and in no time, he let out a grunt and I pulled the foreskin down to the base at the same time he thrust upward. His back arched and his first spurt shot out of his slit and I could actually hear the 'squirt'. The second spurt follwed the first one almost immediately, landing where the first one had landed, right above his belly button. I watched in amazement as he continued ejaculating. I had caused this orgasm and it seemed pretty intense for him. I kept milking him watching the spurts subside until just a white, thick thread hung down from his slit. Maybe it was because I was so close, but it seemed like he had ejaculated quite a volume of semen and in a way I was proud of getting so much from him.

He slowly settled back onto the bed and I scooped up a big puddle and began to work it into his shaft. He had already begun to go limp, but as I worked more of it around, he grew erect again. It felt warm and silky in my hand and it made his penis slippery and well lubricated. I watched intently as the white cum oozed between my fingers and coat his shaft in an opaque white gleam. I loved it's texture and knowing what it was turned me on. Eventually, I could smell it, remeinding me of freshly washed bed sheets. Even the smell of his cum seemed to turn me on. I knew then that I wanted to taste it.

I bent down and put his head into my mouth. I slowly took more of his shaft into my mouth. It was a wonderful feeling, being so slick and silky with his cum. His penis seemed much bigger in my mouth than I had thought. I wondered how women who had smaller mouths could encompass a full erect penis. I tried to taste his juices, but really couldn't taste anything. I could smell that slight 'clean' smell and that with the silky texture, aroused me more. I liked sucking on him as it was truly a first time experience. I remember thinking how sexual a penis was and knowing that I had caused it to ejaculate this white, creamy cum.

Within a few minutes, he bagan to moan and I knew that he was getting excited again. I was surprised that he was getting so excited in what seemed such a short time since he had cum before. I too was getting aroused and seeing him respond to my oral manipulations made me more so. Again I considered letting him ejaculate in my mouth, but this time I really wanted him to. I just had to make up my mind. I wanted to know what it was like, but could I actually go through with it?