 NOTE: To those that have been following along with this series, THANK YOU. Your ratings and comments are amazing to see. My hope is this chapter is a worthy reward for you sticking with the story so far. To those that are new to my writing, please read the previous chapters before reading this one. This one goes from 0-100 really quick. Enjoy!

*****

After the intense night of camming that saw me forcefully invading my tight ass with all five of my own fingers, I seriously cut back on my exposure. It was necessary for my fragile psyche. I was going overboard and it was too much to handle, too fast (pun intended). 

Looking back, Rodrigo's easy influence over me was disconcerting. I trusted him too quickly and would make allowances thinking, "I owed him." So, I took a step back from being his cam model.

Plus, it was just the start of my semester at college and I started to have a lot to do. My studies consumed a huge chunk of time and classes had me busy. Don't get me wrong, I was still hooking up with girls, still partying, and still enjoying myself. It was college, after all. But, I couldn't spend every waking minute in front of my computer, naked. Right? Sure.

I did not have it all figured out. I was still hounded by conflicting thoughts. I had gone so far in the summer. From showing off my naked body online to a blowjob from Rodrigo. And now, I had gone from anal virgin to "Five Finger Phillip" in just two nights. I was worried.

Despite the trepidation, I was destined to betray myself. In my private time, as soon as I got horny, my thoughts would drift back to the pleasure of stretching my newly insatiable asshole. And, one or two (or more) of my fingers would be forced into my ass each week. My cock would get hard, my pre-cum would dribble off the tip of my throbbing cock, and I would moan into my pillow as I finger fucked my aching hole.

After some time, my fingers began to bore me and I started eyeing a long cylindrical plastic spray tube.

This plastic spray tube had a length of 8 inches (20.32 centimeters). And, it was 2 inches (5.08 centimeters) wide. That is SIGNIFICANTLY bigger than an average cock. But, I didn't acknowledge that.

My eyes were clearly bigger than my stomach. Or, they were bigger than my asshole. Right? Sure.

Sensing a pattern, I am sure you can guess what happened next. Inevitably, the big plastic spray tube ended up encased in a condom, coated in lube, and pushed deep into my ass. It stretched me and filled me to my capacity. And, I loved it.

Ludicrously, I was still attempting rationalization. I thought, "This isn't gay. I'm by myself. It's all for fun. Nothing has happened." Totally logical.

This logic was extremely prevalent on the night I sat on the plastic bottle, slamming it into my wanting asshole, causing my cock to spray cum all over my desk. Afterward, I discovered my door had been unlocked the entire time. It was like I was asking to get caught.

I realize the flawed logic I was using to mask losing my "straightness" was enabling my depravity. I could do anything and explain it away with a simple wave of the hand. It was a free pass. It was a very dangerous line to walk. I held on to this naughtiness and exploration until I was fit to boil.

I started to lose control. You see, Rodrigo was in my head, again. There was something about him: his persuasiveness, how naughty he made me feel, his attraction to me, and so on. But, there was something else.

He would text. I would blush. He would message. I would get hard. He would say he missed my cam shows. I would feel my blood surge.

It was fine. Right? Sure. Just a bit of fun. No worries.

Well, one night I was face-down ass-up on my bed (positively drooling) as I forcefully pistoned the plastic bottle in and out of my slick lubed asshole. And, as my orgasm was building, an image drifted into my head. I fantasized about Rodrigo's absolutely rock hard cock.

I had never seen it, he had never shared it, but I had briefly felt its thickness rub against my thigh the night he sucked my cock. I felt myself salivate and my own cock started throbbing. At that, I slammed the bottle deep into my hole and came incredibly hard. I collapsed on my bed. Once I recovered, I felt a pang of guilt, but I brushed it off, again.

My mental bargaining continued, until I came across something I couldn't reason away completely.

--

The semester progressed. I forced myself to focus on other things. Finally, Thanksgiving break rolled around. I went home. I got to see friends and family. I went out. I drank and partied.

On Black Friday, I came home late into the night a bit tipsy and horny as hell, honestly.

As I closed and locked my bedroom door, I booted up my computer. In no time, I was browsing any amateur-based image board I could find so I could gawk at the hot bodies of naked girls and stroke myself.

Out of the blue, an instant message popped up on my screen.

"Hey Boy, how's it hanging?"

It was Summer. I had met her a couple semesters ago at a dance party and was drawn to her from the get-go. She was tall, blonde, slender, and an incredible dancer. But, we had never found the right timing to start seriously seeing each other. This semester, she was studying abroad and wouldn't be back until after the New Year. And, being abroad, she only had instant messaging at her disposal (which will become important).

"Hey Girl, it's hanging just fine, thank you for your concern. Just a bit weighty and to the left," I replied wittily.

"I'll be the judge of that," she returned saucily.

"Will you now?" I inquired.

"Of course, seeing is believing. When we danced, I felt something that might be considered impressive. But, I have to see it to believe it," she challenged.

"My Lady, is that any way to speak to a gentleman?" I rebutted.

"No, but you aren't a gentleman, now are you?" she asked, hypothetically.

I blushed. She might have had me there. If only she knew what I had been up to.

Our flirting continued and I got so absorbed that I almost forgot there was a collection of naked pictures displayed on my browser. I started wondering if Summer had a collection of her own naked selfies. But, I kept that thought to myself and just relentlessly teased her. She fought back with some sassy comments. It was fun. She was enjoying herself and we started to make plans to meet up the following semester.

I was glad to have found another chat partner to keep me out of Rodrigo's clutches. Obviously, he was completely to blame for my struggle, right? Sure.

But, speak of the Devil, and He shall appear. My phone lit up the darkness outside my computer screen. A text message arrived and read, "Hey there, Damien." It was Rodrigo.

I could feel goosebumps forming on my chest. Cold sweat beads began to collect on my skin. And, more blood began pumping to my already stiff erection from the flirt session (not to mention, the naked pictures on my screen).

"Hey, how are you?" I returned timidly.

"What are you up to, hot stuff?" he asked.

Right as I typed, "Well, I'm talking to this amazing girl and..." I received a message from Summer.

"Hey, listen, I gotta go. But, it was really nice talking to you! Stay out of trouble," she said. My only lifeline had evaporated. And, on its evaporation, it had delivered quite an ominous message. No one could save me now.

I got nervous. I answered Rodrigo honestly, "Nothing much..."

"Listen, can I come over? You HAVE to let me blow you again. You owe me. It's been too long and without your hot camshows, I don't know what to do with myself. You took them away, but IF you let me come over and suck that big beautiful cock of yours, all is forgiven. ;)" he said.

I didn't know how to react.

"Okay, maybe a blowjob and some more stuff. We'll feel it out. Go with the flow, you know," he said, slyly reaching.

I had to respond, or he'd keep going without compromise. "Rodrigo, no. That's not fair. I can't. I am interested in a girl and I just can't," I returned.

"A girl? You owe me. You, that body, and that cock owe me. Besides, I won't tell anyone. Promise!" he argued.

"No," I insisted.

We must have gone back and forth a thousand times, but he would not back down.

I didn't know what to do, my pulse was racing. He'd caught me with my pants down with no protection. "NO!" probably would have worked, if I believed it. But, his coercion had a particular effect on me. I was flattered. I was horny. I was tipsy. And, I really wanted that blowjob.

"OK, but ONLY a blowjob. Absolutely nothing else!" I countered.

"Okay, okay, moody! Jeez! I'll be right over. Can't wait. ;)" he sent back.

Uh oh.

--

For the next fifteen minutes, I sat in my dark room sweating things out. 

"Just a blowjob, right? Just a blowjob. Nothing more, but nothing less (Thank God, I can't wait to cum). NO! Don't get yourself too worked up or he'll have all the power!" I argued with myself.

Everything seemed to be tipping in his favor, though. I had said yes. He had his foot in the door. Lucky for him, I had just recently shaved my crotch and made sure my 'rear entrance' was absolutely bare. I had been working out, so my body was hard and warm. My cock was rock hard. And, my mind started to wander to the thoughts I had been entertaining about Rodrigo.

All of these facts hit me like a ton of bricks. My anxiety kicked into overdrive. Fortunately for Rodrigo, he texted "I'm here" just before I dropped dead.

With a shaking hand, I opened the door and there was Rodrigo grinning from ear to ear. I motioned 'His Smugness' to be quiet. If I had woken up my parents, I would have died. I ushered him through a visitor's room and into my adjoining bedroom.

I whispered to him, "How do you want...?"

I didn't even get a chance to finish asking the question before he had turned me by my hips until I was facing away from him. He reached around and whipped off my belt. Rodrigo then undid my jeans and pulled them to my ankles tossing them away. He caressed my ass from behind through my boxer briefs and that's when he spoke over my shoulder into my ear.

"God, I have been wanting to touch this ass for a long time. It's even firmer than I thought it would be," he said. His hot breath tickled my ear as he pulled the back of my boxer briefs down to reveal a bit of butt 'cleavage.'

I was whipped around again. He was on his knees and he pulled my underwear off as my rigid cock bounced up into his face. "Mm, this fucking cock. So delicious," he said as he kissed the head.

Rodrigo pushed his mouth down around my shaft. Then, alternating between sucking and stroking with his hand, he looked into my eyes while he tasted the pre-cum pouring from me. I tried to stay calm, but a whimpered moan escaped me. He pulled my cock from his mouth. He could see my look of desperation, plain as day.

"Take your shirt off," he said directly.

"OK! But, please try to keep the volume down," I said through gritted teeth.

I was groaning and breathing hard as I whipped my shirt to the floor. His hands roamed up my abdomen. He moaned on my cock in his mouth. I was falling apart.

He paused to speak. "I should say the same to you, Damien," Rodrigo teased. With that, he shoved the entire length of my raging hard dick down his throat.

There I was, completely naked in front of Rodrigo in record time. He had entirely swallowed my member and I had no defenses left. He was in control. I started thinking, "Whatever, just go with the flow, he's a friend." Famous last words.

He sucked and stroked and licked until I was in a great place. I was drunk with arousal. Then, suddenly, he stopped. He pulled my cock out of his mouth with a pop and said sternly, "Lie on the floor."

I scrambled internally, but then started thinking logistically. I mumbled, "I can't lie down in here, hardwood is uncomfortable. Visitor's room, carpet, comfortable." Completely naked, I turned and (quietly) dashed through the adjoining door with my cock in the lead and Rodrigo in hot pursuit.

I flopped down on the carpeted floor on my back in the dark visitor's room. My cock stood straight up. Rodrigo dove between my legs and swallowed my hard cock again. He then began to lick the shaft down to my balls. He sucked, licked, and played with my balls all the while still gently stroking my throbbing dick.

Then, he moved my balls up and out of the way and licked underneath them until he reached my asshole. His tongue flicked out. It prodded, poked, and wet my tight rosebud. I could feel it tingle. It made me twitch, but it felt fantastic. It was something I had honestly never felt before. Each lash of his tongue gave me shivers and my nerves were on edge.

Rodrigo cycled his attention. From my cockhead, to the shaft, to my balls, to my asshole; he was methodic and thorough. I felt like I was on fire. It was driving me crazy.

Again, he stopped. With a heady slurp, my cock was removed from his mouth. He said "Get up on the bed, I need to prop you up on a pillow to get at you," he winked. 

It made sense to me in my pleasure-flooded brain. I moved up on the bed and he started the whole cycle again. Cockhead, shaft, balls, asshole...cockhead, shaft, balls, asshole. Eventually, I could feel that my asshole was soaking wet and he abruptly told me to flip over on all fours. 

I had some anxiety, but my brain was consumed with lust and I had a one-track mind. "MORE PLEASURE NOW!" my thoughts screamed. I was doomed.

I assumed the position, with my ass in the air. He got back to licking my hole and my eyes rolled back in my head. Then, I started feeling something pushing inside of me. Rodrigo started prodding and poking with his fingers. He got one inserted. He plunged it deep as I started burning up inside. The feeling of discomfort was absent, just the warm pleasure I always would seek. Then, he worked in a second finger. 

I felt naked. I was. Moreover, I was completely exposed, vulnerable, and out of control. I tried to speak, but nothing intelligible came out. I tried to fight it, but my whole body was loving this. He said, "I need some light to see better."

In my hazy state, I pointed out a switch which flipped on a dim light. The illumination was gentle, but I could clearly make out an image. I was on all fours naked, face-down ass-up in front of Rodrigo, with his fingers pumping in and out of my asshole. I almost died of embarrassment. I averted my eyes from the mirror. But, Rodrigo pushed on, working me out until I was sufficiently warmed up and stretched. 

Then, he took out his cock. He had slowly stripped down in the process of driving me wild and I hadn't really noticed. I could tell he had whipped his dick out because it was rubbing around my ass in the saliva and moisture. I realized he was collecting lube for a new 'assault.' I muttered gibberish again, exhaustedly. I couldn't form a rational thought, and I was defeated. My body wanted this. Period.

He placed his cock at the entrance to my virgin (traditional sense of the word) asshole. I could feel the heat and slight pressure of his cockhead against my puckered, lubed, and pleasured opening. With my final ounce of mental resistance I thought, "Now is when you stop him. This is it. There is no coming back from this." 

But, he did one last loop, then squared up his cock and pressed it dead center into my asshole and I moaned, "Yes!"

My moan was enough. He thrusted his hard cock all the way to the hilt. His balls slapped against me and I was finally officially deflowered.

He paused a moment and I could tell he was elated. He had claimed his prize. My rationalization process was trying to kick in as I processed the physical feeling of a man's cock piercing me through and through. Meanwhile, my body was embracing the pleasure. My hips rolled and my back arched to allow his cock to completely claim me.

Rodrigo slowly pulled his cock back out of me and I suddenly felt empty; a feeling that must have struck me as dissatisfactory. I subtly pushed my body back towards him to fill me again. But, Rodrigo gripped my hips, stopping me. I tried to wiggle my ass free, frustrated. Sensing my body's craving, he plunged back into my asshole balls deep. I gasped. My cock bounced from the force and pressure on my prostate.

Again, he withdrew, and I lightly whimpered, still not completely grasping the situation. But, my asshole was definitely grasping Rodrigo's situation. He began grunting lightly, like a man close to the edge.

"Oh...fuck...so tight," he muttered.

SLAP!

He pounded back into me and I supported myself on my elbows the best I could to provide the best target for him. He withdrew.

SLAP!

He was taking it to my hole with everything he had. I was biting the pillow. His cock was thick and stretching me. But, there was no pain. Only euphoric blinding pleasure remained. He drew his hips back, again.

SLAP!

I could feel every last inch of his cock was deep inside of me. He gripped the meat of my ass below my waist and ground his hips forward. Our balls touched. I was beside myself. His cock left my stretched hole once more.

SLAP!

As deep as ever, his dick spread me wide once more.

Rodrigo quickly stuttered, "I'm cummmmming."

In my strange state of mind, my rationalization process met something it CANNOT reason away. As soon as Rodrigo's release began, my body tensed and I started pounding back into him. It almost felt involuntary, like I had no choice. I was throwing my ass back on his hard cock, furiously. He gripped my back with urgency. His cock was "Sooo sensitive," but he could not stop me. 

My needy hole engulfed him tip to hilt ten hard and forceful times.

"STOP!" he uttered, and I did. He pulled his cock from my ass and I could hear the pop it made when removed. I flipped over on my back with my legs spread like a common slut. I felt down between my ass cheeks. My battered hole had cum slowly trickling from it.

It was real. It wasn't a dream. My ass had drained Rodrigo's cock dry.

He asked if I wanted a blowjob. I stared at the ceiling. I couldn't even respond. He pounced on my still rigid cock, gagging and choking on it. He stroked me in his mouth and swirled his tongue around my cockhead. In under two minutes, I exploded deep down his throat. He had to swallow two times and there was still enough for him to milk from my cock and spray all over my abs.

He stood up and went to the bathroom. I lay there naked on the bed, spent, and covered in two types of cum. My mind was on overdrive. Rodrigo brought me tissue from the bathroom. I used it to stem the tide that was his bucket of cum dripping from my gaping asshole. I had graciously earned that load.

Once he was completely dressed, Rodrigo said, "See, it's not that bad." With that, he reached out and with one finger collected a dribble of my own cum from my cock. He teased as if he would lick it from his fingertip. But, his eyebrows raised. He crouched down and simply said, "Open."

I opened my mouth. Rodrigo put the dollop of cum on my tongue. I swallowed its savory sweetness. He could tell I enjoyed it. 

Satisfied, Rodrigo winked at me and left the house. But, I couldn't get him to leave my thoughts. No, he had found his way in and was there to stay.

How would I rationalize things this time?