 A lot happened in the next coming months. I started my next semester in college. I made a bunch of new friends. And, I just kept pressing my limits in my highly sexual free time.

The summer break gifted me a new found respect for the sex lives of gay men. Nothing would ever tear me away from the sexual temptations of females, but I started to see why two men would decide to fool around. Unspeakably horny and completely naked in that park, I came straight down Rodrigo's throat and was 'blown' away. The blowjob I received from Rodrigo opened my eyes to a brand new sexual frontier.

But, I hadn't crossed the line, right? It was bad of me to be stripped down in public. But, a blowjob from a guy isn't gay. After all, HE's the one that sucked the cock, not me. Sure...

My contradictory thoughts were further compounded by my "advancement" in the webcam game. You see, Rodrigo kept his supervisory role as my camming guru, and I...

Well, I was horny.

After Rodrigo gave me that blowjob, I maintained a several-night-a-week camming habit. I mean, it was the least I could do. He did suck my dick, after all. Sure...

And, a new development, not only did I shave away any pubic hair, I made sure to shave away any hair between my ass cheeks. Why? Well, perfectly justifiable reasons, of course.

I thought it would look tidy, and Rodrigo advised I do it because the audience preferred it that way. I was a little confused. But, everything was fine since they had only seen my ass cheeks. They hadn't seen between them, right? Sure...

Anyway, my webcam habit continued along like before until one night, well, two nights in particular:

"Damien, it's time we step it up a notch, things have gotten a little stale," Rodrigo's serious message read.

I stared at my screen; my cock twitching, my naked body heaving, and my tongue lapping at my own pre-cum smeared from ear-to-ear.

"What do you mean?" I returned, somewhat shocked.

"I need you to do what I say. Get your lube," he said, cavalierly.

I had found that sexual lubricant made the best masturbation aide and made sure to stock up. It was Rodrigo's suggestion...

"OK!" I said, perfectly pliant due to my level of arousal and Rodrigo's forceful words.

"Coat one finger in lube," he said. I tipped the bottle over on my pointer finger and watched the viscous liquid bead and slowly drip down my digit.

"Good. Now, stick that finger in your ass," Rodrigo said plainly.

My brain wasn't ready for that command. Despite all of my rationalizations, I couldn't rationalize plunging a finger, let alone my own slimy slippery finger, into my asshole. I mean, I had done a lot, but that was going too far. There was no coming back from that.

"...What?" I responded weakly, my present state of arousal combining with all of the explosive orgasms I had experienced in the recent weeks, which Rodrigo had helped direct. 

"He has the best intentions in mind, he's a friend. Could be fun..." my own thoughts mused.

"You read it correctly, hurry up. The crowd is getting restless," Rodrigo shot back, lancing through my defenses.

It was then I realized I had all but stopped breathing. Catching my breath as my heart pounded to recover, I saw that he was right. The room was in disarray and confused as to why I had poured the lube on my finger, especially now since I was slowly stroking my finger in the manner I would my own hard dick.

I caught myself. My mind was spinning and my sexual energy was peaking. My pulsating cock bobbed in rhythm and time with my pounding heart. I stared into the camera, and nodded submissively. 

Rodrigo broke silence in the chatroom, "Ladies and gentlemen, our gracious model is going to treat us to something NEW." The excited messages piled up. Speculation here, evocative comments there.

Tilting the camera downward, I moved my chair out of the way and got down on my back, my steel hard cock pointing straight to the ceiling. I took a deep breath and poured a little more lube on my hand and fingers. My nervousness was growing.

With my legs pulled up against by body and spread to give the audience a view, I put my arm underneath me. I lathered the copious amounts of lube between my bare ass cheeks as I stroked my cock with the other hand. I swiped across the target (my asshole) several times to prepare. I could see the comments flooding the page.

With the preliminary lubrication now complete, I lifted my body and spread my legs a bit farther, both to provide a better view and better access to my mint-condition (within reason) asshole.

My hand still under my body, I extended my pointer finger and nervously tapped the lubed rosebud. The tap caused an assemblage of nerve endings to fire. I didn't expect such a reaction from my body. My leg muscles contracted and I almost fell back.

It felt GOOD.

"Uh oh," I thought, doomed. I had come too far to stop now. I unfurled my finger once more and, tapping again on my hole, I began to put pressure directly in the center of the opening. For a moment, nothing happened. There was resistance and I was shivering with anticipation.

Suddenly, the muscles gave way and the first half of my pointer finger was pulled into my ass. I let out a sharp breath. It was tight, and somewhat painful.

I paused and let my nerve endings, that were on fire, cool to a sizzle. I slowly began to pull my finger back out and it was searing again. I paused a second time.

It felt like I was instantly pouring sweat. I didn't want to stop, I knew that much. Despite the discomfort, the pleasure underneath it all was warm and incredible. I wanted to push through and find it.

Finally, I was at it again. I managed to adjust and slowly pushed until the entire digit was completely inside of me. My mind was blown. I had never had anything in my ass before, and now my finger was deep in my own asshole. I decided now was a good time to monitor the chatroom.

I shifted to look at the screen, with my back arched and hand cupped around my firm ass. An assemblage of expletives and sexual remarks plastered the chatroom. But, more importantly, I had new comments from Rodrigo in our separate messages.

"HOLY FUCK, BABY! I am stroking my cock and that looks so fucking hot from this angle! The people want more, two fingers! Two fingers! Do it!" he said rapid-fire.

Did he call me 'Baby'?

Whatever. My brain was done with rationalizing for now. I needed to continue. I curled my middle finger up against my forefinger which was already deep inside of me. I pressed against the opening which was clenched tight on my forefinger. 

Luckily, because of the excessive amounts of lube and my 'warm up,' my ass gave in and allowed my middle finger some leeway to spread my hole wider. Of course, the discomfort returned, but I had already seen the light delivered from anal play and I would not be deterred.

As I subconsciously bucked my hips, my middle finger began to make its own trek. It slid slowly into my depths next to my forefinger until it too came to rest deep inside of me. I almost felt like I couldn't breathe.

I felt so full, so tight, and the pain was hard to endure. But, I gave it time, and slowly the boiling pleasure and intense pressure against my prostate was making every stroke of my cock feel like heaven.

I snapped out of my personal rapture for a moment with a look on my face that reflected the utter stupor in which I found myself. I glanced to the screen, again. Rodrigo was sending his praises and another command.

"FUCK BABY FUCK! God, my cock is so hard for you right now! Your ass looks so good. It must feel amazing. I am so horny right now! Last one for tonight! Three! DO THREE!" he screamed through the screen.

I was broken, exhausted; I couldn't think. I felt like a hot water tank whose rivets were shooting off one by one about to burst at the seams. My body was on fire with ecstasy and in my hazy daze, I understood what I needed to do. My cock was tingling and it felt like any slight movement by my fingers in my ass would cause my nerves to explode and send debilitating shockwaves through my body.

Still skewered by my two fingers, I took a deep breath. I shifted myself to ensure my ass was aiming straight at the camera. Finally, I slowly and gently curled my ring finger in to join the party. My legs were twitching and the sweat was pouring down my chest. I pressed against and bore down on the slippery surface of my hole and my ass surrendered.

My ring finger gained just enough action to PLUNGE in next to my other two fingers.

I had never felt such a sensation in my life. Full, paralyzed, stung with pain - I was stretched, but overall seething with pleasure.

I slowly and methodically concentrated pushing my ring finger deeper and deeper into my lubricated hole as I made long exaggerated strokes of my cock soaked in lube and pre-cum. The progress was gradual. But, my ring finger ultimately fully embedded itself in the core of my pliable but tight hole. Three of my own fingers were stretching me wide open.

I glanced at the screen with the ounce of energy I had left, and saw Rodrigo's final message, "OH FUCK BABY! I AM GOING TO CUM SO HARD! THIS IS SO HOT! OH GOD!"

Just at that moment, my orgasm crashed over me. 

My ass clenched tight around my fingers pulling them snug against my prostate. My body twitched and convulsed like nothing I had ever experienced. My cum erupted from me in huge furious ropes that splattered against my abs and neck with one errant drop grazing my lower lip, even. I collapsed to the floor as scorching waves of pleasure pounded through me.

I could do nothing but moan incoherently. I nearly passed out. When I finally recovered, I noticed the absolute torrent of cum that plastered my body, coating my aching muscles that were still clenched after such bliss.

Unknowingly, I darted my tongue out and tasted something quite new (recognizing the taste only afterward as the untainted sweet savory flavor of my own cum). 

I pulled my fingers from my hungry hole and turned ghostly white. Well, as ghostly white as someone can turn under a fine layer of my own juices.

I said my thank yous and goodbyes as my cum dripped down my body. I hit the shower and jumped into bed; absolutely spent and unable to even comprehend what had happened. Though, the dull ache of my stretched hole did not let me off easy. I was reeling.

That confusion would be magnified tenfold the very next day...