 I had been doing on-cam performances for a long time at the direction of Rodrigo. That part didn't faze me. It was my choice. It was just for fun.

But, never had I ever put anything in my ass. That is, until the night before. Now, I was deep in the "deflowered zone." I had been three fingers deep, to be exact.

And, I had loved it.

I woke up the next morning with that thought fresh in my head. I was in a sexual daze. I could feel myself blush from the shock of it all.

My mind was awash with sexual thoughts, my body tingled, my ass (embarrassingly enough) felt pleasantly stretched, my cock was rock hard, and my mouth still tasted of my own cum that had splashed my lips the evening before.

Licking my lips, I ran my hand down my body. My naked chest heaved with rapid breath. My fingers glided over the contours of my abs until they wrapped around my rock hard cock. I could hear myself moan softly.

I was in deep, indeed.

Before I lost my head, it suddenly dawned on me that I had to go to work (and then class). I leapt out of bed, got ready, and was off.

I was completely unproductive at work and even more so in class. All I could focus on was carnal pleasure, sexual urges, and dirty thoughts. The bulge that was straining against my jeans wasn't helping either.

What was I becoming?

I mean, I was definitely a sexual person, but this was different. I was obsessed, addicted. I needed release. And, my mind kept feeding me reminders of what I had done the night before.

As much as I didn't want to admit it, my naughtiness the previous evening had triggered something deep down inside of me. Or, should I say, deep up inside?

It felt different, interesting, incredible. My body wanted more of this fun; to push it further. But, my mind wasn't going to take the initiative to make that happen. But, I know who was...

As soon as class let out, I raced home. After I destroyed my dinner, said a few quick pleasantries to housemates, and had a quick refreshing shower, I slammed my bedroom door and locked it.

My computer was on, my clothing was off, and I was on the cam site in record time. The amount of viewers in the lobby grew and my hardening erection reached an absolutely rigid and pulsing state.

The pre-cum was dribbling off the head of my cock. I was cupping it with my hands, stroking it down the shaft to coat it for lube, and then licking my hands clean. I was a man possessed.

"Well, well, well, Damien. It looks like someone started the party without me," Rodrigo's quip read, as it popped up on my screen.

"Yeah," I returned, "it was a long day and I am unspeakably horny."

"Mm, Baby. That cock is as hard as I have ever seen it. You were incredible last night, I'm still recovering from the orgasm," Rodrigo teased, "You like that?"

I blushed. I was proud, but conflicted. I reasoned with myself, "It's flattering! I am still straight. I played with myself, that can't be wrong. It's not like I crave his attention." Though, my cock twitched at the thought of how hard Rodrigo got off to me finger-fucking my asshole.

"Last night was crazy. I have never done anything like that. I don't know what got into me," I said, not willing to submit to my body's 'betrayal.' I couldn't bring myself to the edge. But, Rodrigo could.

"Oh, I know exactly what got into you. And, I think the crowd is hungry for more and so am I," he said, with foreboding. "Let's get started."

Uh oh.

---

I blinked. I was on the floor. My hands were covered in a mixture of my own sweet pre-cum and lube. 

This time, I was face down with my ass up and pointed directly at the computer screen and camera. Again, three fingers were invading my ass. Deep. My own fingers thrusting in and out of my stretched hole. The ring of muscle glowing with embedded pleasure not known to me since my first experience the night before.

Countering the action, my legs and hips were pushing back against my fingers and their ever increasing assault. My back was arched to provide better access (and perhaps a better view). My thoughts consumed me, "Think of what this looks like; SO HOT, SO EMBARRASSING..."

They were endless.

My other hand was wrapped around my unrelentingly stiff cock, with a pool gradually accumulating below connected by a thick strand of pre-cum. I was numb to the world. All I focused on was the pleasure radiating from my ass.

I was shocked out of my trance by the sound of a new message. I glanced at the screen and flipped over (fingers still plunged in my ass, mind you). I sat down on my hand impaling the three fingers deeper into my wanting hole. I began to rock my hips, subtly grinding my digits into me.

"My fucking GOD, this is incredible. This is better than last night. You really know how to turn me on, and the rest of the room, apparently. They are fucking loving it. Get a little more lube and add that pinky of yours to the party in your ass," Rodrigo's message read, cheekily.

I was taken aback.

Obviously, I had gone quite far. BUT, a fourth finger?! That is a lot!

Pathetically, and with one hand still focused on skewering my asshole, I reached out with my free hand and replied, "I can't."

Rodrigo wasted no time and said, "Stop it. Look at yourself. You're loving this as much as we are. Stuff four fingers in there, NOW."

Rodrigo was right. I noticed I was still subtly rolling my hips during the entire exchange and quiet moans were escaping my lips each time I rocked. Slowly, the tingle in my body, the flood of endorphins in my brain, and my fingers' unending rhythmic impalement of my asshole swayed me. 

I removed my fingers from my ass. I dropped down on my back and pulled my legs up and splayed them wide. I angled my hips and took a deep breath.

I forcefully stuffed myself again with my three fingers, the pleasure coursing through me. Then, I slowly withdrew. On the next inward thrust, I curled in my pinky (already drenched in the boiling sex liquids soaking my body) to join the other three fingers. 

I pushed all four fingers to the HILT. My back arched, this time involuntarily. And, my cock swelled even larger than before.

"Ooooh FUCK!" I moaned, trying to stay somewhat quiet.

After I regained my breath and uncrossed my eyes, I could hear the frantic sounds of repeated instant messages.

"OH."

"MY."

"FUCKING."

"GOD."

"That was so unbelievably incredible. Better than I ever imagined!"

"Holy SHIT. Your cock. Your ass. Your body! My mouth is watering. And, my cock is throbbing, Baby."

"Everyone else LOVED IT. I think this can only mean one thing," Rodrigo's messages trailed off.

Staring slack jawed at the screen, and becoming painfully/pleasurably aware of the four fingers stretching my inexperienced but now-eager asshole, I responded (one-handed), "And, what would that be?" with some idea of his intentions.

I gulped with nervousness. My ass clenched in response. I was a goner.

"..." he was typing and my heart raced. It seemed like an eternity before he replied, "Thumb."

"What?" I replied, playing dumb.

"Put your fucking thumb in your fucking ass with your other fucking fingers. I am so close to cumming, you have no idea. DO IT!" he replied with force.

My eyes bulged out of my head.

"Fuck. Me. Literally." I thought. 

Honestly, I had gotten myself into the situation. But, my conscience was for passing the buck. "I couldn't possibly do that!" thought the guy with four of his own fingers in his ass and a hard cock.

"DO IT. NOW!" Rodrigo said.

My last bit of mental strength removed, I curled my thumb against my other fingers and pushed. As the pressure on my asshole increased, I wrapped my other hand around my cock and began to slowly stroke. The pleasure stored in my nerves began to hit me in waves, slowly releasing and causing my body to shake. I pushed until my ass stretched wide and my thumb joined the 'party.'

Every one of my fingers was stuffed into my hungry asshole. I knew I wouldn't last long.

Of course, I rationalized I wasn't "fisting" myself. But, damn, had I come close.

The stretch and slow burn was driving me up the wall and the pressure on my prostate was causing my cock to dribble streams of pre-cum and twitch with my heart beat.

I couldn't take it anymore. I stroked the entire length of my rigid cock over and over again, slamming my hand down on it. At the same time, I used my body weight to lean back on my other hand and impale myself on as much of my five fingers my ass could take.

KABOOM!

My orgasm hit me and it felt like my world was ending. Rope after rope of cum shot from my cock and splattered all over my body. As I writhed around, my fingers were shoved deeper into my lubed up hole. I was speaking gibberish and unable to see straight. It was mind-blowing.

When I finally regained my composure, I stared at the screen. The viewers were absolutely blown away. Rodrigo's message filled the chat, "THAT WAS THE BEST THING I HAVE EVER SEEN! I came harder than ever!! It looked like someone enjoyed it more than I did...;) You're welcome."

I blushed as I released my death grip on my spent cock and (perhaps, reluctantly) pulled my fingers from my ass. My body was used, abused, and exhausted - all my own doing. The high I was coming down off from that orgasm wracked my body. Not only that, but my mind was a mess.

I jumped in the shower. As the warm water soothed my muscles and washed the cum from my body, I reached back and could feel how stretched my asshole was. I was embarrassed, but I felt an odd sense of excitement at my own defilement. My fingers easily found their way back inside my hole. I bit my lip and bent over, forcing my ass back on my hand.

What was I doing?! I couldn't compartmentalize further. I forced my hand away from my ass and hurriedly finished my shower.

I climbed into bed and could feel a serious blush bloom on my cheeks before drifting asleep.

There would be much more to blush about in the near future.