 I woke up the next morning on the bed in the visitor's room stark naked.

I was on my back with my legs spread just like Rodrigo had left me. A vague sense of panic and confusion coursed through my veins. I began to recall the facts as I tried to shake off the cobwebs.

The night before, Rodrigo had dropped by my parents' house. He and I ended up in the visitor's room. Rodrigo had torn my clothes off, sucked my cock, tossed my salad, and finger-fucked my tight asshole. Finally, he had placed his thick dick at the opening of my then pliable 'fuckhole.'

And, I moaned, "Yes!"

Then, Rodrigo did to my asshole that which was meant to be done. He fucked it. Rodrigo stuffed his fat cock into my hole and slammed it into me with sniper-precision; huge, powerful thrusts.

He didn't last long. But, no one could have held back pounding that hard and true. And, when his strength failed him, when he lost control during his orgasm, I took over.

I threw my ass back onto Rodrigo's surging member which shot blast after blast of hot searing cum into me; coating the insides of my stretched asshole. I had continued to ram myself full of Rodrigo over and over until I was brimming with every last drop he could give. He had to command me to stop gripping his sensitive cock with my tight hole.

When I had flipped over, he had sucked me mostly dry and then stroked the rest of my own cum out of me all over my chest and abs. Finally, he had been so kind as to bring me a few tissues for clean-up. But, had been so bold as to scoop up some of my cum and tell me to open my mouth. I did and I swallowed the cum he offered me.

At least, that was my hazy recollection.

"It was all a dream," I said to myself. For a moment, I was at ease. That is, until I glanced down and saw my body glazed with my cum.

"It must have been a very elaborate dream," I reasoned further. But, I wasn't completely convinced. I had to check between my legs. I had to know that I could brush off my worries. I reached down with my right hand.

Slowly following the contours of my ass-cheek, my fingers were in pursuit of my hole. Their aim was to clear my guilt. Instead, they ran into a wad of tissues. Guilty.

I fished the tissues from between my cheeks and examined them. They were full of dried cum and not my own. All of mine was clearly plastered across my naked torso.

I began to bargain with myself. "Okay, maybe he jammed his cock in my ass. MAYBE he even filled me with his cum. But, HE took advantage of ME! He caught me in a moment of weakness. I doubt he could coax me into something like that now," I thought, obviously 'logically.' It all made sense. Right? Sure.

I had to finish my inspection, though. Make sure everything was all right. So, I put my right hand back between my firm ass-cheeks and extended two fingers to probe the 'situation.'

As soon as my finger tips touched my well-worked hole, my cock sprang into action, thickening across my lower abs. Coincidentally, it was about that time I noted the distinct savory flavor on my tongue which was undoubtably the taste of my own cum. My cock lurched and swelled larger still.

Frustrated by my body's 'double-crossing,' I planted my right foot firm and drew my left leg across the top of the mattress. I sighed, hoping to find the floor with my left foot, escape the room, hop in the shower, and ignore all of this. After all, my parents would be awake soon. I needed to clean up.

But, as soon as I cocked my hips and was in such a spread position, instinct took over. My eyes slowly shut. My two fingers, which had been in light contact with my asshole, pressed harder into the center of my still cum-glazed opening. They popped past the initial resistance and into the boiling depths of my ass.

I shifted my right hip to the left and arched my back, pushing my rear end firmly against the invading fingers. My cock jutted away from me, rigid and pulsating. I began to roll my body, forcing my fingers deeper inside. I moaned and bit at the pillow under my head.

My eyelids fluttered open. "Oh God, what am I doing?" I lamented. I pulled my fingers from my hole. Like a dipstick in oil, my fingers had been 'dipped' in my ass and found warm cum. I was mortified and ran for the shower.

As the warm water cascaded down my naked body and the rest of Rodrigo's cum slipped down my inner thigh, I dwelled on my situation. On a loop in my head I heard, "Ass Slut? Cock Slut? Cum Slut?"

What had I become?

--

I didn't want to be in a loving relationship with Rodrigo. I didn't want to be romanced by him, either. I didn't even want to fuck him. 

More than anything, I wanted HIM to fuck ME. I wanted his cock in my ass again and again, didn't I? I wanted to be bent over and taken by him. Oh God...

Rodrigo was grooming me for that from Day 1. I let him. I enabled him and played into it. And, now, what was I going to do?! I knew what it was like. It was different. The experience was mind-blowing.

Rodrigo had fucked me! In multiple ways, he had done it. But, in one particular way, he had deflowered me and made me NEED that cock to be there. I had deeply desired to make it shoot its cum deep in my ass. I must have. Jeez, everything had happened so fast.

--

All of these thoughts and more fluttered around in my mind in the days after Rodrigo fucked me. My mind began to needle me. It had been taxed trying to rationalize all of my behavior for a long time. Now, it was staging a coup.

My mind was especially vocal during my masturbation sessions, saying "You dirty little ass slut. You want cock, you need cock, don't you?" I tried in despair to shrug off these thoughts. But, I knew the truth.

HIS cock. I needed his cock. I wanted his cock deep inside of me. I wanted to ride it and make it shoot hot boiling cum inside of me. Fill me up. Fuck me silly.

Embarrassing that Rodrigo had that hold on me? I had let it all happen! He put down the bread crumbs to follow. And, I practically sprinted down that path. 

Any time he wanted something, he could just text me with a simple, "Hey there, Damien." I would be helpless. In no time, I'd be a shivering mess with a hard cock and my ass exposed for him; a little play thing, a fuck toy.

He used me like a little slut, but I spread my legs.

--

Luckily, back to school I went for the final month before winter break. Back to a safe haven where I could deny this all. Or, so I thought.

Predictably, I couldn't control myself. I tried holding back the crazy; preventing myself from cumming until I really needed it. It was only a matter of time until BOOM I would careen off into lunacy.

CASE: The day that formal classes ended, I was invited to a huge party. Instead of partying, I thought I would 'reward' myself. I hadn't absorbed myself in a night of solo sexual pleasure in a while and I 'deserved' it.

Seeing as every one of my housemates would be out partying, I decided to play with myself leaving my bedroom door wide open (to add some risk and up the excitement). My room was right next to the front door of the house. "I'll be done playing well before my housemates get back," I figured.

I got greedy and lost track of time. Picture me, there naked on all fours on my bed, the room dimly lit. I was finger fucking my ass, moaning into my pillow, and slowly stroking my cock to keep me just at the edge of orgasm. Of course, I was euphoric. But, I was in complete view if you stood in my doorway.

All of a sudden one of my housemates Jonathan BUSTED through the front door.

Somehow, I managed to conceal myself under my bed sheets before he stumbled drunkenly into my doorway.

Jonathan had quickly become my best friend in college. We always partied together and worked out together. So, of course he was concerned that I didn't turn up at the party.

"Damien, where were you dude?" he questioned.

"Jon. Sorry. I am just too tired, man. Couldn't make it out," I returned weakly.

"You shoulda been there. Strong drinks and a hot dance floor. The girls were so hot. The bump and grind was intense," he sputtered.

As he spouted about his party exploits, I got impatient. I was so horny. Thus, I carefully reacquainted one hand with the depths of my asshole and covertly stroked my cock with the other. A heated breath escaped my lips.

"Hey, don't get so excited about my dance floor action. I expected you to enjoy the part about the ladies. But, you can have a piece of THIS next time. You'll just have to be the one grinding your ass back into me," he teased, as boys do.

"What a dick," I thought. Poor choice of words. My mind drifted.

"Ask him if he would be interested in replacing the fingers in your ass with his own hard cock, you slut," my thoughts demanded. I gulped nervously and laughed out loud at the tease, for cover. I considered my words.

Before I took a dangerous leap, Jonathan said prophetically, "All right, well, enjoy dreaming about dicks, or whatever. I am gonna pass out."

At that, he stumbled off to find his bed. He couldn't have known about my exploits. He would expect ribbing any other straight male to be a classic joke. But, his teasing was ridiculously close to the truth. I was incredibly embarrassed. But, at the same time, I felt naughty and dirty in the best way possible.

As soon as I heard Jon's bedroom door close, I ripped the covers off, slammed my fingers as deep into my ass as they would go, and furiously stroked my cock until I had an earth shattering orgasm.

I cleaned up and fell asleep in utter shock.

POINT: I was becoming my own worst enemy. Everything had escalated so quickly. And, I had never been more horny.

My mind was given a bit of a rest as the semester ended. I went home. I managed to avoid Rodrigo's clutches during the break.

None of my behavior changed for the 'better.'

Well, my watching of porn had evolved. It was definitely exacerbating the problem, though. You see, I had never acknowledged the equipment a male pornstar was packing before. I hadn't criticized his thrusting motion or rhythm in his hips as he fucked some tight bodied hot girl. Especially when anal was involved. But, I had been subject to the violent ramming of my own ass. I knew the kind of thickness and slamming action my asshole craved. So, my focus shifted.

There in my bedroom, I found myself stroking my hard cock to porn and wondering, "How amazing is the feeling of that monster cock in her? It must feel unbelievable." I felt my ass clench. All of this made me blush a harsh crimson. I was in danger.

Fortunately, for my sake, I started the new semester and was forced to stay busy with classes. Also, I got the opportune chance to reconnect with Summer who had been on a semester abroad. We had so much in common, she had so much to share, and she was so fun to be around. She helped me calm down. I was able to get my mind in order and stash some of my desires away before it was 'too late.'

Summer and I finally had a chance to date and I resigned myself to make things work with her. Here and there, cracks would appear in my facade like a 'relapse' of sending pictures of my bare ass to Rodrigo. But, overall, I avoided consuming myself with He-Whose-Cock-I-Obsessed-Over and pumped all of my energy into Summer. Things were great!

KEYWORD: Were. It took a couple of months, but my predilection to obsess over sexual perversion was putting a huge strain on my relationship with Summer. As we both had obligations and didn't live together, it was hard to find time for us. And, to be honest, it was my fault.

School stress would build and I would need intense sexual release to relieve it. I was gradually getting out of control mentally and solo-sexually. Any time I could, I was finger fucking my ass and grinding my rock hard cock into my bed moaning into the pillows.

I had reenlisted the help of the plastic spray bottle and it was well versed in the ways of plumbing the depths of my asshole again. I was shaving my pubic hair and keeping my 'fuckhole' nice and bare as well. I was insatiable.

Spring Break approached and Summer could tell I was distant. I was worried I would end up hurting her emotionally in such a way that she would never speak to me again. This scared me to death.

Of course, I never discussed my worries with her completely. But, in order to save any semblance of a chance of a future relationship, we discussed breaking up. I stupidly thought this to be a good idea. She was heart broken, but agreed. We would not be seeing each other during Spring Break. I was honestly convinced that it would help.

Fool. As Friedrich Nietzsche said, "The worst enemy you can meet will always be yourself." 

On the trip home, my mind wandered. My subconscious served up an intriguing thought "You know, maybe you do want Rodrigo," it mused. My blood surged, a cold sweat overtook me, and my cock swelled.

Fighting back, I offered, "I don't want to date him!"

"Of course not. You don't want him to to wine and dine you. You don't want him to take you out for ice cream. You want him to treat you like a slut, to fuck you silly, to fill you up with cum," my mind pressed. I could barely swallow.

Rodrigo! No man ever had such a profound effect on me. And yet, my own mind supported this solitary man.

"I mean, why do you 'practice' so much if you don't want it, slut? That ass is professional strength by now. Put it to use," my mind teased further.

My cock twitched and my ass even clenched at that thought.

My mind continued its assault saying, "You haven't talked to Rodrigo in forever. How rude. You owe him, you know. He filled you up with his dick, blasted your ass with cum, and then rocked your world with a blowjob the last time. What have you done for him lately?"

By this time, my face was seven shades of crimson.

"You have never even blown him. You'll take a cock in the ass, but not in your mouth? He's given you two blowjobs and you haven't paid him back. Hey, maybe you should," I heard in my thoughts.

I shook my head, but my blood was beginning to boil.

"You totally should! You're single. You obviously want his cock. And, you owe him!" shouted another attack in my skull.

"I do owe him, don't I?" I responded. I had started coming around to the idea. Doom.

"You really do! Suck that dick! And, get yours, too. Get him to do what you've been thinking about the last couple months!" my psyche returned.

I mulled this over, but finally a resounding "Damien. YOU. OWE. HIM." in my head put me in my place.

--

That night, I found myself pacing in the dark at my parents' house. I was home alone as my parents were away for the night - a perfect opportunity. My pulse was pounding and my hand had a death grip on the phone in my hand. My thoughts screamed, "DO IT!"

The phone backlight switched on and illuminated the visitor's room. I quickly typed a text, "Rodrigo, my girlfriend and I broke up. If you come over right now, I will suck your cock."

His response arrived immediately, "Are you serious? I'll be right over." 

I responded nervously, "Yes, hurry up please." I knew that was it. It was selfish and impulsive. But, this is what I wanted.

I blinked. Rodrigo arrived and I let him inside. He gripped my wrist to pull me into the visitor's room. In a flash of courage, my mind said, "Get. Yours."

I resisted his pull. Instead, I grabbed his wrist and pulled him to the living room at the front of the house. The living room was open, in full view of the front door and had a wide front window looking out to the street. The visitor's room was too secluded, too secret. The living room would force me to accept my desires. Every time I would enter the house from now on I would be confronted with this moment. "If you are going off the deep end, go the deepest you can," I thought.

As soon as we entered the living room, Rodrigo's eyes lit up. He glanced around and out the window to the dark street. "Here? Wow, you are a dirty slut," he said under his breath.

Before I could respond to save my pride, he pushed me in the back over the arm of the couch. I leaned back up and felt resistance behind me. Rodrigo started grinding his crotch against my ass. 

Heady breaths escaped my throat. "Ooh. Ooh," I cooed. I was intoxicated.

Rodrigo reached around and expertly whipped off my belt. He pushed my pants to the floor tossing them out of reach. I wasn't wearing underwear since I knew what was in store, most likely.

"Eager, are we?" Rodrigo teased.

For some reason, my only response was to hide my face and wiggle my rear end from side to side.

Rodrigo massaged my ass and nuzzled against me. Then, he ripped my shirt off over my head and caressed my hard body. Next, I heard the sound of his pants hitting the floor and him tossing them aside. "Yes, fuck," I heard him say as he grabbed my hips.

I felt a familiar prodding against my backside. He was pressing his cock between my ass checks. Grinding into me, I could feel his pre-cum leaving sticky trails on my skin. He attempted poking and pushing against my hole with his cock.

I was excited, but determined. I had a plan. "Wait. Stop!" I said, in between deep breaths.

He backed up. I spun around and dropped down on to my knees in front of him. I finally saw it. His cock - slightly above average length with breath-taking throbbing girth. My eyes went wide. I reached out and grasped it tightly. He twitched and moaned deeply. I stared up into his eyes.

"This time, I owe you," I said.

I glanced in a mirror on the wall. I could see myself naked, on my knees, and drooling at the sight of Rodrigo's cock. Almost defiantly, I slowly inserted his thick cock into my mouth as I stared into my own eyes in the mirror.

I was stroking and sucking and savoring the taste. It was different. He tasted and smelled manly. His musk was strong and aggressive.

I licked the head and caressed the shaft with my lips. I locked eyes with him. I pulled his dick from my mouth with the same pop he had produced while he had sucked my cock. I licked the bulging tip of his member with my hand still wrapped around the base.

He looked at me with urgency and pried my hand from his cock. He pulled me to my feet and once more he pushed me up against the arm of the couch, bending me over it. Again, his cock was between my cheeks grinding against me and I was moaning like the slut he had made me.

I licked my lips tasting his cock and pre-cum on my tongue. Impatiently, he repeatedly forced his cock against my asshole's resistance. It was painful, as much as I wanted it.

"Wait, it hurts. Please," I pleaded. I flipped back around and I was on my knees again. I buried his cock deep into my mouth over and over. I took long licks of its rigid and rock hard thickness.

Rodrigo pulled my hand away from his erection. I was flipped around and pushed against the couch one last time. A pause. Then, a cool splash of liquid was spread on my ass. I looked back and realized he had brought his own lube to speed up the 'action.' I was appreciative, but also thought it was a bit presumptuous. Honestly.

DICK! A rigid, unwavering, pre-cum soaked, dripping (in my saliva) COCK was pressed into my lubed up certified fuckhole. Oh my.

"Wh...oh JESUS," I managed to mutter before falling forward down the contours of the couch arm, grinding my face into the cushions.

Rodrigo kicked my ankles to spread my legs wider and gain a level plane on which to rail his cock forward into the dark recesses of my ass. The first thing I noticed was, "Holy shit, a cock is in my asshole, again." The second thing I noticed was that Rodrigo had real control this time.

He drilled his cock into me as he grunted, his balls slapping against my thighs. He had gained some real staying power. He was really fucking my ass for all it was worth. My hole was spasming as he delivered his cock into my stretching, searing, but glowing with pleasure insides.
