 I have to think my best, or at least most intense experience of being a man's fuck toy occurred at a bath, years ago, when the biggest hazards were curable. It was a slow night, midweek, and country mouse me, on a visit to the big city, was looking for some cock to wrap my lips around. Therefore a trip to the funkiest bath house in town seemed to be in order. 

There was hardly anyone there except the older guy who handed out the keys and towels. We got to chatting at his workstation and soon I was on my knees servicing his gigantic, and I mean it was huge, cock with my tongue and lips as well as I could. After the better part of an hour of delirious joy attempting to swallow as much of his meat as possible he pushed my head away and suggested we go to a room for some privacy, as another staff member had arrived to help with the expected late night crowd. Of course I didn't mind, at all, the other staff member enjoying watching me at work on his colleague's meat. I didn't think the recipient of my attentions was self conscious of the small audience either. It would become clear before long why he preferred to carry on our "getting to know you" in a more private setting as you will see. 

Once to our room I asked him to please sit on the edge of the cot so that I could kneel on the (probably cum encrusted) floor and continue my labour of love, trying to urge his man juice into my throat with my lips and tongue. I still hadn't experienced the sensation of a mouth full of his cock enough; maybe I never would have, when he told me he wanted to take my boy pussy with his massive member. Though I was intimidated to say the least, never having really liked real pain all that much, finally I relented and climbed onto the cot and assumed the position on all fours and virtually trembled in fear that he would rip my poor little boy cunt apart with his massive member. In truth, I was addicted to his cock by now, and wanted nothing in the universe as much as to make it and its owner happy. 

He turned out to be a wonderful gentle lover, at least in the beginning. Once he had me relaxed and pushing back trying to feel his groin slapping my ass while his whole monster was buried to the hilt, he gradually began to fuck me harder and harder in earnest. My whole body, he was bigger than me in body as well as endowment, was being lifted almost off the cot and slammed against the wall at the whim of the monster within me that he was wielding with loving force and authority. Eventually I was flat on my belly and he was plunging that whole monster all the way into me, so I could feel his pubic hair tickling my ass cheeks and then pulling almost entirely out before repeating the whole thing, over and over and over. 

Eventually I quit even lifting my ass to make an attempt to keep him in me when he would almost pull it out, knowing by now that it would momentarily be fully engaged yet again. I just luxuriated in the moment as his cock logged inches and eventually seemingly miles in and out and in and out, and harder and faster and better and better. 

At times I wished that his complete mastery of my ass would never end, and I could spend eternity as a living condom or adornment for his muscular man meat. My whole body was essentially a glove that had been custom made for his monstrous love muscle. 

Then, suddenly the tip of his cock, which seemed to own my innards by now, hit my prostate in a magical way and I immediately came myself, with neither one of us even touching my own achingly erect, but mashed into the mattress, cock. As my cum pumped out in repeated spasms, he continued his by now almost desperate conquest of the ass that he now owned, until I was laying face down in a puddle of my own cum and feeling his massive organ pulsate as it released gusher after gusher of cum deep within my by now starving hungry man pussy. 

He lay atop my back, with his softening cock still within me, for a spell and shared a quiet moment of incredible closeness while catching his breath. All I could do was gratefully and lazily reach back and caress what parts of him I could reach. 

Too soon, it seemed, he said he should probably return to his duties. Before leaving he laid a gentle kiss on my thoroughly satisfied ass. Once he got to his feet he was kind enough to allow me to kiss, lick and gently suckle his now softening cock in gratitude for the ecstasy he had been providing me for the last couple of hours and returned to deal with towels and keys.

I laid there too exhausted and satisfied to even get up to check out the late arrivals, yet too excited to sleep while the thumping bass from the blues band in the club upstairs served as background music to my memories of our magical time together. While lying there in my cum, listening to the bass, I could feel his cum drip out of my ass from time to time. I felt obliged, while reveling in the replays in my mind, to help my new friend, and lighten his workload, by using my tongue to clean up my own puddle of cum and that portion of his cum than had dripped from my man cunt. I was still almost on a strange high after sunrise when I finally got dressed and walked out into the street and into a brand new day.