 "...13...14...15," I said bucking my hips for the extra momentum needed to slam the bench press bar back into the rack support above me. I leaned up, sweat dripping down my bare chest, my pulse pounding.

I was home for the summer from college and had gotten tired of my high school physique (skinny and boney). I wanted some oomph, and I was on my way to adding ten pounds of pure muscle in my parents' garage. Every night I would attack the weights and then mix in push ups and sit-ups to tone my burgeoning muscles. *End overt humble brag*

Suddenly, my laptop made a noise. From my weight bench, I squinted at the screen. A new chat from an old high school friend, Rodrigo. Now, Rodrigo was a great guy, but it had been nearly two years since I had seen him last save for once or twice. A succinct description would be "above-average attractive brunette male."

To flesh Rodrigo out a little more with a little prose, he had strong powerful legs and always moved with grace. He was a dancer in high school and every interaction we had was pleasant.

And, oh yeah, he just so happened to be gay. I lifted up my laptop and shoved it into my lap with his message of "Hey Damien!" on the screen.

"Hey, how are you?" I started. 

"Doing well, how's life? What are you up to?" he shot back. 

I paused, "Life is good, been back from school for a while. Enjoying the summer, working out in my garage."

"Oooh, working out huh?" he chided. "I remember that body. Sounds hot." 

Besides being in sports, I had dabbled in performing arts in school and he had definitely seen me in my skivvies from time to time. I had no interest in guys, but to say I wasn't flattered would be a flat out lie.

I hadn't thought much of myself back in high school, and despite the fact that I can claim with some certainty that I'm a somewhat strapping young lad now, it was nice to be wanted. It gave my blood a bit of a surge. It was harmless, right?

Smooth as ever, I replied, "Thanks, I guess. "What are you up to?"

"Playing..." was his answer. 

"What do you mean?" I asked, clearly clueless.

Rodrigo typed for a while then sent, "Well...there's this site I like to visit. People strip naked and touch themselves and you can watch them and comment. It's really hot."

Wow. "People?" I asked.

"Guys..." he replied. "BUT, there are girls too! Check it out!"

Now, as any red-blooded American college male, I was well acquainted with porn at that point. But, I couldn't say I had frequented the website he sent me. And, I became a bit more cognizant of the fact that my laptop had a camera on it as I hovered on the link.

*CLICK*

As the site loaded, it was then I realized an overt interest that I hadn't embraced before. Amateur wholehearted sexual enjoyment put up for people to enjoy turned me on like crazy. I took a look at different girls camming and showing off their asses, tits, and soaking wet pus...

"Hello?" Rodrigo's chat popped back up. 

"Oh, hey! That site is amazing!" I said.

"I know, right. I love it. I'm so horny right now, it's amazing," he gushed.

In my short time in college, I had started to truly embrace my sexual side and his sexual talk kick started my libido. I had been working out and now those endorphins started flooding my body and encouraging me to be bad. 

"Me too, damn I have never seen this site. This is so fucking hot," I returned.

"It'd be hotter if it was you on cam..." he responded, slyly.

I did a double take at his message. I wasn't sure I had read that correctly. I asked, "Really?"

"Ya, you have a nice body, I think people would flock to watch you 'play' ;)" he returned, playfully.

A bit shocked, I said, "I don't know. I've done one on one cams before, but nothing this public..."

Rodrigo replied quickly, "People are there to have fun, and I'll guide you through and tell you what to do, Damien. Duh."

"But, you've never seen me naked, I'm a little nervous..." I said with apprehension.

"Exactly. ;) I want to see. It'll be fun. Plus, you've been working out all night, your body probably looks killer. Do it for me and I'll owe you!" he responded.

I wanted to debate, I wanted to argue, but my cock was a hard throbbing rod in my pants already and I could tell I was already leaking pre-cum. The naughtiness had my mind fluttering and I said, "Ok...but just this once!"

I created a profile, put my laptop at the end of the weight bench, and sat in view with my head out of frame. I was still shirtless with my abs rippled and some considerable flexing going on.

"Damn, I guess that body has gotten hotter since I've seen you. Shit...your abs are making me drool," Rodrigo said.

"Thanks. What do I do?! I'm so nervous" I replied. 

"Just sit there showing that body off, you want to attract a good number of viewers before you do anything too naughty...;)" he expertly advised.

Rodrigo's candor was driving me wild. I was nervous and sweating, but that seemed to add to my new found excitement. Plus, my cock hadn't relaxed and was pulsing with my heart beat (which was racing like crazy).

Before I knew it, there were almost 1000 perfect strangers in the chatroom, gawking and jeering at me; complimenting my body, asking me to do things, and expressing their excitement.

Finally, Rodrigo said "I think we have to give them a little bit of what they want. Stand up, turn around and pull your shorts down slowly. Make sure you slightly pull your underwear down too to tease a little bit of that ass."

I was shocked and embarrassed, but I felt strangely compelled to do as he said. I stood up, turned around and cocked my hips so my ass was at a good angle and pulled my shorts down slowly over my ass. I made sure to expose a bit of the ripe flesh under my underwear. I flipped back around and sat back and flexed my abs.

Waiting for me was a response by Rodrigo "They fucking loved it...and so did I. I didn't realize you had such a nice ass..."

I blushed. My heart was now pounding out of my chest and I am sure everyone watching could see my hard pulsating cock in my boxer briefs. The air in the garage was humid and my mind was racing.

Rodrigo's message flashed on screen "We have to give them what they came for, but turn around first and give me...give US that bare ass. I want to see it."

I couldn't control myself anymore. I spun around and whipped my underwear down, making sure to savor the moment when my ass was exposed to the 'world' and even remember a sense of glee seeing the messages that POURED in as I did. My cock was standing at attention.

Tangent: I wouldn't call myself "cocky" (pun intended), but I now know that my cock is well above average size (both length and girth). Though, at the time, I only knew a few mixed reactions to it. I tried to own it and had learned that by shaving downstairs it enhanced the look of my nether regions. I loved the look in fact, and it made me more confident about stripping down in front of others... *End additional overt humble brag*

I nervously turned around and sat back down, abs flexed, cock pointing proudly up and my mind on fire. I stroked my cock and the chats erupted. Comments about my body, love for my hard cock, and people begging to see my face. I teased just a little; my mouth and a big smile. 

Compliments about my smile rolled in as I began to roll the pre-cum pouring out of my cockhead down the shaft and on to my balls. I could feel by blood boiling and I stroked my cock with urgency. My body pulsed as the feeling of pleasure coursed through me.

I had become a big fan of edging; stroking myself until I was just on this side of orgasm and holding off. The adrenaline surge and fun I would have with it couldn't be beat. Anyway, as I stroked and stroked and held off my orgasm, I began to show off different parts of my body. My arms, legs, and especially my ass got time to shine.

The viewer pool had swelled and the comments were getting more and more salacious. "God, that fucking mouth, I'd cum on those lips so hard," said one. 

"That ass looks tight and tasty" said another. 

My flushed face and chest from all the new sexual comments were utterly apparent. The topic was new, but it was all for fun, I thought. 

Then, a naughty desire hit the forefront of my mind. I stared down at my twitching cock and could feel my devil horns growing inch by inch. I took one finger and pressed under the head of my cock coaxing a pronounced bead of pre-cum from the opening. Surprised by the amount that poured from me, I pulled my finger away slowly.

For a moment, I hesitated, but my thoughts screamed "FUCKING DO IT!"

I brought my finger now dripping in pre-cum to my mouth and bathed it with my tongue. I had never done it before, but MY GOD was it sweet and savory. I suddenly couldn't get enough. I pulled my hand away from my cock and just licked the palm and all 5 soaked fingers like a popsicle.

Lost in the moment, I finally snapped out of my trance with my lips coated in my own pre-cum and Rodrigo chimed in "Oh my fucking god, I came so hard...That was incredible, thank you! Your cock and body look absolutely delicious. I owe you. You should probably smooth out that 'lip gloss' you have on. ;)"

I said my goodbyes and thanks you and shut my laptop, drawing a deep breath but then whipping my tongue around my lips to savor the remnants of the fun.

I went to bed that night feeling naughty, but proud of my sexual prowess. Who wouldn't, right?

Well, the fun was only beginning...