 NOTE: Thank you all for your generous views, ratings, comments, and feedback. As a new author here, I was excited to learn you enjoyed reading my story as much as I enjoyed writing it. I appreciate the encouragement beyond measure. Without further ado, here comes Chapter Two.

*****

It had been several weeks since my first camming session with Rodrigo supervising. The next two nights he convinced me to disrobe, my same loyal following returned, and Rodrigo blew his load watching my naked body and throbbing cock on screen. I didn't think much of it. It was fun, naughty, and new.

Then, Rodrigo started texting me saying he wanted to meet up and pay me back for my performances on the site. I assured him he didn't need to do that. I had gotten my rocks off and so had he. Fair is fair.

He insisted and insisted and insisted until I relented. It was kind of fun. Playing hard to get was a nice advantage of being wanted, and I didn't have anything to lose, right?

I was in the position of power, or so I thought. He revealed that he liked what I had done so much that he wanted to give me a blowjob. I felt uneasy about the prospect. I mean, I'm straight, a blowjob from a guy? He kept saying that I could close my eyes and pretend he's a girl, or let go and feel. But, that's all he wanted and that would be it.

I gave in.

He picked me up one night from my house on the guise of a friendly hang out. He drove several blocks away and parked across the street from our old high school. As soon as he put the car in park, he had his hand in my lap trying to undo my jeans. He was going too fast and I knew what he wanted couldn't be done there. I told him as much and he drove us to a secluded park overlooking the city.

Parking his car, he told me to follow him up onto a path above the parking lot. I realize I followed along like a puppy until we reached a crest and could see the night lights and city twinkle below. He laid out a blanket and told me to sit down.

We waited a while as a few joggers and such passed through. It was a moonless night with a gentle breeze, but it was still hot as hell from the day's heat. Suddenly, it was clear we were alone and the tension was palpable. He crawled close to me and in my ear he quipped in a whisper, "So, shall I suck that big fat cock of yours?" 

I gulped and hastily said "Yes," my voice wavering nervously. I mean, he owed me, right?

Like that, Rodrigo aggressively went after the button and zipper of my jeans. He pulled them down along with my underwear, tossing them aside. My cock sprung up. Trying to play it cool, I was betrayed by my own sudden excitement. I tried to hold back a blush. 

"Why am I getting so turned on?" I thought. He stared into my eyes and I thought for a moment I had blurted my worries out loud. 

"Is that for me? We shouldn't waste it," Rodrigo joked about my stiff cock and I blushed a bright crimson. He reached his hand out slowly and grasped my hard tool and we both let out a heavy sigh. He began to stroke me and put his head up to kiss me. He pushed his tongue into my mouth, and in the spirit of exploration, I tried to return the kiss. 

I found that kissing a guy just doesn't excite me. Too light, too romantic for such rough lusty action. My silly mind counted that as an achievement towards the "This Totally Isn't Gay" Award despite my absolutely rigid cock dribbling pre-cum in the hands of a man.

I apologized that kissing wasn't working and he smirked and said, "Whatever. I'm here to suck this delicious dick dry."

The alliteration and contradiction I found myself experiencing got me thinking. But, I was soon resigned to enjoy the sensations. He licked up and down the shaft and twirled the head on his tongue before engulfing it fully with his mouth. After a few minutes of gagging on my cock, he spread my legs and crawled between them to get more comfortable.

Rodrigo gripped a fistful of cock in one hand and with the other hand pulled my shirt up to my chest.

"Mmmm, fuck me! Take your shirt off, I want to see those abs," he said trailing his fingers down my abdomen. His finger tips grazed the muscles across my stomach as he rhythmically bobbed his head up and down on my rock hard member.

As if possessed, I scrambled to obey practically ripping the shirt from my body.

I came to the stark realization that I was buck naked with my clothes strewn about, my cheeks and chest flush with arousal, my legs spread with my cock pulsating in the summer breeze, splayed out in front of a completely clothed (and incredibly proud) Rodrigo. He devoured me with his eyes.

Before I had a chance to pass out from embarrassment, I heard Rodrigo tongue, "You are so fucking hot." Then, he plunged every last inch of my cock down his throat.

I saw stars. My back arched and my hips thrusted up to meet his warm mouth engulfing me entirely.

I tried to think of a gorgeous blonde going to town on me. But, reaching out and grabbing a hand full of his hair, I knew that it was Rodrigo delivering the 'treatment.'

I pulled my hand away, but he grasped my wrist and secured my palm to the back of his head. His slurping and groaning and smacking of lips was enjoyable, but I was distracted by my worries and another looming issue. I started to get anxious that we may be caught.

Getting arrested was not my goal that night. But, thanks to Rodrigo, my goal was definitely to cum as hard as possible. I suggested he take a rest and watch me stroke my member until I got close and then plunge it deep into his mouth and swallow my cum when I do. He agreed wholeheartedly, deep throating one more time.

My cock popped from his throat with a strand of saliva connecting the tip to Rodrigo's lips. Panting and panicking with excitement, I reached out and immediately started stroking myself using the spit as lube. I felt extremely dirty and exposed being outside, with Rodrigo's hot breath bathing my cock, and his piercing gaze looking almost animalistic.

Suddenly, I was there. By that point, he had his head hovering over the pulsating crown of my dick and abruptly sunk his head on to me. My orgasm rocked me and I moaned several times trying to control my volume. He handled the torrent exploding from my cock as he pumped his head up and down lightly to match the ripples caused by the surging euphoria. 

Soon, I had calmed and he was gently licking and cleaning the remnants of my pleasure off of me as I had my head laid back staring up at the sky. He smacked his lips with delight and a smug sigh. 

In my post-orgasmic moment of clarity, I felt a pang of guilt. Naked with my cock still hard and twitching in the night air, my mind was shattered trying to make sense of it all. It was especially difficult when he put his head up finally and kissed me on the mouth and said, "Thanks." The taste of my own cock and cum danced across my lips.

Rodrigo dropped me off at home and I spent the night ruminating, and then stroking my cock to a second powerful orgasm.

I would have a lot more to think about in the coming months...