 After indulging in another long drag from a freshly-lit joint, Jason and Jacob stepped into the piping hot shower stream as they reveled in all of the highs the night had brought them. 

Jason's apartment shower wasn't huge, but it was big enough for them to stand side by side as they covered their bodies completely in hot water. 

The pot had gone straight to their heads and bodies and whatever butterflies might still be fluttering around them in this crazy new experience they were in the middle of had quickly re-cocooned and then emerged again as far more comfortable creatures of decided need. 

Jacob squirted a large glob of foamy body soap from the bottle on a nearby shelf and began to lather up Jason's frame. When he got to his cock he slowly worked the soap all over his hardness and began to slowly jack his friend off. 

Jason grabbed the same amount of soap from the bottle and began to mirror the process, as he marveled at the way all seven inches of Jacob's beast throbbed in his hands. He couldn't believe how absolutely enthralled he was at playing with an actual cock. Even now he was so taken by it. He wanted to please it and make it feel good. And it really was quite a cock. It turned him on to think that his first cock ever, was a big cock. He could hardly believe that he was suddenly in a position where he was thinking about this. 

They lightly jacked each other off as they stood incredibly close in the spray of the shower. Jacob adjusted the nozzle so that it covered both of them in a wide rain while their hands danced lazily over the small rivers of soap that slowly ran off their hard-ons. 

The water was very warm and the steam filled up the room heavily thanks to the closed door. Jason felt lightheaded and almost dizzy from how horny he was in the growing heat. The sex and the steam and the naughtiness of a freshly foraged taboo had them both breathing shallow breaths as their hands lightly glided over each other's soapy members. 

"This is crazy," Jason said, as Jacob laughed...both of them realizing the tension that was present as they played with each other's bodies. 

"Yeah, this definitely was not how I expected our night was going to go." Jacob responded. They jacked each other off softly now. It was an intimate, mutual masturbation as they stood close in this secret interlude. Jacob leaned in and kissed Jason's earlobe. 

"Tell me what part you liked the most," he said. 

Jason's body shook a little when he felt Jacob's kiss and goosebumps scattered over his skin like random data points as the hot air of his friend's question was posed against his ear. 

"I...MMmmm...I dunno...I liked...I liked how you took control. I liked the idea that a guy was telling me what to do and making do do things." Jason responded, as he felt Jacob's hands glide over his balls with the soap and back over his cock. Jacob squirted more of the foamy body wash on his palm and reapplied it to both of their hands. 

"So you've never done anything like this, right? You've never played with a guy before?" Jacob asked, still pressed against his ear as their hands ran over each other's members seductively. 

"No...it's crazy. This is all new for me. Is it new for you? Have you done anything like this?" Jason asked. Their questions were soft and sexy, and they took time between each answer as their cocks pressed together as they played. 

"Never. But, I think it works out because I think I like to be in control. When I fuck girls I like to dominate them, and I like them to be submissive for me. And I think you're submissive, aren't you?" Jacob asked. 

"Yeah, I think I am...I liked not having to think about what was going to happen next. You just made me do things. I think that's why it was so hot. Because I didn't have any control. I just had to do whatever you told me to do. I think that's the only way I could play like this...with a guy...was if I wasn't allowed to say 'no'. I think my brain wants to say 'no'." Jason reasoned. 

"Yeah, that makes sense. I also think that you have a very slutty ass, would you agree?" Jacob teased him as his hands came back to grab Jason's ass from behind. Jason laughed at the question. It was so ridiculous to have his friend talking about him having a slutty ass. And yet, he wasn't wrong. His ass, he was quickly finding, was a very slutty ass. 

"Ha! That sounds so weird when you say that out loud. It makes me feel weird but it also turns me on for some reason. It's just so fucking crazy. I never thought I'd do anything like this." Jason said, even as he felt a twitch in his ass. He was already craving that feeling again—that feeling of being filled by a big cock. 

"I mean, that was your first time being fucked by a real cock, and I'm not small...and you took it like a champ. Like, I've had girls that haven't been able to take me hard...but the harder I fucked you the more you wanted it. You REALLY liked being fucked. It was really hot." Jacob said as he felt his friend's cock pulse in his grip. 

Jason couldn't take it anymore. He turned around and put his chest against the wall and pressed his ass back towards his friend. 

"Yeah, you're right...I think you've literally turned me bisexual...I need it again." Jason said over his shoulder as his hands came down and spread his ass cheeks wide. He couldn't believe he was being so dirty. 

Jacob stepped up and used the foamy soap to spread over Jason's hole as he massaged his anus with his swollen Portabella. He lined up his large cock and slowly pushed himself inside of his friend once again as he invited the inevitable pleasure of wanted pain. 

Then they fucked slowly in the shower for the next twenty minutes—the type of fucking you do when you're memorizing the length of a thing—when your body is becoming used to the size and the feel of a new toy. 

Jason moaned into the wall. Jacob pushed in and out and in and out, making sure to take his time as he fed his cock into his friend's tightly wound depths. Jason couldn't stop his whimpering moans as pleasure spilled out of him—the sounds were involuntary and he loved that. Each new thrust rubbed against his prostate and he reeled in the feeling of being taken. There was something so mentally satisfying about knowing his ass was being used for another man's pleasure. 

"I can't believe how good this ass is," Jacob said as he pulled Jason up so that his back was against his chest as they fucked standing up together. 

Jacob kissed down his neck and his chin and then forced Jason's mouth to his as they finally kissed for the first time. This was another unexpected twist. 

Now Jason felt his friend's tongue entering his mouth just as his dick continued to enter his ass as he hungrily ate his moans up. Making out with a guy was different. It was wilder and more violent. The lips were still soft but there was also the roughness of a five o'clock shadow and something more dangerous with each new bite. Jason moaned into his friend's mouth as their tongues fenced. Jacob picked up his pace and fucked him harder, slamming him into the wall with a forceful pounding like a debt-collector against a flimsy, wooden door. 

When they finally broke their kiss Jason moaned like he never had before. This was his third time being fucked in the last hour alone, and his mind no longer attempted to bridge the gaps of sense and logic with his sexuality. All he knew was that each time Jacob's cock was pushed all the way inside of him, his entire body felt orgasmic and he wanted more of this fullness. 

"You like that cock, Jason?" Jacob said to him as he fucked him with a dominant pace—a drummer on a bass beat. 

"Yeahhh, ummmfff," Jason moaned. 

Jacob pushed him further, "Are you my cockslut?" 

"Yeah, I'm your cockslut ugh, fuck, ummfff." Jason confirmed, struggling to form words as his body was split in two by the large invader. 

"Are you gonna let me fuck this ass all summer vacation long?" He asked him again while he continued his thrusting. And Jason giggled at this even as his ass slapped loudly in the sudsy water that poured over them. He hadn't even considered the fact that their summer vacation was just beginning, and yet he immediately knew it was true. He was going to be taking his friend's cock a lot over the next few months. 

It was suddenly all he wanted. He wanted to be the best slut he could possibly be for Jacob's cock. 

He pushed back and forced the cock out of his ass and spun around to drop down to his knees. Jacob watched as he grabbed the sizable cock and instantly swallowed it into his mouth. 

He bobbed fervently up and down on the huge cock, staring into Jacob's eyes while he sucked him the entire time. He loved the way the firm ridges and veins bulged inside his mouth and he sucked on the cock as hard as he had ever sucked on anything in his life before. 

He wanted more cum in his mouth and Jacob was quick to oblige. 

"Fucccckkkkk," Jacob moaned as Jason's intense bobbing soon resulted in his third orgasm of the day. Jason felt the warm spunk explode into his mouth and he milked the cock to completion as he drank each new drop of salty cum with a slutty dedication. 

"You like swallowing my cum, you little slut?" Jacob asked as he took his cock out and rubbed it over Jason's face. 

"Yes, Daddy." Jason responded as his lips and tongue glided over the half-hard tool and enjoyed the way it felt against him as the nasty splooge deluged his features. He wanted more. He needed more. 

Jacob turned the shower off after they'd rinsed off and they quickly dried themselves before heading back into the bedroom. 

They passed the joint back and forth again to keep their high going. The room smelled equal parts of dirty sex Mary Jane. 

Jacob put a new porn video on. It was another sexy MMF threesome where the girl prompted the boys into playing with each other. 

"Lay down on your stomach," Jacob commanded and Jason immediately complied. 

Jason enjoyed the way his boner pressed into the comforter as he got into the sexiness of the porn. His latest hit of pot snaked through his body and relaxed his warmed skin even more than it already was, and that feeling was soon multiplied as he felt Jacob spread his ass cheeks and run his tongue along his used asshole. 

"Ugnnnhhh fuhhhh," he moaned into the bed as Jacob began to give him a ridiculously sexy rimjob. He loved having his ass rimmed and Jacob didn't hesitate from shoving his tongue all the way up his ass. He licked him slowly and sensually as he prepared Jason for another round of fucking. 

"Fuck that feels so good, Jacob, Mmm," Jason moaned as his eyes rolled back in his head like freedivers falling backwards off of steep sea cliffs. 

After Jacob had thoroughly tongued-fucked his friend's butt he scooted up so that he was sitting on his legs and began to tease his hole with his cock. He couldn't believe he was still hard after cumming as much as he had, but Jason's ass was a rotund bundle of scrumptious bumps, and it was just begging to be pegged again. 

Jacob slowly entered his new cock slut as the porn showed the girl forcing the boys to sixty-nine each other. 

He fucked him nice and slow and Jason purred along with each bottom-out. He loved the moment when he felt Jacob's crotch attach flushly to his cheeks like a ship ship docking into a space port. He loved knowing that he was able to take a full seven inches like a slutty little champ. There was something about being this good at this that turned him on...like he wanted to be the best hole that Jacob had ever fucked or something. He lightly bounced his buns back on his buddies thick rod with the jiggle of a seasoned club slut. 

Jacob's cock looked huge as it slid into Jason's freshly devirginized asshole. He bounced in and out with a satisfying rhythm that had them both lightly moaning along to the sexy film. 

He reached over to his side table and grabbed the lube and poured a large dollop onto the top of Jason's crack as the slimy liquid poured down his crevices and coated both Jacob's monster tool and Jason's submissive fuck-hole. 

Jason loved how loose he was becoming. He loved how smooth the cock slid into him with the increase in lubricant, how it sounded squishing into his slutty bottom. 

As the boys on the film began to fuck each other with the girl's guidance, so too did Jacob begin to bounce harder against the volleyball-like booty in front of him. 

He hammered the soft cushion of his friend's cheeks like Gallagher smashing a watermelon to bits. He didn't just want to fuck his friend...he wanted to leave his mind completely destroyed and his sexuality completely broken into pieces of modern art. Jason had used the word "bisexual" in the shower. For some strange reason that wasn't good enough for Jacob. 

He needed him to use the word "gay." He needed to turn him completely. What was the use of converting your straight friend over to cock if you left him with any doubt as to what he wanted and needed the most. 

He was building something with each thrust. He was hypnotizing his friend to love one thing and one thing only. 

And so he slowly began to work his magic once again. 

"Good boy Jason, do you like that cock I'm giving you?" Jacob asked as he fucked him with the sounds of wet, oily slaps echoing throughout the room. 

"Yes, Daddy," Jason responded, still in shock that he was using this word...it was something girls had said to him in bed before...and yet here he was, confirming who his Daddy was as he was filled up by this Moby Dick. 

"Are you a little slut for Daddy's cock, Jason?" Jacob asked. 

"Yes, I'm you're slut, Daddy. I'm your dirty cumslut. Unnff, fuck me Daddy." Jason moaned in subservience. 

"Are you gonna be Daddy's little faggot, Jason?" Jacob asked again, purposefully pounding a little harder as he said the word 'faggot.' 

Jason's mind jumped another level on the stages of enlightenment. His psyche went from once-returner to non-returner all from the presence of that word in this universe. His butt bounced back in the most slutty way he could make it bounce as he beamed at this word being used on him. Why though? 

"YES. YES. YES. MMMM. YES, DADDY!" 

"Yes, what?" Jacob prodded him on further, even as hit cattle prod zapped his prostate without any room for escape or exception to the rule. The rule needed to be established. 

"YES I'M YOUR FAGGOT, DADDY UNNFFF, FUCK MEEEEEEE." Jason moaned. 

"Good, little faggot. You take that cock so good. There are girls that wish they could take a cock as good you do, faggot." Jacob purposefully used the word now over and over again. The shame and power play here was a heavily psychological one built upon the principles of male expectation versus the desire of sexual taboo. 

Neither of them were ready to write essays about this interplay, but they scribbled shorthand in the words that came out during their kinky fuck-fest of realization and fantasies quenched. This was a high-level sexual conversion of the naughtiest order. This was being taken in the most literal sense and put into a whole new category of "Holy Fucking Fucking UUUnnfff." 

This was a boy who had never done anything with another boy, being used like the most willing whore in the menagerie. 

Jacob began to pull his cock all the way out of Jason, momentarily leaving his ass agape—searching even, before plunging back in like a lost Amazonian tribesman spearing fish from the side of a riverbed. Each new thrust of his harpoon left Jason feeling fully realized. His body melted as he felt like his ass was being roasted on a spit. 

Jason felt like he had to take a giant dump each time his new favorite toy plowed into him, forcing his anal walls ever wider apart. He'd never be this tight again, and he loved knowing that Jacob was the one who was getting the absolute tightness of his once-snug innocent buns. 

"FUCKKKKK." Jason moaned as all the implications swirled through his head. 

Each time the dick was pulled out, Jason felt incomplete, and then when it thrust back inside of him, he felt like his brain was somewhere deep in the cosmos learning about unknown dimensions or new ways to curve light. 

The boys on the porn were pounding each other now as the girl sucked on the bottom's cock. Jacob matched this fury as he bred his friend like a seasoned bull. 

"It's time for your ass to take more of my cum, faggot." Jacob said to him as he hurriedly pounded Jason's hole. 

"YES DADDDDY...CUM INSIDE ME, DADDY!" Jason moaned into the bed, just like the boy on the screen was moaning from his dual pleasures. 

"HERE IT COMES FAGGOT, TAKE MY CUM IN YOUR ASS YOU LITTLE CUMSLUT!" Jacob roared into his friend's ear as his cock Vesuviased into his aching buns—his vanilla spilling out of his ass like an overstuffed creampuff. 

"UUUNGGGG, YUH YUH YUH, FUCKKKK MEEEE UGGGHHHHHHH!" Jason moaned wildly as he felt his ass being covered in the hot cum as it dribbled out of his completely dominated hole and down his bubble butt cheeks. 

And that is the exact moment that Jason's sister Natalie burst through the door of the apartment carrying a large bag of groceries from the store. They'd completely let the time get away from them. She had been staying with him for the week as her dorm rooms at her graduate school across town were being renovated and she'd needed somewhere close by to crash. 

She gasped when she looked over to the large bed and saw her slightly younger brother clearly impaled by his best friend's cock. 

"FUCK! Natalie, I'm sorry...I forgot you said you'd be home at this time." For some reason neither of the boys moved...it was almost like they were frozen in place...completely trapped in their devious act. 

"OH. MY. GOD." She dropped the bag of groceries to the floor as a couple of food items spilled out. "Jacob Croft, are you fucking my little brother's asshole right now? How have I never known that you guys did this sort of thing?" She was absolutely aghast, but there was a huge, almost amused smile on her face. 

Jacob hadn't moved, his half-deflated cock was still completely lodged in Jason's bottom as they both watched her approach them. 

Natalie Egan was two years older than her brother. At 23, she had long been one of Jacob's personally favorite jack-off subjects. She was dark-haired with a cream-colored skin and curves that bounded out of her bare-midriff button up flannel and tiny jean shorts. 

"Well...we've never done anything like this before...it kind of just...happened." Jason responded, completely embarrassed by the scene. 

"No, no, no, no brother, don't be embarrassed, it's actually super fucking cook I think...were you guys finished or...did I walk in during the middle of it?" She asked, as her hands absent-mindedly rubbed the tops of her thighs as she licked her lips a tad. She could see some of the cum running down the outside of Jason's leg where Jacob had clearly just finished. 

"Well...we're probably done...he did just cum for like, literally the fourth time so far today so..." 

And yet, strangely...Jason felt Jacob's cock coming back to life inside of his ass. He almost moaned out loud as his sore ass reacted to the throb. 

"Fuck...are you getting hard again?" He said over his shoulder to Jacob who was staring at Natalie and the soft peak-a-boo of her breasts sticking out of her button up shirt which had two buttons already undone from the top. 

"Yeah...I think I actually am." He admitted. He smiled toothily at the girl who'd long been his childhood crush, a fact that Jason knew all too well. 

"You guys don't have to stop just because I'm back...I actually think it's really hot. Would you mind if I watched you guys fuck?" 

Jason looked back at Jacob whose cock had just throbbed inside Jason's ass at her request. He knew it would be up to him—for Jacob this was a total turn-on. 
