 Copyright 2012 Naoko Smith

For James and with grateful thanks to Fran

*

As soon as Dar Vaie walked into the hotel bar he was aware of Hanya Lein. 

The bar room was full of the pleasurable warmth of men and women sharing a beer and a good story after work, perhaps a friendly flirtation, perhaps something more heartfelt. They sat in comfortable groups, golden with laughter in the light of candles on the walls and the tables, some with plates of food, others with just a bowl of beer or wine or spirits. 

Slightly apart from a group at his table, clearly on his own, was a big-shouldered lad, blond and soft as butter, round blue eyes lifted briefly and idly to see who had come in the door. Dar Vaie could tell from the set of his shoulders and back that he was another officer; a baby Lieutenant! new commissioned and probably on his first leave away from the troop. The lad's blue eyes dipped shyly aside in the bright candlelight although Dar Vaie had not looked directly at him. Yet. 

(Sweet Angels, will you look at that now. A young sweetie of a Lieutenant with muscles still not fully hardened by the summer campaigns and winter manoeuvres, a big-shouldered lovely blushing like a virgin in an hotel bar in Iarve.) 

Dar strolled slowly to the bar. His elaborately decorated sword and dagger set swung gently from where they were slung low about his rangy hips against his thigh length brown army boots. He ran strong thin fingers through his reddish strawberry blond hair that was cropped short at the back and sides. The corner of his thin mouth on the side away from the lad quirked in a grin, his grey eyes sparkled with pleasure. His cock stirred soft as a baby bird in expectation in his breeches. 

Perfect. He was tired and on the hunt for a bit of fun and relaxation after a long demanding journey from Sietter down through Trattai and Soomara into Iarve, keeping the junior officers and the men always under his keen grey eye. He had begun the work of establishing their current encampment and he had given the four Captains all leave together the previous night precisely so he could get some rest and come out alone on the prowl tonight. He disliked picking up his bits of stuffing in front of his fellow officers and juniors, preferred to go off alone in civilian clothes and see what he could find although if he tripped over anyone worth a quick fuck while taking the juniors out for a merry night of it he never said No. 

The lad had nearly finished his bowl of beer. Dar stood with his weight relaxed back on one lean long leg in its thigh length brown leather boot, watching out of the corner of his eye a big blond lovely tilting the last few mouthfuls of beer slowly in the bottom of his bowl, lingering over them in case someone might offer to buy him the next one. Dar ordered a whisky, a good one. The fiery kiss of it always made him catch his breath and think of his beloved brother officer Tashka el Maien and snigger a salacious laugh. He bumped the whisky back, turned and gave the lad the eye. 

Oh sweetie! The blush went up the lad's cheek like the Arven River in flood in the Spring. His blue eyes looked wide back into Dar Vaie's narrowed intent grey gaze. Dar sniggered the dirty salacious laugh in his nose and swung on his heel, going for the door beside the bar which must lead into the courtyard out back -- and the stables. At the door he paused and looked back. 

The lad had not moved from his seat. He sat there with his big hands, lightly tanned from the early summer campaign, resting on the table. His blue eyes under the head of hair cropped very short in super military style had a yearning look in them but it was evident that he was not going to come and take a tossed favour off Dar Vaie. 

Damnation. He was a sweetheart. He was not going to be willing to have a quick one in the stables and melt pleasantly into the night, to be occasionally brought to mind alone in your tent when you were out on campaign and could not indulge in anyone in the troop because they were all your juniors. He was waiting for someone who would talk to him and go out about a few times, someone he could get to know before he decided on a loving long term companionship and perhaps even marriage. 

Dar Vaie swung through the back door of the bar with a regretful pout of his thin firm mouth. 

Outside it was warm and quiet, bloody ideal conditions for a quick shove against the stable doors, hot and juicy. Dar wandered mournfully to the toilets, had a pee he did not need, staring at his already excited cock in his fingers, and spent an inordinately long time washing his hands. 

There were others in the bar of course. Other eyes had lifted at his entrance, had trailed languidly over his lean hard fit body in the cotton shirt and breeches, the highly polished thigh length army boots he was wearing. Any of them would be happy to take a casual panting fuck off an handsome sex-hungry officer like himself. 

Dar Vaie went back into the bar and ordered two bowls of whatever the lad was drinking. It turned out to be bloody breakfast ale, weak as rabbit piss. The fiery kiss of the whisky was still singing in his mouth like Tashka el Maien's laughter. Dar carried the bowls over to the lad and sat down opposite him. 

"Home on leave, is it?" he said with a wide warm hungry grin. 

The lad blushed again, charmingly, as he lifted those shy blue eyes to the piercing grey eyes with the laugh sparkling in them in the lightly tanned face of the man sitting brazenly opposite him. The man was young but he already had a battle-hardened air of command. His left hand was scarred as if someone had slashed a dagger over his knuckles in the field of war. When he sat down he flicked the sword in his belt back with practised ease and a pair of gloves sat in his belt ready to be snapped in the face of anyone who might need teaching a lesson in courtesy and honour. He sat lean, strong-muscled and ready for action, his grey eyes hard and laughing on the face of a lad with a big muscular chest and thighs. 

"Um, oh, I ... am visiting my uncle and aunt," the lad stammered. "On leave from ..." 

"No no, my dear," Dar said hurriedly. "Do not be giving me your full designation now," he grinned that wide warm hungry grin, that was still saying, 'C'mon, let me fuck you, let me take you quick n' easy'. 

The blush went up in the lad's cheek and he looked aside again. In picking up his bowl of the pathetic breakfast ale, Dar Vaie brushed his fingers briefly against the lad's lightly tanned, big, still soft fingers in a kind of apology. It was how he was. He was notorious for an honourable slut, had never looked on a man for more than a quick fuck in his life. Well, apart from the el Maiens but Clair el Maien was his senior so Vaie always pretended he only admired his military skills and Tashka was a pale Angel of a killer who would snap his glove in your face as soon as look at you if he thought you might give him any cause to do it. 

"Newly commissioned?" he enquired. "Just off on leave from your first summer campaign?" 

"Oh yes," the lad said, shyly turning those blue eyes in the blushing fair cheeks his way. "I was given my commission but three months ago. Are ... are you an officer too?" 

Dar laughed. "Yes my dear," he said with that grin that lurked in the corner of his mouth promising you rare pleasure if you would let him ride you. "I am an officer too, just like you." 

The lad laughed then and said, "you are not a baby Lieutenant. Are you not a ... a Captain?" 

"No my dear," Dar said. "I am a Commander." 

"Oh you are so young for a Commander!" the lad said in surprise. "You ... you must be tip-top if you are a Commander so young." His blue eyes lifted to Dar's grey eyes with a shy admiration in them. Dar's desperate cock stirred in his breeches but he only grinned and turned the subject with some question about the set-out in the lad's troop. He enjoyed hearing the lad's hesitant account of what he rapidly realised was the troop of a tip-top set of officers in itself. The lad went on a bit about his Captain, for whom he had got that kind of crushing adoration which baby Lieutenants will go and have on you if you allow them, although be fair, the man sounded like a supreme officer of the kind Vaie looked out for to pinch off the other troops and rely on in his own command. After a while, he said in a curiously hesitant voice: "My dear, if ... if I take a room for you, will you come?" The blush went suddenly hot up in his own cheek to his annoyance. He had always blushed easy. He muttered, "it will just be for a night, you understand." 

The lad looked into his patchily blushing lean face, the intense hungry longing in his hard grey eyes, the thin mouth that had become unexpectedly soft in the hopes of a kiss. Dar Vaie slid an hand under the table and gripped it above the lad's knee, in the big muscles of the leg under the table. The lad gave a gasp and his leg opened out under the firm controlled pressure of Dar's thin scarred fingers as if to invite Dar's hand to come on up. 

"Yes," he said. "I will come." 

---

Dar Vaie was on him before the door was barely closed, dragging his shirt out his breeches, gripping strong fingers on the lad's muscular broad chest. He pressed his mouth to the back of the lad's neck, kissing it, gripping with one hand on the still soft muscles that the lad had begun developing in his three months with the military. The scarred fingers of his other hand went caressing up to the lad's nipple which he pinched gently, feeling it harden to his touch. 

The lad was moaning with arousal, softening back in Dar's strong arms, against his hard chest, helpless with desire now in his capable hands. Dar was pulling the buckle of his sword-belt -- he was inexperienced enough that he would allow someone-else to take his weapons off him, Dar held the weapons and belt in one hand, shovelling the lad forward on stumbling feet, tugging at the buttons of his breeches. Considerately he slung the lad's weaponry over the footboard of the bed, he pulled the buckle from his own belt while he shoved the lad down on the bed and slung his weaponry over the lad's; the swords and daggers were all entangled, if anyone sprang in to attack them they would be pushed to identify whose was which sword when they went to the defence but Dar was beyond caring about that. 

Damnation, the lad was turning, he was going to have to lie in his arms and look in his lovely face. Dar could not bear to push this butter blond sweetheart about and make him take his favour without a kiss, the lad had compromised enough to give Dar Vaie this for sweet Hell's sake. Angels of Heaven, that big body turning to take him in the soft muscled arms. He dragged his own breeches undone and fished a condom hurriedly out of his pocket. To his embarrassment his fumbling fingers pulled five or six of them tumbling over the floor -- but the lad knew he was a slut and he had not even looked to see what it was Dar had dropped. His arms were coming up around Dar, his head lifting, his soft red mouth pouting up. Dar gave a kind of moan and fell into his kiss. 

So long, so sweet, so tender, that first kiss with Hanya Lein -- before he even knew his name. The lad was holding his lean hard body gently, his lips pressing softly, warmly to the thin firm mouth of the commanding officer. Dar felt himself melting into that tender embrace of mouths, his lips parted, he moved his tongue, the lad's mouth opened so willingly, he pressed his tongue deep into the warmth of the kiss, caressing and pressing, caressing and pressing. 

A big hand had come stroking down his long back and had gripped on his hard-muscled buttock. Dar grunted and moaned in the kiss, pulled away, driven to distraction by the squeezing of fingers on his buttock. There was a small voice in his head trying to warn him: 'Vaie, you are going in too deep! You will lose your head -- if you are lucky', but he did not give a copper coin's curse. The urgent need was driving up through him, driving the blood out of his brain to his loins. With trembling fingers he took his rigid hard cock and deftly he unrolled the condom onto it. 

The lad was still caressing his whipcord hard lean body with one big gentle hand and squeezing his buttock with the other. He lay with his broad body soft and relaxed back in passivity, only half undressed over the bed, his wide eyes lifted to Dar's piercing hungry stare. 

Dar wrapped one lean long arm around his back. Through the thin cotton of their shirts, the lad felt the hard strength of his battle-hardened arm muscles and quivered in arousal, his hands shook on Dar's body. Dar had found some bowl of lubricant by the bedside and smeared some on one finger, he pressed it gently about the sensitive rim of the lad's hole and saw his head go back with a moan, his broad shoulders relax down. His hips spread in the breeches only pulled down to the tops of his knee high boots. Dar knew he ought of courtesy to give the lad a bit more playful pleasure but he could not keep out of him longer, his lust was a craving need, an irresistible driving force, he lifted his turgid rock-hard cock and slid into the lad with a firm long thrust. 

Oh! the lad moaned and gripped him close, his big hips lifted up towards that thrusting cock and Dar's lean hips. Dar was staring intently at the head tipped back while he thrust with quickening force into the soft muscular body laid wide open and willing to him, he was grunting with lust then sweet Heaven, the lad's head came up, there were the wide blue eyes under the so closely cropped blond hair, Dar gave a gasp and pressed his mouth to the warm sweet mouth, thrusting his burgeoning cock, thrusting into the lad's open body, the lad was gripping him and lifting up to his thrusting cock, moaning in their kiss. Dar was grunting into that sweet kiss, quickly, quickly he was cumming in a flood of exhilarated passion, he could feel the lad shaking with his own orgasm, the lad's sperm was spurting in sticky jerks between their stomachs, into their shirts. Dar cried out, jerked his head to the side away from the lad's eyes, pressed his head hard into the lad's neck and lay still with his head pressed into the lad's muscular neck, his grey eyes shut while the lad lay staring with that wide blue limpid gaze up at the ceiling above. 

When Dar woke in the night they were still tangled in each other's arms, as intimately intricately enlaced about each other as their weapons hanging on the foot of the bed. Dar lay in a kind of numb stupor, close against the soft warm body, staring at the lad's sleeping young face turned to him in the cold white moonlight that was falling across the bed. They had neglected to draw the curtains over the window. 

They had neglected to take any of their clothes off. They had even still got their boots on, Dar was just lying with his unbuttoned breeches sufficiently pulled down to free his penis and allow it to go diving straight into the lad's welcoming back passage. 

His flaccid cock stirred at the memory. 

The lad's eyes drifted open and stared into the hard grey eyes looking into his face in the moonlight. He smiled. Softly. 

Dar lifted his head for a kiss, the lad lifted an hand to put about the back of Dar's head. Their mouths pressed. The tip of the lad's tongue came hesitantly poking into Dar's mouth, Dar made his own tongue gentler, to caress that hesitant tongue as it came into his mouth. 

They sat up and began wordlessly to undress. Dar struggled with his thigh length army boots and the lad leapt to it like a good Lieutenant to jerk them from his feet but his hands fumbled and slipped on the heel of one boot. Dar laughed and said in an husky and unusually soft voice, "Your Captain will have you for it if you are so clumsy pulling his boots off." 

"The Captain never makes us pull his boots off," the lad answered. 

Dar was surprised to hear this but it was not his business and he did not want to lead the lad on to confide what troop it was he served in, which might mean the lad expected them to correspond or something. He just gave the lad's very close-cropped head a long slow caress, feeling the velvet stubble under his hand. He grinned as he did it. The lad would have been better off with just a short back and sides like Dar had, Dar knew without asking that that adored Captain of his had cropped hair and the baby Lieutenant had copied his hair style. 

With his boots off, he stood up to shuck his breeches off his lean narrow hips, letting them fall in a heap with his shirt on the floor. The lad was sitting naked on the bed now, his big lovely muscular shoulders hunched shyly. He was looking at the floor, not daring to check out Dar's long thin hardening cock although only a couple of hours before it had been sunk deep in his backside, thrusting him into orgasm. 

Dar knelt down and put his hands on the lad's big soft-muscled thighs, pushing them open to his gaze. Since they were here for the night, not going their separate ways after a quick fuck in the stables, he determined to give the lad some slow pleasure. He did not think his was the first favour the lad had picked up -- highly unlikely, a big beauty like this one, but he suspected there had not been many lovers and those had probably been equally inexperienced fumbling young cubs. 

He saw between his lean long fingers on the soft muscular thighs a big thick cock with a blue vein on the underside, thickening and hardening even as he watched. The balls in their wrinkled darker skin hung soft and heavy under his gaze. Dar reached out and caressed them, curling gentle fingers around one to make the lad gasp and sigh and catch his wide lip in his teeth. With one finger, still cupping his hand around the soft-skinned bollock, he delicately caressed the erogenous area between balls and hole. The lad moaned, his cock was rising: big and turgid, Dar's eyes glistened with pleasure to see him so well hung. His finger came skimming the rim of the lad's hole, back between hole and balls; he stooped his head and took the lad's big cock in his mouth. Caressing him with one hand, gripping the muscles of his thigh with the other, he sucked at the turgid hard cock. He ran his tongue down to the base of it, lacing patterns around the thick vein with the tip of his tongue, thrusting his suckling mouth about the hard throbbing head of the stiff column. 

The lad sat rigid with ecstasy, helpless in his hands and mouth, moaning and grunting and spreading his big muscular thighs out to expose his cock and balls and hole even more openly for Dar Vaie to play with. Dar sucked on him harder, feeling his big thigh muscles tense and his hips thrust up then he was cumming in spurts that hit the back of Dar's throat with salacious cream, cumming with jerking hips and little screams of pleasure. Dar gagged momentarily on the spurt of cream unexpectedly hitting his throat, curling his tongue up as he continued to suck, to direct the next few spurts into his mouth, grinning as he savoured the salty sperm coming into his mouth. 

Dar let the softening penis go from his mouth, knelt up and rolled the lad over in the bed, quickly and efficiently rolling a fresh condom onto his own hard penis, pushing his knees between the lad's relaxed knees, lubricating his arse again with a gentle thrust of a finger that got a jerk out of the post-orgasmic soft relaxed body beneath him. He thrust in as gently and as deep as he could manage, successfully rousing the lad to renewed pleasure in spite of his spent condition. He lay on the lad's broad back, thrusting deep and gentle, deep and gentle into him, until he came with gritted teeth and a last long push to that butter blond body, hearing the lad moaning and when he passed a gentle hand over the lad's face it came away wet with tears of exhausted joy. 
