 NOTE: Life gets in the way sometimes, but here is the next chapter. This one is almost 11,000 words. Strap in and thank you all for reading!

*****

My best friend Jonathan had just caught me slamming myself full with a monster dildo. I had just had one of the most intense orgasms of my life. I was still panting from my brutal self-inflicted ass-fucking. And, butt naked on the bathroom floor, I was helpless.

"Go fuck yourself! Get out!" was all I could manage to blurt.

"From all the noise you were making in here, I thought you needed help. You nearly pulled the door off its hinges. Looks like you have yourself all taken care of," Jonathan winked.

"Close the door!" I said. I clambered toward Jonathan on wobbly legs. I pushed him out and shut myself in the bathroom. I could see myself in the mirror and knew I looked like the absolute biggest ass slut. My own cum was dripping down my body and my hips were cocked at an angle that said, "fuck me hard!"

One side of me was mortified. The other was excited and encouraged. I traced my fingers along my bare skin and shivered, arching my back.

I was snapped back to reality by Jonathan on the other side of the door who said, "you better get your ASS in the shower before the rest of the house gets back!"

Shocked into action, I jumped into the shower and rushed through my shower. I washed away any evidence. I even quickly plunged two fingers into my pliable asshole (causing a shameful moan, and a wealth of goosebumps).

Leaping out of the shower, I furiously dried off. Then, I snatched the dildo off the floor and cleaned up the pool of my cum with my towel. Lastly, I quickly washed the dildo in the sink, whipped my dirty towel over my shoulder, and dashed for the door.

I tiptoed my way to my room, nervous that people were home. I took a deep relieved breath when I reached my door unscathed. That wasn't going to last.

I opened the door. FLASH. I was blinded. Jonathan was standing in my room with his Polaroid camera he would use at house parties from time to time. BZZZ. The photo was ejected. Jonathan held it up.

As it developed, I could see my shocked face, the cum soaked towel, the gigantic dildo in one of my hands, and my cock (clearly semi-erect).

I glanced down to see that my cock was indeed swelling.

"What the fuck, dude?" I said, lurching forward.

Jonathan pulled the Polaroid out of reach and ran for the door. I tried to catch him but was out of luck. He whipped around and teased me.

"Relax, no one is home yet. And, THIS is just a little insurance. I couldn't resist," he said waving the photo.

Furious, I made the move for the door. Suddenly, we could hear the sound of a key being inserted into the front doorknob. Jonathan backed into the entryway as I swiped at him. The front door opened and I hurried back to safety. I slammed my bedroom door and locked it.

"Hey, Jon, you're back early. What was that about?" said one of my housemates (who I'll call Kris) on the other side of the door. Kris clearly heard me slam it in a tizzy. Ugh.

"Oh, just Damien. He's a little BUTTHURT that Summer broke up with him. But, I think he's found something to fill the void," Jonathan loudly spouted.

His wordplay was not lost on me. Dick.

I fumed. I had been caught. Exposed! And, Jonathan had evidence! I was doomed. I hung up my towel, stashed the dildo, and dove under the covers hoping to disappear.

—

For the next week, I avoided Jonathan like the plague. No lunches. No regular workouts. No texts. No hangouts. No parties. No nothing.

Of course, it was tough as we lived in the same house. But, when I would see him, I would make a break for the solitude of my room. I hoped this would do the trick for the rest of the semester.

Unfortunately, as we had just returned from Spring Break, a couple of months of the school year remained. My tactic of avoidance was bound to fail. Plus, I wasn't exactly avoiding 'high-risk behaviors.'

Just two weeks after being caught, I was back at it. I was desperately horny, naked, stroking my cock in my bed under the sheets, and prodding the big fat dildo against my lubed up asshole. My chest was heaving.

It was so hot.

In my head was the memory of being caught red-handed (or with a huge mock-cock balls deep in my ass). It was mortifying. And yet, it drove me wild how dirty I felt. The taboo of it all made my cock rock hard. I knew I had cum harder than ever slamming my fuckhole full with a big rubber dick.

Such a slut.

So, again, there I was two weeks after 'The Incident.' I was in my room, teasing myself mercilessly. I knew what I had to do. I was desperate for a mind shattering orgasm. I needed to press every last inch of that toy back into my ass and surrender to its pleasure.

I started slowly.

I pressed just the head of the dildo into my asshole. I paused. I tugged it back out. Then, back in as I stroked myself gently. I could feel every bit of my energy being channeled to the depths of my ass. A fire was starting to spread deep inside of me.

Methodically, I pumped just the tip of the monster toy past my opening. Again and again it stretched me until any discomfort passed. The discomfort was replaced with a feeling of increasing pleasure that would crash in waves the deeper the toy plumbed my depths. I whimpered as I personally ingrained in myself a sensation without which I would no longer be able to function.

I worked the toy deeper and deeper, continually applying more lube. When I finally couldn't wait any longer for the full length, I hovered my ass over it. I was ready to plunge it deep in a slow and focused manner. Then, I heard two knocks.

Without so much as a pause, Jonathan BARGED through the door.

I had forgotten to turn the lock! I had no time to prepare. It scared me half to death. I dropped myself to the mattress.

The dildo broke my fall.

Every last realistic bit of that 9-inch long 3-inch wide monster was drilled into me. It stretched me wide open. I almost passed out.

I wasn't as ready as I thought.

Jonathan stumbled over and crashed down on the mattress. He was drunk. I struggled to contain my emotions, but generally kept it together.

"Sorry about walking in on you in the bathroom. I feel like such a dick," Jonathan said, genuinely guilty.

"Don't worry about it," I said considerably strained.

"I mean it, man. It was uncalled for. I even deleted that picture I took," he said with wobbly intonation.

The pressure was building. The toy had definitely hit a number of buttons inside of me. I was barely able to suppress the moans begging to get out. What I definitely couldn't suppress was a slow rhythmic rolling of my hips that started to propagate.

"Ohhh...thank you...uf...I really appreciate that. Would you please go to bed? I'm trying to...mmf...sleep," I barely managed to utter.

"Can I make it up to you? I'll buy you beer...or or or lube...or something?" Jonathan stammered.

"Nnng. You sound ridiculous. Ah. Get out please!" I said in desperation.

"Where is it?" he asked, getting to his feet.

I didn't understand.

He staggered to and fro until his eyes settled on the gift box on its shelf. He snatched at it, knocking it to the floor. The lid popped off and the contents spilled out. Of course, the massive toy was conspicuously missing.

He looked to me confused. Still lightly gyrating my hips, I was lost in euphoria. I am sure he could see my face turn 12 shades of crimson. I was never a good Poker player.

"Oh, I see. Is someone having a little me-time?" he sassily asked.

"NoOoOooo," I replied. I couldn't stop bucking my hips. Seriously, who was I kidding?

Jonathan approached the bed. I grabbed the base of the dildo still pressed into me and scooted myself up on the bed nervously. This only served to jam the toy into me once I came to rest.

"Oh God!" I let slip from my mouth.

"Yeah? You love that don't you?" Jonathan asked hypothetically.

With earnest, I bit my lip. I tried to force myself to shake my head emphatically "NO." But, all I could force was the huge toy deeper inside of me. I blushed so hard, my cheeks felt like they were burning.

I nodded and whimpered helplessly confirming my love for the stretching and filling of my asshole (as if it wasn't obvious).

Jonathan crept closer to the bed. He curled his fingers around the edge of the covers. Reflexively, I scooted further back, sitting upright for 'protection.' (Un)fortunately, this caused the entire length of the dildo to be buried up inside of me.

"Oooh, fuck ME," I gutturally moaned. I shifted back and forth. I was lost to the feeling.

In one swift pull, Jonathan yanked the comforter and top sheet off of me exposing my shame.

"It seems like you already have that taken care of..." he cheekily observed.

"Dick!" I slurred sloppily.

There I sat against the wall, a huge dildo penetrating me through and through. I was obviously completely naked with one of my hands wrapped around my pulsating hard cock. I was even still lightly stroking myself.

I snapped out of my spell.

I pulled my hand away from my cock and swiped for Jonathan. As my body chased the movement, I reached behind me and pressed the dildo into me to keep it in place.

I fell flat.

Laying there with the dildo held into me, my legs spread to either side, and my hard cock pressed under me against the mattress was surprisingly hot. Especially because Jonathan brought himself closer. He put his crotch in my face. Clearly, he was on a whole new level of drunk judging by the boldness he was exhibiting.

"You like that?" he asked. I have to admit, the outline in his pants was impressive. He pressed 'something' surprisingly hard and large against my face.

"Uh huh," I said writhing my face on his bulge, unable to control myself.

Jonathan grabbed onto my hand holding the dildo in place and pulled. The toy was withdrawn from it's resting place until just the tip was inside of my ass. He drunkenly asked, "No, I mean, do you like this?"

His brazen act kicked my heart rate into high gear. I was panting. I grunted, "Yes."

Then, he slammed the dildo back into my asshole.

I screamed into the mattress. My cock swelled and exploded cum against the bedding and my stomach. My legs twitched, and I convulsed moaning "YES, yes! Oh fuck yes!"

By the time I recovered, Jonathan was gone and the door was closed and locked behind him.

What had just happened?

—-

For another couple weeks, Jonathan and I avoided each other like the plague. I couldn't even make eye contact with him. I was so ashamed.

On one side, I wasn't hurting anyone. I was enjoying myself. It all felt so fresh and naughty. I couldn't help but indulge in this slutty taboo alter ego.

On the other side, it was incredibly out of carefully constructed character. I was straight. I was a ladies' man. Right? Sure.

Except, I was no longer that guy. I had broken Summer's heart by not persevering through Spring Break. I was constantly distracted by memories of Rodrigo coaxing me back onto his cock. I couldn't stop 'training' my insatiable asshole for more with the huge toy he had gifted me. I wouldn't stop texting him pathetic cries for attention to offset my guilt (to which he never responded). And now, I had exposed myself twice to my best friend and showed him exactly who I was the second time.

I was now a needy little anal slut whose ass needed to be regularly pounded full in order to quench a thirst for mind-blowing orgasms.

I still couldn't swallow that load. (Har har.)

But, I wouldn't be able to avoid Jonathan forever. After the final round of midterms, I had plans for a weekend cabin trip to unwind before buckling down for finals. I would be going up with a group of friends (including Jon).

I had to do something.

That weekend approached quickly. I hastily decided to confront Jonathan and tell him I was not going to attend. We were leaving on a Friday. I wisely waited until that Thursday to make my move.

"I'm not going," I said.

I had barged into his room late at night to deliver the message. He was in bed this time. He bolted upright.

"What the f-" he attempted.

"I'm not going," I returned and made a move for the door.

"Hey, wait, I want to apologize," Jonathan said back gently.

I stopped in my tracks.

"I am so sorry for busting into the bathroom a while back. And, I heard from Kris I just walked right into your room two weeks ago. I have been really messed up about us not talking and I drank too much. I was black out drunk. I only remember bits and pieces of that night," he rambled.

"Um, apology accepted," I said, relieved.

"Please come to the cabin. I am sorry I have been an ass. I just want us to hang and get back to normal," he said.

"OK, but you're driving," was all I could manage.

The next day, I finished my midterm early, packed up, and climbed into Jonathan's truck. We set off for the cabin, but we barely talked during the three hour trip. I mostly listened to music. I still couldn't shake my feeling of awkwardness around Jonathan. I noticed he looked a tad hurt.

But, the trip was definitely going to be fun. We had packed booze and fishing rods. And, three of our dude friends would be there as well. It would be a relaxed enjoyable weekend.

When we got to the cabin, we unpacked the stuff, cracked open a couple of beers, and sat on the patio overlooking the lake below. It was nice. I decided to break the ice.

"Cheers, thanks for driving, Jon," I said raising my beer can.

"Cheers, my pleasure. Just glad you actually decided to come. I was worried you hated me," he said.

"Hated you? No. It's just...after the bathroom incident, I was so embarrassed. I couldn't make eye contact with you let alone face you," I opened up.

He sat there silent, but I could tell he still felt bad. He put his beer down on the deck and ran his hands through his hair. He opened his mouth to speak, but I cut him off.

"And, look, I'm sorry. You weren't being the ass for trying to make things right, I was. I was an ass for avoiding you and not talking to you sooner," I said.

I could sense he was racking his brain on how to respond.

"To be fair, you were kind of a dick for walking in on me in the bathroom," I joked.

Jonathan clearly resented that comment, but I calmed his worries.

"But, if I was in your position and heard strange noises coming from the bathroom, I would have come running to help too," I said.

Jonathan chuckled and relaxed. He smiled at me. I could feel an excitement building in my stomach. I averted my eyes from his.

"I didn't need help. Believe me. Well, sometimes help is nice, but you were a little late that time..." I said cheekily.

I blushed and I could sense Jonathan caught the meaning of my bold comment. Before he could respond, his phone rang. The loud ringtone broke the mountain silence and both of us jumped. Jonathan knocked his beer over.

"Oh shit," Jonathan uttered.

"Go answer that. I'll clean up the beer and we'll call us even," I said.

He nodded and stepped inside. I grabbed some paper towels and some wood cleaner and scrubbed the beer off quickly. I popped inside and grabbed more paper towels to dry up the rest.

I was there on all fours facing away from the patio door when I heard Jonathan clear his throat. I sopped up a bit more of the liquid. Then, I looked over my left shoulder at Jon.

"Bringing back memories there Damien," he joked.

"Dick!" I said throwing the towels at him.

He dodged them and said, "Kidding! Relax, relax. Um, bad news or good news first?"

"Good news?" I hesitantly answered.

"I brought a bunch of carne asada and I'm gonna grill it up!" he said cheerily.

"Sweet. What's the bad news?" I asked.

"Unfortunately, the rest of the dudes can't make it. Major car trouble. They're safe. But, they are just gonna stay back at campus," he said.

"Oh? Bummer. But, hey, more carne asada for us!" I said making light of the situation.

"Damn straight," he said. I stood up. He cracked opened two new beers and handed me one. As we knocked our beers together, I couldn't help but feel nervous. I chugged most of the frothy liquid to chill out.

An hour later, Jonathan and I were sat on the patio watching the sun drop toward the horizon, sipping our beers here and there. Light music drifted out the door and we both were pleasantly full after our carne asada feast.

We got serious for a second.

"Hey, I really am sorry to hear that you and Summer broke up. I know you care about her a lot," Jon said softly.

"Thanks, man. It's tough. But...things got in the way," I replied.

"I know you don't need advice, but reach out to her sometime. She definitely cares for you," he said.

"Maybe I will," I said, wasting no time in whipping out my phone and firing off a text to her.

"Hi Summer. I hope you are doing really well. I know how much you love lake trips, so I hope you enjoy this pic," I typed as smooth as asphalt. 

I snapped a photo of myself, Jon, the patio, and the sun dancing off the lake. I hesitated. Then, I sent it.

"On second thought," Jon prefaced,"if she has seen anything like I what saw in the bathroom, don't send it. Who needs that kind of competition?"

I finished my beer and tossed the can in his general direction. He dodged it, laughing. I was embarrassed, but it was funny.

I felt funny, myself. Even after several beers, I became aware of a thirst inside of me which made me squirm in my deck chair. My mind wandered. I was getting hopelessly horny. My cock swelled in my board shorts I had thrown on for lakeside wear and my thoughts began to betray me. Jonathan's teasing egged them on.

"See? Even if your friend forgot about walking in on you in your room, he still remembers you with that big fat toy deep in your hungry asshole with cum splattered all over you. He probably even saw the complete sense of satisfaction in your eyes," the voice in my head said.

I squirmed more, which caused my (now always) bare asshole to grind against the chair. My cock jumped. I gasped.

"You okay?" Jonathan asked. I turned to find him staring straight at me. His steely gaze pierced my defenses.

"How long has he been looking at you like that? No doubt he knows what an utter slut you are. It's obvious, it's written on your face," my thoughts echoed.

My blush spread across my cheeks. I reflexively put my hands over my lap. I covered.

"Yeah, just antsy. Going to take a dip in the lake really quick," I said in short order.

I hastily stood, whipping off my shirt. My erection pointed straight out. My heart pounded in my chest. I almost died of shock. Quickly, I made my way to the stairs and bounded down them toward the water front.

"You want company?" Jonathan asked.

"Nah, just taking a quick dip to cool off," I said convincingly.

I made it to the dock some 100 yards away. I ran down the planks and jumped in without pause. The water was cool but refreshing. I had to force my furious hard-on to calm down. Eventually, it obeyed and I felt back in control.

After about 10 minutes, I climbed out and made my way back to the cabin. When I got back I found a note from Jonathan that read, "Ran to town for a few extra things. Be back in a while."

I checked my phone.

To my surprise, Summer had responded. "I am doing great, thank you. Jealous of your lake trip. Couple of cute boys, beers, carne asada, and a view like that is a dream. Oh, maybe add skinny dipping too," she flirted. She sent a picture of herself, showing off her gorgeous features in a bikini at the campus swimming pool.

My cock stirred again, but I was a little too eager.

"Too bad you went and screwed things up over Spring Break, Damien. Your loss. Being at the pool reminds me of our date here. You were dumbstruck 90% of the time. It was cute. You really made me feel exceptional," she texted, being slightly heartfelt but mostly guilting me.
