 Jason and Jacob were drunk. 

And high. 

They were drunk and high and plopped down in front of the TV like they had been a hundred times before. 

College break had just begun and with finals finally over they were able to let loose and enjoy themselves. 

Both boys were in shape and played various co-ed sports on campus. Jason was a runner and Jacob spent a lot of time on climbing at the college gym. 

When they had time, they both did well with the ladies. Both we're around six feet and were generally successful as far as the dating world was concerned. 

As it currently stood, they were both single, with Jacob the serial one night-stander and Jason recently out of a particularly clingy relationship. 

Jacob had arrived at Jason's apartment earlier in the night with a 12 pack of beer and some pre-rolled joints that were sure to release all of the pent up stress of the last quarter. 

The first few hours had been spent drinking and shooting the shit. They'd played some video games, took in a game, and generally gave each other shit about just about everything they could. These best friends had known each other for a long time and there was nothing that was off limits as far as the teasing could go. 

Halfway through the night they had attempted to meet up with some girls but unfortunately those flirtations had all come up empty. 

The joints came out around 10:00 PM and they quickly sank into a pile in front of the couch as they passed the joint back and forth laughing about absolutely nothing. 

The weed was definitely the strongest strain they had tried and their eyes quickly glazed over as they channel surfed and came up empty. 

"Dude, let's watch some porn, I'm fuckin' horny." Jason said, as he turned the TV over to the internet function. 

"Fucking great idea, man." Jacob said as he took another swig of his beer. The TV was in front of the bed across the room on the wall, and both boys sat up against the bottom of the bed, which was low to the ground. The carpet was a thicker, newer carpet and they spent most of their nights either talking or playing video games from this very spot. 

Jason scrolled through some porn movies and randomly picked a movie featuring two guys fucking a girl. Jacob cocked an eyebrow at his friend as he did this but quickly let it go (he too loved the MFM category on Pornhub). 

Both boys were just wearing boxer briefs and t-shirts after shucking their jeans much earlier in the evening. 

As the movie went on they both made hilarious observations about the porn star...and about the guys. 

They eventually got the sexy young starlet on her knees as she took turns taking each cock into her mouth. 

Both guys could feel themselves starting to get hard as they watched, which was awkward but the pot was lowering the inhibitions of the room a little. 

Jason looked over at his friend and could see the straining bulge in his boxers. 

"What's your favorite sex position?" He asked, smiling at his long-time friend as they both got more into the mood of the moment. 

Jacob was lightly stroking the outside of his boxer briefs as he watched the porn and thought of the question, "hmm...I like that...I like that right there!" He said, as he motioned to the screen. 

Jason looked to the screen and saw the girl bent over on the bed with her ass arched up into the air as she was slowly entered from behind by one of the guys. 

"Yeah...that's definitely my favorite too." Jason slipped his hand into his boxers as felt his hardening cock. 

"I just really like how submissive she is," Jacob continued as he motioned towards the screen. "My ex used to love that position, she'd say the sluttiest thing to me while I fucked her, I loved it." Jacob said, as he noticed his friend playing with his cock in his boxers. 

"Dude, I think there's a small chance that pot might've been laced with something because I am so damn horny right now!" Jason said, " I could literally just talk to you about sex right now for hours and get so turned on by it!" 

Jacob look relieved and laughed as he clapped his friend's thigh. "Dude! Yes!" he laughed again. "Okay...let's keep talking about this, I'm super turned on too. This isn't weird is it?" 

"No no man, not weird at all, just friends that are talking about sex, that's not weird," trying to make sense of it as he went. 

"Okay cool, but just in case, let's take another big hit." They each passed the joint back and forth and then settled in as the porn continued to play in the foreground. 

"Okay, my turn to ask a question," Jacob said as he turned towards his friend, "what is the kinkiest thing you have ever done?" He immediately laughed out loud, knowing how personal the answer might be. Jacob considered himself pretty kinky and he wondered if his friend might be the same. Jason had always seemed more vanilla to him based on the girl-next-door type that he tended to date. 

"Hmmm, alright you can't judge me," Jason said as he turned bright red. 

"Promise, no judgments, nothing we say or do leaves this room." Jacob said. 

Jason was surprised at the "or do" part of that sentence but shrugged it off. 

"My kinkiest experience was probably with Lacey, that girl I dated a couple semesters ago," he started. 

"Oh yeah, she was that raven-haired girl with the tattoo sleeves, right?" 

"Yeah...she was pretty kinky...a couple months into our sexcapades she started playing with my asshole while she jacked me off or gave me blowjobs. The first time she did it I freaked out but she was so persuasive I ended up eventually cumming down her throat while she fingered me." Jason was completely red as he finished and he downed half a beer right there and then. 

"Damn dude! That's pretty hot. I always wondered what she was like in bed...she seemed like she might've had a...creative side," Jacob mused, his cock straining against his briefs. 

Just then they heard a moan coming from the TV and looked over to see that the threesome had changed positions, and now the girl was being eaten out while the guy who was doing so was being fucked by the other stud. 

"Whoa, I did not know it was that kinda porn!" Jason laughed. 

"SURE YOU DIDN'T!" Jacob teased poking his friend in the ribs. "Dude, it's alright, you've told me your kinkiest secret...I get it...you're a total cockslut," he joked as they laughed at the situation. 

Jason took the razzing in stride but he couldn't help noticing that his dick jumped a little at being called a cockslut. "What in the hell?" He thought as their laughter faded. 

"Dude I know this is gonna sound weird, but this is still a super hot porn...she's so fucking hot and the guys are in really good shape...the whole thing is just really hot," as he said this he reached his hand into his own boxers and finally began to lightly stroke his cock. 

"And don't feel weird about getting fingered up the ass...lots of guys do that...it's called the prostate, every guy has one," Jacob reasoned to his friend. 

"Thanks man, I still feel weird about it sometimes cuz people can be super judgey about stuff like that," Jason said, licking his lips slightly as he watched the guy in the porn having his ass slowly fucked. Jacob took notice of that. 

That sat there in silence for a couple of seconds slowly jacking themselves off before Jason turned back to him. 

"Okay your turn...what is your biggest turn on sexually?" Jason asked, both of them still looking towards the TV as they slowly played with themselves. 

"Oh man...I love porn videos of girls with really amazing asses. Like, perfectly round asses. I'm such an ass man. I love to lick it, suck it, finger it, fuck it...I've had three different girls give me their backdoor and it's been some of the best sex I've had. Especially when the girls are into it, when it turns them on," Jason felt his cock twitch again while Jacob talked. 

"Dude...don't take this the wrong way but you've seen it before so whatever," Jacob said as he stood up and quickly pulled down his briefs. A perfect seven inch cock flopped out. It was a little thick and a perfect length. 

"Haha! It's about fucking time," Jason said as he took his own briefs off. Jason's cock was also fairly thick, and six inches hard, which he very much was right then and there. 

The video was ending as the girl and guy met at the base of the top's cock and made out as he came on their faces. The cum dripped down and they licked it up between them. 

"Have you ever tasted your own cum?" Jacob suddenly asked as he was now looking at Jason. Jason's eyes went big again, and he laughed in embarrassment. 

"I totally have," he said, putting a hand over his face.

"Wait, let me guess," Jacob said, as he laughed at his friend's predicament, "Lacey?" 

"Yes! How did you know?!" Jason said, sinking further back into the pillow he was sitting on. 

"She liked to be charge didn't she?" Jacob said spreading his legs further apart so that his knee rested against Jason's as they continued a strange sort of foreplay that neither of them fully understood. 

Jason just nodded as he looked as his friend. 

"Okay, okay, follow up question, I'm gonna make sure you can't wiggle out of answering this one so sit up...actually, let's take a pee break first and start a new porn I'm loving this," Jacob said. 

"Me too, man," Jason replied, as they took turns in the bathroom. When Jason finally returned Jacob had already packed the bong that they often utilized and was scrolling through the similar movie choices located below the one they had just watched. He chose another MMF film featuring a really sexy brunette and two sandy blonde guys that looked pretty similar to their own hair and body type. 

Jacob patted the floor by him and Jason retook his seat as they each took a long drag from the bong. The next film started but Jacob turned and sat cross-legged to his friend. 

"Okay, next question, you ready?" Jacob asked. 

"I'm ready," Jason responded. 

"She didn't only use her fingers on you, did she?" Jason almost spit out his beer as he was asked this, the pot was really going to his brain and his dick bounced as his friend dug deeper. 

"OH MY GOD! WHAT DID SHE USE ON YOU?!?" He pushed him further. Their knees were pressed up against each other as they both lightly jacked their cocks. Both of them were incredibly hard. 

"Well, okay so we got really drunk and stoned one night and she was wearing her high school cheerleading outfit for roleplay, but when she got on top of me I realized she was wearing a strapon underneath the skirt..." Jason said, shaking his head as he said it, terrified of what his friend might think. 

"WOW! DUDE! THAT'S WAY KINKIER THAN SOME FINGERS! LACEY PETERSON FUCKED YOU!" He punched his friend in the shoulder and they both laughed at the truth coming out. 

"Yeah man, she was really kinky...it was wild," Jason stammered. 

"Yeah but...did you like it? Did she make you cum?" Jacob asked, getting a little serious now. 

"I mean...it hurt like fucking hell at first...but I think I did like it. The role reversal I think is what was so hot to me," Jason reasoned, as they stroked their cocks in front of each other. 

"I totally get that...you liked being taken control of," Jacob said. 

"Yeah," Jason replied a little softer. There was a pause. 

"She fucked you more than once, didn't she?" Jacob asked his friend, as his voice had suddenly turned a little flirtatious. 

"Yeah," Jason said again as he stared at his friends cock, suddenly feeling his mouth watering. 

"She would talk really dirty to you, wouldn't she?" Jacob asked, thrusting his dick a little further forward as he noticed his friend eyeing it. 

"Yeah, it was really sexy," Jason replied, his heart beating a mile a minute now. 

"How would she do it? Would she get in a mood where she just wanted to take your ass? Or...was that the dynamic between you two?" Jacob was asking increasingly deeper questions, loving how he was making his old friend squirm. 

"Well, she would touch my ass a lot and tell me what a great ass I have and sometimes we'd be laying on the bed watching movies and her fingers would trail down to my boxers and she'd slowly finger me while we watched things, and she'd say these dirty things to me that would get me really turned on and basically willing to do anything," Jason had closed his eyes as he relived this sexual memory. 

"So," Jacob leaned closer to his friend, "what kinds of things would she say?"

"She'd tell me my ass was made to be fucked...and she'd tell me these crazy things she was gonna make me do...she'd tie me up and dominate me..." Jason said, as his dick grew even harder. 

"That's amazing," Jacob said as he reached over and grabbed his friends cock for the first time. Jason shuddered as his friend took over on jacking him off slowly. 

"Fuck, I am so fucking horny right now," Jason said as he opened his eyes and looked into his best friend's, "that feels really good," Jason said. 

Jacob untangled his legs and slid them under each of Jason's so that their balls and dicks were pushed up against each other. He licked both of his hands and wrapped them around both cocks and jacked them together. 

"All this time and I've never even known you liked cock," Jacob said as he jacked them both. Jason's dick felt amazing up against his friend's. 

"Ha! Well, I don't know about that...Lacey just had a way of seducing me...she knew all the right buttons to push, all the right things to say," Jason said as Jacob pushed his legs a little further under his. They were closer together now while Jacob jacked them off. Jason steadied himself by putting his arms around his friends back. 

"That feels amazing, please don't stop," Jason moaned as the two cocks slid together back and forth. Jacob turned and breathed against his friend's ear. 

"You know what I think?" He asked. 

"What?" Jason asked, suddenly feeling very more and more emboldened. 

"I think you're just dying to be a slut for this cock right now," 

"Fuck you dude! I've never played with a guy!" But he was incredibly turned on by the statement. 

"Come on man, you've already admitted you loved when Lacey fucked you...don't you want to be a little slut for me?" Jacob bit his ear after he said this and Jason arched upwards and moaned. Jacob slipped even further under his friend as he did this...Jason put both legs behind his friend's back on the carpet and held himself upward above them. 

"I dunno man...I've never done this," 

"You have done this. You like to do this. You like someone to be in control." Jacob said as he pushed Jason down so he was sitting on his friends lap now. Jacobs's incredibly hard cock was now trapped in the crack of Jason's ass as his friend bit his ear again and continued speaking to him slowly. 

"Jason...you're a cockslut, aren't you? You're a total slut for cock." Jacob asked as he slowly stroked Jason's cock with his fingers. 

"Yes." Jason said, barely above a whisper. 

"And cocksluts need to told what to do. They need to be submissive little sluts to big tasty cocks, don't they?" 

"Yes," he repeated again. Jason could feel the large cock pulsing seductively in between his ass cheeks. 

"Are you going to do whatever I tell you to do? And be a good little slut for your best friend's dick?" Jacob asked licking his neck as he said it. 

"Yes." 

"Yes what?" Jacob asked as he rubbed his cock up and down between Jason's ass. 

"I'm gonna be a good little slut for you." He couldn't believe what he was saying but he was more turned on than he had ever been. 

"Good. Now let me explain what's going to happen next. You're going to spread your cheeks for me and let my cock slip into your ass right now, and after I'm all the way inside of you, I'm going to tell you what we're going to do for the rest of the night," Jason was so hard...he couldn't believe how turned on he was and slutty he suddenly felt. Something feral was kicking in. 

He sat fully down on Jacob's lap and positioned the hard cock below him directly at his asshole. Jacob lubed up his fingers and spread the saliva all over his friend's hole as Jason slowly allowed the mushroom head to pop into his hole. 

"Aaaggh," he moaned as the dick first pushed inside of him. "Oh my god, your cock is inside me," Jason moaned, his head thrown back. 

"That's a good little cock slut," Jacob said as his friend slowly sank down onto his cock. "Did Lacey used to tell you that she was going to make you take a real cock? Did she tell you what a good little cockslut you were?" 

"Yes...she did," Jason said, his cock twitching rock hard with the question. He kept slowly sinking down onto his friend's cock, inch by pleasurable inch. 

"You remind me so much of my submissive ex...she was so slutty for me and the sluttier she was the harder she came..." with that Jason finally got all of Jacob's dick into his ass and he moaned in pleasure, as he was now sitting firmly in his friend's lap. "And I know that you're a cumslut just like she was because I've been holding your cock the entire time you slipped down onto my cock, and you've been getting harder with each new inch." 

Jacob covered his fingers with the precum coming out of Jason's cock and brought them up to his friend's lip, Jason grabbed the hand sucked his cum off of his friend's fingers like it was a cock. He was really getting into the character now. He loved the feeling of being told what to do. He was completely at the mercy of Jacob and he loved ever second of it. 

"Here's what is going to happen slut," Jacob said as Jason dutifully sucked on his fingers, "first, you're going to let my cock open up that slutty little ass of yours...then, when you're a little more loose, I'm going to take you over to the bed and bend you over and ride you until I cum in your ass." Jason moaned on the fingers as he said this, 

"Then when I'm done, I'm going to take my cock out of your ass and make you clean up our juices with your mouth.

Then when my dick is all clean, you're going to make me cum again, either with your ass or your mouth, but I'll let you decide which way I cum the second time, do you understand slut?" 

"Ohmagahd," Jason moaned as he felt Jacob's dick pulse in his ass. He took Jacob's fingers out of his mouth. "Yes...please...I need you to dominate me. I need you to breed my ass." 

Jason started to move his hips back and forth with the dick still all the way inside him. His dick has never been this hard. Some latent fantasy had surfaced and all he wanted was to be the sluttiest cock whore he could be. 

Jason moaned as he began to lightly ride Jacob's cock and slowly the pain turned into the most amazing pleasure. Every thrust hurt, but also felt so good. 

Jacob picked him up and carried him over to the bed, pushing him onto his stomach. He grabbed a pillow and propped it under Jason's lap. 

"Lay down there and prop your ass up like a good little slut," Jacob commanded. Jason laid down and eagerly pressed his ass into the air. Jacob immediately lined up his dick and rubbing it against Jason's asshole. He bent over and licked up and down Jason's hole, rimming him as Jason's eyes rolled back into his head. He felt Jacob's tongue enter his ass and he felt like he might cum right then and there into the pillow. 

"Okay slut, time for you to feel what it really feels like to be fucked like a little bareback cum slut," he rubbed his cock up and down the wet hole and even slapped Jason's ass cheeks with it a couple of times. 

Jason started to wiggle his ass around in the air, he was so horny. 

"You want my cock, slut?" Jacob teased. 

"Yes!" Jason moaned, his ass already missing that full feeling. What had gotten into him? He was completely delirious with a sudden need for his best friend to pound his ass. 
