 I love to suck cock and swallow cum. For many years I was afraid to swallow cum for fear of AIDS. Now I figure the world's going down the tubes in a hurry, so what the fuck difference does it make, anyway?

When the fever gets in me, I go to the adult theater or the bathhouse to get some dick, and to get my own dick off. Sure, I like getting a blowjob myself, and every now and then I do, but most of the time no one is interested in sucking my little dick. Besides, when I see a beefy man who turns me on, with a big beautiful hard cock, it would be a shame not to suck him off, and get his cum.

The porno theater is dark and sleazy and dirty, and small too, but most of the time I go there. The local bathhouse is a lot nicer, but it's too damn expensive. Hell, I don't want to have to pay $30 or $40 just to go out suckin' dicks. I like to go out suckin' dicks at least two or three times a week. Paying thirty bucks a pop would put a serious cramp on my style. The theater is crap, but it's more affordable.

When I first go in, I have to stand around for a couple of minutes in the front, letting my eyes adjust to the near darkness. Once they do, I go in the back, behind the wall, prowling for cock. I usually don't have to wait too long before I get a nice, juicy dick to suck. I'm not indiscriminate: I won't suck just anybody's dick (guys with mean faces really turn me off), but I'm not all that fuckin' choosy either. I like big, beefy men who are more masculine than me, studly men who look a little rough, like they work with their hands, not sitting behind a desk like me. Men who fuck my mouth hard, shoving their dicks into the back of my throat . . . I'm very submissive and I love to please men, especially studs with hard cocks who turn me on. And the best way to please just about any man is to please his pud. Most of all I love the moment of his supreme pleasure, when he shoots his thick load of cum into my mouth for me to swallow. Sometimes I like to play with his cum before I eat it-- swishing it around in my mouth, drooling it into my hand and then slurping it back up, etc. I've never done any snowballing (passing cum into another person's mouth), but I'd love to do it, with another man or even with a woman.

I love having two cocks in my mouth at once, that really drives me wild. The last time I did it they were both hot, chunky studs, one white, one black. The white guy's dick was big, and the black one even bigger. They were kissing each other while I was worshipping both their cocks, and fingering both of their buttholes . . .

Anyway, a few months ago I went out and met this guy who was really nice, and I loved his cock and his body, but he turned out to be a jerk like all the rest. I met him in the back of the theater. I was cruisin' for cock, and there he was-- definitely the prime catch in the whole place. Nice body, smiling, kindly face, big black cock sticking out of his pants . . . I took one look at him, and right away sank to my knees, murmuring "Yeah, baby . . . yeah, baby . . ." I wrapped my lips around the head of his dick and sucked the best I could, squeezing my lips around the head and flicking avidly with my tongue. After a minute or two of soft, slow sucking on the top of his dick, I suddenly plunged down to his crotch, taking his whole cock into my mouth, and began sucking more lewdly and hungrily. He groaned with pleasure, which turned me on even more. I really wanted to get this stud off, and eat his cum.

"Damn!" he exclaimed, shaking his head and smiling at me. "You're a really good cocksucker!"

"Thank you, baby," I purred, before taking his cock back into my mouth and rewarding him for the compliment with some more primo dicklovin'. I am a really good cocksucker, if I say so myself-- most of the men I've done have sure seemed to enjoy it, and a lot of them have told me what a good cocksucker I am, which I love to hear. I've had a lot of practice over the years, and I've learned all the tricks of how to get a dick off with my mouth. And I know my own cock, and what makes it feel good, well enough to know how to milk a dick pretty damn good. And I really love doing it-- I'm always cock hungry. I probably could easily suck off thirty or forty cocks a day, every day, if I could get that many.

He must have appreciated the blowjob I was giving him, because he asked me to go with him to his hotel room. At first I was skeptical-- I've had guys invite me to go with them, then dump me along the way. Then it costs another $8 to get back in the theater. But this guy seemed for real, and I did really want to be with him in private. I had him leave the place first, and then about a minute later I followed. I drove him over to his room at the MGM. We went up to his room, which was nice but sterile, typical hotel room, and he laid down on a bed with his legs spread, wearing only his T-shirt.

I crawled on my hands and knees to the bed, and then slithered up the bed between his legs to his cock.

"May I suck your cock, please, master?" I said, smiling lewdly.

He got into the game. "Yeah, go ahead, bitch," he answered, feigning indifference.

He's quite a stud-- I sucked his cock really hard for about an hour before I finally got him off. He really made me work for my cum. And a good part of the time I wasn't so much sucking as he was fucking my mouth, in a way that was very horny and nasty, but not mean or cruel at all. He had a nice big dick, but fortunately not too big, 'cause I can't really deepthroat. I gag and can even throw up if a guy shoves his dick too far down my throat. I actually don't like really huge cocks that much, they're too big for me. But this stud's cock was just right-- just big enough. He was hitting the back of my mouth with every thrust, and a few times almost made me gag a little. But I knew it was pleasing him to have his cock sucked so hard and long, and I in turn loved worshipping his cock so abjectly. I love all kinds of cocks, but big blacks ones are my favorite. I couldn't help moaning with pleasure as I sucked, and he would talk dirty to me as he used my mouth like a pussy.

"Yeah, you like havin' a dick in your face, don't you, baby? Big black cock in your mouth . . . Look at me, cocksucker! Nasty little pussy boy! Did you get any cum tonight, dickhound?"

"No, not yet," I moaned between hot licks. "Nobody gave me any cum."

"Well, you're gonna get a big mouthful pretty soon, baby. Just keep doin' what you're doin'-- I'm getting ready to explode."

When I heard that, I really went into a sucking frenzy, knowing my creamy reward was near at hand. I could feel the vein pulsing on the underside of his cock as I slurped, a sure sign a man is getting close to cumming. I wrapped my lips tightly around his dong, and sucked hard and fast along the whole length of it, giving him total cock stimulation. By now he was groaning, and then his strong hands clasped my head and held it down on his crotch while his cock pumped out one delicious wad of cum after another, each of which I swallowed as fast as I could. I couldn't wait for his cum to become part of me.

"Good boy," he said after it was over.

Afterwards we hung out together for a little while and talked and got to know each other some. His name was Mike, and he was in town on business from Chicago. He said he'd be back in Vegas soon. He seemed like a really nice guy, not mean at all, and I wanted very much to see him again. I gave him my phone number and E-mail address, and he said he'd call me or at least E-mail me, but he never did.

It's always like that-- even when I meet a great guy who turns me on, and he seems to like me too, he invariably turns out to be a flake. I'd like to have a lover, but everyone I meet just wants some quick sex, and then I never see them again. It's frustrating. I can get dick any times I want, but I'm starved for affection.