 I always wondered how someone could turn into a full-blown slut. What could cause a person to submit and become a helpless, drooling, groveling cock slut begging for every last drop of cum? Embarrassingly enough, I learned how.

I, Damien, had become that slut. And, Rodrigo helped pound me every last inch of the way there.

Sure, he fucked me once before, but that was in the moment. I wasn't fully committed. The second time was different.

This time I expressly wanted it. I gave myself to Rodrigo 100% willingly. I propositioned him for a blowjob. To give, not to receive. I knew he couldn't resist and wouldn't be able to stop there. In fact, deep down, I counted on it. He was going to come over and GIVE it to me.

Ooh boy, did he ever give it.

I didn't even hide away in a dark bedroom to save my pride. Home alone from college on Spring Break, I was a dirty little slut right there in my parents' living room. Completely naked, I sank to my knees and sucked Rodrigo's dick with slow attentive form. 

Of course, Rodrigo wasn't patient with my teasing mouth party. As soon as he was at full rigid attention, he yanked me to my feet and stuffed his thick member into my yearning asshole. And, after a preliminary yet comprehensive pounding, he commanded me to get down on the floor and put my legs over my head.

Following a brief pause to stroke my cock and lather my tongue in my own pre-cum, I obeyed him, happily. Smacking my lips, I got down on my back and whipped my legs over my head, holding them tight against me. I practically begged him to re-stuff me with his beautiful thick cock.

Beautiful? Rodrigo's cock was beautiful to me? Oh God. I was in the deepest of deep ends and I wasn't getting out easily.

See, Rodrigo might have turned me out (again). But, I was embarrassed. And, I was still in complete denial of my cock obsession.

Because I was completely straight, obviously! I wanted to be with a naked girl! Yeah. A hot naked girl with nipples as hard as diamonds. Absolutely. With a tight ass! Mm. Right? Sure.

A tight ass to be fucked by a girthy throbbing hard cock. Um. A hard cock that would shoot huge loads into a clenching wanting begging asshole. Oh Lord. Like MY asshole that would stretch around Rodrigo's delicious dick. Oh no!

I thought I could get out? Fat chance.

—

I woke up the morning after my second official ass-fucking in a bit of shock. I was splayed out naked on the living room floor as sunlight shone directly into my eyes through the front window. My abs, chest, and face were glazed with my own cum (yet again).

Suddenly, there was a knock at the door. I had never moved so quickly in my life. In no time, I was on my feet. I dashed to my bedroom to find a robe.

I returned to the front door and opened it slowly. All I found was a full mailbox and the mail truck driving off down the street. It wasn't until I closed the door that I realized the cum splattered all over my face and chest would have been readily apparent to any passerby. I nearly slapped myself silly.

My face would have casted a red light from the power of my blushing had it not been for the layer of my own cum on it. I had to shower. I had to wash the guilt off.

I ran to the bathroom and whipped off my robe. My cock (already swelling) slapped against my thigh. Despite the shame I felt recalling the previous night's events, it seems my cock had a mind of its own. I stared down as it bobbed with my heartbeat growing to a stiff respectable length and a girth that made my mouth water.

My own cock making my mouth water? My obsession had full hold of me. I bent over and turned on the hot water trying to forget. Unfortunately, as I bent forward I felt something between my ass cheeks. You see, Rodrigo had so graciously provided a folded tissue for cleanup just hours before this moment. The folded tissue, I knew, was 'pasted' firmly against my asshole.

Hastily, I snatched the tissue and pulled. It had been stuck fast, not falling away after my emergency dash for a robe and such. But, it was removed quite easily and tossed away as I stepped into the hot spray of the shower head.

What wasn't removed easily was the combined feeling of humiliation and thrill I felt when warm torrents of Rodrigo's cum began trickling down my inner thighs. I was mortified. Yet, my cock grew harder still.

Words rang out in my head, "Someone was a good little whore, there wasn't even half as much cum last time. Do you think it tastes good?"

Almost on its own, my right hand ran down my backside and my fingers scooped up a generous amount of Rodrigo's 'flavor.' A pause.

"Do it, slut!" my thoughts heckled me.

My fingers shot straight for my mouth. "Mmph," I heard myself utter. I greedily sucked and licked the savory goodness away. My cock jumped.

Once more my right hand ran down between my thighs and gathered more cum. Possessed, I brought my right hand to my mouth to devour more ad-dick-ting nectar and my left hand collected what remained. As I suckled on the fingers of my right hand, the fingers of my left hand (coated in cum) were pressed firmly into my puckered asshole.

"Nnnnnng! Fuck!" I exclaimed. My back arched and I presented more of a target for my fingers' ever-increasing pressure.

My hole relented and my fingers plunged into me.

"Ooh, Ooh, Ooh," I cooed as my digits pistoned in and out of my stretched hole. I kept pushing my hips back to meet the motion of my left hand while licking every last remnant of Rodrigo's cum off my right. I was intoxicated.

My inner thoughts were a mess, but I was absolutely loving every last minute of this. I relentlessly finger fucked my ass. And, once I had lapped up all of Rodrigo's cum, I was in desperate need.

I had to cum.

I shut off the hot shower for a moment. Then, I plucked my fingers from my needy ass. My mind chimed in, "Why don't we take this a little further? You ate HIS cum. How about you eat your own?"

Like a mindless zombie, I got down on my back and whipped my legs over my head. At this point, my hard cock was pointing straight down at my face. I reached up with my right hand and began to stroke. Then, I reached up with my left hand and roughly ground two fingers against the ring of my used asshole.

As my euphoria grew, I thought of Rodrigo's toned abs and strong athletic legs being used to drive his thick rock hard cock forward with full force into my fuckhole. What was wrong with me?

"Oh God," I whimpered, as my two fingers probed my insides. In the process, my mouth fell wide open, completely slack-jawed. I thought of Rodrigo slamming deep into my hole and cumming. It set me off like a bomb.

I exploded and thick rope after thick rope of cum shot directly into my open mouth. 

For a moment, I was confused. My post-orgasm brain was analyzing. "Yes, Damien, your mouth is full of cum," my mind teased. I swallowed. The taste was incredible. Oh no.

I stood up and restarted the shower and earnestly tried to clean myself. I was rattled. The voice in my head poked and prodded my psyche, "Now you have two bellyfuls of cum in there. Quite the connoisseur, huh?" I finished up the shower and got out.

"I need professional help," I lamented.

—

As my second ass-fucking had happened the first weekend of Spring Break, I spent the remaining time in disarray.

Some of it I spent guilting myself. Some of it I spent pleasuring myself (fingers in my ass, moaning into my pillow). Some of it I spent planning how to apologize to Summer, the gorgeous blonde girl I had broken up with prior to Spring Break. And, some of it I spent planning out how to stay away from Rodrigo.

Finally, as the second weekend approached, I had a epiphany. I would have lunch with Rodrigo and explain the situation. 

That was it. I had my fun. So did he. But, that would be the last of my ass he would get.

I picked a time for that Friday. We would go to a local casual Mexican joint. I texted him. He approved. Everything was set.

Friday arrived. I actually agonized over my wardrobe. I wanted to look good. Weird.

Anyway, I drove over to the spot. I was in a chic button-down with the sleeves rolled up and jeans that hugged my legs and ass. I was 'feeling myself.' Confident not cocky.

I pulled into the parking lot and saw Rodrigo standing near the entrance to the restaurant. He was in a tight black t-shirt and wearing dance leggings that accentuated his muscular thighs. It looked like he had just come from working out, but his hair was perfectly quaffed and he was looking great. Oh no. My confidence melted a bit.

In his hands, Rodrigo held what looked like a big birthday present; colorful wrapping paper with a giant bow. I found that strange. I parked my car and walked up.

When I approached, Rodrigo shoved the present into my chest.

"Happy Birthday!" he said with a smirk.

"My birthday isn't for a couple of months," I said, perplexed. I tried to hide a bit from patrons staring. It was hard to do as people streamed in and out of the restaurant.

"Oh? You sure? Well, Happy Birthday anyway," Rodrigo returned with a cheeky wink. I saw mischief in his eyes.

With my hands occupied, Rodrigo saw his chance. He turned and grabbed my ass briefly. Chuckling, he spun around and sashayed to the door.

Holding the door open, he said, "After you." I meekly walked through. I could feel his eyes on my backside. My cock began to thicken and I started to sweat. Why?!

For a moment, though, things calmed down. We made small talk. We shared a bit about our week, ordered our meals up front, and found a table in the back corner away from prying eyes (or ears).

Our dishes arrived and we ate them quickly chatting here and there.

"Look Rodrigo," I said after an awkward pause in the conversation.

"I know what you're going to say, and I completely agree," Rodrigo interjected.

"You d-do?" I stammered, stunned.

"Absolutely, we have had a lot of fun. But, I think its time to put things on hiatus. What happened last weekend was so hot. But, I decided to seriously start seeing someone and I need to focus on him. I know you need your focus for school and such. It's okay, Babe. Don't worry," he said.

I was blindsided.

I considered my words for a moment in my head, "Am I jealous? Am I angry? I am confused. Am I a sidepiece? He's just going to fuck me into oblivion and bounce? Why do I care so much?!"

Before I could make a serious reply, Rodrigo's phone buzzed. He scanned the screen. Making eye contact, he said, "That's him, got to go. Safe travels back to school. And, enjoy your present!"

Rodrigo stood, gave me a quick hug, and walked away.

Calling after him, I said, "O-Okay, of course! Thanks."

I watched him leave. I was floored. What just happened?

I decided to count it as a victory. I had come to break it off. It was done.

I looked down at the table at my gift. I unwrapped it and opened it. On top was a card from Rodrigo which read, "Don't get into too much trouble. ;)"

Tissue paper concealed the gifts. So, I dug through and uncovered: long-lasting anal lube, a lube shooter syringe, a prostate stimulator, and (finally) a 9+ inch length, 3+ inch wide suction cup dildo. My eyes leapt out of my head. I was speechless.

I thought I almost died. That is, until a waiter approached. At which point, I wish I had died.

"Anything else I can get for you, sir?" the waiter said.

I slammed the box lid closed, not looking suspicious at all. As a conspicuous flush filled my face, I squeaked, "No. Thank you! Just leaving." Damn Rodrigo.

With Pandora's Box in my hands, I scurried out of the restaurant to my car. Once safely inside, I whipped out my phone. I had to give Rodrigo 'what for.'

I opened our text chain. On the screen was my blowjob proposition to him along with a "Thanks for last night ;)" from him the day afterward. I began to type as furious as possible.

"Rodrigo! What the fuck?! You have to warn people when you give gifts like that. Plus, why would I want these? I'm pissed at you!" I sent, attempting to convey vitriol.

Hours later, as I was packing, he still hadn't responded. I sent another, "Still mad." I couldn't believe him. But, I was being a little pathetic.

I was resisting his gift. At the same time, I was jealous that his focus wasn't on me anymore. Angry at the truth, I taped the gift box closed and petulantly threw it in my closet.

The next day, my parents were set to take me back to school. We were almost ready to leave when my mom came out of the house with the gift box.

"Here, this was near your pack pile in your closet. I figured you forgot it," she said.

"Thanks," I said, feigning a smile. Oh great.

Once we piled into the car, I sent one final text to Rodrigo, "I hate you."

—

The first couple weeks back from Spring Break were busy. Classes were in full swing delivering hard material. But, I made time to hang out with Jonathan, go to the gym, and even meet with Summer in-person.

I apologized to her profusely. I fessed up that I had hooked up with someone over Spring Break. She was hurt, but appreciated my apology. Things weren't repaired, but they were at least on a positive road to recovery.

Despite all of this, I was still keeping myself neatly groomed and fantasizing about my surrender to Rodrigo. It bruised my pride. But, my cock would get rock hard. And, it wasn't long until I was eyeing the gift box I had shoved onto a top closet shelf in my room.

One night, curiosity got the best of me. I canceled on Jonathan to go party hopping. I locked my bedroom door, stripped naked, and began stroking my cock and lightly teasing my asshole. I was rubbing, prodding, and pressing.

After a good amount of self-teasing, I brought down the gift box. I pulled out the anal lube and the prostate massager. I spread anal lube on my hole, I spread some on the massager, and I made sure to use a finger to press some inside of me.

On all fours on my bedroom floor, I pressed the tip of the massager against my wanting hole. The massager forced its way inside and nestled up against my prostate. Reading the instructions, I tried clenching and unclenching and could see my cock bounce with the movement. I could feel a deep pulsating warmth every time the massager pressed against my prostate. I was determined to master it.

The first night, I was able to enjoy the prostate massage for a solid half-hour until my prostate got sore. The next night, I was able to manage an hour. The following night, I pushed it to an hour-and-a-half. Each night, I refused to stroke my cock, holding out for something monumental.

On the fifth night, everyone in my house would be going out to huge parties. That meant I could have the entire place to myself for 4-5 hours if I wanted it. I told Jonathan I wasn't feeling well, and made plans.

Two hours before everyone was set to leave for the evening, I was already lubed up and stuffed with my prostate massager. I stayed clothed, but I was clenching and unclenching my muscles to give my prostate an epic warmup. Jonathan tried a last ditch effort to convince me to come out for the evening. But, I faked a cough and refused.

Fifteen minutes after my housemates had left, I strolled around the house slowly disrobing. I took one lap for safety (and fun) traipsing through everyone's rooms in varying states of undress. Once that was done, I returned to my room to grab the gift box.

A few moments later, I was in the bathroom for a marathon masturbation session. My clothes were nowhere to be seen having been ultimately discarded in my bedroom. I was standing staring in the mirror; buck naked, stroking my cock (which hadn't been stroked properly for a week). My cock was absolutely pouring delicious pre-cum all over my hand. God, it tasted amazing.

A pause. I pulled the prostate massager from my ass. Then, I did what most would definitely consider far too much preparation for a "straight" man. I crouched down and got on all fours. I filled the lube shooter to the brim with anal lube and pushed the tip into me, emptying its contents inside. I then collected the prostate massager and spread a fine sheen of my own pre-cum around it. I ran the tip around the sensitive rim of my asshole causing shivers.

Then, I pressed it firm into the center.

When it overcame the initial resistance it jumped inside of me and rammed against my prostate. There I was with my own pre-cum (and plenty of lube, of course) plugged up inside of me.

I stood back up on unstable legs. l clenched my muscles again and again. The massager ground itself against my prostate over and over milking more and more pre-cum out of me. It was practically streaming down my cock. I flexed and unflexed the muscles causing my dick to bob up and down. I moaned. The last several nights had made me a slave to this pleasure.

I was almost three hours into this endeavor (counting my two hour warm-up). Naturally, my mind turned even more perverse. "Damien, it's time to have a little fun. Open your final gift," my thoughts echoed.

In my mind, I hesitated. In reality, my hands rifled through the box at the speed of light. I found the "murder weapon." That prostate massager looked like child's play compared to the impossibly long, thick, and monstrous replica cock. But, my eyes were bigger than my stomach. Scratch that, they were bigger than my plugged up hole.

The voice in my head was egging me on to take it. Even after all of my previous play in the times leading up to this, my ass had never witnessed or experienced something as massive as that. There was this morbid curiosity to cross that bridge; to degrade, humble, and embarrass myself. I had to show myself the slutty capability I had.

Practically panting, I wrenched the prostate massager from my tight hole with a pop. My absolutely rigged cock bobbed in response and a string of pre-cum flicked across the bathroom counter. I licked my lips, which already had that salty/sweet taste dancing across them. I squeezed some more from the tip of my cock and devoured it hungrily from my fingers.

I pulled the mock cock from the box. Wedged into the box was a condom that had a note on it that read, "Safety first! Enjoy! - Rodrigo." What a jerk! Right? Sure.

In no time, I ripped open the package and had the pre-lubed condom on that dildo.

I squeezed lube onto one hand and coated the toy from top to bottom. I squeezed lube down my backside across my already warm and pliant asshole. I was getting nervous now. I put some more lube into my hand and spread it over the hole and pressed some inside. This was going to be a challenge. For extra comfort, I filled the lube shooter again and bathed my insides once more.

I took a deep breath. What was I doing?! I don't know. But it felt so right. Conflicted, I grabbed my phone and texted Rodrigo, "Fuck you!"

That definitely showed him. End sarcasm.

I climbed into the bathtub. By now, I was shaking. My body was shivering from nerves. My legs were shaking from excitement. My mind was a mess. I stuck the suction cup to the tub below me. I squatted down more and more. With a jolt, I felt the blunt tip touch my hole. "It's HUGE," I remember thinking, "how will this ever fit?!"

Despite my concerns, I began to make progress the only way I knew how. I pressed myself down on it. At first, it would bend this way and that, but then it began to force straight into me and stretch me. There was no way! I kept trying, but it just wasn't going in.

Until, that is, my right foot slipped out from under me. You see, everyone had showered before going out. The bathroom was still hot and humid, in fact. Some of that moisture was left over. In my catcher's position, my foot refused to keep me perched above the toy. I slipped against the back of tub and slid down hard.

I thought I blacked out. Something felt off. I was in a bit of shock, a feeling that had become all too familiar. As I regained my bearings, I took stock.
