 It was five o'clock on a Friday afternoon and Craig hurried home from work to grab his suitcase and hit the road. He was heading for the city as he had a serious case of blue balls and needed to get himself laid before he went clean out of his mind.

The little town he lived in was a good three hours from the city and he wasn't looking forward to the drive, especially after a busy day at work; usually he was worn out by the time he hit the clubs. However, he had no other choice. Although there were some hunky guys in his little town, they were all straight and mostly married. That's not to say that Craig didn't drool after their husky bodies and sexy asses. If it wasn't for the fact that he had inherited his parents' business when they died he would have moved away a long time ago.

He was just about to walk out his front door when he saw Sam, a local farmer walking up the garden path. He was still wearing the khaki shorts and work boots that seemed to be some sort of farmer's uniform round about those parts. As always, the sight of those massive hairy thighs and big bull balls trussed up in snug shorts made Craig feel weak at the knees. In his right hand Sam carried a laptop.

'Oh, hi Craig,' he said as he approached. 'Do you have a minute to show me something?'

'Yeah sure,' Craig lied 'come inside.'

'I've just bought this computer and don't know very much about it,' Sam said. 'Could you show me how to connect to the internet?'

Craig took a quick look at his watch. If he hurried he could still make it. Sam was at the top of Craig's lust list and having him here right in his house was like some porno dream come true. If only dreams came true.

Craig explained to Sam that he would need to sign up with a service provider to connect to the internet. Sam pulled some papers and a disc out of his pocket and Craig soon had him set up and showed him the basics. He was only half an hour late; he could still make it.

Sam thanked Craig and set off. Craig waited five minutes and then jumped in his vehicle to begin the drive that would hopefully bring some relief from his constant horniness. Twenty minutes later he was just approaching Sam's farm when his engine started spluttering. It sounded real serious and as Craig didn't have the faintest idea about cars he decided to see if Sam could help.

Craig's vehicle only just made it into Sam's yard before it spluttered one last time and died completely. As he got out of the car Sam came to the front door. It was a hot evening and he had changed into a pair of ruby shorts and had taken his shirt off. Masses of dark hair swirled all over his well developed chest and beer padded stomach. His large brown nipples looked really inviting as the poked out of all that fur, like they were just looking for a pair of lips to nuzzle them. 

'That doesn't sound too healthy, 'he said to Craig. 'Best you leave it there and we'll get it sorted out in the morning.'

'Are you sure? What about your wife, won't she mind?' Craig asked.

'She's over at her mother's,' Sam replied.

As Craig followed Sam into the house he couldn't help drinking in the beauty of the farmer's big, shapely ass bouncing about in his ruby shorts which rode right up the crack of his ass. It was just about the hottest ass Craig had ever seen and he couldn't remember how many nights he jerked off while drooling over it.

Sam led Craig into the living room and asked him if he wanted a beer. 

'Do you know anything about motors?' Craig asked.

'I know some, but what's the hurry huh? I could do with some company.' Sam said.

Craig was torn: he wanted that beer, wanted to spend some time with Sam but he knew when he was feeling so fucking horny it was a dangerous combination.

'Where were you going to anyway?' Sam asked.

'I was heading into the city.' Craig replied.

'Got a girlfriend up there?' Sam quizzed.

'No. I was going to a gay club.' Craig replied, deciding that honesty was the best policy.

'Well, it will have to wait until tomorrow,' Sam said 'now let's have a beer huh?'

Craig was amazed at how easily Sam took the news that he was going to a gay bar. The ice cold beer went down easily and so did the second. The two men sat and chatted, like old friends, even though, at twenty four Craig was eight years younger than Sam and had hardly done more than pass the time of day with him before. 

'I suppose we should do something about food, huh,' Sam said.

'I'll cook if you like.' Craig offered.

'Sounds good to me. I'll open some wine,' Sam told him.

Craig asked to use the bathroom before he started the meal. When he was taking a piss he noticed Sam's laundry basket and lying right on top was a pair of underpants. Craig felt sick with lust as he looked at that scrap of pale blue cloth. He shook off his dick and with trembling hands reached for Sam's underpants. He pressed the cloth against his nose and inhaled the funky scent of a husky male. Craig's cock was soon rock hard and he was really tempted to wrap that cloth around his dick and pump one out. But he decided that it wouldn't be a good idea. Perhaps later, when he was having a bath, he could give himself the pleasure he so desperately needed. 

Craig cooked the best meal he made in a long time and Sam was very impressed.

'Man, I haven't eaten like that in a long time.' Sam told Craig.

'Has your wife been gone long?' Craig asked.

'We've split up.' Sam said softly.

'Sorry, I didn't mean to pry.' Craig apologized.

'That's OK, I did a little prying of my own earlier.' Sam told him.

Craig blushed and remained silent.

'You don't have to go all the way to the city to get a little action.' Sam said.

Sam's words just about made Craig jump out of his chair. What could he be talking about?

'What do you mean?' Craig asked.

'Well, there are a few guys around town that like a bit of cock fun.' Sam replied. 

Craig took a big gulp of his wine. Who could he mean?

'Do you know Ray at the building centre?' Sam asked.

Craig nodded. He was shocked. The big guy was into cock? Damn, if only he had know that before.

'He likes a bit of cock,' Sam said 'So does Peter at the furniture store on main street, and Dave, the mechanic.'

'Why didn't anyone tell me about this?' Craig asked.

'We've all been waiting for you to discover our little secret.' Sam replied.

'We?' Craig gasped.

'Why do you think I came round this evening?' Sam asked. 'I was trying to break the ice.'

'Wow! I don't know what to say.' Craig said.

'What I'd like you to say is that you want to do to me all the things that your eyes do to me when they check out my crotch.' Sam said.

'I have a confession to make,' Craig said as he blushed beet red. 

'When I went to the bathroom I saw a pair of your underpants in the laundry basket. I just couldn't help myself; I grabbed hold of them and had a good sniff and got a massive boner.'

'Wow!' Sam gasped. 'You sexy thing! Come and sit on my knee.'

Craig went over and sat on Sam's knees and their lips met in a tender kiss that soon turned into a desperate hunger. Both men were rampantly hard but they managed to restrain themselves and didn't reach for each other's cocks like they wanted to. However, Sam still hadn't put a shirt on and his fur proved too much of a temptation for Craig. He reached down and ran a hand across Sam's chest and gently tweaked a nipple. Sam let out a soft moan of pleasure as he broke off their kiss.

'Come sit on the sofa.' He told Craig.

As soon as they were on the sofa they were in each other's arms and their hungry lips met once more. Craig pushed Sam down onto his back and lay on top of him, grinding his body against Sam's, feeling his hard cock pulse against his own. It felt so delicious having that rigid flesh right hard against his own throbber that Craig felt close to pumping one out. And when Sam started unbuttoning Craig'sshirt and caressing his back and shoulders it just got better and better.

Craig got up and undressed completely. He stood there with his seven inch boner jutting out in front of him from a silky strawberry blonde bush. His cock was very pale, except for the head which was dark red. His large, smooth balls were snuggled close to his beautiful fuck flesh. Sam took a moment to admire the blonde beauty with his dreamy blue eyes. He couldn't wait to tell the others in his little cock fun gang that he had bagged Craig first; they would be green with envy.

Craig lowered himself on Sam once more and Sam held him close while he kissed his neck and nibbled on his earlobes. Then he started stroking up and down Craig's smooth back and on to his tight, bubble butt that was silky smooth. His fingers tugged at the cheeks and sank between them until he felt the puckered ring. He withdrew his finger and sniffed then licked it.

'I want you to fuck me!' Craig groaned.

'I've never fucked a guy before.' Sam said.

'Really?' Craig was surprised. 'What do you get up to with your pals?'

'We just jerk and suck each other off.' Sam replied. 'Do you have any lube? I don't have any.'

'I've got some in my bag.' Craig replied. 'Come on; let's go get on your bed.'

Sam led Craig by the cock into his bedroom. His own cock lay heavily across his left thigh, a massive slab of flesh inside his snug ruby shorts. Craig watched as Sam stripped off his shorts revealing his hairy black bush and that thick eight inch cock which was a nut brown colour and had a heavy hood that covered the blood engorged knob. His big, brown furry nuts looked like they held enough man juice to fill a beer mug. When Sam turned around Craig felt faint when he caught sight of that pale, beefy ass, covered in dark silky hair. It was every bit as hot as he had imagined it to be. He dropped to his knees and parted those firm cheeks. Nestled deep within the hairy crack was a big, brown pucker that as far as Craig knew had never ever been penetrated.

Craig buried his face in Sam' musky crack and began eating his ass with gusto. Sam cried out loud as Craig's tongue made contact with his sensitive folds. It was the first time he had ever been rimmed and the sensation was out of this world. He leaned forward and pulled his ass cheeks further apart, allowing Craig greater access to the fuck truffle he desired. His tongue soon had Sam's butt hole so wet that when Craig pressed a finger against the virgin ring it slipped in without any problem at all.

Sam got up on the bed and kneeled with his big, hairy butt up in the air. Craig applied a cold dollop of lube to Sam's pucker, just about making him jump out of his skin. The big man moaned like the sexed up man slut he felt he had become, and felt the incredible sensation of Craig's fingers sliding over his sensitive assring before diving in. Craig was so gentle that Sam's ass completely accepted the invading finger. Soon Sam was begging for more. Craig wiped his precum over his throbbing cock head and then got up and took aim.

His hard cock slowly sank into the furnace like heat of Sam's fuck tunnel. Both men were totally and utterly in ecstasy as their bodies were united in pleasuring each other. Sam could not believe how good it felt having a cock up his chute and when his own cock reinflated he reached down and started stroking it. It was quite simply the best jerk off session he had ever had. Something about that hard prick stroking into his guts was making his cock harder and more sensitive than it had ever been before.

The sweat dripped off Craig's chest and ran down Sam's hairy ass as they fucked. Craig had pumped so much air into Sam's slick ass that it was making very rude noises as he stroked off. Both men laughed before concentrating once more of shooting their bolts. Sam's hand now flew over his thick cock, milking that heavy hood back and forth over his sensitive knob.

'I'm close!' Sam gasped.

Craig could feel his own orgasm building up from the soles of his feet. It was time to let it loose. He increased his stroking, going deeper and deeper into that delicious ass. Sam's groans were getting louder and more and more insistent. The sound of his lover in the throes of orgasm made Craig so hot that his orgasm took him by surprise.

'Shit!' he cried as his cock blasted out a massive load of thick, hot jizz, followed by another rope and another. Sam's ass spasmed around that exploding cock as his own cock erupted, sending out a massive spray of cream into the sheets. 

Both men were totally spent and curled up in each other's arms and drifted off to sleep. There would be time later for Craig to return the favour by offering his hot bubble butt to that chunky cock of Sam's.

Copyright 2006 Daniel Blue