 Our neighbors have a really good-looking son," Chad. His room is up in the attic of their house like mine is. Every now and then I see him in his window and he's seen me from his. He knows all about me and is cool about my cross-dressing. I see him with a lot of pretty girls. Sometimes I catch him sneaking them up to his room. The girls can get pretty loud at times when he's having sex with them. That gets me so hot," I sit by the window jacking off listening to the moans. One day he just finished fucking and was going down the stairs from his bedroom and caught me wearing my stocking," garters and bra playing with myself. I just smiled.

Sometimes I would fantasize about being with him when I'd masturbate. I picture him doing me like he does the girls he takes up to his bedroom. 

I just got back from a shopping trip at the Salvation Army. I pickup a lot of girly things there. Today I bought a Girl Scout uniform for those times I want to get kinky. How was I to know that it would be today.

After doing my makeup, I put on my bra and white thong. Then the white blouse of the uniform. Next the green pleated skirt. The skirt was a little short," but I like to wear my skirts that way. Then the white cotton knee high socks and brown saddle shoes. The sash for all my merit badges and finally the green beret on my head. I let my blonde hair grow long so I put it in pigtails. 

I was admiring myself in my full length mirror and turning myself on when I hear a commotion coming from Chad's room. I peaked around the corner to see a girl running out of his bedroom and he in a bath robe right behind her. I quickly moved to the front of my bedroom to see the girl leave Chad's house and after getting into her car drive off.

Feeling horny I felt I should see if I could console Chad in his hour of need. Thank goodness my parents and obviously Chad's weren't home. I walked over to his house and rang the door bell.

Chad opened the door. I was more than glad to see him still dressed only in his bathrobe. 

"Hey, Michele is it?" he some-what sarcastically said. His robe was open and I smiled at the sight of his semi hard cock dangling from his hunky body. 

"Come in..come on in," he said. I entered his house and he closed the door behind me. 

"So what brings you here today? I don't see any cookies so your not selling anything," he grinned devilish like at me. 

"I'm here to earn a merit badge," I informed him. 

"And what badge would that be?" he inquired as his hand slipped inside his robe and he began to stroke his cock.

My eyes were glued to his action as I spoke. "My cock sucking merit badge," I replied.

"Why don't we go up to my bedroom and help you earn that badge," he said as he put his arm around my shoulder and began leading me to the upstairs.

My heart was fluttering. My breathing was rapid and shallow with each step I took towards the room where Chad had many conquests. As we moved past the attic windows I could see the view of my bedroom where many of time I fantasized about being in the place I am heading to now.

Chad had a huge bed. You could have an orgy on it," but I was just interested in one man now. Chad turned and stood in front of me. He eyed me up and down like I was a piece of meat and he was a hugry animal. "Come here Michele," he said pulling me towards him. As our lips met I closed my eyes and opened my mouth as his tongue entered. My arms were wrapped around his neck and his hands were on my hips holding me so tight against his body his cock was the only thing between us.

As we kissed passionately I felt his hands move down my his to my legs. Then his hands moved up my skirt to my ass cheeks. As he held on to my cheeks be began to hump me. I was turned on so much I couldn't take it anymore I need his cock in my mouth in the worst way. 

I broke our embrace and knelt before him. Taking the shaft of his dick in my right hand I opened my mouth moved my face forward and closed my lips down onto his cock. Slowly I sucked back and forth on Chad's stiff pole as he held onto the sides of my head and guided. My left hand was under my skirt rubbing my own stiff dick. 

"Ah..yea Michele..suck my meat," Chad moaned to me as he removed his robe. I pulled his hard on out of my mouth and began licking it like it was an ice cream cone. My tongue lapped against the head of Chad's cock the sensation caused him to moan again," "Oh yea baby..lick that cock..lick it you slut." I love to hear that word," slut.

I lifted his cock up and as I stroked it in my hand I moved my face to his hairy balls and tongue bathed them with my saliva. Chad said, "Damn, you sure are earning the badge Shelly..make me cum..make me cum in that sweet mouth of yours."

I stuck Chad's rod back into my mouth and began to suck him for all I was worth. I was so hot. So cock hungry. Chad backed up and laid down on the edge of his bed. All the time I moved with him towards the bed I kept sucking his dick till he was on the bed.

I was massaging his balls," that were still covered with my spit," as I bobbed my head up and down on his dick. Chad put his hand behind my head and was pushing my head down further that I had all of his dick in my mouth and throat. 

"YEA BABY..YEA BABY..I'M CUMMING..I"M CUMMING..AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH," Chad screamed as he shot load after load of cum into my mouth. I did not let up my onslaught. I was going to milk his cock dry. I was going to show him what a slut I really was. Chad thrashed his head from side to side on the bed as orgasm after orgasm jolted his body.

Finally I took Chad's spent cock out of my mouth and pumped it a few times to make sure he had nothing left. He just laid exhausted on the bed. 

I stood and looked down at Chad, "Did I earn my merit badge?" I asked him. 

Chad moved his right hand to his cock and slowly began to jack off. "Oh yea..you got your badge," he said with a big smile on his face. 

"Good, now I'm going after my Fuck Me In The Ass badge," Chad smile got bigger. I removed my sash then after unbuttoning my blouse I took off my skirt and thong. Chad got his cock nice and hard again as I put on the sash. I stood there wearing my beret, white lacy bra, the merit badge sash, my white knee high socks and saddle shoes stroking my cock.

Chad rose up and to my surprise took my cock in his hand and out it in his mouth. "Oh Chad," I gasped as he began to suck my cock. I held the back of his head as his mouth moved up and down on me. I voiced my pleasure more to Chad then he pulled my dick out of his mouth and hissed," "You want me to fuck you baby..you want me to fuck you slut. There was that word again. "Oh yes..yes..please fuck me," I begged him.

Chad stood up and laid 2 satin pillows in the middle of the bed. "Lie down on these cunt," he growled. Another one of those words I love to be called. I straddled the pillows by spreading my legs and laid down. The satin felt so good on my hard cock that I began to hump the pillows. Chad took a bottle of anal lube that he had on his dresser and poured a pool of it in the palm of his hand the applied it to his stiff cock. Then Chad knelt behind me on the bed. Seeing me humping the pillows he remarked," "Bitch you are such a fucking whore" then he poured some of the lube onto my butt hole and began finger me. 

"Yea I'm a whore..I'm a fucking whore," I whined as I enjoyed the finger fucking I was receiving.

"You want my dick," slut!...you want my boner in your ass," Chad barked at me.

"YES..YES..FUCK ME..FUCK ME," I hollered at him. Chad positioned himself between my ass cheeks and guided his cock into my ass. I moaned," "Ooooooooooo," as he filled me with dick. Once he was all the way in he held onto my hips and began to fuck me.

"Damn, you got a tight ass Shelly..the better to fuck with ain't it," Chad said. It wasn't long before not just the sound of me begging for cock," but the sound of flesh smacking flesh filled the room from Chad pounding me.

His cock felt so good going in and out of my ass I began to cry out, "OH CHAD FUCK ME...FUCK ME..FUCK ME." 

"Here it comes baby...here it comes...AAAAAAAHHHHH," Chad shouted as his cock spurted cum into my ass. As I felt the hot sticky goo in me my cockshot loads of cum onto the satin pillow and I called out my orgasm. Then I felt Chad collapse onto my back his cock still in my ass.

I was getting dressed back into my uniform and Chad was still lying on the bed naked. "Let me know if you need anymore help earning any more of those badges," Chad said. "Well there is a camping badge I need," I told him. 

"You got a date," he said as I left for home.