 I have always been embarrassed because I had a small dick. I would always read these stories that said an average man had a six inch cock. I would look down between my legs and shudder. I was lucky if I had four inches down below. I was always afraid women would make fun of me when I stripped down. In fact, once it did happen that way. 

I was still a virgin when I finally got this girl into my bed. One look at my cock and she started to giggle. I lost whatever hard-on I had. That whole experience made me put off trying to find a woman. I did manage to find a friend, however. After college I found a job. There was a guy working at the same company as me named Rick. We just seemed to hit it off and I soon forgot about all my woman problems.

It wasn't long before Rick invited me over to his place one evening. He said we could drink a few beers and watch the ball game together. It sounded good to me and I sure didn't have any plans that night. When I arrived at Rick's place he met me at the door wearing only a pair of shorts. I didn't want to stare but Rick's bulge was showing. I could see his cock was bigger than mine.

I entered his apartment and Rick told me to sit down as he went and got me a beer. Maybe the alcohol loosened my tongue that evening. Rick was asking me about my personal life. He wanted to know if I was seeing anyone at the moment. I guess my face went flush. I told Rick I wasn't very successful in the love department. 

"I went through the same thing as you, Tom," he told me.

Rick said he had a girlfriend that he thought he was going to marry but it all went south. He found out that she was also sleeping with a friend of his. He said he went a long time without trying to find someone else. After a few more beers, Rick asked if he could tell me something. I told him, sure, he could tell me whatever he wanted.

"I'm attracted to men now, Tom, I hope that doesn't bother you."

I guess I was a little shocked. Rick came across as being this man's man, if you know what I mean. 

"I wanted to tell you that I was attracted to you since you first arrive at work," he said.

My jaw must have dropped. I didn't know what to say to Rick. Rick made it easy for me. He stood up and dropped his shorts to the floor. My eyes went instantly to his cock. Rick had most of his pubic hair shaved down. It actually made his cock look bigger than it already was.

"I want you to stay tonight, will you?"

I really didn't know what to say. I had never given a minutes worth of my time to thinking about other men. 

"I'm going back to my bedroom. If you decide to go I will understand but I hope you will join me."

Just like that, I watched Rick's bare bottom walking away from me. I realized that my cock had been stirring in my pants. To this day I don't know what came over me. I stood up and undressed. I walked down the hallway to Rick's bedroom. Rick was on the bed stroking his dick. He patted the mattress to join him. I went over and got onto the bed with Rick.

Rick reached out and pulled me into his body. The next thing I knew, we were kissing and our bodies were rubbing against each other. I let Rick take the lead. He rolled over onto me. Rick then proceeded to slowly go down my body and kiss me all over. Rick finally got down to my cock. He lifted my dick up and I felt his tongue sliding up and down my rod. It didn't take much of that to get hard. Rick sucked my balls into his mouth and I felt the tip of his tongue flicking up and down my crack.

After all that attention I would have let Rick do anything he wanted. Rick did stop and he reached over to a drawer next to the bed. He found a tube of lube and he applied some of the cream to the tip of his dick. I knew what was coming but it didn't make things any easier. Rick lifted my legs up and I felt his mushroom probing my hole.

"This might hurt a little bit," he told me.

He was right. Rick started to push his thick cock into my bottom. I know I grunted as Rick forced more of his cock into my ass. I am not sure how long it took but Rick finally had his entire length inside me. I could feel his balls resting again my ass. I just tried to breathe deeply as Rick started to plunge inside my belly. Rick took me slow at first. When it seemed like he had stretched me a bit, he went faster and harder.

My legs were soon up on Rick's shoulders. He had me folded back and he drove his hard cock into as deeply possible. My hands were on Rick's chest as he buried his monster prick into my body. In my wildest dreams, I never imagined I would have another man making love to me. Rick was grunting as he pushed his rod into me. Somewhere along the way I remember telling Rick to fuck my ass as hard as he could.

I totally gave into Rick using me as his fuck tool. After some minutes it actually got better. It didn't hurt as much as when Rick first pushed into me. I started to squeeze my ass muscles around Rick's erection. That was when Rick tensed up and he gave me his load of love batter. Rick grunted out loud and I felt the heat of his sticky cream entering my hole. I guess we both just lost it at that moment.

When I look back all I can remember is feeling wads of cum shooting deep into my belly. I wanted everything that Rick could give me. I was craving to be Rick's lover. It took a long time until Rick finally flooded me with his last load of oils. When Rick did pull out I felt his sticky flow running out of my ass and down to the bed. Rick lowered himself and we had one intense kiss.

"Thank you for letting me do that, Tom," he said.

I should have thanked him instead. My ass did feel raw from taking Rick's cock for the first time. I did get up from the bed and I went into the bathroom to get cleaned up. When I got back I didn't stay the night. Tomorrow was another workday. I got home and I wiped myself down once more. I could barely sit down after the fucking Rick gave my ass.

It got to be a regular thing between Rick and myself. You might say I became addicted to another man's cock. We probably should have used protection but I loved feeling Rick's raw cock scraping against my ass muscles. We tried every position known. I would mount Rick and ride him like a horse. Rick also loved taking me when I was on all fours. He said that he loved to be in control that way.

I would lower my face and tilt my ass up. Rick would rub the flat part of his dick across my ass crack. I would eventually beg him to enter me and he would suddenly shove his dick in the whole way. Rick could be an animal when he took me on all fours. He would slam hard into my body. Sometimes he would push me face first onto the bed and drape his chest onto my back.

He would pump me full of his hot flow as I lay face down on the bed. It is nice never having to worry about what anyone thinks of my cock size. Rick says he likes that I have a small cock and a tight ass. I just hope Rick never gets tired of having me as his lover.