 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

A few days later, I got a call asking me to attend for an interview, so I dressed sharply and cropped my hair back to a no1 grade. The job was for a store a few miles from the house, closer to the city, but it was something I was experienced in. I was told that the regional manager was conducting the interviews and he was travelling over especially, so I made sure I was there in plenty of time. I was to be seen in a hotel, rather than at the store itself. After giving my details to the receptionist, I took a seat and waited.

Shortly after, a man came striding across the lobby towards me. He had an air of authority about him and, it must be said, looked damn fine in a suit. He was very broad and tanned, with short dark blonde hair and a handsome face. I put him to be in his early forties. I quickly wondered to myself if I was going to find every man on earth attractive, before he held out his hand. 

"Hello, you must be Smith?" he asked. 

I shook his hand, impressed by his strong grip. "Yes Sir," I replied.

He smiled. "It's ok, you can call me Dan." 

We proceeded into a small room where Dan asked me about my work history and my current situation. He nodded and listened attentively and seemed impressed by what I had to say. He explained that the company had outlets all over the country and said they were looking to open a new store on the West Coast, where he himself had travelled from. Although Cal and I were going great guns, I did say that I was willing to relocate. He told me a bit more about the business and then the interview was over. I asked how many more people he had to see, and he told me that I was the last on the list for that day.

"Now I'm able to find myself some trouble to get into," he winked at me.

I laughed and glanced at his left hand, noting the absence of a wedding band. 

"What kind of trouble did you have in mind?" I asked, flirtatiously.

"I don't know yet. You know this town. What kind of things could be on offer?" he asked, his smile broadening.

'Me' I felt like saying but didn't feel quite brave enough.

Dan started to put his paperwork away and said, "So, Smith, what you got planned for the rest of the day?"

"My time's my own now, got no plans," I replied.

"Ok, well here's an idea. Why don't you come up to my room and have a coffee while I get changed, then you can show me around. I rarely get to see any of the towns I stay in," Dan suggested. 

The only thing I wanted to show him was the one I was sat on, but I nodded and followed him to the elevators and up to the third floor. He let us into his room, took off his jacket and sat on the edge of the bed. 

"The coffee making stuff is over there," he pointed, whilst rolling up his shirtsleeves and loosening his tie. I sat on a chair opposite him.

"I don't really want coffee, but thanks," I said.

He smiled at me. "What would you like, Smith?" he asked, his hand resting in the fork of his crotch. He gave it a brief squeeze and I knew in that instant where the afternoon was headed.

I got up from the chair and knelt in front of him, removing my suit jacket as I did so and flinging it away. Dan grabbed my tie, twisted it in his hand and pulled me towards his crotch and soon my nose was pressed up against the front of his tented trousers. I could smell him through the material, a musky mix of fresh sweat and dick. I took off my shoes and socks, whilst Dan ground himself into my face. I wanted him to reveal what he had down there and wanted it in my mouth.

"You want my cock, don't you, son?" he grumbled.

I moaned. "Yes, Dan," kissing the material that it was encased in.

He tightened his grip on my tie, gently choking the air from my throat. "I want you to call me Dad," he instructed.

"Okay, Dad," I said as best I could.

"Good boy." He pulled me up so that I was standing and groped my prick through my trousers, squeezing my balls tight and making me moan. "Feels like you got a boner there, son," he acknowledged. "You like your nuts being handled, don't you, boy?"

I managed a nod, my head thrown back as I was enjoying the sensation of his big manly hands on my clothed dick.

He slapped my sack lightly. "I didn't hear you, son."

"Yes, Dad," I replied.

He removed his tie and shirt, showing a hairy masculine build underneath a wife-beater vest. His aroma was a mix of aftershave and sweat, fresh in his pits and running down his forehead. He flexed his arms and pulled my head into his armpit, telling me to smell and lick him, which I did. I grabbed for his tit through the vest, pinching his nipple. He slapped me gently across the face. 

"No touching, son, not until I say so," he reprimanded me.

My response was muffled in his pit. "Yes, Dad. I'm sorry, Dad."

He jerked me to my feet and undid my belt, my trousers falling to the floor. My cock was stiff in my shorts, a wet patch blooming at the front, my pre-cum soaking through. I stepped out of them, standing naked on my bottom half before him.

"Fuck, you've got a big cock, son," he said, then leant forward and took the head of my dick into his mouth, cleaning it of any leaked fluid and flicking the end of his tongue on my helmet, poking it in my piss slit. Then he proceeded to take my entire length in his mouth, until his nose was pressed against my pubic hair. My cock swelled in his mouth, as he took my balls in his hand and tugged. I moaned in pleasure, my legs turning to jelly. I'd never had my balls treated roughly before and I really enjoyed the sensation of pleasure and pain combined. Dan's rhythmic suction of my cock increased, and he was really slamming it down his throat. I don't think I'd ever been sucked so greedily and wantonly before.

"Yes, Dad, that's so good," I murmured in encouragement.

Dan stopped sucking me and pulled me down to kiss him on the lips. He poked the inside of my mouth with his tongue and I could taste my cock juices on him. He pulled down his zipper and pulled out a thick, cut dick that was easily seven inches in length and had a great girth. He wasn't wearing any underwear. It jutted out of his fly and Dan pushed my head towards his lap.

"Suck Dad's dick," he instructed me, and I swallowed it in one fluid motion. He grabbed the back of my neck and kept me impaled on his meat as he lifted his butt off the bed to ram it in further. I gagged at the thickness of it, my spit spilling out and bubbling on his zipper. "Yeah, suck my cock, son, suck it right the fuck down."

I breathed through my nostrils as I inhaled his prick. He was pumping my mouth quickly, the pace not letting up. Suddenly, he pushed me away and grabbed me, turning me around and forcing me over so that I was bent over the bed. He slapped my butt and spat on his fingers and inserted them into my hole, widening my cunt. Then with no preamble or warning he shoved his cock inside me and I cried out.

"Shut the fuck up and take Dad's cock," he grunted at me, before thrusting back and forth in a frenzied fuck. His hairy balls were slapping against mine, which were climbing back towards my body, signalling an impending climax. His hands grabbed either side of my upturned ass and he pounded me for all he was worth.

Soon he was panting with exertion and said, "I'm going to shoot in your ass, son," before I felt the pump of his semen inside me. He became still but kept his cock in place as I reached under myself and pumped my cock to a spurting orgasm, which splattered the coverlet of the bed.

He withdrew from me and I collapsed in a heap, half-hanging off the bed, my ass feeling completely reamed out and throbbing. Dan crouched by me and licked the side of my face. "You are one horny piece of ass, Smith."

"Thank you, Dad. You have got an amazing cock," I managed to reply.

We separated then, and he tucked his softening penis back into his suit trousers. I got dressed and sat back on the chair, wincing as my butt made contact. I was going to feel fucked for a long time. 

"It was my pleasure, Smith. And thanks for showing me the sights," he smiled.

Just as I was about to leave, I turned to him and kissed him. "Does this mean I've got the job?" I asked.

Dan winked at me. "It seems like you do, Smith. You certainly passed muster."

I left the hotel feeling so good about myself that I didn't notice the car coming towards me. The driver shouted, and I leapt out of the way just in time, but my feet became tangled together and I fell to the floor, hitting my head on the concrete.

I blacked out and didn't know anymore until I woke up in the hospital.