 It was just three weeks later that I caught the red-eye flight to the West Coast, ready to start the next chapter of my life, having received confirmation of the job I had been awarded after a successful (and very enjoyable) interview. It also coincided with my twentieth birthday, so I celebrated at the house with Cal and my parents, who had made the journey up especially. It was bittersweet; on the one hand I was excited at the new prospect of a life elsewhere, but I would also be leaving behind those that I loved.

My Dad took me aside and handed me a check for $5000, to help me settle in my new place which I would be renting. Mine and Cal's brief relationship had come to its natural end, neither one of us wishing to compromise our positions for it to continue. However, we promised to stay in touch and he would remain my closest friend and mentor. My parents, having learnt of and accepted the fact of my sexuality, were torn between letting their only child cross the entire country to start a new life and deciding that it was probably the best decision for me. 

There were tears at the airport as I said goodbye at the gate, then I boarded the aircraft and took my seat. I was sat at the rear of the plane and there were only a handful of other passengers in front of me. I settled in my seat and soon we were in the skies, most of the other travellers falling asleep as soon as we were up in the air. I was too excited to sleep and tried to read the paperback I had packed for the journey. Eventually, sleep overtook me, and I didn't wake up until the plane touched down in my new home.

The sun was blazing upon my arrival in the city. I caught a cab that dropped me at my new apartment that was being supplied by the company, not far from downtown, and I collapsed into bed and slept for almost fourteen hours.

When I woke up, I perused the welcome pack that Dan, my new boss, had left for me. My official start date was in seven days' time, so I had some opportunity to familiarise myself with my new surroundings. I called my parents and Cal to let them know I had arrived safely, then unpacked my suitcase. The flat was nicely furnished, with all the necessities provided. It was part of a condominium, with a shared swimming pool in an enclosed courtyard and was made up of seven other apartments. After I had a light lunch to quieten my grumbling stomach, I showered and changed into my trunks, taking my book with me to go and sit in the sunshine.

I lay out a towel on a sunbed and stretched myself out, enjoying the warm rays on my skin. By now it was late afternoon and I supposed that the workers would soon be returning home, so I enjoyed the solitude while it lasted. I had managed to devour a few chapters of my paperback before I heard the metal gate to the courtyard creak open, which took me away from the fictional world I was steeped in. I glanced up and saw a very masculine stocky guy, with a shaved bald head and a full facial beard, head towards one of the flats on the ground floor. He was wearing a suit that clung to his thick-set frame, so I presumed he had just finished for the day. He smiled at me briefly, before disappearing into the apartment. 

'If that's the quality of the neighbours, then I'm going be in hog heaven,' I bemusedly thought to myself, before resuming my reading. 

It was a short time later that the stocky guy came back out of his home, this time dressed in a pair of black swim trunks with coloured stripes on the left-hand side. I nearly dropped my book. He was very muscular, with bulging deltoids and a tribal tattoo covering his right arm. I saw the sun glint on something and realised he had his right nipple pierced with a ring. His manly chest and torso were covered with fur and his legs looked well worked-on too, the thighs very thick and shapely.

He tossed down his towel, then dove head-first into the pool. I watched him complete a couple of laps before he climbed out and started towelling himself off. I realised I couldn't stop staring, so I hid my face in my book, sneaking peeks over the top. He lay on the lounger opposite me to dry the rest of his body naturally with the sun. He lay with his legs propped up, slightly apart and I couldn't take my eyes off the mound in his trunks, both front and back. He clearly went to the gym and the results were there for me to lust over.

I realised that my prick was stirring, so I did my best to hide my bulge with the towel I was laying on. I snuck another peek and saw that his hand was resting on his crotch, gently squeezing himself and absent-mindedly adjusting his nut sack. He suddenly raised his head and caught me looking, so I retreated behind my book. After a pause, I looked again, and saw that he was sitting up and smiling at me, white teeth gleaming amidst all that beautifully dark facial hair. He gave me a wink and I returned a smile. He was cruising me, but I felt glued to the spot, unsure of what to do next.

Luckily for me, the decision was taken out of my hands. He stood up off the sunbed, then threw his towel over one shoulder and proceeded to walk in the direction of his apartment. He glanced over his shoulder and gestured with his head for me to follow. I put down my book and got up, making my way over, my eyes on his wide shapely ass, the material of his trunks spread tightly over them. 

He entered his flat and left the door open for me to go inside.

I went in and he was stood just behind the door. He pushed it closed and grabbed me in a strong embrace, his furry lips seeking mine and his tongue edging into my mouth, He broke the kiss and smiled.

"My name's Franco," he said, in a deep growly voice. "And you're just the kind of after-work distraction I was hoping for." 

I leant in to kiss this big bear of a man again, my hands running over the front of his body, over his chest and down to his trunks which were still damp from the pool. He did likewise, with exploratory hands all down my back and over my butt, his fingers finding their way under the band of my trunks to grapple with skin and to prod at my asshole. 

I loved the rough feel of his facial hair on my face and broke the kiss to lick and rub his beard with my mouth. He moved and sat on the bed, legs apart and I dropped to my knees, my lips working their way over his chest and nipples, gently taking the piercing in my teeth and holding it there. He grabbed the back of my head and applied pressure so that my entire face was enveloped in his manly tit. All I could do was inhale his chest hair and nipple, breathing through my nose to take in the scent of his body.

I broke free and continued down his body, over his furry stomach, finally reaching the waistband of his trunks. He had stiffened considerably, and I took the bulge into my mouth, sucking the material, a mixture of man and water from the pool. I pulled his trunks down over the obstruction to free his cock. It was cut, not particularly long but spectacularly thick, with a huge mushroom head which I took into my mouth and started sucking and licking, caressing every ridge and contour with my tongue. I took the length in my throat, my jaw aching to accommodate his girth, until my nose met his pubic hair and then moved my head back and forth, his prick going in and out of my mouth like a rigid piston. 

"Jeez, fuck, you can suck cock," Franco moaned ecstatically, his hands laced together on the back of my neck, holding me in position whilst he fucked my mouth. 

I freed my own dick from my trunks with one hand to give it release from the tightening cloth. He rolled up on his back and I pulled his swimwear away, exposing a hot furry butt with a dark-looking hole and buried my face into his muscled cunt. I lapped at his ring with my tongue, savouring his taste and breathing in the musky scent of him. He held his big legs apart, opening himself wider to my frenzied tongue and I jabbed at his butt with the tip, wanting to get it further inside and eat as much of him as I could.

We switched positions and he pushed me face-down onto the bed and yanked my trunks away from my legs, then buried his hairy face between my ass cheeks, moistening my hole and rubbing his beard over it making it tingle with excitement. I turned around and watched as he spat into his cupped hand and rubbed the end of his cock, before standing up and pressing the huge head against my hole and pushing forward. My ass was initially reluctant to gain him access, but soon he was buried in me to the balls, staying still whilst I got used to the thickness.

"Your cock is so big and thick," I panted, my face buried into the coverlet, my butt impaled on his girth.

"I don't want to hurt you," he said. "Just relax."

I managed a nod, then he slowly withdrew until just the cap of his dick remained inside, before pushing himself back into me until I could feel his bush against my cheeks. He started a rhythmic fucking, slowly at first then gaining speed whilst my ass opened to accommodate him.

He was panting in time to the strokes plunging my insides. "You are so fucking tight. I can feel your butt gripping my dick."

"Fuck me harder, Franco. Make me cum," I responded, my hands scrambling towards my own cock, wanting to pull on it to release the tension that was building in my nuts.

Franco increased his tempo, his stomach slapping against my skin and his balls squashing into mine. I jerked myself, knowing I was close to climax, but not wanting to shoot yet as I was enjoying the feel of his big prick inside me. My asshole was opening wider with each stroke of his throbbing dick.

"I'm going to cum soon," he murmured by my ear, "where do you want it?"

I wanted to taste him, so I replied, "Pull out and shoot in my mouth."

He withdrew, and I turned around, on my knees in front of him as he jerked his meat. His breath became ragged and sweat was running down his face, before he announced his orgasm and filled my mouth with his hot jism. I gobbled it greedily, taking it all down my throat and then I was shooting my wad myself, my spunk flying into the air and covering my stomach and thighs. 

We both lay on the bed afterwards, spent from our exertion. My asshole could tell he'd been up me and was throbbing slightly, seemingly in time to my heartbeat.

"I never did catch your name," Franco said.

I laughed. "It's Smith."

He kissed me and rubbed my crewcut with his hand. "You're a fine-looking young man, Smith. And welcome to the condo."

"Thanks, sexy man," I replied, my head on his chest. "If everyone is as welcoming as you, I think I'm going to enjoy it here."