 This is a true story about my second meet up with the other person involved in the story. He is a personal trainer that I initially met through Craigslist when I first turned 18. We got together then but due to my inexperience, it happened to be an average experience, not terrible but not amazing. We kept in contact afterwards and communicated quite regularly - talk, text, and video - which made us a lot more comfortable with each other as time went on. Fast forward a few months... I've gotten A LOT more physical experience by this point, his physique has improved greatly with all the focus on his new training, we've been talking all day every day for months and by now we know everything about each other and are quite close. This second get together was the first time we've physically met again since our first meeting together. But we went over what we wanted to do when we met up again, fantasies, boundaries, etc. so that we could go straight into an awesome experience and not worry about awkward moments or weird mistakes. What's written below is the story of what happened on our second meet up. The day after, he wanted me to write him an account of what happened the night before from my perspective (he wanted to hear, from the guy he hooked up with, a first person step by step present tense account of what occurred so he could get an idea of what the experience was like for me) - since I enjoy writing, I didn't mind getting a little lengthy.

All in all, everything went absolutely perfect. It was an amazing experience and all our communication and practice leading up to this meet up made it so that everything went totally smooth. We did a lot that night, but it was all part of the plan we had, and I can't complain. (Note: We are both safe and clean, any "risky behavior and thoughts" in the story were all part of the plan to excite things) He loves reading the first person account I wrote for him of what happened that night. Hope you all do too. Let me know what you think and if he and I should play (and I should write about it!) again.

*****

Me: 18 years old, 5'4", 125 lbs, 3.5 inch uncut with lots of foreskin, asian twink boy, slim figure, smooth hairless body, black hair, brown eyes

Him: 26 years old, 6'4", 240 lbs, 9 inch uncut with lots of foreskin, white muscle man, toned bodybuilder figure, moderately hairy body, brown hair, green eyes, medium stubble

I hear a solid knocking at my door. On my way to answer it I already begin to get excited and I open the door immediately. You are standing there in a shirt and loose pants. I forgot how much taller you are than me - by more than a foot. I can see your bulging muscles, clearly defined, even with your shirt on. You are much more fit and manly than I remembered which gets me very hot and excited. I see you have the classic V shape and all your muscles are in perfect proportion now which makes me more impatient to see what they look like without any clothes in the way.

"Come on in," I say. You walk in and, by the way you move, I can tell that there is a lot of power in your body. The way you carry yourself shows that you know what you are doing and what you want and this makes my excitement grow even further. "You look even more amazing now in person," I say, "Much better than what you posted of yourself online." You look at me and say, "Let's see if I can say the same about you. Take off your clothes."

I'm a little caught off guard by the abruptness at first and then I remember it's part of what we talked about. And with the way you say it to me, with such authority and control, it doesn't even make me consider a second thought so I immediately strip down and listen to your instructions. You look me up and down and say, "Young, completely smooth, with a tiny twink dick. Perfect. Let's see if you know what to do with this sexy hairless body of yours."

You look down at your crotch and motion for me to come over and say, "You know what to do." I slowly approach you as I am completely naked while you are still fully clothed. I look up at you while my hand reaches for your belt. I unbuckle your belt and slide your pants down. From the bulge I see through your underwear I know I won't be disappointed. You kick off your pants and shoes but then I stand up and take off your shirt. "Saving the best for last, then?" you say and I smile and nod.

Your body is amazing and your muscles are firm and have grown well. I feel your solid pecs and how sculpted your chest has become. Your biceps have so much form and they swell up when you move your brawny arms. I am so obsessed with how manly your body is and all I can think of is what it's capable of doing to me now. Your powerful hands grip and feel the smoothness of my body as I admire the sculpture that is yours.

You sit down on a nearby chair and you pick me up and set me on your lap. You clearly enjoy running your hands all over my hairless body and feeling how smooth my skin is. One of your large hands grabs one cheek of my bubble butt while your other hand starts to fondle me lower and lower. I remain completely silent as the first of your fingers touches the long overhanging tip of my foreskin. Your other hand keeps exploring the silky soft terrain of my body while your naughty hand starts molesting my tiny uncut twink dick. After this goes on for a few more minutes, you take me off your lap and stand up. I get down on my knees with ever growing excitement. I look up in your eyes for approval and you nod so I grab the waistband of your underwear and slide it off.

The monster that awaits underneath is absolutely huge but I am very happy with what I am seeing. I feel as if it is almost as long as my forearm and just as thick even though it's soft for now. Your large bulbous head is prominent in showing its shape at the tip of your colossal cock even though your foreskin is thick and long and hangs over the head significantly. The veins that run up and down the shaft make your cock even look like it is as muscular as the rest of your body is.

I take your gigantic hunk of fuck meat in my hands and begin jacking the shaft of your long and thick cock up and down with both my hands, rolling the lengthy foreskin back and forth over the head. As it begins to swell up, I cannot believe how much longer and thicker it gets - it reaches a point where I can barely wrap one hand around its shaft. I stand up and look down at my own package and I compare the size of your massively monstrous man meat as it is towers over my petite hairless boy cock. You give me a smirk and ask, "Think you can handle it?" All I can do is nod and hope my eagerness and practice will help me conquer this fleshy beast.

You like that I am taking care of you and your man cock and we move over to the bed and sit down. You lie back and I get on top of you and I frot and rub my little nub alongside your gigantic fuck muscle. I finally get hard but they can't even compare with each other. The comparison looks like a little pinky finger being measured against a robust arm but seeing the huge difference in size makes me realize just how anxious I am to sample this huge cock.

My patience runs out and I let my silky smooth skin caress along your skin as I lower myself to the ground so I am on my knees and face to face with your monster cock. It's hard to be sure where to even begin on this thing. I start by running my tongue all over the soft skin of your bulging ball sac and I watch as you enjoy the tickling sensations. I trace my tongue all the way up its seemingly unending length to twirl it around and all over your gleaming cock head as I orally worship your throbbing example of what real manhood looks like and I make sure to explore deeply in and around between the head and your long foreskin with my tongue as I tease and play with it gently for the longest time to add even more pleasure.

I gradually start to swallow your cock down my tight throat. At first, you see the head disappear and after that I relax my throat and your shaft is engulfed down inch by inch until you are balls deep all the way in my face. I massage the length of your cock by gripping and stroking it with my throat muscles as my one hand gently caresses your balls while my other hand pulls on and plays with my foreskin. You can barely handle anymore of the sheer pleasure I'm causing you so you grab the back of my head and pull my face off of your thick beefy member.

As we both watch this hulking fuck meat slide back out of my narrow throat inch by inch, I feel a warmness trailing and coating the inside lining of every part of my throat that your cock had last occupied. The light begins to glisten, from all the wetness, off the parts of your cock that have escaped my throat. Once the tip of the head leaves the back of my mouth, you watch while I feel as thick powerful white streams of sticky cum continue to ceaselessly shoot out the tip of your head flooding my mouth and spraying my face covering it entirely with your man juice.

You take your hands and close my mouth together, forcing me to swallow all of your juices down. When you let go, it still trickles down my face and jaw and I lap it up eagerly off my lips. I give your wet fleshy member one last slobbering over and lick up all the juices along the shaft and my tongue catches the last drops of cum oozing out the tip of your cock head.

You pull me up off my knees in one swift move and forcefully push me on to my back onto the bed. You immediately dive down, face first, yourself and you take in my little uncut dick and balls in one quick mouthful because my size is absolutely nothing compared to yours and the amount of mouth action I just gave to your love meat. Your thick strong tongue plays with it in every which way and you are able to even wrap your tongue around my tiny package because it is so small, resulting in vibrations of pleasure throughout my body.

From there you work your tongue downwards very slowly all the while teasing my sensitive parts ever so gently until your tongue finds my boy pussy. You feel out the entrance to it with the tip of your tongue and decide its much too tight and that you will do everything you can to relax it and prepare it for your grand entrance. Your hands grab both of my thighs and push them upwards and backwards harshly so my knees are almost touching my shoulders in such a way that it's obvious who is in control.

Now that you've placed me in the prime position, you begin by tracing your tongue gently along the outer ring of my boy pussy. You gradually add more pressure and circle that tongue of yours towards the center as the seconds pass. Now you are not only playfully tonguing the edge of my sensitive boy cunt but you are now ferociously eating me out with such passion that waves of ecstasy reverberate throughout my body. My hands grab the hair on the back of your head and I push it towards me even more causing you to bury your swirling tornado of a tongue even deeper inside me as I moan out loudly and scream your name at the top of my lungs. You give my tight boy twat a few last licks and kisses before seeing that I have opened up enough for you to claim me as your own.

You stand up and push both my legs to the side so that my knees are almost touching my shoulders again and you tell me to hold my legs there. You wipe some of your still warm man juice off the side of my face with one of your fingers and say "Be a good boy. Open your mouth and lick it off" so I open wide and take your thick finger thats even bigger than my puny twink dick when it is hard and suck all your cum juice off of it. You take two fingers and rub more of your cum off my face and as I am about to open wide to expect another treat again, you surprise me and rub it along the gaping entrance of my boy pussy so that you are using your own cum as lubrication to finger me gently and open me up even more while your other hand strokes your monstrous member so it is once again rock hard and erect at full mast.

I tilt my head back, eagerly waiting to feel the first sign of penetration. But next thing I know, I feel your bulbous head circling the entrance to my boy twat and I realize you are guiding your fuck meat in this motion with your hand to tease me and open me up even more. I look back at you and my eyes directly meet yours and I can see how much lust is emanating from your stare. We keep staring into each other's eyes as your cock head continues to circle the entrance to my quivering boy pussy.

You break the smile on your face as you lick your lips and then you ask me, "Is this what you want? Do you want me to be inside you?" I start to moan and push my hips more towards you, but you pull back just a little bit as the words, "Yes, please, I want it so bad. Just fuck me already" escapes from my lips. You keep circling the head of your ginormous cock around the lips of my boy cunt. I can tell how badly you want to put it in me because I can feel the pulse from your cock head reverberating on the lips of my boy twat.

I am so lust struck, that right as I was about to grab your thick cock myself and plunge it in me, you finally give in to the lust and begin to tenderly enter me. As inch by inch of your love muscle penetrates deeper inside me, I feel more and more complete. As the last inch of your meaty cock fills me up, our bodies feel as if they've become one as soon as you are fully balls deep inside of me. By inserting the whole of your manhood within me, you are completely leaned forward with both your arms resting on either side of me as your body hovers over me.

This whole time, we do not break our stare, so that we are still looking directly into each other's eyes. But now because you are so much closer than before, your nose is touching mine and the warm air breathing out hits me on every exhale. My hands are holding on to your arms and I began to feel and admire how firm your arm and back muscles are. We stay in this position for a moment until your face comes even closer and you part my lips with your tongue to reach mine - the same tongues that were exploring each other's bodies not too long ago - so that both our tongues have now begun to play with and explore each other.

Staying in that position for so long, I even forget that you are still fully penetrated inside me until you pull out just a little, taking away some of the pressure that the front of your hips were putting on the inside of my thighs. This brings me back to reality and reminds me that this ginormous fuck muscle of yours is submerged snugly inside my boy pussy. You delicately push back in and repeat the motion continually so that each time you pull out, it comes farther out than the time before it so that the feeling of you pushing back in hits me just as strongly.

This is all done in such a gentle way that each time your man meat enters back inside of me again, the sensation of being fully filled up sends me into a state of overwhelming pleasure. Our tongues do not cease to battle each other in a heated embrace and my hands keep roaming themselves all over your powerful and muscular body while we simultaneously continue our fiercely tender fucking. You hit me in all the right spots and the pleasure I feel is so unexplainable that all I can do is sink my fingers into your back and wrap my legs around you while you thrust in and out.

As we continue to make intensely passionate love, we change from position to position. First, you lock your elbows under my knees and hold my back with your hands to pick me up. Your beefy cock never comes out of me nor does your tongue leave my mouth. You stand up and hold me in your arms and you then thrust me up and down on your man cock. I wrap my hands around the back of your neck and hold you there firmly so I can balance myself as you forcefully bounce me up and down your throbbing manhood at a rapid pace.

You continue to fuck me like this until you turn yourself around and sit down on the bed. You lie back flat and unlock your elbows from the back of my knees so that I am sitting on top of you now, switching to this position without needing to slide your man cock out from inside me. I begin to ride you gently but as I start to pick up the pace, you groan deeply with pleasure. I take this as my cue to begin bucking my hips to a rhythm of lifting myself up and down your brawny monster cock.

Our tongues continue to play with each other until I decide to lean upwards and squat over you with my legs spread out. From this position, I can lift myself up so far that the whole shaft that is your fuck meat slips out of my boy pussy leaving only the head still inside. From here, I slam myself all the way back down your lengthy meat shaft - this gives you immense pleasure from the sheer intensity of me wildly riding your thick fleshy cock and gives me an immense pleasure from feeling empty inside to being completely filled right back up again so quickly and vigorously.

From there, I spin myself around on your cock so that I am reverse cowgirl riding you for a moment while my front faces away from you. While I'm in this position, you pull me back so that my back is laying on your chest, with you still inside me. You flip me to my side and lie down behind me in a spooning position and you continue to fuck me tenderly while being able to wrap your arms around my body and hold me. You are so much bigger than me that you can easily lean your face over to mine while we stay in that position so that our tongues can meet again.

Next, we slowly get up at the same time so we are both on our knees while you are still behind me in a way where your fleshy fuck muscle never slides out from inside of me while we move around. You continue thrusting in and out of my boy pussy as I kneel in front of you. With my body leaned up alongside yours so that my back rests against your chest, I feel your hands gliding all over the front of my hairless body while my hands grab onto the back of your sturdy thighs for support. Your large rugged hands stumble upon my tiny twink dick while you are feeling up and caressing the smoothness of the rest of my body. You begin to fondle its softness as you tease and pull on my long foreskin all the while nibbling the nape of my neck, causing me to spin my head around so that we start tongue fucking each others faces again.

From there you push me forward on the bed so that my hands and knees are propping me up on all fours. You vigorously grab me by my hips and pull me closer towards you so that your massive love muscle remains inside of me as you slide your legs off the bed to stand on the floor. Now that you have started fucking me doggy style, you are unleashing the full extent of your force as you relentlessly pound me from behind. I scream out with pleasure and I arch my back at an even further angle, giving you such a visual treat that it brings you close to the point spraying your load.

You decide that you want to finish up so you pull me back by my hips even more, in a way where my thighs are angled outwards. You wrap your brawny forearms around the back of my thighs and you effortlessly sweep me upwards from behind so that your forearms are locked underneath my knees with my feet dangling in front and my back securely resting against your chest. Your breathing causes your chest to rise and fall and I feel this along with your heartbeat. The warm sweat that seeped out from both of us while we were having steamy raw sex trickles down our bodies and it gets spread all over each other as we continue our fervent fucking.

You grab from below the inner sides of my legs where my knees are bent with your hands so that your wrists are locked right below at the back of both my knees. As I face forward, you pull my thighs apart side to side, one to the left and one to the right, so that my knees point in opposite directions. You sturdily support the weight of my entire body with your powerful forearms propping up my thighs as my back lounges against your chest. You snugly carry me in your muscular arms while my legs are flung wide opened so that my tiny hairless uncut twink dick is proudly displayed as I'm held spread eagled up in the air. This whole time that you're moving us around so we can get comfortable, your muscly man meat is still warmly buried inside of my boy pussy.
