 After disgracing myself with a man of the cloth, I had to find another route to walk the twenty blocks home from the store where I worked, so I didn't have to pass the church and revisit the scene of my most recent indiscretion. Not that I had any regrets about fucking him. It was the first time my cock had been inside another man's ass and I often recalled the delicious sensation when I was alone at night, jerking off under the covers. Father Bowen was certainly a happy memory for me, but I would've been embarrassed going back for a repeat.

It was when I was walking home, about a week after screwing the priest, that my next sexual adventure occurred. When I left the store, it was hot and sunny but dark clouds were gathering in the sky. I had only gotten about three blocks when the sky began to darken, and it started to rain. I was close to the bus station and I picked up my pace, knowing that I could shelter in the small coffee shop until the worst of the weather passed.

I just about made it before the heavens opened and it started to pour, but I still got drenched. I ran to the glass-fronted door to the coffee shop and made my way inside. All the booths and the stools that ran the length of the counter were empty, so I sat down and signalled the waitress, ordering a coffee. I glanced at the menu, in case I was here for a while, but nothing took my fancy. I had a raging appetite these days, but not for food.

"You look like you got caught bad in the storm," the waitress said, placing my drink in front of me.

I nodded. "Yeah, sorry, I'm dripping all over your floor." My hair these days was close-cropped, so the rain was rolling off my head.

She pointed towards the main bus terminal. "There's a restroom in there if you want to dry off. Sorry, but ours is damaged now. I'm telling everyone to go in there."

I glanced over my shoulder. "Yeah, thanks, think I might just towel myself off. Can I leave my drink here?"

The waitress smiled. "Sure thing. If it gets cold, I'll pour you a fresh one when you get back."

"Thanks," I said, and made my way out the door and under the canopy towards the terminal. 

It was busy, and I wasn't familiar with the layout, but I soon found the sign for the restrooms and made my way into the men's. As far as I could see, I was alone, and I made my way to the towel dispenser on the wall which I found, to my annoyance, to be empty. I looked around and went to the cubicles, choosing the middle one out of three. There was plenty of paper in there, so I locked the door and sat on the john, pulling a wad of paper out of the dispenser.

As I dried my hair, I glanced to my left and noticed there was a hole, just below eye- level, cut into the connecting wall to the next cubicle. I was glad I wasn't using the toilet for its proper purpose, as I didn't exactly fancy an audience whilst taking care of business. The wall was decorated in various items of graffiti, on both sides; some funny limericks and some sexually explicit drawings and writing. I wondered if the phone number that accompanied the statement 'FOR A GREAT TIGHT FUCK CALL ALAN" was real. 

I heard the door to the restroom open and close and footsteps approaching. I saw a pair of sneakered shoes stop very briefly in front of the stall I occupied, then continue to my left, enter the cubicle and I heard the door close and the lock engage. I discarded the wet paper I had used to dry myself and tried to keep as quiet as possible. I then saw a foot come under the door and kick the side of my boot gently. I found this strange and looked through the hole.

I saw that the man was standing, and he had unzipped his cock, which he was slowly massaging. It was thick and uncut, the head a bright pink under the fluorescents. My own dick twitched in appreciation and I pulled it out of my overalls. Before I knew it, the man had pushed his cock through the gap in the wall and I reached out for it, feeling the thick shaft and raging head. I dropped to my knees and licked his shaft with the tip of my tongue. His cock responded well, bobbing up and down, so I opened my mouth and slowly swallowing his entire length, until my nose was pressed against the wall and his pubic bush. I bobbed my head up and down, making myself gag slightly in the process as he hit the back of my throat. With all the practice I had had sucking cock so far, my technique had improved greatly, and I felt like I knew what I was doing and what other men liked in a blowjob.

Once his prick was nicely coated in my spit, I began to jerk his shaft, using my mouth and hands together to pleasure his member. He started leaking pre-cum and I sucked it greedily from his piss slit. Nothing beat the taste of another man's load for me and I was hoping to get a good mouthful soon. I was jacking myself in time to my rhythmic motion, working his beautiful piece of meat in my mouth and hand. He began to withdraw his dick from the hole, then thrust it back in so that it went in and out of my dripping mouth. 

It felt so horny not knowing who was on the other side of the wall, and just concentrating on this thick cock that I so wanted to explode in my eager mouth.

I swabbed his cock inside my cheeks, getting it as deep into my throat as possible whilst breathing through my nose. The pace and intensity grew with each trip up and down his organ and I made loud slurping and sucking sounds with my mouth, in between moans of pleasure. His cock was as hard as steel and throbbing; I could feel it trembling. I was hoping he was close to climaxing, as I was not too far off myself. I could hear him moaning and this encouraged me to quicken my rhythm.

His moans grew louder and louder and his pre-cum started to flow more rapidly. I could tell he was about to shoot and I held my mouth open in anticipation. Spurt after spurt of hot cum landed in my mouth and shot down my throat. I was able to gulp most of it down quickly, but some of it filled my cheeks. His cum mixed with my saliva as I licked the tip of his shaft, valiantly swallowing it all down. This led to the explosion of my own orgasm and I shot ropes of thick cum that hit the bottom of the wall and spattered on the floor. I kissed the end of his cock as he withdrew and noticed a final bubble of jism trembling on the head of his cock. I licked this off and made a smacking sound with my lips.

He zipped up and left the cubicle, washing his hands at the faucet. The door to the restroom opened and closed and I was alone once again. I got up off the floor, thought about cleaning up my load from the floor and wall, and smiled. 

'Fuck it, I'll leave it there, so the next guy to use the john knew what had been happening', I thought.

I put my flaccid cock back into my overalls, flushed, then opened the door. I jumped, seeing that stood before me was a cop, arms folded and with a disapproving look on his face.