 Smooth Skater Boys at the Beach

Bret called his new friend Kenny, "Hey I am heading down to the park with my skate board. Why don't you meet me there?"

"Sure. I'll bring some of my panama red pot to smoke," Kenny replied.

"I have some Northern California pot with me too. It is pretty good," Bret had a happy carefree sound to his voice.

Bret looked down hill as he skated toward Baker Park in San Francisco. He felt the wind coarse through his hair and across his smooth bare chest. Bret was slight for his age of 19, and he was thin. He felt this made him perfect for skating. Coming around a curve the sun came full into his beaming face. He grinned and chuckled. It was a perfect day and even better as he had just smoked some pot and brought some more with him to smoke at the beach. He enjoyed the sunny day and blue sky.

Kenny arrived at the park and started looking for Bret. As he skated downhill he could feel the breeze coming through the holes in his blue jean shorts. Like Bret, his blue jean shorts were barely more than a loose loin cloth. He could feel the cool breeze on his exposed ass cheeks and coming in from the side across his balls.

Walking up the sandy beach with skate board tucked under arm they spotted each other.

"Hey what's happening Kenny," Bret greeted cheerfully.

Skateboard underarm, Kenny greeted Bret, "Hey man, it's awesome out here today."

A nice looking Brunette walked past them in a red string bikini with a tan going right down her exposed ass crack. They both looked. "Check that out. Hey let's light up a joint and enjoy the scenery."

"I know a good spot up there off the foot path." Bret pointed up to a sparse cluster of trees with some shrubbery around them. Kenny followed him to the spot. It provided some cover and they could still look out over the beach. It was not totally private but there was a small grassy spot.

They sat on the ground and lit up a joint, grinning and passing it back and forth.

There was not many people on the beach today, not even joggers. All the tourists must have gone somewhere else. The cool wet breeze off the ocean felt good through his hair, enhanced by the sun warming the skin in contrast. Kenny noticed as Bret sat sprawled back on his elbows that he could see the fine blond pubic hairs on Bret's balls exposed from the side. He was fascinated by the sight. They looked soft and wavy and matched the bleached looking fine hair on his stomach.

"Hey let's stash our stuff and go skinny dipping. There is not many people out today." Bret was giggly about it.

"It sounds like fun to me, let's do it," Kenny replied.

They stashed the skate boards under some park brush, and like wise took off their shorts.

Brett saw Kenny's ass crack. "That has to be the smallest, firmest ass crack I have ever seen."

Kenny replied, "Is that pubic hair as soft as it looks?"

"Yes feel it and see," Bret replied almost like a dare.

They were smoking one last joint in the nude in public, before going to the water. Kenny reached down overcome by the temptation and felt of the fine pubic hair in Bret's crotch.

At the same time Bret held Kenny's cute ass cheek in one hand with his index finger all the way to the bottom of the ass crack and finger tip at his anus.

Finishing the joint in this fashion they both grinned and headed to the beach.

It was a warm day but the water was cool and refreshing. There was a nice breeze also. They waded into the water chest deep, and were talking as they went. They stepped onto a hard rocky surface worn smooth by the waves. To keep from falling they wrapped an arm around each others waist. Soon they were holding each other's ass cheeks. This was underwater so anyone who happened to look that way couldn't tell.

Bret squeezed Kenny's ass cheek pulling his ass crack apart. This opened Kenny's ass hole a little and cold water came in giving him a little thrill.

"Oh! That water is cold," he exclaimed, as he pulled on Bret's ass cheek to do the same thing.

"You're not kidding!" Bret said with a laugh.

They turned slightly toward each other and Bret let his hand follow Kenny's stomach to his crotch. "Your pubic hair is soft too." He let his hand drift over and around Kenny's balls fondling all the way down his crotch to his asshole distinctly touching it for a couple minutes.

Kenny did the same as he was fascinated by the feel and the closeness of a friend letting him be so personal. He felt of cock and balls, and let his hand drift back touching Bret's asshole and felt his hand clamped by Bret's ass cheeks. It never occurred to him that he had just given his first time hand job.

It was just a cute and innocent scenario. Most people would say they were twinks. They were uninhibited, playful, laughing.

They played in the water for a while; then swam toward the shore.

"Hey let's go back up and smoke some more pot." Kenny was enjoying the company of Bret.

Daintily they scampered back to their spot, found their skate boards and their pot with their shorts. Standing up they lit a joint and started smoking.

Pointing Kenny said, "You have sparkles of salt water in your pubic hair! Let me look." He grabbed his iphone and took some pictures. He put it on video record and handed it to Bret.

Kenny got on his knees and had a sudden urge to lick the salt water drops. Perhaps it was the pot creating a taste for salt.

Bret toked on the joint and watched his friend lick the salt water from his fine pubic hairs.

Kenny loved the taste and was soon sucking the salt water with desire, from Bret's salty balls. He licked the tuft of hair under the balls. Both balls fit in his mouth and he sucked and massaged them in his mouth, tasting and feeling the skin with his tongue. He licked as far back as he could almost throwing Bret off balance, and then licked up between the balls and around the base of Bret's cock. He savored the salty drops around the base of Bret's cock. Bret's cock had shrunk very small while swimming in the cool water. Kenny sucked the cock fully in his mouth as it was still shriveled. His mouth went all the way to the pubic hair. He made swallowing motions with his throat and was surprised when the shriveled cockhead slipped into his throat. Grabbing Bret's ass he pulled his head on the cock so it stayed at the entrance of his throat until it started getting hard. Holding in place the cock went further into his throat as it got harder.

Bret was taking pictures and video the whole time showing Kenny's mouth all the way down the cock. He got some side views to see the bulge in Kenny's throat growing. It was Kenny's first time doing deep throat.

There was a gleaming drop at the tip. Kenny lavished his tongue around the head and captured the drop. It was a little salty and a bit sweet at the same time. Kenny sucked to try to get more out. After a few minutes, Bret grabbed him by the head and held him as his cock had started to uncontrollably swell and jerk. Kenny felt the throbbing and jerking in his mouth content to be held in place, but then felt big squirts in his mouth. Tasting it he coated the inside of his mouth with the salty goodness, and let some rest on his tongue tasting the chalky saltiness and feeling the slick syrupy substance dripping from the roof of his mouth and into his throat. It was thrilling.

Kenny held Bret by the ass cheek in one hand and massaged his crotch and balls with the other not wanting to let the cock out of his mouth. It was too good. He loved the feel of cock, balls, and pubic hair against his face, lips, and tongue. He loved the soft feel of the cockhead on his lips. He loved the feeling and taste of both balls in his mouth at the same time. It was his first time to swallow cum. Bret got some video of his entire ball sack with both balls in Kenny's mouth with his lips all the way to his groin pubic hair and prostate bulge.

Bret said, "I wish I would have known how good you are."

Kenny replied, "I never knew how good it would be."

They lit another joint and Kenny smoked it while Bret held him by the ass crack.

Kenny handed the iphone to Bret.

Bret said, "Let me try." He got on his knees and the saltwater was still in Kenny's light brown pubic hair. He sucked the salty balls, licking back and then up between the balls. He licked around the base getting all the drops of water. Kenny's cock was hard now, and he licked up the shaft with the broad side of his tongue, tasting the salt water on the exotic smooth skin over the cum vein. He licked up to the head, and sure enough there was a drop of pre-cum waiting for him. He smeared it around the head with his tongue and then sucked it off, dipping his tongue into the pee hole as if searching for more. It didn't take long before he got his goal as soon Kenny was exploding volleys of pent up cum into Bret's mouth. Kenny was rocking his cock in and out at the same time Bret was licking the head slipping the cum around it and trying to suck and swallow some more cum when the cockhead slipped into his throat. Maybe it was because of the pot that excited his taste buds, but the cum was the best thing he had swallowed in days. Bret had a moment of oneness with Kenny. He kept the cock in his throat until it was soft again. The thought that he had just done his first time deep throat blow job did not enter his mind. It was all natural fun. He was tempted to keep sucking it until it got hard again.

Kenny was lying on his stomach smoking another joint.

Bret took some olive oil out he used to lube his skate wheels and squirted some down Kenny's ass crack. The tiny ass crack looked too good to leave alone. So Bret massaged the oil down Kenny's ass crack. It felt good so Kenny didn't mind. They had both touched each other's assholes so it didn't phase Kenny when Bret started massaging the oil into his asshole. Soon his finger was working into it. It felt good. Kenny had never experienced someone fingering his asshole. He had never even heard the term finger fuck.

The more he massaged the harder his cock got. Bret was looking at the cute upturned ass in front of him. He was fascinated by the tightness of the asshole and how it swallowed his finger clamping around it. "Relax," he said as he realized the inner anus muscle was too taunt. Pouring on more oil he continued to lube the asshole until his finger slid in easily and accepted two fingers. He was fascinated that he could manipulate the asshole around. His cock was begging for attention. He watched as some of the oil dripped down Kenny's crotch and balls.

Bret massaged the oil in until all the crotch and ass cheeks were glistening with oil. Bret put some oil on his cock and worked it in with a few strokes. He slid his cock up and down the ass crack. It felt so good it made his cock steel hard. He pressed both warm ass cheeks around it. It was sexy seeing his cock was longer than Kenny's ass crack. He pointed his cock head at Kenny's asshole until it made contact. He gently pushed letting the oil do its work.

As he pushed he saw the asshole open and stretch around his cockhead, and he kept pushing slowly until the head disappeared, and then the shaft started to go in bareback. Kenny was not aware of the progress, but he did feel Bret working his cock in a spiral fashion moving the asshole around. Kenny felt a fullness and finally Bret's pubic hair against his ass crack. This position was held until he relaxed and then Bret slowly withdrew to the head and then pushed back in.

Bret had pushed Kenny's legs out some, and was now pumping in and out a little faster until finally his stomach was making spanking sounds on his ass. Kenny could feel Bret's balls smacking against his crotch. Kenny raised his ass a little, and arched his back.

Kenny flexed his ass tightly. He clamped and clinched his asshole on each stroke in time with Bret's, while Bret flexed his own ass and clinched his cheeks with every stroke. He felt Kenny's asshole squeeze and pull on his cock making it expand harder.

Finally Bret started to clinch his ass tightly and he swept an arm under Kenny to hold him tight grabbing his cockhead, and his other hand went up to grab Kenny by the hair on the back of his head, momentarily also grabbing him by the neck.

Kenny clinched and squeezed his asshole on Bret's cock when he felt it starting to jerk. Kenny had a moment of clarity when he realized he had just had anal the first time and took cum in his ass by Brett. This caused Kenny to ejaculate in Bret's hand.

When he came, Bret leaned up to Kenny's ear and said, "That was good." He continued to hug passionately Kenny in that position until his cock got soft and slid out. He took his hand full of Kenny's cum, and held it to Kenny's mouth who licked most of it up. Bret licked some off his hand, and then massaged the remaining into Kenny's butt skin.

Passionately Kenny got up and pushed his cock into Bret's mouth, "Make it hard again."

Bret eagerly took the cock in mouth and tongued it, teased it, sucking the entire soft cock in his mouth. As he sucked he pulled the cock hard again. For a minute he let his tongue travel down the cock tasting the shaft, and used the broad width of his tongue between Kenny's balls to taste the wrinkly ball sack, sucking the skin in until the wrinkles smoothed out and he had maximum taste. The pubic hair tickled the inside of his mouth with a thrilling feeling.

He licked back up to the top of the cock and gave tongue treatment to the head. Soon Kenny was good and hard again. He turned Bret over onto his hands and knees. Using the olive oil he lubed Bret's asshole and was amazed at the feeling of the asshole tightening on his finger. He could feel the inner and outer anal rings. He massaged the oil into Bret's ass crack, slid his cock up and down it, and then pushed his cockhead on the opening. As it started to open, he pulled out and squirted some more oil directly into the opening, and applied his cock again. It slowly slipped the head in. It was an amazing feeling, both warm and tight. He lasted a while and finally shot his cum deep into Bret's rectum.

This was an anal wake up call for Bret, as he suddenly had more brightness and color to the day, the air had more feeling on his naked skin, and he had a spine tingling up and down his back and down his ass crack. He felt Kenny rubbing his ass crack up and down the tail bone and the sides, and down to the asshole, and fondling the butt cheeks. He felt Kenny's pubic hair against his crotch on each stroke, and his balls slapping against his crotch. They clinched at the same time as Kenny came while hugging Bret tightly.

Patrol officer with a handful

Josie, a female patrol officer was patrolling the trails and the beach. Taking a break, she squatted down near a rock to take a pee. When finished she hadn't pulled her panties back up yet when she saw something that caught her eye. Taking her telephoto camera binoculars out, she took zoomed video and pictures of Bret humping Kenny's tight ass hard. His ass was so firm it wasn't even bouncing. From this angle she could see the shaft of the cock pulling out and plunging in. He had the smallest ass crack, and the firmest butt cheeks she had ever seen. It was an erotic scene. She had nice video of the action.

She sat on the rock with her pants still down and was so turned on, she let her hand travel to her pussy and started pumping and humping her hand. This was the first time she had ever seen a smooth twink in action. It was not long before she pulled her hand up to her mouth dripping with pussy juice. She sucked the juice off passionately.

About this time Ted, another ranger appeared. He said, "I wondered what you were doing, let me have a taste."

Josie plunged her fingers into her pussy again and held them up to his mouth dripping with pussy juice and remaining piss from when she took a pee.

Ted sucked off her fingers clean. "Hmm, that was good." He loved the taste of her pussy juices, and he also tasted the urine that must have clung to her pussy lips. It provided an erotic combination of tastes that turned him on.

Bret Gets a Lift with a Traveling Salesman

They had taken another swim before leaving. Bret and Kenny shook hands and then embraced. The embrace was lingering and became passionate. With reluctance they parted ways.

"See you," Kenny turned and walked toward the road leading to his home.

Skateboard in hand Bret walked up to the street and began skating. Bret had lost track of time and now realized he was late getting back to his folks place north of the Golden Gate Bridge, where he still had room and board.

Bret skated across a gas station area where Carl a traveling salesman saw him and offered a ride to the young man in cut off blue jean shorts. It was getting late and the air was getting a chill to it. "Hi, my name is Carl. If you are going north I could give you a lift, I would enjoy the company."

"I appreciate the ride," replied Bret as he climbed into the car.

As they drove Carl began to chat. He loved talking. When he glanced over he saw Bret's soft light pubic hair through the gap in the side of the loose shorts. He saw the head of Bret's cock lying over and some of the shaft meat. One of the balls was exposed as well. It was a fine looking cock with tender looking skin. Carl did not consider himself gay but he had some experiences in the past with other men and he had nothing against gays or homosexuality. He smelled marijuana. Carl talked about the sights he had seen as a married salesman, and of some of the social events and parties. "I smell a hint of marijuana. It reminds me of some great times I had when I was younger. I still share some once in a while when someone wants to smoke. Do you smoke pot Bret?"

Bret was in good cheer. "Oh yes, I had some this afternoon. I can't think of a better way to enjoy the scenery."

As they drove, his long day started to catch up with Carl. "I should have gotten some coffee back there. I don't think it would help now." A motel came into view. "Bret, let's pull in to the motel here, for a little bit? I need to rest my eyes some, and I have some good Crown Royal we can have on ice. I will pay for the room and cable movies. If you have some marijuana with you, you can smoke some of that."

Carl pulled into the motel and paid for the room though a window. In short order they pulled in front of the room and parked. It was dusk and beginning to get dark. The parking lot lights came on and dimly lit the parameters of the lot. Carl took a couple suit cases, and Bret brought in his skate board. Carl ordered them a dinner of hamburgers and Chinese which was delivered to the door soon as the place was just a couple doors down.

Within a few minutes Maria the maid brought extra towels, and a bucket of ice. She saw Bret sitting on the edge of the bed, and could see his cock and balls from the open gap of his shorts. She had a desire to suck his lovely looking cock.

As they were enjoying the meal and trading party and sex stories, Carl fixed some glasses of Crown Royal with ice. He closed the curtains, locked the door, and turned on the TV monitor and tuned into some sex documentaries. They showed the fun of sex and started talking about how gay sex is safe, only natural, and the benefits of sucking cum. Healthy cum the program said is good for the throat tissue, and has calcium and minerals good for the teeth, and is high in protein.

Bret was not used to having a heavy meal and full stomach. The drink Carl made for him was strong for his lithe body. He was beginning to feel woozy, and his eyes began to feel droopy.

Carl fixed another set of drinks. The drinks were waking him a little. He slipped a dose of meth into Bret's drink. Carl chose a highly erotic channel. Carl said, "I have to get out of these clothes so I don't get them messed up. You don't mind do you?"
