 It turned out that the waitress had grown worried when I didn't return to the coffee shop and she had alerted a passing patrolman in case something had happened to me. He knew what I'd been doing, as the spunky evidence was still running down the wall and glistening on the floor of the cubicle and told me I was lucky not to have been caught in the act. He didn't book me or anything but gave me a very stern warning, and I hot-footed it out of the bus terminal as if my life depended on it. 

For the next week or so, I was constantly looking over my shoulder, scared that the cop would track me down and make trouble for me. God, if my folks ever found out, I'd be mortified. My Pop commented that he had noticed I was jittery of late and asked if there was anything troubling me. I denied it, making an excuse that I was being overworked at the store and that the boss didn't care for me that much. 

"You know, Smith, I'm not surprised you're exhausted," he said to me over breakfast one morning. "You've gone straight from High School to working a forty-hour week. Now, you know your Ma and me are proud of you, son, but have you thought about taking some time to figure out what it is you want to do with your life?"

I shook my head. "No, Pop, I hadn't. I just wanted to get straight to earning, so I could pay my way."

He smiled. "And we appreciate it, but do you really see yourself working in that store for the rest of your life? It's so easy to get trapped, you know."

"I know, Dad. And it's not really what I want to do, but I'm stuck on ideas now. I made my grades, as you know, but I have no idea what I want to do," I replied, relieved that he had instigated this conversation.

"Okay, why don't you go upstate and stay with Uncle Cal for a while? Get some fresh air, clear your head and see if it helps," Dad offered.

And that's what I found myself doing. I gave notice at the store and borrowed my Dad's Caddy convertible to make the drive more tolerable. I had called ahead and asked Uncle Cal if it was okay for me to stay for a couple of weeks. He sounded delighted and said it was fine. Now, Cal wasn't my real Uncle, not by blood anyway. He was an old Army pal of my Dad's and they stayed in touch when they had both finished active service and were close buddies. I had always known him as 'Uncle', however, and was devastated when he had to leave town suddenly ten years ago. I never knew the reason for his sudden departure but, judging from the hushed tones and whispers that passed between my parents when they discussed it at the time, I knew it was an adult secret not to be shared with a nine-year-old. 

The drive was long, but with the top down and my music on, I was pulling into Cal's drive before I knew it. He greeted me at the door with a hug and helped me in with my case. He lived in a split-level ranch house, with high ceilings and huge windows that flooded the place with natural sunlight. Cal showed me to my room and said he was going to fix us both a drink. Out of my window, I could see down to the beach that was maybe three hundred yards from the house. I felt a wave of peace and serenity wash over me. I changed out of my jeans into cargo shorts and made my way down to the kitchen.

Cal was just finishing with the drinks and I saw that he had also changed into shorts and was shirtless. We went and sat out by the pool, in a huge garden with an enclosed patio area. "Thanks, Uncle Cal," I said as he set the drinks down on the table.  

He grinned at me. "Hey Smith, I think you're old enough now to call me just Cal."

"Ok, just Cal," I smiled back and we both laughed.

We sat in comfortable silence for a moment, sipping our drinks. "So, your Dad tells me you've been working flat-out since graduation," Cal said.

I nodded. "Pretty much, yeah. I wanted to get on and do something before I made up my mind what I should do next."

"And have you?" he enquired.

"No, not yet. That was mostly the reason Dad suggested I come stay for a spell," I confirmed.

He looked off into the distance, then reached into his pocket and pulled out a pack of cigarettes, which he offered to me. I took one, seeing as I was an occasional smoker, and he lit them both. We talked about family stuff for a while, even though he must have known most it from the regular phone conversations he had with my Dad. I felt like an adult for the first time in a long while and completely relaxed in his company. I couldn't help but notice that he kept himself in pretty good shape and his arms, chest and torso were thick with muscle and deeply tanned. I knew he worked as a forester now and the exposure to the sun and fresh air obviously agreed with him. I had always looked up to Cal, but it dawned on me that I must have had a crush on him too, before I knew what those kinds of feelings even meant. I examined his chiselled jaw with its coating of dark stubble and his thick forearms and I had to stop myself from staring. It had never really occurred to me just how handsome and sexy he was. Until now.

"See something green, Smith?" Cal asked, breaking me out of my reverie.

To my relief, he said it with a smirk, so I relaxed. "No Unc - sorry, Cal. I was thinking I can't believe it's been ten years since I last saw you." 

He nodded, then seemed to cogitate something. "Yeah, been a long time." He looked directly at me. "I suppose no-one ever told you the truth about why I left?"

I shook my head. "No, it wasn't discussed. Not with me anyhow."

He took another couple of cigarettes from the packet, lit them both and handed one to me. "Well, I guess you're old enough now to know the truth. I just hope you don't feel any differently towards me, Smith." He smiled at me. "Although, reading between the lines, I have an idea that there's more to your Dad's suggestion about you coming to stay than either of you have said."

I was really confused by what he had just said and couldn't think of how to respond so I kept quiet, hoping it would encourage him to continue.

"The thing is, Smith," he continued, "I had to leave to avoid any trouble. Things were a hell of a lot different for me back then. I was confused about a great number of things."

I was beginning to get worried now. "Look, Cal, it doesn't matter to me. I don't give a fuck - sorry, but I really don't need to know."

"I think you do," Cal went on, "and I think that's the real reason you're here with me now." He paused, seeming to gather himself. "You see, Smith, I had to leave because your Mom and Dad found out I was gay."

Of all the things I imagined Cal was going to say, that was not what I expected, not in a million years. I was lost for words, a whole gamut of emotions running through me all at once. It had clearly been difficult for him to say, but it was equally hard and confusing for me to hear.

"H-h-how can that have anything to do with me?" I stammered. 

Cal gave me an exasperated look. "C'mon, Smith, don't act like you don't know what I mean." He reached out and put his hand on my arm. "I've been where you are now, and I know what you're going through."

I stood up abruptly, my chair scraping back. "I'm not doing this, I can't," I said and ran into the house. I got to my room and lay on the bed, face down and put the pillow over my head. Tears poured from my eyes and I was eaten up inside. My stomach was churning and my heart beating a mile a minute. How could Cal know? What the fuck was going on? It was like I'd entered the fucking Twilight Zone or something.

There was a knock at the door then and I heard it open and Cal came into the room. "You okay, Smith? C'mon, talk to me, please."

I didn't respond, thinking that if I opened my mouth either my heart or my guts would come leaping out. The next thing I knew I felt Cal's weight on the bed and his arms encircled me. I froze, not even wanting to acknowledge that he was there. In my ear, he began to speak, "I had to tell you, to be honest with you and let you know you're not alone. See, when your Dad found out about me, he reacted badly, seeing as we were so close. That typical straight man reaction." He gave a short laugh. "I could almost see him working out if I'd ever seen him naked. Plus, with them being so religious, it was difficult for them to accept at first. Which is why I left. But see, Smith, it's better now. We met up and talked and ironed things out. He's cool with it. And he has a feeling you might be the same."

I couldn't believe it. I'd never discussed any kind of sex with my Dad, let alone this, but he knew all along. Is that why he wanted me to go on this vacation? Embarrassment, shame? Could I ever go back home?

"Is he right?" Cal asked me now.

I pulled the pillow from my head and gave a slight nod. Cal's arms grew tighter around me and he kissed the side of my face that wasn't hidden.

"You're not alone. You never were," whispered Cal in my ear.

I began to cry in earnest now, the relief pouring from my body. It's a cliché, but I felt like a weight had been lifted. "How did he know, Cal? I've been hiding it for such a long time. How could he know?"

"I think he always had an idea, Smith. And lately, he's been telling me how distracted and restless you've been," Cal explained. "He called me up, worried sick about you. Then, he kind-of had it confirmed by someone."

I ran through my mind who might have said something. Coach Abraham? No, besides he was married and was eager to keep our affair secret. Father Bowen? Doubtful; he'd have to admit me fucking him and I couldn't see that happening.

"Who?" I managed to ask.

I could hear a smile in Cal's voice as he replied, "The cop at the bus station. He goes to the same church as your parents."

Oh, fuck. The guy who knew I'd been smoking dick through a glory hole. I cried more then, until I thought I had no tears left and I knew nothing until the next morning.

I woke up completely refreshed, the emotional trauma of the previous day pretty much forgotten. I yawned and stretched, used the bathroom and had a quick shower, changing into running shorts and a t-shirt. The house was quiet; Cal probably out walking somewhere. I knew he had the day off, as had mentioned going for a drive around the local area to show me where everything was. I dried off and made my way down to the kitchen for a glass of juice.

The sun was shining through the glass doors at the bottom of the kitchen, those that led out to the secluded patio area where Cal and I had sat yesterday. I drank my juice, then stepped out onto the patio. I looked to my right and saw Cal stood there, hands above his head in a stretch, looking out towards the distance and his semi-erect cock standing in front of him. I took in his thick and hairy shapely legs, up to his round bubble butt.

He suddenly looked around at me and I spun around and walked bang into the patio door that had slid shut behind me. My nose exploded in pain and blood and I dropped to the floor, disorientated. 

Cal rushed to my side, having pulled a towel from the chair and held it to my gushing nose. "You okay, Smith?"

I nodded, more embarrassed than in any real pain. "Yeah, sorry, guess I should've let you know I was there."

Cal smiled. "Don't worry about it. I'm in the habit of walking around nude. Guess I forgot you were here for a minute."

"It's ok. It's your house, after all." He was crouched close to me, his dick still pretty hard and I reached out for it, holding it in my fist. "You should never apologise for showing this beauty off." It must've been the bang on the head that made me lose my inhibitions. That and the fact that, naked, he was possibly one of the sexiest men I had ever seen.

He looked into my eyes. "Smith, if I'm honest, I've wanted you from the moment you walked in yesterday, but is it a good idea?"

I nodded. "I can't think of anything better. My Dad sent me to you for a reason. Probably not for what's going through my mind right now, but I know I want you Cal."

He took the towel away from my face, my nose having stopped bleeding, and leant in to kiss me. My hand still had a hold of his shaft and I massaged it gently as we kissed, our tongues urgently exploring each other's mouths. He helped me to my feet and picked me up, carrying me in his arms through to his bedroom and onto the bed, where we continued our passionate kissing. Cal lay atop me, rubbing his hard member between my legs. My own cock was responding in kind and he slipped my shorts down.

"Oh, yeah, that's one big fucker," he said before taking me in his mouth in one fluid movement. 

As he sucked me down to the balls, I ran my hands through his hair, pulling his head up and thrusting my dick into his mouth. I wanted him to swallow every inch of my throbbing meat. He moaned in appreciation of my rough treatment of his hair and slid his hand up my smooth, but tightly muscled torso to tweak and pull on my nipples. This has always driven me crazy and I fucked his face harder and increased the tempo. His spit was covering my cock and dripping onto my nuts.

Cal let my dick plop out of his mouth and climbed back on top of me, his mouth finding mine and I could taste myself on his breath. We rolled, so that I was now on top and I kissed his chest, working my way down past his navel to where his pubic hair started and to that awaiting treasure. He moaned as I licked the head and ran my tongue the length of his shaft, making his ball sack twitch with excitement. The head felt so big in my mouth and was leaking a copious amount of pre-cum, which I greedily gobbled down, tasting the saltiness of his seed. 

After a few minutes, he instructed me to lie on my stomach and climbed astride me, his cock prodding between my butt cheeks. He kissed the back of my neck and chewed on my earlobes and I moaned in ecstasy. It was as if he knew where all the sensitive parts of my body were. He moved his way down my back with his mouth until he faced my ass. He bit each cheek gently, then opened my crack with his nose and began to lick my butthole. His tongue worked me open, making me as moist as an excited woman. No-one had ever licked me there and the sensation was amazing, the mixture of stubble and spit really turning me on. He pulled my cheeks wider apart to expose my moistened cunt and spat on the hole, then rubbed it in with the tip of his tongue.

"I really want to fuck you, Smith," came the muffled statement, as he was still eating my butt.

"I'm a virgin Cal," I said, not sure why but I wanted him to know, so that he'd be gentle.

"I'll take it steady, don't worry," he replied, and I felt him move and then the tip of his cock was pressed against my asshole. He pushed forward, opening me gently, then withdrew and spat in the palm of his hand. He rubbed the spit where it needed to be, then pushed forward once again. "Relax, Smith, open up and let me inside you."

I bit down on my forearm, not wanting to yell out, and his head pushed through my tight intact muscle. I moaned, enjoying the burning sensation as he pushed further still, until I thought I couldn't take anymore. Cal stopped and let me get used to his size, the invasion of my ass with his spear. Then he slowly withdrew until just the head remained inside me. 

"Now, I'm going to go all the way in, Smith," he explained, and I nodded, still biting my arm.

He thrust forward, and my cunt widened to let give him access and I knew he was all the way in, as I could feel the tickle of his pubic hair on my butt.

"Oh yes, that feels so good. Fuck me, please, fuck me good," I said, practically begging. 

I had dreamed of this moment for so long and I couldn't be happier that Cal was my first.

At first, Cal was gentle and fucked me slowly, then increased the pace until he was slamming into me, his cock pressing my prostate and making me want to shoot my load, but he had pinned my arms above my head, so I couldn't touch myself. 

"Smith, you're so fucking tight, boy," Cal exclaimed, then I felt his prick pulsate as he pumped his semen deep inside me. 

He collapsed onto me and lay there, panting and I felt the heat and stickiness of his sweating body. Eventually he softened, and his cock fell out of me and I felt some of his cum trickle out of my fuck hole and run down the fork of my crotch. 

Cal allowed me to turn over and I instantly made a grab for my dick, wanting to pull myself off to orgasm. He inserted a finger into me and frigged my semen-filled hole as I jerked my cock. Soon, I felt my climax building and I shouted out, just as my prick started spewing out my load, covering my stomach and chest. My asshole twitched in time with my orgasm and I felt it tighten around Cal's finger.

"That was fucking great," I said, once the ability to speak returned.

I laughed, so happy in that moment, my body used up and spent with the exertion of losing my anal cherry. It wasn't long before Cal was ready to go again and I, of course, let him. 

When we'd finished screwing, we smoked and talked about my plans. I mentioned my idea of setting down roots and he was open to the idea, if I cleared it with Mom and Dad. I rang them the next morning and told them and they seemed happy. After all, it wasn't as if I had run away to be with a stranger. Granted, they didn't know the true nature of our relationship, but I guessed that eventually they would find out.

Then I got on to the business of finding myself a job. As accommodating as Cal was, I didn't want to live there for free. There were a few possibilities in the classifieds and I made my applications, keeping my fingers crossed that I would hear something soon.