 Unlike most people, I don't have fantasies about having sex in a plane during a cross-country flight, I have never imagined doing the deed at a ballpark in an empty section during a baseball game and I never tried to get it on during a movie. I had some friends who once had sex at the theater. He said he fingered her in the back row during a movie that was half full. For me having sex in a theater is crazy and too risky but before last week you would have never convinced me that I would have the most incredible sexual experience in a darkened movie theater or who I would do it with. 

Its never been hard for me to have sex. At 26 years old, I am probably considered attractive by most women. I'm 5'9" and very fit at 168 lbs. I have dark brown hair and green eyes. Although I have never been married, I have had my fair share of girlfriends and lovers. I must be good in bed because not only have I never had any complaints but I have had many women I broke up with look me up months later for some friends with benefits sex. I'm not huge or anything, around 6" but I can get it up with ease and I think I have pretty good technique but I now I know what a real sex stud is all about and what a really impressive cock can do to a person.

My story begins last Monday, when I got to work my supervisor informed me that our computer system crashed the night before and our IT department had been working on the system all day. By 11:00 o'clock it was determined that the day was a wash and we were sent home with pay. I wasn't sure what to do with my day but decided to check out a movie that I wanted to see. It had been out for a while but because of my hectic schedule I hadn't been able to go see it.

Still dressed in my work pants, dress shoes, long sleeve dress shirt and wearing a tie, I walked up the theater box office and quickly noticed how quiet it was with no body around. "Kinnda dead huh buddy?" I asked the kid working the ticket booth.

"Yeah, Mondays are usually slow here this time of year." He explained. 

I asked if the film I wanted to see was still playing and he told me it was but in one of the smaller theaters. I got a ticket and picked up some popcorn and a drink from the concession stand. I figured since it had been playing for a few weeks, the theater wouldn't be crowded but I was shocked to see nobody in the theater. I thought I was early but my watch said it was going to start in five minutes. I sat in the dead center of the theater that held around 200 people and ate my popcorn, waiting for the film to start. This was the first time to watch a movie in a public theater all by myself. 

The theater dimmed and the previews began. It was then that another person walked into the theater and I thought "Well, there goes my private show." He took a seat in the row in front of me and a couple of seats from my left. I thought it was odd because he wore a hoodie and was wearing sunglasses. I actually wondered if I was safe, he seemed strangely dressed for a movie. I couldn't make him out too well. I was sure it was a guy and I thought he looked young, maybe a couple of years younger than me but I couldn't make out his hair color or much in facial features, except he looked clean shaven. As the previews showed I started to settle down because he appeared to just sit there quietly and not move. By the time the previews were over I had gone through my popcorn and set the bag on the floor and readied myself to watch the film. The theater got dark and the film started. In the opening scene there was a funny joke and I laughed out loud. Within seconds, the stranger stood up and I watched him head to the isle. I was confused and concerned, was he bothered by my outburst or just not liking his seat? I realized he went up the steps and was taking the row behind me and sat a couple of seats to my right. 

Now I was really nervous and self-conscience of his presence. His appearance and changing seats really bothered me. I can usually handle myself, but I wondered if he had a gun or a knife, if he was dangerous or I was just being silly. The beginning credits to the film started and I acted like I was rubbing my chin on my shoulder and peered behind me. I could see the stranger sitting there still wearing sunglasses and with his hoodie pulled over his head. He looked so fucking ominous and I still couldn't make out any of his features except he was tall, a little over 6 foot and slim built. He was quiet and I once again simply tried to concentrate on the film.

It was only a couple of minutes and I heard a strange sound coming from behind me, I once again tried to fake the wipe of my chin on my shoulder to take a look. I glanced and turned forward again. But what I saw shocked me. Was he? It looked like he was... No, it couldn't be what I thought I saw. It was unmistakable but it was too crazy of an image. Surely my eyes were playing tricks. The theater and the scene on the movie were dark so I might have mistaken what I thought I saw. I had to look again, I had to risk him noticing me looking behind. There was no way I saw what I thought I saw. I turned again.

This time the image was unmistakable, the theater lit up and I even was frozen for a few seconds. The guy was stroking his cock!! I turned my head back in shock. I didn't know how to react; to laugh, to be insulted or to leave. As I pondered my next move, I realized something else that was starting to register in my mind. The guy had a pretty big cock. I hadn't seen many dicks in real life, only in locker rooms at the gym but never an erect cock but his was definitely hard and looked to be around 9" if I was to guess. Now I wanted to look again. I wanted to see if it was as big as it looked. My fear turned into curiosity and I once again looked behind. 

Wow, it was big. He had his pants on and opened at the zipper with his cock and balls out. His nuts looked very large as well but that cock was just sticking up in the air, probably an impressive 9 inches in length. The stranger was simply stoking it slow and steady; it was hard to see what he was looking at. I couldn't even tell if his eyes were open but he had a methodical, blank look on his face. He wasn't making any noise and his only movement was his arm and hand slowly giving that big cock a stroke. He was sitting up with his legs slightly opened, he looked comfortable and relaxed just jacking on that dick.

I realized I was probably staring for over ten to 15 seconds and I spun back forward. "Ok, now what do I do." I said to myself. I felt...nervous, but I couldn't get a feel of my emotions and understand what I was nervous about. I thought if I could shame this dude and get him to stop and leave, I could put this all behind me and enjoy the film. 

"You know you could get in serious trouble if they catch you." I said out loud. I felt dumb saying it out loud, especially when I turned back again and saw he was still going at it, unfazed with my warning. 

It felt silly saying that, I felt even more ridiculous with what came out of my mouth next. "Hey dude, if you don't stop, I'm going to get management." Again, I look back and he wasn't fazed, he simply sat there and slowly stroked that big dick. 

I wanted to get mad but my heart didn't really feel it but I said out loud, "Look dude, I'm not gay, so if your trying to impress me, it ain't working." I figured that would stop him and this time I turned completely around. He was still going at it, staring forward and stroking. "Hey, hey. You hear me. I'm trying to watch a movie here. You wanna jack off, go do that somewhere else?" Nothing I say will phase him. He simply sits there and slowly, purposely jacks off that impressive cock. 

I walk down the isle as I say out loud, "Hey man, you looking for trouble?" I try to sound tough and menacing. As I walk to the aisle his is on and approach him, I say "Man I have had about enough of this shit." I am now standing a couple of feet from him. He won't stop and he won't look up at me. 

"You think your something special because you have a big dick man? Is that it?" For the first time he reacts and stops his jacking. He simply sits there with both arms sitting on the arm rests of the theater seat, staring ahead. His cock just sticking up, throbbing, as the film is running with the light from the screen the only illumination. It is enough to clearly make out what I have been secretly admiring from afar. It is straight without a bit of a curve in his shaft and looks veiny. He is circumcised with a large head and his balls look smooth and shaved. They complete his package perfectly and are the only thing sticking out of his unzipped pants. Now that I am standing there, just a couple of feet away I can ascertain that it is in fact 9 inches long and as thick as cucumber. I have to admit to myself that at that moment, I am filled with envy, jealously, excitement and arousal. But I am defiant of my emotions when I say to him, "What you want me to touch it? I'm not going to touch it, man."

The stranger just sits there, he doesn't say a word, doesn't move a finger but his cock does all of the speaking for him by just standing erect and pulsating, hard as a rock. "Hey man, didn't you hear me? I'm not gay. I don't do guys and if I was, they would be sucking me, I don't suck on guys no matter how big they are." I want to walk away but I find myself fighting a battle in my mind and I succumb to my inner instinct, "I bet this isn't even real dude." I say as I bend down and grasp his cock. I am trying to play incredulous without admitting I want to touch it but now its in my hands. "Oh wow... it is real." I say stunned. 

"Dude, this can't be real." I slide my hand up and then down, as steely hard as he is, the skin on his shaft is baby soft and smooth. I can feel his large veins running down his cock. "Jesus, I thought I can pop a hard on, but this is unreal." Even though I am now complementing his meat and stroking it, he remains quiet and stoic. "Ok dude, I am impressed but the show is over, huh? Why don't you just put it up and finish it up at home. You showed it to a stranger and you impressed me. I admit, its bigger than mine but I am not going to suck it dude." I keep denying my urge because I am afraid to succumb to the impulse that has hit me for several minutes. I have never had a desire to touch a man sexually but right now I know all I want to do is suck this magnificent cock in my hand. 

"Hey man, say something." I plead him. 

"You know what you want to do." He says is a soft deep voice. I am stunned by his words and his voice. They chill me and ignite a fire deep in the pit of my stomach. I keep trying to deny my urge and convince myself that I really don't want to give this guy head but I bend over and put the head in my mouth. I have to open my mouth pretty wide to get it between my lips. It's the first cock I have ever had in my mouth and I have to admit to myself that its tasty and makes my mouth water. I slide down deeper on it; I get at least half of it in my mouth when I cough and sputter having something that deep in my mouth. I come up for some air and again go down deep on his hard dick. Its one thing to suck on your first cock, its another to suck on a cock that is obviously bigger than your own but to take a cock like this stranger's is a defining moment when its your first one. I realize that my mouth was so wet that I have coated the portion of his cock I could get in my mouth with my saliva and I then begin to lick it up and down spreading my saliva all over his cock. I think it was here that I snapped into reality that I was not only giving head to a guy but that we were in a public theater and we could be caught. The sudden realization hit me and I pulled away quickly and stood up. I looked around to see if we were already caught and started to walk away. "I'm sorry dude, I can't do this." I said as I reached the end of the aisle. 

I looked back at the stranger, I figured he would be sticking his cock back into his pants to give up but he just sat there and went back to stroking his cock, wet with my saliva. I took a couple of steps down and turned again. Damn his cock looked good from so far away, almost as good as it looked inches away. I wanted him to invite me back but he remained mute. "You know what you want to do." His voice hung in my head. The words stung with truth even more now as they did when he first said them. I looked at the exit, I could have just walked away and never thought of this day again or I could regret not doing what I really wanted to do. Why didn't he give up and walk away? Why didn't he put away that incredible cock? Why did he insist in haunting me with enticement? Worst of all, why wasn't I up there finishing what I stated?

I walked back up the steps, down the aisle and next to the stranger. "You will let me know if someone comes in, right?" I ask. He simply nodded yes, it felt like the assurance I needed to continue. I kneeled in front of him as he opened his legs to help me get closer to what we both wanted. I took his cock from his hand and began to stroke it. "You know, this is the first cock I have ever sucked." I think I wanted to tell him this in case I wasn't that good. He went back to his stoned faced non-responsive reactions that drove me crazy in both a good and bad way. I wish I could get a read of the guy, but it was also fucking sexy at the same time. Again, in my hands I looked his cock over from this new angle and closeness. "Do you get many guys to suck it?" I asked. No response again, just a blank look behind dark glasses and a face mostly hidden behind the ominous hoodie. For my own comfort, I looked behind to see that we were all alone and no one coming in. I turned and went back to sucking his cock. 

Although it was in my mouth a few minutes ago, it was still exciting and stunning to have his cock in my mouth. I can't tell you how I have honestly never imagined sucking a cock before this day but how much I wanted to suck it at that moment. I again took it deep in my mouth and once again it tickled the back of my throat, making me cough. The stranger spread his arms out on the seats to his left and right and threw his head back a little as I sucked up and down his cock. "You really have a beautiful cock." I tell him. Of course, the bastard couldn't even say thank you as he just sat there, but I wasn't afraid to talk. Actually, I was compelled to talk although I can't say I was much of a talker in bed before. I really think it was the power his manhood had over me. "God, I wish I could get more in my mouth." I said out loud. Suddenly the stranger took his hand and grabbed the back of my head forcing me deeper. "No, no..." I said coughing. "Its too big, I can't..." I tried to say with a mouthful of dick. I tried to grab his wrist but he was strong, again I coughed. I continued to plead with his to give up on the grip on my head and suddenly I realized it was past my tonsils and down my throat. I had a girlfriend who used to deepthoat me often but I never imagined I would ever be the one doing it and to a cock this long to boot. 

I pulled it out enough to take in some air and went back down, his cock was easily long enough to pass my gullet, with the head hitting deep in my throat. It was an impressive enough cock but when I realized how much of it I could suck, the size became even more remarkable. He released the back of my head and I came up off of it. "Oh my God...that's incredible. Has anyone ever gone down on it that deep?" When was I going to learn to stop asking him questions? Never less, I put my mouth on it again and went deep again. It hit me that the girl's name was Sylvia who used to deeptroat me and I started to remember all of the chicks that sucked my cock so good. I wanted to replicate some of the best blowjobs I had ever gotten. After a few more times down my throat like Sylvia, I began to kiss and lick the length of the stranger's cock like Debbie used to. She would run her tongue up and down and kiss my cock deeply, almost like she was trying to give it a hickey. I performed the same licks and kisses on his massive dick. Then I remembered how Shari used to lick and suck my head while she jacked me off. Of course, the stranger had a much larger cock head and so much dick to jack. I'm certain Shari would have had the time of her life doing that to this cock like I was. Phyliss's special technique was to jack my cock while she licked and sucked on my balls. Once again, the size of the stranger's dick made it that much more fun than Phyliss probably had with mine but I had been dying to suck on his since I started this and now I was. 

I had to have been on my knees for about thirty minutes when suddenly it hit me; what if he cums in my mouth? I really hadn't thought about that until I realized how long I had been going down on him. But I think it was the realization that I WANTED him to cum in my mouth. "Are you ready to cum?" I asked him leadingly. "Its ok if your ready to." The stranger sat quietly. "Come on man, don't you wanna blow?" I know I sounded anxious, but I started to picture what this awesome cock must look like letting go of some serious ropes of cum. "Please cum man, I want you to cum in my mouth." The stranger simply picked up his hand and pointed down behind me. I looked back. "I don't understand." I told him. He again pointed, his finger was directed down and behind where I was kneeling. "I don't...oh wait. You don't mean?" As he continued to sit there like a statue, it dawned on me what he was pointing at, my ass. "Oh man, I can't. I have never..." The thought of this big cock fucking me was just too daunting and intimidating, it was also way too risky in the theater. I took a mouthful of his cock and began to suck it with vigor.

I thought if I can just make him cum with my mouth, he would forget this crazy ideal of fucking me. I sucked his cock with purpose and obsession, I had to make him cum. Up and down I went with my mouth with speed and fury, saliva was spilling out of my mouth and all over his cock. I whimpered and moaned as I ravished his boner trying my damnedest to get this guy off. I looked up to see if I could get any reaction from him, the mother fucker was just as emotionless as ever. I turned it up a notch faster and sucked harder. "CUM GOD DAMMIT CUM!!" I thought to myself. I know my sucking was loud, as loud as my moaning from a combination of frustration, sheer excitement (it was fun sucking him this way) and fear of what I knew was going to end up happening. I continued this for nearly ten minutes until I pulled away, exhausted and defeated. His cock beat me again, just like it has defeated me in every way for the past forty five minutes. Even if I couldn't get him to blow a load in my mouth, the fact that I couldn't even get him to moan or make any audible noise just told me that he was a tough nut to crack. "Ok, ok." I said in defeat. "Anything you want." 

The stranger pulled me up to my feet in front of him as he sat. He undid my pants and slid them and my underwear to my knees. The boner that I had for the past hour shot out and I wondered if he liked what he saw. I even wondered if he was going to suck me. He reached into the pocket of his hoodie and took out some sort of bottle, it must have been KY jelly because he put a huge glob of it on his finger and reached around to lubricate my ass. It was cold and slick; he was quite adept at quickly lubing my asshole. His fingers slid inside me and coated all around. He then poured a good amount all over his head and worked it all over, coating his cock with the ointment. He undid his pants and slid them down a touch exposing his hips. He simply gave me a come-hither motion with his finger and I climbed on the seat on top of him, with my knees braced on the theater seats on each side of him. 

He reached around and grabbed his cock, readying it. As I bent my knees and positioned myself, I felt an incredulous recognition of what was happening and what I was about to do, in a public theater to boot. I could feel his huge head pushing between my ass cheeks as he lined it up to my ass hole. I looked down to see if I could see an expression on his face, but he was as steady as ever. I know I had a look of fear and intimidation, but I couldn't deny, I was also excited and filled with anticipation. "Oh, my God! Oh, my God!" I squealed as his giant head slid into my anus. He did a fantastic job lubing his cock and my asshole because it really slid in much easier than I thought it would. His head was in as I grabbed the back of the seats to our left and right to steady myself. I eased down as he moved his hips making his cock slide in and out. Every new inch he hit was like a new and incredible sensation. One inch, two inches and then three, we both took our time making that massive schlong tunnel deeper in me. I moaned loudly as it continued to work up inside me. "Fuck, your cock is so big!" 
