 Part 2 (Blatant Sex)...

It had been 3 months since Dabnis & I had started fucking around. It seemed like the sessions were more intense than ever, since my brother, Marquis, was about to be deplored from Iraq . My condo was pretty big, so I told Quis that it was cool if he crashed with me for a little while. Dab & I had to keep it cool, because we didn't want my brother to catch onto what was going on. 

Things couldn't have been going better between the 3 of us. We were all getting along, and I was sneaking with Dab on the low. Going behind my brother's back was kinda hot. No wonder people like fucking around on the DL. It seems like everything that you share with that other person is better because it's something just between the 2 of you. I tried to fight it, but I couldn't help it. I was falling for my brother's best friend hard. 

There wasn't a moment that Dab didn't cross my mind. We had been fuck buddies long enough. I wanted to take this to another level. One night, I was sneaking to Dab's room for another good session, when I heard noises coming from Marquis' room. Fortunately, the door was slightly open, so I could get a glimpse at what was going on. It was Quise & Dabnis fucking! 

Quise was face down, ass up. Dab was eating the fuck out of his ass. Then, Dab slowly slid his dick in. The head board shook as Quise threw it back, matching every stroke that was given to him.

Tears welled up in my eyes as I saw the nigga that I wanted to give my all to, fucking my brother. Pain mixed with horniness filled me up. Rage came over me as I ignored my throbbing, hard dick. I couldn't believe that this shit was happening.

"You like daddy's dick, don't you?"

"Ooh, shit, yes..."

"Yes, what?"

"Yes, daddy!!"

Dabnis laid on his back and Quis straddled him. My brother bounced up & down on Dab's dick with ease. For some reason, I couldn't tear myself away from watching the 2 of them fuck. It was like watching a train wreck. Not wanting to, but still doing it.

What was it that my brother had that I didn't? If Dab wanted ass, he could have gotten it from me. Was this a casual fuck? Were they in love? It was driving me crazy not knowing what the 2 of them actually meant to each other. 

Dab held Quis by the throat and pounded into him. He moaned like a little bitch as his guts were being beaten in. Ecstasy washed over Dab as he shot a fat nut deep inside Marquis. Quis laid on his back and came from getting a hella head job from Dab. 

After they were finished, I sulked back to my room quietly. Everything was so fucked up. I didn't know whether to cry or beat the shit out of the both of them. I sat in my bed, and then drifted off to sleep. 

About an hour later, I woke up to Dab giving me head. I should have pushed that nigga up off me, but I couldn't. I had to have him near me. I put my hands on the back of head and let him wet my dick up. I reached around and played with his sensitive hole, which was nice and juicy. 

After sliding a jimmy on, I grabbed that bitch by the neck and held him down. Without warning, I filled his ass up with my lead. Dab's eyes rolled in the back of his head as I tried to rip him a new asshole. My emotions got the better of me, and I banged that nigga down. He pleaded with me to stop, but I ignored him. He had to feel me. He had to know who he was fucking with. I held back my nut as long as I could, then finally pulled out and shot 5 thick strands of cum in his mouth. Dab was too numb too really move, so he rolled over and went to sleep.

When morning came, Dabnis was still asleep, so I checked to see if Marquis was still in his room. He had left early for a jog. This gave me time to confront Dab about what happened last night.

"Wassup with you & my brother?"

"What you mean?"

"Don't play dumb with me. I saw ya'll fucking last night. Then, you bring you're hoe ass in here and fuck me."

"I guess there wasn't a problem since I still got some dick from you."

"What's your deal, man? Are you & Quis together or something?"

"No. We just fucking, just like you & me. He supplies me some ass, while you give me the dick. It's a win/win situation for all of us."

"So, I'm supposed to keep my mouth shut and let you continue to fuck me & my brother?"

"That would be nice. This arrangement we got is cool. Just in-house fucking all around. Come on, Taye. You know that the shit is hot. It turns you on to be sharing me with your brother, doesn't it?"

"Hell, no!"

"Whatever, dude. It's not like I'm double crossing you. This ass is only reserved for you, while this dick is only for Quis. We're all getting what we want, so quit tripping."

I admit, it did kinda turn me on to know that my brother & I were fucking the same dude. I didn't wanna lose Dab, so I agreed to the arrangement. What he said next through me for a loop. He wanted a 3-way relationship with me and my brother. What would Quis say? Shit only gets better from there...