 Doorbell.

I slid the chain off my door, clicked open the deadbolt, and opened my door. My jaw nearly dropped to the floor.

A handsome hunk of a man stood on my welcome mat. His shoulders and biceps and pecs bulged under his t-shirt, straining at the seams. A thick fuzz of hair traveled along his bulging forearms to his giant, veiny hands, his thumbs in the pockets of his jeans that fit as if molded to him.

I looked down at my phone and stammered. "A—are you ShaftFinder6969?"

He chuckled, a deep rumble of laughter. God, his stubbled chiseled face and thick mane of hair... every part of him was incredibly sexy. I was already hard. And wet.

"That's me," his voice boomed out. "But you can call me Scott. And you must be Tommy87."

Damn! I knew from experience that dating apps rarely looked like they did in their profiles, but I hadn't been expecting ShaftFinder6969—Scott, his name is Scott, I reminded myself—to be hotter in person! Just the opposite, actually.

"Yep—obviously, I'm Tommy." I swung open my door wide open. "Well, come on in."

As I led Scott into my apartment, I saw him staring at my ass out of the corner of my eye. I blushed, flattered.

"Okay, here's the couch," I said. "Want a glass of water?"

"Please," he said with an easy smile. He sat on the couch as if it was his own. God, I loved everything about this guy.

When I came back with the glasses of water, Scott had rolled up his sleeves, his giant hairy forearms propped on his knees. I offered him the glass of water.

"Thank you," he said, running a large hand through his thick mane of hair. He took it and sipped.

I sat next to him with my own glass and we sipped together in silence.

"Well," I said, "Wanna put on something on Netflix?"

Scott put his glass of water on the coffee table and grinned. "I'm okay with skipping that and getting right to the action."

I stammered and flushed. God, I was so hard and so wet. My cocklet pulsed against my jeans, begging to be released, and I swear my pants would dissolve like tissue paper if my cunt got any wetter.

"Unless you'd rather take it slow," Scott amended.

"Oh—no, no." I said. "Let's just... stop talking." I put my hand on the inside of his thigh.

Scott smirked. Even his smirk was sexy. God.

And then we were kissing, a passionate kiss that felt as if we were trying to devour each other. The fluff of my big beard brushed against his stubble, cushioning the kiss. He intensified his kissing, leaning hard into me. I leaned right back against him and straddled him. He grabbed my waist with his giant hands that seemed to go all the way around without even trying. My crotch found his boner as if magnetically attracted to it and, at some instinctual level, I began to slowly grind against it. He moaned and I felt his cock grow ever harder, pressing against the soft cotton fabric of his pants.

With a single motion, he unbuttoned my pants. Clumsily, I followed suit, unbuttoning his pants after a few tries.

We pulled apart for a moment, gasping for air.

"You—you've done this before?" I gasped. "Been with a trans man, I mean."

Scott nodded vigorously and grabbed my ass in the exact spot between my asshole and my 'manhole.'

"Oh!" I gasped. "You have!" Despite myself, I giggled. Then I yanked off my t-shirt. Scott's shirt came off, too—he didn't even bother to unbutton it.

I knelt in front of Scott, pulling his pants down to reveal a giant, beautiful cock that throbbed with raw sexuality and stood proudly, an expression of undistilled desire.

"Mmmm," I said, biting a lip. I looked up into his eyes, my entire being smoldering with lust. His eyes shone with a thick sheen of lust.

I took hold of his cock, then wrapped my lips around his sizable girth. I worked his cock in and out of my mouth.

"Oh god," Scott grunted. "You've done this before, too," he added playfully.

"Mhmm," I said around my mouthful of cock. I worked my way down his considerable shaft until my chin rested on his balls and his cock filled my throat. Then back up. Then down. Up. Down. In. Out. I entered a trance-like state—the only things that existed in the universe were my mouth and his cock. I was just a cock-sucking slut. My whole world revolved around his phallus.

"Unnf!" he grunted. "That's so good!"

I twisted my head, caressing his cock-head with my throat.

"Okay!" he gasped, lightly tapping my forehead. "I don't wanna cum yet!"

"Mmmm," I said, releasing his cock from my mouth. I grabbed it at the base and admired for a moment how giant, how engorged it was—his veins pulsing, his cock twitching in time with his heartbeat. I smirked at the thought that, if I even so much as breathed on it, he would cum all over... for a moment, I daydreamed that he would cum torrent upon torrent, spurt after spurt, and just drench every part of me in cum...

Meanwhile, Scott lay against the couch, breathing hard while he gathered himself. Once he had done so, he grinned down at me. "Your turn."

I sat next to him and he maneuvered me into a lying position on the couch, then put his face in my crotch. I felt a momentary flash of anxiety—this was the part most cis guys screwed up. I didn't have a porn star ftm dick that stuck out from my body, so cis guys would usually fumble around for a bit. If they found my hard nub, they would then pull up on my mons to make my cocklet stick out more. Then lick it with a broad tongue as if it wasn't something that was sticking out, as if they didn't see it as even a proto-cock. The whole thing would remind me of my relationship with my physicality, snapping me back to my misery within my body. (Endless folds upon folds hiding a tiny cocklet. No cis penis, not even a little one. No way to penetrate, to top like the vers guy I was...) The whole thing would usually cause my erection to whither into nonexistence and then it would be awful.

But Scott didn't do any that—instead, he put his lips around my cock as if he knew exactly where it would be. And he sucked on it, bobbing his head up and down, treating it like the cock it was.

"Oh!" I gasped. "Fuck!" The neighbors definitely heard that one, and the thought made my cock grow bigger—god, it was bigger than it ever had been before, stretching out into Scott's mouth. I swear it began to fill up his mouth...

I began to thrust against his face. Scott took it in stride and increased his tempo.

"Fuck! Fuck! That's so good!"

I felt Scott chuckle that deep chuckle, which sent incredible vibrations through my body. Then he resumed his sucking.

I grabbed him by the ears, gasping.

"I don't wanna cum yet, either." (I had been taking testosterone long enough that I no longer had multiple orgasms—like the majority of men, it was one giant spurt, followed by a long refractory period.)

"What's next?"

I grabbed his cock, which was still hard. My loins flushed upon feeling this—I knew that some men focused so much on blowing others that they went limp, but it seemed that Scott could multitask. I looked into his eyes.

"Fuck me," I whispered.

He grinned, holding my gaze. "Yes, sir." He took me in his arms and picked me up. "Which way's the bed?"

I vaguely indicated in the direction of my bedroom. He carried me there as easily as if I weighed nothing, his rock-hard muscles caressing my body, holding me secure.

We were kissing again, kissing like we would disappear the next moment. Then we were on top of the soft mattress and Scott was on top of me, then inside me, then filling me up, stretching me to my limits in the best imaginable way.

"Fuck! Fuck!" I was shouting. Each thrust sent the headboard thumping against the wall. I loved the knowledge that my neighbors were listening to us right now—maybe they were even jacking off—

The thought made my cock harder. It had never been this hard, never been this big before. I could feel its head rubbing against Scott's densely muscled quad...

Wait.

Through my intense pleasure, I looked down at my crotch. My cocklet had grown. Not just grown—it had doubled in size!

"Holy crap," I whispered.

Scott grinned down at me, slowing his tempo. He clearly knew what was going on with my cock. "Like it?"

I nodded vigorously.

"Good," he said. He stopped thrusting, then gingerly slid back on his knees, pulling me back along with him, staying firmly anchored inside of me the whole time. He put one of my legs on his shoulder and I felt my cock grow as if it were stretching out after a long hibernation. It sproinged, bobbing side to side in a most glorious way! It was enough to bring tears to my eyes—no longer was my cock trapped in folds of flesh. It was standing proud and free, a rock-hard phallic delight! But—how?

I didn't dwell on that question very long—I found my hands around my cock, massaging it as if it had always been there. I didn't care how it had happened—only that it had.

"Keep going," I said.

He grinned. "Don't have to ask twice." Slowly at fist, he thrust into me, his penis angling into my g-spot.

"Oh!" I cried out. The combination of my g-spot being simulated plus my jacking off of my cock—it was indescribable!

He picked up tempo, causing intense waves of pleasure to reverberate throughout me. "Fuck! Fuck! Oh my god! I'm—I'm gonna cum!"

My entire body clenched, my pussy squeezing his cock hard, my rock-hard cock twitching—

But nothing happened!

"Huh, what?"

Then I realized—I didn't have balls!

"I think we're gonna have to try another position," Scott said with a grin. "Doggy-style?"

At that exact moment, I wanted nothing more than to feel his cock in my asshole. (Thank god I had prepped.) My sphincter relaxed, and I felt every single pleasure-nerve tingling for attention.

Breathlessly, I nodded, then got on my hands and knees. "Fuck my ass."

"Yes, sir," he said, and I heard the smile in his voice.

With a squelch, he pulled his cock out of my cunt. He produced a bottle of lube from my nightstand, rubbed it on his fingers. He prodded and explored my asshole with one finger, then two. This—this felt better than anything I'd experienced before.

"Ohhh," I moaned. "Don't stop."

My cock dribbled pre and I realized that I no longer had a g-spot—I now had a p-spot! Meanwhile, I felt a peculiar swinging sensation between my legs...

I looked down. Yep, there were my balls now!

I thrust my butt onto his fingers and felt my balls bump against each other, like a Newton's cradle. They sloshed, full to bursting. It sent waves of sensation through my entire body.

"Oh my god," I said. "Fuck me! Please! Now!"

"Yes, sir," Scott purred. He positioned his cockhead over my pucker, then slowly pushed in.

"Oh my god!" I screamed, putting my head against the bed. "That's so good!"

The only reason I didn't cum right there and then is because Scott was pushing so slowly into my asshole. He would pause, wait for me to relax, then push in. Once he was hilt-deep, he paused and waited for me to recover.

I got back on my hands and arched my back, pushing against his cock, squeezing every inch of it. He began to thrust—god, this was so good, so tight, so perfect. And his balls would occasionally slap against mine, sending shivers of pleasure through my entire body. This is exactly how it was meant to be, exactly how it should have been from the start.

I don't know how long he was fucking my asshole for. All I know is that there's still a dent in the wall where the headboard hit it. There's also stains on the wall—I jacked off my cock while he pounded my asshole until I shot thick, thick ropes of cum onto the headboard. Several spurts, gigantic spurts like I'd never orgasmed in my life. I jizzed so hard that I thought my spunk would shoot right through the wall like a Kryptonian fantasy that lurked in the back of my mind. Almost at the same time, Scott came inside of me—filling me, overflowing, but continuing to thrust, fucking me, lubricated by his own cum, until one final cry out and throb and pulse and spurt. Then he was hilt-deep in me for a moment, the both of us gasping. When he pulled out, the sound was more concordant against my ears than the last time he had pulled out of me.

We embraced each other, then. Our still-giant, deflating cocks rubbing up against each other. Stroking each other's faces, gazing into each other's eyes.

"Scott?"

"Mhmm?"

"How—" I licked my lips, which suddenly felt dry. "How did you do that?"

Scott shrugged. "I dunno. Lots of testosterone plus some magic?" He chuckled. "All I know is that someone did the same thing to me a long time ago."

"You?" I looked Scott up and down. His angular face, broad shoulders, tight waist, firm musculature, the carpets of hair that lay across the back of his knuckles...

Scott chuckled. "Yeah. Me. Like I said, though, it was a long time ago."

I shook my head. "Well, Scott. Thank you. That was so good."

He grinned. "Don't mention it."

"We should do this again sometime."

"I agree." He kissed me, a small caring kiss. "Spoon?"

"Spoon," I agreed, then turned away from him. He wrapped his big, strong arms around me. I held his hand against my breastbone. I felt his flaccid cock against my butt and smiled to think of the morning sex we would have. Meanwhile, my new lifelong companion lay between my legs, secure in its place in the universe. Heck, maybe I could top Scott tomorrow...

For what seemed like the first time in my life, I fell into a deep and utterly restful sleep.