 Peter Hoang stared out at the winter blizzard driving hard at the large picture window. He was momentarily thankful that he had made the trip prior to the snow closing the roads-especially the long unpaved road into the cottage. The fire licking at the logs in the fireplace reflected off the glass. He looked at his faint reflection. From the tip of his dark hair to the to the bottom of his shoe, he was no more than 5' 2". And the high heels provided over 4" of that height. His skin was pale with only a whisper of the yellow of his Vietnamese heritage. He had been born and raised in North America, and his knowledge of his heritage country was minimal. He wasn't even curious. Not that his parents hadn't driven him to heritage language classes, and pressed him to study. It had been irrelevant to his growing interest in other things. In fact, that other thing had been women's fashions-not as a designer, but as apparel for him.

Peter had discovered at a much younger age that sports, computers, and toys were not for him. He also discovered that he would have to hide that dislike or face ridicule and physical abuse. As a smaller than average boy, this had been a daily problem once he attended school. The object of verbal abuse at his feeble attempts at soccer, baseball and such, he turned to females for companions, and also found the need for male protectors. One such protector during his high school experience introduced him to the pleasure of the penis. While never spoken, Peter learned that servicing his protector in a number of ways kept him pretty safe from the day to day knocks of high school life.

He learned that the life of a slim, very attractive Asian boy, who liked the wearing of female apparel, gave him a limited but pleasurable life style. He was able to secretly visit his protector, wear the most exotic of clothing, try out a wide range of women's cosmetics, while engaging in the associated sexual practices one might associate with his life style.

Now, having found the best possible situation for himself, he was enjoying his first university Spring break not in some southern beach resort, but here in the hidden northern reaches of Ontario. The blizzard, though heavy and likely to keep him housebound for the week, wasn't actually going to be a problem. 

He felt a pair of hands tenderly squeeze his bare shoulders, and then teeth sink gently into the muscles of his neck. He shivered all over and felt his already stiffened penis throb in his see through black panties. Other than high heels, it was his only clothing.

"Mmmmm" was all he managed as Kevin's hands worked slowly across his chest, stopping to tweak and pinch his tiny nipples.

Peter groaned louder, arched his back and let his head loll back as he pressed his buttocks back against Kevin's naked thighs. Kevin was so much taller than Peter that his balls rested on the small of his back. Kevin bent his knees and let his large cock slide between Peter's legs so that it stuck out between Peter's thighs. Kevin slid one hand into the panties and gripped his hardon. He stoked it with a lazy motion, but Peter twitched as he felt the warm hand stretch him back and forth. 

Kevin released his grip long enough to slide the panties down his smooth legs. 

Peter kept his body completely free of hair, not that he had much, but what grew was removed meticulously. Although he was 20, he looked younger.

With the panties gone, Kevin went to work on the small cock that stood rigid. He used his other hand to cup the young man's balls and tease him.

"Oh, Kevin, if you keep that up, I'll come right away."

Kevin smiled. "So? That's why we're here."

"I'd rather feel you cock inside me while I come.", he whispered in answer.

Without another word, he turned and knelt to take the throbbing penis in his mouth. His lips had to open really wide to take the entire head.

Kevin looked down at the lipsticked mouth working methodically on his raging cock. The beauty of the young man stunned him. Watching him suck his cock was nearly enough to force the cum out of his balls, but he struggled to hold back knowing what was about to happen.

Once he was coated with saliva, Peter stood up and turned gripping and guiding the huge cock to his tiny asshole. This was something they had not yet done, though Peter had sucked Kevin's cock nearly every day for the last three months.

Peter pushed hard to get the head past his hole. Even with the copious amount of spit, it was a struggle, but one at which Peter had no intention of failing. Finally working in tandem with Kevin the head slid in. 

Peter cried out, but refused to pull away. His asshole slowly began to relax, and Kevin pushed it in millmeter by millimeter. Now Peter could feel the immensity of the organ invading his asshole. He felt more alive than at any time in his life. His cock, which had softened as he struggle to take the huge dick, now firmed up impressively. This is how he had dreamed it would happen.

Kevin's knees were bent, with his hands gripping Peter tightly at his hips. He started to pump his dick in and out. Peter's mouth opened almost in a voiceless cry of pleasure, then he grunted with each powerful thrust. He reached for his own little cock and started to jerk himself off. 

"Oh, God, Kevin. Please fuck me! Hard! Don't be afraid to hurt me. Give it to me. Ohhh. Ohhh. All the way in. Now! Faster. I'm going to cum for you."

And he did. His prick jerked out its first pump, and Kevin felt Peter's asshole spasm as he shot his load. This was the trigger than let his own load explode out.

"Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" And he felt his own huge cock pulse like a water cannon as his load shot into the depths of Peter's tiny asshole. Peter's own balls pumped load after load into his waiting hand.

They both sank to the rug, with Kevin's prick still fully engaged in the younger man's back hole. Kevin lowered them both flat on the floor.

He took his heavy weight on his own knees and elbows and they lay like that as the last spasms passed through them.

"I felt like I was in heaven, Kevin." He giggled like a girl,

Kevin had a wan smile and his eyes closed as he let the feelings wash over him.

He stirred, rolled them onto his side, and was about to pull out when Peter stopped him.

"Don't take it out. I want to feel it a bit longer. I think I can jerk off one more time before you take it out. I want to spill it for you."

Kevin watched as Peter began to fondle his little penis. Then he reached over and tickled the tiny sac. 

"Yes! That's so nice. That's going to make me shoot my load again."

He began to pump faster and faster, then slowed and let the feeling expand though him. He gave another wave of hard jerking, then slowed as Kevin kept up the gentle scratching of his nuts.

"Oh, Kevin, this load is just for you." Peter's hand was a blur as he beat off with his eyes closed and his mouth gaping.

His asshole clamped over Kevin's softening dick, and spasmed as he shot another load. Though not very copious, it came out with some real force, splashing into the already cold puddle in his other hand.

They cuddled closer and Peter felt the powerful body seem to fold over him, guarding him in his moment of exquisite pleasure.

After what seemed a short time, but was actually nearly an hour, the pair got up and padded into the shower. Kevin turned the water on, adjusted it as Peter removed the make up.

They got in together and Peter immediately knelt to clean his partner's penis. Even semi soft, it was large. Peter took a long time with the cloth, the soap and the small towel. He looked up and smiled at Kevin, who loomed over him like some kind of ancient god.

In reality, Kevin was about 25 years older than his companion, and, frankly stunned that such a gorgeous man this young would be so enthralled by him. He was well off, but not really wealthy, and he felt that he was not particularly handsome. Certainly not when compared to this young beauty. Then his mind disengaged.

He felt his cock stiffen as Peter worked it over. He felt a bit sore from the tight fucking he had just administered, but his cock seemed immune and rose at the skilled touch.

Peter abandoned any further pretext of washing Kevin and began to suck his cock. With the hot water splashing over them, Peter worked with a will, and had Kevin groaning through another orgasm that nearly had them both drowning. Peter's mouth bulged as the load filled him, and he swallowed all of the love paste. His eyes looked up again at Kevin's spent face.

"You do that one more time, sweetie, and I'll have to spank your little bum."

Peter thrilled at the suggestion, smiled and said, "I can't wait."