 Prepared to kill whatever lay in his path, he was surprised that a sharp tap to the immobile mass caused a pained grunt. Using the toe of his boot he shifted what became apparent was a man. Well a boy. He gasped softly when he came across the greenest eyes he had ever seen. Though rimmed with red they still shined like emeralds. 

A moan from the pitiful creature brought his eyes to a full mouth that was cracked and dry. As if on cue a wickedly pink tongue poked out in an attempt to wet those lips. The effect was instantaneous the sex between his legs tightened as he imagines what that mouth would look and feel like wrapped around his cock. He could see it now the lad would be on his knees his hands chained in iron at his back. He would have his prick buried so deep in the boy's throat that those eyes would tear and pled wordlessly for a respite that would not be forth coming. 

He would bury his hands in those thick curls and force the boy's mouth to work his sex at a faster pace as he neared completion. Once that familiar tingle at the base of his spine started, when the heat pooling in his belly turned into an inferno, he would tear the boy's head away from his groin and fire his seed across those bruised and swollen lips. 

"P...please" the sound drew him from his sinful thoughts and he focused on the boy that had cast pleading eyes upon him. The priest cast one look at his men who stood less than two feet away. In the dimming light they assessed him and he them. Any one of these men would rape and kill the lad if given half the chance. They would share him over and over until he was of no more use to them or himself and then they'd kill him. They would slice his throat from ear to ear. 

He should really leave the boy here and let nature finish what it had started. He should really check the boy to see what valuables he carried on his person. It was clear that the boy had no business being out here. The boy was so unlike him and his men he was ... delicate. It was also clear that everything that he should do he wasn't going to do. He was going to take the lad back to their hideout, and dare any of these men try to take the boy without his permission. They would find themselves on the perilously wrong side of his blade. The boy was his!

Stooping down over the boy he lifted the lad and carried him back to where the men and his horse waited. He saw the question in their eyes as he approached with the boy. Yes. He saw the question but he knew they would not be so foolish as to question his judgment. He climbed onto the saddle after he had placed the boy securely on it first. He ordered the horse on with a nudge to its side with his heel without a further glance at the men behind him.

AROUND THE CAMPFIRE: LATER THAT NIGHT

"What's the priest gunna do wit' that boy? Marcus inquired of the men gathered around the fire in the abandoned church that they called home.

"D'you think he'll let us have a go at him?" Murdoc asked not bothering to answer Marcus' question.

"It's been ages since any of us has had a tight arse to plough. An' that boy in there looks more than ripe. Don't he lads?" 

"I wouldn't even mind having the Priest' leftovers, so long as I'll be able to fuck that boy it'll be alright." A series of grunts and agreements sounded around from the eight men that huddled around the fire. Their eyes gleamed with maliciousness in the light.

"You'd better not let the Priest hear you talkin' like that."

The men jumped when Doc spoke as they hadn't heard his approach. 

"He's attached to that boy and he'd kill any one of you that so much as looked cross- eyed at him" Doc continued. 

"So if I were you I'd keep my thoughts close to my heart lest the Priest catches wind of them."

All the men turned their eyes to the stairwell that led up to what used to be the *rectory*. Up there the Priest was with the boy, he'd been up there since they'd come back earlier that evening. The only person the Priest had spoken to was Doc, clearly even Doc had outgrown his welcome and been relegated to the *church floor* with the rest of the men.

"What are we eating tonight?" Doc asked. Immediately Harry a rather shy freckled man handed him a silver plate with some buttered bread and a hunk of meat, along with a goblet of wine. Doc thanked him before sitting down in one of the pews; he didn't feel like socializing with these men after he'd heard how they'd spoken of the boy. Discussing him as though he were no more than a slab of beef to be devoured. His thoughts were interrupted as Harry approached him and sat down next to him on the bench. His food sat untouched next to him as Harry opened his mouth to speak.

"Doc" he whispered aware that the other men were not too far away.

"Doc y...y...you hav...vv...ent b...b...been t...t...to see m...m...me in a while" he stammered. God he hated that he always got tongue tied and nervous when around the Doc. Dear God but he couldn't help it, just one look from Doc and his heart raced and his blood pounded through his veins. He worried his lower lip and wrung his hands nervous gestures just like his stammering. He could feel a blush rise up his neck and spread across his cheeks. He chanced a glance up at Doc through his lashes; he had a smile on his lips. 

"I know Harry; I've missed not having you warm my bed at night. You know things have been rather dangerous as of late, a lot of injuries I've had to tend to." He raised his hand to brush the heated flesh on the man's face.

"But tomorrow night will be just for you and I. The boy should sleep through the night but there is no guarantee. I'll have to be alert in case Priest needs me." He whispered against Harry's mouth.

His tongue darted out to bathe his lower lip, he heard the choked inhale from the other man and he took advantage of the parted lips. Slipping his tongue inside Harry's mouth felt like a joyous reunion after a painfully long absence. He flicked his tongue over the other man's shyer muscle attempting to coax it into playing with his. He licked the inside of Harry's cheek, his teeth, his gums wanting to taste and posses every inch of the man who was just as much his as he belonged to Harry. 

He groaned into Harry's mouth when his tongue finally decided to come out and play. His lungs started to burn but he didn't care he wanted, needed more. It had been too long, too many nights of not burying his cock deep into that tight passage. Being so deep and pounding so hard that he couldn't tell where he ended and Harry began. His hands had woven themselves into Harry's hair tugging him closer. His cock throbbed, it ached. Finally he tore his mouth away and sucked air into his burning lungs.

Taking in the state of the man before him, his cock lurched painfully and fluid leaked from the tip. Harry was flushed and panting his eyes wide and dilated with passion. His lips were bruised and wet from the kiss they had shared. Harry whimpered and reached for him once more.