 I can't believe this is happening right now Matt thought to himself. Stupid hand me down car. He really should have known better than to accept a car, a free car at that, from his brother. Mike never gave away anything for free. "I really do appreciate this Sir," Matt told John as they walked across the parking lot. 

"Don't mention it." John replied, glancing back at Matt. "Your house is on my way home as I said earlier, it's really no problem" John dug his keys of his jacket pocket and hit the button to unlock the doors. "You may want to start putting out a few calls to have the car picked up on Monday though."

"I plan on it." Matt answered as they approached John's car. Matt could not help the grin that crept across his face as he opened the passenger side door. John had driven to work today in his '07 Camaro. Matt didn't know much about cars but he knew what he liked, and he definitely liked what saw. The weather had gotten much cooler over the past few months, so Matt knew that shortly this beautiful piece of machinery would be put to bed for the winter. But not today. 

He got into the car and reached for his seatbelt. Buckling it, he looked over and watched John get in.

"What?" John asked sharply.

"What, what?" Matt replied lost, grin fading.

"You were staring at me grinning your fool head off," John answered. "Do I have something on my face?" He asked looking into the mirror.

"Oh, no you don't, sorry," said Matt, blushing. "I was just admiring your car I guess, and got lost in thought. Pretty sexy. Car I mean!" Awesome, he thought, he's going to think I was sitting here perving on him. 

"Yeah, I get that a lot. About the car I mean. Thank you. Are you ready to go?" John asked.

"Yes, Sir." Matt answered.

"Can we cool it with the 'Sir' thing for a while?" John asked. "While I appreciate it at the office, outside of work I prefer to be called John."

"Sure thing s...John." Matt replied.

"Good. We have to get a move on or we're going to be late for this party. Not a good look for the boss," John said, starting the car and pulling out of the parking lot into traffic. 

They drove in silence. Matt watched out his window at the buildings and people they drove past. He started to contemplate, as he often did, about where his life was going. He liked to think that he was headed in the right direction, but when he really let himself think about it, he realized he was near lost. He had a job that most days he did not enjoy. Sure he had friends, but they could only do so much for him. He had a big empty house, and now he had a car that didn't want to work. He had lots of family, but none that he was close to anymore. Ever since his mother passed away home just didn't feel the same. He made and received the required number of phone calls every year, but other than that, things were pretty quiet on the home front. 

As for having a man in his life, Matt hadn't been on a date in more than a year, and was starting to think that would not change any time soon. He didn't have time for much other than work in his life right now, and while work was something, it was not enough. He knew that if he wanted things in life that he was going to have to work for them, so every day he sucked it up and did what he had to do. Things had to fall into place sometime right?

Matts head bounced against the window he wasn't even aware that he had been leaning on. He shook his head and was surprised to note that he was now sitting in his driveway.

"Home sweet home." John stated dryly.

"I didn't even notice that we were in my neighborhood," Matt laughed, shaking his head to rid himself of the somber thoughts he had been having. "Thank you so much, again, for the drive John!"

"You're very welcome, again," John replied with one his rare smiles. "You better hurry up and go get ready. We have to be back by 6:00 at the latest, so we're really pushing it here for time."

"I'm going, I'm going," Matt said getting out of the car. He closed the door and started up the walk to the door. "See you later!" He called back to John.

John was already backing out of the driveway, not looking at Matt. Oh well, he thought to himself. He unlocked the door and opened it to Duke standing there wagging his tail. 

"Gotta go pee?" He asked the dog. Duke turned and ran for the patio door. Thought so, Matt laughed quietly to himself. He opened to door and let the dog out, before turning and heading to his bedroom. He opened his closet and surveyed all that it had to offer. What to wear, what to wear, he wondered to himself. He grabbed a pair of black pants, and a shirt in dark purple. He grabbed the jacket that matched the pants and laid it on the bed. He turned to the dresser, and grabbing a fresh pair of his favorite boxer briefs to throw on the bed, headed to the bathroom. He turned the shower on before stripping his clothes off and leaving them in a pile on the floor. 

While the shower heated, he brushed his teeth, watching himself in the mirror. When steam started filling the bathroom, he turned on the radio he kept in there and jumped in the shower. Head bouncing to the beat, he grabbed his shampoo, opened the cap and poured some into his hair. He put the bottle back on the shelf and started to lather his hair. Lightly singing with the radio, he rinsed his hair and started soaping up his body.

While running his soapy hands across his body, he let himself sway to the music. He drew his hands across his chest, massaging lightly and sighed. He could feel some one the tension from the day leaving his body. His hands wandered further down his torso, until they reached the start of his pubic hair. He grazed his fingertips back and forth just below where the hair started. He felt his belly jump at his own touch, and continued his exploration of his own body. Soon, he was fantasizing that it was someone else with their hands on his body. He let his head fall back as the hands on his body finally came into contact with his erect penis. He looked down and in his mind saw the dark hair of his fantasy man, as his hands roamed over Matt's lower body. 

Gripping his erection lightly, Matt imagined that it was this other man tormenting him into pleasure. Hand moving back and forth over his erection, he sighed in pleasure. Stroking faster, he imaged the dark haired man taking his penis into his mouth. Matt moaned and let the man continue with the stroking and suction. Matt looked down and watched the dark head bob back and forth on his penis, shuddering with pleasure. He ran his hands through this imaginary man's hair and moaned with pleasure. He soaped up one of his fingers and reached back to run it along his crack. Shuddering with pleasure, he did it again, this time continuing on between his cheeks, to the swollen rosebud hidden there. As his finger came into contact with his hole, his body shook with pleasure. He massaged his finger back and forth, enjoying the sensations shooting through his body. The sucking on his dick became harder, the stroking faster. Feeling himself starting to let go, he again looked down at the man on his knees in front of him. Matt inhaled, feeling is orgasm starting and threw his head back. He moaned as he came, looking down as his orgasm came to an end, breathing heavily. Startled to see green eyes looking back at him, he watched his dream lover fade away. 

Body now spent, Matt shook his head, sighed and turned off the water. Wow, he thought to himself as he toweled the water off his body. That was different. He shrugged his shoulders before wrapping himself in his towel and walking back to the kitchen. He put down some food and water for Duke, before letting him back in the house. Duke wagged his tail happily before baking a beeline for his food. Matt laughed at the dog and walked back to his bedroom. He checked the clock and was surprised to see that he still had a bit of time to get ready. Dropping the towel he picked up his underwear and put it on. He reached in to arrange himself before grabbing his pants and putting them on as well. He picked up his damp towel, shirt and jacket and headed back out to the main part of the house. He entered the laundry room threw his shirt and damp towel in the dryer before turning it on to get the wrinkles out of his shirt. Note to self, he though, invest in ironing board. 

Going to the kitchen he took the can of coffee out of the cupboard and proceeded to make himself a pot. Five minutes later he poured himself a cup before heading back to the bathroom to give himself a quick shave with his electric razor. Normally he liked to use his razor and soap, but the electric one would be good enough for the evening. He thought the scruffy look it gave him was better suited for a party. Done shaving, he took a deep drink from his cup before walking back to the kitchen. He checked the clock and noticed that it was time to call a cab to take him to the party.

After hanging up the phone Matt started towards the laundry room. He took two steps before the doorbell rang. Holy fast cab company he thought, before rushing to the door. 

"I'll just be a minute," he started, opening the door, and got the shock of his life when he saw that familiar pair of green eyes looking back at him. "Oh! What are you..."

"Are you not ready yet?" John asked.

"I, what, you, ummm..." Matt stammered. What was John doing here? "Almost, I just have to grab my shirt." Matt answered, realizing that he was still standing in the doorway with his boss, with no shirt on. Blushing, he backed up. 

"Come in for a minute, sorry. There's coffee." Matt hurried off to the laundry room. 

He threw his shirt on, and buttoning it walked back to the kitchen. There he found John, looking quite at home sitting at his kitchen table drinking a cup of coffee. "Why are you here? Shouldn't you be on the way to the party?" He asked, confused.

"Yes I should, as should you." John replied calmly. "You have no car remember? I figured you might appreciate the drive." 

Just then there was a honk from outside. Looking out the window, John raised an eyebrow. "My mistake, looks like you have one," he said.

"Well yes," Matt answered, "I'm a grown ass man, I know how to call a cab to go somewhere." He didn't mean to sound so rude, but he was slightly annoyed by the man in his kitchen right now. Appreciate the drive? If I had expected the drive I would have asked he thought to himself. But that's The Dick for you. 

"One minute," he said to John, before heading out the door.

John watched out the window as Matt had a short conversation with the cab driver, before he backed out of the driveway. 

"He mad?" John asked as Matt walked back in. 

"Kind of," Matt answered, "I'm sure they don't appreciate coming all the way out here just to be told never mind."

"Oh well," John said, finishing his coffee. "Are you about ready or what?"

"Just have to grab my shoes," Matt replied, slipping his jacket over his shoulders. He rushed back to his room to grab his dress shoes before coming back out. "Ready now, let's go."

They left the house, and walked down to John's car. Matt inhaled deeply as he got into the car. You'll be fine, he told himself. What's a few more minutes in the car with him? John started the car and backed out of the driveway. Pulling into the street they were on their way. Sitting beside John, Matt realized that he could smell whatever cologne it was the John wore. It smelled woodsy and male. Matt found that he didn't mind the smell, he liked it actually. Not good, he thought to himself. A man in a vest who smells good? Oh boy. Matt laughed to himself.

"What's so funny?" John asked.

"Oh, um, nothing" Matt answered. He hadn't realized that he laughed out loud.

"If you say so," John said, glancing over at Matt. "Are you ready for this?"

"Ready for what?" Matt asked. "It's a party."

"It is also a work function," John replied. 

"There will be clients there as well as employees so make sure you make a good impression."

When do I ever make a bad one Matt thought to himself, rolling his eyes. 

"I saw that," John said.

"Shouldn't your eyes be on the road or something?" Matt answered, embarrassed to have been caught rolling his eyes at the boss.

"I'm a great multi-tasker," John said, grinning.

Wow, he's got nice teeth too, Matt thought to himself. Was there anything about this man that was not perfect? Other than his sparkling personality, Matt corrected himself. 

"Yes, Sir, I'm sure you are" Matt said, refraining from rolling his eyes again. 

"Matt, I thought we talked about the Sir thing." John said with a strange look on his face.

If Matt didn't know any better he would have thought that John's feelings were hurt. 

"I just figured since we are on the way to a work function..."

"You figured wrong," John said. "Let's just stick with John for the evening."

"Sure thing John," Matt said. 

John pulled into the office parking lot and shut off his car. Both men climbed out of the car, and John hit the button to lock the doors. They walked to the building together, not talking. As they reached the building, John opened the door and held it for Matt.

"Thanks," Matt said, walking into the building.

"You're welcome" John answered, as they walked down the hall towards the ballroom that was located on the ground floor of the building. Reaching the room, he again held the door open for Matt. After thanking John again, he walked into the room and looked around. He was impressed by the job the decorators had done. The large, usually empty room was filled with tables and chairs for the guests. Decorations of red and black were tastefully displayed around the room. 

"I have a few things to do before we eat," John said, walking away.

"Alrighty then," Matt answered, watching him leave. He took a minute to admire that which was purely masculine walk away from him.

"I totally just saw that," Matt heard from behind him. Grinning, he turned around.

"Alexis! Where have you been? I haven't seen you in forever you crazy bitch," Matt laughed. Alexis was one of the most sought after editors in the city. She was usually off across the country dealing with clients, so Matt was surprised to see her here. 

"Couldn't miss a party, now could I," she answered, grinning herself. Alexis was a gorgeous women, who usually dressed to kill and tonight was no exception. She was wearing a red dress, the color so deep it was almost the color of wine. One strap sloped across her shoulder, and fit her body like a second skin. Matt stepped back for a minute to admire her beauty. Her dark hair was done in some type of artful up-do. Diamond earring glimmered at her ears, and a bracelet sparkled on her wrist. Black heels and red polish on her toes finished the outfit.

"You're looking gorgeous as usual" Matt said, meaning it. 

"Thank you! You're looking pretty handsome yourself," she complimented Matt.

"We do what we can," he said, laughing. "I've missed you! Where have you been?"

"Oh you know, here and there,' Alexis answered, winking. "So did I just see you walking in with The Dick? When did that happen?" she inquired.

"Nothing has happened you crazy woman," Matt said, "and keep it down will you?" Alexis was the only other person besides Alex who knew of Matt's sexuality, and while he was by no means ashamed of it, he was not ready to have his personal business be part of the office gossip.

"Oh hush you silly thing," Alexis said, slapping Matt lightly on the arm. "Nobody is listening. Although, if you do not want people to know then you probably shouldn't spend your time staring at the bosses ass as he walks away from you," she remarked, eyes twinkling.

"I wasn't staring, I was simply..." Matt didn't know what to say.

"Yeah, that's what I thought," Alexis laughed. "Let's go find someplace to sit."

They found a nearly empty table and sat down. Alexis flagged down a waiter and grabbed two glasses of wine from his tray. Giving one to Matt, she raised he glass to a toast. 

"Here's to an interesting night"

"Not as interesting as last time," Matt answered laughing, sipping from his glass. The last time they had been at a work party together, they had both overindulged before leaving the party to head for a bar. They then spend the night drinking and picking up different people throughout the night. The next day they had both felt so sick that they vowed to never drink that much again. Matt still gagged a little if anyone mentioned tequila. 

"Spoilsport," Alexis laughed.

"Matt a spoilsport? I don't believe it," they heard from behind them. 

They both turned to see Doug and Aaron, aka Dumb and Dumber, standing there laughing. 

"Who are these chuckle heads?" Alexis asked Matt, not caring that they could obviously hear her. 

Matt grinned. This should be good he thought to himself, sipping more wine. "Alexis, meet Doug and Aaron, two new assistants Mr. Hogan hired to help me."

"Ahh yes, okay," she replied coolly, "I can just imagine how helpful they are. Go away children"

"Children? We're just trying to have a little fun, right Aaron?" Doug asked.

"Exactly," Aaron replied. "The party is a dud, so we thought we'd come talk to the prettiest lady in the room."

Alexis raised an eyebrow and glanced at the two men. "Flattery will get you nowhere, so I suggest you go away now," she said before looking away. 

"Rude bitch" one of them muttered under their breath before scrambling away at the look Alexis shot at them. She laughed, before flagging the waiter down for two more glasses of wine. 

"Oh my God, what was the boss man thinking hiring them. I'm sure they share the same brain between them, and that neither of them knows how to use it." Alexis asked. "They look like a couple of clowns who escaped from the circus."

"I have no idea what he saw in them, maybe you should ask." Matt answered. "They are nothing more than money sucking pains in the ass who do as little work possible, and complain about the work that they are given. They would much rather discuss the office gossip then work, and try and take credit for work that is not theirs. Whenever I do finally get them to do something they act as if it was the hardest task ever assigned to man, and only do a half assed job of it anyway," Matt ranted. "What The Dick was smoking that day I have no idea but he should really start to share."

"Um, Matt..." Alexis started, only to be cut off by Matt.

"No, really though, there is no excuse as to why they are still employed here. If it was my company I would have fired them long ago. Scratch that, I never would have hired them. Useless couple of morons is what they are."

"Matt!" Alexis said sharply.

"What?" he asked. He looked at her face and noticed her eyes jerk to a spot behind his head. Matt could feel the blood draining from his face. He turned around to see John standing behind him, arms crossed over his chest.

"Hey there Matty,"