 This story is a work of fiction. All characters are over the age of twenty-one years.

*****

Before cell phones and the internet the world was a smaller place. If you wanted something you might have found yourself searching the classifieds in the local paper or the bulletin board of a store. This is how I found myself sucking cock in a strangers house on a snowy night in 1978. 

I was a college student who shared a room in a group house with anywhere from eight to fifteen students depending. Depending meant who had hooked up that night. The seventies were rather bohemian times. 

I'm gay. This was not acceptable in those days and so discretion was a must. Getting some usually meant taking the very dangerous subway line to one of the private colleges across town. A surprising number of rich frat guys seemed to like my petite male form and boyish looks. Wearing a sweatshirt from a different university guaranteed a lot of attention because it signaled anonymity and maximized the strange. Everybody loves a little strange. 

It was a wild time of life. Those rich college studs were willing to pump me full of cum but only in secret. I would slob a knob and leave with no worries from either party. Those tall, well muscled frat boys desperately needed me to kneel before them. If they lived alone they would occasionally bend me over a sturdy piece of furniture as well.

With little money to my name I needed transportation around the city. This meant a bike. I had found what I was looking for in the form of an ad from the bulletin board of a local bookstore. I walked contentedly through the sparse beginnings of the first snow, the ad from the bookstore carefully copied and placed in the pocket of my jeans. Arriving at the address I walked up to the door of a very nice older home. I knocked and waited in the twilight. We didn't have a phone at our house so this was a true cold call. 

Staring at the ancient slate slabs that made up the front walk, I waited. The door swung open and there stood a very distinguished looking older man in a crisp black robe holding a pipe. He looked like a handsome character straight out of Hollywood. Not lacking confidence I explained the situation to Mr Hollywood. His eyes finally registered understanding and he motioned me in. 

I stood in a large entry hall anchored in the back by a wide staircase. An ornate piano with the top flipped up like a convertible was visible through a wide doorway to the left. A heavily furnished room with a fireplace was to the right. I commented on the piano.

"I have never seen a piano like that before." I said truthfully.

"That is because it isn't a piano but rather an old-fashioned instrument called a harpsichord. " Mr Hollywood replied. "Each string is plucked using a complex mechanism and not struck like a piano. His speech was incredibly polished.

With a sweep of his hand he directed me toward the harpsichord. I quickly removed my wet sneakers and placed them neatly by the door so as not to track a mess into his home. He seemed to appreciate the gesture. Walking over I wanted to touch the antique instrument but refrained. Sensing this he spoke.

"Don't be afraid young man." He said. "It is clear you already have an innate respect for your surroundings." Holding out an arm he said, "Now take off that long coat and sit."

I did as directed and removed my heavy coat and handed it to him. Quickly sitting on the bench before the keyboard I let my eyes linger on his face briefly. He confidently returned my gaze and then turned to leave the room. After a momentary absence Mr Hollywood returned sans coat and his pipe. Moving behind me he leaned over, one arm on either side of me, his head to my left, fingers resting on the keys. A bit of pipe scent lingered. I loved the smell of pipe tobacco. It exuded a wonderful personal warmth.

"This is a quiet instrument." He said kindly. "Concert halls back then were much smaller and the experience was rather intimate."

The way he said intimate was clearly meant to gauge my interest. I had never taken notice of older men before but this guy's focus on me had me flattered. Alcohol, muscles and raw hormones had been the only tools applied to my libido up to this point. Being quietly seduced was incredibly flattering. I needed to fuck this guy. Mr Hollywood began to play. 

The sound created was unique. Room filling yet not loud, the experience was simply perfection. He played for a few minutes and then rested his hands on my shoulders. Mr Hollywood had me and he knew it. I waited not sure what to do. Taking my hand he lead me to the other very formal room I had briefly viewed earlier. It was a room filled with expensive, well, everything. A fire warmed the space and cast an exquisite light.

Releasing his soft grip he turned and stood before me. He untied his sash and let gravity work its magic. His robe opened in a tantalizing way displaying just enough to make me want more . His body showed the same level of careful cultivation as his surroundings. The view was both erotic and tasteful. His chest down to the top of his pubic bone was surprisingly smooth given his full head of hair. My eyes traveled up and down admiring the view. I smiled somewhat shyly but secretly open to anything. He sat back in a large chair and the robe parted further, revealing himself to me. It was time.

"Undress and come here young man." He said with authority. "Its been far too long." The level of control expressed in his pointed command was inescapable. I obeyed, quickly removing my t-shirt, jeans and socks. 

I stepped toward him, naked, my small cock curving sharply up, bouncing with each step. He made a twirling motion with his finger. I pirouetted before him like a puppet on a string and slowly knelt on the expensive rug. Not breaking eye contact the room seemed to buzz with our rising sexual energy. I reached forward.

"Not like that." He said. I didn't follow.

"How then?" I asked sheepishly.

"You may use your hands to explore my body." He instructed. "But there you will only use your mouth." He nodded his head slightly indicating his cock. I found it interesting he didn't to want to use vile language even in the moment. 

Formulating a brief plan I placed my hands on his thighs and began exploring as instructed. His gaze was intense but I welcomed it. I was, at least for now, his focus and I wanted to do things right. Running my hands up his thighs and around to his warm lower back I scooted a bit forward. Pulling back I placed my hands under his trim thighs and settled in. This brought my face close to his cock which was heavy and satisfying looking. His balls lay to one side, resting on his smooth thigh. I nuzzled his sack and inhaled. 

"Take your time young man." He almost whispered. 

I breathed out while gently rubbing my boyish face on the skin of his semi-erect cock. He shifted and spread his legs wider while placing his hands on my slight shoulders, kneading them a bit. I took that as permission to begin.

Kissing the tip I somewhat awkwardly moved to begin pleasuring his cock. A no hands blow job is harder than you might think. But it did meet his earlier directive. I had to go slow. As you would expect from a college cruiser most of my experience with head was fast and furious. Suck, cum, change positions, repeat and slink away. This was extremely different. 

Turning, I fed the head of his semi erect but growing cock into my mouth. Parking it inside my cheek I let it rest there as I rose a bit, worried I would drop his cock out of my mouth. I had to get things lined up so I could execute a proper mouth fuck without the aid of my hands. Feeling more secure I began in earnest. 

Slowly I took him all the way down to his pubic bone, the thickness of his shaft fully plugging my throat. The slight amount of hair below his navel tickled as I regulated my breath while sucking him. Mr Hollywood placed one hand on the back of my head and gently pushed down while imperceptibly pumping up with his hips. I used his rhythmic rocking to move my hands under his ass. He swelled up fully in my mouth, a bit of pre-cum flowing out. Clearly he was enjoying this as was I.

There was one curious artifact from hands free oral on Mr Hollywood. Copious amounts of spit. Slobber began to accumulate in my throat and I couldn't keep up with it. A fair amount began to collect in the fine scrub of pubes surrounding his thick cock and drizzled down over his balls. When especially deep I would attempt to clean up the mess by running my tongue over his balls. Mr Hollywood clearly liked this extra effort on my part and was beginning to succumb to the effects of a naked cute twink kneeling before him, all but choking on thick cock.

Digging my nails into his ass I increased the suction on his shaft and slid him most of the way out, stopping at the rim of his helmet. I decided to properly concentrate on his orgasm. I shallowly moved my mouth in a needy way. Tighter and tighter I applied suction drawing my cheeks in deeply as I worked. 

His erection raged at my efforts. Knowing he was hard enough to stand at attention solo I grew bolder. Cheeks in tight with suction I pulled my head away enough to let him escape, an audible pop the result. I switched to tongue bathing the sensitive underside of the head and then engulfed him fully again. He was incredibly swollen and his cock veins looked painfully distended. The formerly long loose scrotum now round and hard. There was no way I was going to disappoint Mr Hollywood. 

His response to round after round of my best head was sudden and immense. I think it caught even him off guard. Using both hands he clamped down on the back of my head, a single pelvic thrust up signaling his orgasm. Mr Hollywood served me a sudden and very unexpected geyser of cum. So much so that my cheeks puffed out and I couldn't keep up with the volume of his delicious gift. Clearly he hadn't cum in a while.

Gulping as fast as I could I released his ass and gripped the back of his thighs, nails digging deeply. He bucked twice and then completely lost his composure. He grabbed my hair and began face fucking me, cum spilling freely out of my overloaded young mouth. 

"Yes, yes, yes!" He groaned, his cock a battering ram. I took it all a bit wide-eyed but enjoyed being abused. No one had ever made me feel like such a piece of ass before. I had caused this older, experienced man to totally lose his sexual cool. But he wasn't through with me. 

Crushing my nose into his pubes he held me tightly in place for a full minute. I could feel his flat tummy rapidly rising and falling as I worked out how not to gag on his fullness. Just as suddenly as he had pinned me to his cock his hands fell away from my head. Sputtering cum I surfaced, sucking in air instead of cock and fell back on my hands. Mr Hollywood looked pleased with himself.

"Finish on me." He said with a rather stern voice. "Do it now before I lose interest." 

Standing, I positioned myself between his splayed knees and started stroking my small, desperately curved erection. As our bare legs touched he stared at my twink cock and balls, the small head slick with pre-cum.

"Such a cute little cock." He said almost to himself. 

Wiping some of the slobber off my chin I used it to better lube my swollen shaft. Just a few short strokes found me shooting a heavy shower of sperm down on his sexy chest and groin. I must have shot over a dozen heavy ropes of cum. 

Some of it had landed thickly on his dark robe and was clearly visible. He seemed pleased in a greedy way. After the last shot he carefully ran just his fingertips through the cum on his chest and then leaned forward, arm extended. Mr Hollywood marked me by deeply raking his nails down my small chest through the mess that had dribbled off my chin. I stood before him, holding my spent cock.

Gently slapping my hand away he cupped my balls, kneading them firmly. With a final squeeze and yank he freed them from his grip. I almost collapsed in a mixture of pleasure and pain, shivering at the feeling of being so desired and dominated. No frat boy had even come close to owning me. Even though I was spent I relished the thought of future possibilities. 

With a wave Mr Hollywood motioned me back. I quickly stepped away, unsure what would happen next. Snapping his silken robe closed he carefully tied the sash and addressed me.

"Now about that bike young man." He stated absently. "Perhaps we can work out a deal."