 It was my freshman year of college and I had just moved up north to Maine. I was 19 years old and didn't really know anyone up there, but I plenty of porn and cold beer to keep me occupied. The winter was real bad this year, and since my apartment building had no off-street parking, I had to park in a nearby school parking lot when it snowed. 

It was a Sunday morning, and it had snowed heavily all night, there was at least a good foot or more of snow covering the ground. I woke up and walked over to the school parking lot where I had left my car last night. Unfortunately I was one of the first people to get in, and now I was blocked in by 30 or so cars. I had to be at work at 11:00 and it was already 9:30. I knew those cars wouldn't be out of the way probably until 2:00 this afternoon, so I called into work, and told them I wasn't going to make it in today. 

Every hour or so, I would go out and see if anyone had moved their vehicle yet. Around noon I noticed another man shoveling out his car. I had already shoveled out my car earlier this morning. I figured I'd give him a hand, so I grabbed my shovel and went over there. We got to talking, and I found out his name was Chris and he lived in the building across the street from mine. He was going skiing and asked if I would like to join him. Since I wasn't going to work, and my car was going to be blocked in for hours, I agreed. We got his car loose and headed off to the mountains.

After a couple hours of skiing it started to snow again. Chris figured it was probably just a small flurry and suggested we just wait it out and keep skiing. It started to get dark, and the snow had not let up, almost everyone else had gone home, except for those with cabins or motel rooms. We packed up and got back in the car and started off down the dirt road that lead back towards the highway. About three miles down the road the car slipped on some ice and slid off the road. We tired to get the car free but all the tires were spinning, it was hopeless. To add on to our problems neither of our cell phones had any service this far north. We had passed a small motel about a mile back and Chris suggested we hike up there and get a room for the night and worry about the car and getting home tomorrow. I agreed, there probably wasn't going to be school tomorrow morning anyways.

We made it back to the motel and Chris paid for a room. All the rooms in the place had one bed, so I figured one of us would be sleeping on the floor. The heater in the motel room was pretty shitty and didn't provide a whole lot of heat and the bed was only covered with one blanket. I took a shower while Chris watched TV, when I got out we talked for a good hour or so before deciding to retire for the night. Chris suggested we sleep in the same bed since the was only one blanket and the shared body heat would help keep us warm. due to the situation at hand, I agreed, besides no one I knew was going to find out. I crawled into bed, and Chris decided he was going to take a shower. I fell asleep moments later.

I woke up to Chris' hand down my pants fondling my cock! It was rock hard, and I can't say I wasn't enjoying it. I had never done anything with another man, but I didn't have a girlfriend at the time and this definitely beat watching porn every night. I reached over a grabbed hold of Chris' cock, which was easy since he was completely naked under the blanket. I stroked his cock for a few minutes then ducked my head under the covers and started to lick his shaft. I then took his whole cock in my mouth. I couldn't believe I was sucking this guys cock! But I couldn't help myself, I was so horny and really enjoying what was happening. I had jerked off to a little gay porn once and a while, but was never very serious about it. I continued sucking his beautiful cock as he held the back of my head and moaned in ecstasy. I massaged his balls with my right hand and rubbed his asshole with one of my fingers. I then stuck my finger up his waiting asshole and slowly slid it in and out. He started moving his hips in rhythm with my sucking and fingering.

Chris held my head down and blasted a load of cum into my mouth. To my surprise, I enjoyed the taste and swallowed everything he gave me. I sucked his cock clean and licked his balls before going a little lower and licked his asshole. I slid my tongue in and out of his man pussy. 

Chris asked me to get on my hands and knees, knowing full well what he was going to do I obliged. He took position behind me and I felt his cock rub up and down my ass. A moment later I felt his head press against my virgin hole. It slipped in and a rush of pain came over me. The pain subsided as he pushed in further. This felt amazing! Chris' cock slid in and out slow and steady. I was so horny and told him to fuck me harder. Chris quickened up the pace fucking me as hard as he could. 

We switched positions in the middle of it, with me lying on my back. Seeing the ecstasy in Chris' face as he fucked me made me even hornier. The bed creaked and rocked with every push of his hips. His cock erupted in another massive cum flow deep inside my tight little ass. He pulled out and thanked me. I slept the best I have in years that night, and I couldn't wait to do it all over again...

To be continued...