 I had just arrived to the property. It was a beautiful Tudor style home in northern Massachusetts. It was secluded, sitting on acres of land. I had experience with homes of this size and value, as I have been a top producing real estate agent for many years now. 

I walked to the front door and proceeded to ring the bell. A moment later, the sound of the door unlatching and I am face to face with Brito. Brito is a very serious man. He is Argentinian, rugged, very masculine. He shakes my hand and invites me in. We talk and he tours me of the property. After previewing the grounds I am introduced to his stunning wife. I can tell immediately she finds me attractive, as most women do. I smile and remind myself of my long-term Latin girlfriend back home. I am fit, handsome, and typically referred to as a Hemsworth brother (jokingly). Not to come off as self obsessed but only to build a picture, in fact, I'm quite insecure. I work very hard to have the physique I have, but I am constantly judging myself. Something I've learned to live with. 

My appointment was drawing to a close, paper work is signed and the property is ready to be listed. As I'm packing my laptop away, walking in comes Britos son. Brito has a mixed look of anger/disappointment. I could immediately tell why...

"Hi, I'm Alex."

Alex was about 5'4" and 120 pounds. He was slim and toned with big eyes and a white smile. He was feminine, a complete opposite of his father. I shook his light, girl-like, hand. 

"Alex, I told you to stay upstairs while I do business." Grumbled the father. It was clear he did not approve of his son. 

"he is going through a phase."

"he tells himself that, but Alex is 19 years old now and I see no signs of changing!" Laughed the mom, Isabelle. I had no interest in watching these two go back and forth about if their son was gay or not. I had places to be. I smiled and waved as I got into my car, and headed off home. 

I arrived home as my girlfriend was walking in. 

"Did you get the listing?"

"Yep"

We went through our nightly routine and headed off to bed. Although both of us only 29, we rarely had sex. In fact, we had sex maybe once every two weeks. After 9 years, the fire was out. 

I lay in bed reflecting on the meeting, calculating my commission and thinking of how to properly market the house. I thought of Isabelle for a moment and began to touch myself. I was somewhat limp but I figured she would do the job. My mind wandered as Alex popped into my head. I've never thought of men before, but something about him had my stomach heating up. What was this? I felt myself and I was rock hard, harder than I'd been in years. I panicked and ran to the bathroom to wash my face with cold water. I forced myself to think of Isabelle's curves and her riding me while I ejaculated. I must have been stressed, I was confused but headed back to bed for sleep. 

Three weeks later, photography was done and it was time for the first open house. I drove an hour and some change north to the house. It was beginning to snow and asking the way it was heavier and heavier. "Great", I thought out loud as I contemplated cancelling the open house. I decided to push forward as this was an evening commuter open house, perhaps there would be some local agents that show up I could network with. 

By the time I arrived the snow was deep and my Range Rover became immediately stuck in the driveway. I walked into the property, vacant as requested. The owners were planning on heading to their vacation home for winter while the process of selling their home was completed. I flipped on the TV to keep track of the blizzard. As I sat on the couch I could just barely make out the sound of music, and worse, the smell of pot. 

"Hello?" I called out, standing still to hear an answer. Nothing. I began to follow the sound of music and came to the door of one of many bedrooms. I lightly knocked and, again, nothing. I slowly opened the door to find Alex journaling in his bed. He was laying on his front with his pen tapping his lip, I'm assuming collecting his thoughts as of what to write next. I turned off the music and he quickly turned himself around to see who was there. 

"Alex, what are you doing here? I was told everyone would be gone for the winter." 

"Nick, I thought they told you? I can't go this week.. I have school work and one last exam." Answered Alex.

"I can't have you here. People could show up any moment to preview the home." 

I was upset. One of my conditions of selling a home is the house is to be vacant during showings and open houses. No exceptions.

"I doubt that." Alex smiled. 

"Oh? Why is that?" I replied. 

"Travel ban went into effect 2 hours ago." He said playfully without breaking his smile. 

I immediately ran back down stairs to the TV. Alex was right. Travel ban was put into effect and would not be lifted until Monday morning. The storm was severe and getting worse. I figured I could still make it home if I took back roads, so I went to my SUV and quickly realized, after spinning the tires for 15 minutes, I was not going anywhere. 

"What are you going to do?" Asked Nat, my girlfriend, over the phone. 

"I'm not sure, honestly it looks like I'm setting up camp here until further notice." I replied. 

I hung up with Nat and sat on the couch in front of the fireplace. What was I going to do? It's Friday night and the travel ban is active until at least Monday morning. I held both my hands in prayer position to my face, my mind racing as to different ways to get home. 

Just as I began to relax, down the stairs came Alex. He was wearing tight low cut jeans and a cropped shirt of some kind with his belly button exposed. He walked to the fireplace and began to stuff it with newspaper and freshly cut logs. As he bent over I caught a glimpse of what appeared to be a red string thong riding up his back from his jeans. I stared for seconds, but felt like hours. 

Just then, without notice, I could feel myself heating up again. I couldn't control it, I felt tingly and nervous. Alex turned to me and I quickly glanced away towards a painting on the wall. 

"You like?" Asked Alex 

I flushed. "Like.. what?"

"The painting, duh!" Laughed Alex.

"Oh.. Yes very much. I have similar artwork at home." I said with relief. 

"Daddy loves it, he says it's the centerpiece of the home. He stares at it all day but never once looks at me." Alex said jokingly. 

I could tell it didn't bother him, he did not seek the approval of his father. He came off as a confident rebellious boy. 

"I'm sure that's not true." I said

"nope, it is. It really is true. It really is the centerpiece of the home!" He chuckled. 

We both laughed. He walked away and returned shortly with blankets and pillows. 

"The heat is out in the house, in case you hadn't noticed." ... I had noticed. It was freezing in here. We put the TV on and watched some late night comedy together on the couch. We shared a blanket but sat on opposite ends of the couch. Occasionally I would glance over. He had such a nice smile, and the perfect shade of tan skin. I would snap myself out of it and fixate on the TV. 

I awoke in the middle of the night, surprised to find Alex had his body rested against my arm. He was peacefully sleeping. I was flushed, it felt like all of the blood in my body was rushing to the surface of my skin. I snuck away to the kitchen to get a glass of water. The time read 2:33 am. I quickly gulped down two glasses and returned to the living room where, taken by surprise, Alex was gone. I sat back down disappointed he had gone. Why was this happening? Why was I disappointed? 

After a few minutes Alex returned with two glasses of wine and a small joint. 

"we're stuck here, might as well make the best of it!" He laughed. 

We sipped on wine and exchanged stories. I reluctantly agreed to have a few pulls of the joint. It didn't really do anything for either of us, but put me into a relaxed mood. Alex offered to top off my wine and as I handed him the glass, the little wine I had left spilled on his shirt. His white shirt was stained and I apologised profusely while he laughed it off. 

"No worries!" He said as he began to take his shirt off. I was completely taken off guard as I realized he was wearing a very tight strap over his chest. It was a training bra. Upon seeing it I froze and stared. Embarrassingly, my gaze was interrupted. 

"I wear it to feel sexy." Alex said in a confident feminine tone.

"Oh.. uhhh... No it's...Uhhh. it's great." I mustered up so eloquently. 

"It's.. great?" Alex said, smiling, reading I was nervous. 

Before I could say anything Alex, who was on his knees on the couch put his wine glass down and edged closer to me. 

"I saw you look at my underwear earlier. You were checking me out!" He teased.

"Alex... Look.. I'm not sure what you think you saw but I'm straight. I have a girlfriend."

Alex just smiled not breaking eye contact. 

I've held eye contact with the wealthiest of men, CEOs, celebrities. I am a confident man. But his big eyes and perfect smile was, for the first time, causing me to look away. Again I looked to the opposite side of the room when I felt Alex move his leg over my lap. 

"Alex, what are you doing?" I asked.

"Just tell me to stop and I'll stop." He replied. 

"Alex.. this isn't right." I said panicking. I knew I had to tell him to stop. I was preparing to say it when the heat in my stomach moved completely to my groin. The feeling of his weight on me was such a turn on. I was burning inside, and could feel myself growing. Was this really happening?

"Just tell me to stop, and I'll stop." He repeated as he put his small soft hands on the back of my neck. I decided to look up from his training bra to his face, now with a small gap in his lips and his head tilted down with his big brown eyes looking up at me. 

He slowly leaned in and kissed me. I was frozen in time. Our lips were touching as he let out the smallest of moans. He retreated to gauge my reaction and looked at me with a slight smile. 

"Do you want me to stop?" He asked. He knew I didn't, but I was speechless as he took my silence for a no and proceed to put his mouth towards my neck. Chills went down my spine as I felt his lips lightly brush my neck. I couldn't believe this was happening. My whole body felt like pins and needles, and I was so incredibly hard. He could feel me growing under him and moaned when he felt me through his pants. He arched the small of his back and placed my hands there as he began to gently grind. I knew this was wrong, and I was scared, but I couldn't stop him. Physically I was much bigger, but I couldn't bring myself to tell him to stop. 

He looked at me and I looked at him, and our mouths finally drew together. I could feel myself ready to cum almost instantly and was almost pushed over the edge when his tongue entered my mouth. We kissed and it grew more aggressive. I wanted to taste his spit, I wanted to taste all of him. 

I moved my hands to his jeans and he pulled the back of his jeans down exposing his tight bubble butt. He grabbed my wrists and moved my hands over his bare skin. I could feel myself pre-cumming in my pants but I felt like I would never stop being horny. We continued to kiss while I moved him onto his back on the couch. 

I had no idea what was coming over me, but I couldn't stop. I kissed him down his neck to his smooth boyish chest. I pulled down his training bra and began to kiss and lick his nipples. He flexed his chest and rib cage out as I did this and moaned loudly, grabbing the back of my hair. I decided to go lower to his stomach. His stomach was smooth and toned and I kissed it wildly. The fire I had lost so long ago was quickly reignited. He pulled his jeans down and there it was. Just barely contained in his red panties was his erection. I looked up at him nervously, he had a finger in between his teeth looking back down at me. I lowered myself back down and licked his panty line being extra careful to avoid touching his member. 

I wanted to build up anticipation, to torture him with my tongue. The foreplay was working. His body was writhing beneath me. His penis slipped out from his panties and while holding my breathe, I slid my hand along his shaft. It was perfect. It was absolutely perfect. The tip was lightly coated in his juices, as he had came ever so slightly during foreplay. I was so nervous but so excited. I couldn't wait. I needed to taste him. 

My lips began to break their seal and my breathing quickened. This was the moment. I wasn't sure what to expect but I knew I wanted it. I drew closer to his throbbing dick. It was average size, but perfect to me. I closed my eyes and finally his head touched my lips. For the first time in my life I let out a moan. I lightly licked the pre-cum of his head and it tasted salty and warm. I loved it. I knew I needed more. I decided I couldn't take it any longer, I put one hand over his perfect ass and pulled him into me. I took all of him into my mouth and wrapped my tongue around his head. His penis was throbbing in my mouth, as he was vigorously sucking his own fingers. 

"Nick... Oh my god Nick.. please... Please im going to cum if you don't stop.." he pleaded.

But I couldn't stop. I wanted to feel him fill my mouth with his hot cum. I could feel it coming, he began to thrust lightly in my mouth and I knew he was ready to climax. I began to moan while I sucked harder and harder. It happened so quickly, he released himself into me and filled my mouth. I could feel it dripping down my lips and chin. I was in heaven. His cum tasted so good and all I could think about was having more. I drew back with a mouth full of cum and began to kiss him. I swapped the cum into his mouth and he gladly accepted. Our tongues wrapped around each other as we shared his thick hot seaman.