 It all happened one Thursday night some years ago when I was in my mid to late twenties. I was, and still am, very happily married to a beautiful, sexy, intelligent woman. She worked silly hours at the time, and was often away over night in some godforsaken part of the UK. I was working locally in a company that I was desperate to leave, and bored me stupid.

So, I had a boring job, not enough time with my wife, and not a lot to do in the evenings while she was away. Looking back, I think I lead quite a sad existence all in all. In fact, I think I was looking for some excitement in my life. Something to bring back the joy and exuberance of my late teens/early twenties, when sex partners seemed to come and go, the lads were nearly always available, and the summers never ended. Life was so easy then. A few hours a day in college, then off to the pub, chat to women, drink beer, go fishing, play pool...and then off to a club for dancing and so much flirting....and occasionally...a load of sex.

I remember one woman I had an affair with when I was 20. An affair? Who am I trying to kid. It's not like we ever did anything other than fuck. She was 34, and the dirtiest, kinkiest, most sex loving woman I had ever met. She ruthlessly seduced me and then systematically fucked my brains out for a couple of months. She liked it all...oral, and yes she swallowed and loved a man coming on her face, anal, double penetration with me and a dildo, and she even threatened to invite her friend around one time. Jeez life was good when I was 20.

But, I'm supposed to be telling you about the first time I sucked a cock. Well that's why I started writing this, anyway. So what was I saying...Oh yes, I was trying to point out the difference between married life, which was so good in many ways, and the halcyon days of my single life.

I guess being married, whilst wonderful, made me realize just how lucky I'd been when I was younger, and just how restricting it is once you've made a commitment to someone. It's not that all the fun disappears, far from in fact, it's just that it's...well...different.

So it looked like it was going to be another quite night playing games or watching TV. When we moved in together, we'd bought a house some miles away from where we grew up, so our circle of friends had not only changed, but was still fairly limited. We'd had a single guy renting the place next door for the first two years. He'd recently moved, and the new neighbors were a youngish couple with a small kid...and a flea ridden black.....dog type thing. I think it might have been part Labrador, but basically, it was a mutt. Whatever, they were happy being together, and didn't need me hanging around.

So, I had no reason to think that night was going to be any different to the previous lonely nights, which was why I was pleasantly surprised to hear the phone ring. It was Jim, the guy who used to live next door, wondering if I fancied a beer one night soon. I most certainly did, and suggested right now. He said OK, and was on my door step within 20 minutes. 

The best pub in town was a good 10 minute walk, so I guess it would have been about 9:00 p.m. by the time we got there. We ordered two pints of a rather fine English ale, Wadsworths 6X I seem to recall, and sat down to chew that fat like so many other men in the pub. We talked about God know what over a couple or three pints, and like so many men before us, began talking about sex. Jim's girlfriend of 5 minutes (his always lasted that long) had left him fairly recently, and he was still pissed off by it. His problem was that he was a straightforward nice guy, and for some reason, women didn't find him that exciting. I'm not sure why, but then, I've never really understood women that well. He was good looking, fit, healthy, great job, good salary and his own house, but he just wasn't what women were looking for.

Anyway, there you have it, one single man, and one single for the night man, chatting in a pub over a pint, putting the world to rights. Jim began to tell me all about his sexual exploits with the ex. He wasn't bragging in anyway. It was almost like he was consoling himself over his loss. Bloody right too! I'd seen her, and would have quite happily entertained her for the evening (or longer) in my single days. We chatted for a bit, and his talk about women had me thinking about my own wife, and getting rather frisky thinking about fucking her silly on her return.

The beer flew by, and the landlord called time just before we ordered another. So after 3 pints each, we ventured out into the cool night air.

Cold air always accentuates alcohol for some reason and I remember feeling a nice buzz from the beer. Nothing excessive, just not quite 100% coordinated. I asked Jim if he wanted a coffee before he walked back to his place, so he came in and I put the kettle on. I always had a porno lying around the place, and Jim knew where to look. He lined up the video while I made the drinks, and we settled in to watch some good late night fucking.

A great 3-some was being shown, with a man being sucked off enthusiastically by two women. Of course, he had a cock the size of my arm, and was soon splattering his cum all over the faces of his two, oh so willing, counterparts. I have to admit that I have a bit of a thing for a facial, and oral sex in general for that matter, so it will be no surprise to you that I had a major hard on. I looked over a Jim on the couch and could see him shuffling about trying to organize his own "problem". We were chatting during the film, and Jim wanted to know if I watched the films with my wife. I told him that we'd watched a few together, and he said that at least I had someone to "take care" of me. I pointed out that I would be wanking that night the same as him. We both laughed at our respective predicaments. What a sad pair we were.

The 3 pints of beer and the coffee were beginning to have an effect on me, and I nipped off to have a piss. For some reason, and I still don't know why, as I was walking up the stairs to the bathroom, I thought "he wants me to suck him off! And more to the point, I think I want to!" By the time this thought had sunk in, I was merrily pissing away, and getting an even stronger hard on. Shit...this needed thinking about. I wouldn't have described myself as attracted to men, but I'd had the odd thought about what it might be like. I tucked my uncomfortable cock back into my trousers, and tried to get the strange thoughts out of my head. It was only my imagination after all. He didn't really want a blow job from his mate.

I went back downstairs, butterflies in my stomach, with my new revelation still running though my mind. What would I do if he asked me, or offered to suck me? How could I manipulate the situation so that I could suck him? Hang on...a minute ago, it was simply wondering...now, I wanted it. All the time I was pondering the issue at hand, the porno was playing, and my cock was throbbing...almost painfully. It was all getting rather hard to handle (pun intended).

Time was getting on, and Jim said it was time for him to go and sort out his problem before he made a mess my couch and himself. I laughed and said "Do you want me to sort it out?"

Where the fuck did that come from? Scant minutes before, it had been a mere thought worthy of consideration, and now I'd offered. Oh shit!!!

Jim's response was a simple, rather throaty, "Yes".

Seconds later, I was undoing his jeans while rubbing his straining bulge. The TV was showing a very attractive Asian woman fucking and sucking a big cock, and a moment later, I had my hand around the first cock I'd ever felt that wasn't my own. It was so hot and hard. My heart was racing as I slowly began to move my hand up and down his shaft. I'd been circumcised at a young age, so his uncut cock was so different, yet strangely familiar. I was mesmerized by the way his foreskin moved up and down to reveal his purple head.

He was breathing hard. The combination of porn, beer, and a rather taboo act, was working him into a frenzy, and I could see a drop of precum on the top of his cock. Without a thought I stuck out my tongue and flicked it off. He gasped, and I pulled my tongue back in to my mouth and tasted someone else's cum for the first time. It was so sweet, so hot, so...so...I wanted more.

Jim was half sitting, half reclining on the couch watching porn while being wanked off. I looked up at him, and he was staring at me. The look was pure lust. "Suck me" was all he said. So I did. No second thoughts. I simply opened my mouth, and devoured his raging cock. I rubbed his balls while I worked up and down the length of his cock with my tongue. If I'd known it was this much fun, I'd have done it years before, but the thought had barely entered my mind. Now here I was, salivating over my first cock, and wanting to suck for ever. I couldn't get enough in my mouth. He was about 6 inches long, and I wanted it all. Every last bit. I tried to deep throat, and gagged a little. I pulled back, and began lick the head in earnest, flashing my tongue backwards and forwards all around, willing him to cum.

I didn't have to wait long. I turned my head to watch the porno, Jim's cock still in my wanting mouth. The Asian woman was now showing me the way. I watched her wank and suck the big cock and I tried to copy her every move as best I could. She was certainly having success, as a long stream of hot pearly cum splattered over here beautiful lips. I felt Jim tense, and he told me that he was going to cum. 

I turned to face him again, and smiled, as best I could with a face full of cock, and I felt his load splash in to my waiting mouth. I briefly thought about pulling away and letting him cum on my face, but I wanted to taste him fully. Having gone this far, there was no way I was going to miss out. I swirled his cum around my mouth and continued to lick and suck until he pleaded with me to stop.

I sat back, smiling. I was euphoric. I couldn't believe what I'd done. I knew immediately that I'd feel different in the morning when the had lust worn off. Still, that was tomorrow's problem. Right then, I was the happiest man alive, with the possible exception of Jim.

He breathed a huge sigh and asked if I wanted the same in return. To my surprise, I said no thanks...maybe next time. He grinned and told me to count on it and with that he left.

I sat stunned in the chair recalling the strange events of that evening, while causally rubbing my cock. I still had a major hard on that needed taking care of, and I wondered at my refusal of Jim's offer. I also wondered about how I'd feel in the morning. I wanted to tell someone about it: to describe the feelings, the emotion, the sensations. Of course, there as no one I could tell. I could hardly call my wife and tell her that I just sucked a guy off.

So, I sat there casually tossing my self off until I shot stream after stream of cum all over my chest and stomach. I scooped some off with my finger, and tasted it. Slightly saltier than Jim's I noted. And then it occurred to me....I was no longer "straight". I was "bi".

I went to bed and slept as well as I can remember. In fact, I was late for work the next morning. I spent most to the next day thinking about the night before, and mulling it over in my mind. I found myself looking at men wondering if they'd done what I'd done, and if they'd enjoyed it as much. And then the most wonderful thought entered my mind. 

If you're not bisexual, you're missing out on half the fun.