 This is a true story that happened in my very early twenties. I have always been a little oversexed. Maybe not a sex fiend, but I always loved men's magazines and pornography, even when I was in my early teens.

I think the reason I was so oversexed was because I am pretty well endowed, about 9" cut and very thick. Women have always told me that I have one of the biggest and most attractive cocks they have ever seen. I remember I used to masturbate a lot as a kid, behind a locked bathroom door. I always liked women and never paid much attention to the men in the photos of the pornography I used to jack off with. I would say I was definitely heterosexual.

I got married when I was 22 to a beautiful girl and sex was fanatastic. If it matters, back then I was about 6'3" tall, 190 lbs., and considered attractive. This all changed one day.

I was at the mall shopping with my wife and hanging out while she looked at shoes. I excused myself to go to the bathroom which was on the other side of the mall from where she was shopping. Leaving her I walked to the men's bathroom and entered the only unoccupied stall. There were two stalls side by side and one had someone in it. Before I entered and locked the door I noticed a guy standing at the sink combing his hair and glancing over at me as I closed the door.

I immediately noticed a hole in the partition between the two stalls about waist level. The hole was about 5 inches in diameter and written above it was graffiti that said, "for a great blowjob stick cock in hole". I stood and while getting ready to pee, noticed movement and shuffling from the person in the next stall. Hauling out my cock and balls, I noticed an eye very close to the hole watching me. I was a little scared but always liked showing off my cock. The eye came very close to the hole and watched my every movement. For some reason I started getting stiff and figured I would give this guy a little show.

Rubbing my cock, I got a full erection in about thirty seconds and kind of turned to face the hole. I was really getting into it and had an urge to make myself come before I left. While I was jacking off the eye was replaced with a pair of lips that I could tell belonged to a well shaven and clean cut face. As he licked those lips inviting me to a blowjob I figured I would just let him suck on the tip for a second and then get the hell out of there. I put that big plum tip to the hole and he gobbled it up. Pressing his lips as far into the hole as he could I fed him a couple more inches so he could get some more meat.

I'm not gay but this guy was swallowing as much as I would give him and I was loving it. He only had about 4 or 5 inces up til then so, I just plowed through that hole showing off the whole thing. My cock was as hard as I ever remember it being, a true solid 9 inches and I pushed through balls and all for him to worship. He took my nuts in his mouth and started slobbering all over them. I was hoping he would hurry up and get back on my cock when all the sudden he just quit.

I heard a "click" and felt a breeze of air on my cock. Thinking he had left me hanging there I was just about to pull out, zip up and leave when I heard that "click" again and felt him rubbing my cock and balls with what seemed like more than two hands. I knew that the guy at the sink I had seen earlier had entered his stall and now one guy was sucking my cock and one guy was sucking on my balls. They worked on my cock and balls like pros. I never felt anything so good and just wanted to come as soon as possible.

It felt like they were just teasing me now, slurping and stopping or nibbling and quitting. I started pumping that hole begging for more so I could come. All the sudden it stopped. I thrust forward but nobody touched it. I kept humping that hole but they had just quit. I pulled back, fell to my knees and looked into the hole and saw two enormous cocks fully erect within inches of my face. I couldn't see their faces but both guys were hung like porno stars. I thought I had a big cock but one guy pushed a solid 10 inches of the thickest meat I have ever seen in that hole.

It was hard as steel and unlike I imagined it looked like the healthiest, cleanest, and most masculine piece of flesh I have ever seen. I couldn't help looking at it. It commanded my attention. I started licking on the tip and he groaned while I did this. Loudly and clearly he said "suck that dick bitch, you know you want it". I was scared someone might walk in and hear all his talking, but I couldn't stop working on that tip.

As I started taking a couple of inches in my mouth, I heard him say, "attaway girl, swallow that big cock", and "you need it don't you". I wished he would be quiet but I also loved the way he was talking to me. The words made me flush and embarrassed me but they really turned me on too. He kept pulling more and more cock out of the hole til I only had a couple of inches to suck on. I pressed my lips as far to the hole as I could. My face ground against the hole til my lips actually extended into his stall. Grinding my lips to the hole I got to work on about 5 inches as he wouldn't allow me the whole thing.

I felt his fingers tugging on my exposed lips, roughly pinching them with his fingers and rubbing on them. I just kept my face ground to that hole praying he would give me more to suck on. While my face was pressed as tight as I could get into that hole he suddenly shoved the whole thing deep into my throat. My throat opened and accepted almost the whole thing. While I gagged at first on the entire lenght strecthing my throat out and punching deep into my gullet he shot his first squirt. I knew that he did this on purpose so I would have to swallow some of his come. I couldn't help but swallow the first spray. I didn't even know I had swallowed it til the third squirt and then only because I had pulled back from the chocking that big cock was giving my throat. I could certainly taste his come and it was kinda sweet tasting. He kept saying over and over, "eat all that juice girl, don't miss a drop".

He quit moving and just let me relax and suck on it for a moment, then pulled away. I backed up and stayed kneeling for a moment. Under the partition that did not reach the floor I saw a pair of boots step up and take his place. They were those big thick army type boots, black and shiny. This was the second guy and he wanted his turn now.

I put my face closer to the hole and he almost poked my eye with his 12 inch cock. He shoved it through the hole, balls and all. I thought the first guy was hung but this guy was huge. It was a solid true 12 inches long. It almost didn't look real. It was just too big. This cock was so hard and straight. The biggest cock I had ever seen in all the porno movies I had ever watched.

Unlike the other guy, he didn't tease me at all. He just let it stand rock hard while I really got a chance to enjoy it. I started really concentrating on taking the whole thing an inch at a time. For some strange reason I wanted so desperately to please this man. I got comfortable with about 6 or 7 inches, just trying so hard to do a great job. I heard him say, "now that you have already gotten your first taste of come show me you know how to swallow it without being forced to".

I wanted to prove I would swallow it for him and just kept going deeper and deeper. I had a steady rythem of about 9 or 10 inches which was really gagging me. Drool was rolling off my chin onto the floor. I tried so hard to press my face into his pelvic bone, but I just couldn't handle it all. It was too big. The more I tried the more I gagged. Tears were dripping from my eyes. Gagging spasms were going all the way to my asshole. My face was full of tears, drool and cum.

Finally he grunted and hollered loudly, "eat that load sissy, don't miss a drop". I locked on and let him spray into my throat. He seemed to love the job I was doing. I swallowed every single spray. While he was cumming I sprayed the wall with my own cock, never once touching myself. I couldn't believe I had come with no touching.

I was so proud of myself for the job I did on him. He slowly started pulling away, but I wanted more. He pulled back more til my lips and mouth were pressed deeply into the hole. Just letting me suck on about 3 or 4 inches while he softened. I knew it was over but I wanted more. While my lips were extended into his side of the wall nursing on that sweet cock, again I felt him touching and rubbing my lips. I didn't care.

He zipped up while I watched both of them leave the stall and exit the bathroom. I quickly pulled my pants back up and hurried to get back to my wife before questions arose about my absence.

I exited the restroom and immediately saw two young guys and two young girls sitting on a bench close to the restroom. One guy was wearing those black shiny boots. They all stared at me and burst out laughing. They became hysterical, laughing and looking at me. Their amusemnet was so obvious.

I scurried away to my wife and on the way noticed people were staring at me all the way. I know it was my imagination but I felt like everybody knew my secret.

I then realized I still had not peed and rushed back to the restroom. The guys and girls had left. When I entered the bathroom, in the big mirror, I immediately noticed they had painted my lips with a bright red lipstick. I was so embarrassed!