 I'm 32, 5'10", 170 lbs., mod hairy, stay in shape and oh yeah, I'm straight!

Well, at least I think I am. I've never done anything with a guy before. But for some reason about a year ago, I started thinking about sucking cock! I started paying attention to other men's bodies. I've even snuck a few peeks in the gym locker room and shower.

I don't know why. It just started happening. At first, it was just a thought, but it grew and grew and after a while all I could think of was cock! Big ones, little ones, short ones long ones, white, black, brown and yellow. Oh yeah, cut and uncut.

I found myself looking at more porn on the internet. Yeah I always looked now and then and my wife and I even watched together a bit, but in the last few months, I only wanted to watch porn that included guys with big cocks. My wife didn't seem to notice, but she enjoyed the porn more too!

When she told me that she was going to be out of town for two weeks I immediately knew that this was my opportunity and I needed to seize it. I started making plans but I didn't really know how to do it.

I ended up on Craigs List and found a man who was close to where I lived, said he was married and needed his big cock sucked. I was pretty sure he was the one, but it wasn't until he sent me pics of his torso and cock that I was certain.

I told him that I had never touched another man's cock, but had been dying to for over a year. After we discussed logistics, he started talking to me about technique and what he wanted. It bothered me that he insisted that I swallow his load, but I kept going back to his picture and knew that I had to suck his cock.

It all came together, and we decided on the 2nd morning after my wife left he would come to my place. He's a runner and could adjust his route a bit and run right to my house. I didn't sleep much the night before as I was too excited. I had to resist the urge to jerk off many times through the night.

When he text me that he was leaving on his run and would be at my place in 20 minutes, I immediately went fully hard. I changed my mind back and forth three times. I almost text him not to come, but I didn't know when I'd ever have this opportunity again.

My heart was pounding in my chest and I knew I was getting too excited! I sat down and felt my hard 7" cock pulsing in my briefs, I knew I had to do this! The time felt like it was dragging on for hours until there was a knock at the door, then it seemed like it had only been seconds since he had text.

I jumped up, stumbled and almost fell before getting to the door. Fuck! When I opened the door, there he stood. I hadn't seen his face and he hadn't seen mine, we had both sent torso shots. He is a handsome man of 45, in great shape, he was wearing a well-fitting tank top that showed off his hot upper body and a short pair of runners shorts.

I think I just stood there staring. He finally said, "May I come in?"

"Oh sure, uhm, yes!"

I felt like a nervous teenage girl on her first date. The thought shot through my mind, that I have agreed, hell almost begged to suck this hot man's cock and I've never touched another man before. He introduced himself as Jim, and said, "and you're Mike, right?"

I felt stupid as all I could do was nod.

He locked the door and then turned to me and said, "I don't have much time we gonna do this here?"

I just nodded and he said, "Well then cocksucker, I suggest you get on your knees!"

I couldn't believe first that I was actually going to do this, second that I was so excited I could barely think or speak and third that I had just been called a "cocksucker"!

I stood there looking at him and he put his hand on my shoulder and started pushing down. I was surprised at his boldness but realized he knew I was kind of stunned and that I had no idea what I was doing.

I nodded and dropped. As I did he lowered his running shorts exposing a sleek white jock that was just a bit damp. He pulled my face in and I could whiff a bit of his scent and see and feel his hard cock through it. It was easy to make out the outline of a big mushroom head.

He pulled back just a bit, put his thumbs in the waistband of the jock, pulled out and then down, his hard cock sprung out and up. It was as hard as my cock was or more. Jesus I had never seen another man's hard cock in real life, this was so much different than seeing one in a porn movie.

I just stared at it. After a few minutes, Jim said, "Come on Mike, I know it's your first time, but I don't have a lot of time here, suck it, or at least get your first licks in, it won't bite!"

I think I was a little bit mesmerized by its shape. It was about 7" like mine, the shaft was about the same thickness, at least in some places, but it had that huge mushroom head. Where mine is almost straight as an arrow his arched up from his thick bush and then curves back down. Then I noticed about at the curve it got a lot thicker.

Jim just grabbed my head and pulled it to his cock! I opened my mouth and pressed it against his cock, and he moaned! I liked that! I wondered how this would go. I almost immediately felt and tasted a bit of precum on my tongue. It was slick, salty and sweet.

I was amazed at the texture and feel of his cock, hard as steel, smooth as silk. I have sampled my own precum before, but his was much stronger and I loved the texture. Soon he pulled me in closer and the head popped into my mouth. "Watch your teeth there!"

I nodded and did my best. I ran my tongue around the fat head and across the leaking piss slit, that was so fucking hot, and he moaned loud! He started pulling my mouth farther and farther down his big cock. I was doing great until it hit the back of my throat and then the gag reflex kicked in. I had to pull off! He kind of laughed and said, just relax, you'll get used to it.

I looked at his slick thick cock and the string of precum hanging from it. I thought it would gross me out, but it turned me on. Soon I leaned in all on my own, opened my mouth and covered his cock with it again. I slid up and down it feeling all the textures and tasting his precum, but I stayed away from letting it hit my tonsils.

He allowed me to do as I pleased so I was a cocksucker on my knees and ran my hands up his thighs and then over his hairy belly and chest. I enjoyed the feeling as I had never touched another man's body. I did notice that his big hairy balls were pulling up. His cock was harder and thicker if possible. He grabbed my head again and suddenly I felt and tasted a thick glob of cum on my tongue.

I hadn't thought about taking his load, I just wanted to see what a cock felt, smelled and tasted like. Suddenly his cock pulsed and a thick hot shot of cum blasted my tonsils and he grunted. Before I could react a second shot and then a third rocketed into my mouth.

He was jerking and started pumping in and out quickly as more of his cum exited his cock into my mouth. He growled, "Yeah bitch take my sperm!"

I tried to pull off, but he held me steady and pumped in and out a bit. I swallowed just by reaction as he slowed his assault. He was breathing heavy and held on for a few more minutes and then pulled out and let long streams of cum string from his cock and down my chin. I was kind of in shock, a little disgusted, hugely turned on and hard as a rock!

"Sorry buddy didn't mean to shoot that quickly, but I had a load built up for several days. I do my best not to beat off, but my wife isn't interested in sex very often these days, I think she's starting her change, but fuck that was hot!"

I just stayed there on my knees mesmerized by his still hard dripping cock. It is an amazing looking piece of meat, I wanted to etch the image into my brain for future beat off sessions.

"Okay now get up, pull off those shorts, sit in that chair and I'm going to show you what great head feels like, I'm going to bet you've never had "great" head!"

I was kind of on autopilot. I wasn't expecting to get my cock sucked, I hadn't even thought that far ahead, and if I had I after seeing this guy, would not have expected this hot masculine man to ever want to suck my cock.

As I was pulling off my shorts I realized that this would be another first or, well several firsts. No man had ever seen my cock hard, and no man had ever touched me, especially while I was naked, not to mention hard.

Since I was on autopilot, when he said, "Come on, I don't have much time here!" I reacted! I stood, moved to the chair, stripped off my shorts, my cock slapped up against my belly and I sat down.

In seconds he was on the floor between my legs. He leaned in and licked from the base of my cock to the tip. I heard myself moan and for a second thought, I was going t shoot right then. Before it went too far he wrapped his big hand around my balls sack and pulled it down a bit. That made my cock pull away from my belly and stand straight up.

At that point he started licking the shaft again, and then came up and ran his hot, wet tongue around the head. I felt like I was pissing precum as his lips slid over the head of my cock and then slid about halfway down the shaft.

My wife doesn't enjoy sucking cock and on the rare occasion that she treats me, it isn't exceptional. Jim had already given me more oral pleasure in the first 30 seconds than my wife had in our entire marriage.

He slid his mouth up to the head again and ran his tongue around it. Then he poked at the piss slit with it and made me grunt. Soon he was sliding up and down the shaft and suddenly made my entire cock disappear into his mouth.

I could feel his lips wrapped tightly around the base, but what was more was feeling the head encased in his tight, wet throat! Holy crap, I'm pretty sure if he hadn't been holding my balls down tight I would have just unloaded straight down his throat.

He popped the head in and out of his throat three or four times going from the tip of the head to the base. He pulled off and smiled at me and said, "If you learn how to do that I won't be able to get enough! Now since you did really well for a first time, I'm going to show you something else that is amazing!"

He licked my balls and then took both of them in his mouth. That felt great too, but I didn't consider that "something amazing", I liked my cock in his throat much better. While he was slurping my balls and I was enjoying that, he put his hands under my thighs and pushed them up, and just kept going farther and farther.

Soon he dipped below my balls and ran his pointed wet tongue right over my butthole. I know I groaned really loud and I'm pretty sure if I had been able to see his face, I would have known he was smiling.

I was almost hollering "oh holy fuck" in between grunts and groans. He came up after a few minutes, which was nowhere long enough and hung one of my legs on his strong shoulders, as he leaned in and took my cock deep into his throat again he slid a finger into my tight virgin hole.

Again, that was totally unexpected! I felt like my brain had been fried, sparks and energy bolts of pleasure were coursing all over my body. My butthole started spasming on his finger and my cock pulsed and jerked and I hollered as shot blast after blast of about three days of a built up cum load straight down his throat.

My cock and brain were so busy cumming I don't even know when his finger came out of my butt, I just realized it wasn't there when I stopped shooting. Jim kept my cock deep in his throat until I was finished cumming and then slowly let it pop out. He squeezed hard with his lips as he slid to the tip, trying to pull all the cum out he could get.

Once he was finished, he gently let my legs down, wiped his mouth on the back of his hand, stood up, pulled his shorts up and said, "That was smoking hot buddy, you'll probably need day or two to process this, but send me a text if you want me to stop by day after tomorrow when I'm on my run again. Sorry, I've got to get out of here, my wife gets suspicious if I'm gone too long!"

With that he smiled again, turned and left!