 I finally moved my mouth away from Jim's and took another deep breath, then pushed back just a bit more and I almost hollered when I felt his thick cock just slither into my hole!

Chapter 3

He moaned and I let out an almost squeal! Oh, fuck! It felt very strange but amazing. All of the sudden I wanted it out of me, I don't know if it was more because it scared me or more because it felt as if I needed to take a huge dump.

I told Jim and he said, "Just relax, and kiss me, don't move, that feeling will go away in a few minutes, just relax Mike, I'm right here with you, just enjoy the feeling!"

It took every ounce of resolve I had to keep his cock inside of me, but Jim pulled my face back to his and started kissing me again. That distraction helped a lot! Between kisses, he was telling me how great it felt, and how hot I am, and what an amazing ass I have and how I am one of the lucky few who enjoys having a cock inside of them the first time!

Part of me wanted to argue that point as there was plenty of discomfort to go along with the pleasure I was receiving, but then kind of without my noticing, it all became pleasure!

Jim pulled me into him, and slowly slid his hands down the side of my body until they reached my butt. His hands started massaging the cheeks and slowly, almost imperceptibly at first, he started moving his cock in and out.

Our kissing intensified and slowly Jim's strokes were longer and eventually a bit faster and more intense. I was slowly relaxing and the feelings just kept getting better and better. I could feel my cock making a big wet spot on his hairy belly and my cock was throbbing.

My panting began again, this time it was right into Jim's lungs. He never got frantic, but his cock was fucking me in longer and faster strokes. It was as if it happened all the sudden, but it actually took some time, but hole just opened up and I wanted more and more.

Jim slowed his assault and looked me in the eyes and said, "You're open now stud, you really want this, I want to change positions and be on top in the dominant position, you ready to try that?"

"Uhm, yeah I guess."

I got off of him and started to lay face down, and he said, "No I want to be looking at your face when I slide my thick cock back into you and it will be all pleasure now, and I want to be looking at your face when you shoot that big load that is going to explode out of your balls!"

I did as he said, and laid on my back, soon he was between them and raised my legs. Having him put my ankles over his shoulders and looking down at me, made me feel kind of female, but I fought the feeling because I wanted his cock back inside of me, and now some part of me wanted to please him and another part wanted him to dominate me.

He raised my legs high and went in and lapped at my hole. It was amazing, his tongue now just slid in easily I wondered if I was gaping?

I didn't have long to think about it as his cock found my hole and without hands just slid into me. The feeling was intense, but not painful. He kissed me deeply and pulled back and said, "Get ready to shoot that big load you hot stud!"

Then the pounding began!

He kept his face close to mine and his sweaty and hairy body plastered to mine. His strokes were getting faster, deeper and pulling out farther, I was feeling the entire length of his cock.

It started with a dull ache deep in my ass, and then in my balls. It kept getting more and more intense. If his cock hadn't felt so amazing sliding in and out of me, and then that intense feeling when he hit bottom, I would have had to stop, but all I could do was pant, moan and grunt.

Then, all of the sudden it happened. I felt a slight squirt and then the floodgates opened. When Jim felt the first little squirt, he raised up off of me a bit but kept pounding and then shot after shot of hot cum thicker than it has been since I was a kid shot out of my cock and up my body. 

My head was back and a couple of blasts hit my chin, but Jim gave me a couple of harder strokes and I painted a stripe across my face, then he grunted and started hollering as I felt his cock jerk and pulse deep inside of me!

Holy fuck, he was cumming inside of me! I hadn't even thought about this, he was breeding me like I was a woman! I didn't have time for too many feeling at this point as there was a lot of it and it was kind of sloshing around inside of me and made him fucking me just feel better.

Jim stayed inside of me for quite I while after we came. It was a nice feeling, but I was getting restless in the position and he lowered my legs. He bent to kiss me again, and said, "Damn Mike, that was so fucking hot, and so much more than I expected. I hope I can see you tomorrow and I hope you want to fuck me, but I've got to go!"

In a flash Jim was dressed and out the door. I just kind of laid there with my head whirling!