 It was simply divine our very first fuck, having gotten the preliminaries done, but with Tim and I - well we soon realised we had so much in common and I had the hots for him the first time I met him in the super bowl. He looked so good in chino's and white tee shirt, and if I was ever unsure about my sexual leaning before, I knew then.

I sort of approached him casually at first, not at all sure if he was on my wavelength. But I will always recall that so friendly smile, like he was so pleased to meet me and, to my utter delight, it did not take long for us both to realise we were indeed on the same wavelength, and that was a real thrill I shall never forget. 

When, after the super bowl was done, he asked if I would like to join him for a drink which eventually led to, well you know what, and then Tim asking me home to his place for a 'nightcap' - well that was it, I was the happiest guy in all the world and a whole new part of my life was opening for me big time.

Having coffee and biscuits he joined me on his luxury red velvet sofa and we simply exchanged details of our life tp date. He asked if I had ever been with a guy before and I told him I hadn't because,frankly, until I met him I was unsure.

"You wont mind then if I tell you that I have, Pete?"

I looked at him in ore, I felt I had been missing out, all those dates I had had with girls and I could never perform, so they left me, and me thinking I was some sort of abnormal person or something, but now it was fine with me - to think that Tim had experienced sexual encounters of the gay kind and so I replied that it was fine.

"Only three guys" he advised; "and each of them - they were just a passing thing like ships passing in the night, they were a good shag but that's all, it couldn't last - but with you Pete, I feel much more than just sexual awareness already."

I felt myself warming to Tim and snuggled up to him, that was the first time he touched me, he kissed me on my cheek, his hand gently stroking me down there as the kisses continued and I felt the absolute magic of our first wonderfully warm and venturing deep French kiss. Now I knew what real kisses were all about, all those kisses with girls, the fumbling, everything could never compete.

"You feel good to me, Pete" Tim said softly, his hand being more predominant now as I started to feel the deep thrill of his varying touch over my brush jeans, then the slow but firm squeeze which made me grow to a strength I could never have had before, those girls that had done that to me, It was never the same because I always had that feeling of lacking confidence, knowing that when it came to it I could never maintain an erection, even after oral sex, when Jennifer did it so beautifully to me, even then I could not reach anything and she went storming out and I never saw her again.

We talked about it, Tim and I, because I felt comfortable with him, he said not to worry about it, that probably I had more female hormones in me any way as many gay guys do, that I was a 'taker' and not a 'giver.'

Not quite knowing what that meant he told me, that I felt the surge of a woman in as much that I would want to be the one to take cock and not to give.

"That's a good way of putting it" I said but I wondered how he would feel about that, perhaps he was a 'taker' too.

He just placed my hand upon his extraordinary swelling over his chino's which I noticed earlier and wanted to touch. He massaged me at the same time. "That will be just fine with me because I want to fuck you more than anything else in the world Pete - now feel this and see what you think!"

I did, he unzipped for me and it popped out like a proverbial jack in the box and I was immediately impressed, he squeezed it to the full as I watched and I was already frantic for more.

"Well there it is, Pete, what do you think?"

I was lost for words and he knew it, it was like he could read my mind because as I breathed in his scent, I felt his hand, moving around the back of my head, gently pulling it down so that my face was right up against his cock, he pulled his chinos down and also his briefs for full exposure and I was lamented with a wonderfully thrilling close -up of a wonderfully stiff - which must have been eight inches in length - of throbbing cock and delightfully warm and firm balls.

'What had I been missing?' was going through my head as I knew he was prompting me to take him in my mouth, this would be a first time, something I had often thought about, maybe most guys have tried to take their own into their mouths and suck it, wondering on the feeling of that.

Hesitant at first he told me just to chill and take it calmly, gently rubbing its head against my face, unlike me he had been circumcised and I was thinking just how much more hygienic that was, I had a sort of earthiness about it and when he showed me how he liked it rubbed I so enjoyed that, smelling the palm of the hand I had been using, when exchanging to use the other, I realised the first full scent of him, something which wonderously turned me into a frenzy when immediately I took his cock into my mouth and sucked away to my hearts content!

That first experience was really something I could never ever put into words, suffice to say it was one of the most beautiful experiences to the sense of smell, touch and taste as I'd ever experienced. Tim gently massage it as I sucked.

He moaned, I looked up still sucking intensely, the look in his eyes said how much he wanted me, I felt his hand wonder around behind, his fingers helping themselves to the back opening and I knew at last I was going to receive my very first fuck up there.

"It will hurt a bit first time, Pete but I will be gentle." and I felt his hand explore me and his fingers so wonderfully anointing me with some lubricant which felt so nice. I felt him expertly stretching me, asking me to open as wide as I could, me laying on my back, legs and knees apart - watching his head go down and suckle me, his tongue teasing underneath my balls, licking up my cock and making me feel so very special, then another first time I would never forget, Tim sucking my ass hole like it was a fruit lolly or something and it felt so very right and special, then the way he lightly slapped both my ass cheeks telling me just how good I looked in tight jeans and what a great bum I have, just waiting to be fucked.

"I want that, more than anything else in the world" I told him.

"Are you ready then Pete?"

"As ready as I'll ever be Tim" and I was, I had this feeling I'd never had before at the back, a sort of emptiness that needed to be filled and I was craving for it.

He said would I like to lean over on all fours, legs apart and he would kneel between, for me to grit my teeth until I got used to it.

I wasn't quite high enough for him to make a good entry so he placed a couple of cushions beneath my knees which made my ass perch up better for him and no sooner had I settled again when I felt the warmth of his strong cock rimming around my asshole in such a way that I could hear the squeaking sound of the lubrication.

"Take another feel of it before I fuck you, Pete" Tim said and I did, I wanted that so very bad inside me and now at last it was about to happen.

Then I felt the stretch and heard a very deep breathing as he started to thrust it into me gently. He gripping my hips each side, helping me sway them from side to side to help him ease that gorgeous hot cock into me.

"Now take a deep breath and hold onto it Pete while I thrust right up you!"

The next thing I knew was a fullness I had never encountered before, a deep throbbing ache which made me feel I was going to burst inside. I yelled and he said should he stop,but I just withstood and waited for it to go away as Tim started to work it, side to side and in and out of me. After a few more fucks it started to feel numb and pleasurable and after ten minutes I wanted more and more and more.

Then he got me to turn around, I sucked his now wet creamed cock for a bit until he was ready to have me 'scissor' fashion which was lovely. And then later he taught me the art of me fucking him on top so I had control. Soon I knew I had been well and truly ass fucked which was the start of something very new and special with Tim