 Jim and I hugged and kissed each other, just as we had many times in the past. The difference this time was that he was clad only in a towel and I wanted more. I leaned back; still hugging him, looked into his eyes, smiled, and winked. 

In one smooth motion, I knelt in front of him pulling his towel from his waist. His semi-hard cock slapped my face as it bounced. I grabbed his cock with one hand and shoved it into my mouth, sucking on the soft skin, feeling the head bang against the back of my mouth. I used both hands around his waist to pull him even deeper feeling the head touch my throat. 

"What the fuck?" Jim said, trying to pull away. He failed to free himself and I could feel his cock getting longer and harder. 

"Christ, at least let me shut the door," he said, moving back, with me following on my knees. Slamming the door shut, he said, "Hold it." 

Of course, this is exactly what I desired. I held him; his cock growing longer, firmer and thicker in my mouth. I sensed that I was about to gag, and I slid my head back slightly, his cock gliding past my lips. 

"What the fuck am I going to do with you? Have you ever sucked a cock before?" 

I moved my head back and forth, indicating no. Jim moaned at the feeling my moving mouth produced on his hard cock. 

"No. Than suck me. Suck me until my come is spurting down your throat. Suck my cock. Suck me, Would-Be-Cocksucker. Suck my hard, hot, cock. Swallow my thick gooey come. Come on Bitch, get with it!" 

I released my grip on my best friend's waist and moved my head back, loving the sensation of Jim's super hard prick sliding between my lips. I wanted to swallow his hot come as it spurted from the end of his seven-inch cock. 

I didn't waste any time. I started bobbing up and down on his cock like there was no tomorrow. No loving, gentle caressing motions, no taking my time, just swallowing his glorious cock. Cock. Hot cock. Hard Cock. In my mouth. Come. Come in my mouth. 

I felt as if a fever had struck my body I was so hot. I wanted this cock deep in my body, throbbing in my mouth and throat, spurting gobs of hot come. I sucked harder and harder, taking his hard prick deeper and deeper. 

Judging from the sounds coming from Jim and his thrusting hips, it would not be long until I was swallowing his come. 

"Fuck!!!" 

If possible his cock got harder and longer. 

"I'm coming. Swallow it!!!" 

Spurt. Another spurt. His cock throbbed. Hot come splashed down my swallowing throat. I swallowed again. A Longer Spurt. I moved back, wanting to taste his come. Spurt. Splash. Spurt. Splash. On my tongue. Splash. On the roof of my mouth. Spurt. 

"Oh my God." 

He fucked my mouth; his cock spurting until my mouth was full of his come. I didn't swallow. Jim fucked and fucked my mouth as his cock softened. 

"Oh... Fuck..." 

He fell back on his butt, his long soft cock slipping from my mouth, past my lips. I swallowed the thick liquid. It was slightly salty and just a little bitter. I loved the texture and the taste. It was everything I had imagined and then some. I licked my lips, getting every drop of come. I leaned forward and licked his cock, cleaning it from top to bottom of his come, not wanting to waste a single drop. 

I stood up, looking down on the naked body at my feet. He was looking up at me through slitted eyes, breathing hard. His wet cock was lying between his hairy balls, like a pink snake. 

"It's simple, so simple," I said, pulling my Polo shirt over my head. I threw it over my shoulder and dropped my shorts. I wasn't wearing any underwear, and my hard cock, bounced in the air. I kicked my sandals and shorts off and moved in front of him. 

"Like I said, It's so simple. Your open your mouth. I stick my cock in it. You suck. You suck my cock just like I sucked yours. You suck my cock, Jim. Now. No playing around or anything. Get on your fucking knees and suck it, now!" 

He moved, pushing his body up. My cock slid between his open lips and he gagged as I shoved forward, pushing most of my thin hard eight inches into his mouth and down his throat. 

"No grace, Cocksucker. Just suck it!" 

Jim started bobbing on my cock. God it was wonderful! Better than any women had ever done me! His mouth was tight, hot, wet, and slippery. Better than my wife had ever done me. Better than any women. Jim reached up and squeezed my full balls with one hand. With the other hand, he stroked my spit-slippery cock, all the time sucking it. 

I felt it! The familiar feeling in my groin. Shit, it was going to be a good one. Maybe the best ever! 

"It's coming, Sucker. Get ready." 

I started fucking his face, pushing my cock deeper and deeper into his face, fucking it like a tight cunt. 

"Ummm! Ohhhh! Fuck!" 

I thrust and came. The first shot sent shivers up and down my body. The second spurt was more powerful and lasted longer. The third caused me to almost lose my balance. I fucked his face, looking down on the head bobbing up and down on my thrusting cock. Come was dribbling down his chin into his hand. His hand was cupped below my cock. I came and came, spurting come into his mouth, my body spasming as I spurted repeatedly. 

I continued to fuck Jim's hot wet mouth. Another small spasm followed by another, and I was finished. Jim wasn't, and he sucked my soft cock, sending chills up and down my spine. He sucked it dry of come and let my limp cock fall from his mouth. Jim raised his come-filled hand, while looking up at me. He opened his mouth, tongued, and licked the come from the palm of his hand, his lips slurping nosily. 

I fell to my knees in front of him, we embraced, kissing each other softly, and gently, our tongues touching, tasting each other's come and spit. 

We fell back and looked at each other. 

"Jacking each other off, even in front of our wives, wasn't enough, huh, Ted?" Jim asked. 

"Nope. I wanted to taste your come and it looks like you wanted mine." 

"Yeah. Shit. That was the best. Joan never did it better." 

"I know. Neither has Sally. Guess what? It can only get better." 

"How?" 

I stood up, "Give me your hand." 

I pulled him up and tugged him into the bedroom. 

"I'll show you. Lie down." 

Jim lay down on the bed. I lay down next to him and showed him how. 

It was better. 

He told me afterwards, that doing sixty-nine with a man was incredible. I told him that I had thought it might be unbelievable and that I was right. 

I told him that we were a perfect fit: His cock in my mouth. My cock in his mouth. Hot come. Swallowing throats. Licking balls. Sucking balls. Licking cocks. Sucking nipples. Kissing. Touching. Stroking. Caressing. 

It was weeks later when he showed me just how perfect a fit we could be.

Hot tight assess. Slippery with hot come. His cock fucking me. My cock fucking him. 

So simple.