 I awoke the next morning very sticky but satisfied and couldn't find the shower fast enough. As I stood there with the water running over me, I couldn't help but think about the events from last night. This of course began to arouse me and I found myself stroking my cock while I let the water run over me.

Without warning, the shower curtain was pushed aside and Mike stepped in behind me. 

Startled I said, "What are you doing?"

Laughing, he told me, "I saw you jacking and figured you wouldn't mind company."

"But what about our parents?" I hissed.

"They left earlier to deliver some stuff and won't be back until tonight," Mike said with a sly grin, "and my sister went over to our cousins house."

While I soaked up this information, Mike reached behind me and picked up the soap and began to lather us both up. He made sure to pay extra attention to all of the sensitive spots and soon had the both of us standing at attention. He put the soap down and stepped forward so that he could rub our cocks together, which felt amazing. Taking both of our members into his fist, he slowly started to slide his cock back and forth along the length of mine, fucking his fist and making my eyes widen at the sensation. I couldn't help but move my hips to the rhythm, feeling goosebumps rise up all over me. 

Mike grabbed the sprayer and said, "Let's try something else."

He rinsed us both off and then dropped to his knees, taking my cock in his hand, and began to work it slowly, making me hold my breath a bit.

"I wanted to do this last night, but we feel asleep," he said as he licked the drop of pre cum off that had worked out with his movements.

He began to slowly lick his way down the shaft till he got to my balls, which he took in turn into his mouth, lightly sucking and licking until he had my shaft bouncing and jerking. Working his way back up until he had just the knob in his mouth, swirling his tongue around the ridge, making me moan and jerk my hips.

Looking me in the eyes he asked, "You like?"

To which I could only nod and swallow hard.

He then began to work the shaft with his hand, never taking it totally out of his mouth, and taking more if it in with each stroke until he had his nose buried in my pubes. I reached down and twined my fingers into his hair and began to fuck his face, picking up the pace until I felt my balls tighten and my cock swell. I cried out and shot my load down his throat as he continued to suck and swallow. 

I was weak in the knees and shaking a bit, as he licked my cock clean until it was limp against my thigh. It took a moment to catch my breath and steady myself.

Mike leaned back, licking his lips and asked, "So, I take it you liked that?"

"Every second of it," I replied, "and now it's my turn."

Pushing him back until he was seated on the edge of the tub, I lowered myself between his legs until I was right in front of his cock. I took a second to inspect it since this was a first for me. It was slowly swelling as if it liked the attention I was giving it and I couldn't help but reach out and start to stroke it, making it get harder. He was uncut, which was new to me, and I liked watching the head disappear and reappear as I worked it. My tongue flicked out and licked it each time it would show itself, eliciting a different reaction from Mike each time it made contact. I slid my tongue under his foreskin and swirled it around the head, making him squirm as I applied some suction too. I worked my way down to his balls, licking,sucking, and stroking. It was then that I noticed that he was neatly groomed and shaved, in odd contrast to the light body hair that he had elsewhere. I took each of the smooth orbs in my mouth, loving the softness and taste. I could tell he liked this a lot, but after a bit, I rose up and took his cock in my mouth and tried to see how much of it I could take. I gagged a few times as it hit the back of my throat and heard him chuckle, but realizing I would need more practice, I just took as much as I could and stroked the rest of his shaft. 

Right as I felt his cock begin to swell, he pushed me back, turned off the water and motioned for me to get out of the shower.

"Let's go where we have more room," he said as he began to towel off. 

I walked into the bedroom, toweling off as I went as he gathered some things in the bathroom. I was rubbing my hair dry when he gave me a push and I landed on the bed. I looked up to see him standing there with a can of shaving cream and a grin on his face.

"You seemed to really like my trim job so we are going to get you cleaned up too," he said as he rolled me onto my back and spread my legs.

At first I tried to cover myself because I was nervous about the idea, but he told me I would love it and that he would be careful so I relented and decided to go for it.

He asked me, "Do you want it like mine or since you're so smooth everywhere else, do you want it all gone?"

I thought about it a sec and told myself, "Why not," and then told him, "Just take it all off then."

He pulled out a trimmer and buzzed everything off as smooth as he could, even surprising me when he pushed my legs up till my knees were on my chest and cleaned out my crack. Smearing shaving cream all over, he proceeded to take care of the stubble. He toweled me off, applied some oil and soon had my cock stiff as a board. It was so cool, sensitive and smooth, which soon had me moaning as my back arced while he stroked my cock.

"Now you are ready for anything," he said as he started rubbing my hole with his thumb as he worked my cock.

I felt his thumb slide into my ass and thought to myself that I must still be loose from the night before because it didn't hurt at all. Before I knew it, he had 3 fingers working inside me and my cock was twitching all over the place. He moved forward placing his cock in my oiled crack and started to slide it up and down, rubbing my hole and creating all kinds of new sensations. His cock felt so hard and the head skinned back as he reached to top of each thrust. I could see his hot red knob above my cock and balls which turned me on even more. It didn't take much of this until I was panting and ready for him and as if he could read my mind, he raised up and tore open a condom.

Placing the head of his cock against my hole and grabbing the back of each of my knees, he slid his cock into me all the way to the base in one smooth motion. I gasped as he filled me up, thinking that he felt so much bigger that the night before. He started to gyrate his hips as he stayed deep inside me, making me moan and want even more.

"Fuck me," was all I could say as he looked me in the eyes.

He started slowly pulling his cock back until just the head was in, and then rammed it back into me, grinding it a bit at the bottom of each thrust. Picking up speed, he really started to give it to me, his cock taking over my whole body. Suddenly he switched gears and pulled out, grabbing his shaft by the base and slapping it against my hole, making me buck and twist with desire, and then shoving it all the way back in. He kept repeating this until my body burned for it, my ass wide open, wanting anything he was willing to give.

His face was red and twisted up, sweat was dripping out of his beard and I could tell he was fighting, trying to hold back . I wanted it to last longer too, but for him that was no longer a possibility. Seeing this pushed me over the edge and my cock literally exploded, shooting cum everywhere without either one of us even touching it! My mind was spinning, going crazy with my best orgasm ever, as I felt him pull out. My cock continued to spasm and dribble cum as he jerked the condom off and started blowing his own load all over me, mixing it with my own, gasping and thrusting his hips as he lost his own mind for a bit.

Leaning forward he started to lick some of it off of my still aching cock and I rubbed some into my chest. Raising my fingers to my lips, I licked up the drops as they dripped down, loving the taste and relishing the experience of what we had just done.

Mike raised up and looked down at both of our bodies, laughing a bit at the mess we had made and lightly slapped me on the ass.

"C'mon," he said, "we need another shower and have chores to do" as he headed into the bathroom.