 As the day went on, I thought more and more about what had happened. I had enjoyed having Jim's cock in my mouth even more than I imagined. I had even enjoyed him popping his load in my mouth although I had thought it would be gross. There was something about pleasing this hot masculine man, and feeling him fire his load was amazing.

That didn't even touch what he had done to me...

The head he had given me was the most amazing thing in my life, having my cock totally buried in his throat was amazing, him licking my butthole and tonguing it was even better, but when he took my cock in his throat and slid a finger into my hole, I had popped off like a teenager!

Except for wondering if I was now gay, I couldn't find a downside to the event. I kept thinking why this, why now, I had been totally straight all of my life, up until a few months ago, I had never thought about men in any way except for sports, buddies, and work out partners. Yet I had a dream that night and in it, Jim had pulled his finger out of my butt and slid his thick cock in! I woke up panting, and I was hard as a post and leaking like crazy. I had to get out of bed to shake that one! I had never thought about getting fucked before in my life!

During the waking hours I was thinking about him licking and fingering my butt again, and wondering if I could ever bring myself to do that to him if that's what he wanted, but the thought of actually getting fucked never crossed my mind.

I finally calmed down and got back to sleep. I had erotic dreams all night, but they were pleasant and I woke up totally boned again. I was having my coffee and my phone signaled a text. It was Jim. He asked how I was and how I felt about yesterday.

I told him I was horny and it was amazing. He said he was free tomorrow morning and would like to stop by again. Without thinking I text back, "Wish you were here right now!"

He didn't text back and I took my coffee out on the patio and almost sat down when I heard a message hit my phone. I literally ran to grab it! The message said, "The wife left for church and will be gone several hours, I can come over in about 30 minutes and have lots of time, maybe cum twice!"

My hands were shaking as I text him back that I needed a shower, the door would be open to just slip in. He text back and said, "c u soon, let's make it 20 mins!"

I almost ran to the shower! I shaved, took a dump and jumped in. I washed like I had never washed before to get ready for this hot man! I was bent over toweling off when I saw movement out of the corner of my eye. He was here! I was I drying my feet and Jim was standing at the door, rubbing his big cock through his shorts watching me.

"Pretty hot sight there stud!"

I was embarrassed and excited! He came up behind me as I stood up. I could see our reflection in the mirror as his body came against mine and I could feel his hard cock against me. I swallowed hard and he peeled off his shirt. His thick muscled hairy chest and belly were against me. This man excites me!

Jim reached around and took the towel from me and placed it on the sink counter in front of me. He slid his shorts down to his knees and this time when he came against me, it was bare skin, hard cock and man hair with no space between us.

His big thick cock was pressed against my butt and that scared and excited me more than I like to admit. Jim put his arms around me as he slid his cock up and down my butt crack and ran his hands over my tight chest and belly. I found myself panting as I said, "You know I don't want to get fucked!" Jim didn't say anything he just smiled at me in the mirror.

I guessed part of it was the warm water from the shower, but the heat our bodies were generating being against each other was raising a sweat and his hairy chest and belly started to feel damp and slick against me. I realized that his cock was leaking heavily when it easily slid up and down the crack of my virgin ass!

Jim groaned into my ear, "I love your hot ass Mike, smooth cheeks, and hairy crack, it's so manly and hot!"

He continued sliding up and down my crack, then he moved back a bit and when he pushed forward his thick, wet cock head slid across my hole making me shiver and right up between my balls that were hanging low from the shower, and pushed them forward until they hugged the underside of my throbbing cock!

After a few strokes, he moved back far enough that on his next thrust his cock went up the crack of my ass again and slid across my quivering hole, just as his lips came into contact with the side of my neck right at the base of my skull! It made me moan...

I knew I had to say it again, I could feel where this was going, and I said, "I really don't want to get fucked Jim!"

He snickered and said, "Relax into this Mike, nothing is going to happen that you don't want to happen, but just realize we are two, hot horny men and anything is possible if you let it, just relax!"

With that, he moved back again, and his cock again slid across my hole making me moan as his mouth made love to my neck, and his cock came up against the back of my ball sack pushing them forward and up against my cock, which leaked more than it had before.

He started moving about five strokes across my taint and hitting my balls, then would move back so that when he pushed forward his cock went up my crack. The feeling was amazing, but nothing was more amazing then when it slid across my butthole!

This went on for a while and I found myself sweating and panting, Jim was hissing and almost growling. The best part was always as his cock slid across my hole, it would make me moan.

Once I realized that the thick blunt head of his cock was so much larger than my hole and wouldn't slip in, I lost my fear and was moving my ass back against him. This felt so amazing and wanton, it turned me on even more.

So I finally allowed (caused) Jim's cock head to press directly against my hole and the pleasure was even more amazing. He kind of humped against me a bit and I almost passed out it felt so amazing.

"Do you want to suck my cock now?"

"Yeah!"

"Let's go to your bed, I can lick your butt while you suck my cock!"

We were in there in a flash and it didn't take a second for me to understand what position he was talking about. With me, on top and him on the bottom, I went for his cock. It was as if I couldn't wait to feel him in my mouth. And when his lips and tongue slid up and down my already wet and slick crack, we were both very happy.

I heard myself take in a huge breath and then moan as Jim slid his lips down my cock and slid a finger into my butt, I think it made me take his cock a little deeper because he moaned too!

Jim was licking from my hairy balls to the tip of my leaking cock and his cock was leaking an amazing about of juice too! Jim slid off my cock and went back to licking the entire crack of my butt getting it really wet and slick, I did notice that now that he had fingered me, his tongue was able to actually peak into my hole!

"Mike, why don't you spin around and rub your ass against my cock, it feels really great for both of us, I think you'd enjoy this position better, it puts you in the driver's seat!"

I thought what the hell and spun around. I slid down Jim's hot hairy body and my crack found his cock. I pushed back against it and it was hard as steel and easily slid past my hole and up my crack. We both moaned.

I was above Jim and working my ass back and forth and up and down. It felt amazing and his cock going over my hole was even better! This position brought us face to face and I felt turned on and a little scared staring right into Jim's eyes at this close range, but I kept moving my ass and we both enjoyed the friction.

I looked over to the side and saw our reflection in the mirror and it was a huge turn on to see two naked men on my bed enjoying each other's bodies. I was kind of mesmerized at the image and tilted my ass a bit and Jim's thick cock came right up against my hole. For the first time, I didn't pull away, I was so turned on I actually pushed against him. The feeling was amazing!

I turned my head back toward Jim and moaned, I don't know if it was the look on my face, the moan, or the fact that his cock was against my hole, but Jim grabbed my face and pulled me to him for a kiss!

I was a bit shocked at that, like many things I'd done in the last 24 hours I had never been interested in kissing a man. I pulled back and at the same instant, the thick knob of Jim's cock penetrated my hole! That was a shock!

I couldn't be mad I had caused it myself. It didn't hurt but it was a shock and I jumped forward which brought our mouths together again.

This time we shared a passionate kiss and I felt the head of his cock nudging at my hole again. "I know you think that you don't want to get fucked, but I think your hole does, press back a bit and see how it feels, it will just get better and better...and anything you do for me I will do for you too!"

That statement turned me on immensely. The thought of my cock sliding into Jim's big hairy muscle butt added some more fuel to the fire!

I did as he said and pressed my butt back against his cock some, and again it felt amazing. We went back to our hot kissing and I slowly pressed against his cock again and again. It was leaking like crazy and I felt my tight virgin hole get slicker and slicker and kind of come to life.

I felt like if I just pushed back a bit harder that his cock would pop into my hole again, obviously my hole wanted it, but my brain hadn't come to terms with having a cock inside of my hole.

Jim smiled at me and said, "Mike, I think you want this and don't even know it, but I think if you take a couple of deep breaths and try to relax, then just slowly push back a bit while you're exhaling, my cock will just slide into you and we'll both enjoy the hell out of it."

I was thinking "no" to myself and even kind of shook my head no. But after that thought was planted in my head, the body seemed to take over. I felt my butt moving against him. I did as he said, and took a long slow deep breath and exhaled, then another and while slowly exhaling I also slowly pushed back against his thick cock. This was all so foreign to me, and also so exciting!

Jim smiled at me as I felt my virgin hole being slightly stretched. I eased off and felt slick warm fluid on my hole, hell it was running down the back of my balls! I kissed him, backed off and with another deep breath pushed again against his cock and my ass stretched open wider! Still no pain, but was an intense stretching.

"Fuck Mike, that feels amazing! Just do what feels good to you, it's all good, I haven't done anything like this since I was in college!"

"It feels really good, but Jim I can't imagine something as big as your cock actually going all the way into my hole, I just don't think it could fit!"

"You'd be surprised Mike, with patience and desire, something a lot larger could go it, just do what feels good for you, it is actually almost inside of you right now!"

I couldn't imagine that being true, I could barely fit my mouth around it! We went back to kissing and I slowly moved a bit forward and a bit back, it just felt more and more amazing! I finally moved my mouth away from Jim's and took another deep breath, then pushed back just a bit more and I almost hollered when I felt his thick cock just slither into my hole!