 A/N: This story contains sex between two men over the age of 18. It is completely fictional and written as a fantasy. I hope you enjoy!

~~~

"So, why are you so distracted?" 

Jace looked across the bed and saw Adam propped up on one elbow and staring back at him. 

"What do you mean?" 

"Well, you had your eyes closed that whole time we were fucking. That's pretty uncharacteristic of you. Were you thinking of someone else?" Adam's deep brown eyes stared intently at him. 

There was only silence in the room. 

"I knew it. Who?" 

Jace sighed, knowing he had been found out. "The transfer."

"Christian?" Adam laid back down now that he had his answer. "He is so fucking hot. I'd liked to be fucked by him."

Jace let out a small chuckle, "and I'd like to fuck him, but we can't always get what we want." 

As they both took a breather, Jace's mind wandered and he thought back to the man in question. 

It was two weeks before their senior year started and everyone knew what that meant. Coach Howard was notorious for his difficult practice regimens before the new school year. So much so that even Jace, the star forward and captain of the team, was still filled with dread at the grueling workouts that were to come. However, there was a nice positive as the coach had introduced a new player to the team. 

Christian was also a senior and had just transferred from a different state. Jace knew that he had said some other stuff in his introduction, but he hadn't really been paying attention. From the moment that Jace laid eyes on Christian, his mind blanked. The man was flawless in his eyes. He had gorgeous dark hair that had been grown out a bit, but not obnoxiously long. His eyes were a light hazel and he had a jawline that made Jace drool. Not only that, but the rest of his body was near-perfection. Unlike most of the others on the soccer team, Christian was well built instead of being a twig, with well defined muscles that weren't overly large. If he hadn't known, Jace would have thought he was a football player that got lost on the field. 

However, Christian's soccer skills proved that he wasn't just a gym rat. Not only had he kept up with all of the drills that the team was doing, but he even had a level of precision to show that he had put countless hours into the sport. At the end of practice, there was the ultimate test. 

Jace looked around at the group and saw that many seemed haggard and ready to tap out. Even Adam, who Jace knew was trying to put in his max effort in order to make it to first string, was sweating profusely and out of breath. As they all lined up for the race of death, Jace noticed that Christian was the only other person that seemed to be unfazed. That statement was true as they embarked on the grueling three mile run that was to follow. 

Jace had felt a rush of adrenaline as Christian kept up with him for the first two miles. As the rest of the pack began to fall behind, they were the only two that were on a steady pace. Jace could hear the footsteps of the other man beside him and his competitive nature began to take hold. Unfortunately for Christian, Jace was no slouch. Like everyone else, he knew that there was going to be a difficult race, but he had prepared during the summer. After all, he had a reputation to uphold. 

Jace finished the run about thirty seconds faster, but was still surprised that Christian had done so well. Jace found himself staring at Christian as they tried to recover their breaths. The other man had his arms over his head, which caused his shirt to lift up and show a small trail of hair leading up to his belly button. The sweat made Christian's shirt stick to his chest and in that moment, Jace wanted nothing more than to strip that shirt off and explore the other man's body. 

As the rest of the players trickled past the finish line, they let out cries of despair as they received their times. Jace and Christian were the only two that had made it in time. That meant that everyone else had to run the next day and every day after until they made the cut. It was a difficult task, as it only got harder as people became more fatigued later in the week. 

Even as Jace showered and headed home for the day, he couldn't get Christian out of his mind. There was an intense feeling of desire for the other man that got him so riled up. In order to satisfy a little of his sexual frustration, he had called Adam over for some release. However, despite having another sexy, fit and wild companion under him, Jace couldn't get Christian out of his mind. Even as Adam caught on, he was still having thoughts about the new guy. 

"Hey," Adam's voice broke Jace from his thoughts. He had now climbed in between Jace's legs. Jace's cock had stiffened as he thought about Christian and he hadn't noticed that Adam had begun to stroke his large cock. As Adam traced his tongue across the his member, Jace still couldn't help but imagine Christian and his hazel eyes looking up at him instead. 

"Let's see if I can hold your attention this time," Adam said with a cheeky grin. Jace wasn't so sure if he could, but wasn't going to stop Adam from giving it a try.

~The Next Day~

Jace's muscles were in pain the entire practice. The workout the day before had proved to be more intense than expected and he was relieved when the call was made for the end of practice. As bad as it was, Jace was still extremely comforted by the fact that he didn't have to run the race again.

"So coach, what do you want us to do while everyone else runs?" 

Coach Howard turned to look at Jace as he approached. 

"I'm working on first cuts today," he said with a whisper. "I'm not sure how many will be able to pass the run today, even though I'm relaxing the time limit. However, Christian is definitely varsity material. Mind showing him around the locker room? If you do, y'all can shower and leave early. That is, unless you want to hear a lecture."

Jace have a lighthearted laugh as Coach Howard gave him a wink. 

"What's going on?" A firm voice came from behind Jace. Without having to turn around, he already knew who it belonged to.

"Hey Christian," Jace said as he faced the man and put an arm around his shoulder. "We're going to the locker room and I'll give you a tour. Or do you want to run the mile again?" 

"Hell no!" 

Jace began to make his way back towards the locker rooms with Christian in tow. As Jace unlocked the varsity locker room, he felt a rush of excitement as the memories from the past two years rushed back towards him. 

"So, as you can see," he began as he pointed to the different areas in the open space, "There are lockers on both sides, the screen and chairs for conference meetings and the bathrooms and showers are around the corner and on the other side of the wall."

Jace watched as Christian scanned the room, taking the moment to look at all the lockers and stuff.

"The reason I'm telling you this is because coach told me you're on the team. You probably shouldn't be too loud about it until first cuts are official, but congrats."

There was a satisfied smile on Christian's face and Jace could tell he was really happy. Wherever he came from, they were missing out on a great player and Jace was genuinely glad to have him as a part of their team.

"So which locker is mine?" Christian asked, his voice giddy with excitement.

"Whichever one you want that doesn't have a label already." Jace said, amused at how such a large and masculine man seemed like a kid at an amusement park. 

As Jace went over to put his bag in his locker from last year, he sensed Christian following him. 

"Is this one open?" Christian asked, gesturing to the locker to Jace's right.

"Yeah, you can have that one."

Jace could breath in Christian's scent as he unloaded his stuff into the locker. Glancing over, he watched the muscles along Christian's arms contract and relax as he moved. Jace could feel the awakening of his cock in his shorts as that feeling of desire began to take over his body. 

"Umm," he said, slightly flustered, "I'm going to take a shower now, don't want to stink all day you know?" 

He saw Christian freeze for a brief second before answering, "Yeah, I need to rinse off as well."

Jace quickly grabbed his soap and a towel before heading to the showers. Stripping off his shirt and shorts, he also put his towel on the racks near the entrance of the showering area.

Jace could feel his cock bursting at the seams of his underwear. Being in such close proximity of the hot stud that he had been drooling over for the last day wasn't helping. After tossing his underwear to the side, he made his way to the opposite wall where the line of shower heads were. 

Picking one in the middle of the room, he was hoping that the quick rinse would help him calm down. However, Christian had just said that he would also be taking a shower, which meant that he would be in the room soon. 

Jace tried to picture how that would go, the muscled stud coming in, stripping down and showing off his naked body. What would he look like under his uniform? Jace had seen the outlines of his pecs and abs, but he was now salivating at the thought of seeing them fully exposed. And his cock? How big was it? Cut? Uncut? The endless possibilities swirled in Jace's mind and he realized that he had only gotten hornier thinking about him. 

By the way, where was he?

As if on cue, Jace heard footsteps from entrance of the shower area. Out of the corner of his eye, he watched as Christian scoped out the small room and proceeded to undress at the far wall. Unnoticed, Jace licked his lips as he saw the other man peel off his clothes, exposing broad shoulders, a tapered waist and a giant bubble butt. The large globes of his ass were a great deal lighter than Christian's tan skin and Jace wished he could have his way with it. 

Jace turned back around as Christian finished undressing, listening carefully to the wet footsteps echoing through the room as Christian made his way over to the shower heads. Christian decided to use one of the shower heads towards the corner, but the small size of the room meant that he was less than 10 feet away from Jace. 

Jace closed his eyes and let the lukewarm water run over him, trying to think of other topics and urging his stiffening erection to go down. 

"Hey," He jumped as he heard Christian's deep voice behind him. 

"What the fuck," he muttered as he turned around. Jace gulped as he came face to face with Christian. 

They were both around the same height, Jace maybe taller by an inch. While Jace was toned and had a pretty muscled body, he was feeling slightly outclassed by Christian's broad chest and chiseled abs. Jace gulped as he realized that they were both standing stark naked and only a foot away from each other.

"Can I borrow your soap? I forgot to bring some." 

The two men were careful to maintain eye contact. 

"Yeah, sure." Jace reached to the ledge behind him and grabbed the bar before handing it to Christian.

"Oh shit," Christian said as the bar slipped through his hands, falling to the ground. Jace looked down and saw that it landed between his legs. He couldn't help but see Christian's cock. Below a set of well defined abs and surrounded by a mess of dark hair was Christian's exposed dick. It was a decent size, not small but nothing like Jace's own tool. It was decently thick in girth and dangled between Christian's thick legs. 

Before he could make a move, Christian had kneeled down and reached for the bar. 

"I got it."

Jace felt himself hold his breath as Christian looked up at him. From this position, Christian was looking up at Jace, his face and hair wet, and only inches from Jace's rock hard cock. 

There was a pause and Jace could swear that he saw Christan's eyes dart to his cock. He couldn't see clearly from this angle, but he saw Christian's mouth move. Was he licking his lips? 

Going out on a limb, Jace gently thrusted his hips toward Christian's face.

"Wanna suck it?" He said light-heartedly, hoping that if Christian reacted poorly, he could brush it off as a joke between guys. 

"Really?" The soft response from Christan made Jace do a double take. For someone who seemed like such an alpha male, Christian's eyes looked up at him like a hungry puppy. 

"You wanna suck my dick?" Jace asked, still unsure if he was being punked or not. 

He watched as Christian bit his lip, his eyes darting back and forth between Jace's cock and his eyes.

"Yes sir." Jace's heart pounded. Sir? For some reason, hearing Christian address him like that made his whole body tingle in excitement. He pushed his hips forward, still in disbelief at the situation. 

"I've never seen one so big," he heard Christian say. Jace was not ready for what was going to happen next. Time seemed to slow as Christian leaned his head in and put his lips around the tip of Jace's cock. Jace was still frozen as Christian took his shaft in his hands and began to trail the top of his cock with his tongue. 

Jace broke out of his trance and quickly hit pause on the situation. He placed his hand on Christan's forehead and pushed him off his cock. 

"What are you doing?" He said, more to himself rather than to the man in front of him. It was strange. While Jace had hooked up with many guys before, most were openly gay and begging for attention. As a high-schooler, most were twinks and even Adam was pretty submissive as well. While he had dreamed of this exact situation, he still found it unbelievable that a big, masculine, seemingly self assured man like Christian would get on his knees and beg for attention. Was he still dreaming?

However, as he had Christian at an arm's length away, he saw the look in the man's eyes. His tongue was sticking out of his mouth and saliva was was dripping down his face. He had a look of hunger that Jace was familiar with. The neediness. While Jace was new to having a muscled jock at his feet, he could recognize the lust of a sub.

He ran his hand through Christian's hair before grabbing a fistful of the wet locks and pulling hi to his feet. Without question, Christian jumped up as Jace pulled him closer. 

"Did I say you could start without my permission?" He asked. 

He saw Christian gulp.

"No."

"No, what?" Jace said, giving Christian's hair a quick tug. 

"No, sir?" 

Jace liked the sound of that. Especially coming from Christian's mouth. He was slightly concerned that he was taking the whole situation too far, but he looked down and noticed that Christian's cock had grown. Jace gave a small smirk as he removed his hand from Christian's head. He grabbed Christian's cock and began to give it a few tugs. It was quite stiff at this point, and Jace now got a good look at the cock in all its glory. It was slightly above average when fully erect, 6 inches or so if Jace had to guess and not so thick that Jace couldn't wrap his hand around it. 

He gave a quick squeeze and was delighted to see Christian's whole body tense up as he did so. After giving it a couple more strokes, his hand moved lower. Jace grabbed Christian's balls in his hand and looked up at the fellow soccer player. Christian was doing his best not to react as Jace fondled his balls in his hand while staring him straight in the eyes. 

Jace gave the balls a quick squeeze and watched as Christian winced, his whole body tensing up again at the pain. However, despite that, Jace noticed that Christian made no effort to push him away or leave. In fact, it seemed like Christian was enjoying the whole situation as his cock only got harder. 

Guiding him by the balls, Jace spun Christian around him and pushed him up against the shower walls, ignoring the fact that the metal bar that carried water to the shower heads was now pressing painfully against Christian's back. 

Jace released his hold and took the time to look at what was in front of him. Christian was more beautiful than he had even pictured. He admired the large pecs I front of him, highlighted by the smallest pink nipples. He took each of them in a hand and gave them each a quick pinch, watching as Christian quivered at his touch. Watching the large man tremble before him kicked his senses in overdrive, he could feel his cock pulsing in excitement. 

He put a hand on Christian's shoulder and pushed. It wasn't very forceful, but it was enough for him to get the message. Christian fell down to the ground, his back up against the wall and his face inches from Jace's cock once again. 

This time, Jace was ready. He pushed his cock in between Christian's lips and the muscle stud quickly opened his mouth to let him in. Without hesitation, Jace pushed his cock as far as it would go, not even stopping when Christian started sputtering. After trying to push his 8 and a half inch cock as far as it would go, Jace pulled out and let Christian recover his breath.

"I've never had one this big," He heard him say. Before Jace could have any reservations about if he was pushing it too far, Christian put his cock back into his mouth and went down as far as he could go. Jace could feel the tight muscles of Christian's throat trying to accommodate his enormous cock, but even after a few more tries, he knew Christian would not be able to get the whole thing down on his own. After giving him a second to breath, Jace took a step forward towards the wall, forcing his cock further than it had been before. The way Christian's warm throat clamped down on Jace's cock was incredible, so much so that he didn't want it to end. 

Grabbing onto the bar behind Christan's head, Jace pulled his body closer to the wall, giving Christian no way to pull away. He could feel Christian's throat tightening as he began to choke and could feel the larger guy instinctively try to push him off. However, he was running out of air and didn't have much leverage while sitting on the ground, so Jace was in complete control. 

When Jace finally decided to back away, Christian immediately doubled over and gasped for air. Jace could see streams of precum and saliva dripping down from Christian's face. Jace knew that he let his own pleasure get ahead of him, but when Christian looked up, the same look of lust and desire was still in his eyes, if not stronger than before. 

Jace found himself giddy as he realized what this meant. While tough on the outside, Christian was just a glutton for punishment. In this respect, Jace wouldn't be the first to back down. 

Jace's cock was rock hard and itching for release. He knew that it wouldn't take too much before he would lose it, but he couldn't stop from living out every aspect of his fantasy. 

"Get up," Jace commanded. 

Christian looked up at him from the ground and began to pick himself up. As stoic as he was, Jace could still see that his breathing was heavy and his legs were trembling slightly as he stood up. The only thing still going strong seemed to be his dick, which was harder than ever. 

Jace turned Christian so that he was facing away from him and pushed him to the wall. 

"Let's see how well you take this," He said as he picked the bar of soap up from the ground. 

With one hand pushing Christian up against the wall, Jace rubbed the bar across Christian's ass to work up a lather. While taut when flexing, Christian's ass was now soft and pliable under Jace's touch. Setting the bar on the rail, Jace gave Christian's butt a few hard slaps. The sound echoed in the open room and Jace could hear Christian wince with each contact. Jace explored Christian's ass with his hand, roaming across the wide and plush expanse. 

Taking some of the suds in his hand, he felt his way to Christan's hole. As he rubbed his finger around the opening, he could feel Christian clench. After a minute of teasing, Christian finally was relaxed enough for Jace to work one of his fingers in. He heard a moan from Christian as he began to stretch out his hole. At first he only used one finger, then another, and another. After three fingers and a couple minutes of hearing Christian groan in pleasure, Jace took his fingers out and lined up his cock to the target. 
