 A familiar tightening in his stomach, and clenching in his balls, made him pop his eyes open suddenly. He knew what was about to happen and he reached out to grab Logan's wrist in an attempt to stop him. Logan squeezed tighter and suddenly Mark was squirting thick stream over their stomachs and Logan's hands. Logan did not pause his assault. Instead, he moved even faster, slamming his fist up and down his own cock until his own hot cum was mingled with Mark's. Only then did he release Mark. "Damn, Farm Boy, that little wife of yours is a lucky girl."

Mark turned to face the hot water of the shower, rinsing the evidence of their actions off his body. Logan quietly stepped to the next shower head, turned on the water there, and did the same. They showered in silence. Mark was embarrassed and ashamed, but he didn't sense the same emotions coming from Logan. Instead, Logan was whistling under his breath as he soaped his body and rinsed off. He finished and shut off the water. "Careful, Farm Boy," he said as he reached for his towel, "You're going to turn into a wrinkled old man if you stay in here much longer." He winked and was gone.

Mark stood there a moment longer, knowing no scalding water would wash away the memory of what had just happened. He didn't know how he would ever face Captain Logan again, but that in a few short hours, he would be performing training exercises led Logan. How could he face Julie? He couldn't even face himself.

And that's how things began.

For the next two weeks, Davis made every effort he could not to be alone with Logan. At training, nothing changed. Logan continued to treat him like all the other members of the company. As soon as any formal training was over, Davis made sure to get out of Logan's presence as quickly as possible. He also tried to stay with others. He kept busy. He wrote lots of letters to Julie, but he couldn't mail them. He didn't tell her what had happened, of course, but he was afraid she would read between the lines of his words and hear the quiet desperation he felt. He made no middle of the night trips to the bath house, no matter what haunted his dreams.

The next time the boys went into town, Davis decided not to go with them. He didn't think he could pretend to drink a beer and have fun. He also had a fear of going to the other extreme, and was afraid that alcohol might loosen his lips too much. He also wasn't sure how he would react when he watched Logan leave with another pretty girl. So he feigned a sick stomach and stayed behind. He tried to write another letter to Julie, one he could actually mail to her, but reading it back, he heard all of the things he wasn't saying, so he threw it in the trash. Deciding some fresh air would clear his head, he started toward the door of the barracks when it banged open and Captain Walter Logan walked in. 

Logan stopped mid-step, his fingers paused in opening the buttons of his uniform. That half smile formed on his lips and he resumed unbuttoning his shirt. "Why didn't you go off camp with the others, Farm Boy?" he asked.

Davis swallowed with difficulty. "Why didn't you?"

Logan chuckled as he finished shrugging out of his uniform shirt. Davis was grateful that his superior officer was wearing an undershirt and made no effort to remove it. "I think you know the answer to that." He took a step toward Davis, then stopped, turned away, rubbing his hand over his short hair with a frustrated sigh. "Listen, Farm Boy . . . Davis." He looked at the Private. "Mark. I have always been able to read people, to read men, pretty well. I usually know what . . . or who . . . they want." He closed the distance between them, until he was just a few inches from Davis. His piercing blue eyes bore into Davis's. "Did I misread you?"

Mark opened his mouth to answer, but no words would form in his throat. Before he could make a sound, Logan had his hand curled around the back of his neck, and had pulled him into a kiss. Logan had his lips pressed against Mark's, and when Mark opened his mouth in shock, Logan slid his tongue along Mark's. Mark gave into the kiss for a moment, softening his lips and tasting Logan with his tongue before pushing away violently. He covered his mouth with his hand and glared at Logan. 

The barracks was quiet except for the sound of the two men trying to catch their breath and the spark of electricity bouncing between them. Logan did not back down. He met Mark's intense, angry, desperate stare. His ice blue eyes were equally intense, but he kept his expression soft. Mark felt his lips burning where Logan had kissed him. His body was responding, and he hated it for its betrayal. He broke the gaze first, turning his back to Logan, his shoulders slumping. He laid his arms across the bunk behind him, his head bowed.

He heard Logan approaching him, his footsteps soft. Davis tensed his shoulders, anticipating Logan's touch before it happened. Logan laid his hands on Mark's shoulders, squeezing lightly and then caressing them. Mark could feel the heat from Logan's body against his back, every nerve alive and sensitive to the captain's presence. "Did I misread you?" Logan repeated, his voice soft as his breath caressed the back of Mark's neck. His hands moved down Mark's arms. "Your reaction tells me that I did not."

"I'm married," Mark managed to choke out. It was the only honest response he could give voice to.

"I know," Logan replied, taking a step closer to Mark so that only a sliver of air separated their charged bodies. Logan's lips touched the back of Mark's neck. Every muscle in Mark's body tightened and knotted. Logan pushed his hips forward so that Davis could feel the evidence of his desire. "Tell me her name," Logan whispered softly, causing goosebumps to chase their way along Mark's spine.

The thoughts in Mark's head were spinning out of control. He couldn't catch one, though he tried to form the answer. He knew the answer to Logan's question. He could hear himself saying it. He opened his mouth. "Captain Logan."

"Walt," Logan answered. He turned Mark to face him and again putting his lips to Davis's. He held Mark's face in his hands, Mark's back pressed into the railing of the bunk. The tension flooded from Mark's body as he opened his mouth to the firm pressure of Walt's. For a moment, his hands dangled helplessly at his side, uncertain what to do before coming to rest on Logan's hips.

Walt accepted the invitation and the atmosphere in the room changed immediately. What had been tense was now easy and comfortable. Logan's tongue explored inside Mark's mouth and Mark tasted his lover. Logan's hands moved from Mark's face, to his shoulders, down his chest to pull the brown uniform shirt from the waistband. He worked the buttons of the shirt free and then pulled Mark's undershirt from the waistband as well. He slipped his hands underneath, his hands touching Davis's stomach as his lips hungrily devoured Mark's.

Davis met Walt's hunger, returning the kiss with equal ferocity. His tongue slid along Walt's as Logan's hands left his stomach and moved to the fly of his trousers. Mark groaned into Walt's mouth as Logan's confident hand caressed Davis's growing arousal through the thin cotton. Walt's teeth grabbed the Mark's bottom lip and sucked softly as his fingers worked free the fastenings of his pants. His hand reached inside, curling around Davis's cock and squeezing gently. Davis's hips jerked involuntarily and he broke the kiss, throwing his head back as he panted for air.

Logan smiled against Davis's throat at his partner's reaction, his lips against Mark's thundering pulse for a moment. He licked once and then sank to his knees. He rubbed his tongue on Mark's stomach as his hands worked to free Davis's stiff member. Mark held Logan's head in his hands as Logan's tongue danced around his navel. Logan finally worked Mark's pants down his hips, pushing the government issue boxers along with them, and Davis's cock sprang free.

Logan held it tenderly as he shifted his full attention there. He licked around the head and smiled when he heard Mark inhale sharply at the sensation. He circled the head several times, spiraling toward his fist with each circle. His fist was contracting and relaxing in a steady rhythm. Mark's finger tips dug into the side of Logan's head as his rasping breath escaped his lungs.

Logan did not relent. He wrapped his lips around Davis's hard cock, taking Mark into his mouth slowly. Mark leaned back against the bunk, feeling the rail dig into his back as whispered curses escaped his lips. A trickle of sweat raced down his temple as his heart thudded in his chest. Walt took more and more, his lips stretched around Mark's member. The head hit the back of Walt's throat, and Mark's hips flinched forward reflexively. The head popped into Logan's throat and slipped easily until his balls slapped Walt's chin. Walt grabbed Mark's hips and started sucking, his tongue rubbing underneath Davis's cock, squeezing it against the roof of his mouth. 

Mark could feel the contracting and relaxing of Walt's throat around the head of his cock. Still holding Logan's head in his hands, his hips started flexing, causing his cock to move slightly inside Walt's hot, hungry mouth. Walt's lips kept a grip on Mark's cock, his head steady as he sucked harder. His steady assault increased Mark's tension, his hips growing quicker. He began slipping along Walt's firm lips, in and out of his tight throat. The tip of Logan's tongue danced along the length of Davis's hard member as he pumped in and out.

His whole body was involved now. His hips thrust forward and his arms brough Logan's head down. His knees were bent to give him more range. He would drop his head to watch Logan's mouth and his cock sliding in and out of the stretched lips, and then he would throw his head back at the ceiling and increase his pace. He was groaning and panting, struggling to control his body and his air. 

His balls clenched. His body tightened. He thrust forward one last time and was shooting into Logan's mouth, a primal cry exploding from his throat as he felt all his strength flow from his body and feed Logan. Logan held on, swallowing as much as he could, until Mark's cock softened, slipping out of his lips. Davis collapsed onto the lower bunk, gasping for breath. Logan sat back on the floor, leaning against the next bunk, using the back of his hand to wipe his mouth. He was breathing hard, too, but wearing a satisfied smile.

Feeling light headed, but slightly recovered, Davis looked at Logan. He opened his mouth to say something, but nothing seemed to make sense. Anything he said would have sounded trite, so he shook his head. Logan, still breathless, seemed to read his thoughts, and a laugh escaped his mouth. "I'm not your first," he declared.

Davis stared at his captain. He had been trying to forget for so long that his first instinct was to deny Logan's allegation. No one knew, but Davis found he could not lie to Walt. "He was a transient my father hired one summer. I was sixteen. We spent a lot of time in the cotton together, mostly talking. We connected. We'd made some ice cream one night and I volunteered to take him some. I caught him masturbating." He stood up, the images clear in his head as he adjusted his pants around his waist. He went to the window, looking across the mostly deserted base. He shrugged. "Nothing happened till harvest was over, and then he was gone." The silence in the room was comfortable. Davis looked over his shoulder at Logan. "You?"

"Fifteen," Logan replied easily. "Locker room shower. He was a senior." He found a cigarette and lit it, took a draw, leaned his head back as he exhaled. "God, he tore me apart after every game, win or lose. It was the best thing ever. I'd get hard in the middle of a game just waiting on it." Logan took another puff on the cigarette before offering it to Davis. "He joined the navy. He was at Pearl Harbor."

Davis leaned against the window sill as he took a draw from the cigarette. Logan didn't have to say more, but the unspoken death hung in the air for a moment. "He's not been your only one," Mark said, sitting down beside Walt close enough that their hips touched. Their hands brushed as they passed the cigarette again.

"No. I knew what I was before Bobby Rollins picked me. It was a little easier in the city. You can catch a train downtown and have any need you have taken care of, most of the time for free. I went to college, had a serious relationship with a grad student, and then Hitler invaded Poland. I joined the army the next summer."

Mark took a long draw on the cigarette, thinking about Walt's words. "The girls? I've watched you leave with a dozen different girls."

Walt laughed, grinding out the cigarette on the floor before standing up. "Pretty good cover, huh? Nobody has suspected anything." He grinned at Mark. "Not even you. It's worked better than your pretty little wife has for you." He began putting on his shirt.

"Julie isn't a cover," Davis insisted, his voice firm.

"So, you do remember her name."

"I love her."

"I'm sure you do, Farm Boy. I think I'll go for a walk before the boys start coming back." 

There was an invitation in Logan's voice before he walked out of the barracks, the screen door slamming shut as he headed across the grounds. Davis was angry as he watched his captain walk toward the woods that surrounded the camp. He was angry that Logan questioned his relationship with Julie. He was angry that Logan read him so easily. And he was angry that he still wanted Logan. 

He slammed through the door and resisted sprinting across the grounds. Logan stepped into the trees and Davis kept his eyes on the spot where he entered the woods. He started running the moment he was past the first row of trees. He raced through the forest, leaves crunching and branches breaking under foot. He had lost sight of Logan, and his eyes were darting back and forth as he ran, the fading light distorting the shadows. 

Suddenly he was flying head first to the ground. He hit hard and immediately there was a knee in his back. "If you move like that when we land in fucking Germany you'll get us all killed," Logan growled in his ear before releasing him.

Davis was on his feet instantly. He threw a hard punch. Logan anticipated, but not enough. Davis's fist grazed his temple. "I love my wife," Davis yelled. "I'm not . . . I'm not like you!"

"Not what?" Logan yelled back, blocking another punch. "Not a queer? Not a fucking fairy?" Davis swung again and Logan grabbed his wrist, spinning the younger man around and pinning his arm behind him. He pressed Davis to a tree, trapping the private with his long body. "Not a faggot? That gun between your legs tells me otherwise."

Davis continued to struggle against the hold that Logan had on him, attempting to fight his way free. "I'm not," he said through clenched teeth. "I love my wife. I love to make love to my wife." 

"That doesn't change anything," Logan insisted. "It doesn't change that you want me. It doesn't change the fact that you didn't resist me. Now, I'm going to let you go and you aren't going to hit me. Understand?"

He released Davis, who yanked free and stepped across the small clearing. The private was rubbing his wrist as he glared at Logan in the darkness. "I love my wife," he repeated. He still had conviction in his voice, but less anger and more defeat.

"I know you do," Logan responded in a soothing voice. "But you also like fucking men. There's nothing that says you can't do both."

"Asshole," Davis grumbled, eliciting a laugh from Logan. Davis leaned against a tree, pressing the heels of his hands into his eyes as he took a deep breath. "I'm so fucking confused."

Logan quietly moved closer, placing one hand on the tree and gently touching Davis's cheek. "That's okay, too, Mark." Davis dropped his hands and looked into Walt's face, reading the tenderness and compassion there. Walt leaned forward and pressed his lips to the private's. This was not a kiss of passion, but of affection and caring. Mark, helpless, returned the kiss. Walt placed his hand on Mark's cheek, his other resting on Davis's hip. They lost track of time as the kiss continued, till Logan broke it, pressing his temple to Mark's. "And I'm here for you."

Mark leaned in to continue the kiss. Logan playfully pulled away before meeting his lover's lips. There was hunger in the kiss, but it still lacked the passion that had been present in the barracks. "How did . . . " Mark began as they broke and came back together repeatedly, "How did . . . you know . . . about me?"

Logan smiled that same little half smile that Mark found so endearing. "Honestly, I don't know," he answered, toying with the collar of Davis's uniform. "Like I said, I can usually read men pretty well. How did you know to want me, of all the men at this camp?"

Mark had no response to the captain's question. It could have been hero worship. It could have been that Logan was simply one of the best looking men that Davis had ever seen. Mark knew neither one of those answers was the only answer. It was a combination of the two, and it was an element of just knowing. With no answer, he simply pressed in for another kiss, which Logan eagerly returned, tongues dueling hungrily.

Logan stepped closer, and that step once again changed the atmosphere. The passion returned instantly. Reading each other, they both moved their hands to the other's shirt buttons. Without breaking contact, they stepped away from the tree as they shrugged out of their shirts. Mark's hands went to Logan's belt, working it free. He opened Logan's fly. They stepped apart long enough for Mark to unbutton his own trousers. Pants and boxers and undershirts melted away. They came back together, their lips hungry and full of desire. Without speaking, they moved to the ground, Mark pressing Walt into the soft grass of the forest floor. In the dark, they moved on touch and taste alone. 

Mark worked his way down Walt's body, his lips caressing and tasting each inch of his captain's chest. Now that he was being honest with himself, he had thought about tracing the muscled lines since the first time he'd seen his leader shirtless. He worked lower, taking Walt's long, thick cock in his hand. He bent his head to lick Walt's cock, base to tip. He ran his tongue all the way around it, listening to Walt moan in pleasure before taking the thick member into his mouth. He sucked hard, tugging with his mouth as he did so, his head moving up and down slowly, just a few inches at a time.

"Oh, fuck," Walt growled, and the sound sent shivers down Mark's body. He pulled off suddenly, moving by animal instinct. He flipped Walt over, grabbed his lover's hips, and pulled him to his knees. Mark got behind Walt, positioned the head of his cock at Logan's tight bud, and thrust forward. He sank easily into Logan, both of them crying out in pleasure. Mark wasted no time allowing Logan to adjust. Instead, he began thrusting back and forth, pushing deeper into Logan even as he pulled Logan's hips back.

Logan was willing, maneuvering so that he could rock on his hands and knees, increasing the speed and force of his backward thrusts so that Mark went deeper. Their pace was steady, their panting ragged, and their groans long and loud. Davis stretched Logan as he pushed harder and faster, his hands digging into his partner's hips. Each thrust was punctuated by a loud grunt. "Oh, fuck," Walt said again, his body shuddering and turning loose. Mark hissed through clenched teeth as he felt the spasms wracking Logan's body, causing the flesh gripped his member to contract and tremble. Mark gave three more hard thrusts before his body followed Logan's over the edge. 

Both men collapsed, laying side-by-side on the grass in the darkness. "Fuck," Walt said a third time. "Where did you learn that, Farm Boy?"
