 "Ah, alone at last, my darling Mistress Elena," Jacob teased flirtatiously once the last guest had left.

Elena laughed and waved toward her boys. "Not quite, my darling Master Jacob. There is this pretty little toy that I'm eager to train."

"Yes, little Jason. Handsome choice. And a star. I'd like to check out his folder again, beloved." Jacob thanked Siena with an absent fondle of her breast before flipping through the questionnaire. 

"Come, pretty little toy. We will begin your training immediately. Master Jacob, do you care to walk and read?" Elena asked sweetly.

"Mm." Master Jacob held out his arm to her with his eyes still glued to the pages.

Elena tucked her hand into the crook of his arm with a roll of her eyes. She began leading their little convoy through the back hallway toward the ballroom, and the entrance to her dungeon.

Jason crawled after his Mistress, his heart pounding and cock throbbing. The hallway seemed to go on forever. Nine open archways along the right side led to a huge, darkened ballroom. Shrouds covered a multitude of chairs, tables, and even three huge chandeliers. He was so astounded by the sheer size of the room that he almost ran into Mistress Elena's heels when she stopped abruptly.

Snapping to attention, Jason peeked past her robe and felt a little jerk in his stomach. The wide carved set of double doors at the end of the hallway were the exact same doors that he had clicked on almost every day for the past three years.

They must have some sort of sensor, because they slowly opened on their own to reveal a wide, well-lit carpeted staircase leading down. Jason followed her down the stairs on automatic pilot.

When he got to the bottom steps he gaped in shock yet again. Mistress Elena's dungeon was much larger than it looked in her videos. It had to run the entire length and width of the massive ballroom above. 

There were stations set up along the walls from one end to the other. Punishment benches, padded tables, swings, one huge cross and two framed impaler towers were all set strategically around the room. Elegant but practical work benches held trays and a multitude of drawers at each station. He'd seen all of the training furniture, of course, but had assumed that they were all in the same small velvet-lined room, just reset and shot at a different angle. 

But no, they were each individually set up. The two huge showers were real, too. They took pride of place in the middle of one wall. But what really surprised him were the areas that were never shown on any video. Near each station there was a setting of two or three chairs with a drink table and oversized pillows on the floor, presumably for the comfort of favored toys, slaves, or subs. Small, intimate audiences. 

The entire far wall, however, was obviously set up for the comfort of a much larger audience. Armchairs and drink tables cozied up to five fireplaces with warm area rugs over the rose-veined marble. A long bar offered every type of liquor known to man, and every shaped glass to serve it in. The cushions on the floor were oversized, and would easily hold two friendly toys each.

Calculating quickly, Jason figured that there had to be room for at least fifty audience members just in that area alone. His eyes darted to the throne-like chair closest to the bar and the middle fireplace. That would be Mistress Elena's chair. He could almost see her there now. Surrounded by the Council, and their favorite playthings. They would all be there to watch him perform. 

That thought shook him. The fantasies that he'd entertained about being Mistress Elena's toy had mostly been private sessions. Training sessions. He desperately wanted to be trained by her. But he hadn't really considered what would happen if he became a perfect toy, and was expected to perform in front of an audience.

But this was real. Mistress Elena had expectations. And, frankly, financial obligations. No matter how inherently wealthy she may be, this setup was fucking expensive. Not only the furnishings and the implements, but the cameras everywhere. 

Jason had no doubt now that The Society was real, and he also knew that their website had to be a huge cash cow. There were months when he'd struggled to pay his membership dues. And he'd never even contemplated using the live feeds. First of all, Mistress Elena never did live feeds, and second of all, his credit card would have laughed its ass off if he tried.

He'd seen videos from every one of those cameras. Now it would be his ass high up in the air for Mistress Elena. 

Elena watched Jason take in his surroundings while the rest of the company descended the stairs. She found it very interesting that his eyes were darting to the comforts on the far wall and the cameras mounted throughout. Most little ones were very eager to be used, and hardly noticed anything other than the training furniture on their first evening in The Society.

"I am certain that you are somewhat familiar with the amenities, little one. Mount a punishment bench." While Jason scurried to do her bidding, Elena turned to Siena. "Beloved sub Siena, if you would be so kind as to do the honors?" 

"Yes, beloved Mistress Elena," Siena agreed obediently. She was as at home in Mistress Elena's dungeon as her Master Jacob's, and often acted as her sub during training sessions. Fetching the tray of lubricants and fluffy hand towels from the closest workbench, she stood next to her Master and listened to him making thoughtful noises as he read Jason's questionnaire.

Jason settled onto the punishment bench. It was surprisingly comfortable. His knees and chest sank into thick leather-covered cushioning. More cushions covered the supporting bars that spread his legs wide. The exposed position immediately made him as hard as a rock. He stuck his ass up high in the air to make up for his lack of control over his cock.

"You watched me for years, little one, through those cameras. They record you now. If you do very well, then the videos may be posted on the website. But even if they are not, I will always be watching. You will be expected to service the guests of my House. Starting now. Master Jacob, how would you like to take this virgin ass?"

Jacob finally set aside the file on a workbench and approached. "I suppose it depends on exactly how virginal that ass is," Jacob said thoughtfully. He eyed the gorgeous man holding perfect Position on the bench without being strapped into place.

Elena and Jacob both accepted lubricant from Siena and rounded Jason, chatting idly. 

"You may wish to have Erik guide him in a weight-lifting routine, darling," Jacob suggested. Running his fingers over the sleek muscles of Jason's back, he admired the sheer width.

"I'm sure you're right, Master Jacob. He has fine definition, but I get the impression it's more from youth than exersize."

Jason tried to calm the incredible shaking as Mistress Elena slid her hand along his torso like a child playing with a fence while she walked past. He knew his cock was raging hard, but that was a lost cause, at least tonight. Focusing instead on not coming, he tried to ignore the small slaps on his ass and cock. 

"Not exactly a baby, but young enough to train properly. Are you thinking he might be a slut?" Jacob fished. His dear friend obviously had something special planned for the boy, but she'd been very tight-lipped about the whole thing.

"Mmm... Maybe. I'm hoping for at least a perfect anal slut toy out of this one. He definitely wants to be fucked. Don't you, little one?" Elena refused to divulge her ultimate plans, even to beloved Master Jacob.

Swallowing hard, Jason mumbled his agreement against his leash. God, yes, he wanted to be fucked. By her. But he knew he was going to be fucked by everyone else who wanted him first. Erik and Master Jacob. They both had huge cocks. He desperately hoped that they'd be gentle. But not too gentle.

"Very pretty ass, Mistress Elena. Turned up in the air perfectly. He has been studying, hasn't he?" Jacob wondered about the early diagnosis of anal slut, though. It was one thing to want it. It was quite another thing to be able to take it. On the other hand, one had to want it to be able to take it, he supposed.

"Yes, he has. The Positions are all perfect. But that leaky cock... I'll have to do something about that sooner or later," Elena said with a moue of disappointment.

"Far be it from me to instruct, but it is the poor dear's first night in The Society. I always let my little ones come as many times as they can on their first night," Jacob reminded her mildly.

"Yes, of course you're right. But I'd be very pleased if he could hold out for a little while. Maybe a nice treat to suck on will help him take his mind off of things. Erik, dear, please come fuck this little one's mouth," Elena instructed.

"Yes, Mistress." Erik jumped to his feet and approached Jason eagerly. Pulling his hair back lightly, he began to slide his cock into Jason's open mouth. 

Jason barely had time to blink in surprise before he was invaded. Groaning at the incredible taste and texture, Jason slurped and sucked eagerly. He ran his tongue across the satiny flesh, savoring his first cock. When Erik tried to push deeper, Jason convulsed as his gagging reflex kicking in. He cursed himself and tried again, with the same results. 

"Not yet, dear slave Erik. Very disappointing, of course, but we'll train him how to deepthroat tomorrow. Just act like he's your first boyfriend. The eager one who had no idea what to do," Elena teased.

Erik hid his chuckle at that dead-on assessment of his first boyfriend. "Yes, Mistress." He backed off a bit, and let Jason practice on developing his skills. 

"Hold your ass cheeks open, little one."

Mistress Elena's calm voice distracted Jason from the cock in his mouth. He reached back and pulled his ass cheeks as wide as he could. Sticking his ass up further, he refocused on his oral duties, to Erik's quiet delight.

Erik was well aware that this was a test for him, as well. Mistress Elena had said she wanted him back when Jason was fully trained. She'd said she thought he could be invaluable. He figured the premier Mistress of The Society was ready to set up a proper House, and had already tapped the kid to mold into her perfect sub. A sub meant slaves. Slaves were invaluable. 

Putting two and two together, Erik was pretty damn sure that if he could help train the kid up a bit, he'd be brought back into the House as a favored, perfect toy and rise through the ranks fast. Focusing on Jason's mouth on his cock, he looked down and hid his fond smile. Mistress Elena had chosen the right guy. Jason was eager, and would take training well.

Jason groaned on Erik's cock as Mistress Elena slid two lubed fingers into his ass. His memories of her training videos were like echoes in his mind as she said the same words to him that she'd said to countless others.

"Push against it, little one." Her calm encouragement mesmerized him, sending him into a trance. 

Elena raised an eyebrow in surprise when Jason responded before she'd even finished her sentence. It was like he'd done it a thousand times before. Shooting Jacob a quick, triumphant smile, she slid a third finger into Jason's ass.

Her pretty little boy reacted beautifully. Moaning on Erik's cock, Jason rearranged his hands and spread his ass cheeks wider in invitation. He arched his back; not in pain, but in exquisite pleasure. Or something deliciously in-between.

"Beloved sub Siena, if you could gather a training set of butt plugs. No weights, just stretchers."

"Yes, beloved Mistress Elena." Siena quickly pulled together a tray of plugs and presented them to Mistress Elena with downturned eyes.

"Thank you, dear. We'll start with the number two, I think." Elena regretfully pulled her fingers from Jason's ass and favored him with a hard slap to his ass cheeks. 

While she lubed up a plug, she eyed Erik, who seemed to be very happy to be suckled on. "Like a babe on a teat?" Elena teased.

Erik couldn't quite hide his chuckle that time. He peeked through lowered eyes at her and nodded. "Yes, beloved Mistress Elena. He's very loving and tender. Tongue is always moving, stroking. Swallowing," Erik hinted subtly. 

"Mm... well, let's see how he does, shall we?" Elena shrugged vaguely. She was much more interested in the hole in front of her than the one that was in front of Erik.

Jason quivered as Mistress Elena began working the butt plug into his ass. Pushing back against the invasion, he breathed deeply and accepted the mild pain, letting it flow through him. He mumbled his thanks against Erik's cock. A full mouth was no excuse for not showing his gratitude at her generosity. 

Elena smiled and pet Jason's ass fondly. "That was easy, wasn't it? Maybe you're ready for a number three already?" She pondered his hole, jiggling the plug lightly and pulling the bulb in and out against his tight sphincter.

Jason mumbled his agreement against Erik's cock, nodding his head frantically for a second before settling back into perfect Position, cheeks spread wide open.

Chuckling, Elena pulled out the plug and hummed as she looked over her options. Perhaps... she shot a sidelong glance at Jason, considering his eager shaking. Picking up a number four, she began to lube it while twisting her lips thoughtfully. Her eyes were locked on that almost-virgin asshole winking at her.

"I would dearly love to offer my beloved Master Jacob a tasty little treat. He is very fond of almost-virgin asses. Not too tight, you understand. Master Jacob's cock is four inches around, and nine inches long. That means going very deep. And very wide. Are you prepared to learn how to take beloved Master Jacob's cock?"

Jason swallowed hard before he agreed obediently. He could do this. True, he'd never done it. But he'd never taken a deep enema, either. Or any of the other amazing things Mistress Elena would want to do to his holes. 

But he'd watched it. He'd watched every second of training footage from her dungeon. He knew that if those toys on the screen could do it, then so could he. Every night for more than three years he'd dreamed of her training him. Somehow, he'd stumbled into this incredible fantasy world, and he wasn't about to burst the bubble. He'd find a way to take Master Jacob's cock tonight, on his first night in The Society.

Elena watched Jason tense at the new command, then struggle to relax. "Very good, little one. Don't fight it. Accept your gift," she urged. Sliding the tip of the plug into place, she began to work it against his tight sphincter expertly. 

Jason focused again on Erik, and the cock in his mouth. Slurping against it, he swallowed and tried to push past the reflex again. Of course he was thwarted, and his spasming ass forced the plug back against his Mistress's hand. That earned him a hard slap on the ass, and a quick twist of his balls. 

"Pay attention, toy. Relax your asshole. You'll have Erik's cock down your throat soon enough. First you'll service Master Jacob," Elena reminded her boy severely.

Jason flushed and nodded, mumbling his agreement. When Mistress Elena let go of his balls with a relatively light slap, Jason was grateful to have gotten off with such a light punishment. But the plug in his ass that had been gently working him open was abruptly shoved deep into his hole, and he realized that his punishment wasn't over.

Arching his back, Jason was torn between screaming and coming. Mistress Elena was relentless. She rammed the plug in and out while he struggled to hold Position. The bulb stretched and re-stretched his tight hole over and over. He fought the need to pull away from the abuse, and pushed back against it instead. Reminding himself that he deserved his punishment, Jason finally forced his body into accepting the pain as its due.

"Thank you, thank you, beloved Mistress Elena." His words were completely muffled by Erik's cock, but Elena knew exactly what he was saying. 

The huge plug was shoved incredibly deep one last time, and stayed. Jason sobbed with relief on Erik's cock and blinked the tears out of his eyes, gasping for slobbery breaths. 

"While I am not necessarily displeased by your wish to advance your training, little one, you must remember to accept what I give you, not take what you want. Has that lesson been learned?" Elena asked sweetly.

Moaning in pain, Jason nodded his agreement. He began trying to lick up the worst of the slobber on Erik's cock, keeping his ass spread wide for his Mistress. 

"You took your punishment very well. So well, in fact, that I think we can skip a few steps. Master Jacob, do you think you can work you way into this hole?"

"Hm. Probably. But I'd rather not make him actually scream, of course."

"Of course not. Sensitive ears. I understand. Are you paying attention, little one? No screaming. Master Jacob prefers small squeals of pain. Personally, I'm fond of gags. Dear Erik, you do make an excellent gag," Elena noted with a warm smile for the toy that she had very high hopes for as well.

"Yes, Mistress," both toys agreed.

Jason focused on what small squeals of pain sounded like. 

Erik, on the other hand, tried to hide his grin. Dear Erik. She'd called him Dear Erik. That was the slave honorific.

Jacob picked up the deep lube applicator off the tray and handed it to Elena with a grin. "You know what Master John would say," he teased.

"Lube, lube, and more lube," Elena agreed with a nod. 

Sliding the plug out slowly, she allowed Jason to adjust to the movement and stretching. She set it aside, and carefully inspected his stretched, red sphincter. It was quickly tightening, and she slapped his ass casually.

No, you're nicely stretched. Don't tense up. We're going to stretch out your inner sphincter a bit more. Master Jacob is very long, little one. The lube will help. Sorry, no Anal-eaze. It's all edible for come-sucking," Elena informed him idly as she slid the probe in.

Jason wasn't even sure what Anal-eaze was, but his mind whirled at the thought of Erik eating come out of his ass. Master Jacob's come. No, that wouldn't happen, would it? Master Jacob only came in his beloved Siena.

The probe in his hole was thin, but long, and Mistress Elena continued to feed more into his ass until he winced slightly at a deep jab of pain.

"Just like the enema, little one. Find a way to take it deep. Wiggle your ass."

He honestly couldn't tell if it was her, or the videos instructing him. Jason automatically relaxed, and pushed back until he found the angle that didn't hurt. The probe finally slid deep. Groaning at that incredible pleasure and pain, he wondered how much more intense it would be if the probe was four inches wide. 

Jacob tossed back the remnants of his snifter of cognac while Elena lubed up the new toy. He was very interested to see if the little one showed any anal slut tendencies. The boy had performed very prettily so far, but it was a long jump from one to the other.

Standing, he approached as Elena finished pulling out the lube probe. She squirted a large dab on the little one's hole before backing off. Jacob took a bottle of lube from Siena and opened his robe. His cock sprang to attention. 

Elena watched her dear friend spread more lubricant over his cock while she set aside the probe and wiped her hands on a towel. "I do hope you enjoy, Master Jacob," she urged with a fond smile.

"I'm sure I will. Very pretty, as I've said. But anal slut? I suppose we'll see," Jacob shrugged before stepping into place between Jason's legs.

Desperately trying to ignore the throbbing between his thighs, Jason accepted the slow invasion of Master Jacob's huge cock. Anal slut. The title rang in his ears. It was reserved for the perfect toys that could take any size cock, and still hold up a four pound weight on a number one butt plug. 
