 Jarrett sat down at his desk, relieved that the first day of classes had ended. He looked over the left-side, his side, of his dorm room. His bed was neatly made. His books and some food products were carefully spaced on the shelves above. His desk was clear except for his laptop. He had gotten some paper from the floor's resident assistant to cover his bulletin board. So far he had posted his class schedule and a calendar. 

Then, Jarrett looked over to AJ's side of the room. His bed was unmade; just a top sheet was crumbled at its foot. The shelves were somehow already littered with items, as well as his desk. It wasn't quite what Jarrett had expected, but as long as his roommate kept to his side of the room, he wasn't too worried.

It wasn't long before AJ came back from his last class of the day.

"It--," AJ emphasized, "is -- so --HOT!"

Jarrett laughed, his bright white teeth where highlighted by his smooth, black skin. One thing the dorms lacked was air conditioning.

Jarrett also considered AJ's build probably didn't help. While Jarrett was fairly thin and average height, AJ was a little taller, and definitely thicker, like a rugby player.

By the time Jarrett looked over at AJ, he was already stripping.

"It is SO hot," AJ underscored. AJ's shirt was already on the floor and his pants were next to follow. 

Jarrett looked away startled at the fact AJ was not wearing any underwear. 

AJ turned his head towards Jarrett, "Don't let my ass stop you from your work."

Jarrett looked back, making eye contact, somehow AJ always seemed playful.

"It's just so pale," Jarrett defended.

"Hey," AJ said, almost serious, "That's not fair -- I'm white."

Jarrett couldn't help but laugh, as AJ jumped on to his bed and sprawled out. His open legs exposing his limp dick and well-hung sack.

"Dude," Jarrett said as if to alert AJ of the obvious.

Glancing up at the ceiling, AJ countered with, "It's so hot!"

"It's eighty-two," Jarrett informed, "It's not that bad."

"Maybe not in Africa," AJ commented gleefully.

Jarrett laughed, "Whatever."

****

Jarrett had continued to do some school work, while AJ did some reading, still lying on his bed. After a while, AJ got up and said, "Dinner."

Jarrett looked up briefly before looking back to the paragraph he was working on.

"You're coming," AJ notified.

"Oh," Jarrett said, kind of glad AJ had insisted. AJ threw on a pair of gym shorts and a t-shirt. He was putting on his shoes, when Jarrett interrupted, "You're not going to wear anything under the shorts?"

AJ looked up, "It -- is --"

Jarrett interrupted, "so hot, I got it." And with a smile, the two went to dinner.

***

At dinner, AJ and Jarrett talked about their families and then about high school.

"Are you two still dating?" Jarrett asked about AJ's prom date.

"No," AJ responded, "We knew we were going to separate colleges...I don't think either of us wanted a long distance relationship. How about you?"

"Well," Jarrett paused, "She was more of a friend...I mean we went as friends."

"So," AJ continued, as he scooped up another spoon-full of mashed potatoes, "she couldn't help a guy out a little on his prom night?"

Jarrett let out an uneasy laugh. Then he took a deep breath, "I wasn't too interested in that, since I'm gay."

AJ looked up, and yet continued eating, "Gay? Are you sure?"

Jarrett just starred, unsure if AJ was joking.

"You don't seem very gay," AJ added.

Jarrett smiled, "Yeah, I'm pretty sure."

"If you're making this up, so that I'll wear underwear in the dorm, it's not going to work," AJ informed, "remember, the first time we met you said I could do whatever I want on my side of the room."

Jarrett had to laugh. "I'm not making it up. But I think I am regretting ever saying that."

AJ smiled as he ate.

***

Jarrett read over the lab instructions...apparently college Chem was a little bit tougher than high school.

"This is impossible," his lap partner, Justin chimed in. 

Jarrett glanced over at him. Justin was tall and lanky; he was a skater-type. "It will be okay," Jarrett coaxed, "lets just go through it step-by-step."

"Man," Justin complained, "I don't get any of this."

After 40 minutes of trying to get Justin on board, Jarrett gave in.

"Actually, it looks about done," Jarrett began, "I can finish it up."

"Thank God," Justin sighed, "That was painful." And off he went.

Jarrett finished up the last reaction, and bent down to scribble some notes. When he stood up, a pretty blond girl was smiling at him.

"Hi, I'm Courtney," she offered.

"I'm Jarrett."

"I know this is a little weird, but is that your notebook?" She asked, pointing to a blue notebook next to him.

"Yeah," Jarrett confirmed.

Courtney opened it up to the only entry, notes from their first lecture.

"I sat behind you in lecture," Courtney began, looking over the notes. "I couldn't help but notice your notes. I can't believe how well you can summarize during the lecture. I always have to go back to my dorm and re-write."

Jarrett smiled. He had gotten compliments on his notes from teachers in high school, but never like this, and never from a student. 

"And these little descriptions of what the professor emphasizes...these are great," Courtney continued.

"Yeah, my side notes," Jarrett added.

"Side notes?" Courtney smiled, "You have a name for them?"

Jarrett laughed, "Yeah."

"I was thinking," Courtney said, putting down the notebook, "We should study together...maybe like once a week, just to stay on-top of things?"

"Yeah," Jarrett agreed, "that sounds good."

"Great," Courtney said, "I don't know about you, but I opted against asking my assigned lap partner."

"Ha," Jarrett said, "yeah, I'll pass on that."

"Mine might be smart," Courtney described, "It would be easier to judge if he would have looked at the sheet instead of my breasts."

Jarrett, laughed, as he quickly glanced down at Courtney's larger-than-normal chest, "Luckily, I didn't have that problem with Justin."

Lauren laughed, "Here, let me help you clean up the lap."

***

Jarrett walked in his dorm, to find AJ talking with two friends.

"Perfect timing," AJ said, "This is Dom..." Dom was slightly taller than Jarrett, mixed race with soft, brown skin. And very built. "And this is Mich." Mich was around 6'3, easily the tallest of them. He was white and thin.

The two greeted Jarrett, and AJ continued, "We're going to play some friendly two-on-two...but we need a forth."

"Why not?" Jarrett asked himself. "Sure," he said, as AJ smiled.

"Glad to have you," Dom said, smacking him in the arm. 

"Me and Dom, against AJ and Jarrett," Mich instructed as the four headed out to the court.

Mich and Dom were probably the best two players, so the teams were lopsided. It became clear quickly that Mich and Dom were going to win, but AJ and Jarrett kept calm and kept it interesting. Somehow, even with a decent lead, Mich got worked up every time AJ or Jarrett made some progress.

"Fuck!" Mich exclaimed, after a basket from Jarrett, "Un-fucking-believable!" Mich's face was turning red, "That should have been blocked." Mich had been covering Jarrett, so it was unclear who he was angry at. Jarrett noticed that neither Dom nor AJ seemed the least phased by Mich's outbursts.

Midway through the game, they switched coverage, so that Dom was covering Jarrett. Jarrett dribbled toward the middle of the court, as Dom came up behind him. Dom hit into him, pressing his pelvis into Jarrett's butt and his chest against Jarrett's back. 

Jarrett noted the feeling of Dom's firm body as it pressed against him, for just a moment, he felt overwhelmingly secure.

As the feeling left, Jarrett focused to see AJ looking annoyed...Dom had completely stolen the ball from him.

Before long, the game had ended. 

"Good game," Dom stated, as the four headed to the side of the court.

"You too," AJ offered.

"That last basket was fucking weak," Mich stated, referring to one AJ had made.

AJ just smiled, as he sat down, spaying some water onto his face.

"So you guys should come out with Mich and me on Saturday," Dom offered, "There's this fraternity I'm trying to get into; they're having a big party. Just come and chill."

"Sounds good to me," AJ agreed.

Dom looked over to Jarrett. Jarrett watched a bead of sweat ran down Dom's chiseled face. "Sounds fun."

***

A day had passed, as AJ walked down the hall, sweat rolling down his face. "It was way too hot for basketball," he thought to himself.

AJ pushed open the door and walked into the room, putting the basketball down near his desk. But he couldn't help but notice Jarrett jump when he came in the room.

"Whatcha doing," AJ asked as he quickly moved behind Jarrett's desk chair.

Jarrett sat frozen...in complete silence, as AJ stood behind him and a paused gay porn movie shown on his laptop. Jarrett didn't know what to say, one question kept streaming through his mind, "Why didn't I lock the door?"

"Well," AJ questioned, "Are you going to hit play or what?"

Jarrett unfroze as relief rushed over him. He quickly hit play, almost rushing to appease AJ. But he couldn't help but feel confused; after all he was fairly certain that AJ was straight. 

The porn played for a few seconds, which seemed much longer, and then Jarrett got a second shock. AJ's hand moved in to rub his crotch. Jarrett had on black, baggy shorts and boxers underneath. But AJ's strong hand was actually rubbing his crotch. He didn't know what to say.

"What are you doing?" Jarrett finally asked.

"Does it feel good?" AJ asked.

"Yeah," Jarrett replied meekly, before silence set back in.

Against Jarrett's objections, his dick was becoming pretty stiff, as AJ rubbed.

"This porn is missing something," AJ commented.

"Pussy?" Jarrett said, hoping AJ was in his typical light-hearted mood.

"That's it!" AJ exclaimed, as if he had just realized it.

Then AJ wrapped his hand around Jarrett's dick, and through the shorts, gave Jarrett a couple of strong jerks. Jarrett sat up straight and desperately held back from moaning.

Then AJ simply let go, and walked away towards his desk.

Jarrett leaned back in his chair, and glanced over at AJ. There was definitely an outline in his shorts.

Jarrett couldn't help himself, "Looks like you enjoyed it too?"

AJ sat down at his desk, "Yeah," he said, "I don't think I've ever seen bad porn."

***

AJ and Jarrett walked along the street, returning to their dorms from the campus bookstore. A few more days had gone by, and their first college week was finally behind them.

"I can't believe how expensive books are," Jarrett was saying.

"No kidding," AJ agreed.

"Dinner?" Jarrett asked.

"Can't," AJ answered, "I have practice."

Jarrett looked over at AJ, "Practice for what?"

"I joined an intramural basketball league. You know, you should definitely join."

"Thanks for the confidence," Jarrett said, "but I don't want to do too much the first semester. I want to see how my classes go."

"I thought you'd say that," AJ said, "I'll see you back at the dorm." With that AJ gave Jarrett a smack on the ass, and the two parted ways.

***

Saturday night couldn't come soon enough for Jarrett. He was excited as him and AJ left the dorm, to take Dom up on his offer.

Dom led AJ, Mich, and Jarrett pass the frat brother approving guests, as they made their way into the house. The live band was all that could be heard over the hoards of college kids crowding the rooms of the 1st floor.

"Have a blast," Dom yelled over the music, as he and Mich made their way towards the beer. AJ and Jarrett walked around the house talking with some of the brothers, before they eventually got separated.

Jarrett was feeling pretty good, as he had been sipping on some long-island iced teas they were serving in a corner room. Jarrett went to get another refill from the pitchers centered on a coffee table on the side of the room. Jarrett looked up to see a larger red-haired guy making out with a brown-haired girl on the couch next to the coffee table. Jarrett couldn't help but notice that the girl was dressed more than a little slutty. Then, she pulled away from the guy. The red haired guy moved back in, as the girl stretched out her arm, pushing her hand against his chest. The act didn't do much good, as the guy was easily twice her weight. 

Jarrett put his empty cup down on the table, and focused on the pitcher. He tried to listen to the band in the background, although it was not so deafening in this section of the house. Jarrett refilled his cup, and looked back up.

"Stop," the girl was saying, to Jarrett's dismay. The guy was now physically holding her arm down, as he was saying something too her. He didn't seem happy. She was looking increasingly nervous.

"Hey," Jarrett said. The girl looked up at him for a moment, but the guy kept pushing in closer to her.

"Hey," Jarrett said again, louder, stepping closer. The guy turned; keeping his firm grip on the girl, "You got a problem?"

"She's not interested," Jarrett was almost surprised the words made it out of his mouth.

The guy let go of the girl and stood up angrily, "How the fuck is that your business?" 

"Just cool down," Jarrett said, taking a step back. Unfortunately, Jarrett's move backwards didn't take into account the coffee table. Multiple pitchers of the iced teas toppled over as Jarrett's legs hit against the table. 

"Fuck!" The red-haired brother exclaimed, focusing on the alcohol. Panicked, Jarrett knelt down and grabbed a pitcher, setting it back up and saving some of the alcohol. A second brother, in a rush to do the same, knocked one of the fallen pitchers in Jarrett's direction, sending iced tea all over him. Jarrett stood up to get out of the way, as others moved towards the table to survey the damage. 

"What the fuck is wrong with you?" The second brother said towards Jarrett, as the red-haired brother, and others moved in to get things cleaned up. Jarrett looked up to see the girl was long gone. 

He then turned and began walking away from the table. Soon the sensation of embarrassment rushed over him. "What is wrong with me?" He couldn't help but think. With his shirt and crotch covered in alcohol, he decided going back to the dorm was his best option.

Jarrett moved through the crowd, and after what seemed like forever, he had the door in his sights...before he felt a hand on his shoulder.

"How is everything go—" Dom stopped as Jarrett faced him. "What happened to your shirt?"

Before Jarrett could answer, a hand pushed Dom in the chest pushing him back so he was side-to-side with Jarrett. Jarrett swallowed as the red-haired frat boy stood in front of them.

"Is this fucker with you?"

"What's your problem?" Dom answered, annoyed by his greeting.

"When we said you could bring some people..." the red-haired boy started.

A part of Jarrett was of course curious to see where the conversation would go, but his feet where on the move out the door as soon as Dom's attention had shifted.

The embarrassment gave way to a rush of disappointment as Jarrett made his way back to campus in the cold night's air. Embarrassing himself was one thing, but making Dom look bad in front of guys he was trying to become friends with...Jarrett felt himself holding back a tear.

"Nice going," he mumbled under his breath. "Way to fuck over any chance of Dom ever liking me." It wasn't until that moment that Jarrett realized how much he wanted Dom to like him.

***

Sunday was fairly uneventful. Jarrett met up with Courtney what had turned into an almost daily steady session, but other than that him and AJ spent most of their day doing work in their dorm.

Monday's classes came and went, as Jarrett pushed open the door to his dorm, to her female moaning coming from inside. Jarrett stopped and peered in to see AJ sitting on his bed, with porn playing on the TV. 

"Lock the door," AJ stated, after turning and confirming Jarrett's presence. Jarrett locked the door, as he looked back to his roommate, wearing khaki shorts and a t-shirt. Jarrett threw his book bag on his desk and sat down on his bed to watch a big-breasted female give a guy head.

AJ slid over to the side of his bed, and patted his hand on the other side, "Here."

Jarrett smiled, he went over and sat next to AJ.

"She has nice tits," Jarrett offered.

"He has a hot cock," AJ exchanged.

After a few minutes, AJ unzipped and pulled his cock out of his khakis. Jarrett glanced over to see a thick, eight inches hardening in AJ's hand. 

Jarrett decided he should follow suit, and pulled off his shoes, socks, pants, and boxers, letting loose his own hardening dick. Then he stripped off his shirt, leaving himself completely nude. AJ, noticing Jarrett's soldier, "I guess straight porn does the trick for you."

"Guess so," Jarrett confirmed. He kept to himself the role that AJ's cock had in getting him hard. Jarrett gently tugged on his dick as AJ worked on his.

The female in the porn had decided to move things along by sitting on the guy's dick. AJ also decided to move things along, as he pushed Jarrett's hand aside and grabbed his dick. Jarrett let out a breath, as AJ's hand wrapped around his rock hard, black dick.

Jarrett , slowly, wrapped his hand around AJ's hard tool. AJ moaned softly, and spread his legs more, overlapping his left leg over Jarrett's right.

Jarrett tugged AJ gently, he was enjoying the feel of AJ's meat in his hand. AJ stroked Jarrett's cock roughly, sending pre-cum trickling down its head.

"Ohhh," Jarrett moaned, breathing harder. AJ took it as a sign to go faster, tightening his grip on Jarrett's cock.

"Shit," Jarrett moaned, as his load sprayed out onto his chest and stomach. 

Although, Jarrett's hand had practically come to a stop, AJ's kept his hand wrapped around Jarrett until he had pumped out the last bit of semen.

Jarrett looked up at the TV as he finished his orgasm, and couldn't help but notice the clock underneath. 

"Shit," Jarrett reacted, "I'm going to be late for my study session with Courtney."

AJ let go of Jarrett, as Jarrett looked over at him, being reminded of AJ's cock still hard in his hand.

"I can jerk you off first," Jarrett said.

"Its okay," AJ said, "don't be late because of me. I'll be fine."

"Okay," Jarrett said, letting go of his cock. For a second, he rethought his choice; did he really want to give up some time with AJ's dick? Jarrett looked again at the clock, grimaced, and got up.

Jarrett wiped the cum off of him and quickly began getting dressed, as AJ turned off the TV and moved towards his desk with his cock still hanging out.

"Sorry," Jarrett said, as he grabbed to get his books together.

***

"I'm on time today," Jarrett said, as he sat down next to Courtney.

"Oh, forget about Monday," Courtney eased, "do you mind if we talk about calc a little first? It's moving so much faster than high school."

Jarrett laughed, "Please!"

Jarrett and Courtney had been working for a while, before they got interrupted.

"Hey." Jarrett looked up to see AJ and Dom standing before them. AJ and Dom were both sweaty, Dom with a basketball in hand.

"Is this Courtney?" AJ quickly asked, moving in to shake her hand.

"Yeah," Jarrett stuttered, not caring about introductions.

"Jarrett's told me all about you," AJ promised.

"Oh, great," Courtney said, shyly.

"He says you're almost as smart as his lap partner."

Courtney laughed, with Justin's image entering her mind, "He better not have said that!"

However, Jarrett's focus was elsewhere. 

"Hey," Dom greeted, "How's it going?"

"Good," Jarrett responded. Dom's shirt stretched to cover all of his muscles. "How are you?"

"Really good," Dom said, with a smile.
