 "I'm looking forward to my date with AJ," Courtney confirmed.

"Good," Jarrett responded, "You know he's a really good guy."

"I'll be sure to treat him well," Courtney replied.

"As his roommate," Jarrett pushed, "I've had access to know certain private things."

"Oh," Courtney said, looking intently at Jarrett.

"And I have to say," Jarrett hyped, "he's pretty impressive...for a white guy."

Courtney laughed, "I see. Well, I don't know if I should trust a friend of his. I'll have to come up with a test for him."

"A test?" Jarrett questioned.

"Yeah," Courtney said, as she got up and got her stuff together, "Maybe an oral one."

***

Jarrett entered the dorm, to find AJ buttoning up a dressier shirt, as he prepared for his date.

"You're going to get some," Jarrett said nonchalantly, "you're welcome."

"Wait," AJ said, turning towards Jarrett, "really?"

"Yep," Jarrett said, laying on his bed and grabbing the TV remote.

AJ stepped in front of him, blocking the TV, "How are you so confident?"

"I am very confident," Jarrett assured, "Let me put it this way, if she doesn't blow you tonight, I will."

AJ laughed, "Nice."

***

Jarrett was laying on his bed watching TV, wearing just his boxers, as AJ returned.

AJ stripped down naked and sat on his bed, pulling a sheet up to his waist.

"How'd it go?" Jarrett asked, ready for details.

"Could of went better," AJ returned.

"She gave you head, right?" 

"Nope."

Jarrett looked over, clearly surprised. 

"Not really her fault," AJ explained, "I think I may have killed the mood."

Jarrett just stared at AJ waiting for him to continue.

"Dinner was great and we went back to her dorm afterwards...her roommate is away for the weekend. I was opening up the door for her, and you know how the front glass doors are kind of heavy and stick sometimes..."

"Yeah," Jarrett confirmed, having no idea where AJ's story was going.

"Well," AJ continued, softly, "I pulled the door open harder than necessary. It probably wouldn't have mattered if Courtney hadn't had dropped her keys out from her purse...and had been bending down to pick them up."

"No way," Jarrett said, the picture coming together, "You didn't."

"Oh, I did," AJ continued, "it smacked her right in the face."

"Shit," Jarrett exclaimed, sitting up in bed. "Is she okay?"

"Yeah," AJ said, "She didn't lose any teeth or anything...and I stayed until her mouth stopped bleeding." 

Jarrett laughed, probably too loudly. 

"Yeah," AJ added, "Wasn't really very funny. But she's okay. It was actually a pretty good date otherwise. We're going to go out again later this week."

"Wow," Jarrett commented, "well, she must like you if she agreed to a second date."

"I think so," AJ agreed.

Jarrett walked over to AJ's bed and sat on the side of it. "But," he started, "I did make you a promise."

AJ looked at him inquisitively, as Jarrett pulled down the bed sheet, and wrapped his hand around AJ's penis. AJ watched as his soldier slowly rose to attention under Jarrett's care. AJ's ball sack hung down in between his legs with a few days worth of fluids inside. Then Jarrett bent down, wrapping his mouth around AJ's thick cock head.

Jarrett's blowjob promise quickly returned to his mind, as AJ said, "You don't have to..."

AJ trailed off as Jarrett's lips rested at the base of his dick.

AJ gasped, and continued, "Actually, a promise is a promise."

Jarrett smiled as he rode his wet lips up and down AJ's beast. Jarrett's tongue massaged AJ's cock head as his lips pressed firmly along his shaft. AJ moaned louder as Jarrett showed off his deep throating skills. 

"Fuck," AJ moaned, "I'm getting close."

Jarrett laid down on the bed, "Cum on my stomach." AJ kneeled on the bed with Jarrett in between his legs, as he jerked his full cock right above Jarrett's stomach. 

With a moan, AJ's white cum streaked up Jarrett's black chest, covering his nipple. Then, the rest of his load was dumped on Jarrett's abs.

"Oh, fuck," AJ moaned as he finished. 

Jarrett looked over the mess, as AJ complimented, "That was great head." 

Jarrett returned to his side of the room, glad the AJ hadn't commented on the bulge in his shorts.

"Hey," AJ broke several minutes of silence, "I almost forgot. If I give you his number, can you hit up Dom?"

"Dom?" Jarrett asked. AJ had his full attention.

"Yeah, I guess you're in his psych class...he wants to study or something."

Jarrett wasn't even sure that Dom had noticed him in that class. Jarrett let out a breath. "I guess Dom isn't too mad about that party..." he thought to himself.

"Yeah, sure," Jarrett answered, "I'll text him or something."

***

Billy was one of the last players to enter the multipurpose athletic building's locker room, which was his goal. Most of the basketball players had already left.

Billy went to his locker in the shower section of the locker room, and began to undress.

On the other end of the room, AJ and Mich stood next to each other, at the sinks. AJ splashed some water on his face and asked, "You leaving?"

"You go," Mich replied, "I have to go back and grab my fucking stuff out of my fucking locker."

"We'll get them next time," AJ said, as he grabbed his bag and headed towards the door.

Mich turned the corner to the lockers, to see Billy naked, getting his shower stuff together. Immediately, he could feel himself fuming.

"Nice game," Mich said, letting the sarcasm hang.

"I said I'm sorry," Billy answered, quietly.

Mich grabbed his bag from his locker, and looked over at Billy his eyes shifting downward. Billy's small, limp wang looked intimidated itself.

"It must fucking suck," Mich started, "to suck at basketball and have a hamster's cock.

Mich watched as Billy blushed. His blond hair, blue eyes, and tight body, only enraged Mich more.

"Seriously," Mich continued, "You should see a doctor to at least verify your gender. I bet your mom—"

"Leave him alone," the voice came from behind. Mich turned to see Dom emerge from the showers, with a large, white towel around his waist.

"Hey, I can't help it if his dick makes a Q-Tip look impressive."

Dom stepped over a bench that ran along the lockers, positioning himself in between Mich and Billy. A few last drops of water trickled down Dom's ripped body, stopping at the towel. Dom's muscles flexed with his every movement.

"I said," Dom stated firmly, "leave him alone."

Mich smiled smugly, "I'm leaving." He turned and headed for the locker room exit.

Dom opened his locker which was just down a few from Billy's, as he took off his towel. Then, he looked over to see Billy still staring in his locker, acting like he was getting ready for a shower.

"Just ignore him," Dom said, putting his towel in his locker.

"He's right," Billy said meekly.

"Fuck, no," Dom disagreed, "you're still one of our best players, even if today didn't go well."

"I didn't mean about that."

Dom paused, still looking into his locker, "He's wrong about that too."

"Yeah, that's easy for you to say."

Dom looked towards Billy to see him looking over his limp dong. Even limp, Dom's brown dick had considerable size. Billy returned his gaze to inside his locker, as he braced his hands against it, feeling defeated.

Dom walked over to behind Billy, so his manhood pressed against Billy's ass cheek. Billy went to stand up straight, as Dom's hands grabbed his chest, holding him in place. Then, Dom slid his right hand downward, gently playing with Billy's penis.

Billy looked around nervously.

"There's no one else here," Dom said, into Billy's ear, "trust me."

Billy's penis slowly began growing in Dom's hand. Dom rubbed his other hand against Billy's chest, playing with his nibbles. Next, Dom pressed his body against Billy's forcing Billy to brace himself against the lockers. Dom's penis fell in between Billy's tight cheeks.

Dom's closeness resulted in Billy's dick hardening. Dom stood back, and turned Billy around, and then looked down. While Billy's cock may not have been a third leg, Dom pegged it at a solid six inches. 

"Any girl would be happy to get fucked by that," Dom said, stepping close enough to Billy that his own hardening sausage poked him in the hip.

"Yeah," Billy said, looking into Dom's eyes, "How would they feel about sucking it?"

Dom kneeled down, letting Billy's cock brush against his face before he wrapped his lips around it.

"Ohhhh," Billy moaned, as Dom rode his lips down most of his shaft. Dom played with Billy's balls as he gulped down his cock.

Billy looked down in ecstasy, as he watched his dick disappear into Dom's mouth. Further down, he could see Dom's mostly hard sausage wanting attention. "I can get you hard."

Dom pulled his mouth off of Billy, and laid down on the floor. "Give me your dick, and mines all yours."

Billy got on all fours, in a sixty-nine position over Dom. Billy's cock quickly disappeared back into Dom's mouth. As Billy's hand and mouth found themselves next to Dom's thick missile. Billy wasn't completely sure what to do; he had never seen a dick that big in person before. He slowly bent his head down and took the tip of Dom's cock into his mouth. Billy awkwardly sucked on the head of his dick. 

Meanwhile, Dom used his strength to pull Billy's pelvis closer to him, pushing Billy's cock down his throat. 

"Ohhh, fuck," Billy moaned. Dom's new technique sent Billy's squirming, precum oozing into Dom's warm mouth. Billy yanked on Dom's cock as he continued to moan in approval.

"I think," Billy stuttered, as his balls smacked against Dom's face, "shit...I'm going to shoot!"

Dom released Billy's cock from his mouth and quickly wrapped his hand around it, jerking it off.

"Jerk it, jerk it!" Billy practically yelled, "OHHHH!"

Billy's load shot out streaking all the way down to Dom's stomach. Dom watched, impressed, as Billy covered him in streaks and puddles of cum. 

"Shit," Dom said, as Billy's emptied his reserves. "You need to find a girl to help you unload this more often."

"Yeah," Billy agreed, "I just hope she gives head as good as you."

"Thanks," Dom said, getting up, "I definitely need another shower."

"But," Billy said, "I didn't get you off." Dom's dick still didn't seem completely hard. 

Dom was moving quickly towards the shower. Billy had to smile, as cum started running down Dom's chest and abs. "It's okay," Dom said, leaving the room, "I'm saving up for someone."

*** 

Jarrett got up from his desk at the sound of knocking, and opened his dorm's door.

"Hi," Justin greeted from the hall.

Jarrett was a little surprised to see him. They had lab together yesterday, but he hadn't seen him outside of class since the blowjob encounter. Jarrett greeted him and locked the door after he entered.

"I was hoping," Justin said, turning to face Jarrett, "I could borrow your study guide."

Jarrett looked over Justin's baggy blue jeans and black t-shirt. The study guide he wanted was for one of three tests they were going to have in the class...he wasn't going to let it go easily.

"Sorry," Jarrett replied, "I spent a lot of time on that." 

Justin stepped up closer to Jarrett, and let his hand drop done to Jarrett's crotch. Slowly he started grabbing at it. "Come on," Justin coaxed, "I'll do anything."

A thought popped into Jarrett's head; a perfectly nasty one. 

"Then strip," Jarrett began.

Justin was surprised by the request, but he quickly complied, tossing his t-shirt to the side, and kicking off his shoes and socks. Then Justin unbuckled his belt and let his blue jeans fall to the floor. He was wearing a pair of solid blue boxers underneath. Justin's body was thin and twink-like; Jarrett took his time looking over it, as he pulled off his own clothes.

Justin watched Jarrett strip down to his boxers, unsure of what Jarrett had in mind. "Now what?" he asked.

"No questions," Jarrett stated, falling back into his assertive mindset, "Take off the boxers and lay down on the bed."

Justin followed orders and laid down, his head against Jarrett's pillow, as his dick flopped in between his legs. Jarrett pulled off his boxers and climbed onto the bed, with his head soon in between Justin's legs.

Jarrett began running his tongue over Justin's penis, and he massaged Justin's nuts with his hand. Justin, being pleasantly surprised, leaned his head back and closed his eyes. Jarrett's skill level showed, as Justin's dick stiffened. Jarrett gulped it down inch by inch as Justin softly moaned. Justin had a nice-sized dick. It was actually similar to Jarrett's but maybe a little thinner. 

Once Justin was hard, Jarrett continued with his plan and moved his mouth down to Justin's sack. Jarrett sucked his balls into his mouth and explored with his tongue.

"Fuck," Justin moaned, louder this time, "Yeah, suck them."

Jarrett tugged on Justin's dick as he tossed around his balls.

Then, Jarrett continued moving south. 

"Hey," Justin said, as his head shot up. He was startled to feel Jarrett's tongue against his hole.

Jarrett looked up at him for just a moment, "Lay back."

Justin complied and put his head back against the pillow, but now with his eyes wide open. Jarrett went for it and flicked his tongue, evading Justin's anus. Justin moaned sporadically, as Jarrett explored deeper. Then, Jarrett released Justin's dick and moved his hand downward. Gradually, he pushed a finger into Justin's ass.

"Ahh," Justin gasped. "Slower!" 

Jarrett pushed his finger all the way into Justin's ass, and then he quickly pulled it out. Again, Jarrett pushed his tongue into Justin, moistening his hole with his saliva. Then, Jarrett pressed two fingers against his anus.

"Fuck no," Justin said, feeling them against him.

"Two fingers is not that bad," Jarrett assured, as he massaged Justin's hole. "Be a man about it."

Justin looked down at Jarrett, "Do it."

Jarrett pushed his fingers in, pressing his left hand against Justin's stomach as he squirmed.

"Oh," Justin moaned, "shit!" After a few second, Jarrett pulled his fingers out. Jarrett bent his head down and swallowed Justin's still hard dick, before moving up his body. He gently kissed Justin's stomach, and then chest. As he moved towards Justin's neck, Justin felt Jarrett's hard-on poke his ass check. "Be careful with that," he said nervously.

Jarrett, raised his head up to look at Justin, as he continued to push his body upward against Justin's.

"I'm going to fuck you," Jarrett stated.

"No fucking—" Justin protested, initially pushing against Jarrett.

"Stop," Jarrett said, calmly. "You need that study guide if you want to pass the test. You know mine is the best. This is how you can get it." Justin just looked at Jarrett. He didn't know what to say.

"Get on all fours," Jarrett order, as he briefly got up from the bed, just long enough to coat his dick with lube. Justin followed the order, as Jarrett moved behind him. 

"Fuck!" Justin moaned, as Jarrett pushed his cock into his ass. Justin shoved his face into Jarrett's pillow, muffling his moans.

"His ass is so tight," Jarrett thought to himself, as he pumped his cock in and out. Justin squirmed and moaned as Jarrett fucked him. 

After a couple minutes, Jarrett felt his body tiring and his dick filling.

"OH," Jarrett moaned, "Fuck!" With that, Jarrett busted, letting his load out deep inside of Justin.

"Fuck," Justin moaned, lifting his head off of the pillow. Jarrett pumped his dick a few more times, before pulling out.

Justin quickly flipped around, and looking at Jarrett asked, "Did you just blow in my ass?"

"Yeah," Jarrett confirmed, sitting back on the bed.

"That's wrong," Justin said, clearly angry.

Jarrett noticed Justin's mostly limp dick. "How about I get you off?"

"Fuck, no," Justin countered, "Just give me the fucking study guide." Jarrett did. And Justin quickly got dressed and left. Jarrett smirked, as he watched Justin attempt to walk normally.

***

The next day, AJ and Jarrett sat in their dorm room. Even with AJ focused on Courtney, Jarrett still looked forward to hot days like today. AJ had stripped down about half-an-hour ago, and was letting everything hang loose.

"How's Courtney?"

"Good," AJ said, from his desk, "we went out yesterday."

"Actually," AJ continued, turning towards yesterday, "yesterday's date had a happy ending."

"Really?" Jarrett asked, happy for him. "I'm glad things are moving along."

The conversation stopped, as Jarrett tried to think of something else to talk about. The truth was he only had one thing on his mind. 

"Oh," AJ broke the silence, "I'm going to stay over at Courtney's tonight."

"Wow," Jarrett responded, "good for you."

"Yeah," AJ said, with annoyance in his voice. "Dom..." he muttered, not breaking his focus on his computer screen.

"Dom?" Jarrett repeated, maybe too quickly. Jarrett had set-up a study session with Dom later that evening, and he was increasingly nervous about it.

"Yeah, Dom," AJ said, barely staying on track, "he's been really annoying lately. Keeps asking me about what I'm doing tonight. He acts like I'll ruin your studying or something..."

"Oh," Jarrett said.

"So I asked Courtney if I could stay with her," AJ continued, "Dom seemed happy."

"Oh," Jarrett repeated. Jarrett sat back in his chair. He had barely spoken to Dom since the frat party...Dom couldn't still be mad about that could he?

***

"Hey," Dom greeted, as he entered Jarrett's dorm. He through his book bag on AJ's desk and turned towards Jarrett. "What's up?" Jarrett looked over Dom, wearing a gray t-shirt and black shorts. He always wore such tight shirts, which hugged every one of his muscles. His brown skin looked so soft, even with his bulkiness. 

"I'm good," Jarrett spit out, "you?"

"Great," Dom smiled.

"So," Jarrett said, sitting down at his desk, "We're going to look at Chapter 5?"

"Yep," Dom confirmed, as he grabbed AJ's chair and moved it next to Jarrett's. Dom leaned in next to Jarrett, so their shoulders were almost touching. 

Jarrett was filled with different emotions. He felt so strongly attracted to Dom, but also a little frightened. He had to say something.

"Hey, about that party," Jarrett released, "I'm really sorry. I should have apologized back when –"

"Apologize?" Dom questioned, "why?"

The two boys looked at each other their faced just inches apart. Jarrett turned away.

"Because," Jarrett explained, "I didn't mean to mess anything up for you."

"Mess it up?" Dom said, "That frat definitely wasn't a good fit for me. Anyway, I heard what happened...with the girl."

Jarrett kept starring at his book, as Dom continued.

"That was really cool," Dom admitted, "I think it says a lot about a person, when they stand up for someone else."

"Thanks," Jarrett said, looking back at Dom. The two shifted their focus to the textbook in front of them...at least they pretended too.

Jarrett's knew he wouldn't be able to focus. He wanted nothing more than to jump Dom at that very moment. He thought back to Justin. But he knew he couldn't be aggressive with Dom, and he didn't want to be. He wanted to be himself. Dom was simply too good of a guy to be caught up with the thoughts running through Jarrett's mind.

"I think you're really hot," Jarrett blurted. Jarrett quickly glanced at Dom, to see he had caught his full attention. "I can't help my feelings...studying together probably isn't a good idea."

A few seconds of deafening silence passed before Dom spoke, "Yeah, studying probably isn't a good idea."

Jarrett took a breath, as he felt Dom's hand on the side of his face. Dom turned Jarrett's head towards him, as he moved in for a kiss.

Jarrett jumped backward, surprised, but Dom's lips quickly caught up to his, and before he knew it they were kissing. The kiss ended and Dom moved in again. This time Jarrett kissed him back. Although, he had sex before, Jarrett realized this was his first kiss.
