 I worked the rest of my shift lost in thought about what I had just done to Dale in the storage closet. I could not believe that I had allowed things to go so far—glad that I did not allow the rational part of my brain talk me out of it. With an eight-inch cock grinding in my ass, I had lost all capability of rational thought. And I did not regret it one bit. 

I was so horny after work, that I started making mental plans about how Dale and I were going to hook up afterward. It was nearly heartbreaking when the circumstances would not work out. My sister had suffered a miserable breakup, and was staying at my place—and horny or no, I did not want to fuck in close proximity of my sleeping sister. I never like the thought of having an audience during sex, and often wonder if whether my neighbors can hear me. Dale told me that his brother spent the last three months buying drugs rather than paying rent, and was sleeping at a buddy's house. I floated the idea of a hotel, but he declined. He had to help his old man re-shingle his roof out in Coolidge. With temperatures forecast to be a hundred and eight, he said that he needed an early start—waking up at 4am early. 

We both had the day after that off, and he promised to meet me that evening. And if Dale wasn't so obviously in a rush to get a few hours of sleep before heading out to Coolidge, I would have offered to suck his dick in the parking lot. Watching him pull out of his space, and the taillights disappear as he turned the corner, I regretted not making the offer anyway. 

He texted me a few times the next day—frequently informing me of what he planned to do with my ass—and we agreed that I would get us a hotel somewhere downtown. 

I was nearly shaking by that afternoon. It had gotten so by that I nearly masturbated to soothe my nerves. But I talked myself out of it. I wanted to go into this full bore. I knew that in the end, it would have worked out better that way. I had a glass or two of wine with my sister, and that helped get me to the point where I was able to function again. I told her nothing of my date with Dale—close as me and her are, we never go into details regarding our sex lives.

At 5pm, Dale texted me that he had just gotten back into town, and was going to stop by his buddies house for a few to clean up. We agreed to meet at a McDonald's a few blocks from the hotel at 7. This gave me plenty time to get myself ready. I shaved my body diligently, and loosened myself up with a dildo slightly smaller than the size of Dale's cock. I had hit a bit of a dry spell, and it had been quite a while since I last had some cock. I knew that Dale's cock could have done a number on me if I did not go in prepared. So, shaved and well scrubbed, I headed downtown ready for my date with Dale. 

Upon walking into McDonald's, I scanned the dining area, and saw that Dale was not there. I ordered myself a Coke, and sat down at a booth near the front of the store. I texted Dale as soon as I sat down, and he texted back immediately that he was almost there. 

Two minutes later, Dale walked in. I stood up, and nearly hugged him when he made it to me. I only stopped myself because I was not sure Dale would have been okay with a public display. He pointed at my Coke. 

"Are you getting anything to eat?" 

I shook my head. I never liked eating before sex, but did not want to divulge this information. Instead, I told a white lie. "No, I'm good. I had a big lunch with my sister."

"Would you mind if I grabbed something?" Dale asked, motioning his head toward the cashier. "I haven't had anything but a couple of corndogs before heading out to Coolidge this morning."

I shook my head. "No, go ahead. I'll wait here for you."

I watched Dale as he ordered his food. He was a new employee, having only worked with the company for around two months—and I knew him even less than that. I then realized how little I knew of him. I must admit, it turned me on knowing that I had a history with him while knowing next to nothing about him. I thought, "That guy up there? I swallowed his cum." I felt myself blush. 

Dale turned to the soda fountain and filled his cup with Dr. Pepper. A few seconds later, he reached my table.

"What are you blushing about?" he asked. 

I could not look him in the eye. "Nothing. I guess it just feels hot in here."

"I bet it does," Dale said. "And I forgot to mention earlier, that you look great."

I felt myself blushing even more. I saw Dale give a half smirk before unwrapping his cheeseburger and taking a bite. 

"Will you stop?" I asked, looking away from him.

"Stop what?" he asked, wiping his mouth with a napkin. "I was only commenting you. Nothing wrong with a compliment."

I was still unable to look at Dale. I don't know what it was about him, but he made me feel very nervous. Like I was an awkward teenager again. Nervous as it was, it felt good. 

Dale kept going. It was as though the deal was not done, that he had to talk his way into my panties. He took another bite and washed it down with a sip of his drink.

"Let me tell you," Dale said, speaking without care of being overheard. "I could not think straight all day. Hard to keep my mind on the shingles. I had to re-set an entire row. Looked like I was shingling a ramp. Old man thought I was high on drugs—though I'm sure he was more sore at me not sharing."

"Yeah?" I asked. "Did you get the roof done?"

"I got him to where he and my uncle could finish in an hour," Dale replied. "I was in a hurry to get away. No kidding, I've been hard all day. Hell, I am now. I would have texted you to meet me at the hotel instead, but I was so hungry that I was shaking. I was up on the roof something like nine hours without much of a break. I wanted to get shit done, and get out of there."

It was me who now was nearly shaking—being so close to a man who was ready to fuck.

Dale finished eating quickly—wolfing down his burger and nearly inhaling his fries. Once he finished with his drink, he stood up and motioned his head toward the door. He adjusted his crotch for a split second before picking up his food tray. "Come on. Let's get out of here." 

I stood up, and followed him awkwardly to the trashcan, and finally out the door. 

Dale held the door open for me and fished his keys from his pocket. "Where is the hotel? Somewhere close by?"

I motioned my head toward the road. The hotel was a block away. "Right there. It's the motel 6. Not fancy, but it will do."

"It sure the hell will."

We headed toward the parking lot, and I saw the Dale had parked right next to me. I looked him in the eye.

"Follow me. I'll try not to lose you."

Dale scoffed, and got into his truck. 

Less than a minute later, I pulled into a space at the hotel. Dale was quick to pull along side of me. I sat there for a second behind the wheel, feeling a small wave of nervous tension radiate through my body. I always get a little nervous when dealing with a new partner. Though I sat there mere seconds, Dale was already at the fender of my car. His motions, too seemed nervous, but he clearly appeared excited—like a man who looked primed to get his fuck on. With this thought, I stepped out of the car. 

I motioned my head to the stairs, and started walking up them. I could hear Dale's footsteps behind me. 

"It's room 207," I said, lifting my hand toward the fourth door on the right. 

Dale did not answer. He continued to follow me. 

I slid the key card in, and held the door open for Dale. His crotch brushed against my thigh, and he walked past me. When I closed the door behind me, and slid the dead bolt home, it hit me full force. For some reason, I found it hard to face Dale. I closed my eyes, and a couple seconds later, I turned around. Dale was smirking at me, and grabbing his crotch. I could already see his hard cock through the denim—knowing that at any moment that thing was going to be inside of me. 

"Well, this is it," I said nervously. "What do you think?"

Dale approached me. He put a hand on each of my ass cheeks, and pulled me close to him. I grinded my pelvis into his crotch. 

"I think I want to fuck," Dale said, squeezing my ass hard. 

"I think that can be arranged," I replied. 

I looked up at him, and he leaned in toward me. I closed my eyes and felt his lips on mine, and his tongue enter my mouth. Dale was a deep kisser, and his first tongue thrust went nearly clear to my tonsils. I was surprised at the deep intrusion, but did not gag. I just wrapped my lips around his tongue, and started to suck it as though it was a cock. I put my hand on his crotch, and started to massage him. His cock twitched under my touch. After a few more seconds of sucking on his tongue, I pulled away.  

"Why don't you give me a few seconds to get comfortable?" I asked, motioning my head to the bed. "I won't keep you long."

Dale kicked off his shoes and walked to the bed. 

I had no intentions on keeping him long. In seconds I dressed, and pulled out an 2xl large shirt, and slipped it on. I always like wearing the shirt—it fit me like a short skirt. Helps make me feel sexy, keep me from feeling too exposed, I guess. I put a few drops of lube on my fingers, and massaged my ass—inserting the tips of my fingers in to ensure the lube reached inside. I slipped on a pair of pink girl/boy shorts, looked myself in the mirror, and opened the door.

Dale was laying on his back totally nude, and stroking his slightly curved penis. I stood there nearly mesmerized watching him slowly stroke his cock. 

"My god, you look great," Dale said. "Turn around, and let me see that butt."

I turned around. I bent over slightly, and lifted the hem of my shirt. I looked over my shoulder and could see Dale biting his lips. 

"You have a great ass," he said. "Now, without the underwear."

I dropped the underwear to my ankles, and kicked them aside. I put my palms on my ass cheeks and slowly pulled them apart.

"You like?" I asked, after a few seconds of silence. 

"Damn right I like," Dale replied. 

"Good," I said, turning back to him. "I want you to like it. Now lay back."

Dale laid back, and I got on my hands and knees at the foot of the bed, and started to crawl toward his cock. I lowered my head, and started licking the inside of his thighs until I reached his balls. I reached up, and pinned his cock to his stomach, and took turns sucking on his balls—first the right, then the left. Dale hissed, and I felt his nuts tighten up. I thought that he was about the blow his load then and there. 

"Feels fucking good," Dale whispered. 

"Mmmm-hmmm," I replied, with both of his balls in my mouth. 

I slowly moved my mouth up the shaft of his cock, and started to licking the head. It was already wet and salty with precum. I pulled off, and lifted his cock—pointing it at my lips. I opened up, and wrapped my lips around his cock, and started bobbing. Dale thrust his hips slightly in time with my bobs. The taste of precum flooded my mouth, and I knew he wasn't going to last long. 

"I think you should slow down," Dale said. "Before I cum."

I pulled off momentarily from his cock. "I'm okay with that."

"I'm not ready to cum yet," Dale replied. "I want a chance at that ass." 

I bobbed down deep again, and pulled off with a popping noise. I started stroking his slick cock. "You ready to fuck my ass?"

Dale pushed himself up to his elbows, and started to rise. "I was ready in McDonald's."

As Dale got up, I got on my knees, and put my head on the mattress—arching my back. "It's all yours come and get it."

Dale got behind me, and started slapping my ass with his cock. I arched my back even more, and he started slapping my hole with the head of his cock. 

"Tell me you want me to fuck you," Dale said. 

"I want you to stick your cock in me, and fuck me hard."

That was all the encouragement Dale needed. Without another action or word, Dale slid balls deep in me. I felt a huge shiver down my spine in response to the total invasion. I guessed that Dale was a deep sort of guy. I lowered the arch of my back to give a better angle.

"Whew," I said. "That's pretty deep."

"Your ass is so tight," Dale said, pulling out a few inches, and easing his way back in. "I don't think I'm going to last very long this first time. You don't mind if I bust early do you?

I shook my head. "You can bust any time you want to. I want to feel your cum inside of me."

Again, Dale took this encouragement and ran with it. He pulled out and slid in, and in seconds, developed a good rhythm. I could hear the sound of his balls hitting my thighs, and his heavy breathing. Every time Dale thrusted deep, I felt a shiver down my spine. In seconds, Dale's thrusts began to slow. 

"Baby, I'm going to cum," he said. "Get ready, I'm going to cum inside your fucking ass."

"Give it to me," I said, slamming my ass back into him. 

Dale slid in one last time balls deep, and held me tightly in place, with is arm across my arm and chest. Time seemed to stand still. It felt as though we were locked in this position without moving for a minute. I was starting to think that he had plateaued and that his orgasm got away from him. But a second later I felt his cock twitch inside me, and he started emptying his sack in me. His cum felt hot—nearly burning. Dale bit me on the shoulder softly, and grunted with every spasm. With the final spasm, he pulled out of me, and I could feel a trail of hot cum leak down my legs. I reached back, and scooped some up with my fingertips, and licked them clean. 

"Tastes good," I said. 

"That was awesome," Dale said, collapsing on the bed beside me. 

I positioned myself to lay next to him. "It was. It was."