 Iowa is just about the middle of nowhere. And I was just about stuck there.

A few years ago, I was working for an issues group right outside of Omaha in Council Bluffs. To a lot of people, it would seem a great gig. I barely had any accountability, didn't have to report to someone except by phone or email, worked from my office, and set my own hours. There were goals and expectations, but everything was so muddled and confusing that it was tough to figure out when I was doing well or really what I should be doing in the first place. So I had a lot of free time and was making a decent amount of money. But, like I said, I was stuck.

I'm not from Iowa, though it is a very nice state. Originally, I'm from Pennsylvania and moved to Iowa for this project that only lasted a few months but seemed like it would be good for my resume. Plus, at 24, I figured I was young enough that it was worth the trip, promoting some good liberal issues at the same time. As an average looking white guy, I blended in pretty well. Too well actually I guess because it is very easy to get lost in the crowd when everyone pretty much looks the same.

Out in Council Bluffs I knew pretty much nobody, and the few people I did know I couldn't talk to because they were working for campaigns or organizations that prevented us from communicating. And they were always really busy anyway. The few people from my organization who were also in the state were hours away in Des Moines or Ames. Plus, knowing that I was only going to be around for 6 months, with no intention of staying even if I could, I was hesitant to start a relationship or get myself too invested in the region.

Loneliness and boredom, however, cause the mind to wander. I have to confess that I have always had a fetish for pantyhose and tights. In high school, I would stare at girls legs every time they wore any legwear. I snuck a few pairs of my mom's when she had a snag and tried them out, feeling how smooth and snug they were on my legs and feet and ass, but especially how great they felt on my cock. By college, I had gathered the courage to buy a few pairs of my own hose, usually at a supermarket late in the day, and slip them on, stroking my cock and cumming in the nylon. But anytime I did wear hose, I had to take them off for fear of getting caught, so I rarely wore them for more than an hour at a time, then went back to lusting after legs in hose and the feeling in nylon.

College was also when I started to see pantyhose websites and see pictures, videos, and stories of men wearing pantyhose. I've always lusted after women and consider myself straight, but, for some reason, the thought of wearing pantyhose with another guy just got me so so hot. It was just a fantasy, and not always a frequent one, but I couldn't help but look at some of the pictures and stare, noticing myself getting harder.

That was college. That was when I had roommates and friends around all the time. Now I was in Iowa, away from most anyone I knew, and definitely alone. Now I could buy pantyhose anywhere and not think about anyone noticing me. Now I could wear them as long as I wanted at home, cause I lived alone and it wouldn't matter. I still was nervous, but after my first time going to JC Penney and buying some nice pink tights and black sheer hose, I got a rush and quickly my hose collection was around a dozen pairs. I started to not just look at pictures online, but join chatrooms and email groups. I took pictures of myself in pantyhose and showed them to strangers. I couldn't believe how exciting it was, even if I never showed my face. At first I just showed off my legs on the couch or stood and posed, and it took a bit before I got the courage to get closer and show my cock hard in pairs of hose, but I was loving showing myself off, and then getting pictures from others in hose as well.

I still looked mostly at women online. And I still was always checking out women at the stores when I went out. I tried to meet a few women at bars, but I'm a shy guy and somehow being alone made me more reserved. At one point I joined a dating site, but they said there were no matches near me. Needless to say, I had reserved myself to just being alone for the 6 months and leaving it at that. But, now I was feeling more free with my fetish. I started not just wearing hose to jerk off, but sleeping in them sometimes, and I even started to wear them out under my pants.

God what a rush it was to wear pantyhose under my pants, feeling that nylon brush against my thighs and caress my cock all day. I didn't do it every day, just if I didn't have some work project to do and felt a rush to do it, but my fear that people would notice seemed unfounded. The girl at the register never cared when I bought tights. Nobody every seemed to bat an eye when I searched for the right color or size. In some ways, this was a disappointment, and I was surprised that I was let down that nobody gave me a wink or even a comment, but it allowed me to feel more comfortable wearing them.

I felt comfortable again when I was wearing some Leggs Sheer Energy black pantyhose while at the JC Penney again, this time shuffling through some huge collection of tights. I was deciding on a color, and picked up a pair of forest green in my size. Once I had them in my hand, I had to stroke the fabric in my hand just a bit, loving how soft it was.

"I bet those will look good on you."

I froze. I didn't turn my head, just darting my eyes over to the left and right to see if someone was saying that to someone else. After all, I was alone, right.

"You should get the red tights too, those look fun."

Now there was no doubt, I was caught. I bit my lip and was literally sweating, at least from my head, even though the a/c was blasting. I turned and saw a man a little older than me, probably a shade over 30, who looked in decent shape but definitely not muscular, and most definitely not creepy looking. He was smiling at me, and I was still holding the green tights.

"Oh, these, uh, they are for my girlfriend," I was barely able to muster.

"Nonsense," he said, still smiling knowingly at me. "I know they're for you, you're wearing some right now."

At that, I got nervous, running my hands around my waist, of course I had worn a shirt that would cover enough to not show a waistband even if I bent over. The guy nodded down and I saw that I had snagged the ankle of my hose just a bit right on a small hook. 

"I bet you don't have a girlfriend either, do you?" He whispered, leaning over to me, my breath heavy.

"Uh, um." I couldn't think straight, I didn't know what to do. This was not in my plan.

"Do you have a boyfriend instead?"

"No no! I...I just like pantyhose, that's all." 

"Well, if you're so single, let me introduce myself, I'm Steve." He reached out his hand to me and I felt no option but to shake and be courteous at least.

"Jeff." I felt dumb for not making up a fake name, but I wasn't thinking straight, figuratively or literally.

Steve took the green tights from my hand and looked at them, clearly inspecting for the size, and then he bent over and picked up a pair of red ones, just like he'd mentioned. He smiled at me and nudged me to follow, which I felt obliged to do at this point, going down the aisle that had all the other hose with him.

"Since I seemed to have startled you, why don't I buy these for you? It's the least I can do." He was very friendly, and hey, he already knew I liked hose, so what's the harm in a couple free pairs. 

I stood back while he paid, not being comfortable enough to buy with him. When he got his change, I followed him out of the store to the parking lot.

"Here you go Jeff," he said, still with a smile as he handed the bag to me. "I wish I could see how nice they are on you."

I took the bag and shuffled my hands together nervously. "Um, I guess I could take a picture in them and email you."

He smiled again at that. Dammit, why did he keep smiling! "that'd be nice."

He shuffled in his pocket and got a more sly look on his face. "Though, if you're gonna send me a picture anyway, why don't you come over and pose for me. I'll wear some of my hose too if you'd like."

I couldn't believe it. It was a fantasy coming true, but I wasn't sure if I wanted it to come true. Steve seemed to notice my uncertainty and his voice got quieter.

"You don't have to do anything you don't want to do, but I have a feeling you want to or you would have said no pretty fast. I know you like pantyhose a lot because I've seen you buying them a few times. That's what got me more into wearing hose myself. We did it a couple times, but seeing you buying your tights reminded me how hot it was. So why not just come over and do the things you probably want to do. We won't hurt you."

"Who-who's we?" I went from curious to scared. Were these guys just out to beat me up and take my money?

"My boyfriend Greg. He's fine, trust me. I got him to try a pair of hose too and he thought it was pretty sexy. Not as into it as you or I, but we could all have fun." He seemed so confident and polite. This was too much of an opportunity.

I gulped. "Ok, but I'll follow you."

It was tough to believe this was happening. I pulled my car behind Steve's and followed him for no more than ten minutes, which somehow seemed like an eternity and a split second all at once. His house was really nice on the outside and it felt welcoming. He waited for me at his car as I got out, bag of tights in my hand. We got to the front door where Greg was waiting in a tshirt and jeans. I looked down and saw his feet were in navy hose, it was obvious, and my eyes went wide.

"You must be Jeff," he said to me, shaking my hand. "Steve called me from the mall and said you were coming over. I guess you can see I put on some pantyhose myself. Thought you'd like."

Steve playfully slapped his chest. "I thought you'd wait for me! You two talk while I change then."

I walked inside and was still unsure as Greg offered me a seat on the couch. He then walked to the kitchen and came back with some drinks, a rum and coke for me. 

"Here, I got you a rum and cock- oh my God, I mean coke! Sorry bout that!"

I just laughed, and for some reason felt at ease as I took the glass, sipping on the straw in it.

"Doesn't taste like cock to me, heh." He slapped my thigh and leaned back with his drink.

"Oh, then you do know what it tastes like then, hrm?" Greg was leaning forward with his drink.

I looked down into my glass, stirring the ice cubes around. "No, was just joking. Never really done that."

He slid up closer to me. "Is that something you do want to do though?"

I didn't answer, frozen from the uncertainty of the situation still.

"Don't worry Jeff, you can be comfortable here. You can trust us, I promise. Why don't we just share some fantasies, huh? For instance, I've always had a fantasy of being with two guys at once, in some way, I don't know, it always just got me hard. And Steve, he's always been a bit more shy. He just fantasized about picking up a stranger." He looked at me with a smile and I noticed that Steve still wasn't back yet. "What about you?"

"Well, I've always fantasized about wearing pantyhose with someone, playing with each others cocks in hose, touching and seeing each other." I could not believe what was coming out of my mouth and was already wondering what might be going into it soon enough!

"Hmmm, is that all? That does sound hot though. After all, I got my hose on and they feel nice."

I sighed, this was it. "I've often fantasized about sucking cock, especially through pantyhose. I think it'd be hot to just be a submissive cock sucker, everyone in hose, everyone playing with their cocks and having others cum through their hose right onto me. And then helping me cum too." I slapped my mouth in disbelief.

"Well then this is your lucky day."

That wasn't Greg, it was Steve, who was walking into the room naked except for his sheer black pantyhose. And his cock was very visible, straining against the nylon. I was mesmerized.

"Let's see you too Jeff." Greg was asking to see me in my hose and I was just so in the moment, standing up and dropping my pants, showing my hard cock in the nylon. "mmm nice, want to help me out of these pants so I can show off too?"

As if on instinct, I got on my knees and unbuttoned his jeans and pulled them down, loving the sound of it sliding against the nylon fabric. Once he stepped out of the jeans, I looked up, face to face with a cock for the first time. He looked down at me with a smile. "Well if you want to suck some, now is the PERFECT time to start."

I licked my lips and then licked the cock right through the nylon. It wasn't hard enough to me, so I stroked it with my hand, running my finger up the underside and getting harder myself listening to him moan. As it grew in my hand, I took the nylon covered cock and devoured it in my mouth, getting it wet and feeling its heat between my lips. I hugged his thigh to get better positioning and sucked harder, teasing the hard member with my tongue and massaging it with different twists and turns from my tongue. He was moaning loudly now and I was working my mouth faster, feeling his cock fill my whole mouth and loving it.

"Wow, you're better than I expected," came the response from Steve, who was now standing next to Greg, stroking his own cock in his black pantyhose. I looked up at him and reached up to take control, stroking his cock while I continued sucking his boyfriend. Quickly though, Greg was making moaning sounds much louder and he rubbed my head. 

"I'm going to cum so hard!" he practically yelled. I looked up at Steve who said "Keep going, I'll tell you when to stop." So I kept sucking, taking the whole cock in my mouth and then all at once, his cum shot through the nylon into my mouth. Steve pushed my face back a bit and I kept stroking Greg's cock to get the cum out as they both watched me get cum all over my face and lips. I started to move away when Steve said "Give it a few more licks, see if you can get any more out."

So I went back, with pleasure, lapping up the wet crotch of Greg's pantyhose and teasing the tip of his cock with the tip of my tongue. A little cum seeped out and I went AHHH and sucked it right up, whipping my face with his hose. He smiled and sat back, clearly relieved. That's when I turned back to Steve, who looked down at me and asked "Do you want my cock next?"

"Yes," I breathed, so hot for what he had.

"Well, you said you wanted to be a sub, so why don't you stay there a minute and tell me how much you want this?" He didn't look stern or mean, but just hard and welcoming, trying to make my fantasy come true.

"Please Steve, I want your hard cock in my mouth. I love how delicious it looks in those pantyhose. Please let me make you cum and show you how talented my mouth and tongue can be. I want your cum so bad." I couldn't believe what I was saying, but I was so turned on I couldn't help it.

Steve sat back on the couch and spread his legs, saying "If you want it, take it."

His cock was straining against the nylon and I gobbled it up whole, bobbing my head up and down slowly and then fast, sliding my tongue hard against the underside of it. I felt his hose covered ass while I licked the cock with my huge tongue like a dog drinking water and then swirled it around, making Steve moan and groan. As I sucked, Greg sat on the couch and encouraged me saying "You are such a good cock sucker" and "Take that cock, you're gonna love his cum."

As my sucking got a little slower but more focused, Steve whispered something in Greg's ear and he smiled. I paid no attention, but in a second, Greg took my arms and tied them together behind my back. Oddly enough, I didn't fight back, just focusing on the cock. I sucked, I mean sucked, hard on the cock and Steve started to really let it out now, his cum shooting through the nylon. I kept licking, but was pulled back and made to stick out my tongue to tickle the cock and take in the last of the cum like it was snowflakes. 

Immediately I smiled at the end result, the pantyhose covered in wetness and my mouth covered in white. However, I had no way to move, and the two men helped me get up and sit on the couch. My hands stayed behind my back and they looked down at my rock hard cock in my black pantyhose and both started to stroke my thighs and cock. I wanted it to last forever, but I was so sensitive. Steve leaned in and started to suck and right away I was twitching, breathing so so heavily. He noticed and moved, just running his fingers up and down my nylon covered shaft. They both leaned in and put their tongues on my cock, running up with a lot of pressure and that was it. I exploded all over my hose and chest, more cum than I could ever remember. They looked down and smiled at the huge stain on my hose.

"You like that?" asked Greg, still slowly rubbing my cock. All I could do was nod.

"Think you're ready to be intied?" asked Steve. And again all I could do was nod to him, cum still on my face.

"And you think you might want to have some fun again later?" Greg smiled at Steve as he asked, nudging him that they had something good. I yelled out "Oh Yes," which was what they wanted.

Steve stood up and took my keys and wallet from my pants and put them in the bag with my tights from the mall. He brought over my shoes and shirt and sat down next to me, his hands petting my wet hose.

"Ok, then we're going to keep your pants here. You go home wearing just your pantyhose and shirt and shoes and we promise there will be more fun in the future." 

I was so into the moment that I agreed right away. Greg untied my arms and Steve handed me my shirt, which I quickly put on. He patted me on the ass as I walked out the door, exposing my cock in my hose to anyone that would pass by, though thankfully it was now late and dark, with nobody in site. 

On the ride home, I was sweating and I couldn't wait to get to my apartment. I looked around for safety before running up the stairs and then shut my door right away, making sure nobody saw me. When I sat down on my couch, I reached into the bag to check my wallet and saw a note:

"We had a great time with you Jeff. Email us when you're ready to have fun again. Or give a ring."

And there was their number and email on the back. I wouldn't be too alone in Iowa anymore.

*

Feel free to contact me via my Literotica profile (link below).