 He was almost completely untouchable. Even in his tribe he was an anomaly, the rest of the friendly people tactile by normal standards, but to him they kept a respected distance, granting him the space the shaman deserved by some silent demand to keep all hands off of his smooth dark skin. I had been in the jungle for months now, watching him out of the corner of my eyes, even as I recorded everything I could about the isolated cluster of people that seemed to be caught in a far more ancient, primal time. To most they would have seemed little more than animals at first glance, but I had been here for too long. 

Really, too long was an understatement. 

The small archipelago of close islands had only been discovered a year ago, a bizarre weather pattern that swirled over the cluster having kept it covered from satellites and passing crafts for so very long. It was a plane crash in the middle of the largest isle that had finally shown the lands as inhabited. Nine months later, I had been sent here, one of the few granted leave to merely…step back in time. At first, it had been a wondrous dream, and in a way it still was, were it not for the prancing medicine man that seemed to linger foremost in my mind now. 

While he locked himself away inside the stone temple, I lay on the floor of the hut they had made aside for me, staring up at the thatched ceiling. Around it misted a pale blue, sweet-smelling smoke that seemed to keep the worst of the insects at bay, the protective incense a gift from the shaman himself. He called himself Makya. My journals stacked beside me, a rolled-up jacket serving as a pillow, I could see the exotic beauty in the shapeless wisps of smoke above me. In the slow process of learning the native tongue, they had tried to explain to me some of the shaman's oddities. Silver hair was tied at the back of his head, falling down to the middle of his back, bangled and braided with bones, teeth, claws, and feathers, yet he couldn't have been far past his twenties, no matter how difficult it was to tell age with these people. His acolytes had explained that he was a "spirit child," one that was born at the exact moment an elder died. That seemed reason enough for his silver hair, though his skin also seemed a shade or two lighter than his counterparts, and his eyes were an enchanting aqua. There must have been some genetic explanation for it, but he would never allow me near enough for a closer look, much less to draw blood. For now, I just drew his image on the smoke above me. He was short in comparison to me, of course, perhaps five feet ten inches, lithe and limber, looking nearly boyish despite his silver hair. 

Closing my eyes, I tilted my head back, my hand drifting down the front of my bare chest, soothing over the sweat that had collected there from the heavy humidity. A black diamond tattoo rested beneath each of his strange eyes, and another inking of a snake wound around his torso, reared and ready to strike, the tail disappearing beneath the front of the simple wrap he wore around his waist. I could only imagine where the tip ended, where it curled and nestled on that smooth skin. 

I ran my tongue over my lips, well aware of how unprofessional my hormones were leading my thoughts, but after staying months here without relief… I could hear nothing outside but the jungle, insects buzzing and the rustle of the canopy overhead. My hand slid down further, as if with a life of its own, rubbing against a growing erection. God, that it were his fingers, instead.

Any day I could have requested relief from any of the other beautiful men and women around me, had I asked, or even shown some hint of interest aside from professional. They looked to me still warily, as if I were some higher being still only playing at being human. I suppose it must have all been a shock to them. All of them…except him. 

I couldn't help but groan to the night air as I started to stroke myself, skin hotter than even the temperature could account for. I had been observing with a loaded gun for a week, and I could feel my cock throbbing now from the much-needed attention. Squeezing my eyes shut, I ran my thumb over the mushroom head, slicking over a drop of pre-cum that oozed needily from the slit. Mouth open, I drew my fingers to my lips for a taste, imagining the salty tang came from him. I had seen him dance naked, painted from the neck down in a brilliant gold, black patterns etched all down his body like scales. He had pranced for hours in the night, illuminated only by fire, and seen just in glances through the open doors of the stone temple. Squeezing my aching cock a bit harder, I could still see his smooth thighs and that inviting, pert ass, feathers at his ankles and wrists, his hair let free to spin about him like a silver halo. I shouldn't have been watching then, no more than I should have been stroking myself now into quick, moaning pants. 

Turning onto my side, I rested one cheek on my arm, rubbing my hand up and down my erection more urgently, feeling the surges of pleasure building. God, I had needed this so badly. Soft grunts rose from my chest as I curled my hand almost painfully tight around the shaft, careless and rough in my urgency, stopping every so often to slip down further and squeeze my balls, feeling them swell with their own eager pulse. My eyes cracked open just as I felt the pressure mounting, hearing the dull sound of flesh on flesh, echoing another activity no doubt indulged in inside some of the neighboring homes, husbands and wives. A shadow moved in front of my hut, but I didn't stop, panting against my arm, watching the familiar form. Just when I saw his blue-green eyes glinting in the moonlight, I couldn't hold back, the sight of that nearly-naked body in the doorway tipping me over the edge.

I turned my head, biting down on my arm to quiet the cry of relief, orgasming hard. Four shots coated my hand and the woven mat beneath me, two more spurting almost guiltily as I rode down the waves, still staring up at the shaman who made no noise, only watched. When I had finally stopped, and brought my teeth away from my arm, he snorted, folding his arms over his chest. 

"I thought a wild boar had come, with the grunts and squeals."

He spoke in his native tongue, of course, and he smiled a half second after I felt the heat rise to my cheeks. It was so hard to tell whether or not he was teasing, seeming smug about something, at least. Sitting up, I wiped my hand on the mat the best I could, pulling a spare fur over my legs. Like most of them, I slept in the nude in the heat, but to be caught like that…

"I…did not mean to bother you," I answered finally, taking awhile to find the right words in the still unfamiliar language. A lot of it seemed to be guessing still.

With a little swagger to his hips, he stepped completely into the hut, smoke swirling around his shoulders and framing that boyish face. "Do I seem bothered?" He laughed, tossing his head, his hair still held back at the nape of his neck, swirling from side to side behind him, beads rattling among the silky strands. "There is a woman eager for the children of a stranger that would have accepted you, Doctor."

I felt my cock give a throb at the last word, hearing the heavy accent on the English word. When I had introduced myself as Dr. James Heir, doctor was the only part of it they had taken to calling me, even after I had told them otherwise. Hearing from those sweet lips, though, was enough to give new life to my libido.

"I could not take the honor," I assured, swallowing around a dry throat. Besides, how could I tell him that I would rather be thrusting into him than any of the women in camp? While happily bisexual (though I must say, men are my greater preference,) I could see no one here of worth whenever he was around. A friend and colleague had told me many times I had a taste for the exotic, in décor, in food…he had no idea it traveled to other fields, as well. 

"You could," Makya corrected, moving over and sitting in front of me, crossing those long, smooth legs. Aside from his head, he was nearly hairless, lacking even eyebrows by then, apparently a side-affect of the oil they made and often mixed with their paints, and he was almost always moving around with some sort of color on his body, if not all over. "But you do not." He smiled, teeth surprisingly white for being 'uncivilized,' standing out in stark contrast against his darker skin.  

"I am here to learn." I reminded him, though he didn't seem convinced. To my arousal, he reached down and ran one finger through the milky fluid still coating the mat, drying slowly in the heavy humidity. Almost curiously, he watched it start to slide down the length of his finger, pearly in the moonlight. Already my cock was at full attention beneath the fur, yearning to paint more cum on that body.

"What did you learn tonight?" He asked, tilting his head slightly to one side. He brought his finger closer to his mouth, then dropped his hand abruptly and wiped it clean on the bare dirt. Tease.

"You walk softly."

He laughed at that, short, but with honest amusement, something rarely seen from the shaman. He had a reputation to uphold, after all. "You breathe loudly," he returned, about to say more, but interrupted by a long yawn, stretching his arms above his head. "It is considered ungrateful to relieve oneself when there is company around, without asking for assistance."

That, at least, baffled me. I hadn't heard of such a custom, but then again…I had never been caught in the act of masturbating while I had been here. Bowing my head, I gripped the fur a bit tighter, well aware of my throbbing erection, renewed quickly with the enticement sitting so close. "I apologize if I offended. I did not know."

The shaman smiled again, reaching over without warning and yanking the fur away from my legs, and out of my hands. He rose to his feet, dropping it on the floor and only giving my body a once-over with his eyes, lingering for half a second longer on the eight inch cock jutting up from between my legs.

"Good night."

He turned to leave, displaying that ass barely covered by a wrap around his waist, shorter in the back than the front, and I could almost catch sight of his balls as well, were the shadows not so heavy.

"Wait!" I was on my feet before I knew it, ducking my head to keep from hitting the top of the hut, my six feet one inch taller than the rest of the men, not built for these homes.

He looked back over his shoulder, long fingers resting on his hips, cocking a brow curiously. There was something so smug and condescending in the gesture, but it only made my loins tighten. Arrogant, confident little prick. He was playing me like a fish on a lure, but I couldn't resist biting down harder, driving the hook in deeper. "I need your assistance."

That smile came again, and he laughed, pointing down at the row of huts. "Ask yourself!" Dropping his hands, he strutted back to the stone stairs, and disappeared up inside the temple, leaving me standing naked in the dark, my cock offering his parting rear a last salute. 

I should have known. 

 ***