 I had gone back to work stocking closets. I had lost more than two hours lost in work and concentration. My work stocking closets involved little to no brain power, so this allowed me to drift further and further into reverie about what had happened in the 1st floor closet between me and Dale. I spent those two hours reliving those moments, and thinking where things could lead. I'm glad my job didn't require much thought out of me that night, because I was so intent on Dale's cock that I could have fucked up a cup of coffee. 

I like to finish with the basement closet, so I wouldn't have to go far for the cardboard dump, and I could drop my hand truck to the docks on my way to lunch. I started toward closet—still in near trance, thinking about Dale and his cock. That thing sure looked fun to play with. 

I slid my key in the lock, and opened the door. I threw the door open, and backed my way in—pulling the cart into the closet behind me. 

"You need a hand?" 

Now, I am not usually given to theatrics, but I nearly screamed. I was totally under the impression that I was alone. I spun around so quickly that I nearly caught a corner of a shelf with my temple. Dale was sitting in the corner of the closet, sitting on an over turned 10-gallon trashcan.

"Dale," I said. "You scared the hell out of me."

Dale only smiled. 

"How long have you been waiting down here to scare me?" I asked. 

Dale checked the time on his cell phone. "Oh, about four or five minutes. I was beginning to give up on you."

"Give up on me for what?"

"Oh, I wanted to see if you wanted to get something for lunch."

"Well, I was going to get this closet done first," I said. "I don't think you should be in here. If Karen catches you in here, she is going to think something is up."

"What is she going to do?" Dale asked. "There isn't a rule about closets, is there?"

"Dale," I whispered. "She nearly walked in on you slapping my ass with your dick. They've got rules against that."

"Wasn't even close," Dale said. "Besides, I told her I was on lunch. She isn't even looking for me. At least not for the next thirty minutes."

Dale then looked me in the eye and he placed his hand on his crotch. "Why don't you close the door, so we can talk?"

I looked down at his hand. "I don't think that that's such a great idea." My words were speaking reason, but my actions weren't; I pushed the hand cart away from the threshold, and let the door close behind me. 

"Good," Dale said. "That's a start. Why don't you have a seat?"

"Where?" I asked, clumsily. "On the floor?"

Dale repositioned himself on the trashcan, and tapped his hand on his thigh. "Right here."

I bit my lip, and still tried to reason my way out of it. "Look, I don't think that this is such a great place. I don't like to mess around at work, and Karen's office is right around the corner."

Dale lifted a hand. "It's damn near half a mile away. We'll be fine. And if you hear anything just stand up, and pretend to straighten up the shelves."

I looked at the bulge of his crotch, knowing that if I sat in his lap, things were not going to stop there. Though I was not sure that I wanted to stop. If we were virtually anywhere else, I would let Dale have his way with me. I just never wanted to mess around at work. I never saw the point—until about two hours before. 

I slowly took a step further, and Dale thought that I could use more encouragement. "Come on, we don't have all night. I want to feel your ass again. Your ass felt fucking good."

I took another step, and our feet were nearly touching. "Oh yeah?"

I turned around, and bent over slightly. "You think you can work with this?"

Dale reached up, and grabbed my ass—goosing my left ass cheek. "Mmm-hmmm. I want to split your ass with my cock."

I then felt his fingertips dig into my hips again. He pulled me down, and I landed softly into his crotch. I could feel his cock twitch under my ass. It was as though it was trying to feel its way in. I grinded softly his crotch, and continuously gyrated my hips. His breath felt hot against my neck. 

"Goddamn, that feels good," Dale said, punctuating the statement with a grunt. 

I stopped gyrating my hips. "Quiet," I whispered. "Someone is going to hear you."

Dale did not verbally respond, nor did he acknowledge my admonition. He dug his fingertips back into my hips, and started gyrating my hips for me. In seconds, his cock was so big and hard—not exactly comfortable to sit on in our current position and dressed. I began to think of another way I could sit on it. But I tried to push the thought away. Up until that moment, I never thought that I would seriously entertain the idea of getting fucked in a storage closet, and knew I was a second or two away, if I was not careful.

"All right, Dale," I said, sighing. "I think we better stop before we get carried away."

"What?" Dale asked. "Why? This is feeling too good to stop."

"I don't really want to mess around here, Dale," I said. "Look, our day is over in a couple hours. I'll do anything you want, then. Anything."

Dale continued to gyrate my ass on his cock. I tried standing up, but his grip was too tight. A part of me was glad for this. A large part. I began to moan softly—surprising my self as I did so. 

"Come on," Dale said. "I can't stop now. I can't walk out of here like this. Besides, this feels too good to stop. Doesn't it?"

"It feels great," I replied. 

"Come on," Dale said. "Why don't you make me feel good?"

"Dale," I said. "I don't want to fuck in a closet. Not at work."

And again, my actions betrayed me. I gyrated hard into his crotch, and stuck my hand between my legs—feeling his cock with my hand for the first time. Suddenly, I wanted to make him feel good—current setting be damned. I wanted to please this hard cock—though I didn't have much time. I then had an idea. While I did not want to be exposed in case someone walked in, I figured we could still have some fun. 

"All right," I said. "I'm going to make you feel good. But you have to be quick okay? I don't want to be caught like this."

I stood up, and faced Dale.

"What do you have in mind?"

"I want to take one in the mouth," I replied. "Pull that thing out."

Dale looked only slightly disappointed that I was not going to fuck him outright. 

"Come on," I said. "Pull that thing out. I'll give you all the ass you want later. I want to swallow your cum." 

Dale nodded, and slid his uniform pants down to his knees. His cock bounced upon release, and I got my first good look at it. His cock was cut, about eight and a half inches, and his cockhead was pink. His balls were huge and hairless.

"Sit back down," I said. "And just relax. When you want to go, just bust in my mouth."

Dale, seemingly lost for words, only nodded and sat back down.

I got on my knees, and pinned his cock to his stomach. I then sucked on his left nut, and the right—feeling them tighten and constrict in my mouth. I knew then that this likely would not last long. 

I aimed his cock toward my lips, and took a second admiring it from up close. I licked my palm, and started stroking his cock. Dale hissed with pleasure. Continuing to stroke him, I put the tip of my tongue in his slit, and started rubbing the slit over my tongue. I could feel his thighs tense up. I then stuck his cock in my mouth, bobbing as far as I could go. I hadn't sucked cock in a little while, and couldn't get more than two-thirds down his shaft. On my way back up, I stroked him in my mouth. That time was a factor, I sucked his dick as though I was suffocating, and his balls filled with oxygen. Soon my mouth was filled with the taste of his precum. It tasted very salty—but I like salty things. With my free hand, I massaged his balls. I knew that he was not going to last long.

"Oh shit, I'm going to nut in your mouth," Dale said—a little too loud, but I no longer cared. All that mattered was that I was about to get a mouthful of cum. I continued to suck and stroke him off in my mouth. 

"Get ready, here it comes," Dale said. 

I had to swallow quick to keep from making a mess, though it was not too hard to do. The first shot flew to the back of my throat. The second and third shots came so hard that I felt my cheeks expand slightly. I continued to stroke him, feeling his cock spasm a total of six times. 

When I was sure he was finished cumming, I pulled his cock out slowly—sucking off a small glob that had stuck to the tip of his cock. I opened my mouth to show him his deposit, and swallowed with a smile. 

"My god," Dale said, standing up, and pulling his pants over his waist. "You have no idea how good that felt."

I licked my lips. "I'm glad that you felt good."

"Oh, I did," Dale replied. "You're damn right I did."

I held up my hand, and he gently helped me up. 

"Go ahead and go," I said. "It may look weird with both of us leaving at once. I'll get myself cleaned up, and we'll talk later."

Dale reached for the doorknob, and turned back to me. "Did you mean what you said earlier?"

I didn't know exactly what he was referring to, but I answered the best way I could think. "Every single word of it."