 Dear Mrs. Madson:

I first encountered your husband online. He was in a chatroom for bi and gay men. His ID was 4dafunofit. I checked out his profile; and while he did list himself as married, there was a picture of his bare ass. I'm sure you know how sexy your husband's ass is, so it shouldn't shock you to know it turned me on.

I initiated a conversation with him by complimenting his ass, and he thanked me. He checked my profile, and asked me about my interest in photography. I told him I was an amateur photographer, and casually asked if he wanted to model for me. He laughed it off, saying maybe when he lost some weight. I asked if he had a cam, and he said yes. I asked him to let me see him, and he said he didn't get on it until he felt comfortable with who he was talking to – and he never showed his face. I pushed a little, but he wouldn't budge, so I let it drop – I didn't want to scare, or piss, him off.

We did, however, keep chatting – on that day, and others. We'd talk about sports and movies, but for the most part we traded innuendo. I will admit that I liked him. He was funny and intelligent; probably two of the qualities about him you fell in love with. And, I'll say again, he was sexy. During our second or third chat, I asked him about the cam again. He still wouldn't turn it on, but asked if I wanted to see some pictures. I said sure, and he showed me pictures you had taken of him – back and front. His dick was as sexy as his ass. I'm not one who wants to suck dicks, but I certainly thought about my hands and mouth on his.

I suppose at that point I should have turned back, or at least slowed down. But he was so willing to keep the conversation going. He asked me what I would do to his ass, and I halfway blew off the question. I told him he didn't really want to know; a piece of the conversation follows:

4dafunofit: at least tell me what you are doing

4dafunofit: your responses are coming real slow

str8curious: i am stroking while looking at your pix

str8curious: god u have a nice ass

4dafunofit: u want to fuck it, don't u?

str8curious: yeah

4dafunofit: good

str8curious: you must love having dick in it

4dafunofit: I wouldn't know – haven't had dick, yet

str8curious: what have you had?

4dafunofit: women have fucked me with toys, or strapons

4dafunofit: and i found i'm a bit feminine when that happens

str8curious: what do u mean?

4dafunofit: my moans were not unlike what i've heard women make

str8curious: oh really? not manly grunts?

4dafunofit: lol – no

4dafunofit: I tried to sound manly at first, but when it started feeling good I just let go and enjoyed it

str8curious: i am really loving your ass – damn

4dafunofit: r u trying to make a blk man blush?

str8curious: it would serve u right for making me cum

4dafunofit: lol

str8curious: so how did it happen that first time?

4dafunofit: a sex-friend was sucking me, and slid her finger in my ass

4dafunofit: freaked me out at first, but it felt good, so she did it more and more

4dafunofit: a couple of weeks later, she surprised me with an anal dildo – or whatever it was called – and it felt really good in me while she sucked

4dafunofit: one night at her place I was laying on my stomach after we fucked, and she started playing with my ass

4dafunofit: rubbing it, palming it, then she spread it for her tongue – and I luv'd it

4dafunofit: still there?

str8curious: yeah

4dafunofit: u awful quiet

str8curious: stroking this hard dick your pix and story is giving me

4dafunofit: well let me continue

str8curious: please do

4dafunofit: she told me to get on my knees, and she'd be right back

4dafunofit: a minute or so later, she comes back and starts kissing and licking my ass again

4dafunofit: that's the part where i was trying to sound manly

4dafunofit: then she pours something on my ass, and slides her finger in

4dafunofit: I ask what she's doing, and look back to see her with a strapon around her waist

4dafunofit: I'm like, oh hell no, and got off my knees

str8curious: it was too big?

4dafunofit: it wasn't that big at all, but it was the idea of being fucked

4dafunofit: fingers and mini-dildos are one thing – a strapon is something else

str8curious: it's all within the same category

str8curious: u had already gone that far, right?

4dafunofit: lol – that's basically what she said

4dafunofit: plus, she said the strapon would give her the pleasure of fucking my sexy ass

str8curious: so you let her?

4dafunofit: it took some more coaxing, but I got back on my knees and she fingered and oiled me up

4dafunofit: she put the tip at my hole, and told me to relax – which wasn't easy

4dafunofit: i played with my dick as she pushed the head in, then worked it in inch by inch

str8curious: i can just imagine you bent over with that ass high in the air

4dafunofit: she kept talking to me and rubbing my ass as she did, and before I knew it I was feeling her hips on my ass

4dafunofit: and by that time all attempts at sounding masculine were out the window – lol

4dafunofit: i was lost in how it felt, and wasn't caring how I sounded

str8curious: lol

4dafunofit: because it wasn't real big, it actually felt good enough for her to go faster and faster

4dafunofit: her rubs on my ass became smacks

4dafunofit: her kind words of relaxation became dirty taunts

4dafunofit: I was still playing with my dick, and came – but she didn't stop

str8curious: y would she? lol

4dafunofit: she slowed down for a minute, the told me to spread my hands so that my head went into the bed, then she really fucked me

4dafunofit: had the bed moving and shit

str8curious: oh, i'm gonna cum

str8curious: i can see that shit

4dafunofit: mmmmmm cum on

str8curious: almost there – keep going

4dafunofit: I don't know if there was something rubbing her clit or what, but she had an orgasm and fell over on my back

4dafunofit: her strapon popped out, and we fell asleep like that for a couple of hours

4dafunofit: from then until we lost touch, she fucked me about a fourth of the times we saw each other

4dafunofit: u ok over there?

str8curious: yeah – just got a mess to clean up now

4dafunofit: lol – betta get u a towel or something

str8curious: 4sho, next time

That's kinda how our IMs went for a while; trading stories of our deviant sexual behaviors, and pictures of our bodies. You take some very nice pictures, by the way. I like the way you pose him to highlight his ass, and give hints of his dick. You're very creative. He likes that about you too. I have no doubt that he loves you, emotionally and physically. He liked to tell me about romantic evenings he planned for you, and even the sweaty nights you two had. He loves pussy, especially yours. I asked him once if he'd ever leave you, and he was adamant that he wouldn't – for another woman or man. I, or anybody else he chatted with, was simply filler for his idle time.

I had a dream about him one night after our chats; and when I saw him online again, I wanted him so bad:

str8curious: get on your cam

4dafunofit: not even a please?

str8curious: fuck that – just do it

4dafunofit: ok

str8curious: good – show me your ass

str8curious: mmmmmmmmm yeah

str8curious: get that ass closer to the cam

str8curious: nice

str8curious: u have toys?

4dafunofit: my wife will be home too soon for that

str8curious: just 4 1 minute

4dafunofit: sorry, no

str8curious: fuckin' tease

4dafunofit: lol

4dafunofit: btw, what are you packin?

str8curious: 10 inches

4dafunofit: mmmmmmmmm

str8curious: help me cum

4dafunofit: what do u want?

str8curious: bend over and spread your cheeks

str8curious: FUCK!

str8curious: finger that shit!

str8curious: now get on your back and lift your legs while u stroke

str8curious: spread your legs

str8curious: wider baby

str8curious: yesssssssssssssssss

4dafunofit: i like when i'm called baby

str8curious: well baby open that ass while i cum baby

str8curious: open the ass honey

4dafunofit: yes daddy

str8curious: yesssssssss baby yessssssss

str8curious: wider

4dafunofit: fill me

str8curious i am

4dafunofit: mmmmmmmmm

str8curious: here it cums! open that ass

str8curious: open that pussy

4dafunofit: like that?

str8curious: cum with me – shoot it on your stomach

str8curious: aaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

I knew we crossed several lines, but it was just one of them moments where two horny people are caught up in lust. He sat up and turned the cam off. I thought he was gone, but sent a message to check on him. He was slow to respond, but said he was okay. I apologized for treating him like that, and explained that I couldn't help myself. He laughed and said he could have not played along, if he wanted to. But he gave into an urge, and now he had to deal with it.

It was a few days before we talked again, and I asked him was he okay about that night. He said he was okay, and in fact you two had hot sex in the shower that night when you got home. I pushed him a little to tell me what happened, and he eventually opened up. He said he joined you, and started by lathering your back. He then reached around and rubbed his soapy hands over your hard nipples. Your moans made his dick hard – again. He turned you around, and knelt down to eat your pussy under the water. You had some problems balancing yourself, but you had a helluva orgasm! He stood up, turned you again, and fucked you from behind. He said he's always amazed at how good your pussy feels, and that he'll never get tired of it.

You got to cum two more times before he came in you, but his dick didn't go down. He said when you two got out of the shower, you sat on the toilet seat to lick his nuts and kiss his tip. You sucked his dick until he came again. But even after that third nut, he was still hard. He didn't know what was going on, but you weren't complaining. You two got in bed, and made slow love. Lots of kissing and caressing, while he slid deep inside you. Then you flipped on top, and pinched his nipple while you pumped his dick. He told you he loved you as he released into you, sending you into another orgasm:

4dafunofit: i can't tell you how much i love her

str8curious: do u feel guilty?

4dafunofit: yes

str8curious: so will you stop?

4dafunofit: don't ask me that

str8curious: if you feel so guilty, you have to stop

4dafunof it: i just wanna know, y'know?

4dafunofit: i wanna know what it feels like to be filled, and have a dick cum inside you

str8curious: u would do it bareback?

4dafunofit: no

str8curious: that could open you both up to all kinds of diseases

4dafunofit: i would never do it bareback

4dafunofit: way too risky

Our next few conversations that week were non-sexual. I think you and he had an argument, and he vented to me about it. Even when I tried to turn the conversations sexual, he didn't buy in. I noticed that about him - when things were heated, or not quite right between you two, he didn't talk about sex. But when you two made up, or had a night of passion, I got full details – which usually led to freaky chat between us:

4dafunofit: i was on the bed watching Justice when she came in the room

4dafunof it: she came and laid her head on me

4dafunofit: i told her she could lay on me unless she were nude

4dafunofit: she didn't hesitate – got up and took everything off, and laid back on me

str8curious: i like your wife – a lot

4dafunofit: i rubbed on her for a while, and then checked her pussy

4dafunofit: she was wet, just from my hands on her

4dafunofit: so I rubbed her clit, and she got real wet real fast

4dfunofit: i told her to get her vibrator from the closet, and i used it on her while she laid across my lap

4dafunofit: she played with her nipples, and had a slow buildup to a good orgasm

str8curious: u got me hard as shit!

str8curious: i'm leaking like a faucet

4dafunofit: i was hard too, watching her cum

str8curious: u liked that, didn't you?

4dafunofit: i liked making her feel like that – yeah

4dafunofit: and i've always liked watching her cum

str8curious: u want that, don't u?

str8curious: someone to lay u back, and make u cum

4dafunofit: oh man

str8curious: make u feel good

4dafunofit: yessssss

I started asking him to meet me somewhere, and in our next conversation he agreed to meet me at a hotel in between our locations. We agreed to meet on Sunday, so he could tell you he was going to watch football with the fellas – which was the truth.

I reserved a room at an extended stay hotel, so we could have all the comforts of an apartment. I brought some food and drinks, Astroglide, and a camera. When your husband arrived, we were like any other men meeting for the first time. During the Fox pre-game show, we ate sandwiches, and drank beer while we got to know each other. We were sitting on the couch when the game started, and the first quarter had just ended when I started guiding him to me. I sat with my arm around him until halftime, because I could tell he wasn't totally comfortable yet.

During halftime I told him to stand up for me, and take his clothes off. He sighed and hesitated a little, but the bulge in his pants was clear. I stayed dressed, and watched him get down to his underwear. I told him to stop; because I wanted to savor the moment I saw his ass in the flesh. I told him to turn his back to me and take his underwear off, and there it was.

"You like?"

"Even sexier than in pictures or on webcam," I smiled. "Back to me, so I can kiss it." I couldn't believe I was doing it myself, but I was really wanted him. I ran my hand up his thighs, and along his dick. It grew in my hands, and that was an incredible feeling. I pushed my tongue a little between his cheeks as I stroked him.

"Your hands look so good on my dick," he looked down.

"Your ass looks so good in my face." I moved one of my hands to smack his cheek, "Lay on my lap." He grabbed a pillow for his head, and laid face down. I rubbed, squeezed, and played with his ass while he sighed and moaned. I spread his cheeks, and looked at the way his hole was flexing. "Nervous?"

"A little, I guess," he chuckled.

I leaned over and blew on it, and he jumped. Then I leaned over and flicked the tip of my tongue over it, "Relax." I held him open while I reached for the lubrication. I had warmed it up, as not to startle him. He moaned when it first dripped on him. I spread just enough on him for me to slip my finger inside. "How's that feel?"

He parted his legs a little, "Feels good."

I worked my finger deeper and deeper into his ass, while the other one continued to rub and squeeze his cheeks. He began raising his ass to meet my finger, so I added a second one. He kinda grunted, and stopped moving. He turned his head, and I could see he was holding his eyes closed. "Too much?"

"No. Don't stop."

Eventually he started moving his ass again. I moved my hand from rubbing his cheeks, to rubbing his balls and dick. He had gone a little soft, until my touch made him swell again. "What's on your mind?"

"I'm thinking about how you are making me feel."

"Good, I hope."

"Desired. Sexy even."

"Slutty?"

He shook his head, "No, I don't feel slutty right now. I feel . . . special."

I thought about you at that moment, and felt guilty. I also thought about your husband, and almost stopped everything right then – but I didn't. I looked at his naked body laying across me, I looked at his ass on my lap, I reveled in the feel of my finger in his ass and my hand on his dick, and I smiled, "You are special."

He sat up, and got to his knees between my legs.

"You're about to suck my dick?"

He began taking my pants and underwear down, "Yes."

"You don't have to."

He looked at me, "I may never have an opportunity to satisfy this curiosity again. I can't say I will ever be in this position again."

My dick was too hard for him to get my pants down, so I stood up. My dick sprang out right at his eye level. For a minute, neither of us moved – then he opened his mouth and took more than half of it between his lips. He slid his mouth off, and looked up at me before doing it again. His mouth was so warm, and his tongue felt good dragging along my bottom vein. I sat down, popping my dick out of his mouth. He put his hands on my thighs, and started sucking again.

I can't say that he was better than the women who had sucked my dick, but there was something better about having him do it. I grabbed his head a few times when it felt really good, and braced myself to push my dick into his mouth other times. He pumped my dick in his hand until I shot cum onto my lap.

He slowly pumped my dick while he gazed at it. "I need something to drink," he let go and got up.

My dick stayed hard. I sat there and I collected my thoughts, not believing the situation I was in – or what I was about to do. I fished a condom out of my pants pocket, and rolled it on. I pulled off my pants and went to the kitchen – grabbing the Astroglide along the way. He had opened a beer, and was drinking it when I went behind him and bent him over. "Spread your legs," I said while I coated my covered dick with the lube.

He braced himself on the counter and moved his feet apart.

I found and guided my dick to his hole. Grabbing his waist I pushed my way inside him as far as I could get – which wasn't very far. I pushed him so that his chest was flat on the counter, and dripped lube between his cheeks while I kept pushing in. Your husband groaned and grunted, but I didn't bother to ask if he was okay. When my waist finally touched his cheeks, I put the lube down to spread him open. I found a rhythm that turned his groans into moans.

I couldn't believe my dick was sawing in and out of this sexy black man's ass, and he loved it as much as I was. I thought of talking shit to him; you know, getting him to talk dirty – but I let us both just enjoy the moment. He reached over and grabbed the other side of the counter, as his moans got louder and stronger. All of a sudden he leaned up and I felt his hole flexing hard, making it hard for me to keep up my pace. I leaned back and saw a stream of cum running down the cabinet door and pooling on the floor.

I had made him cum, and neither of us touched his dick. He lay flat on the counter again, and I grabbed his shoulders to drive my dick into him. I'm not sure how, but he lifted his leg so that his knee was on the counter – giving me even deeper access. I shifted a little, and he really started moaning at my new depths. The way he sounded, I could have closed my eyes and thought he was a woman. I lost myself in the feel of his ass, the sounds of his moan, and the sheer eroticism of the moment. Your husband cried out at the first blast of my cum. I moved my hands from his shoulders to his waist and held him close as I shot off five more blasts – each one eliciting a cry from him.
