 As I mentioned in my previous story, I had not planned to write more about my summer romance with Stefan. But now that I've told people about it, there has been an interest in me continuing to tell the story. So this is about our summer together.

When Stefan went back to school after spring break of his junior year he had a lot of projects and tests to prepare for. So we agreed to limit the time we saw one another to Wednesday night and Friday night. Of course Friday night meant that he was probably going to stay the weekend with me...but he did study a lot on the weekends he stayed with me, albeit sometimes wearing nothing but a robe, an oversized dress shirt, or oversized sweatshirt. When he really wanted to tease me while he studied he wore a fitted Dallas Cowboys jersey that was a 3XL that he bought. It went down past his knees and it did a great job hugging his cute ass. He'd study a lot at the kitchen table then walk past me while I was sitting in the living room to distract and torture me.  

We also managed to have "lunch" at least once a week. Because we were now having bareback sex, lunch encounters were all that more intense. I'd try not to masturbate about him in between encounters so that my orgasms were even more intense when I came inside him or he came inside of me. One day after lunch Stefan called me to say: "Baby I can still feel you inside me. And it feels wonderful. That's all I want to tell you." And he hung up. 

***********

A couple weeks after spring break Stefan told me that he was going to stay in town for two months in the summer so he could participate in a program that would prepare him for med school. 

"My parents said they're just going to get me an apartment near campus for this summer and my senior year," he said. "And I won't be having a roommate," he added, leaning up to kiss me. We had just made love on a warm spring Saturday morning and Stefan's body was draped over me. 

"This is amazing," Stefan said, kissing me deeply. 

"So, you're going to live in an apartment this summer?" I asked. 

"Yeah. It's nice. I looked at a sample apartment this week. It's nice. You'll have to come over after I move in," Stefan said. 

"Does that mean you won't be coming over here?" I asked. 

"Well, I'll be in this program from 8 until 5 every day. And on some Saturdays. And you'll be working. So I wasn't sure how much we'll see each other," he said. 

My heart sank and I turned silent. 

"The other option" Stefan said, "is that I could hang out here and we could have crazy sex while I'm here for the med school program."

"I like that option much more," I said, kissing him again. "I hate for you to waste that money on an apartment, but I know you just can't move in with me for the summer. As much as I would like that."

"Dude, I won't be wasting my money," Stefan said. "My parents will pay for everything. And this might sound bad but they won't miss the money. My dad is a bank executive and my mom is a high-powered surgeon. They make a ton of money and don't know what to do with all of it. I'm super grateful for everything they give me, but I don't feel like I'll be wasting their money. My dad will still take his golf trips to Europe and buy all of his toys." 

"And why raise any suspicions?" I asked. 

"Yeah," he said. "But we're going to fuck in my apartment. All over the place baby." And Stefan kissed me again, rubbing against my cock, making it harder. "Rick, can you go again? I want to feel you cum in me again. I love how it feels to be completely dominated by you and filled up by your semen."

"Shit, Stef," I said between heavy breaths. "Who needs viagra when you can make me hard like that?"

I turned Stefan on his left side and fucked him again, kissing and licking his shoulder and neck while I pumped a little more cum into his sweet boy cunt. I jacked him off while I fucked him, slowly bringing him to another orgasm shortly after I shot into his boy cunt again. 

"Oh my Rick. Oh my Rick," Stefan purred in a satisfying voice. "Just amazing how I feel when you are inside me and leave a piece of you inside me."

***************

Stefan first wore the white thigh high stockings about a three weeks after he started the summer program. I had forgotten that we had bought them on our first trip out of town. He went into the bathroom shortly after coming over on a Friday night and returned wearing nothing but the stockings. To say they accented his gorgeous and tanned legs would be an understatement. His legs were so toned already, and they looked even hotter with the white stockings over them because every line and curve stood out. His tan ended about midway on his thighs because of the shorts he wore when he rode his bike. The white square on his body made him look even cuter, if that was possible.

"How do these look on me?" he asked me in an innocent voice as he stood in the doorway leading into my living room, his cock stiffening. 

I was speechless. I was also very hard. Extremely hard. So hard that I felt like my cock was going to rip through my jeans.

"So????" Stefan asked. "So...like them? Or a bad idea."

"Stef they make your legs look even hotter. And they give me a raging hard on," I said as I rubbed my cock through my jeans.

"Put your hands down, baby," Stefan said. "Don't touch yourself. Just look at me."

I put my hands to my side. Stefan dropped to the floor and started to crawl on all fours towards me. He crawled on all fours in a sexy way, slinking his way toward me. When he reached me he kissed up my legs, kissing through my jeans. When he reached my crotch, he licked through my jeans, gently biting. 

"Somebody feels sooooo hard," he said as he nuzzled his nose in my crotch. I tried to run my fingers through his hair, but he put my hands down and said in a stern voice, "No touching me right now." 

Stefan continued to kiss me through my clothes until he reached my neck. Then it started. Stefan put his tongue in my ear and whispered in an amazingly sexy voice: "It's time for your lap dance."

Then he reached under the couch and pulled out a pair of handcuffs.

"What are those doing there?" I asked sheepishly.

"I hid them under there just for this reason," Stefan said, clicking one cuff around my right wrist. Then he crawled up on my lap and pulled my arms behind my back, cuffing my hands behind my back.

"Stef, what the hell are you doing?"

"I'm going to torture you, baby," he smiled, kissing my lips lightly. "I want to tease you and drive you nuts so much that when your hard cock is finally inside of my boy pussy that it will explode." Then he kissed my neck and licked around it to the other side, kissing me again on the neck. By then, his legs straddled me and I could feel him grinding into me. "Oooooh Rick. You feel soooooo hard through those jeans. I love it when my baby gets hard like this for me. It makes me tingle between my legs and inside of my boy pussy because I know he wants to be inside of me."

"Oh, god, Stef, please unlock me. This is torture."

"Too bad," he said, as he kissed my lips again and then stood up in front of me. He was fully erect as he ran his hands up and down his side. I desperately wanted to take his beautifully shaped cock in my mouth. Stefan stepped back a bit, put his hands on my knees and leaned forward. "You're just going to have to suffer a bit longer, my king."

"No fair," I pleaded.

"You know what's no fair?" Stefan asked. "It's no fair that I think about my amazing boyfriend in the middle of my day while we are reviewing stuff for med school. And then I get incredibly hard because I crave him and his body right then. But I have to wait at least six more hours until I get home to make love to him. Then I just get sooooo excited when I am driving back to our place because I know he's going to make love to me. I get such a hard on when I drive thinking about coming home to you...Then I wonder how much he appreciates this," he said, turning around and smacking his ass in front of me.

Oh my god his ass looked incredible when he bent over a little like that. 

"I wonder if he really appreciates my ass because I have put a lot of work into making it look good," he said. 

"Baby, I totally appreciate your ass," I said, even more turned on.

"Hmmm, do you really?" he playfully asked, bending over more and fingering himself a little in front of me but out of my touch. "Do you appreciate how much I take care of it so it will satisfy your hot cock every time you slide it deep inside me? Do you really appreciate how much I want to pleasure your gorgeous cock every time you drive it deep inside my tight little boy pussy?" Then he wiggled his ass in front of me.

Stefan turned around and said, "Maybe you don't know how much I long to have my cock inside of you or your mouth?" He started to stroke it in front of me. "Maybe you don't know how much I love it when you worship my cock and then let me put it inside of you? Maybe you don't know how much I long to shoot my semen deep inside of you? Do you know how fucking hard you make me baby?"

Stefan stood over me and smiled, then he looked down at the bulge that was trying to break through my jeans. I was so fucking turned on and as hard as I can ever remember. The cute shit-eating grin drove me insane, now I had to look at his incredible legs in white stockings. 

"Baby, I'm about ready to explode," I said to him between heavy breaths.

"You arrrrree?" Stefan purred. "Does my king need his prince to relieve him of some tension? Or does he need me to do something like this?"

Then Stefan began the hottest and most erotic lap dance I have ever received. I had actually received a few hot lap dances from women, both ones I had dated and at strip clubs. The last woman I dated was a fitness instructor who gave really nice lap dances. But Stefan blew her away. His combination of grinding, squirming, kissing, licking, and pushing on me at just the right spots and moments were amazing. 

After one long trace down my neck, torso, and legs Steaf was kneeling in front of me on the floor. He looked up at me with his mischievous eyes, put his hands on my thighs, and said: "Baby what am I going to do with you? You seem soooooo hard inside of those jeans. Maybe I need to help you relieve a little of that tension?" I groaned.

Then Stefan gripped my belt in his teeth and began to unbuckle it and pull it through my pants, all the while massaging my inner thighs and cock through my jeans. He threw the belt to the floor and then began to unbutton and unzip my jeans with his teeth. My cock surged as he loosened my jeans as I alternatively moaned and let out a series of loud exhales.

"Oh god...yes," I said as Stefan parted my jeans and reached to my waist to pull them down my legs to my ankles. He left my shoes and socks on me. "Babe this is torture. I want to feel you."

"You will," Stefan said, leaning over my right ear to whisper it while his tongue explored my ear. "You will my king."

Stefan kissed down my neck, through my polo shirt until he reached my waist. He then furiously started to kiss and gently bite through my shorts. I thought my cock was going to explode. My back arched towards him as his hands rubbed my thighs while his mouth kissed my cock through my boxer briefs.

"Mmmmmmmm," Stefan purred. "This is sooooo nice. I love your scent. I think about it all fucking day long. I can't wait to get home to it."

Stefan then gently began to pull my boxer briefs down with his teeth. When they went low enough to release my cock, he stopped for a moment to lick and kiss my shaft. I was groaning and moaning by then, in a state of ecstasy. His hands alternately rubbed my thighs and then up to my waist. He continued to pull down my boxer briefs with his teeth until they reached my jeans. I tried to kick off my shoes and pants but Stefan was situated between my legs in a way that gave me very little freedom to move my legs.

Then he kissed up my legs, rubbing them with his hands and fingers as he rose up my body. When he came to my rock hard cock, he traced his tongue over it while squeezing my thighs. Then furiously, as if it was an ice cream cone that was melting, he began to lick my cock. The massage by his tongue felt amazing. Stefan dropped down to my balls, taking them in my mouth, licking under them, down to my man hole, which caused me to lean up.

"Baby I am sooooooo gonna eat you out," Stefan smiled as he looked up at met. "I'm going to savor your hot hole and tongue fuck the hell out of you."

Stefan was between my legs, my legs draped over his shoulders while he began to rim me. He spread my hole with his fingers and circled it with his tongue several times before diving into my hole. Stefan's tongue was cute. It was pointy and long. It turned me on every time he stuck it out at me in a playful way because it made his face look cute and also because of what it felt like whenever he put it inside of me or on my cock. I moaned loudly as he tongue fucked me. Stefan massaged my balls while he ate me.

"Oh Stef, you are going to make me cum. Jesus this feels amazing," I said. I was getting lost in the ecstasy. Then I felt him return to my cock, working it harder than ever, drooling all over my love muscle in between. His hands pushed up my shirt, running his fingers through the hair on my stomach and chest.

He pulled his mouth away from my cock, it was dripping with his saliva and was rock hard. Then all of sudden Stefan came up to sit on my lap, our cocks pressing against each other as he took my face in his hands, looked into my eyes, and said very sweetly, "Rick I want to feel your cock inside of me without any lube, just our spit." Then he slid a couple fingers into my mouth and said, "Lube them baby."

After sucking on a couple of his right fingers for a minute or so, Stefan then put them behind him and started to finger himself. Then he reached for my cock, which was still moist. 

"Oh baby I can't wait to feel you in me," Stefan said as he guided my cock into his boy cunt, slowing sliding down on my meat. "Oh Rick, god this is wonderful. Oh god. Yes."

Then he leaned over my left shoulder and whispered: "Rick, find your rhythm with me. I want to become one as we make love. I love you so much." Then he took my face in his hands and kissed me deeply as we started to fuck. Stefan breathed, heaving through my mouth as we kissed and fucked. I could feel his ass press all the way down on me, which stimulated my cock incredibly.

Stefan pulled away from the kiss on my lips and began to kiss my neck. "Oh Rick this is amazing. I love the way your pubes feel when they brush up against me. You fill me up soooooo much baby."

I felt as though my hands were going to break free of the handcuffs because such an incredible sensation was welling up inside of me. It began in two places: my feet and in my chest. The sensation spread throughout my body, slowly but purposefully until it gathered momentum and met in my crotch. Then the sensation swelled to an unbelievably intense level. 

"Oh fuck Stef I'm gonna shoot," I moaned. "Stefffffff," my voice trailed off as I started to cum. The feeling was so intense that I tried to rip apart my handcuffs, which caused my back to arch, pushing me that much harder and deeper into him. Stef put his hands around my head, pulling me into him.

"Oh, my god Rick you are flooding inside of me," Stefan said into my left ear. "Oh my god Rick this feel amazing."

Stefan wasn't far from the truth. It felt like a fountain of cum was shooting from my cock inside of him. I couldn't have stopped cumming even if I had wanted. Then I felt Stefan cum against me. His cock was spewing all over my stomach and into my shirt.

"Oh fuck Rick. Oh fuck Rick. Oh fuck Rick. Oh fuck Rick." He just said it over and over as he shot his load onto me. Stefan hugged me against him and whispered: "Baby, this is soooooo intense. My thighs feel like they are vibrating."

Then he pulled back, took my face in his hands, and he kissed me so deeply. I hungrily kissed him, savoring his lips and tongue. "Rick, it feels like there is sooooo much cum in me right now. I feel sooooo full," Stefan said as he broke the kiss.

My cock was still pretty stiff and his ass felt like it was still clenching it. Stefan reached under the cushion to get the keys that unlocked the handcuffs. A red ring was around each wrist, which Stefan closely examined. "Oh baby I hope you aren't hurting," Stefan said, kissing both wrists.

"Dude I am fine," I said. "That was just amazing. God." I took his face in my hands this time and kissed him deeply again. "Where did you come up with this idea?"

"I like to read things on the Internet," he smiled as he let me kiss his neck, shoulders, and chest. I sucked his nipples. "I wanted to do something for you that would really blow your mind."

"Not to mention my cock," I said. 

I looked down at my right leg, where a pool of semen was running down my thigh and onto the leather couch and onto the hardwood floor. Stefan's cum was all over my shirt and stomach. Some of it was now on him after he kissed me so deeply. 

"God I wish I could have your babies," Stefan said, studying my face. "We would make some fucking pretty babies." 

I was so stunned by that statement.

"Stef that is such a hot thing to say." Then I just said it: "Would you ever consider moving in with me? We could both come out at the same time. I know it wouldn't be easy. But I could pretty much transfer anywhere with my job. I'll help support you while you're in me school."

Stefan cupped my face again. Then he kissed me deeply and intensely. He pulled away and spoke. 

"Baby I would love that. But it would never work. First of all my family would freak out and cut me off from everything. Then they'd try to kill you because they'd blame you for turning me into a flaming fag."

"So? It's not like I don't have money. I make really good money. But we are both flaming fags. No argument there." I squeezed his ass when I leaned in to kiss him again. I was starting to get hard again. Stefan looked down at my hardening cock. 

"Baby you are flaming and hard right now. Damn. Are you wanting to go again already?"

"In a few. How about living together?"

"Baby here's what would happened...my parents are both super connected. They know a lot of people and they would without a doubt make it hell for both of us any way they could. I don't think you know how outraged and embarrassed they'd be if it got out that they had a gay son who was fucking an older man...Believe me I have thought a lot about this. I have totally fantasized about running away with you...I have fantasized about getting a house together, a house with a hot tub both inside and outside so we could fuck in it all the time. I've thought about coming home to each other and having crazy sex all the time like we do now. I've also thought about traveling to fun and interesting places with you and going on tons of adventures. I would love to be in some far off place where I could introduce you to people as my husband. Although you will really always be my king and I will be your prince who loves to ride your throne."

"Then let's do that. All of it!"

"But my parents expect me to get through med school, meet a girl, and start a family. It's not a dream. It's a fucking expectation. They will buy us a huge house and set up everything for us. So I will wind up being one of those closeted gay men who is in a marriage. I'll have just enough sex with my wife to satisfy and when I have sex with her I will be thinking about you and how fucking gorgeous and hot you make me all of the time." Then he kissed me again. I knew then it was pointless to try to have a life with Stefan, much less try to extend our relationship beyond his senior year of college. 
