 I have the hornies really bad. It's Friday night, after a long and hard week at the office. I treated myself to a nice dinner, followed by a few beers at my favourite strip joint. Watching these hot ladies gyrating in the altogether makes me realize that I am horny. Really horny. Having been without a steady girlfriend for a while, I haven't got laid in over a month. That's tough on a healthy 30-year-old.

Evening or morning sessions with Rosie Palm and her five sisters have made the deprivation bearable. But tonight, I feel that just releasing the pressure by myself in't an option.

I need someone else's hand on my cock. Hand, then mouth, then pussy.

Trying my luck in a singles bar isn't an option: I need certainty. I don't want to have to face non-existing options at 2 in the morning. I have to have someone take my problem in hand. Soon.

Escorts aren't a solution either. Budget constraints don't allow me to blow $200 to get blown. An affordable rub-and-tug parlour could be an option, but they're raided regularly by the cops and I don't want my bosses to see my face splashed on the cover page of a tabloid next to an explicit caption. Call me publicity-shy if you will.

I decide to leave the strip joint to avoid compounding my sex repression problem with a hangover.

As I am walking towards home, trying to convince myself that whacking off would be a bearable alternative, I come upon a gay bath. "Stars Sauna" read the sign.

I pause. I have been accosted a few times before by gay men. I know I can be attractive to them, even though I consider myself the ultimate straight guy. Well, there had been a few episodes of mutual masturbation with the buddies when I was a teenager. But hey, back then, when glands were hyperactive, such behaviour was OK, right?

My glands are hyperactive tonight.

As I walk inside, I can feel the heat caused by the sexual tension. I read the sign announcing the rates, and manage to muster enough guts to go to the counter and ask "A room, please."

Fifteen bucks later, I have a key, a towel and a condom. I head to the room, hardly noticing any of the guys that I come across as I proceed to my cubicle.

Room 7D. I unlock the door and enter a dimly lit miniature room with a bed, a chair, a table and nothing else. I close the door and take a deep breath. Now's my chance to call the whole thing off, head home fifteen bucks poorer and jerk off.

I stay. I close the door, lock it and take another deep breath. (Let's just say I'll skip the deep breaths from now on. There are just too many.)

Slowly, almost like an automaton, I take my clothes off. Soon, I am naked as a jaybird. I wrap the towel around my hips and venture out of my protective cubicle. Again, I proceed without noticing anything around me. I'm still trying to adjust to the place. The sexual tension is so high that it can be felt.

I walk around the place, propelled by curiosity. A few of the doors are opened. A guy will be on the bed, slowly masturbating or merely waiting. I hear one guy reaching his orgasm, screaming with pleasure. In a corner, a trio of guys about my age are kissing while copping feels. I wanted a hot place: I got what I was looking for.

I come to the steam room. I enter it. Through the steam, I see a guy, all by himself, in a corner. He's a large fellow. His legs are open, displaying a massive cock and balls. He does not acknowledge my presence. I find a spot across from him, remove the towel from my hips, place it on the bench and sit. The steam and the darkness give a mystery atmosphere to the scene.

A couple of guys come in. In a strangely prude manner, they sit together without taking off their towels. A much older guy, surely in his 60s, also comes in, already naked. The place does heat up. Not only because of the steam.

Another guy comes in, in his early 40s. Quite tall and chubby, hairless body. He looks around a moment then sits next to me and opens up his towel. From the corner of my eye, I see that he examines me discretely. After about a minute, he leans forward and towards me, getting a better look at my cock. I'm getting excited but a bit uncomfortable. Could I be getting more than I bargained for?

I feel his hand delicately caressing my thigh. My cock reacts for me, as I feel it growing slightly. The reaction does not go unnoticed as he accentuates his caresses. I'm being picked up. But am I ready so soon?

The heat is getting to me. I get up, pick up my towel and walk out of the steam room. A shower will do me some good. He follows me to the shower.

There are already three guys showering. I spot an available spot and open the faucets. The water feels delicious. He takes the spot next to mine and starts showering. 

I have my back turned on him and I rub my chest. I then feel his soap-covered hands on my back. I turn around, hoping that this will stop him. I need time to realize what's happening and decide how to react. He does not see things that way. I feel his hand directly on my cock, expertly rubbing it. This is too much for me. I can't help but feel aroused by him. My cock, that was already quite engorged with blood, continues to grow slowly. One of the other men showering then turns around. Almost as though he feared getting caught — What? Here? — my companion releases my dick. The other man leaves the shower room. The hand resumes its stroking. I have to do something.

"You know, I'm really into girls," I tell him. "But tonight, you came to the boys," he replies. "Relax, I've been with straight boys before."

I was at a loss for replies. I was being picked up. And my developing erection confirmed that I was loving it.

Without saying a word, we turn off our showers, grab our towels and dry ourselves. "Follow me," I tell him. We walk to my room. I fumble with the key and open the door. We quickly walk inside. I close the door and lock it. As I turn around, I see that he has removed his towel. His erection is growing. He reaches for my nipples, gently tweaking them. My erection, which had wilted a bit as we were walking, promptly resumes. He then grabs my head and kisses me on the lips. I'm surprised, to say the least. But still excited. His face is very soft, impeccably shaved. I feel his tongue sneak between my lips. I close my eyes and abandon myself to his kiss. I then feel his hands removing my towel, which falls on the floor. His expert hands grab our hard penises and rub them together. I break our kiss to see this display of erotic dexterity.

It's time for me to do something. I slip my left hand under his balls while softly stroking his hard, cut 7-incher. I'm slightly more endowed than he is, and uncut. Despite my inexperience with a circumcised cock, I manage to please him, as his sighs reveal.

Gently, he leads me to the bed. He lies on his back with his head at the foot of the bed. I join him, laying my head on the pillow. We can then see and caress each other's cock and balls. I continue caressing his cock, moving my hand up and down as he does the same. The feeling is what I was looking for: someone else's hand to satisfy me.

"Gently," I say. "You don't want me to shoot my load too fast."

"Hmmm, it's nice to see that I can fulfill a hetero boy's lust," he replies. "Besides, for a straight guy, you're quite good at handling a penis."

"I do have one of my own, you know. And I practice caressing it almost every day!"

This playful conversation makes me feel more comfortable with the whole affair. After all, what's wrong with providing a fellow human being some pleasure?

His hand feels fantastic on my cock. The sensation is tremendous because I'm just so horny tonight. Because he knows how to rub a penis. Because the whole idea of being in a gay bath house is deliciously perverse.

He alternates between long strokes, sharp tugs and soft squeezes. He'll wrap his fingers around the very wet bulbous head. He'll playfully jiggle with my balls. I try to mimic his caresses.

I must not be that bad at imitating him since he's breathing more and more deeply. "That's it," he says. "Make me come. I need it."

I now rub his dick more quickly, in long strokes that reach from the base to the tip, twisting my hand around the head as I reach it.

"That's it!" he sighs as I feel his cock twitching in my hand. One, two, three, four massive milky blasts erupt from his cock, followed by two or three of decreasing strength. The rhythm of my caresses decreases as I feel his cock deflate slowly. I give it a gentle squeeze before releasing it.

"That was wonderful, straight boy. You're gifted, you know. I'm beginning to wonder whether you're only pretending to be straight." He's smiling, looking so satisfied.

"But now, it's your turn to come."

So mesmerized was I by the spectacle of his orgasm that I had forgotten about my own condition. I was still rock hard, but his hold on my cock had relaxed.

Noticing my condition and how he had neglected it, he resumes his expert caresses. This time, I don't try to make him slow down. I need to explode. His expertise in the art of milking a cock shows. In a very short while, I feel the magnificent tingle that announces an impending orgasm. He feels my condition. But then, quick as a cat, he engulfs my cock with his expert mouth. I'm slightly uncomfortable with a man sucking my cock for the first time ever. My hesitation lasts only a moment, however, as I feel my body exploding in an orgasm that must have been registered on the Richter scale. His expert lips are tightly closed around my dick as he rotates his tongue around the head of my shaft, now swollen to a record size. He swallows every drop of a huge load. I realize that my moaning will be heard by everyone who's around my cubicle, but I don't care: this is the kind of place where this is expected, after all.

Slowly, the stars in my eyes disappear and I regain my composure. He takes his mouth off my cock. He's smiling. So am I.

"Got what you bargained for, my straight friend?" he asks.

I can't reply otherwise than by hugging him. We recline together, enjoying the afterglow of our torrid session. 

I know I'll be back to Stars Sauna some day.