 There is something about an older guy ...

"Brian, have you ever been man fucked?" Ken asked out of the blue.

That came as a bit of a surprise. Okay I'd met Ken on a gay dating site, and was a trifle nervous about meeting my first contact, who was among several who offered to make a date. I chose Ken because I liked the look of him and I guess he reminded me of my late father. Perhaps I unconsciously wanted the company of a father figure because Ken was fifty and I was just 24.

He must have realised I was nervous when I told him he was my first date but when he smiled I felt comfortable with him, 

"You've got to' start somewhere" he said, "and I am glad you chose me. So what's the answer to my question, are you a virgin or not?"

I said I was. I felt a surge of warmth in my groin... Here was a guy I could openly be with. A guy who made me feel good and wanting. He looked younger than his fifty years, he had greyish hair and looked very posh and spoke it too... He told me he was a company director. He certainly looked the part in his posh pin striped suit.

"Well where are we doing it then, want to' come to my place?" there was no beating around the bush with Ken. "I have nice comfy pad with all the facilities. I shall treat you to a meal of course. You sure you are a virgin and this is your first time? I cannot believe I am that lucky." 

I repeated I was. He asked why I had not dated before. I replied that it was a big decision for me; I wanted to meet a guy with the same leanings as me and thought the dating site was the ideal place to do that...

"Well let's say I am glad you did" said Ken said with a glint in his eyes - "else I wouldn't have been on a promise tonight."

I felt nervous but excited at the same time. I was the promise he was on about and I had never been that before!

He prompted me to join him in his posh jaguar and I was impressed. Even his body scent was alluring.

Whoever said one has to be chemically attracted to another if any relationship was going to be a hit? It was working for me.

When I got comfortable in the passenger seat, and after fixing my safety belt he stroked my left thigh and told me I was what he had been looking for, and, again, I felt comfortable. There was something about him; I don't know what it was but when he continued stroking my thigh I felt I belonged.

"What made you realise you were gay Brian?" He asked as we sped along the motorway, like he was eager to get me back to his place.

"Feelings I guess" I replied. "Just feelings."

He glanced around at me and, quite out of the blue, asked if I would like to touch him up.

I was nervous still though until he guided my hand to him there and I felt my first touch of someone else's cock through his pinstripes,

"There that's not so bad is it, Brian? You needn't be shy with me, just let it flow is the best thing. I bet you've never sucked cock before either have you?"

I hadn't but I felt like I soon would be as he pulled himself through his fresh unzipped trousers sand asked what I thought.

I could see there was no holding back with this guy...I glanced down shyly and saw him handling his cock, massaging it to make it grow and I felt myself becoming aroused. He said perhaps I would like to take over as he was driving. He showed me how he wanted me to feel him. In my hand it felt warm and pungent as I squeezed. I took it slow at first, taking in the new experience. It grew even more until I had to press it back to do what he asked - to lick the underside of his length until I reached his plum. Then he asked if I would put it into my mouth and suck it.

I looked into his eyes. They were different now. It was the look of lust most probably. With his cock still lodged firmly in my hand I took in a whiff of his scent, which became more apparent when I massaged it, stretching the foreskin back and forward. I was wondering if I could bring myself to put it into my mouth. I toyed with the idea but Ken was getting impatient. I was beginning to think this is a guy not to be messed with. He had this certain masterful way about him which I liked.

I closed my eyes and, leaning down, I went for it, stretching it tight back. Then it was in my mouth and I massaged it with my tongue. My mouth was full of him; his cock was large and wide so it was no mean task. I was thinking that now I was there, I had made it and doing something I always wanted. To suck cock. To see what it was like. Ken nudged forward to give me a better prospect and he began to moan when I started to deep suck. It felt lovely and soothing. It tasted like sea salt and I began to enjoy the sensation very much.

Now I had made the first move. Feeling it in my mouth throbbing and alert, I wondered how it would feel up my ass. That was the whole point of our meeting. Online he often described how he would love to fuck me, and what positions he preferred - and I guess I became accustomed to the idea that, yes., it would be good to let go of all my inhibitions, and go for this guy who seemed to have a wonderful way with words.

I was lost in the sensation of sucking cock.

"Wow, you love it, don't you Brian? - I can see you and I are going to have lots of fun when I get that ass back home."

He pulled up and said we were there. He zipped himself up and pushed his still stiff cock inside his pants. It had been in my mouth for so long I felt it was still there. But the taste remained. I could even smell it on my hand. I was in my element and knew I was ready for anything Ken had planned...

His so called 'pad' was like a mansion to me who lived in a small apartment bachelor block. The lounge was out of this world and the sofa was expensively leather bound with loads of cushions.

"Make yourself at home Brian whilst I get some nosh, are you into Chinese?"

"Yes but minus the chop sticks" I grinned. "I could never get on with them."

"I can teach you, Brian -and with you being a virgin you have a lot to learn, And for me that spells fun!"

I chilled on the large settee and smelt the Chinese cooking. Now my taste buds were alive and all sorts of things were going through my mind after what he had said about my having a lot to learn. I liked Ken, I really did. Perched on that settee I felt well to do and wanted... I knew this guy was going to fuck me to the hilt because that was a promise, so it was all a new adventure and who better to explore with than Ken, he was lovely.

"Look, you look good in tight jeans, Ken complimented, " but whilst dining with me, I'd like you to wear these."

He held a pair of tight blue and black boxer shorts in his hand and prompted me to change. I 

Went into the bathroom and noticed he was watching me through a gap in the door. I changed and pulled on the tight boxers and felt good in them. I wiggled knowing he was looking.

Of course he was there by the door waiting. I saw a bulge in his pants. Would he have the patience to eat first? I wondered. He sat next to me clutching a tray and handed me a plate of sweet and sour.

"That is how I want to have you, sweet and sour" he said with a glint in his eye. Although I didn't know what he meant. I guess seeing the question in my mind he continued; "I will show you later."

He soon scoffed cup his meal and shared a bottle of red wine with me which was rather potent. I guess he knew what he was doing getting me in a responsive mood. But looking at his swelling I was that already. I wanted his fuck. It was going to be a new experience, something that would really bring me out into the real world...

Having enjoyed the wine Ken complimented me on looking so good in tight boxers and said I was a real tease with an ass to die for. Putting the utensil on a tray he put them aside and closed to me. His hand went down to my cock and I felt immediately spirited as he slipped down my boxers and put my offering into his mouth. Having never been sucked be for the feeling was out of this world and I felt it growing as he drew it deeper into his mouth, his fingers finding my ass underneath. Then he teased and cupped my balls still sucking my cock ardently.

Not much was said for the next hour or more. It was all action and I soon got the hang of what he wanted to do. It was lovely to feel him exploring me, slapping my ass and fingering me with plenty of lubricant for easy insertion. When he asked me to suck him again it was easier this time. I loved the feel of his cock inside my mouth and aimed to give it of my best.

After a little sucking I tasted a small blob of his cum on his p-hole and sucked it in. I taste the sea, salty and fresh and knew then I would not have a problem with him cumming in my mouth.

It was so soothing and divine to manipulate and hear his response as I cupped and gently squeezed his heavy balls simultaneously .He responded and we both changed to a sixty nine position to really enjoy the oral delights of each other. He whispered my ass was phenomenal and as I enjoyed sucking him, experimenting slipping it into my throat, I felt the thrill of being thoroughly sucked and licked into my asshole and everything, it was a lovely sensation and made me feel once again wanted for the first time with another guy, which was very important to me.'

I squeezed his cock repeatedly which he adored asking me to lick his p-hole and the ridge around the head, He gave me a few more spanks between sucking my ass and I felt the sensatio0n of slight pain with pleasure. It was so wonderful and I simply wanted to be all ass for him.

"Do you know something Brian?, you are awesome, the way you suck me is so divine, I shall want plenty of that. I'll show you how to tie my cock off so that you can enjoy for a while longer until you are ready for it to spunk."

It was all so wonderfully exhilarating when he came up with a red ribbon and showed me what to, his cock really primed and standing up to reach his navel.

"It's simple, just tie this tightly n a bow around the base of my shaft and watch my cock change to blue. Then you can suck for all you are worth and it is all the more stimulating when you are ready to swallow, just release the bow and he will come as strong as you like."

We tried it. I must have sucked his cock for a full fifteen minutes or more, I can't remember because I was in my own world. My mouthful was full of lovely hard throbbing ripe cock teasing my throat, learning how to breathe between thrusts. I adored his scent and taste which was a real turn on. I teased his balls as I sucked relentlessly and he was making all sorts of appreciative sounds.

I felt so wonderful and wanted. Now I was with a guy who really led the way and I wanted that. I wanted him to master me and take me at will, whichever way he wanted it. And then I wanted his fuck more than ever, feeling his large cock pumping my mouth I was imagining just how good it will feel stuffed into my ass.

My mouth was numb with working him, my tongue and throat dry.

"Take a swig of cola Brian and then release the ribbon, and you will really know just how my cock performs."

He sucked me again and balled me too. It felt like heaven. I loved this guy so much.

Releasing the ribbon I expected he would cum into my throat and I was ready for that. But he yelled that he wanted my ass, that I had spurred him up so much he was ready for it.

He prompted me to bend over the arm of his lush settee and I was feeling like a lamb for slaughter, but it was nice and I wanted to be all ass for him. I shuffled myself so I could give Ken the best position to fuck me. He placed a couple of cushions beneath to raise it higher.

I glanced behind and saw him holding his huge cock upwards, rubbing it around my ass cheeks like there was no tomorrow. I heard his breathing become more strong and loud as he poked his cock into my ass. Working it around my passage and gradually sliding it into me.

I held my breath and gritted my teeth, feeling the stretching in my ass as he started to thrust wildly. It hurt like hell at first. His hands roughly grasped my thighs working my ass to his needs, slapping me each time he thrust and I was yelling.

He was yelling too, about fucking me to the core. Pushing it into me again and again; as eventually the pain changed to a sort of wonderfully soothing numbness which was nice. I began to realize at last had been initiated. That first fuck over Ken said for me to rest awhile but soon he has me sucking off his residue. I closed my eyes and thought, this is it. He took me to bed and plied me in all sort s of wonderful, positions until; come the morning I was well fucked. Ken brought me breakfast in bed to show how he appreciated me and then asked if I would live with him on a permanent basis.

I was so happy. Of course I agreed and I knew from then on there was going to be an awful lot of fucking going on. We were made for each other, our needs and everything.

Ken was my life from then on...