 (This is an actual sequel to the fictional story off a 'Hot Summer Night' which is another story I posted a few weeks ago. Like 'Hot Summer Night' it's totally based on fiction. My friend and I in these stories actually have had several sexual experiences with each other when we were young but was only limited to what we call in today's vernacular 'Bro Jobs'. Truth is, we have not seen each other since we were in our late 20's and we're both now in our early 40's. For the gay and bi- curious community I thought I would do what I could to tweak your imaginations).

*

It's been a good ten years since we've seen each other. We were childhood best friends and must have somehow lost touch for whatever reason. I was quite surprised when I ran into him at a gas station 30 miles away from where I live. We exchanged phone numbers and planned on a night when the two of us can hang out and catch up. 

About a week later he called me out of the clear blue and was wondering what I had planned for the weekend. The timing probably couldn't have been better since my girlfriend was going out of town to visit her mother down south and his wife was away on business for two weeks. I told him that we could start at my place, have a couple drinks and then head out on the town that Friday night.

Friday came and he actually called me earlier that morning and we planned a get together for around a 4pm earlier start. I suppose both of us were kind of bored with our ladies not being around and everything. Besides we had a lot of catching up to do. We were childhood best friends and as life went on we just sort of fell out and away from each other.

When Friday came he showed up on time with a case of beer. It was hot outside. It was the dog days of Summer but my living room in my third floor apartment was sufficiently enough cooled by my brand new air conditioner I put in. 

We sat down on the couch and cracked open a cold one and had a few others close by for backup. The rest of the beer went into the fridge and I pulled out some whiskey to do some celebratory shots. Some things never changed between the two of us. We know how to drink. Putting down the equivalent of a six pack and about 5 shots of Whiskey in a matter of an hour, we were feeling pretty damn good. Laughing and joking about the things we got ourselves into when we were younger and all the stupid choices we made with the women in our lives prior to now. 

I then began to show him my smart TV and a special program I had where I can get any movie or TV program I wanted at no cost with an internet connection. He was pretty fascinated by this and then he began to inquire about porn channels.

"Mike, does this thing have porn on it?" he asked me as I sat there flipping through the features.

"Anything I want Tom. It's all here" I told him.

"Put on some porn dude, the ladies are gone so nobody has to know" he told me.

"Sure why not?" I said back.

I put on a flick where it was a 'MILF fucks her stepson' theme and things suddenly grew quiet.

As we sat back watching and putting down another cold one I couldn't help but notice the bulge in his shorts as I was trying to not make it obvious that I too had a tall stiffy going on. This kind of thing in no way should make us feel uncomfortable or weird around each other, when we were in our late teens we 'Experimented' sexually with each other for a short period of time.

"Dude, I'm hard as a rock" he told me looking over at my bulge.

"How can you not be!" I said back to him.

"Hey, remember when we were younger? Well I hope you don't feel uncomfortable with it but I think I'm going to take off my shorts and stroke it a bit" He said cutting right to the chase.

"How can I forget, yeah go ahead it don't bother me, I think I'll join you" I said back as I lowered my shorts to reveal my thick sweaty hard on.

The two of us were now naked from the waist down and touching ourselves. We gently stroked our shafts with one finger, sliding up and down as we continued to watch this hot MILF plow this lucky younger guy.

As we sat there next to each other stroking our cocks he looked over at me and I could almost predict what he was going to say before he even said it.

"Mike, want to jerk each other off? I do you, you do me?" he asked.

"Um, sure I guess, why not?" I replied as I watched his hand creep slowly towards my cock.

It's been probably at least 20 years since we've fooled around with each other. Always doing it just for the sake of doing it and not because the two of us ever had any sort of romantic thing between us. 

His sweaty hand moved slowly up and down my cock with a twisting type motion. I reached over and began to stroke his. His sweaty cock felt very different. The only other cock I've ever touched in my entire life was his. It seemed a bit thicker since the last time I touched it and about an inch longer.

"Damn Mike, you cock got really big! Your girl must be happy" he said to me as he continued to jerk me off.

"Yours too man! I guess a lot can happen over the course of 20 years" I said.

We continued to stroke each other as we continued to watch the porn flick. We both started letting out soft moans and grunts. Was this going to lead to more of what we did years ago? I mean he's been married for a while now and I've been with my girl for quite some time. Are we willing to revisit the past in full?

"Hey dude, want to take it to your bedroom? I think we should finish each other off in other ways if you know what I mean, our cocks are getting pretty dry just sitting here touching each other". He said to me.

"Uh, sure" I said with a bit of hesitation in my voice.

"Don't worry, nobody has to know, it's not some gay thing, you of all people should know, it's not like we've never done this kind of thing with each other" he said to assure me. "If anything, let's do it for old times sake, I mean c'mon we're both horny as fuck'. 

I didn't argue with him and thought that one last time between us would be no big deal.

We then walked to my bedroom and laid side by side on my queen bed. He reached over to me then moved to kneel between my legs. I let him stroke my cock for a short while before I watched him take it entirely in his mouth.

"Oh man! Wow I can't believe we're doing this again, after all these years" I said to him as I saw him smile at me while he worked my shaft with his tongue. He was getting my cock very wet with his spit. It was feeling really good. 

"Wow, you haven't cum yet" he said to me remembering when I would explode almost immediately when he used to suck me off when we were younger.

"I've had a little bit of practice" I said jokingly back to him. Unlike last time, I let him work it hard. Really hard. There were times I felt like I was going to explode in his mouth but I've learned such good control I was able to hold back.

About 5 minutes of blowing me he stopped. My cock was wet and succulent. His was sweaty and throbbing. He then took the shaft of his cock and placed it on top of mine and began to thrust back and forth. We were cock fucking each other! The feeling was pretty intense. 

I then sat up and had him lay on his back so I could position myself between his spread legs. I then wasted no time and engulfed his 7 inch throbbing thick, sweaty cock. It felt weird putting his cock in my mouth after all these years, especially since I originally thought that we would never do this kind of thing again. I felt it throb inside my mouth. A few times I thought he was going to explode but he managed to hold on.

I continued to suck him as I allowed my left hand slide up and down his rock hard cock, I made extra sure to apply more of my saliva to make sure he was going to get a really good blow job. I sucked and stroked him over and over again.

"Oh man! I think...I think...yes I'm going to cum" He shouted as I was now bobbing my head up and down really fast.

I then felt his cock throb really hard suddenly and let him bust his nut in my mouth. I really am not big on taking in another man's goo in my mouth but I didn't want a mess to be made. I made sure I swallowed every bit and sapped up the spillage l left over on the outside. I didn't stop sucking and he began to moan uncontrollably as I continued working his cock until he couldn't take it anymore. I knew that the feeling is ten times more intense if the cock continues to be stimulated after ejaculating.

"Oh shit!" he said as he laid there breathing really heavy holding his cock. "I so needed that dude, my girl hasn't done that to me in ages, she don't like sucking cock" he told me with a smile on his face.

"Damn that sucks! My woman tells me she loves sucking cock, to the point where it gets her really wet!" I said.

"Well, I think that performance deserves a reward..It's time I finish you off" he said to me as he climbed back to between my legs and he began to work my cock again with his mouth.

"Dude, got any lube?" he asked me.

"Yeah, there's some in the night stand, my woman keeps a tube in there" I told him. He reached over to the night stand and grabbed the lube and a condom.

"Dude, what's the condom for?" I asked him. In the past we never fucked each other in the ass. I never would allow it. I thought it was too gay.

"I want to try something...just go with it" he told me.

I know I probably should have said something because I am just not comfortable with what I knew he was about to do but for some reason I said nothing to him and let him get his way with me.

He lubed up my cock and balls really good before sticking his finger in my asshole to make sure that it was good,wet and slimy. He then put on the condom he found and coated that with more lube. I suppose I should consider myself lucky that he was considerate enough to make sure that when he slid it in it would go in easy.

He then lifted up my legs and I felt all 7 inches penetrate my asshole. It felt very awkward for a second or two. But there was so much lubrication, his thrusting went smoothly. 

"Dude, I don't care if you're wearing a condom, don't bust one in my ass" I said to him nervously.

"Ok" he said to me.

After fucking me missionary style he then rolled me over on my hands and knees and did me from behind. In a weird sort of way, but in a different way, his cock penetrating me felt good. He was always adding more lube to the mix as this went on making sure it was a good slide.

"Turn on your side" he ordered.

I then turned on my side and he began to fuck me sideways. All the while he was stroking my cock at the same time. Then, suddenly out of nowhere I felt like I was going to explode due to the fact he was jacking me so fast.

"Dude I'm going to blow my load" I said to him in a staggering voice.

"Get on your knees" he said.

I then got on my knees and he opened his mouth. He allowed me to bust my nut all over his face and in his mouth. He wiped the cum off his face with his fingers and sucked it all off one finger at a time.

The two of us just laid there on our backs breathless. 

"Wow I can't believe we just did that" he said to me. "How did it feel? Did it feel weird?" he asked.

"Sort of" I said to him. "It was a very unusual sensation but it felt ok" I explained.

"Do you fuck your woman in the ass?" He asked.

"She loves anal dude, I quite honestly never understood how anyone can like it" I said.

"Did you like it?" He asked back.

"It was alright, a very different sensation" I told him.

"Would you do it again?" he continued to probe me.

"Dude, I'm not in the habit of letting guys fuck me in the ass, I guess I'd only trust you but no one else" I said to him.

Looking at the time I was a bit startled that it was getting late. The two of us were planning on heading out on the town for the night to do some bar hopping. We decided that we would take a shower together to speed up time for we had an Uber coming in about an hour. Stuff we did all the time when we were kids. 

In the shower our cocks accidentally hit each other as they got stiff again. Going with it, we lathered and washed each other's cocks. Then something came over me.

I turned him around and told him to lean his hands up against the wall. I lathered him up really good with as much soap as I could. I made sure his entire ass, asshole and crotch was foamy. Then out of plain curiosity I slowly slid my cock in his asshole. He let out a loud moan.

"Holy shit!" he said stammering. "That feels good! Fuck that asshole!" he said as I moved my thrusts faster and faster. 

I was also jerking him off as I continued my thrusts. About to bust my nut inside him, I pulled out and began stroking myself. He turned around stroking himself. The soap was now entirely off our bodies.

"Put it in my mouth!" he said as he got down on his knees. Right as I was about to explode he took my cock in his mouth for the last time and I shot my load to the back of his throat. He swallowed every bit of it.

He then stood up and I got on my knees and began jerking him off as he busted his nut all over my face. We both were moaning softly. By this time we were both rinsed off of all soap from the shower. 

Getting out of the shower we dried ourselves off, got dressed and headed out the door to wait for our Uber. 

He spent the entire weekend at my place. We hit the bars and drank a lot. It felt like we were in our 20's again. We watched all kind of porn on my TV and got each other off a few more times that weekend but we didn't fuck each others ass again. We both made it very clear that we were sworn to secrecy about our sexual experiences we had with each other. We took things further than ever before. It was our last time. I guess things never really do change.