 Jonny walked down the street on a spring evening, he had been asked to a party by someone that he would never really hang about with in college. Jonny was 18 and so was the guy that invited him, only Jonny was a few months other than Darren.

He walked up to the front door of an average looking house, he knocked the door and Darren opened with a cigarette in his mouth, "Come in," he said and so Jonny followed him in. there was only another two people there, Jonny recognized as Alan, an English student who had moved over here and he was very big and beefy, and Craig, and Jonny had had a crush on all three of them, dreaming that they would all fuck him.

Darren explained that more people would be coming soon. Then Darren got up and asked if Jonny would like a tour of the house, Jonny nodded a yes and he followed Darren up the stairs. He showed Jonny the bathroom, bedrooms and when he came to his own bedroom, he opened the door and walked in and sat on the bed, here he told Jonny to sit beside him, Jonny did, and soon Darren was asking Jonny to kneel on the floor and suck his cock, and since Jonny had envisioned his mouth sliding up and down Darren's shaft for so long, he obliged and kneeled in front of him.

Darren unzipped his trousers and brought them down to his ankles and did the same with his boxers. There lay a semi-hard cock on his thigh, about 6" now. So Jonny came in closer and grab his cock gently with his hand and started to jerk him off. He jerked him off until Darren stopped him and asked him to suck his cock. Jonny let go of the cock that was now about 7", and standing upright. Jonny licked the tip of the head and then engulfed Darren's cock until he started to gag, at this Darren laughed and said, "Yeah you like my cock don't you, you little slut, suck it all" and this made Jonny want this cock down his throat even more, so he kept sucking it, further and further each time until Darren grabbed his head and forced his cock down Jonny, at this he choked, gasping for air until Darren let go and let Jonny come up for air.

After a while of sucking Darren's cock, he stopped and told Jonny to undress and lie on his stomach, so he did that, he undressed and lay on the bed, and he could hear Darren jerking his cock harder, until he felt a finger go straight into him, making Jonny cry out in ultimate pain, then Darren started to finger fuck him, then took out the finger and done the same with two fingers until Jonny was moaning in anticipation and pleasure.

Finally the two fingers exited Jonny's ass, and was replaced by a thick cock, widening him even more, making him scream once again, "You like my cock up you ass don't you, you dirty little whore?" and with that Jonny moaned a "Yes I love your deep cock up my tight ass." And then he felt Darren fuck him harder, and deeper until he could hear his balls slapping off his ass and then after a while of rock-solid fucking Darren started to moan louder, fucking Jonny with short hard thrusts until Jonny felt his cock tighten and explode inside him, he came so much, that he could feel the cum drip out of his ass and trickle down his own balls.

Then Darren pulled out and gave his cock back to Jonny to where he sucked out the rest of his cum, then Darren told Jonny to stay there for a minute and walked out of the room, completely naked and downstairs, were he heard voices talking, then Jonny rolled over and started to fuck his loose asshole until he heard multiple footsteps running up the stairs. First entered was Alan and he looked at Jonny with a grin on his face. Next entered Darren again, his cock starting to grow, and lastly entered Craig. Alan undressed and started to jerk his soft cock, that was already about 7" and when he was hard it stood at about 9 and a half inches, and his shaft was very thick. 

Then he walked over to Jonny, still masturbating, and gave Jonny the cock, here Jonny started to jerk it off himself, he could hardly get his full hand around it, but he tried until Alan grabbed his head with one massive hand and thrusted it onto his cock, Jonny's mouth was stretched so wide that it hurt, and he tried to suck it, but it was too thick, Alan, noticing this, Grabbed Jonny's head and started to face fuck him, hard until Jonny could feel his pubic hairs at his nose, this continued until he heard Alan's cries and then Alan withdrew and tossed off so hard until streams and streams of cock hit his face. Jonny's face was absolutely covered in cum; it was dripping so much that Darren came over to him and licked his face.

Then Alan turned Jonny over and started to insert one beefy finger up Jonny's hole, then two, and soon he had all four in his ass, fucking him hard with it. Then he took out his fingers and spat on his cock and jerked it off once more, then he eased his cock into Jonny, making Jonny moan again in pain.

Darren then shouted "Just stuff the cocksucker he likes it ruff, don't ya faggot?" then Jonny nodded and Alan pushed his whole cock in making Jonny squeal, and making Craig, Darren and Alan laugh at the sight of him screaming in pain. Alan then started to fuck his hole furiously for about 30 minutes straight until Jonny heard his girlish moans as he felt his cock tighten, and before he came, he pulled out and started jerking off while bringing the cock round to Jonny's mouth, and then he face fucked Jonny until he came all down his throat.

He then slowly took his dick out of Jonny's mouth and rubbed it all over his face. Then Craig started to undress, and revealed his smooth 7.5" cock and instead of making Jonny suck it first, he walked behind him and licked his hand and started to widen him with his fingers. After that he started to wrench his dick until it was even harder, then he eased it in to Jonny's moaning pleasure. He then started to get fucked rapidly by Craig while Alan sucked off Darren. Although, within 10 minutes Craig was spurting his load on Jonny's back, then rubbing it in, and after that, Alan got up from sucking Darren off and went, again, behind Jonny, while Darren got up and stuffed his dick down Jonny's throat. Then Alan started to pump Jonny's ass, harder than before, making Jonny deep throat Darren with every thrust because they were so powerful.

Then Jonny caught a look at Craig who was sitting on a chair watching them while jerkin his semi-hard dick off. He then stood up and walked to Jonny's mouth; Darren pulled out and was replaced by Craig's member. Then he felt Alan exit his ass, and then Alan lay on his back beside Jonny, Darren then told Jonny to sit on Alan's dick, so that their stomach's would meet if they lay on top of each other. Jonny did this, then once Alan started fucking him again he felt a tongue on his ass hole, then a finger entered along with Alan's cock. This started to stretch Jonny even more, but then he felt another cock enter his hole too, this made Jonny scream out in decisive pain, he looked around to see that Darren was on top of him, fucking him also, so Jonny found himself to be double penetrated, which really hurt in his opinion. But eventually it started to ease, and once Jonny started moaning in pleasure, asking to be fucked hard, Craig shoved his cock back in Jonny's mouth; he started to suck him when he felt Darren's hand on his head, also pushing him down on the cock.

After about 30 minutes, he again started to feel Darren give him short hard thrusts while moaning wildly and soon he could feel cum squirting up his stretched canal. Then Darren quickly pulled out, and it was replaced by four of Alan's fingers, and this didn't even compare to having two cocks up his ass, but then Craig pulled out of his mouth and crawled around to his ass, and Alan's fingers were replaced by Craig's thick cock.

But Jonny didn't have time to feel pain because he was now sucking on Darren's cum drenched cock. He was then violently face-fucked by Darren's hardening cock, he then had to stop sucking, because he was almost getting paralyzed by Alan's hard and long thrusts, which meant that he was going to be blasting his cum as well, but then just before he came, he took out his cock and jerked it off, making his cum hit Jonny's stomach and then drip onto Alan's abdomen.

Jonny continued sucking Darren again while Darren started to deep throat Alan effortlessly. Then now that Craig had ample room in Jonny's widely stretched hole, he started fucking even more violently, but Jonny's ass was so numb by the excessive fucking that he didn't really feel it, the same could be said with his mouth, the cock just slid in and out of his mouth and ass. 

Soon everyone was cumming, and it was really only Craig and Alan's moans that could be heard, because Jonny and Darren's moans were muffled by the amount of cock in their mouth. After they had all came, everyone lay on the bed panting and jerking each other off a final time while Darren said, "So ya little fag, did you like all that cock up you tonite? You little slut," and Jonny replied, "Yeah, it felt so damn good." So Darren suggested that they'll all have to fuck him again, only next time they're going to try in the school grounds...