 I don't hear the honking until my shoes are tied. The honks are rapid and impatient, I wanted to smack him upside the head for being so rude. Mom is in the kitchen cleaning up the remains of breakfast. I grabbed my backpack and I kissed her cheek. 

"Are you going to be here after school?" I said. 

"No," she said. "Will that be okay?"

"Yes," I said not wanting her to interfere with my plans. 

I raced out the door and I saw Tyler's truck. He looked bored and angry. For once I didn't care about making him mad. He wasn't even on my radar, today only Shane was. I climbed in and he started the truck with a loud roar, we shot out of the driveway and into the streets.

The weather was so nice I rolled my window all the way down. Tyler was quiet which was a shocker to say the least. I decided to break the silence because even though we weren't as close as we use to be, didn't mean I didn't care about him. I just wish he wasn't so mean all the time. 

"Wat's up?" I said. 

He shrugged than frowned. "I was rejected from UC," 

My eyes widened with shock. "Fuck dude,"

I felt sorry for Tyler, University of Cincinnati was his top choice. And I knew he was still hurting from when all those other schools he applied to rejected him also. Usually he was so upbeat and full of jokes, seeing him so dark and brooding wasn't a huge surprise but it was rare. 

"There's other schools," I said reassuringly.

"Yeah whatever," he scoffed.

We pulled up to school and I knew despite the excitement I felt for Shane and I, Tyler wasn't going to be okay. And I just knew that he needed me, more than ever. My stomach was fluttering with thoughts of Shane than unease at deserting Tyler.

"Come on," he said.

In the hallway everyone is loud and chatting, I spot Heather walking toward me and I wince. Shit I didn't call or text her. I totally forgot about her, I even remember pressing ignore when she called me yesterday. Her long blond hair is straight today with a clip holding her bangs.

She looked hurt and pissed. I avoided her glaze when she took my hand. 

"Can we talk?" She asked.

I nod and we walked away until we found a corner. I don't have a excuse so I decided to be somewhat honest with her.

"Why didn't you answer my calls?" She said.

"Because I didn't want to," I said.

"What why?" She said confused.

"Heather your my girlfriend and I care about you so much but I don't love you," I said. 

"Where is this coming from," she said tears gathering in her eyes.

I'm about to response until I noticed Tyler and his friends laughing and taunting... Shane. I see red, I walked past her and I watched my friends.

"Hey faggot," Tyler said. "Whatcha reading?"

Shane was carrying a paperback under his armpit when they surrounded him. 

"Fuck off," Shane snapped.

Tyler pushed Shane against the lockers. His book fell and Keith picked it up. His grin was crooked and downright evil. 

"Leave him alone," I said.

"Dude we're just joking," Larry said seeming hesitant and worried.

"I don't care, that's assault," I said snagging the book from Keith.

Tyler gave me a weird look, he wasn't going to back down not like the others.

"Are you a faggot lover or something?" He said.

"Tyler stop being a dick and act like a decent person for once," I said.

All the guys started grinning and hyping the drama. I knew this would possibly ruin our friendship but I wouldn't condone bullying, not anymore. Too long I let Tyler hurt others but today I wasn't going to be a bystander. 

"What the hell man," Tyler said. "You gone and turned soft on me?"

"Tyler leave him alone," I said pushing him away from Shane. Heather walked over, tears fully running down her cheeks. 

"Asher," Tyler said. "Don't fuck with me man." he warned.

"Let's go," I said to Shane.

Without a word Shane followed me down the hall. 

My heart was racing and I couldn't think straight. I was nervous and excited. Shane and I decided to skip school, we snuck out and drove to my house. I doubled checked the rooms and I was sure that mom was indeed absent. 

I slowly undressed so captivated by Shane. He was only wearing briefs, his chest was hairless and smooth. I lightly touched his nipples which were hard like pebbles. He rubbed my cock though my boxers and I moaned in appreciation. He pushed me down on the bed, and he kissed my stomach. My eyes closed when I felt him unearth my cock. 

His hand worked my rigid cock and then he devoured my cock whole. His tongue was warm and moist as he deep throated me. I started to whimper when he deeply sucked. I couldn't handle the slow assault. He must have noticed I was going to cum because he stopped. 

We kissed and I tasted myself on his tongue. He crawled on top of me and he positioned my cock under his opening, and then he sat on my cock. I cried out as he moved up and down on my lap. We found a rhythm and we pounded into each other. His small hands were on my chest. I groaned and I held his slim waist, his back arched. 

Suddenly my vision blurred and I was coming so hard, Shane eyes are closed and his small cock spurted white cum on my chest and chin. I unloaded into him and the release was sweet and heavenly. I'm so high and sedated that I didn't even hear my bedroom door close and somebody hurryingly leaving my house.