 "What the hell happened to you?"

That was the first thing Norman had said to his daughter's ex-boyfriend as soon as he opened the door and found the young man standing on the porch. He almost questioned whether or not he even saw the right person. It had been at least two days since Norman's daughter had broken up with eighteen-year-old Isaac. And since then, the forty-two-year-old father didn't know anything about Isaac's new appearance. And on this warm Saturday afternoon, he finally saw everything.

The young man had completely changed in terms of appearance. He used to have the look of a nerd, since his expert knowledge of math and history made him more of an outcast in the twelfth grade. But now, it appeared that he gave himself a complete makeover. His long blond hair looked as if it belonged on a young pop star. His black tank top and blue jeans replaced his usual shirt and tie. And luckily, his short and slender figure didn't change at all. His overall appearance gave off a slight feminine appeal that only Norman may have detected in the midst of such a radical shift.

Norman had to ask, "Is this some sort of dare?"

Isaac gave an innocent little laugh. "I guess you're wondering why I'm looking this way."

"I'm not complaining. I'm just curious as to why you look like this."

Isaac smiled as he brushed away a few strands of blond hair from his face. "I've decided to stop worrying about how I want to look. I felt worried that I'd lose a few friends, but so far, I've only lost my girlfriend."

"So that's why she broke up with you?"

"Yeah, I'm sorry. She couldn't stand the way I look now. She said that she didn't like guys who tried to be more feminine. No offense, Norman, but it's HER loss and not mine."

Norman couldn't look away from the new and seemingly improved Isaac. "And this is how you wanted to look all along?"

Isaac didn't stop smiling. "I'm not ashamed. I feel great. I never felt this free for a long time. I've always wanted to be this way."

Norman still couldn't believe who he stood in front of. Isaac had never looked so girly. The nerd he used to know now had the freedom to be himself. But for some odd reason, Norman felt at little transfixed at Isaac's makeover. He never expected the young man to look even more handsome than before.

"So what brings you here?"

Isaac handed him a Blu-ray case. "I forgot to give this movie back to your daughter. I was borrowing it for a little while."

"Thanks. I'll give this back to her as soon as I see her. It's just too bad that it didn't work out for the two of you."

Isaac shrugged his shoulders. "Well, I don't feel too bad. At least I don't have to worry about what other people think of me anymore."

Norman wanted to say goodbye, but he failed to do so. He didn't know what else to say. He could only stare at the newly reformed Isaac. A strange sensation overwhelmed his mental state. It became an odd feeling. He didn't want Isaac to leave. He wanted to see more of him. Norman couldn't help it, but the younger man looked absolutely astonishing.

Isaac raised an eyebrow. "Are you being hypnotized or what?"

Norman asked, "Why don't you come in for a moment?"

Isaac didn't turn away. "I'd love to."

Once he stepped inside the house, Norman leaned over for a few seconds to smell his visitor. Isaac's new aroma made Norman shiver for a moment. Everything about his daughter's ex-boyfriend made him vulnerable to this new magnetic pull. He knew the feeling. It came alive whenever he saw a beautiful woman. But this time, the feeling was for a man in the twelfth grade.

He led Isaac into the living room. Once he placed the Blu-ray case on the coffee table, he asked if Isaac wanted anything to drink. When the answer was no, Norman sat next to him on the couch.

He asked, "How long have you looked like this?"

Isaac replied, "For three days, and so far, your daughter is the only one who complained about it."

Norman shook his head. "It's too bad, though. You look really good."

"Thank you."

Isaac's smile made Norman experience a side effect from today's eyesight. He tried to repress the feeling, but it continued to grow to the point of almost losing its control. He couldn't stop looking at this fine creation. And then, he realized he felt a bulge forming in his pants.

"Could you excuse me? I'll be upstairs for a few seconds."

Isaac sat comfortably on the couch. "I'll still be here. Don't worry."

Norman left the living room and walked up the stairs. Despite his mental attempts, he failed to make the bulge in his pants disappear. He entered his bedroom and took a seat on his bed. He rubbed his palms together as he took a deep breath. He never expected to feel this way, especially towards someone that his daughter used to hang out with. He had known so much about Isaac. As a matter of fact, they had so much in common. Both men had been born in Southern California, and both currently resided in the city of Fullerton. They were diehard fans of the Los Angeles Clippers and the Anaheim Ducks. They enjoyed music made by Beethoven and Dvorak. They had read all of Tolstoy's books. And they would never dare to miss an episode of Rick & Morty. It was like they were made for each other. That is, if Isaac had been a woman. Norman now wished that Isaac belonged to the opposite sex. This way, it wouldn't be as strange.

Sighing, Norman stood up from his bed. But then, he stopped as soon as he spotted Isaac standing at the open doorway. It didn't startle him. The sudden presence made him want to touch Isaac. Hold him and never let go. Or better yet, hold him and bring him to bed.

Isaac remarked, "I think I know what's happening."

"Oh, you do?"

Isaac stepped closer, his charming little smile forcing Norman to stay on his unintended path. "I guess it's inevitable. I knew you'd want me."

Norman remained composed, even if his brain needed a little more time to process the rationality of the situation. "How can you tell?"

Isaac now stood just a few inches in front of him. "You can't stop looking at me. That's such an easy way to tell."

"Well, there's just one problem. I don't know if I should feel this way."

Isaac suddenly gave him a long hug. "Don't be afraid."

His soothing embrace made Norman wrap his own arms around the young man. Now, he officially viewed Isaac as a delicate figure targeted by a newfound appetite from within. Their embrace marked the beginning of a new relationship that had nothing to do with a platonic approach.

Isaac whispered, "You're not seeing anyone, are you?"

"I haven't been seeing anyone since my wife and I separated four years ago."

"Then you must be one lucky guy."

Norman let go of him. "Are you sure?"

"Yes, I am. Just look at me and say that you want me."

With one good look at the young man, Norman experienced a much clearer craving. Isaac's feminine appearance gave his mind a sharper focus. But a little hint of doubt still managed to stay behind.

Norman had to be sure of himself. "But I was never fond of screwing around with the same sex."

Isaac chuckled. "Neither did I...that is, until you came along. I think I know how to help you with this."

Isaac stepped back and started to take off his tank top. Norman didn't say anything. He just watched as Isaac showed off his ambitious flirtation by undressing himself. Despite not perfecting his movements like a stripper, Norman couldn't find a good reason to complain about it. He enjoyed the sightseeing. And as soon as Isaac took off everything and hurled them to the side, he showed off his short and slender figure with no fear. His behavior matched that of an individual who couldn't wait to be taken by a more dominant figure in his life. Isaac's transition from a nerd to a twink became much more obvious at this point.

"Do you like what you see here?"

Norman couldn't look away from the nude man. What Isaac had become may not have made much sense, but Norman didn't care anymore.

"It's a good thing that you're a blond. I always loved blonds."

Isaac's smile grew larger. "Now I KNOW that you're one lucky guy."

Norman didn't hesitate as he took off his own clothes. He didn't hurry as he was never the type to give off a frantic vibe with his actions. As soon as he tossed his clothes into the corner, he no longer felt mortified for the erection that he kept underneath his pants.

Isaac giggled like a young woman teasing around with her playmate. "Your cock is so huge. You and I are gonna have such a fun time."

He turned around and showed Norman his ass, which couldn't have been more stunning. And furthermore, it quenched Norman's thirst for a same-sex collaboration. He stepped forward and grabbed Isaac by the shoulders. He gave him a kiss on the neck. Isaac moaned with his feminine tone of voice. Norman started to smell the smooth blond hair. Everything about Isaac made Norman draw closer to today's new objective.

Without a moment to lose, Norman held him tight as he shoved his cock deep inside the hole that was hungry for attention. Isaac gasped and trembled in Norman's embrace. A hot spot had already been detected from within. Norman didn't rush it as he continuously thrust his cock in a slow and steady manner.

Isaac moaned louder. "Oh, it's so...so fuckin' good."

That gave Norman the motivation to speed it up a little. The acceleration led to Isaac grabbing hold of Norman's arms. The sensation inside his little passage must have been a delightful experience. Isaac's moaning, ever so light and ladylike, became a type of melodic splendor in Norman's ears. He knew he would be on the right track. He thrust his cock deep inside his new bedroom companion. It was a familiar feeling, seeing as how he used to do this with his ex-wife. But it was also a different feeling, seeing as how he now did it with another man.

Isaac squeezed his eyes shut. "This is one hell of a cock!"

A loud smacking noise arose when Norman's hips collided with Isaac's ass. The older man kissed Isaac's neck once more.

Isaac gasped. "Oh, I hope I'm good enough for you."

Norman whispered, "I'm loving it so far."

He continued to thrust his cock inside Isaac's ass. With a man so young and so delicate, Norman would have resisted any negative attitudes toward their growing relationship. Isaac's girly wailing made him continue his performance. He enjoyed hearing the smacking sound from his hips and Isaac's buttocks. He enjoyed the feel of another man, despite his femininity, in his embrace. He enjoyed Isaac's new personality, as well as the sounds he made when being used by his ex-girlfriend's father.

He grabbed Isaac and brought him down on the bed. Isaac lay flat on his stomach and didn't move as Norman now lay on top of him. His thrusts grew fast and stronger.

Isaac cried out, "Oh, it burns! And I fucking love it!"

Norman didn't stop. He didn't want to stop. He attacked Isaac's glorious ass with his continuous strive for satisfaction. He could feel a drop of sweat sliding down his forehead. His swift tempo made Isaac gasp and moan at a higher volume.

"Oh, it feels good when you're fucking me real hard!"

Norman remembered when his daughter used to be friends with Isaac before he officially became her boyfriend. She did say that she admired his intelligence. But now, Norman knew that she didn't like young men who chose to be more girly in terms of appearance and personality. Her decision to break up with him had become one of her smartest ones. Now, Norman had the opportunity to accept Isaac for who he truly was. He was a handsome blond twink who attracted the most unlikely person imaginable.

Isaac grabbed hold of the sheets and tightened his grip. "Your dick is so amazing!"

Norman mustered up all of his strength to please both himself and his companion. Isaac's tight little ass experienced a little expansion thanks to the long hard cock that penetrated it. Moisture in the master bedroom soared to new heights owing to today's high humidity. Norman lost track of the time, but that didn't matter. He wished that he would dominate Isaac's ass all day long. He also wished that he could see Isaac's face, which would definitely give off a look of pain and pleasure. Luckily, his gasping and moaning became a treat for the ears.

Norman could feel the end approaching as soon as he felt the strong sensation from within, giving the signal to release his slimy projectiles.

When it finally happened, Norman's final thrust was the strongest.

Isaac screamed. "Oh, fuck! Yes!"

Norman collapsed on Isaac's back. Both of them were exhausted after a long performance in bed.

Isaac had to take quick breaths owing to the amazing feeling in his receiving end.

"Oh, Norman...it felt so good."

Norman finally pulled out his cock from Isaac's hole. "You're a good sport, I can tell."

They got out of bed. Norman could do nothing but gaze at the young man whose personal transformation led to Norman's own.

"Oh, Isaac. Let me look at you once more. Spin around for me."

Isaac showed off his naked body by slowly spinning around one-hundred-and-eighty degrees. Seeing his own cum on Isaac's ass made the beautiful spectacle even more engrossing.

"You know what? I'm gonna love having you around."

Isaac chuckled. "And I do hope we get to stay this way."

"But it's gonna be a little strange when my daughter finds out about us."

"Why should that matter? She and I are no longer together. I'm sure she'll understand what's happening between us."

Isaac stepped forward and gave him a kiss. Norman realized that this would be the first kiss between him and the young man. And for once, the sheer ecstasy he had experienced made him fully understand the change in their relationship.

Norman locked him in his embrace. Isaac let out a slow and slightly feminine sigh as he rested his head on Norman's shoulder. As they stood naked together, they shared their ultimate moment in silence. Norman was grateful for finally finding someone he would most likely spend the rest of his life with. And best of all, it turned out to be someone of the same sex. Someone who knew how to please a man even if he never had done it before. Norman was happy about it. His family and friends would certainly question his choice that would change his life. But that wouldn't stop him from having an eighteen-year-old girly man staying at his home. Life had changed today, and he saw it as a good thing.