 Several years went by and Rick was now wealthy beyond his dreams. Ellen his wife, his ex-wives sister, was keeping him happier than he would have ever imagined. Theirs was as true. a love as any could be. He had even softened on his ex-wife enough to put her up in a house. She paid the bills she accrued but he put her in a house make sure she had a roof. Never the less the bitterness she harbored for Rick remained. A resentment fueled by the fact that Rick was now married to her sister and in the time she was gone, had become wealthy...extremely wealthy. 

What she did not know, nor would Rick ever divulge the fact, that it was her leaving that led to his meeting the man who had made him rich, James a very wealthy club owner who had seduced Rick while they worked out in the gym one night. Had it not been for a group of college students crashing into the locker room...it was very possible that Rick might have consummated his carnal relationship with James that first night. As it happened it would be another week before Rick and James got together at his home on the coast...on a bed in a secluded and wooded cove overlooking the Pacific. 

Their lives had been loving and passionate. James had fallen hopelessly for Rick left him everything when his past came calling. Ellen, having been there for Rick kept him focused and happy. Yet, there was something that she could never satisfy, his need to feel James buried to the hilt and his cum shooting deep into him...just as long as it had been James. It hadn't been love at least not for Rick...but it was a close second and had their relationship continued...it was likely Rick might have fallen for James in time. Only time was now lost to them. James was gone...or so Rick believed. 

Ricks wealth came from quarterly disbursements from James estate trust to which he was sole ere. The trust itself was massive but Rick was not allowed to know how massive. It was enough to pay him upwards of 20 million pounds Sterling every three months. Of course Rick did not spend it stupidly and had amassed a nice sum in his bank over the years. Still there was an emptiness he felt whenever he stood on the deck of James now boarded up home in the mountain. It had been his annual pilgrimage on the anniversary of their first date but now he found himself driving to his place every few weeks. 

One night in a storm Rick decided out of the blue to drive the 50 miles to James house. The storm got worse and worse as he approached the coast so that when he pulled into the parking lot the wind was blowing near hurricane force. The club was still closed with no signs of activity and the parking lot seemed to have been neglected to where bushes were now sprouting up through the cracks in the concrete. It was the scene that mimicked his heart...broken and in need of repair. 

Getting his bottle of champagne Rick exited his car and started down the trail that would take him to James old house and the deck where they had first made love. Only he found the trail was now cleaned up and sported a new set of stairs complete with hand rail. In the two weeks he'd been gone since his last visit someone had done a lot of work. Down the steps he went expecting to find the house in the mountain abandoned and shabby. Only when it came into view the deck was lit, the water was once again flowing...and to his astonishment the platform where James had taken him was once again home to a bed...it appeared to be the same bed. 

Ricks heart leapt into his throat as he began to realize he was trespassing. Someone had bought the house and had renovated it, but it was eerily similar to when James had lived there. However, instead of turning around and leaving something drew Rick forward. Upon reaching the tub he realized the stone where he had first sucked James cock and swallowed his cum was there. In fact everything was nearly identical to that first night and the many nights he had spent here with James, except there was no James. It hit him then...he missed James...badly. 

Staring out into the setting sun he let the bottle of champagne fall to his side as a tear fell. "Where are you James?" he whispered. 

Just as he was about to leave an arm wrapped around his waist...and one around his chest holding him tight. "I'm right here" said the soft familiar voice of James who then took the bottle of champagne from Rick and led him to the sliding glass door and inside his home out of the rain. James was wearing a robe and nothing else Rick was speechless as he took in what he believed was a hallucination. "James?" he choked and threw his arms around him. 

"Where were you? The last I heard was you were supposed to be dead. It broke my heart to think I'd never see you again. I hope you can tell me what happened, but you have to fuck me first...please...I want your cock...so badly...please...James." Reaching for Ricks wrist...James dragged him to the bathroom where Rick was cleansed, shaved clean and showered. 

There was no romance, no gentle caress just animal lust and long suppressed need. James dried Rick off out of the shower, only because there just was no room in the shower for what he wanted and threw him onto the bed...face down. Lubrication was applied with a long applicator deep...and then the residue was layered onto his ass. Rick grasped the rungs of the head board where he had so often been tied as James crawled over the top of him...spread his cheeks...and finally...after far too long...he felt James warm, blood engorged cock...pressing against him. 

"James...please...let me feel you again...please." He said as once again James head pressed into him, centimeter by centimeter James slowly pressed into him not wanting to hurt Rick after so long apart. But Rick was impatient to feel him again and arched his back to line up his hole for James and pushed back against him so that the head popped into him. Not once did Rick feel pain...none was to be found as he felt the thick warmth of James cock slowly driving into him "Ohh God...James, it has been too long...too long. Fuck me" he whispered.

James full of emotion and passion couldn't speak...as his cock burrowed deeper and deeper until Rick pushed himself back...and took his entire length in one savage, lustful thrust. James then fell onto Ricks back and wrapped his arms around his body and let out a sob of passion as he nuzzled the back of his neck desperately driving himself deeper and deeper..until finally he felt Ricks flesh touching his pubic bone. Even then he drove himself deeper as Rick pressed back apparently wanting more of him there as well. It was clear they could not get enough. 

Once it was clear that he was as deep as he could possibly get he hugged Rick close whispering "I'm home" and kissed Ricks neck and ears as Rick reached behind him and pulled James head to his neck and pulled him closer.

"James...don't be gentle...I need you to fuck me as hard as you can..I need to feel you pounding into me hard and...I need you to fill me with your cum...please...drown me in it" he said. 

But James was still feeling overwhelming joy at having his love in his arms just hugged him closer and said "I will...Oh I will...just let me savor this...for a moment...It has been too long for me...God I missed you"

They lay connected for a few minutes until they could no longer wait. Both needed to express their lust in such a way that only a savage, vicious fuck could satisfy. Rick sensing James need...as well as his own...grasped the rungs again and let James take over. Turning to James their eyes met and locked for a moment before Rick said in lust choked voice "Fuck me like you mean it baby...I want it hard...Please." With that they both got up onto their knees but James yanked Rick back away from the head board and stood on the floor with leaving Ricks knees on the edge of the bed. 

His hands took hold of Ricks hips...as he ground his pubic bone hard against his ass forcing an additional inch or two deeper causing Rick to moan in passionate bliss "Yesss..yes...baby...take me...take me fuck me like you need to...Please" he moaned. 

With that James pulled out all of his cock leaving the head just inside the ring...paused...and in one savage, lustful thrust plunged his entire length into Ricks ass. "YES!!" Rick cried as James pubic bone came to rest against his cheeks. Again he pulled out...and drove his cock deep this time causing the skin of his pubic bone to smack Ricks cheeks...again Rick howled "YES...Again...Again" James pulled out quick...and drove in quick and increased his pace until Rick was howling in bliss with each thrust as the early afternoon storm howled outside. 

James bedroom was filled with Puk, puk, puk and Rick crying out "Yes...Yes...James...yes...oh I have missed this...ohhhh I have missed this". Ricks legs were now dangling in mid-air as James slammed his cock hard and fast into Rick. After ten minutes he had to lay down on the bed on top of Rick...and continued a slow fucking motion. He was so close to cumming only it had been so long since he'd been with Rick...anyone...in over three years...his orgasm was 'corked up' for lack of a better word. But as they lay next to each other...Rick assisted in the motion until James felt his orgasm approaching...finally...only he could tell it was going to be brutal. 

What he felt was that every ounce of his being was being balled up...and was now pressing against the base of his cock...trying to get out...if he had to guess what it felt like...it would have been like a soft ball sized wad trying to get out...so he once again got onto his feet...pulled Rick to him and started pounding like there was no tomorrow. The pressure kept building but it wouldn't come...until Rick finally pushed back and said "Fuck my ass James...give me your cum...please...I love you so much" That was it...Rick loved him...and his pace increased...until he felt the white hot light of bliss explode in his brain as a jolt of both pain and pleasure exploded from his cock...filling Rick with impossible amounts of cum...one jolt and another...and another until he could not stand anymore. 

Falling on the bed his cock still rock hard... still shooting cum into Rick...the violence of his last orgasm...jolted Ricks insides sufficiently to cause his own orgasm to erupt...making him cum no less than twice...while James orgasm pumped him full. James finally blacked out...as his cock exploded one last time as he cried "Rick...I love you...God!!" 

Rick did not move but did his best to keep James inside him. He was afraid that he would spill a load of cum all over the sheets if they separated. Strangely James cock though he was unconscious did not lose any of its rigidity. It was like he was made of granite. James came to and hugged Rick closer and whispered "Thank you. Give me a bit of time and I'll have at it again...I hope you are up for that" he said smiling. 

Rick smiled and pushed back against him "You know I am" he said. James finally pulled out of Rick. However what cum Rick was afraid of spilling out...didn't. He had shot it so far up that it wouldn't come out. After cleaning up Rick and James headed to the hot tub in spite of the rain and got reacquainted. 

James took this time to explain what had happened. A former business associate who happened to be in the Russian mob had disappeared years before. The Russian government was looking for him and anyone associated with him. Luckily James had been a silent partner in whatever dealings they'd had. He'd simply invested in the business and received a huge payout every few months. Being savvy to the fact that perhaps his business partners weren't all that ethical he kept his money in numbered accounts so that they could never find out who he was. However, his Russian mob friend had ways of knowing things and came to him threatening to 'out' him to their business partners unless he paid him 30 percent of what he had in the bank. He also threatened to kill anyone he was seeing privately, meaning Rick. 

James killed the Russian for threatening Rick but found that he was now wanted by the Mob for it. So he had to go into hiding. He faked his own death so that they would stop chasing him. Only now James could no longer live under his own name. He was still James but his last name had changed and he had moved his money to different accounts. One of which was now paying Rick every three months and would for the rest of his life. It was a trust fund under James original name as a life insurance policy that would ensure Rick was taken care of. 

He had relocated and bought his old house back from a real estate firm that had acquired his abandoned property. The story of where he went in the years he was gone took up the better part of an hour in which time Rick had started stroking his cock to life as James talked about the dangers of being sought after by the Russian Mob. 

When he was hard again Rick put his mouth on James and began sucking his cock. Long slow strokes of his mouth on his long lost lover helped him to get reacquainted with sucking cock. It was his hope to deep throat him again..soon..that day in fact. All Rick knew for sure was that he wanted to feel James cock shooting cum down his throat like he had so often before. However, it was too cold for James to sit on the edge of the hot tub and it was too cold for Rick to use the Rock because most of his body would be exposed to the rain, which was now coming down in torrents. So they both ran inside closed the door and in the living room...Rick simply dropped to his knees still dripping wet and pulled James cock to his lips...and swallowed as much of him as possible. 

James moaned his approval as he grasped Ricks head and began assisting him with the rhythm by rocking his pelvis forward. It wasn't long before Rick was in his rhythm and deep throating James cock as he had only a few years before. It wasn't' as smooth as it once had been...but that would come with time. James grabbed Ricks head and began pumping his cock back and forth fucking Rick's mouth and throat. Though he had already cum quite hard his orgasm was quick in coming and soon was filling Rick's throat with his cum. As before James remained hard...and amazingly driven to fuck Rick's ass again. Only this time he bent Rick over the back of the couch as the wind and rain pelted the glass. 

Rick was still lubed from their most recent but James added even more to his own hard cock...and then without any preamble, delay or hesitation buried his cock deep into Rick who moaned appreciatively as he was impaled again. This time however, James took his time and fucked Rick slowly. 

Looking down he saw the man he loved lying face down and willingly accepting his cock. His hands took hold of the hips before him...and plunged his hardened appendage deep into Rick's ass which caused their skin to 'clap' together. This caused Rick to moan in absolute pleasure as he had always...from day one enjoyed a good fucking...he had been willing to let him take him any way he wanted...and have given him so much pleasure and joy...just letting him do what he wanted. Pulling out he watched as his cock slid from the silky sheath of his lovers hole leaving just the head inside the ring and then slowly sliding himself back...deep...loving the smooth skin of Rick's ass take him again. James let out an involuntary moan of pleasure as his pubic bone pressed hard against Rick's cheeks. Rick moaned out "Yes...let me hear how you love fucking me." 

Once again he pulled out so that only the head remained and this time plunged his cock savagely into Rick smacking their hips together as they both moaned in bliss. This continued slowly for a long time as the rain poured down outside. Inside the sound of a long lubed cock driving into a tight ass filled the air along with the moans of each man...neither wanting their bliss to end. But eventually the urge to cum had overtaken James...who was now pounding his cock into Rick like a piston increasing his pace until all that could be heard was the sound of their skin slapping together...and Rick screaming "Yes...fuck me...fuck me...God...fill me with our cum!!" and with one savage thrust...James buried his cock into Rick as his insides balled up into a ball the size of a grapefruit and exploded in a flash of light...and came. 

Spasm after spasm jolted his body as what seemed like gallons of cum drained from his balls and into Rick...so deep that nothing would ever leak out. One last spasm came out of nowhere as he gripped his fingers into Ricks skin...and drove his cock one last time so deep that he was certain it would come out Ricks mouth...and released one last impossible load of cum into Ricks beautiful ass...before blacking out and collapsing on Ricks back. 

Waking minutes later he felt his cock pulsing inside Rick as they both lay on the top of the couch. Rick had cum as well but his screams had been lost in his own passionate release. Barely able to stand he pulled out of Rick and was amazed at how hard he was still...and still wanting. Rick's cock was still hard...and leaking cum all over his couch...he too had cum quite hard...apparently by the fact that his cum was puddled on the floor beneath them. James picked up Rick and carried his unconscious body to the bedroom and lay him down then covered him up with the sheets and blanket. He went to clean up the living room...locked the doors and then crawled into bed next to Rick who had come to...just long enough to snuggle against James. 

The storm raged outside as another storm raged inside. Rick would leave the next morning content, spent...and content that James was back.