 It was time to pack my things and leave the dorm room that I called home for my freshman year at Hobart, having done very well in the classroom and more surprisingly having survived sharing the cramped quarters with a roommate who was the exact opposite of me in many ways.

It had been a shaky start for us, with him always suspecting that I was gay from the start, and that was something he made clear he was definitely not. He was correct in that assessment of me but I never did anything around the dorm other than study and sleep, so by the end of the year we were getting along well.

As we parted ways Eddie asked me if I had any plans for the summer and to my surprise said if I was anywhere near Buffalo I should give him a call, but I thanked him and told him I was going to be busy all summer at a job I had held last year.

"Construction?" Eddie said with a raised eyebrow, something I understood because at 5'9" and maybe 125 pounds soaking wet I didn't fit the stereotype, but it was true none the less.

"It's mostly just regulating traffic at road sites, that and fetching and hauling stuff for the regular crew," I explained, and after I told him the job paid almost 3 times what summer jobs at fast food and grocery stores paid he said I was lucky and wished me well.

 ****

During the ride home I reflected on the job I was going back to, and mostly about that last day at work which pretty much changed my life.

I had gotten my "construction job" through a friend of my mother's, and while I don't think many of the actual grunt and groan guys that did the paving and actual butt-busting work cared much for me, it didn't bother me all that much. Besides the foreman seemed to like me a lot. I guess he put up with me because I did what he told me to, showed up on time and sober, and gave him no lip.

To the job foreman Royce Johnson, I was "the kid", while I suspect most of the others saw me as "the fag with the flag", as one guy referred to me. Nevertheless, I took the job seriously because if I screwed up one of them could get run over by a motorist or worse, so I took their occasional abuse and the frequent cursing of drivers wanting me to let them through with a smile.

As for Royce Johnson, he was more than just a hard-ass boss with a short fuse. Nobody called him Royce, instead using his nickname Red, which along with some silver was the color of his thinning scalp along with the fur that peeked up out of the neck hole of his shirt.

I guess that Mr. Johnson was in his early forties but had a body on him that guys half his age would die for. Red's shoulders were massive and his biceps looked like they were as big around as my thighs. As for his neck, I doubted whether he could buy a button down shirt off the shelf of any store, not that he seemed the type to wear one.

Red had a deep crimson tan, and that was something I developed during the last summer, only mine was confined to my elbows down to my fingers, my knees and below, and my face and neck. Red's tan covered his entire upper torso because he often went without a shirt or maybe just a vest, something my frail frame was not ready to do. 

Those days when the boss was shirtless were tough for me, trying to concentrate while a crimson version of the Incredible Hulk was working all around the site. Most of the guys had somewhat impressive physiques, and even one of the two women on the crew had bigger biceps than I did, but Red was in a world of his own.

Last year after I got over my initial fear of Red, I began to develop a crush of sorts on him, even though that type of man had never really appealed to me before with me gravitating towards the intellectual types. That wasn't what Red was for sure, although he was very intelligent regarding his job. He was a caveman of sorts, but no dummy.

I guess the thing that saved me was that Red would usually be in the middle of the work zone, sparing me a lot of the close contact that became more and more of a challenge to my attention regarding my own work. Watching those muscles ripple on the guy's broad back was intoxicating enough to me, and when he was facing me it was even worse.

The other flagman on the crew was a girl, and she would work on the opposite end of the site, which is where the port-a-potty was located. That meant I had to time my leaks so I didn't have to run down to the other end and take one of the workers off their duties, but another option was to duck behind a truck parked near my end. I had to be real careful if I did that because if a car whizzed up that I was supposed to be stopping, that would be trouble.

The other men on the crew towards my end had no such problem and would go back there out of sight of motorists, but not out of my view. I made a point not to look so they wouldn't have a real reason to think I was queer but I made an exception when Red went back there once.

I didn't get a good look but it was good enough for me to see that what I expected to see was there, and that Mr. Thompson didn't get cheated there any more than he did with the rest of his 6'2" 220 pound frame. The man was flawless.

As the end of summer came and my nine week employment was to end, I was sad to think I wouldn't be out there anymore with the guys, or should I say Red. Rain or wind or blazing sun, I stood out there stopping and motioning cars on without complaint, because to have to tell Red I was tired or light-headed wouldn't do. I wanted to please him so much.

Of course in my fantasy world when I was showering or laying in bed, I thought about pleasing him in another way. That was harmless fun for me because it was so ridiculous that it wasn't like I was heading for a broken heart. A broken nose would have been more likely had Red ever suspected I had feelings for him, and that's what one fired crew man got after he called Red a faggot early in the summer. One punch sent him over the guardrail, down the embankment and then onto the unemployment line.

The last Friday of my employment came and my imminent departure was hardly noticed as quitting time came around. I took my flags and things and brought them to the trailer as the other guys got in their cars and left, but Red met me and walked up the steps with me, slapping me on the back as he often did.

"Gonna miss you around here kid," Red told me with a wink, and after he ushered me into the trailer he closed and latched the door behind us before going to a mini fridge in the corner of the room and pulled out a couple of Buds.

"Join me?" he asked as he offered me one, and even though it wasn't my brand I accepted it eagerly.

Mine went down in sips while Red needed two swallows, and after crushing the can he watched me nervously trying not to look at him. He had his shirt off and I could feel the heat from his body even though he was about 4 feet away.

The aroma was strong too, a heady mixture of testosterone and sweat that did not offend but actually aroused me as I tried to finish my beer so I could get out of that trailer.

"Want another?" Red asked.

"No thanks," I said after I finished. "I want to thank you for everything. The job and all, it was great."

"You did good son," Red said as he took the can from me and stood before me. "I'd like to give you something to remember me by. Something I got a feeling you'd like."

"Sure," was my reply, wondering if I was going to get a bonus which would help with books at school, but Red offered nothing but just stood there, reaching up to the ceiling and holding on to a pipe.

"I don't understand," I said as Red stood there posing a couple feet in front of me, those muscles in his shoulders and arms bulging and gleaming with perspiration.

"Don't you son?" he asked. "The way you've been staring at my chest and guns every chance you got all summer?"

"You knew?" I croaked and he chuckled at that response.

"If any of the other knuckleheads caught on I would feel different, but let's just say I was flattered," he told me. "I know we could both use a shower but..."

"No," I managed to say as I finally figured out that he was offering himself to me, if I was man enough to take him up on the offer.

"Go ahead," Red whispered as my hands went up towards his breastbone very tentatively, and when I reached his upper chest the skin was hot and the fur was moist.

"You have such an incredible body," I tried to say, but my throat was seizing up when I tried to speak so I just let my hands go down to his man boobs which were rock hard to the touch, and as his plump nipples got hard I leaned down.

I heard Red sigh as I sucked on his nipples, the salty skin making my mouth burn as I went from teat to teat, squeezing the one that wasn't in my mouth. My sucking soon turned to nibbling gently, something that it sounded like my boss liked as much as I did.

While I slobbered on Red's man boobs, my eyes glanced straight ahead at the muscled cavern of his underarm where the thick tuft of reddish brown hair that filled his armpit beckoned for attention, and the heat that poured out of the musky cavern was as arousing as the testosterone funk that filled my nostrils.

I kissed my way over, and when I buried my face in the steamy jungle I heard Red's gasp of surprise. I thought the hand that came down off the pipe above us was in my scalp to pull me away at first, but instead he gently pushed my face into the pungent pocket as the tart aroma for whatever reason drove me wild.

"Good boy," Red sighed as he roughly moved my face around, chuckling while adding, "Now get your shorts off you kinky little fucker."

My face was moved back to Red's man boob while I yanked down my shorts and briefs, and my boss gave a non-committal snort when he saw my boner bobbing in front of me, its very ordinary length neither impressing or disgusting Red.

The reason for that was obvious. This was not so much for my benefit as it was for Red's pleasure. He was giving me the opportunity to enjoy what my boss had correctly deduced that I wanted - his manly body - and what was going to happen was what Red wanted.

That was made clear when his meaty paws went onto my shoulders and pushed me down somewhat gently, not that I offered any resistance as my trembling hands undid his belt and lowered his shorts down his lightly furred and heavily muscled legs before pulling down his boxers.

There is was, as up-close and personal as it gets. Red's cock. What I had only seen once from a distance was even more impressive inches from my face. From the brownish red bush, the ridiculously thick base of the flaccid organ looked like a tree trunk and the entire length of the uncut dick was a maze of veins. Almost too much of a good thing, I thought when I reached up and grabbed what was a gelatinous tube easily 6" soft and brought it to my lips, trying like hell not to scrape my teeth on this jawbreaker.

I must have done a good job because Red started to get hard, his hands running through my scalp as he helped guide my head up and down his manhood, and it was almost a relief when I figured out that Red was not a grower, but still when he got erect I was sucking on what had to be 8" of pulsating cock.

Up and down my lips went, coating about half of Red's tool with my saliva, and I was almost ready for him to spray my throat with his seed when he took his dick from me and lifted it upright.

"Lick my nuts son," was what Red said, and when I looked at the bulbous balls in their hairy pouch I was glad he didn't want me to suck on them because they were the size of jumbo eggs.

I eagerly lapped at his balls while he rested his cock on the top of my head, and while the scent and taste of his nuts was very pungent - enough to make my eyes water a bit - the aroma was also strangely arousing to me.

When Red had enough he let me suck on his cock again some more, and I noticed that he was rummaging around on the back of the drafting table we were next to. After Red found what he was looking for, a chill raced up and down my spine when I saw the tube he had in his hand, proof that I wouldn't be swallowing Red's cum.

"Up," Red grunted as he lifted me to my feet, and he quickly pulled my t-shirt up and over my head before spinning me around and laying me onto the slanted table where the blueprints had been, the wood cool on my chest as I braced for the inevitable.

I wasn't a virgin as far as what Red wanted, but I was as close as one could be with only one experience in anal sex, and that guy was nothing like Red. Gripping the back of the table I let him put my feet on this little stool to raise me up, and after he spread my legs I felt a thick finger slide into my anus.

"Damn, you're tight," Red muttered from behind me while skewering my ass with his digit, spinning and probing deep. "You a virgin boy?"

"Almost," I grunted.

Red thought that was amusing enough for him to shortly push a second finger a little bit into me as well, causing me to cry out in shock and discomfort.

"Don't fight it son. You know you want it," Red grunted as he leaned over me, his hairy chest rubbing against my smooth back. "Open up that boy pussy for me."

I didn't have the slightest idea how one did that, and the idea that I even had a boy pussy was new to me but the more Red wiggled his fingers into me the less it hurt although the way my hands dug into the top of the table you would never know it.

Somewhere along the way the blinding pain changed to a dull ache and then to a sick satisfaction that I was about to have that gigantic cock that I could barely get my mouth around inserted into a very tiny orifice, and when those fingers pulled out of me I knew the time had come.

This trailer we were in was hot when we first got in there but now it was like a sauna and the sweat that poured down my face burned my eyes as I felt Red move up behind me while I tried to stay balanced on the little stool.

"Here you go," Red said in a less gruff voice as I felt the greasy knob of his manhood poking into my anus, and then I screamed as what felt like a baseball bat was being slowly pushed into me.

"Omigod," I cried as my fingers clawed at the desk as if I was trying to climb out the window behind it, and the way Red was pushing up into me was lifting my feet off the stool as he penetrated me.

In retrospect Red was likely trying to be gentle at first, but every time I thought that he had fully impaled me his cock went deeper and deeper while he leaned over me, reaching around to pinch my nipples while grunting, "Take it all son."

Then just when I thought I could take no more Red eased himself back out of me nearly all the way before sliding back in. How something could hurt so much yet feel so good eluded me, but as my boss began to move harder and faster my dick was stiff as it was crushed between the table and my stomach.

The steaming heat was making me light-headed as Red got into a steady rhythm with my feet now off the stool and in the air as my burly boss treated my scrawny body like a rag doll, our dripping skin slapping loudly as he humped me faster and harder.

"You like it hard, don't you son?" Red was growling into my ear while he pushed a hand down from my nipple under my body, and when his fist found my erect dick he chortled. "Sure you do."

This made him thrust into me even harder, almost savagely as the table I was sprawled on slammed into the wall of the trailer, the sound echoing in the room while my boss seemed to be trying to yank my dick clear off me.

The result was that I came, and it was almost like an electric shock running from my toes on up as Red milked me until it got too little for him to hold.

Then it was over, or so I thought because Red stopped pounding into me and his cock was then withdrawn, but he was far from through. Instead I got spun around and onto my back on the spunk coated table, with Red spreading me wide open and moving into me again.

My boss's breathing sounded like a freight train as he humped me from the front, the feeling different but no less satisfying as he slammed into me, and his already red skin was now crimson with his nostrils flared like a bull with his sweat flying off him all over me.

Glancing down I could see the base of his massive cock behind my spent dick as the rest of him impaled me while my pitiful limp noddle flopped around loudly like a fish out of water, and I reached down and started pulling on it to keep it out of my boss's way.

"That's it. Jerk that dick," Red instructed as he seemed to enjoy what I was doing, and while I knew I could never cum again so fast it still felt good.

That was why I was surprised when even though I was nowhere near hard, I spurted a few ropes of cum onto my stomach in a very tame orgasm compared the the first one, but the sight of that seemed to do something to my boss because he let out a bellow as I felt his cock twitch inside of me.

"Ahhh!" Red groaned, echoing my thoughts as his soothing warm seed filled my bowels, and he left his member inside of me until it went limp and squirmed out on its own.

Red smiled when he stepped back and looked down at what I didn't have the guts to look at myself, because I was sure I had to be damaged goods down there now, but the ache was already dulling as my boss helped me down off the table.

He had to catch me because my legs buckled when they hit the floor, but I regained my balance as we got dressed in silence. I could feel his sap oozing out of me after my shorts went back on, something I would feel for most of my ride home as a reminder of my last day at work, and my walk was more like a waddle for a while too.

"Good luck at school son," Red said as he shook my hand before we left the trailer, and then he suddenly stopped and gave me a little hug and said, "Damn you were so hot. Hope I wasn't too rough."

"No. Thank you," I said lamely, not knowing how he would take it if he knew I had liked the way he treated me a lot - a whole lot - and would have taken anything he dished out.

"Next summer if you need a job Todd ..." Red said as we parted, and all school year I had looked forward to going back home to the job that was waiting and especially anxious to see Royce "Red" Johnson again.

Would he wait until my last day to take me this summer? I hoped not and would be content to let him have his way with me every day after work because while I hadn't been chaste since that day with my boss, it wasn't the same with others. I was spoiled.

 **** 

thanks for reading