 Benjamin walked out of the door to the old Victorian house. He dusted off his slacks and looked at his new polished shoes. He waved at Mrs. Irons next door who was weeding her garden and walked over to the mail box to check his mail. “Well Benjamin dear where are you off to?”

He seemed to think about it before he told her. “Well, I’m on my way to the news paper to drop off the ad for a new roommate. The taxes on this house are huge you know.”

She chuckled and agreed. “It’s a shame that your grandfather had left it so deep under. You work to hard to keep it.” 

“Well it is his legacy you know. I just want to keep a part of him.”   

“You’re a good boy Ben,” He smiled his deep dimples showing. 

“Thanks Mrs. I. I’ll see you later!” He walked to the end of the drive in hopped into his Explorer. Man, he thought, roommate. He hadn’t had a roommate since Dan. Man, Dan was the most womanizing, beer guzzling jerk he knew. He wondered when he would see his best friend again. It had been seven years since they had graduated college and two years since his divorce. He needed a friend in his old neighborhood like a starving man needed food. He pulled off to Main and dropped of the ad. He sighed lets see what kind of jerks the ad picks up. He stopped by the grocery store and flirted with the cute little cashier and smiled when she took off twenty dollar and he only paid twenty three. She slipped him her phone number and he promised to call her later. He took his purchases and stuffed them in the back seat and drove home. He was pulling up to the old house when he noticed the cab in his driveway. 

“Who the hell is this?” he muttered and thought it sure as hell couldn’t be Amanda because she told him to drop dead or was it she said to drop off the edge of a cliff she told him so many things that it was pointless for him to think about it. He got out of the truck and slammed the door. The cab pulled out nearly hitting him. “Hey!’ he shouted at the cab driver as the car nearly collided with his body. He heard a deep chuckle and scowled. Who the hell was the guy anyway? “All that football muscle in college gone to fat, eh?” Benjamin looked up and grinned at Dan. “Dude, when did you get here?”

“Man I got here just now,”

“Why are you here though?” 

He looked mulish when Benjamin asked that. He gave a deep sigh. “My crappy job transferred me and unfortunately they didn’t give me a pad to crash in. This berg doesn’t have a hotel. How do you make it in Idaho? It’s like I can feel my self slipping into another era.   

Ben laughed “Nuthin’ like New York to appreciate the small things like uh well breathing.”

Dan scowled, “Man, I need a place to stay and I’m willing to pay.”

“Jesus, man you have great timing. I have a floor for rent fully remodeled and everything and plus I was looking for a roommate.”

“How much?”

“Twelve a month and free cable, pool and access to the fridge plus a cleaners down the street.” 

He shook his hand “I’ll take it, just let me grab my bags and I’ll be on my way.” Ben ran back to the car and grabbed his groceries and pulled the keys from the ignition. He unlocked the door and let himself in. He set the groceries on the table and helped Dan grab a couple of bags. He was talking a mile a minute as he showed Dan his apartment quarters. “You live downstairs and have a private staircase. You have direct access to the back door and it’s virtually sound proof so you can do what ever you want.” He nudged his shoulder and smiled.  Dan seemed confused. “Sound proof?”

His brow wrinkled “Yeah. I became a writer after I left the force. I could have sworn I told you.”

Dan shook his “Nope,”

“Well all I get is distractions.”

Dan laughed “I imagine its hard fending off all those women pretty boy.”

Benjamin beamed so brightly that it was blinding. Dan laughed. Then suddenly Ben punched his hand “Geez I’m glad you reminded me though, I have a date with Isis.”

“Who?”

”Man she’s hot. Tits like this.” He cupped his hands over his chest “and an ass that begs to be fucked.”

 “Sounds nice. So, like, what is she going out with?” He punched Dan in the arm. “Dude, I have to go in about ten minutes. Its five thirty and Johnny said he would come by to mow the lawn in about an hour.”

“Johnny?”

He thought about this “Call him B.J. it sounds better.”

“Man you have turned into your dad. You hire some one to mow the lawn?”

“I ain’t going to do it. Do you want too? I mean it’s free for the taking. The money is on the table to pay him.”

”Naw” and he shook his head. “I’m going to the pool. It’s hot here. Have fun on your date.” Dan smiled again as he waved Ben to his upstairs apartment. Dan looked around his room.  He had already dumped most of his clothes on the bed while they were talking and was searching for a pair of decent swim shorts. He couldn’t find any so he settled for a pair of black boxers. What the fuck he said and pulled off all his clothes and slipped on the boxers. He admired his physique in the mirror. He stood six three and worked out since he was a teen and liked the fact that he was well built and athletic. He also liked the look he had cultivated since he was twenty. The handsome rugged look. He heard the water running above him. Ben was probably taking a quick shower for his date. He swelled and hardened almost instantly thinking about Ben lathering him self up. He wondered what his friend would think if he knew he was gay. He remembered in college them making fun of queers and he the next hour seeking them out for a quick screw. He thought he was confused and tried to fill his life with and women and booze so he could drown out his yearning for men. It didn’t work and as soon as he got out of college he lived his life as a secretly gay man in New York. He walked out of his back door and to the patio and slid out side and dived in the pool. A few minutes later he heard the distant sound of a door slamming and a click indicating that he had locked the door. He closed his eyes and let his mind slip away to his fantasy of making love to his best friend, He shook his head. No he wasn’t going down that route. He dived into the pool and swam several strokes before he cooled down enough. He stepped in the shower and removed the chlorine from his body. Twenty minutes and a sandwich later he sat on the couch reading a book he got from the book shelf when he heard the lawnmower rev to life. Ah he thought must be B.J. “He’s late.” Dan said as he looked at the clock on the wall. He went to the patio door and looked at him. He looked like the quarter back from his high school team all bulging muscle and cockiness and before he new it he had a raging hard on. “Geez,” he said  

“I feel like a horny old man” but even as he said that he touched his dick and massaged it. He looked over at B.J. and his body demanded that he fulfill it. He touched his head and felt it bob upright. He touched the pre-cum at the tip and smoothed it down the pole. He jerked his hand down the smooth long shaft. His fingers closed tightly around himself and moved his hand faster and faster. His balls filled and tightened. His dick grew thick and rigid and he forgot about his surrounding. He forgot that he was standing naked and in front of a glass window jerking off to a teenage boy. He groaned as he spasmed. He was about to cum. He felt the incredible pressure and just as he was about to explode a second hand grabbed his dick with such force that he gasped. He looked up to see B.J. starring at him with angry eyes. “So you want to jerk off to someone huh?” speech was beyond him as he felt the pressure on his dick tighten. He was physically fit but B.J. had him in an immobilizing grip on him. He swallowed and nodded. B.J. said as he led him to the couch by his dick. “Well, this seems to be an interesting sit-u-ation. You happen to be in luck because I’m goin’ to oblige you one better.”

He un-zipped his shorts and pushed Dan on the couch. He pulled off his shorts and kicked it to the side. His dick was so thick in big that Dan swallowed again this time voluntary. B.J. pushed his half swollen member across his lips. He didn’t take it B.J. pushed it closer. “What are you waitin’ for? Trust me you don’t want me angry.” Dan automatically opened his mouth and sucked the head deep inside his mouth. B.J. groaned. “You like that don’t you?” He couldn’t help it and Dan suckled his dick deeper into his mouth. “God that feels so fucking good.” Dan felt the cock in his mouth harden to its full length and he couldn’t take enough in his mouth. He gripped the base and slid down until his dick touched the back of his throat. B.J grabbed his shoulders and pulled out and pushed back deeper into his mouth. Dan’s technique changed and he swirled the head with his tongue and felt him tighten. “Jesus.” B.J said. He gave a long deep gurgle of pleasure. Dan had pulled the dick out of his mouth and licked the long pole and cupped his balls and stroked them. 

He couldn’t resist and he sucked them deep into his mouth and loved the heavy feel of them the way that they tensed and he knew that B.J. was about to cum. He moved back and sucked on the head, stroking the shaft faster and faster and he felt B.J.’s hips moving faster and faster, pushing his cock deeper into Dan’s mouth unable to control his movements. He couldn’t control his body as he came and shot load after sticky load into his mouth. Dan swallowed fast, licking up every spare drop. He sucked him even more even after he was sure that he had no more in him. He cleaned him off and B.J. pulled his member out of his mouth. “No one has ever sucked me like that pretty boy. You got the hottest wet mouth that I ever had my dick in. I’m going to do you a favor.” He bent down and stroked Dan’s hard dick. He sucked in a deep breath as he watched the young man get on his knees between Dan’s outspread legs. His mouth felt incredible relieving some of the pressure on him. B.J. caressed his pole and touched his tongue to the tip, were a drop of pre-cum had developed. His hungry mouth settled over the head and jerked him off. Dan dropped his head back and moaned deeply. He closed his eyes and ran his fingers through B.J.’s blond hair. He pushed his hips toward B.J.’s waiting lips and moved faster and faster matching his strokes with B.J.’s hand. Dan watched the blunt head go in and out of B.J.’s firm pink mouth. Then it was all too much. He tried to pull B.J.’s head away but he wouldn’t budge he squeezed his dick lightly and Dan’s hand fell away weakly to his side with a groan. He stammered out “I-I don’t won’t to cum in your mouth,” B.J. just squeezed his heavy balls and Dan released a torrent of cum into his mouth. B.J. sucked down the sweet and salty mixture and begged for more, he sucked Dan deeper and Dan sunk farther back into the couch. His chest heaving, “God,” he whispered later as he stroked his chest. “That was incredible.”

 He reached over and kissed B.J.’s slack lips. Dan grinned “That was fun do you want to do something more?” B.J eagerly agreed and reached over to stroke Dan’s luminous cock. Neither saw Ben as he looked on in abject horror.

To be continued . . .  