 Forward: For more than twenty years, I have looked back on my first same-sex experience with satisfaction. Satisfaction that I did not shy from the experience, that I freely enjoyed myself and my partner, that I have a base of familiarity upon which to develop an understanding of my sexuality, as well as my inhibitions. I accept my own sexuality, on my terms and however I define it. In that spirit, and with a very warm "thank you" to BlueEyed5ftAngel for her editing expertise, here is my first effort at erotic fiction. Hope you enjoy.  – Cjontherocks

Another lazy summer Sunday crept into Scott's life and overcame him with a feeling of anxiousness he couldn't define. He knew he should be out doing something more exciting, but there seemed to be nothing left but a daily routine of chores around his apartment. Scott was bored with the repetition of his weekend activity and needed to do something, anything, different. Laundry: check. Vacuum: check. Dishes piling up in the sink and actually beginning to smell a little: check. Find something of substance to occupy his time: uncheck. 

He knew Paul always had weed and was always willing to spark one up, but Scott really didn't want to spend another day getting stoned only because he couldn't think of anything else to do.

David might be home, he thought. 

Scott threw a tee-shirt over his head snaking his arms through, his tanned and sinewy torso now hidden under the bagginess of his cotton Beefy-T.

Of all his old friends from high school, Scott always liked David the best. He was super cool, and always had something in mind when no one else did. 

The boys knew they were in for a good time when David came up with his infamous line, "I've got an idea for something wild!" 

He was funny as hell, never got into the bullshit and arguments that plagued high school boys back then and had this uncontrollable passion for red-haired girls, just like Scott. It seemed only natural, of course. David's shoulder-length auburn curls and his cavalier manner attracted more than his fair share of women. And he'd maintained his slender track-star physique even now, five years after that final state championship.

Scott and his buddies never forgot to call David when they went out. They called "shotgun" on the way to the car, and "wing-man" on the way to the clubs.

David lived in a condo just a few short blocks from Scott. A walk might do him some good, he thought, as he left his apartment and headed down the stairs. 

Walking up the street, Scott couldn't help people-watching. He'd classify drivers by the cars they drove. There went a small-town transplanted redneck in a four-wheel drive truck, primer hood and 40-inch tires. The rainbow sticker in the back window threw a kink in Scott's assessment… a rainbow sticker? Maybe he bought the truck from a dyke, too naïve to understand that men everywhere were pointing him out as a fag. Maybe he's a loud, obnoxious idiot by day and a flaming homo when the lights go out, Scott thought. 

Scott realized on some level he had no business thinking this way. He thought of his own experiences. Not much in the way of homosexual activity but he'd been trying to suck his own dick since shortly after he discovered masturbation. And that one night… the girl who insisted he'd like it up the ass if he'd just try it. He'd considered that some; even fingered his prostate a few times while masturbating. That was pretty wild. For a few moments, he'd felt he'd never stop cumming. But a dick in his ass? He didn't think so. That was way too gay.

Walking up to David's door, Scott could hear the music blaring from inside, the drums pounding along to Led Zeppelin; David obviously hard at practice. Knowing David would never hear the doorbell, Scott waited for "Rock and Roll" to finish… a mental picture of David, bare-chested, sweat dripping from his hair, slamming away with the sticks, nothing on his mind but the beat.

Scott envied David's talent, or if not his talent, then his gusto. Scott always felt a passion for music and knew he had an ear for it. But he never seriously pursued playing or singing.

He pushed the doorbell twice as the reverberation from the cymbals died. 

"Yeah, I'm in the back," was David's invitation.

Scott walked through the living room, around the corner and down the hall into the spare room of the condo, where David kept his indoor toys--drum set, Bow-Flex and a wall-length bookcase packed with all sorts of books, from classics to contemporary literature. David didn't even own a television. When would he find the time to watch?

David was standing behind his drum set, toweling the perspiration off the back of his neck and bare chest. He could only see David's upper body behind the drums. Was he naked? No, he saw the bottom of David's shorts as he moved.

Scott used his white-guy-trying-to-be-hip voice, "What is up, my brother?"

David was still panting, "Same shit, different day, bro. What's up with you?"

"Ah, just sittin' around chokin' my chicken. Figured I'd cruise by and see if anything's going on with you. You been at this long, or just getting warmed up?" 

"I was just about done practicing. Gotta be ready when Zep gets back together and needs me to sit in," David answered.

Scott loved David's sense of humor. The two of them kept everyone entertained anywhere they went. It was like brotherhood must feel, Scott thought. He didn't have a brother but this must be how it feels… a friendship that just comes naturally, like you were born with it.

"I was gonna go down to the mall and check out the new CDs. You wanna go?"

"Yeah, that'd be cool. I need to get some more lotion anyway. I'm starting to go through that stuff like crazy. Is it possible to masturbate too much? I think one of my arms is getting bigger than the other," Scott joked, holding out his arms in comparison.

"Dude, you so gotta get laid," laughed David. "If I was a homo, I'd throw you a pity-fuck myself. Let me go take a shower and we'll head out." David unsnapped his shorts, unzipping them as he walked to the hall closet to get a towel.

Scott watched, as David's board shorts sagged down his hips, exposing his taut rear end just enough to reveal the dimples. He knew if David was facing him, he'd see the pubic hair beginning at the bottom of his stomach and maybe even get a glimpse of his rod. Of course they'd seen each other naked before, in girls' apartments and back in high school gym class. But Scott had never really had the chance to see David's form in this way before. He turned away quickly as David padded into his room.

Scott waited on David's sofa listening to him singing in the shower and pretty damn well actually. The singing stopped in mid-song, then the water stopped as well. After a few minutes, Scott felt the effects of listening to the running water. He had to pee.

Walking down the hallway, Scott saw the guest bathroom door was closed. He'd been here enough times to know it was always closed, so he opened the door without thinking anything of it. The steaminess in the room didn't click with him at first. Why would David be showering in the guest bathroom? What did strike him as odd was the full-length mirror, which for some reason wasn't clouded over with steam. And even more striking was David, completely naked and standing in front of the mirror; eyes closed, head back, stroking his cock slowly with his left hand while his right wandered up and down his body. Running his fingertips up and down his chest, teasing his nipples, his belly, then down to his balls and around to his ass. David was obviously oblivious to anything but his own pleasure.

Scott was mesmerized, not moving. He watched, seeing a full frontal view of David in the mirror, as well as his ass from behind. He was so preoccupied, watching David stroke his thick cock; he didn't notice when David's attention turned to him.

David's voice had an unusual soft huskiness. "You like watching me get myself off, or what?"

Scott snapped back to reality.

"Oh geez, David, you gotta warn a guy when you're gonna pull that thing out. I didn't know you were in here, dude. Sorry." Scott moved backward through the doorway, still looking.

David continued rubbing up and down his shaft, his rhythm never wavered as he spoke, "I'm not. I kinda dig being watched. I don't suppose you want to see me finish, do you?"

Scott didn't know what to say. The whole scene was a dream… one he'd had before. On one hand, he couldn't believe what he was seeing. He never really pictured David masturbating even though they joked about it often. David always had all the women he could possibly want. On the other hand, he felt his own arousal as his cock stirred under his jeans. This was pretty hot, watching another man, in the flesh so to speak.

Scott's voice was also different, a slow phone-sex voice, as he answered, "Alright."

David brushed past him and down the hall toward the bedroom, his pole sticking out like a Penthouse cartoon. Scott followed, feeling a familiar tingle in his genitals.

David crawled onto the bed, propped up against the pillows and spread his legs, returning the attention of one hand to his stiffness, while the other continued to explore the rest of body. Scott positioned himself on the bed next to him, closer than he thought might be acceptable, but David didn't say anything. He was, after all, preoccupied. As David's breathing became heavy, Scott felt his own cock begin to throb and grow even larger. David began to moan softly as he breathed. Scott leaned closer, his face no more than a foot from David's groin, surprising himself as he ran his hand up the inside of David's thigh and began to massage his balls.

"Oh, I like that, Scott," David moaned. "What else can you do?"

Scott knew this was his moment of truth. He'd wondered what this would be like when trying to get his own into his mouth.

David gently guided Scott's hand unhurriedly up the length of his eight inches.

Scott felt his warmth, his hardness. This was nothing like stroking his own. This was something else! He had to taste it. Scott leaned down and licked David's shaft, ran his tongue around the head, lingering at the spot he knew to be most sensitive.

David arched and moaned again, "Mmmmmmm fuck yeah, Scott."

Scott felt a tingle of electricity run from his toes, to his groin, up to his lips as he took David into his mouth. He took all he could without gagging, which surprised him again. He had taken David's dick halfway down, and wanted more. Sucking David's cock in and out, cupping his shaft with his tongue, Scott took it in deeper and deeper.

David was almost screaming now, "Fuck yeah, dude, fuck…"

Scott was slobbering like a dog, his saliva glistening along David's rod and running into his pubic hair.

David's hands caressed Scott's arms, back, shoulders and moved through his hair as Scott continued to slurp on his shank, taking it fully into his throat now.

Scott felt David's balls tighten, and knew what was coming next. He felt the pulse in slow motion as David's climax moved through his shaft. Stroking him, Scott pulled back a little. He wanted to see David's cum squirt into his mouth. It didn't squirt. It gushed. He pictured a geyser as David sprayed the back of his throat, Scott's mouth hovering around the head of David's dick, using his tongue to keep it aimed at his mouth. 

"Yeah!" was David's only intelligible sound as Scott felt his mouth filling with cum, running out and down his chin.

Scott couldn't believe how much there was, pulse after pulse. It tasted sweet and salty at once, and Scott was amazed at how hot David's juice felt. He swallowed and took David's shaft into his mouth again, forcing it into his throat, all the way down until he could feel David's balls against his chin. He held it there as long as he could, until finally he had to breathe. Scott licked the length of David's shaft, all over his balls, sucking up every drop of cum he could find.

David was spent. "Brother, you are one hell of a cocksucker."

Scott slid up next to David, rested his head on David's chest and began stroking his smooth and muscular body. He couldn't believe how natural it felt. And he couldn't believe how hard his cock had gotten. He felt like he would explode. Scott spoke, hoping David was about to reciprocate.

"That was pretty fuckin' wild, huh?"

David grinned and sat up, his hand caressing Scott's face.

"You want wild?" He reached over into the nightstand nearby and retrieved a bottle of what could only be sex lube. "I've got an idea for something wild!"