 Ben looked at them and felt himself harden. He couldn’t believe it. Once again his body had betrayed him and he felt himself sicken. He tried to gulp in air but it wasn’t coming in quick enough. He left when he saw Dan explode into B.J.’s body. He turned around and walked as quietly as he could to his room. He felt the hardness in his pants trying to push through the tab. He was resolved not to release the pressure. Instead he walked to his bathroom. He stripped down and stepped into the shower. He turned on the cold water and let the stream beat against him. His cock throbbed and touched the swollen head. It was calling to him for release and he cradled the base in his hand. He shut his eyes and leaned against the cold tiles in the shower. He stroked the hard shaft and tried to force his imagination into seeing big breast and tight pussies, instead he saw his friend slam in and out of B.J.’s ass. He gasped as his hand seemed to move on its own quick and quicker to the images flickering in his head. He his breath deepened and came out in shallow gasps as his hand tightened and worked faster. He shuddered as he came and shot out load after load of hot cum. 

Dan moved off of B.J.’s still pulsating body. He removed the condom and tossed it in the near by trash can. Dan walked toward the bureau he located the handcuff key in the side of his carrying case and walked over to B.J. and un-cuffed him. “I loved that.” B.J. said as he rubbed his wrist. Then he chuckled as if a private joke occurred to him.   

“What’s up?” Dan said as he pulled on his robe. 

“I just realized that I hadn’t asked your name.”

Dan smiled as he realized the same thing. “Yeah that is important. It’s Dan by the way.”

“So I’ll look you up again?” He suddenly seemed shy and unsure of him self. Dan looked at him. He hated the fumbling after sex. He hated the silence and the unsure glances. He reached over and pulled B.J. closer to him and kissed him. “I’d like that.” He pulled back and let B.J. pull up his shorts and watched him leave. He tightened the sash on his robe and watched as he looked at the clock. It was eight o’clock. He hadn’t realized it was so late. He chuckled he hadn’t realized a couple of things, for one he didn’t remember B.J. turning off the lawn mower or him ever being almost crazed to have anyone. He chuckled again, what a day. He walked out of his bedroom and into the kitchen and took out a glass from the cabinet and walked to the icebox. Ben said it was free to him at all times and got out the milk and the fixings for a sandwich. Sex always made him ravenous. He couldn’t help but be this time, he thought, as he grabbed the bread from the basket. He made his sandwich and carried it to the living room so he could catch a little ESPN to see who one the big game. He stepped into the living room and dropped his glass. Ben’s appearance there had scared him. “Dude!” he said as he looked down, the glass hadn’t broken but the milk had spilled into the beige carpet. “Sorry man it’s just you had scared the living shit outta me. I’ll clean this. . .”

“Are you a fucking fairy?” Ben asked softly as he looked hard at Dan’s face hoping that he would deny what he, himself, had seen. 

Dan stared back actually looking for the first time at his friend. He wore a wife beater under shirt and black shorts. His muscles were lax but he had seen his friend react with sudden strength and speed. He looked as if he had been drinking. His eyes were red-rimmed and puffy. “I wouldn’t exactly say it like that. . .”

“Just answer the got-damned question.”

Dan stiffened but saw the hurt and betrayal in his eyes and dropped his shoulders slightly. “Yes. I’m gay.”

“How long?” Ben asked softly.  “It really isn’t any of your business.” Dan said non-pulsed.

Ben kicked over the table that was by his feet as he jumped up. It crashed into the wall leaving a big hole behind. “Just answer the mother-fucking question! How long have you been this way?!” He yelled

Dan’s fists clenched and he gritted his teeth. He knew he could have walked away at any moment but he felt as if he owed his friend an explanation. “I’ve been gay for about fifteen years.” 

Ben hardened his jaw. “You’ve been this way and didn’t see fit to tell me?”

Dan felt his friends despair. “Ben it’s not like that.”

Ben wasn’t going to listen to him. “You aren’t that much unpacked are you? Pack up tonight. You leave in the morning.” He turned on him and left.  Dan heaved a sigh of relief and loss at the same time. He wanted Ben to know who he was but he didn’t want to hurt him this much. He also didn’t see why he was taking it so hard he was still Dan. He closed his eyes and suddenly he wasn’t hungry, he didn’t want the mangled sandwich anyway. He threw the confection away and washed his hands. He walked into the room and sat on the bed. He rubbed his face and looked at the clock, 8:06. What a day, he thought again. He looked down at the clothes he and B.J. had thrown on the floor and stood to pick up some. He didn’t care as he stuffed them into his bags. Dan scooped up a couple of shirts and was preparing to stuff them into his carry-on when he noticed the picture he carried of Benjamin, Amanda and him the day Ben got married. It was a cherished memory and he carried that photo every where. He stood. He wasn’t going to throw almost a decade of friendship away because his friend was an idiot. He was going to fight for this. He hadn’t actually run to do his resolve. Actually he sat there for about a couple of hours before he moved.  He walked up the stairs and stumbled around before he actually found Ben’s room. He turned the knob and was surprised that it was opened. He pushed the heavy oak door open and stepped in. He saw Ben asleep nude on top of the covers. He wasn’t shocked that he was asleep or nude; Ben always crashed early and slept in the buff, to Dan’s consternation. What shocked him was the fact that he was semi-erect and Dan paused and stared longingly at the half swollen member. He shook his head and cleared his thoughts. This was a serious matter, he chided himself, and I won’t be distracted. He walked over and sat on the bed and touched Ben’s shoulder to wake him. When Ben crashed he slipped into a state of a comatose like slumber. Ben mumbled and turned over and Dan shook him harder. “Wake up.” he said urgently and pushed harder at his shoulder. Ben awoke shook the sleepiness away then focused on Dan, then his eyes narrowed and he threw an unexpected punch that had landed on Dan’s collar bone. Dan, stunned momentarily, brushed off the punch and leaped on his friend. He straddled Bens’ legs and grabbed hold to one of his thrashing limbs. Ben bucked and trying to toss him off of his body but Dan had fifty pounds of raw muscle on him and four inches, he wasn’t going to move. 

Ben was in a state of panic and pushed his hips up again and tried to dislodge him. Dan grabbed his other hand secured both arms over his head and shouted into his face “Quite moving you ass. Calm down. We have to talk so you can get some things understood.” 

Ben bucked again and Dan pressed his hips down to keep Bens’ still. He still had his hands secured and looked down and scowled at his best friend. “We have to talk this out,” he gritted through his teeth. “If you weren’t such an asshole we wouldn’t be in this position.”

Ben twisted to the side and for a second both his and Dan’s groins were pressed tightly together and Dan felt the steel-like hardness of his arousal. “Holy fuck.” Dan whispered “You’re getting turned on by this.” 

In Dan’s shock he slackened his hold on Ben’s arms; Ben wriggled free and socked him good in the jaw. Dan wasn’t left unfazed and the punch knocked him off of Ben. He landed on the floor with a heavy thud. He set up and fingered his jaw gingerly. “You know for a puny white guy you throw a pretty good right.” He said smiling, he new at six feet and 190 Ben was not puny. He also knew that he himself was as white as the driven snow. Dan looked up to see Ben sitting on the side of the bed. He had his legs braced apart and his elbows on his knees and his face buried in his hands. Dan wasn’t sure but he heard the unmistakable sounds of sobbing coming from his friend. He got up and sat on the bed and next to him. “I don’t want to be gay.” Was what he said, but the muffled words that came out were “I wanna be Faye.” 

Acting on instinct alone Dan reached out and hugged his friend closer to him he knew how some one felt when denying the truth. He had done it for years before he accepted what he was. “Shush,” he crooned it will be all right. Ben moved his hands and gave him a steely eyed glance that wasn’t worth shit to a man who was just crying. “No, you don’t know, if I still love pussy so much, then why do I want you?” Both of them jumped when he leaned in and kissed Dan on the lips. Ben sucked in a deep breath and looked at his friend. Dan smiled at him and brought him closer to his lips and kissed him. He opened his mouth and let Ben’s tongue slide in. Ben was exited as he slid his tongue in and out of his mouth. His hands grew bolder and he slipped off robe Dan was wearing. 

His hands slipped the hard firm surface of Dan’s chest. Dan closed his eyes and sucked in a deep breath. He reached out and stroked Ben’s dick loving the feeling of it tensing up and he quickened the strokes. He stoked from the base up and Ben fell back onto the bed. He let his friend explore his length. He gave out a short mangled scream when he felts Dan take him into his mouth. His dick felt as if it was surrounded by hottest, wet mouth ever created. His eyes closed he gave himself over to the mouth working his john like an expert. Dan sucked his whole eight inches into his mouth and seemed to want to keep going, his nose buried into the deep thatch of pubic hair. Dan’s head bobbed up and down as he pulled his dick deeper. He pulled the long shaft out of his mouth and sucked and licked down to his balls. Ben tensed as he felt a finger touch him were his balls separated and dick connected. He arched his back pressing his groin into his face and decided that he liked that. Dan lifted the heavy weight of his balls in his hand and squeezed the weight. He sucked the salty mass into his mouth and heard Ben let out a harsh groan. He suckled them deeply and he jiggled them around in his mouth. He tightened his hand slightly around his cock. He stroked all the way up to the tip and touched the head were a huge amount of pre-cum was dripping, with the pad of his thumb. He spread the sweet smelling mass around the head and down the long smooth pole. He his hand glided back down and up and he felt the balls in his mouth tighten. He heard Ben’s gurgled shout and released his balls with and audible pop. His mouth settled back on the head of his cock and he sucked it into his mouth. He looked down at the swollen mass and felt the blunt head and tasted the pre cum. He felt Ben’s hands on his head trying to force him down and he used a trick of B.J.’s and refused to move. One hand stayed on the bed keeping him up and the other was at the base of his pole jerking him off. Dan kept up his deliberate pace felt Ben erupt into his mouth. Dan slurped down all that he could but some dribbled down his chin and onto Ben’s balls. Still he sucked and slurped until he felt that Ben had no more. He pulled his dick out and noticed that Ben was still hard. He looked at him questioningly. Ben’s chest heaved as he sucked in lungful after lungful of air after that violent orgasm. “I never . . . get . . . my rocks off . . . after my first cum.”

 He was too weak to move Dan though as he looked lovingly at Ben’s tanned ass. Ben followed his line of vision. “In for a penny,” he said, “I want to know it all.” Dan nodded and stripped out of his boxers and ripped off his robe. He told Ben to get in the middle of the bed. As he turned over into the doggy style position, Dan shook his head and grabbed his hips and flipped him over. “I want to do this face to face.” He looked over to the bureau and saw a bottle of baby oil. He walked over and grabbed it and dabbled a few drops on his straining cock. He rubbed it down the pole and he saw his dick strain and touch his stomach. He knew better then to test his luck. He smiled darkly. I might come as soon as I enter that tight ass. He walked over to the bed and told Ben to open his legs. Ben obliged and watched as Dan rubbed the oil on his two fingers. He felt his warm hands on his ass and open the firm cheeks. He groaned as felt the oil on his hole and felt insertion of two broad fingers. He closed his eyes at the semisweet pain in his ass. He felt Dan press down on his bowels and he moaned. Ben felt the gentle pummeling and arched. He didn’t know if he liked this or not still he had to ride it through.. He felt Dan drive a third finger in and stretch him. God this was starting to feel so good.

Dan looked at his friend as he closed his eyes in ecstasy. He removed his finger and placed the broad head of his cock at Ben’s virgin entrance. He had stretched him enough for his head and pushed the head inside. He closed his eyes against the tightness and fought the urge to sink in. He pushed inside slowly stretching him until he was fully embedded. 

Ben had never felt anything like this pain/pleasure that Dan was giving him. He swallowed his scream and tightened his ass as if to push against the pain. Dan had never been in anything as tight as his virgin ass. He pulled out and then glided in deeper. He felt Ben’s hard cock pressed against his stomach and he pushed in deeper. He moved in and out not caring if he hurt him or not mindless to all except cumming inside his Ben’s tight ass.

Ben grunted as the pain began to ebb and the pleasure took its place. He wrapped his legs around Dan’s hips and met his thrusts head on. He moved his, hips pushing Dan inside deeper and deeper. He took his dick in his hand and rubbed the hard on until he was close to cumming. He felt Dan still and explode deep within him. He liked the feel of warm cum filling him and he exploded, once again brought to an incredible orgasm by a man. After his orgasm he felt completely attuned to everything around him; Dan’s sweat slick body on top of his. His thick dick jerking spasmodically in his rectum. He felt Dan grunt and pull out of him and felt empty when he removed His piece from his ass. 

Dan rolled over and pulled him tight up against him and stroked his short dark hair. “How do you feel?”

     Ben thought about this. “I feel good sort of energized and sleepy at once.”

     Dan laughed “ I meant about having sex with men.”

     Ben pondered this “I still like the feel of a tight pussy although this is good.”

Dan nodded and stretched, he could accept that. 

“Although this does leave me knowing one thing.”

“And what’s that?” Dan asked genuinely curious.  

Ben smiled as he stroked Dan’s rapidly hardening cock “I’ve learned that there is much to be said about turn about.” 

     Dan grinned knowing tonight he wouldn’t get much sleep.

THE END.