 Jim and I had been seeing each other for about 6 months and a lot of things have changed in our lives. I was in better shape than I had ever been and my wife was now working out and getting fit too. Thank God that she decided to go to a local women's health club rather than joining me and Jim at his place. Randi moved back to town and in with Jim. She has decided not to have the final surgery to finish her transformation for right now. She likes living the transsexual life and lives as a woman in all other aspects. She even joined the club my wife goes to and is friends with her. So far, all the secrets have been kept. We even socialize sometimes and the four of us get along great. 

Jim and I get together three times a week. Two to work out and one to play. Randi joins in on occasion but she is doing very well with her business and doesn't always have time to join us. That is just as well for me because she can be insatiable sometimes and if you aren't completely drained when she is done with you she isn't happy. With Jim and I it is more about just doing what feels good and relaxes you. 

So, one Friday afternoon, Randi comes home a little early and finds Jim and I just relaxing after one of our "light" workouts and squeezes in between us on the couch and starts telling us about her day. She had been at the club earlier that afternoon and was visiting with my wife, by the way I was having chef salad and sex for supper, and they had decided to go on a shopping trip together. My wife had mentioned this a couple of times because her workouts were showing some good results and I had told her that she should reward herself and Randi just liked buying clothes. She just wanted to let me know that the idea just kind of blossomed from casual conversation and by the time she realized what she was doing they had the weekend all planned and she didn't want to back out. She could tell that I was close to a panic because of all the things running through my mind as to what would happen. 

Randi turned to me and just said that maybe it was time to just let it all out and stop hiding my true self from the one that loves me the most. I wasn't so sure but Randi assured me that this was going to work out and we would all be happier when it did. I did have to admit that I had been trying to come up with a way for our fun little threesome to become a foursome without freaking out my wife. Randi just said for me to leave it to her and things would be just fine. She said it with such confidence that I did believe her and agreed that it just might work.

That night, after my chef salad and in the foreplay of sex, Kay was telling me about running into Randi at the club and their conversation. She seemed to be having second thoughts about their trip and was kind of hinting that she wanted me to say that she shouldn't go. I wasn't about to do that so as I climbed between her legs and began licking at her tasty pussy, I asked her why she was having second thoughts. She was reluctant to say but I pushed her as I juiced her pussy up with my tongue and began working my fingers against her g-spot. I brought her close to orgasm but wouldn't let her finish as I pressed her about her reluctance to go with Randi. With her teetering at the brink she finally confessed that she found Randi attractive and didn't know what might happen if they spent a weekend together. I just said that I found Randi attractive too and I knew what would happen if I spent a weekend with her. As she slapped the top of my head I found her hard clit with my teeth and began sucking on it as my fingers rubbed her hot spot in her juicy pussy. Quickly she filled my waiting mouth with her cum as she climaxed and squirted all over my face. She hates it when I make her cum like that but she knows that I love it and will let me revel in all that pussy juice she can produce. With my face covered in her cum she pushed my onto my back and climbed on top of me, letting my hard cock slide right into her sopping pussy. As she rode my cock, she hung her big full titties in my face and let my suck on them, another good way to make her cum, and asked me just what I would do to Randi if I had her for a weekend. 

I tried to resist her hot juicy pussy squeezing my dick as she slid up and down me and told her that the way that Randi always has her tits on display with we low cut tops and push up bras that I would love to fill her cleavage with cum, but her tits looked better for fucking and looked softer and more inviting. Kay sat up straight and while grinding her hips into my crotch began playing with her nipples and rubbing them hard. Reaching down between her legs and covering her fingers with her tasty juices she rubbed it all over her nipples and then leaned forward to let me taste. I love the taste of her pussy and used the chance to suck on them hard as I thrust up into her hot box. She settled me back down on the bed and again began slowly grinding against me and asked what else I would like to do to Randi. I thought a moment and told her that Rand is always wearing tight pants and skirts and she has one of those butts that just asks to be fucked. Kay was enjoying getting fucked and playing with her tits so as I described wanting to fuck Randi in the ass I was able to lift her up just enough to let my hard cock exit her nice warm pussy and slip down just enough to push into her tight hot ass. 

Kay waited just a moment before she relaxed and let me enter her. She groaned as I pushed against her anal opening and squeezing her titties and pinching her nipples, she let herself down onto my hips and impaled herself on my rigid cock. I could feel her tight ass flexing around my cock and she gave me the nod to go ahead. Grabbing her ass, I started moving us in rhythm and I started telling her about waning to fuck Randi's ass. The more graphic I got the more moaning I got from Kay. She was nearing her climax and reached between her legs to rub her clit and I took her tits in my hands and played with her hard nipples. I pulled her down so I could suck on them and lifted her ass up so I could do some good thrusting into it. I drove my hips hard into her ass and sucked on her nipples until I felt her start to cum again. Her hand was rubbing her clit hard and I shoved myself into her and held tight against her and letting those tight ass muscles milk my cock. I pushed hard into her ass and felt my cum explode into her. My hot cum in her ass released her own orgasm and I felt her pussy explode around her fingers and cover us both with a flood of hot cum. Kay collapsed on top of me and gasped for breath. When she could finally speak she just said, "so you think I should go?" and I said, "yes I do, you will have fun."

A week later on Friday afternoon, Kay and I pulled up to Jims' house to pick up Randi. I was going out with Jim and he would drop me at home later. I helped Randi load her stuff in the car and commented on how light her suitcases were. She assured me that they wouldn't be when she got back. As we said our goodbyes I gave Randi a worried look and she gave me a extra hug and assured me that it was going to be alright and when they got back on Sunday we could all have fun together. I went around to Kay and giving her a big hug and squeeze, looked her in the eye and said to just go with it and have fun. As we watched them disappear down the street, Jim put his arm around my shoulder and said that I should trust Randi to make all the right moves and that we should enjoy ourselves for the weekend like we just told them to do. 

Jim and I had our regular Friday workout, I am now able to get him completely in my mouth and I love the feeling of his cum hitting the back of my throat. Jim wanted a good fucking so I did my best to oblige him. While I am not huge by any ones standards, I am bigger than Randi and Jim loves the way I can fill his ass. I love having him on his back so I can stroke his big cock while I pump into his tight ass.

After a nice afternoon of relaxing sex, a short nap and a nice hot shower - I love getting my ass filled while water splashes down on my back. Jim and I got dressed to go out for the night. Our first stop was a nice little diner that we often go to with Kay and Randi. I guess you could call us regulars because everyone wanted to know where they were and then gave us grief about a boys night out - if they only knew. The local strip club was next on our list. I haven't been to one since my bachelor party and that was ages ago, boy, have things changed. Jim decided to treat me to a private dance by a gorgeous black girl that had the cutest bubble butt in the place, a fantasy of mine. While there is a no touch policy out in the club, it doesn't seem to apply in the private rooms. I had my cock rubbed by every inch of that hot black body and sucked on her big dark nipples until I had her groaning. After about 15 minutes of rubbing and stroking, she turned around and sat on my lap, giving me her hot black ass to play with. My stiff cock poked between her legs and she clamped her legs together and worked herself up and down. My dick rubbing against her wet pussy and between the thighs soon had a mind of its own and wanted in that dark slit. She was very good at keeping the angle just right so I wasn't able to slip in but she sure got me off with those juicy thighs while I caressed her luscious butt. She produced a paper towel from somewhere and was able to catch my load when I let loose so there was very little clean up - I think it wasn't her first time. She let me have another taste of those nice brown titties before beginning to get dressed. Just before she turned to go, I slipped $50 down the front of her g-string and gave her juicy pussy a quick fingering. I got a thanks and a peck on the cheek before she left the room. 

Jim wouldn't let me return the favor but he did take a lap dance from a tiny little girl in pigtails that looked to be all of 16 - she told us she was 24. After a few more hours watching the girls we decided to head out for one of the local gay bars and check out the action there. For a Friday night this place was pretty quite. We took a table and ordered a couple of drinks. Jim was telling me about his lap dance and how the girl had managed to work his hand under her and he was fingering her pussy as she slid around on his lap without anyone noticing. I said that was for sure because I was sitting beside him watching and I didn't notice. Since it was getting late and this bar was a dud, Jim and I headed to my house to call it a night. I had Jim spend the night as we were both exhausted and there was no one waiting for him at home any way. 

Wake up sex on Saturday morning was fun. We had not had the chance to have that before. About 10:00 Kay called and about 30 seconds later Jim's cell phone rang - it was Randi. They had gone out for dinner the night before and the hotel had a bar with a band so they sat in the bar and talked and drank until late. I told Kay that Jim had spent the night because he was tired and didn't feel like driving home and we were heading out to play a round of golf in a little bit. Kay said that they were just about ready to hit the stores and that they wouldn't be back until late. I told her to call when they headed out in the morning so we would know when to expect them and to enjoy herself. She replied coyly that they were having a good time and Randi was a handful but she knew how to have fun. She couldn't wait to see me on Sunday and tell me all about the weekend.

When Jim hung up with Randi he said that she had told him that everything was going as she had planned it and for us to be ready when they got home. Jim and I did get a round of golf in before going about our regular weekend stuff. Kay called on Sunday and said that they were on their way back and to meet at Jims about 6:00 but wouldn't tell me about their weekend. She just said we'll talk when we get back and that she loved me. I just said see you at 6:00 and then called Jim to see what he had heard from Randi. Jim told me that his message was just about the same but to make sure that we had food and wine on hand and to behave himself. 

I guess we will find out in a bit what happened on their trip...