 All rights reserved. Other than downloading one copy for personal Enjoyment, no part of this story may be reproduced or transmitted by any means, except for reviews, without the written permission of the author. Comments on the story are appreciated and may be addressed to the author. Any suggestions are welcome.

This story contains descriptions of consensual sexual contact between Males. As such it is homoerotic, designed for the entertainment of mature adults. If you are not of legal age to read such material, or if the subject matter would create any kind of personal moral dilemmas, please exit now.

---------------------------------------

Sorted Out at the fun house: I was visiting my favorite city and wanted to spend a night at a very different playground. All I knew was that an adult website had said it was great fun. I had the address and got there early on a Monday evening; it wasn't long before I realized that this was a different kind of place. The parking lot was divided between rows for up to an hour that were free and rows for one to six hours at $5 an hour. I thought it strange but what the hell and went to get a long term ticket. The big red brick warehouse loomed large at the end of the lot with the only sign reading "entrances" in the plural. Once inside I encountered a line leading to two different counters. On the left the large counter sign read simply "cocks" while the right read "cocksuckers." Geez, this was embarrassing, I had to openly acknowledge what I wanted just by standing in one or the other line. I was sure that I was blushing, bright red as I shuffled forward to the counter.

"You know you're in the cocksucker line don't you" he asked looking directly at me? I mumbled a yes as he told me to speak up. I was fast becoming more and more embarrassed. "What do you want, just the cocksucker room or the works, the room is $40 and the works runs $65?" 

By now I was reduced to a stammer that the rude attendant took as assent to the works asking me for the $65. I needed to get away from this smirking, in your face young guy and pushed the money under the window. The door clicked and I started towards it just as he shouted, "stop, put this wrist band on" and he pushed a bright pink rubber band to me. I was actually trembling as I locked it on to the chorus of smirks from the rest of the line laughing at the new guy.

I was finally inside a large, dimly lit room seemingly full of guys. I couldn't make out anything until my eyes adjusted so I just stood there until I felt a hand on my shoulder. "I see your new here, I'll show you around. You've already gotten through the tough part in the sorting entrance. Believe it or not that challenging system kinda frees you up to admit what you are and once you're through it just enjoy yourself." He was right, my heartbeat was finally returning to normal. 

"It's really a funhouse for cocksuckers; the guys in the cock line only pay $5 so there is always a bunch wanting a quick, cheap blowjob away from the wife. The cock guys can just walk up to a hole and get their cock sucked. Unlike the usual small glory hole these openings in the wall are large enough for you to stick your head thru and lick his balls while he pats your head. The thing is that this is a place without games; guys who want to get sucked off don't have to romance a cocksucker. There's no need for flowers jewelry or a candlelit dinner; here it's just take your Wang out and pick the hot mouth you want to fill with cum."

He continued, "At the holes over there you're standing up while he stands on the elevated side with his crotch at your mouth level. The elevation changes over here so you have to be on your knees; I personally think a cocksucker should always kneel before a man but it's your choice." 

I could see a little better now and boy it was busy with only a few holes empty of cock with the suck boys happily slurping down cock. The wet slurping noise of cocks being serviced filled the room. Until you're an observer you don't realize just how noisy cocksucking is; the wet slosh of dripping saliva along with the occasional ughh as the server choked permeated the room and was very hot. 

"I see you've got a pink, works band. I want to get back to my hole but you should know that that corridor on the right will lead you to an area where there are men needing their ass sucked and piss play. The lockers are over there, I've got to go, and it looks like a very busy night. From six to ten is when it's busiest as the married guys sneak away for service, have fun."

I quickly stripped to my jockey shorts noting that this seemed to be the uniform of the day and locked up. I wandered over to the wall of glory holes just as a guy was pulling his cock out of his pants. I stuck my head through and he stuffed his cock into my mouth. It was only about five inches but had a big, thick cock head. I began a nice, slow suck, easily able to swallow his cock to the balls. I was at it a while when I sensed him tensing. He grabbed my head and held me rigid as he spurted cum into my mouth. That old, familiar taste, salty, sticky and thick warmed my mouth as I swallowed his load' I was rewarded with a gentle pat on the cheek as he commented, "Good boy, good cocksucker." I was proud; this was my kind of place.

I went over to the kneeling room, it was set up different. The guys entering on the "cock" side would just sit down in one of the lounge chairs all in a row and pull down their pants spreading their legs. The cocksuckers just knelt and waited in front of a chair. It was very well thought out with a heavily padded floor for the suckers comfort. This really appealed to me as I have always thought that the most submissive place for a cocksucker was on his knees before a superior cock and ready to serve. I found out later that there was a lot of competition and on really busy nights, the most talented cocksuckers often had a line waiting for service. 

I knelt before a guy in his forties, bald with a little paunch but a very nice thick cock about six inches long. As I leaned in to the hole take his cock he grabbed my mouth sticking his fingers in and pulling me towards him. "Suck boy, I want a nice blow job with a lot of tongue on my balls. When I cum I want you to slow it down and just let it flow into your mouth. After I'm done you swallow my jism and lick me clean. If you do a good job I'll fill your faggot mouth with nice, warm ball juice." He then pushed his cock into my eager, waiting mouth. 

He was a very involved guy using his hands to direct my tongue to his ball sack then lightly slapping my cheek when he wanted my mouth on his cock. There is nothing quite like a man who is experienced with how to wring the maximum pleasure out of his suck boy. It was a while but finally he told me to look at his eyes. As soon as we made eye contact he started to cum, my second load of the night. Just as he had instructed I swallowed in one gulp and began licking his crotch clean. 

As I was slurping around another guy came up and said, "Hey, Jim, how's the service?" "Not too bad Mike, how did you do?" 

"Just Ok Jim, he was a new cocksucker and needed a little adjustment to keep him concentrated on my cock. A few slaps and he forgot everything but my cock in his mouth. I actually think he was surprised when I filled his mouth with my jism. I confess it was kinda fun breaking him in.

" I finally had my man Jim's crotch as clean as if he stepped out of a shower. Another pat on the head and he left me.

I had to admit that "Jim's" forceful style appealed to me as I decided to explore a little down the dark corridor glad to have purchased the "works." The first room was the toilet room and boy was I surprised. There was a full wall with four short comfortable, padded stools arranged in front of holes in the wall just large enough for a man's head to go through. Three of the stools had cocksuckers on them with their heads into the holes. I sat down, stuck my head through and was looking at a large mirrored wall opposite me. 

Yikes, my head was in a vinyl urinal on the walls other side. I could see there were guys at two of the other urinals peeing into a cocksucker's mouth. In the other empty stall the cocksucker had his mouth open and his tongue out as a guy walked in and sauntered over. I watched as he laid his cock on the eager tongue and pissed. 

I sensed someone coming to my hole and thought quickly of getting the hell out of there but decided that I was committed and didn't want to disappoint. He fished out a soft, cut cock of about 3 inches, soft and simply laid it on my tongue then pulled back saying "I've never done this before, am I supposed to just pee or go slowly in short spurts." 

I looked at him and told him I was also new and would be relieved if he just spurted so I could get used to it. He put it on my tongue and almost instantly let out a short spurt of piss. It wasn't really unpleasant, just a very different taste, kind of a warm mountain-dew laced with just a touch of white vinegar. In any event the shear humiliation of being a man's urinal got me so hot that I was in a kind of trance. He spurted more piss but then became hard and the piss stopped. I suckled on the head of his prick and he very quickly dropped his load in my warm, pissy mouth. He had to be even newer at this than I was. When I got up there was a line-up of suck boys waiting for my stool; I wasn't the only one who thought the toilet room was the most erotic of all.

In the other corner of the "toilet room" in a large, glass enclosed shower stall there were three guys being showered by their "boys" who were busily cleaning them with foaming body wash. The guys just stood there talking while their pink bracelet helpers scrubbed and fondled. It was obvious from the hard cocks that the men and their servants were enjoying this. Just outside of the shower another "boy" toweled off his Man. Everyone sported a huge smile; this man-centric, Guy-Spa style pampering was certainly as popular as it was incredibly hot. 

I went back to the "kneeling room" and waited in front of a lounge. In a few minutes there were two guys there, the older dropped his pants, sat down and spread his legs. I started to move in but he held my head and told me what he specifically wanted.

"This is my son and I want to show him how to use a cocksucker. You'll blow me first so he can see how it goes then him. Actually I think we'll take you into the around the world room for his first suck, Ok boy?" I nodded and he pulled me into his hairy crotch.

I licked and sucked as he lightly slapped me directing my efforts to what pleased him. I could hear him telling the boy that some guys were just cocksuckers that you could use like girls to suck you off and lick your ass. He began face fucking by grabbing my head telling me to keep my hands behind my back while he pulled my head in and out going deeper each time until he punched through into my throat. He put his hand on my Adam's apple to feel my throat accommodating his prick as it punched through into my gullet. I looked up and could see that his son was mesmerized by it all.

"You see Son, keep slowly going forward a little at a time until your all in. the cocksucker will gag and choke but that's all right; it's what they were born to do, just part of the service." On that note the Dad came in my mouth just as I was gasping around the cock buried in my gullet. Some of his cum filled my mouth but as I gasped for air a lot of it went up my nose. I coughed and actually was tearing up as I tried to catch my breath but in a very strange way I was pleased with myself. I was happy servicing the guy who was showing his son the ropes.

I heard him explaining, "Look at his face son, this is a win-win thing. Sissy's like him get off on this treatment." As my breath came back to normal I agreed with him by leaning forward and licking his cockhead clean. "See Son, just what I told you."

I followed them into the "ass" room; it was to be the first for both of us. There were a number of stirrup like lounge chairs with little wells in the front so the cocksucker could actually get in and stand up as he licked his man's crotch. I had to admire the great ingenuity the owners of this place had used in the design. By making it very comfortable they insured that the ass licker could lap a guy's crack for long periods of time, ingenious. 

"Strip down Son, I'll show you the ropes. Ah, that's good, you can lay down in the lounge but I prefer to show my cocksucker just what his place is at first. Just turn around and I'll have the faggot take care of you in the classic way to start." The boy turned and as instructed by his Dad I knelt in back of him and gently licked his ass globes before I spread his cheeks and began to lick up and down his ass-crack. 

It really wasn't an effective way to service a boy's ass because no matter how hard you tried you couldn't get your tongue all the way in but it did furnish maximum humiliation. Both of us were quickly hotter than hell, the boy being serviced and me with the erotic shame of it all washing over me.

When he moved to the lounge chair his legs were spread as wide as possible and my tongue traveled from cock to asshole as my saliva flowed out of my open mouth. My tongue and nose experienced the musky, mixed taste of young balls and ass. The young subject of my service soon grabbed my head and forced his cock into my mouth just as his cum erupted from his cockhead. I gulped it down, licked him clean then thanked them both for letting me service them. 

I was exhausted but certain to return to the Funhouse and go to the cocksucker's side for sure. I now knew what I had long suspected; there was nothing in my life that would ever equal the sheer joy that servicing a strong, confident man could bring. This was my role.

Please write me with ideas and thoughts; I am very interested in how my fiction is received and welcome dialog with the readers. Direct communication by e-mail to me use story name as subject.

To Be Continued...