 This story is very true and happened not too long ago. 

I was driving my truck(wheeler) down 95 from New York heading for Miami. I hadn't been laid in a few weeks and was horny as hell and got caught in dead stop traffic due to an accident. 

I got bored at some point and just started to edge my cock through my shorts until it got dark out and I pulled it out so I could stroke it. Just outside St. Augustine fl my cb went off with someone calling out my truck number and name on side. It had caught me off guard and I froze and looked to my right and saw another trucker looking at me, well I was busted. 

I rolled down my window and we talked back and forth while sitting in traffic and he convinced me saying he could help. 

I had been curious so I agreed to get off next exit and meet him in truck stop to let him help me out I figured why not. We had both parked a few spots away from each other and he proceeded over to my rig and jumped in. 

He was a good looking guy probably mid to late thirties, tan, some ink and clean cut. 

He said get in your bunk and I'll do all the work I agreed. He pulled the shades and before I knew it his hands were rubbing my cock from outside my shorts. He eventually stuck one hand up my shorts and started to play with my balls why he undid my shorts with his mouth. He pulled down my shorts and realized I didn't have any underwear on which turned him on right away as I felt his hand stroking himself. He asked 

"you enjoying this so far?"

All I could do is nod my head yes being I was still in state of shock that this was my first time with a guy. He lifted my shirt and started kissing my stomach and worked his was down until finally he took my cock in his mouth as far as he could and started just bobbing up and down. My eyes rolled back for this was absolutely amazing. He went down a little further and started to suck on my balls and ended up having both of them in his mouth at one point. Next thing I noticed he lifted my legs up and was tonguing my ass. He then asked

"Are you ready to cum, or can you go a little bit longer?" 

I responded

"I'm good why what's up?"

"You're up and I have something you will enjoy." 

he responded with a grin ear to ear

He stood up dropped his pants and put me back in his mouth getting my cock all nice and wet. He straddled himself over me and tried to fit me inside but I was to big and he was too tight. I at this point decided it was my turn so I forced him doggy and started to rim and finger him. I figured just treat him like the girl for a little and see what happens. 

"You like being a little whore? You want me inside you?"

He started to plead

"Stick it in me I'll be a little whore all night!!"

His hole was all nice and wet now I stood up behind him and just started to tease him by sticking the tip in and pulling It right out. After a few times like that he finally cried and grabbed my ass and forced himself onto me and me all the way inside him. He yelled 

"HOLY SHIT!! Fuck me with that cock!!"

I would log slow and then speed up and just keep repeating. He finally said after moaning for a little while 

"Please cum already I want to taste it so bad."

I simply said

"Why? Are you not enjoying me inside you?"

"Yes but I want to taste you covered in me" 

"Not yet I'm liking my first time to much."

I kept sliding in and out of his tight little ass and before I knew it he had reached under both of us and had started to play with my balls and rubbing his finger around my asshole. 

It was getting really hot and I could feel myself getting ready to go. 

Just before I came I pulled out and he knew he dropped on his knees and took me deep in his mouth again. Finally I couldn't hold it anymore I grabbed the back of his head and exploded. 

After he swallowed every drop he asked if I would be interested in doing it again later that night.

Well I came three more times that night in him.