 Getting to Sitges was simplicity itself. Flew into Barcelona Airport and had to board a connecting train, followed by a local train that would travel down the coast, with Sitges being one of the stops. 

As I sat on the local train, admiring some of the breathtaking scenery that was whizzing past, I felt the anticipation and excitement starting to rise. Back home I live a fairly vanilla existence, at least to casual observers. I dress in a suit during the week and dress down to jeans and t-shirt on weekends. I live in an executive apartment in a small development where the residents really do represent a cross-section of Middle England. There's the retired banker, the entrepreneur, the surgeon and his constantly frazzled wife who is trying to juggle the needs of their three children. So, about to disembark at a town with a significant gay (albeit seasonal) population, staying at a gay hotel in the heart of wall-to-wall gay bar's and clubs is a luxury I simply don't have back home and the thought was making my heart race. Whilst I am here I can ditch all the usual conservatism and professional image and I can let loose, wear skimpy beachwear and openly eye guys on the street without fear of being beaten up! Ok, so residents of gay-centric zones in places like Brighton may be saying 'big deal', but it really was to me.

I managed not to miss my stop, and walking out of the station onto the winding road leading to Sitges centre, it became obvious that whilst there were females around, the men outweighed them in numbers by some distance. I should say now for those not familiar with Sitges, that whilst it has one of the most vibrant gay centres in a holiday destination, the entire town is NOT exclusively gay. Only part of it. And that was a part I was dying to get to. 

Walking through more narrow streets, I lost my bearings and considered re-tracing my steps, when I noticed a sign further down the street which indicated the location of my hotel. By this time the excitement on the train had been replaced by a desire to get settled, get into sunshine clothes and get out for an explore. 

I had decided when booking to pay extra so I could be in the heart of the action, so picked one of the main gay hotspot hotels available. Some years ago I had taken the same approach in Amsterdam, and had a torrid time with a hotel that was clearly only 'premium' due to location but had rude staff and poky, seedy rooms. This wasn't the case here. I strode out on the balcony and surveyed the scene... to my right was a main 'square' with bars, cafes and outside seated areas, to my left were a string of smaller bars lining the street and immediately opposite was a whitewashed building which I assumed was a leather or fetish bar, called 'Bukkake'. I didn't want to waste time, so undressed, took a quick shower and threw on some denim shorts, a tank-top and a hat, grabbed my small ruck-sack and went out for a walk.

Venturing out of the hotel, it was clear that most of the bars were either shut or very quiet at this time of day, so I walked down through a couple of short streets until I reached the sea-front. Sitges has a wide promenade stretching along the main beaches, and these were absolutely rammed with sun worshippers. Everywhere I looked there were gay guys, couples holding hands as they walked down the promenade, couples laughing and chinking glasses outside the bars. It was a world away from what I am used to, and it felt very liberating. Standing at the entrance to the main 'gay' beach (there is a mixed beach further along) I suddenly felt very fat and pale as bronzed bodies paraded around and sexy young guys were laid out on thousands of beach-towels. Now, one of my worries about coming would be if the general population were too young, fit and athletic as I am quite the opposite, and am attracted mostly to men who look like men, flaws and all. Seeing the scene in front of me brought that worry back I must admit.

Sitges beachfront is book-ended at either end by two nude beaches. One I had read about and really fancied trying, as it is very secluded and has a lot of action in an adjacent wood however it is quite some distance on foot, and difficult to navigate to once there according to the web. Now, the remoteness is clearly what makes it such a hot proposition, but I simply don't have time today to sample it. What I can do is go to the 'other' nude beach at a place called 'Balmins', which is mixed but with a gay area on one side. It was a bit of a walk, but nothing too arduous so I made my way up past the pretty church and back down the other side, until I could spot a beach which wasn't hard to identify from a distance as a nudist one.

I walked down the path towards the beach, turned right at the entrance and walked across the hot sand for a few minutes until I was clearly in the gay 'zone'. Laying my towel from my rucksack out on the ground, I started removing my clothes. I've been naked around multiple men many times, but this felt rather awkward, as I felt many sets of eyes boring into the bumbling, pale-as-a-ghost middle-aged guy trying, and failing, to gracefully get undressed. Laying down on the towel I once again surveyed the scene. Things were clearly quieting down by now, but there was still a lot of eye candy on show, and thankfully not all gym-addicts and twinks! 

Far from being aroused in the cock department, I managed to stay flaccid - out of nerves more than anything, which was a relief as no-one else seemed to be getting up to anything overtly sexual. I laid there for a while, enjoying the sensation of the warm late afternoon sun on my skin, vowed to myself I would return when it is busier, and decided to head back to the hotel.

I'm not here for a traditional holiday, so my intention all along has been to focus on the sex hence I had no intention of wandering around during the early evening when the bars and restaurants are heaving full of loving couples and families. My plan was to get some rest at the hotel room, freshen up and then head out at about 10pm, have a couple of glasses of dutch courage in the square and then see what fun is to be had...

I'm a stickler for preparation, probably more so than many, and I spent some time doing this prior to venturing out. I showered, shaved my chest and balls, douched my arse until the water ran clear, lubed myself generously and then used a small butt-plug I had brought with me to ensure I was 'stretched' enough to avoid injury should the opportunity to be fucked arise. I pulled on a jock-strap and some board shorts and selected a very summery button-up shirt and I was good to go.

10 o'clock came and I sauntered down to the pavement cafe in the square, sat on a spare seat in amongst the sea of men dotted around the tables lining the street and ordered a beer, followed by second one. I'd also vowed not to eat after mid-afternoon to avoid the need for a toilet break late on, and this had the side effect of allowing the cold lager to go straight to my head. Feeling nicely buzzed, I stood up and headed straight for a bar I had spotted on arrival - the 'Bears Bar'. 

Climbing the steps to the bar, I walked through the door and was immediately aghast as the place was completely empty aside from a barman polishing glasses. I beat a hasty retreat and came to the conclusion that even 10pm was a little too early for action in these parts! 

After another beer at the pavement cafe, it was now 11.30 so headed back to the 'Bear Bar' which thankfully this time was much busier. I ordered a bottled beer and quickly found my way to the area at the back of the premises partitioned from the main bar by some camouflage netting. My first surprise was that it was a lot lighter in there than expected as I had envisaged an almost pitch-black area. That said, the seedy-atmosphere was perfect - there was a short corridor running through the main play area, with a communal area, a sling and several small dark 'cubby holes' also hidden behind more camouflage netting. 

A few patrons were milling around, so I put my beer down and entered one of the dark cubby holes. Once in there, I could see an older guy standing completely naked whilst another couple of guys were hanging around in the shadows. I leant against the wall, undid the buttons on the front of my shirt and undid my shorts and slid them down, no sooner doing so I could feel the guys in the room gravitate towards me. 

The older guy knelt down, pulled my jock-strap down at the front and started sucking my fast-growing cock whilst playing with my smooth balls with his hand. While he was busy giving me head, another guy leant over and starting sucking and nibbling on my nipple, whilst the same guy's hand moved down over my bare arse eventually pushing at least one finger deep inside me. There is, I believe a myth that men make better lovers because they know what turns a man on more than a woman does however if that is the case, this guy certainly didn't get the memo. He was jabbing his finger in and out of my arse so violently that I was instinctively pushing my hips forward to lessen the force. I clearly didn't want to cum yet, so took the opportunity to reach down, pull my shorts back up and move back to the bar area to finish my drink. As is customary in these situations, not a word was spoken.

Keen to try out some other places, I then headed to a more trendy bar a few doors down. The doorman fitted me with a glow tube on my wrist. That should have been all the warning I needed that this place wasn't my kind of venue! It was all pumping house music and twinks as far as the eye could see. It had, in common with most places here, a backroom also but this one was more brightly lit than the Bear Bar, and looked spick-and-span in a way that for someone hunting for some seedy action, didn't push any buttons. I knocked back my drink and went straight back to the Bear Bar to plan my next move.

This time it was even busier than before. I pretty much headed straight for the backroom, and things were really starting to heat up. I went into a dark area near the sling, and an older guy followed me in. I kissed him passionately and started to unbutton my shirt and drop my shorts again. He took out his good sized cock, at a guess I'd say at least 8 inches, and I bent down to suck him - the dance music soundtrack and alcohol making it an immersive experience in more ways than one, as I attempted to deep throat his full length. I eventually stood back up, and he turned me around, pushed on my upper back to bend me forward, and slowly pushed his rock-hard cock into my lubed arse. I could see others walking past the entrance and taking a peek at the action I was involved in, but as there were plenty of others in the room there was plenty of fun to go round so nobody stayed watching for long.

He pulled out after some minutes of thrusting, and pushed me down towards his cock, clearly wanting me to finish him off with my mouth, which I obliged him with. I felt his hot cum hitting the back of my throat, and sucked and licked his length and made sure he was completely clean before extracting my head from his crotch. He patted the back of my head, leant down and kissed me before disappearing back into the bar area. 

Feeling like I needed some fresh air, I left the bar and decided to walk down the sea-front. I had read about an area on the beach, just underneath the promenade which is the 'official' Sitges cruising area so was keen to take a look. 

Walking past the gay beach, I was dismayed to see a number of Spanish teenagers, both male and female, congregated there, playing music and running around shouting. There was no chance whatsoever of any action and felt that maybe the description of it as a 'cruising' area was over-egged. I needn't have worried however, as continuing down the beach towards the mixed area, I spotted some furtive figures just below the promenade near the stacked sun-loungers and veranda frames. I walked down onto the sand and joined the silent shadowy figures milling around. 

Without warning, I felt a hand stroke my crotch and could just about make out a guy near the wall reaching out. I stopped and walked towards him, he undid my shorts and dropped to his knees so he could suck me off. As he was busy sucking, my eyes which by now had become more accustomed to the darkness, could make out a guy being fucked about 20 feet away, and thought I would suggest us doing the same thing so gently put my hand under his arm to indicate he should stand up. Unfortunately, I think the guy felt my pulling him back up was a signal to stop, as he shuffled off rather briskly. Disappointed, I considered trying to join in the fucking action nearby, but decided instead to head back to the bar area. Whilst I usually get turned on by cruising outdoors, I'm much more used to it whereas the bars felt like a different kind of proposition that I needed to explore further. Plus I needed another drink by now!

Back on the main drag, I elected to try the XXL Bar. This is mentioned online as being one of the top cruise bars in town, so it was definitely on my to-do list. The ground floor of the bar was packed with people, it had a dance floor and DJ and felt just like any nightclub I had been in over the years. I bought a drink from the bar, and noticed a lot of people walking up the large staircase near the door. Figuring this is likely to be the cruisy part of the place, I went to check it out. 

Now the XXL dark area is unlike any of the other darkrooms I had seen. For a start, it wasn't a room. At the top of the stairs were toilets, but the main attraction seemed to be a corridor that ran around in a square from the toilets and back to the landing near the stairs. I had a sinking feeling about this, as I couldn't imagine how this would work, and the lack of private little cubby-holes or places to 'lurk' spelt anything other than 'action' in my book. 

I tried to walk down the corridor, which was VERY dark, but couldn't make it far due to it being crammed full of people, some moving slowly around the corridor, some stood at the sides of the corridor, and some clearly on their knees playing in the middle where you needed to walk. I couldn't see a thing and was feeling the stress rising. Eventually I managed to make it a few feet into the darkness, and instantly felt a few pairs of hands on me. One was putting their hands up my shirt, another was frantically trying to undo my shorts. I helped the guy undo things, and I could feel the wetness of a mouth engulf my cock. The guy with the hands up my shirt was now thrusting his tongue into my mouth, and I could feel yet another guy start to finger my arse. All the time, others were slowly trying to push past to move down the corridor - now I was the guy blocking access! Eventually as one mouth moved away from my penis, it was replaced with another one. Another set of hands, were stroking my stomach, chest, nipples followed by another, and another. I don't know if it was the pitch darkness, or the alcohol catching up to me, but it felt like I was floating in a sea of hands and mouths. I felt at least one but possibly two cocks enter my arse as well during all this time. No-one came though, it seemed to all be about reaching into the unknown for a moment or two of pleasure and then moving on. 

Time felt like it was standing still, but all the while I was edging further and further around the corridor. Eventually, I emerged at the other end, onto the landing near the stairs and toilet. I don't know exactly but I reckon I had been in the corridor for at least 45 minutes. I stood at the top of the stairs and took a huge breath, shorts and jock-strap still around my ankles, shirt wide open and no-one, absolutely NO-ONE batted an eyelid.

I was on a high but it was very late by this time, and a final jaunt into the Bears Bar looked like it was going to be fruitless. It had emptied out and it looked like they were getting ready to close. I quickly nipped into the back room, and there was only one muscular guy hanging around. It didn't take long for me to have yet another mouth sucking me off, although after a while I decided to take over control by masturbating myself to climax. The guy wanted me to come in his mouth, so as I felt the orgasm coming near, I pulled his head into my crotch, pushing my cock deep inside his warm mouth, arched my back and let out a loud groan as I shot what felt like gallons of thick, hot cum down the guys throat. He wiped his mouth with the back of his hand, looked up at me, smiled and winked. 

I certainly slept well that night.