 Nate had no idea where Derek was taking him but that was fine with him. He stared out his window at how the world had changed. Buildings were taller, cars were sleeker and more exotically shaped and the world had become a brighter place. Today the weather was milder and though the sky was heavy with clouds it seemed to be withholding the usual torrential deluge. Nate was thankful for it. He didn't want anything to ruin the day that he and Derek would spend together. 

Their first stop was at Starbucks where Derek picked them up some fancy, as far as Nate was concerned, sandwiches and coffee that blew his mind. They then continued their little tour as Derek took him to the local malls showing him the newest in gadgetry and even picking him up a cellphone to keep in contact. Afterwards Derek took Nate for his first 3D movie. Derek laughed at the look of amazement on Nate's face and watched him reach out in attempt to touch the contents of the screen.

As morning blended into afternoon Derek took Nate towards their last stop - the Seattle Space Needle. 

The Space Needle towered in the sky, looking like some forgotten extra-terrestrial device that had been left behind. After parking they snuck around the back of the building and Derek teleported them to the top of the building. Once there they sat with their legs dangling over the edge eating their sandwiches, cloaked in Derek's Indiscernibility Spell.

"So how are you enjoying Seattle in 2014?" Derek asked.

"Like I said, it's certainly different. You know, I have never left Texas before now. The world seemed so much smaller. Now I'm in a different state with a male witch," he laughed. "Something I can tell you is that, right now, there's no place I'd rather be."

"Me neither," said Derek with a slight smile on his face.

***

We watched the sun sink in the sky and the people below scurrying about on the pavement. It was nice being here with him. I had never felt it before. He was the only person I had ever felt attuned to and yet he didn't belong here. He was from a different place and time. No, I had to send him back. 

"Come on, let's head back home," I said. 

As I got up from the ledge I tripped over my own feet, I'm clumsy like that, and just as I was about to slip off the edge I felt a strong arm grip mine and suddenly I was pressed against his powerful chest, encased in his arms. I could hear his heart beating through his chest and I could smell him, Nate's smell, the smell of pine needles and him that made me go lightheaded. He looked down into my eyes as he held me, his arms pulling me closer to him. I could feel the rippling muscles beneath his clothes as he ran his hands over my back. He moved his head a fraction of an inch towards mine and then released me, smilingly. 

And I could breathe again. I wasn't sure whether the breathlessness came from that moment of sexual tension or my nearly plunging to death from Seattle's most popular landmark.

I sat down again, as far away from the edge as I could, and took some deep breaths. Nate stood over me for a while, silently watching, and then held his hand out towards me. I took it and launched myself up, a bit more carefully this time. 

"Come on, Houdini. Let's get you back on solid ground," he said. 

I teleported us back to the ground. We walked to the car and drove back in silence. The sun was setting when we got back home. It started drizzling as I switched the ignition off. He took my hand and I looked into his deep brown eyes. 

"Thank you for today," Nate said.

His hand moved slowly up my arm, tracing the skin lightly getting closer and closer to my face. I felt my skin erupt into Goosebumps. He cupped my cheek with his strong hands and gently ran his thumb over my lips. He leaned towards me and I felt my heart trying to beat its way out of my chest. His face came closer to mine. I could feel his breath on my face. He grabbed the back of my neck and pushed his lips against mine. As cliché as may sound, I felt fireworks erupting inside me. I leaned into him and felt myself melting into his touch as he ran his hands through my hair gently pulling me closer to him. 

Nothing else mattered in this moment, just him and me. We existed in isolation, merging into each other. He released me and for the second time today I found myself breathless. He gave me another peck on the lips and then winked at me, giving me an adorable side smirk. 

"Let's get back inside before you parents wonder where we are," he said as he brushed my face with his hand. 

*** 

After supper with the parents Nate went back to his room and me to mine. I dissolved into my bed, face first. I can't believe he's gay and that he likes me. A shiver ran down my spine as I brought the memories of the car back to mind. 

As I lay down in my post-kiss hypnotic trance Gwen barged into my room for the second time that day. I sighed internally, here it goes again. 

"So," she thrilled, "How was your little day date?"

"Amazing," I replied dreamily. I was thinking about his touch on my skin. I think this is what love feels like.

"Is that all I get, one word? Come on, dish."

"I can definitely say for sure that he's gay," I said, laughing.

"What? Tell me more! I've been waiting for this day for so long!"

"There's not much to tell. We kissed and it was incredible," I said, smiling.

"I'm not going to get anything out of you when you're like this. Enjoy your little day dream. Tomorrow I expect details," she said, as she got up tossed her hair and left. 

And enjoy it I did. I fell asleep thinking of him.

***

I woke up startled. Someone was in my room, in my bed. It was Nate. I felt my shoulders relax as he pulled me towards him. "Shhh," he whispered. I was only too ready to comply. He sat up and pulled his shirt off and lifted my arms and did the same to me, both shirts landing on the floor beside my bed. For the first time, I actually looked at him and took in his body. Moonlight shone through the window illuminating his sturdy shoulders, full pectorals and well defined abs. His chest was covered with a light dusting of golden hair that darkened and narrowed at it descended, disappearing under the waistband of his jeans. 

He looked at me with his deep brown eyes, taking in my body as well. He rolled me onto my back with his body resting over mine. He leaned down towards me and kissed me, not gentle and tender like before, this kiss was fuelled with passion. Again, I felt myself submitting to him as he grabbed my face in his strong, callused hands. He ravaged my mouth and lips with his sultry tongue. He moved his lips away from my mouth laying soft kisses on my cheek, jaw and neck. When he reached my neck he delved in, sucking on the delicate flesh there. I felt my body react to his. My heart was pounding and I shivered with pleasure. 

I ran my hands down his sinewy back, muscles hard earned for working the ranch. I loved the feel of his naked chest against mine. After his onslaught on my neck was over (I was definitely going to have a bruise tomorrow) his head moved lower as he lightly kissing his way down my pectorals. His thumbs brushed my nipples and his head dipped again, encircling them in turn with his hot mouth. He looked up at me, as if he were asking for permission. I nodded lightly and then he started removing my jeans. After my jeans and boxers were unceremoniously removed he grabbed my throbbing member in his rough hands. As he ran his hands up and down he leaned forward to kiss me again, probing my mouth with his tongue while his other hand pulled me by the hair towards him. 

I circled my arms around his neck and pushed my tongue into his mouth, tasting him. I pushed him back, feeling his strong chest as I pushed him down, straddling his narrow hips. I lifted his arm and delved into his armpit. I felt faint as I breathed him in, letting the scent of man wash over me. I nibbled and licked his underarm while my other hand nimbly twisted his right nipple. He gasped and I raised my head and kissed him again, grinding against his jeans as he traced my spine lightly with his fingers. 

I slid down his body, sweeping my tongue over his exposed skin until I reached his waist. I unbuttoned his jeans and pulled them off. I looked at him as I rubbed his growing erection through his boxers. I pulled them down and took him into my mouth, swirling my tongue around his engorged head. He groaned softly as I started to take him into my mouth. 

***

Nate had never felt pleasure like this before. He'd had sex with a few girls back home to avoid any scandal but this moment with Derek was infinitely more special. He ran his hands through Derek's raven black hair and grabbed it as he came. Derek had swallowed most of his load when Nate pulled him up, chest to chest, and gave him a long lingering kiss. He lightly stroked Derek's soft skin and thighs and whispered in his ear, "Now, it's your turn."

Nate rolled them over, plastering his lips to Derek's as he reached down and brought the other man to climax. Derek was gasping for air when Nate turned onto his back. Derek draped his arm around Nate's sculpted chest and rested his head on Nate's shoulder. He softly kisses the skin he found there. 

"I think I love you," whispered Derek. 

Nate tilted Derek's chin upwards and tenderly kissed his smooth lips. 

"I love you too," breathed Nate. He wrapped his arm around Derek's head, stroking his silky hair as they both let sleep take them. 

***

I researched magical methods of time travel extensively for the following two weeks. They were happy weeks. Nate and I grew closer and closer every day. I finally found the answer, a de-summoning spell, but I wasn't sure whether I was ready to let him go yet.