 This story's events are fictional - the setting isn't.

Will -

Pedaling in what passed for early morning coolness near La Manga, Will didn't have any problem with kicked up dust on the gravel road leading to the beach. Unlike the evening before, riding to check out the beaches of the regional park. The trip had not only been challenging in terms of hills and road surface, but the dust had been quite heavy at times as a stream of cars passed by. Well, stream might be an overstatement, he thought, as generally it had been 4 or 5 at a time.

When he had reached the beach around 6pm, he noticed the parking areas were still quite full, with as many cars arriving as leaving. Though he knew the Spanish followed a different rhythm, he hadn't seriously thought that so many people would be arriving in the evening. Carrying the bike down the upraised cut wood path to the flat beach, he was surprised to see though that beach was full, it was not really crowded.

The ride had been planned to simply see the park's beaches at the start of his vacation, explaining why he hadn't brought anything except water and a small towel. A number of people had told him beforehand to keep water handy in Spain, and following this dusty ride, heeding that advice paid amply rewards while rinsing his mouth. Enjoying the still cool water, he quenched his thirst under the no longer ferociously hot sun in a glorious blue sky.

He left the bike chained to a post, then walked down to the wide and white beach, his shadow starting to lengthen as the sun slowly settled. The water looked inviting, even if the sand was still too hot to comfortably walk on barefoot, as he had discovered when taking off his sandals a good 20 yards before the tide line, putting them back on hastily.

Reaching the water's edge, he took off his sandals, deciding to turn right to walk along the shore. Taking a fairly slow pace, he noticed families, topless women, often in groups, and a surprising number of preganant women, generally in fairly skimpy bikinis. Though more than a few of these women were also topless, with larger and darker aerolas making their enlarged breasts more prominent, something he found quite attractive in a surprisingly sexual way. Paying more attention to the pregnant women, especially the Spanish, if various traits provided a reliable guide in making a judgment, he found them unbelievably sexy, with a clear pride in how attractive a mother to be's body truly was. And the number of tied bikini bottoms among the pregnant women was a feast for the eye, preserving a certain modesty, while provoking speculation on the part of any man interested of just how arousing their pregnancy swelled and darkened pussy lips would look.

An interest he found himself increasingly speculating about, though Will had thought to this point his viewing had been well within the bounds of good taste. Including the couple of times he noticed a woman with her legs widely spread, sitting casually or laying down. And yes, when he noticed just how thin the covering over a woman's pussy lips was, he quickly moved his glance in another direction, though it took some effort. A real effort in the couple of cases when the fabric was actually between the women's labia, covering only the final pink moistenness between them.

Especially in light of how the women themselves seemed to be enjoying their own time in the sun. In general, the intent behind tying off bikini tops so that both strings were below the shoulder seemed to be for tanning, but it also offered a generally full side view of a woman's breasts, particularly how they hung and moved. And the number of women sunning with what seemed to be candyfloss thongs showing off their browning ass cheeks was much higher than the number to be seen standing or swimming. After some thought, a pragmatic reason became clear, as he saw a couple of women carefully position their suit bottoms before laying out in the sun, often with tops undone or discarded. A reason that also explained the number of women showing themselves off while laying stretched out on the sand, many of them clearly enjoying the chance. The reason for tied bikini bottoms with pregnant women appeared equally pragmatic, upon a bit of reflection - the bikinis still fit well, at least when the side ties were long enough to handle a certain increase in size.

As Will continued to walk, he noted a certain thinning in the middle of the second half of what was a long, somewhat divided beach - a jutting black rock formation went down virtually to the sea, with at most a couple of yards of sand separating water from rock. Walking past this narrowed stretch and gazing down what was in effect a second beach, he saw a couple of naked pairs, both later middle aged. Looking a bit more carefully at them, Will saw one pair was clearly browned deeply and evenly all over, while the other was whiter under the customary places for bathing suits.

Striding on, it was impossible not to realize that after another 50 yards or so, everyone at that end of the beach was nude, a fact which didn't make him uncomfortable, exactly, but emphasized a bit more of how he was a complete stranger here. Leading to a certain decision, as he took off his clothes, and left his things in a pile on the sand, to keep going further down the beach. As the sun continued to sink deeper in the cloudless sky, the heat of the day was beginning to fade, if only in a technical sense. This way, he could enjoy the water while still drying off enough walking back to his bike, to avoid being even more coated in the inevitable dust when leaving.

The waves were not particularly large, and as Will walked into the water, there was a surprisingly deep divide with a strong current between the shore and the relatively broad sandbar. Standing on it, then turning to his left, he started to walk in the barely ankle deep water, looking around at the scenery. Above and behind the shore was a large looming mountain with a rock face, essentially a rounded cliff from its peak for what seemed a hundred yards or more straight down. At the other end of the beach, less than a quarter of mile away, was another set of black rocks, much like the ones that had divided the beach before. This formation also lined the end of the beach, providing some shallow caves which were generally filled with sand, likely containing things better left undisturbed.

Having a lot of experience on Atlantic beaches, Will kept a good amount of attention on the waves as he waded out deeper. Such an ingrained habit was also helpful in avoiding staring at anything too long, as he began to consciously realize just how mild the Mediterranean Sea was. Reaching the outer edge of the sandbank, the lift and fall of the waves was quite noticeable as the rolled on, without ever really breaking, much like Florida's Atlantic beaches.

Enjoying the feel of the ocean against his naked skin, Will kept walking, aided by the fairly strong undertow flowing in his direction. A direction which soon presented a dilemma, as a couple was also together along the wave line, and it was easy to imagine that they were doing more than merely hugging each other. Angling off, he was fairly successful in not staring, in part because little was to be seen of the pair but their heads and shouldertops, though he could hear them, and the soft moans were quite arousing, with a bit of imagination of what may have been causing them. He was glad that the water covered his now swelling cock, even as its growing interest tempted him to remain in place to enjoy what was happening in public. Nonetheless, this wasn't quite public in most senses, so he kept on walking in the chest high water, occasionally having to spring up to clear a larger swell..

Before he reached the end of the beach where black rocks curled out for several yards into the water, he passed several other couples, including one that seemed to be two men. None were as vocal as the first encounter, though a seemingly drunken pair was quite a bit more explicit. Both were a bit chubby, appearing to be later middle aged, the woman's long black hair quite thick. Her hands were gripped on his arms, leaning herself back at an angle against the incoming swells. Her large breasts, with tightly crinkled nipples, generally remained above the sparkling water, while her legs around his waist were often obscured by the swirls of the waves. Her heavy breathing was not really possible to hear, though it apparent watching her body moving in the ocean's rhythm against her lover's cock.

Will kept moving, trying to maintain a certain sense of personal decorum, not being too overt in staring at the sight of the couple fucking, her breasts rolling with each rise in the water, riding to the end of the man's cock, even as Will's own cock grew hard at what was happening so tantalizingly close.

After a few more minutes of walking, Will reached the end of the beach, the sun clearly setting, the shadows on the various rocks growing quite dark. Deciding that speed in getting back to his bike was in order, as riding in the dust and the dark on a narrow gravel road was an unappealing combination, Will left the water to quickly walk along the very edge of the tideline. The air was still hot, and though the water had been refreshing, it had never really been that cool. The number of people he had noticed before on the beach remained seemingly unchanged, even in the individual beachgoers had changed. Particularly the number of pregnant women had reduced itself to just a couple.

When walking back, he noticed several groups of naked people going in the opposite direction, most notably several threesomes, two women with one man. Most of the naked women he had seen were shaved, though often a thin stripe of generally trimmed pubic hair could be seen, almost always of black hair. What drew his attention was that the men were unshaved, and how their generally wetly black pubic hair framed their cocks so sexily, a thought which surprised him, realizing that he was spending more time looking at the man than either naked woman with him. And that his cock was tingling ever more demandingly the more he looked at those other men's cocks.

Mike -

Having been in Spain almost a week, Mike thought he had begun to understand its schedule, at least roughly. The nights and mornings were not as hot as the days, but the main difference was the sun, not the temperature - odd as that struck him. Luckily, the bungalow they had rented at the campground was air-conditioned, or even with his mid-Atlantic childhood, he would have died sweltering in bed at night. The times people went to the beach were also different from that of the mid-Atlantic. By now, he finally thought that he had learned to use that knowledge to his advantage when going to the beach. The regional park had nice beaches, but the gravel roads snaking over hills and ravines wasn't very easy to drive, at least when traffic was coming the other way. Some of the narrow sections were quite narrow, not really passable by two vehicles going in opposite directions simultaneously.

The dust was not a real problem in the car, though Mike had noticed a couple of struggling bicyclists over the last couple of days - only one had seemed to know how to use a bandanna to filter out the worst of the dust, yesterday afternoon. He and his wife had been leaving the beach, because even if the Spanish found the beach in mid-afternoon too hot in the sun, he certainly didn't. Which had led to the logical conclusion that going right after lunch around noon meant that the route and parking was uncrowded, with plenty of beach to enjoy. Which had turned out to be true yesterday, so now, he had decided to go a step further, leaving for the beach around 7:30am. The beach never really cooled off, making an early opportunity to go swimming inviting, even if wife shared his opinion.

And he had been able to do a bit of shopping - a cheap 2.50 euro insulated bag, not to mention a number of 1.5 liter mineral water bottles being frozen in rotation in the bungalow's fridge - they didn't condense too much in the dry heat, and melting fairly quickly, provided a fairly constant supply of fresh ice cold water over hours. Along with a bag of toasted almonds - the saltiness was perfect while enjoying the beach. Simplicity was s virtue when enjoying nature, a philosophy some found difficult to appreciate. But one naturists shared, at least in his experience over 15 years.

This morning, he had left the campground carrying little more than a towel, the cooler bag with ice water and almonds, some suntan lotion, and a day old newspaper. Such light travelling made the car ride itself seem excessive, but was easy alone on a naturist beach, as the end of this park's longest beach most certainly was. A fact he had noticed on their first visit here several days ago. Once it became clear that this section was in fact textile free, he had taken off his shorts, holding them in his hand as he walked along the far end of the sandbar, enjoying the crashing waves, the result of a rare and now dying August windstorm. The waves had been so tempting to enjoy, he had abandoned his normal standard of never body surfing nude. Since the waves never really ended on a beach then, it wasn't the same as the French nude beach at Hossegor, where one particularly memorable wave had engraved certain impressions on his memory about the wisdom of riding waves without some strategically positioned material, especially when the beach had a strip of small stones and ground shells where the waves crashed.

This morning, as he could see from above on the hill where the road cut down to the beach, the waves were no longer really breaking, even if the swells still occasionally produced a wave approaching a few feet in height. The beach and parking lot appeared empty, which didn't surprise him in the least at this point, reflecting the normal Spanish schedule. He parked near the end of the smooth and surprisingly well made wooden walkway, and grabbed his stuff. Considering that he passed a bike rider maybe 800 yards back (a good 100 of the yards being a steep drop), he wouldn't really be alone, no hindrance to enjoying the beach nude. Though he had slowed the car down a bit, to try and keep the dust down for the rider.

Walking the beach till its deceptive end, it looked calm enough to walk around the rocks in the sea, as the sandbar continued on in the clear water, leading to a fairly broad, if pocket sized, cove, with black rock rising up from the sandy strip. The area wasn't really private, but it had an intimate feel, and at least in the morning, the sun was streaming warmth and light, unlike in the later afternoon, when parts of this area would sink into deep shadow. And it was exclusively used by nudists, at least all the other times he had walked by. This morning, unsurprisingly empty, the ocean's calmness was a bit disappointing, if not really unexpected. The first day had been really a pleasant surprise, not only for the waves, but also the discovery of a nudist part of the beach.

Mike still had lighter skin in the area his suit normally covered after a week in Spain, though not too extreme - he had been able to enjoy several opportunities to swim and tan at a local nudist lake before leaving on this trip, so stripping off his shorts for an hour that first day hadn't really been too much of a concern - nothing would sunburn that shouldn't, with a bit of reasonable caution. And over the following next couple of days, he been able to add a bit of tan so spending a couple of hours in the sun without worry had become realistic. Another simplification, leading to more time along the shore or in the saltwater. One of the major attractions to swimming nude in his eyes was the utter simplicity involved, at least after developing a good tan.  

Talking to an employee of the information center of the park a couple of days ago, he had asked about the nudists at the far end, and been told that on a Spanish beach, clothing was not legally required, and being nude was perfectly legal. Of course, a certain amount of taste was assumed by both sides of what remained a social, if not exactly legal, issue. Nonetheless, the legal framework was clear - nudists on a beach were not breaking laws of any type, having every right to enjoy the sun and surf without clothing. Sex in public was essentially unacceptable, she added, falling under the category of good taste more than actual police enforcement. After learning this, enjoying the nude part of the beach was an unexpected pleasure, considering Mike had thought he would have to forego one of summer's simplest delights while travelling.

Will -

Deciding that the best way to beat the dust meant leaving early, Will had done a bit of shopping the evening before at a fairly large store on a beach along a seaside stretch of multistory hotels/apartments. Where people were still enjoying the beach at 9pm, though no women were topless, much less any nude people walking along the shoreline, especially men. A thought which sent a jolt through him, recognizing just how seductively the previously hidden the idea had woven itself into his desires, actually. The store sold cooled beer, and Will had bought an eight pack of San Miguel, and thought about buying a truly tasteless souvenir for a friend - a die where each of the six faces showed a different sexual position. On the plus side, the cube itself was of solid wood that had been well cut and smoothed. On the minus side, the tackiness was inescapable, if perhaps part of its charm. Turning it in his hand did provoke certain idle fantasies of using it with that friend during the long wait for just a couple of people to leave the register, though putting it back when buying the beer.

He had placed the beer in his place's refrigerator, not trusting to try the freezer - this morning, the beer was cold enough when he wrapped it in his beach towel. Fastening the bundle to the bike on the rear rack, he rode quickly along the road, and realized that the Spanish drivers he encountered were completely familiar with sharing the road.. Riding in the rapidly rising heat, the sun rising over the ridge of the park, it dawned on Will the beer's coldness wasn't going to last long. Creating a certain tension with the truth that when he first hit the beach, the beer would be at its coldest, and also at its most pressurized, following a quick ride down to the beach. Today, to be taken a lot faster than last time, now that he knew the road's surface and route. This included the idea of hopping on the wood walkway to coast easily down to the sea's edge, rolling over the narrow gaps between what certainly numbered over several hundred planks.

Leaving around 7:15am, growing pleased at how well his predictions were working out, till being passed along the concrete paved stretch through a couple of ravines. No traffic had meant no dust, and at least this time when passed, the road was decently surfaced, the car even paying attention to passing with a polite buffer at a reasonable speed - Spanish drivers obviously making a distinction between the civilized rules of paved driving, and the novelty of being on a dirt road. The route hadn't been bad this morning, particularly considering the minimal amount of dust, even if popping a beer open right at the sand seemed like a good way to clean his mouth.

The beer hadn't made the towel damp, mush less wet, another indication of both his speed in reaching the beach, the ride being a bit hotter than expected even at a good clip, and how dry the air was. The mountain face above the beach was gorgeously illuminated, and apart from the single car in the parking lot, there was no evidence of anyone else enjoying what seemed to be mid-morning, the wonderfully bright blue of the sky stretching out over the greenish-blue ocean. Walking his bike toward the side he thought for nudists, he noted that the entire beach was empty except for the driver of the car, who had spread out a towel near the rocks at the far end of the nudist stretch, wading out on the parallel sandbar without clothing. Who wasn't as tanned where a bathing suit would normally cover the skin, though he obviously did spend some time in the sun without clothing, a reassuring thought when local customs weren't explicitly known to a traveller.
