 Peter says:-

I adore being spanked if it is especially giving pleasure to my spankee. It stings of course but there is a certain divisor when the hurt can be made pleasurable when you have an experienced spankee like I do in Sir. His real name is Danny but that is how I must address him when he sessions me.

And when the hurt becomes intense, a little stroking and spoiling numbs my bum and I lament being leant steep over my spanker's lap so the he can get the full access of me. Occasionally though, for good measure he spanks me over one knee and sometimes too; across the arm of his huge leather bound settee. I am at his mercy and often he gags me with my own soiled underwear which serves to stifle my cries.

Danny loves to give me his regular spanking before a customary fucking which is nice. He takes me from the rear, directly after spanking when my bum is numb, and his balls slap against my rear which is nice too.

He sticks his fingers between my ridge stretches my bum cheeks apart and prods me there, making me moist. then he sniffs them to breathe in my scent, then tastes them to taste me.

He then tells me I have been cooped up enough and my mounds need some freedom and fresh air after having been confined in my skin tight jeans, which he initially prefers me to wear for spanking.

It is really nice feeling him strip me. He grunts that he adores that certain feeling he derives in his crotch spanking and sniffing me and touching and me. Then, once again, he instructs me to bend over his lap so he can venture the pleasure of my perfect rear some more and add a little more in line of the punishment mode. This time across bare ass which he really loves to explore and touch up before he refreshes the punishment, this time with the sole of his leather slipper.

I have to confess I instigated our spanking mode. Whether it derived from my childhood when my mother used to spank me for being naughty I don't know. Danny and I met a year ago and our relationship soon developed into a very passionate affair. I loved and adored him and still do, except now the passion has become more infectious and stimulating because, being spanked and beaten makes Danny so very hot and aggressive. I was wary about asking him to cane me one day just after we'd share a wonderful mutual oral experience which was always so lovely. It was like I belonged to Danny and his every use of my body made me feel so much more part of him and comfortable. I felt absolutely wanted and loved. Thinking back I laughed when the first time he used a cane on me, and after the first few lashes it snapped, he was so very concerned that he had overshot the mark. But it was fine and I told him so. My bum was tender and not geared up for the sudden beating, but I wanted that and told Danny quite specifically. But what made that day perfect, and that was even before the fucking afterwards, because he had lost himself spanking me and his concentration so very deep I knew he liked what he was doing, and was not just doing it to please me, because that would never have worked, Danny and I made a vow that anything we did not enjoy in the node of our lovemaking we had to be entirely honest with each other and say if we didn't like it.

It may seem odd to anyone who cannot perceive sexual enjoyment through spanking, that discovering Danny enjoyed being the spankee made my day and I felt then I could be all ass for him any way he wanted. There was so much to look forward too and his fucks afterwards were that more stimulating, especially after Danny's impulsive urge to massage my plum read and striped bum after the punishment, and his lengthy, very lengthy oral digestion deep into my crease, that gorgeous feeling of his mouth and tongue really sucking and licking my very all down under.

And then, not just content with that, he pressed his mouth against mine and indulged in some really frenzied deep kissing so that I could taste what he was tasting and, do you know something, I really loved that.

But the fuck was the ultimate and I wanted to show him that I could equally enjoy his ass and genitals as much as he did me. I sucked him, tasted him but he was always to be the spankee and the server, that's what we both wanted and that was fine. 

He was soon delivering me to that special heaven on earth as I felt the heat of his large cock venture deep into me, my hole swallowing him up to the very brim as he fucked me until I groaned.

I cannot put into words the sheer quality of Danny's fuck, he had, had me so many ways but each way seemed always fresh, like it was the first time that way.

He said I was the best think that had happened to him, he confessed he had been with girls too and even spanked a couple. But although they were beautifully equipped they could never equal the thrill I gave him when leaning over his lap, displaying the perfect roundel bum for his attention.

He said that it was me that made him realise his true sexuality and he wanted to give and receive all the pleasure our very special relationship could derive.

Danny Says...

It was beautiful the first time with Peter. We almost instantly gelled and I felt gloriously comfortable and gratified with him first time we bonded.

But remembering how it was regarding the spanking mode I have always had a thing for spanking well-formed bums. It is not meant in any aggressive direction but simply as another cog in a beautiful passionate relationship, like ours.

Even through pain one cane derive a good deal of wild passion and I fantasied quite often, before I met Peter, about spanking a girl over my lap. I had never thought about doing it with boys, not until Peter came along that is and everything changed. I realised I was bisexual although these days my sexual leanings definitely go for the male gender. In particular, Peter. He had the most wonderful rear anyone could ask for. But how could I practice my secret desire on him without putting him off me.

Spanking after all is usually associated as a punishment and Peter was too precious to me to take chances and offend him.

But the happiest thing that ever happened to me in this world was when I realised he was on exactly the same wavelength which added a fascinating and thrilling new spark to our relationship. Not as though that was needed but it was certainly the cream on top of the milk and now, indulging in absolutely beautiful spanking session with Peter, followed by the crucial bonding afterwards, is heaven on earth.

I must tell you how it all happened, that happy moment when I discovered the spanking syndrome was equally as special with Peter; after being wonderfully joined with him, both of us having enjoyed each other in all the ways true lovers do is just slapped him a couple of times on each cheek. It was a sort of way of expelling my spanking urge, jus to see that wonderful ass of his wobble.

The slight slap had been going on for some time; it was my way of thanking Peter for his fine fuck. Then the slapping episodes became more frequent until one day, after I had slapped him a little more firmly than usual, he sort of perked his bum in an arch like fashion, as if to signal he wanted more. It was lovely and looked so divine perked up like that, freshly fucked too I could still see the glimmer of my love juice dribbling down between his crevice.

I remember I slapped it a few more times, not too soundly but enough to make him yelp and still he made no response to not liking it.

Then, rubbing his cheeks he asked if I would like to cane him. I said I would like that very much and the look on his face said it all. Talking about it afterwards we were so happy to discover we both were into it, Peter wished for me to be in charge and the spankee. I said I needed to search for a cane to carry out the dastardly deed as it became referred too. I was to be the master and he the humble servant. He would call me Sir and ask for my forgiveness after about ten lashes with the cane or similarly in spanking mode which I dearly loved.

He said there was one in the greenhouse and being as he was naked could I go to collect it.

I replied that for being so insolent he would get five of the best on each cheek. Play acting he sort of looked glum but still as attractive as ever. There was I making for the greenhouse, my whole being feeling electric by our new found attraction, I just couldn't wait to get back and when I did, there he was, all ready for me, presenting his rear in the most delectable stance which cried out to be caned, spanked or whatever. Come our next few sessions we tried everything come., hand brush, paddle, horse whip or just plain hand spanking which he loved very much, and when he was well initiated and reddened I pleasured both of us with lots of delightful massage when we must have done everything with each other, because It was such a turn on and in no time at all we were driven trance like in a deep and very sensual togetherness.

But I must admit that for me, the best of all pleasures regarding our new found sharing of love, for that is what it is, is to have him beautifully bent over across my knee with a pillow beneath his thighs, to make it as attractive as possible, those lovely defined curves presented for my service and attention. I love him too wearing a pair of silk fabric trouser set which really does the trick for me. I adore the feel of his oval bum over the sheer out if this world fabric, I love to stroke the supple softness and occasionally dip my hand between his buttocks to spread and spank each one.

I tell him he has a wonderful hind, made for pampering; He suggests I push another pillow beneath his thighs to give me the full mode of his ass, looking so divine and sexual perched up that way.

I commence the spanking mode after delicately feeling him between, teasing my small finger around the circumference of his moist anus. I cherish the sound of my hand contacting his curves and hear him yelp with each spank.

I ask him if he is okay with that and he urges me on, wiggling his ass to entice me to give him more punishment, telling me he deserves it for not paying attention when earlier he attended to my carnal needs orally, which was so very nice and I did not feel at all neglected and watching him suck me deep throat he seemed to be paying all the attention he could muster.

The result of that was another adorable fuck inside him when he gave me all the attention I could possible want. And then afterwards,. The sensation of enjoying his ass was the icing on the cake and then after a sound spanking, I changed position and pressed my face between his silken crevice licking and tasting him though the aperture I had made at the seam, finding and sucking his moist fresh fucked anus and then circulating my mouth over his beautiful sound spanked ass.

Sucking him I soon had the taste of him on my tongue. It was nice and it felt perfect. That done he wanted the paddle across his pampered ass, this time naked and on all fours, presenting it beautifully for me to make each stroke precise across each cheek until it was plum red again and it was the same procedure all over, when I would really get into his ass and give him the full works with my mouth and tongue.

Yes it was lovely and afterwards, rubbing his fresh punished contours, he thanked me for applying the deserved punishment and another wonderful, beautiful spanking session was done.

But despite that I just had to fuck that ass again, it was driving me insane watching it bounce each time I applied the paddle. 

Peter said it was fine because all the sting had gone, replaced by an overwhelming numbness and he wanted that extra fuck to spill all over the redness and for me to massage it all into his ass.

Then a whole lot more of sucking as he sucked my spunked cock dry and I pleasured and sucked him at the same time.

It was going to be heaven from now on.