 Chapter Three -- Nice Shape

Did it count as a weakness of character the fact that he was fapping furiously in the shower to the umpteenth recount of what had happened earlier that day at the photo shoot? Aidan was pretty sure it did but just as true it was that he could not help it. 

Heathcliff Stone could charm the panties off a nun with his flirting. Or maybe, just maybe, Aidan just needed to get laid. Once he had that virginity - partial virginity! - thing out of the way, he was going to act less like a hormone-driven teenager, and more like the professional he was.

Plus, he really needed to get a cooler head. He had so believed his semi could have been visible through his pants when Heathcliff had teased him about his ass. Talking about misunderstandings.

Speaking of which, Aidan thought as he sneaked one soapy hand behind to tease that unfortunately still virgin opening, he needed to find someone willing to help him get rid of his V-card. For now, the fresh memories of oiling Heathcliff Stone's amazing muscled arms, and almost touching the guy's ass had to do.

Aidan peeled back the skin from his cock, at the same time as two fingers began penetrating his ass. Ah, damn, why the hell couldn't he be a little bolder? By 22, as a gay guy who wasn't in any sort of denial or confusion, he should have had already a long list of fuck buddies. But no, he had to study and work all the frigging time, and that was leaving him little leeway to create that fuck buddy list. The brief encounters Aidan had marked down as the only experiences in his life, as far as sexual congress was concerned, didn't matter. If he were to think about them, he could not recall them in explicit details.

Unlike what had happened while touching his charge's amazing muscles. He needed to approach the matter of his virginity seriously. Later. Right now, he needed just to close his eyes, remember how Heathcliff friggin' Stone had praised his ass, and how firm the man's biceps had felt, and just stick both fingers deep inside his ass, to make himself spill all the pent-up energy he had stored in his balls.

Aidan was breathing heavily once done and almost wanted to laugh at himself. When had it been the last time he had jerked off? Maybe a week ago? The fact that he could not clearly remember was terrible in itself. At his age, he was supposed to be more sexually active. Much more sexually active.

And probably spend a lot less time on social media. Good thing he had stumbled on Heathcliff's videos, though. At least he was working out almost daily and made at least 10% healthy choices when it came to food. Otherwise, things would have probably been much worse.

Aidan stepped out of a shower, and he was about to begin drying himself with a towel when Heathcliff's remark about his ass rushed to his mind. Turning to one side, he started checking himself in the mirror. Well, his ass was pretty well shaped up. Funny, before, he had thought that it was a bummer he had that kind of ass. His type of ass was definitely not plumped like this. No matter how much he exercised, he didn't seem capable of losing more of that.

It was definitely nothing like Heathcliff's behind. Before Saturday, he had only been able to guess the beautiful shape of those gluteus maximus muscles through the material of the fashionable sportswear the guy liked to use when recording his videos. 

But now, oh, damn, he thought with a sigh. Now he knew everything. He had seen it firsthand. Tabloids were never that risky in presenting Heathcliff's adventures. The most they had shown were snapshots of the guy from afar when in nothing but the buff. Or censored photos.

And, for a guy who certainly enjoyed his sexy adventures to the max, Heathcliff didn't care about posting racy pics or videos on his social media. He was all professional there, and he wasn't displaying himself as a desirable sex object, unlike other celebrities. Not that he wasn't a very much desirable sex object.

Aidan knew he really needed to get a hold of himself. One, he could not objectify Heathcliff Stone like that, especially now that he had met the guy in flesh and blood. Two, because that hadn't been the way he had been raised. He knew better. His mom and dad would have shaken their heads over his behavior. Not that he would have ever told his parents something like that. Only the thought was making him cringe.

Despite the lecture he was trying to give himself mentally, for some unfathomable reason, he had a massive crush on a celebrity. Well, a celebrity who wasn't looking down on people, that was for sure, but a celebrity, nonetheless. 

Aidan shook his head. Maybe Heathcliff had just been teasing him. And his butt was, well, a bit too ... plump. Heathcliff Stone was now a business partner to his company, and Aidan could keep things at a professional level.

With that decision in mind, Aidan stepped into his living room. The phone rang, and he hurried to take the call. Anyone calling after 9 pm had probably a very good reason to do so. The caller ID gave him pause, but he swiped right in less than an instant. 

"Hey, Spark." Heathcliff's energetic voice boomed into his ear.

With a small wince, Aidan moved his phone a bit away. 

He decided to play along. "What's up, Stone?" 

"A small evening workout routine is up," Heathcliff replied promptly.

"Seriously? At this hour?" Aidan checked the clock on the wall, just to be sure.

"Well, since you put a span in my works with your confidentiality agreements and whatnot, I have some energy left to waste. And I never let anything go to waste."

"But seriously, it's nine o'clock in the evening," Aidan protested, pointing out the obvious. "And don't you know it's the morning routine that burns all the fat?"

He was using one of Heathcliff's favorite phrases on purpose, to see if he could piss him off.

"Sure, sure." Heathcliff chuckled at the other end. "But I don't want you to lose that butt."

Aidan wondered for a second whether his blushing could somehow be felt through the phone. 

"Seriously, stop teasing a guy over his weak points," he mumbled.

"Weak points?" Heathcliff seemed taken aback. "Bunny, the only weak point you have is your stiff personality."

Aidan had a mind of just cutting off the convo. The guy had some nerve. 

"Bunny?" He pretended to be pissed off at the nickname.

It was kind of cute, though.

"What of me makes you think of a bunny?" he insisted.

"Well, you're always on the run," Heathcliff replied. "I should call you a busy bee, too, but that's not sexy."

"Oh, god," Aidan murmured. "How would you like me to give you a nickname? And frankly, bunny would be a much better nickname for you than for me."

"Really? Why?" Heathcliff played along.

"You know." Aidan felt a little worked up. "Because of how much you fu ..."

He caught himself in time. He was not supposed to insult his company's business associates.

"Are you trying to tell me I'm fucking like a bunny? Oh, I can assure you I'm not fast at all," Heathcliff drawled, making Aidan blush a little more. The guy wasn't even in the same room with him and could make his knees go weak. "Anyway, come by, and I'll show you why exercising in the evening has certain benefits."

Heathcliff didn't even wait for him to reply and cut off the conversation. Aidan had a mind just to pretend he hadn't been invited to exercise at nine o'clock in the evening, and just see about his usual routine.

But, somehow, he felt compelled to dance to the guy's tune. No, that wasn't right. He felt drawn like a moth to a flame. He just hoped he wasn't going to get burned too much.

***

Heathcliff was probably known to tabloids and whatnot as a guy who acted on impulse, but that was far from it. Even the craziest of his adventures were well thought over, and, if he ended making the headlights, that was because he didn't care. Actually, once he had seen what tabloids meant for his popularity as a fitness trainer, he had philosophically decided that any publicity was good publicity, after all.

And, to make the circle complete, that was bringing him enough business to make him even more worthy of starring in trashy papers. 

Of course, there had to be some turning point, one way or another, and that had just come as the endorsement deal offered by The Healthy Shakers. Now it was the right time to put to the test whether the lack of appearance in tabloids was going to have a negative or positive impact on his audience.

The money was good. What was even better, he had a babysitter. And Heathcliff was quite curious about what Aidan Spark was hiding, and not only beneath his tailored suit. For starters, it was underneath the dry cleaned clothes that one could find a delicious rump. Yeah, Heathcliff wanted to see more of that. He had no idea why the guy was saying that was his weak point. Or how he could blush like that.

If the young man was gay, which Heathcliff was 99.99% that was the truth, it was difficult to imagine he had no experience. Despite his attitude and yuppie personality, Aidan had to unwind once in a while. And he must have had at least a bit of college experimentation under his belt. If gay guys in the area were leaving Aidan Spark and his gorgeous behind alone, they were either blind or he, Heathcliff Stone, was one damn lucky fucker.

Heathcliff whistled as he put on the thinnest t-shirt and sports shorts he had around. It was clear as day that Aidan was far from being indifferent to his body. So he intended to show it as much as possible. The outline of his cock through those shorts was just impossible to miss.

Maybe Aidan needed a little friendly nudge. Maybe he had been the proverbial bookworm in school. But Aidan was taking care of himself, as far as Heathcliff could tell. Which meant that the guy wanted, at least unconsciously, to put himself out there.

If that was what Aidan lacked in his life, Heathcliff was happy to oblige. Also, he was damn curious to see what shape Aidan man was in, without that many clothes.

The buzzing sound let him know that his guest and personal project for the evening had arrived. With a smirk, he began walking down the stairs.

***

"Why are you in a suit?" was Heathcliff's first question as he took in his guest, standing in the door. "What part of evening exercising was unclear?"

Aidan put one finger up. It was like the young man was rehearsing a role. One that hadn't been his in the beginning. Yeah, Heathcliff thought. The corporate bunny nickname suited him. He was probably brainwashed on a regular basis. But Heathcliff truly wanted to have a say in that.

"I don't remember agreeing to anything."

"Then why are you here?" Heathcliff crossed his arms.

And didn't miss how Aidan's pretty hazel and green speckled eyes lingered on his guns. 

"To ... assist you in any way I can. Maybe ..."

"Hush. I'll lend you some sports clothes. Come."

"But I don't --" 

"Hey, I thought you were supposed to keep me happy." Heathcliff interrupted the guy again. 

Aidan Spark was there because he was curious. Also, because, most probably, he couldn't or wouldn't help himself. There was interest there, but also a lot of hesitation and Heathcliff wanted to bring the real Aidan Spark to light. He could bet he was going to be in for a delightful surprise. 

"And how does making me work out at this hour keep you happy?" Aidan questioned.

"Well, I would rather have anyone working with me be at the peak of their health," Heathcliff said.

"Oh, that's why your agent looks like he's one hamburger away from having a coronary."

Heathcliff could feel his lips twitch. Corporate bunny was a witty thing, too. 

"That man, unfortunately," Heathcliff sighed, "might just be a lost cause. I say 'might', because I'm still not giving up on him. But I have a theory, and you're the perfect subject."

"Would you mind sharing that theory?" Aidan said.

Heathcliff rummaged through his drawers and came up with some sportswear he knew it was too tight for him, but he was still keeping around for no reason. 

"Here." Heathcliff threw the t-shirt and the shorts to his guest.

"Okay," Aidan sighed. "Um, some privacy?"

"What? Haven't you ever changed in a locker room with all the other boys?" Heathcliff smirked at him.

"Well, they weren't looking at me," Aidan said, casting his eyes down.

"Who says I'm going to look at you? And really, what do you think you have to hide? I can assure you I've seen plenty of naked men in my life."

"Yeah, that's the problem," Aidan exhaled.

Hmm, Heathcliff could smell a bit of insecurity there. So endearing. All right, for the moment, he was going to allow the bunny a little room to feel more secure. 

"I'll be downstairs," Heathcliff said. 

"Okay," Aidan replied, and this time he sounded grateful.

***

Heathcliff was proud of his home gym. And he intended to make Aidan Spark work out a little so that he could see how much he could push the young man around and get away with. It was funny how exciting the prospect of seducing the yuppie seemed. To be fair, as much awesome sex he usually had, he wasn't as enthusiastic as he had used to be.

Everything was, well, at least for him, too easy. And he didn't only think that because he was a bit too full of himself, although many would have said exactly that about him. It was a simple fact. With his growing popularity, ending up in bed with whoever he wanted was too damn easy. Not that his physique and personal charm weren't usually enough. But being a recognizable face surely made his charisma go through the roof.

"I'm here." A hesitant voice called, and he turned to look at his guest.

Who looked pretty good in clothes that were a bit too large for him. Funny thing, Heathcliff hadn't thought before that he liked this type. The cute, hesitant, ready to bolt bunny type. 

"Let's see you." Heathcliff walked toward Aidan. 

Without hesitation, he grabbed the guy's right arm, feeling his muscles. Nice. Firm enough. Seeing how many young people were not enthralled with the prospect of working out, it was good that Aidan Spark was, indeed, as he expected, taking care of himself.

Heathcliff made Aidan turn, taking in that bubblegum butt that was making the entire thing tenfold more interesting.

"Okay," he said. "You seem in pretty nice shape."

"Thank you," Aidan answered primly. 

"Are you smoking?"

"No!" came the absolutely terrified reply.

"What about drinking?"

"Are you serious?" Aidan sputtered. "Of course not! I mean, only on special occasions."

"Hey, as your trainer ..."

Aidan pursed his lips. "Again, I have absolutely no idea when I agreed to that." 

"And yet, you're still here, and ready for a workout."

"Okay," Aidan said with a small, exasperated huff.

"Fast food?"

No response. Ah, that was the problem.

"Too busy working?" Heathcliff asked again.

"Something like that," Aidan mumbled like a kid caught doing something naughty.

"I will give you hints and pointers along the way about nutrition, as well. But, for starters, think more colors on your plate."

"Ketchup is red," Aidan said promptly.

Heathcliff could feel his lips twitching, eager to smile. Don't put it behind the corporate bunny to give him lip.

"Sure, sure," he replied. "My theory is to teach good habits as early in life as possible."

"Then I'm a lost cause because I'm already 22," Aidan said.

"22? That's a perfect age, actually," Heathcliff said. "Young people should create their own lifestyle once away from their parents. It is a test. There's no one to tell you what to do and what to eat, so you need to decide all that for yourself."

Aidan sighed. "And the fast food menu is just a convenient way to start." 

"Which is bad." Heathcliff put one hand on Aidan's shoulder and wagged his finger at him. "Let's see you on the treadmill."

He crossed his arms and looked at Aidan. The guy began running at a casual pace. All seemed good. His favorite corporate bunny was in reasonably good shape. 

"Um, how long should I do this?" Aidan asked, without stopping.

"A little more," Heathcliff said.

He wanted to see the guy sweating a little, but nothing else. When Heathcliff stopped the machine and gestured for Aidan to get down, he observed with satisfaction how strands of the perfect slick hair were now curling against the young man's forehead. And there was a bit of sweat on his upper lip and his forehead. 

Heathcliff almost wanted to lean in and have a taste. But he wasn't that kind of seducer. Aidan was going to come to him because he wanted to, and not because he was pressed into anything. 

Instead, he slipped into his professional shoes. If he was to admire the young man's lovely body and let his own pleasure demand its rights, he was going to reach the end of this way too soon. 

Aidan was proving to be a fast learner, and quite obedient when it came to having everything explained to him in logical terms. Apparently, only when teased, the bunny made a fuss. And that was okay.

***

"Okay," Heathcliff nodded. "You have good stamina. I like that."

"I bet," Aidan said in a low voice, almost to himself.

"What was that?" Heathcliff asked right away.

"Nothing. I'm not used to work out at this hour."

His personal trainer chose to ignore his not so hidden pleas to finish the training session. Aidan could feel the sweat pouring down his back and not only. Being like this, in front of Heathcliff Stone, made him feel a bit awkward.

Actually, awkward was not the right word. He felt a bit too hot, and it wasn't only because of the physical exertion he was put through. Heathcliff's eyes were on him, at all times, evaluating him, and Aidan could feel their cool fire, which, most probably, made the man's lovers and not only as hot as he was feeling at the moment.

It was as if something was about to happen. Aidan knew well what was hoping to happen. Partially. Not totally. Heathcliff was fucking handsome men that could star in movies and ads. He could not see anything else but a temporary distraction in someone like Aidan. 

False modesty was not among his flaws. Aidan knew he was pretty handsome himself, but he wasn't in Heathcliff Stone's league. And while studying to be among the top of his class had been an endeavor he had managed with flying colors, physical appearance was not something that could be treated equally.

Some people just had it. Aidan worked out and wanted to be attractive, but it was only that much he could do. The few times when he had gone to gay clubs, he had been picked up and had not been refused, but his partners had been in the same league as him. Plus, playing safe meant he didn't have to be disappointed.

And Heathcliff Stone looked like disappointment in the works incarnate. The guy was a teaser, a professional flirter, but Aidan didn't want to be a notch on his belt and nothing else. What was he thinking? Heathcliff found it entertaining to tease him because he was probably bored. Aidan would have been lucky to be a notch on his belt.

But, if Aidan was honest to himself and his chances, and also took into consideration how detached the guy looked right now, although as intense as he always was when explaining his routines, he just needed to take his mind off of that.

Well, in theory. Because while he obediently went through all the directions Heathcliff was giving him, he could think of nothing else but why the man was not already making a move. Aidan knew he couldn't resist. But the man was doing nothing but behave like a professional trainer, which he was.

That was that. Most probably, Heathcliff wanted to make sure that the people working with him and representing him had, at least, some dedication for fitness. It was a logical explanation.

Not that it settled well with him. Either way, he was going to be disappointed. And he needed to think of going for deals that didn't come with that kind of unpleasant consequences. Which meant playing on the safe side, like usual.
