 Chapter Four -- Happy Birthday To Me!

"Is this all?"

Aidan raised his eyes from the papers they had been perusing together until earlier. Trying to keep a professional attitude about the whole deal was tough. But after a lot of deliberation with himself, he had decided that he could not try doing something inappropriate with Heathcliff. The man was off limits. Plus, he didn't look that interested. The teasing had been, after all, nothing but teasing,

"Yes, it is all," he said, placing his hands neatly over the papers.

"May I offer you anything? I can make you something," Heathcliff offered.

Aidan stood up. Spending too much time together with the guy was bound to make him do something foolish that he was indeed going to regret later. Was he that desperate that he was willing to humiliate himself by throwing himself at Heathcliff Stone, a celebrity that could not care less about him and ALSO had plenty of handsome guys to choose from? The man would just say 'no'; he was sure that was going to happen. 

"No, thank you," he said and offered his hand to say goodbye in the manliest manner he could think off.

Heathcliff took it in his and held it. Aidan kept a frozen professional smile on his face.

"It's a real pleasure doing business with you, Mr. Stone," he said.

Heathcliff smiled. "What's with the formalities? I thought we were friends."

Aidan knew he should withdraw his hand, but he couldn't.

"I think it's better this way. I hope you have nothing against it."

Why was he talking like they had done something together, something that was frowned upon? Nothing had happened, much to his chagrin. Heathcliff pulled him closer, using his superior strength, and looked him in the eye.

"Kid," he said, challenging him.

Aidan could feel the warmth from his hand which was the only part of his body in close connection to Heathcliff, spreading up his arm. His host's bulged bicep as he was holding his arm flexed was too distracting. Heathcliff had maneuvered their hands that they were now linked together, as if they were two players, congratulating each other after a fight.

He knew his way out of this. He had seen movies and whatnot. The way to do it was to be casual, yet keep the professional boundaries.

"Okay, Stone, you got me. I'm a kid. I'm ... What? Eight years your junior? Laugh all you want."

Yeah, that was kind of it. Some playful banter like between acquaintances, without being real bros, or anything remotely similar.

"No one's laughing, Spark," Heathcliff replied, but his eyes were lit with amusement now. "Sure you don't want to hang out? I might have an orgy planned later, and this is your only chance to foil it."

Aidan inhaled. "I don't buy that." 

Damn, it wasn't right for Heathcliff Stone to smell so good. Maybe he could stop breathing when the man was around. Or he could put more distance between them, right now.

"Maybe some other time," he added quickly.

"What? Do you really want to be part of some orgy? I'm afraid you might steal the show." Heathcliff's eyes glinted with mischief.

Aidan rolled his eyes. "Are you for real?" he groaned, and finally pulled his hand free.

"No. I'd never drag you to an orgy. You're way too stiff, and by the time you loosen up, the party would be over. Just to make something clear. Are we done with the 'Mr. Stone' crap? Call me Heathcliff, or Heath."

"Or Stone." Aidan shrugged.

"Okay, if that's how you like it." Heathcliff nodded. "See you around then?"

"I'll let you know. The ad is coming up nicely. We'll make a star out of you."

"I'm already a star, kid," Heathcliff said with too much self-importance to be taken seriously.

Against himself, he snickered.

"Ha, got you," Heathcliff pointed at him.

"Yeah, you got me." Aidan grabbed his suitcase. "See ya," he said brightly like he meant it.

On his way out, he pretended he could not feel Heathcliff's gorgeous eyes following him. It was, most probably, just his imagination and wishful thinking.

***

"Am I really supposed to keep an eye on the guy while he's celebrating? He's most probably with his friends, his family ..." Aidan tried to protest.

For the love of everything he held dear, he needed to keep away from Heathcliff Stone, as much as he could. Being sent to crash the man's birthday party was just the damn opposite of what he was trying to achieve, which was to keep a leveled head and accept that nothing could happen between him and the sexy fitness guru.

"Spark," his boss stopped him. "The man has two million followers on social media. He has millions of hits on his videos, and that's even more people if you add all the visualizations together. Do you have any idea how much money we save in advertising? You know, I suppose, how an advertising budget works. We're paying this guy a fraction of that. Only a fraction. So, if I want you to go down to his house, and make sure that he keeps his dick in his pants, especially since his birthday won't go unnoticed by tabloids, then that is something you do."

Aidan opened his mouth a few times, wanting to contradict the man a little. But, after all, that was his boss, and no matter how bluntly he was putting it, that was the truth. Ultimately, his job was to prevent Heathcliff from ending up in the headlines, especially if those headlines were going to contain some X-rated details of the man's personal life.

But, at the same time, Aidan could not deny that it was making him feel a little dirty to do what he was told. A part of him, a righteous one, was revolting against it. Why was anyone's business who Heathcliff welcomed into his bed? 

***

"Working hard or hardly working?" Heathcliff teased him, the moment he saw him.

"Sorry, I practically invited myself over. Happy birthday," Aidan said with a perfunctory smile while handing the host a bottle of wine. "I hope this is okay."

"It surely is." Heathcliff took him by the shoulder and guided him inside. "I was expecting something less formal, though," he pointed at Aidan's clothes.

"It's a new suit," Aidan explained.

"Still, just as formal as the others I saw you in. Seriously, were you born in a suit?" Heathcliff asked.

Aidan felt a tiny bit dizzy only taking in his host's scent. Heathcliff looked amazing in casual clothes, a pleasant shade of blue that was making his eyes look even more magnetic. Aidan wanted nothing else but to lose himself in those seas of blue and get closer.

He caught himself just in time.

"I see you have a lot of guests," he noticed.

"Yes, please feel free to mingle."

If Aidan had known how to mingle, he would not have had a V-card to worry about. So that was easier said than done.

With a sigh, he took in the crowd by the pool. Heathcliff's list of friends was truly glamorous. Aidan could bet that the net worth of everyone strung together was enough to buy an entire neighborhood, if not a small town. They weren't necessarily billionaires or A-list celebrities, but they were well off enough, and Aidan felt there like a fish out of water.

But it was a good and well deserved cold shower he was getting right now. He had no place in that world. That is why he wasn't on the list of invites, and there only on a mission from work. A somewhat sleazy task that was making him feel a bit ill to the stomach, but the kind of thing on which his job was depending on.

Heathcliff left his side to talk to other guests, like the good host he was. Aidan shrugged and grabbed a glass filled with some bubbly liquid. Maybe if he drank a little, that was going to settle his nerves.

***

Heathcliff had been a tad surprised to see Aidan knocking down his door, but he was glad the young man was there. Except for a few quick encounters over ads and whatnot, they had not had a lot of time to talk over the last week. He had barely managed to get Aidan to stop acting as formal as the suit he was wearing.

Heathcliff had an idea what was happening. Aidan was a tiny bit pissed. Ever since that night, when he had summoned him for an evening workout session, Aidan had been a little bit of a porcupine, the corporate version. 

For the moment, Heathcliff had thought it to be for the better. He was getting a bit too interested in a young man with who, by the nature of their business relationship, he was not supposed to get involved with.

Also, he had expected Aidan to take some steps and express his desires if any were there. He had thought that giving the guy room for maneuver would make him a little less of a scared bunny. 

But Aidan Spark had tried to be nothing but professional throughout their meetings, and Heathcliff was starting to wonder whether maybe his gaydar and his charm were bound to fail one time in a million.

He tried to catch a glimpse of Aidan, scouting the area, after some recent acquaintances had grabbed his attention. He was nowhere in sight, unfortunately. If there was one thing Heathcliff truly wanted for his birthday, he had an inkling that his present had just walked over his threshold. Or maybe he was trying to appease his somewhat wounded pride by what looked like Aidan's total disinterest in his person.

"Hey, Heath." Someone caught him from behind.

"Hey, Randy?" he said questioningly while turning and taking in the handsome brunet who was still keeping his hands on his waist. 

"Hey, nice to see you recognize me. I suppose that's progress." Randy flashed a nice smile at him. "I've just got back from Italy. It was all business, unfortunately, and I didn't have enough time to indulge in either Italian cuisine or Italian men. Of course, when I saw your invite in my e-mail, I told myself that there is something here that entire Italy can't offer. Or, better said, someone."

Randy was wiggling his eyebrows in a very suggestive way that left no room for guesswork. Heathcliff could feel the familiar stir in his groin, looking at the guy. Randy was a particularly talented rider, as far as he could remember. While he liked it on top, he wasn't a top. And that was the kind Heathcliff liked best. Also, the attempt at seduction, as much as it was the same old, same old, was more than welcome. Heathcliff seriously needed to get laid.

Seeing how he hadn't gotten laid in a while now, ever since Aidan 'Bubble Butt' Spark had walked into his life, he could allow himself a small indiscretion. After all, it was his birthday.

So, taking Randy's hand and inviting him on a tour of the grounds, he decided that it was the right time to put an end to his self-imposed celibacy.

***

There was a wicked hot tongue in his ear, and warm hands feeling his abs, and, by all means, he should have been up and ready for action. And he was all that. The problem was one of focus. Never before had he been troubled enough to underperform while a sexy bed partner was in his arms, prepared for what always happened when someone got freaky with Heathcliff Stone: an incendiary sex session that the said partner would want to talk about with his friends.

So he was up and ready. Hell, he was hard enough to split logs through the sheer power of his neglected dick. But while his hands were all over Randy, his mind was wandering to a particular corporate bunny with a bubble butt to die for, pouty lips, and an attitude that could only be considered a proper challenge for someone as charming as him.

Damn, he wasn't going to fuck a guy while thinking of another, was he?

"Damn, Heath, I just realized I friggin' missed you." Randy joked while struggling with his belt.

Heathcliff placed one hand over the guy's unsteady ones. It could be that Randy had a little bit too much to drink already. Not that it was usually a problem. Some bottom boys tended to be more uninhibited and pliable with a bit of alcohol in their system. But, right now, Heathcliff didn't want to rush. If anything, he wanted to take things a little slowly, and clear his head of Aidan Spark, before getting hot and bothered with his friend.

***

"I think they went that way." Aidan heard someone whispering.

Acting quickly, he ducked behind a tall bush. Something of how that duo was whispering seemed a little off, at least to his ears. 

"It's been such a slow week, ugh," one of the two commented.

The man was quite fat and seemed to have troubles keeping up with the other, who was as tall as the first one was fat. They looked like a comedic duo, except they appeared somehow to be bent on doing something illicit.

"Do you believe Stone went off to be some good boy now?" the tall one tsked.

"We'll catch him, don't worry. It's all clearly because he tries to sell some new so-called family-friendly image. I heard it through the grapevine. He's starting to endorse some new product. And part of the deal is for him to steer clear of his usual lifestyle."

The tall one snorted. "Like the leopard is going to change his spots. I just saw him sneaking around with a guy. Do you think he wants to get down and dirty with his guest? Like out here, in the open?"

"They might go into the house. That would be tricky. I don't know if we could go undetected."

"Trust me. I have a nose for this. They're outside. Probably Stone thinks no one will miss him for the two minutes he needs to get freaky."

Aidan could feel the tip of his ears glowing red. He moved slowly, decided to follow the two assholes.

"Ah, as I thought." The tall one ducked behind a manicured bush. "He's all over some dude. Do you think you can manage a good angle from here?"

"Sure thing I can. Too bad it's nothing racy. I was expecting a pool full of hot naked people for his birthday, and, instead, things have been nothing but PG-13."

"Yeah, I know. Are you all set?"

Aidan cleared his throat and walked quickly toward the two.

"Good evening, gentlemen," he said loudly, making them turn. "I don't think you two are on the guest list."

"Who the fuck are you?" the tall one said through his teeth, trying to keep his voice down.

On purpose, Aidan raised his.

"I'm security. So, if you two followed me to the exit, I would be grateful." Aidan kept his ground.

He was hoping that the noise he was making was going to make the two assholes disappear.

"What is going on here?" Heathcliff finally emerged from the other side, his guest nowhere in sight.

"These two gentlemen are, I believe, trespassers, Mr. Stone," Aidan said, pleading with his eyes for Heathcliff to play along.

"That indeed they are." Heathcliff frowned. "How about you two leave before I need to have my bodyguard here throw you out?"

The two guys were staring, alternatively, to Aidan and Heathcliff, like they could not believe their eyes and ears.

"Bodyguard?" one of them finally dared to talk.

Heathcliff shrugged. "He's a black belt. How about you go that way?" he pointed toward the garden exit.

"I will see them out if that is fine by you," Aidan said politely.

"Please do so. And then report to me," Heathcliff said. 

Aidan played along. "Yes, sir. Gentlemen?" he turned toward the two and gestured for them to move.

***

Heathcliff wanted so much to laugh out loud, but the two were still within earshot. 

"What was that all about? Did you hire a bodyguard? Do you even need one?" Randy appeared by his side. "Anyways, where were we?" the man caressed his arm suggestively.

"Randy," Heathcliff grabbed the man by the shoulders, "how about calling rain check? Trespassers have a way of putting me out of the mood, seriously out of the mood. But please, have fun. I should continue to entertain my guests, as well."

Randy pursed his lips in disappointment.

"I distinctively recall how nothing used to put you out of the mood."

"What can I say, man? It must be the age," Heathcliff joked. "Come on, let's get back to the party. I know exactly someone who would love to make your acquaintance. You'll like him."

Heathcliff took his guest by the shoulders and walked back into the house. From there, he was going to encourage Randy to mingle with others while he was going to get busy finding his brave knight in shining armor or better said, corporate bunny draped in a nice tailored suit.

***

"Ah, there you are." Heathcliff grabbed Aidan by one arm. "Didn't I tell you to report back to me as soon as you were done seeing those bastards out?"

Bunny boy was looking at him wide-eyed. Damn, he was pretty, Heathcliff thought. No, there was no way he was going to let this one go scot free. If that happened, he was a total fool, as well as the perfect enemy to his cock. One look at that fresh-faced yuppie and he was sold. And if there was going to be a little work involved, he was not going to be bothered. Actually, he was looking forward to the excitement of the conquest. He hadn't had much of that for a long time.

"I thought, ahem," Aidan cleared his throat, "that you needed time with your guest. After all, you were interrupted."

Heathcliff felt like he wanted to grab the young man and kiss him until he couldn't breathe anymore. 

"So, how do you know if I got freaky with that dude?" Heathcliff questioned and leaned in.

Hmm, the yuppie had seemingly indulged in some of the sweet drinks around. His breath smelled faintly of alcohol, but the guy didn't seem intoxicated. 

"I don't," Aidan said promptly. "Wait, I hope you did make him sign that confidentiality agreement, right?"

"Nah, I was way too excited to do that," Heathcliff said slowly, gauging the tiniest reaction from his precious babysitter, currently bodyguard.

There wasn't any need for keen attention. Aidan's face spoke volumes.

"Find him, and have him sign. Ah, don't tell me he's already gone!" Aidan began fretting while looking around at the guests starting to leave and saying their goodbyes to the host.

Heathcliff was intercepted by three female social media celebs. Bidding them farewell in as few words as he could manage, he hurried after Aidan who had taken upon himself to hunt down Randy.

"Hey, hey." He caught Aidan's arm just in time. "I'm just joking. Chill a little."

Aidan exhaled. "Good, just give me the papers so I can file them away later."

"I wasn't joking about that." Heathcliff put his arms gently over Aidan's shoulders. "I was joking about sleeping with him."

It was fun to read all the changes happening in those bright, beautiful eyes from up close. First, disbelief, second, hope, and third, anxiety.

"Are you just pulling my leg?" Aidan complained.

"Nah, I wouldn't." Heathcliff chuckled. "How about you help me clean up?"

Aidan took in the now mostly deserted poolside. There were empty glasses left everywhere, and for some reason, a few canapés were floating in the water. Now that was a bit insulting toward the chef's efforts, Heathcliff thought, as he followed with his eyes wherever Aidan was looking.

"I'm joking again," Heathcliff whispered into Aidan's ear, taking advantage of how concerned the young man seemed, most certainly strategizing how to start the cleaning process. "There are hired people especially for that. But they will come late in the morning. Right now, I'm beaten."

Aidan looked at him with dreamy eyes. "I should go, too."

"No, you should not," Heathcliff said like Aidan was a bit hard headed. "You know," he leaned in again, "I was so looking forward to doing it out in the garden. Come," he took Aidan by one hand.

The last guests were finally out the door so that he could have his fun with his little corporate bunny. Never before had he hoped for a party to finish faster.

Strangely enough, Aidan didn't protest and followed him. The guy's hand was warm in his, and the fingers moved slightly like they were small, timid animals trapped inside. Maybe he wasn't the only one with expectations in this.

He liked the backyard garden even more than he liked his house. It was peaceful there, and the tall hedge was keeping things private. Well, except for some assholes like those from earlier who wanted to take advantage of his open house.
