 I travel frequently, staying in hotel after hotel. I was going to be in the area of one of my closest friends, so I called him up to see if I could stay with him for three or four nights. He was more than happy to have the company. Joe and I have known each other for more than fifteen years, we are both 38, average height and weight, beginning to get a little pudgy. We both have brown hair, and brown eyes. I am slightly taller than he is and he is slightly heavier than I am. And though we have shared hotel rooms at conferences, we work for the same company though in different capacities, I have seen him in various states of undress, and even though I have had several bi experiences, there has never been anything the least bit sexual between us.

After I arrived, we went out to eat and had a few drinks, we then returned to his house and decided to shoot a few games of pool. I went to the guest room and changed into my boxers and a t-shirt, the usual attire for hotel rooms when you have a roommate, and went to met up with Joe in the basement. He was not down there yet, so I racked up the balls and begin to take a few practice shots. When he came down, he too had changed into a t-shirt, however his choice of underwear was tighty-whities. Of course, this caused a great deal of teasing, which he took well. 

After several games, and several more beers, the basement was beginning to get a little warm. We both we sweating slightly and not playing pool well at all. He said that the vents that supplied the AC to the basement had been damaged during some remodeling, so he went to get a fan from his garage. While he was gone, I removed my shirt and was racking the balls up in just my boxers when he came back down.

He was sweating much heavier; apparently it was very hot in the garage. His tighty-whities were clinging to his butt cheeks, and his cock was clearly outlined, as was his dark patch of pubic hair.

"I see you've gotten more comfortable," he said, bending over to plug in the fan.

Of course, his bending over made his underwear cling even tighter, as well as slide towards his crack. "Well, if I was in a hotel room, I'd be butt naked by now!" I replied, taking a wobbly shot at the three ball.

He stood up and adjusted the fan to that it faced the pool table, his back towards me, "I told you, you can make yourself comfortable, my house is your house."

I wasn't sure if that was a hint or if it was a joke. So I quickly replied, "Ah, I hate being naked by myself."

He was walking back towards the table, picking up his pool stick, smiling he said, "Well, we might look pretty funny playing pool naked, what would people say!"

I smiled back and asked, "What people? There's nobody around here and I don't think either of us would tell."

He handed me another beer from the fridge and leaned over to take his shot. As he stood back up, I could tell that the heat, the alcohol and the hinting at getting naked was having a slight affect on him, his cock was swollen a bit, stretching the clinging underwear. That was when I realized that my own cock was beginning to swell slightly too. My silk boxers would hide me for the time being, but I needed to change my thoughts to something else, or I would soon be tenting.

Now, I don't have a huge cock, it is just over seven and one-half inches long and about two and one-half inches wide. I keep my crotch and ass completely smooth and I have a great tan, with no tan lines.

Joe appeared to have a slightly smaller cock, of course it was hard to tell without him being fully erect, and he had a medium patch of dark hair just above his cock. He has no tan whatsoever, so his white briefs blending in with his white skin. I also notice he had very body hair, his legs were almost hairless except for strands on his thighs.

After a few more shots, I decided to broche the subject again. "I see you decided not to get naked," I said, leaning over to take a shot at the seven ball.

"Well, you didn't get naked, now did ya?" He quipped back.

"Oh, I didn't realize I had to go first," I said, then I laid my pool stick on the table and slid my boxers over my hips, then let them fall to the floor, where I gently stepped out of them, then tossed them on the couch.

There was no hiding my excitement now, my cock was three quarters hard and growing. I smiled and said, "Your turn, and I don't mean to shoot."

I then turned back and took my next shot, my hardening cock bouncing against the pool table. I watched out of the corner of my eye and saw him staring at my butt, but he didn't make a move to finish undressing.

I missed my shot and stepped away, "Your turn, for both now!" I said, as he just stood there watching me. He blinked several times, then slid his underwear off and tossed them next to mine. His cock was fully erect, and appeared to be about the same size, maybe just a little shorter and a bit thicker than mine. He then walked over and took his next shot.

He had to lean way over the table, and I got a great view of his bubble butt. It appeared to also be hairless, or at the least had very soft, pale hairs. As he stretched, lifting one leg, I could see his tight pink butt hole. Of course, he missed and then I finished up the game sinking the eight and nine balls.

We sat on the couch and drank another beer, both of use casually checking out the other. After about fifteen minutes of being naked together, I decided to make a move.

"Let's play another game of nine-ball, only with a twist this time," I suggested.

He grinned and replied, "What did you have in mind?"

I cleared my throat and explained, "Well, the loser has to suck off the winner."

If it were possible for him to have gotten any whiter in the face, he would have! He took a big drink of beer then asked, "Are you serious?"

"Sure," I started, "Look, we are both horny as hell, we're naked, we've both had blow jobs before, and I'm sure we've both messed with guys before, or at least I know I have."

"Really? When? What did you do?" he asked, with a continued look of shock on his face.

"In high school and college, and even a few times since then, you know just experimenting with friends, roommates, shit like that." I was now concerned I'd gone too far. "Didn't you?" I asked.

He took another swig of his beer then said, "Yea, a couple of times in college, but that was a very long time ago and we really only took turns jerking each other off."

"I see, so think of this as a chance to try something new," I said, walking over to the table and racking up the nine balls.

"You really want to play for a blow job? All the way to cumming in the mouth and everything?" He asked, moving from the couch to the pool table.

I smiled; I had him now, "Sure. I mean, I guess if the loser doesn't want to swallow, he can take the load on the face. That okay?"

"Sure, I mean, I guess," he seemed embarrassed, but his cock wasn't. It actually seemed harder now than before, and mine was at full staff too, and beginning to leak a little precum. When I noticed this, I squeezed my cock, forcing more of the clear liquid to the tip and then with my finger, I wiped it off and licked my finger clean.

He just stared at me for a second then asked, "Do you like that?"

I looked puzzled, "What? Licking my precum?"

He just nodded.

"Sure I do, don't you ever try yours?"

He shook his head no, so I squeezed my cock again, putting another big drop onto my finger, and then I walked over to him and held it up to his lips.

"What? You want me to lick that off your finger?" he asked.

I nodded, "come on, it won't hurt you I promise." I then put my finger on his lips. He opened his mouth and licked the precum off of my finger.

"See, not bad at all," I said, and then prepared to break.

"No, actually it's pretty good," he then squeezed his own cock producing even more than I had, then he wiped it up with two fingers and licked his fingers clean. "Yep, pretty good stuff."

We then started the game. Since we were both more than half drunk and extremely horny, we neither one played well. Finally, we were down to the last two balls when Joe, sunk the eight and had a pretty fair shot at the nine. I was prepared to get on my knees and suck him off, when he scratched!

I smiled, got the cue ball and placed it in perfect position to sink the nine, then I looked at him and said, "Well, I guess this means you get to decide whether or not you'll swallow or take it in the face."

He looked terrified, and only replied, "Yea, looks like it."

Just as I started to shoot, I stopped and said, "Tell you what; I'll make you a deal."

"Double or nothing?" he said, smiling, his hand lightly stroking his cock.

"No, afraid not, but, how about we call it even and we give each other a blow job, you know, get in the good ole sixty nine position and just do each other." I said, laying my stick on the table and stroking my cock with the other hand.

"You serious?" He asked, "Cause, you are obviously going to win the game."

I nodded, "Yea, I'm serious, besides, we can always play again tomorrow, after work, then I could kick your ass and not be half wasted."

He smiled back, "So, tomorrow if you win I get to just suck you, that your master plan?"

I stepped towards him, and placed my hand on his cock, he jumped, but didn't try to move me away. I grasped his cock tightly and started to slide my hand back and forth, and then I looked him in the eye and said, "No, tomorrow we will play for who gets to fuck who in the ass."

His eyes went wide and I could feel his cock swell even more! I then said, "Now, do we have a deal or do I make this game winning shot and watch you suck me off?"

He swallowed hard and said, "Let's go upstairs to my room."

I released his cock and we bounded up the stairs and down the hall to his room. Once there, he turned and said, "Okay, how should we do this?"

I climbed onto the bed, laying on my back, my cock sticking straight up with its gentle banana curve. Once settled, I said, "Okay, now you climb up here and straddle my chest, this way, if you decide you don't want my cum in your mouth, you can pull off easily."

He climbed on the bed, and took the position I had suggested. He was on all fours now and his cock was just inches above my mouth. My cock, just inches below his mouth. I reached up and gently placed my hands around his waist and began to pull him towards me. Once he realized what I was doing, he began to slide his knees beside my head and he lowered his open mouth towards my cock.

I reached up and took hold of his cock, gently pulling it towards my open mouth. His cock was slightly thicker than my own and a drop of is precum was dangling from the tip.

He had taken hold of my cock and was almost to the tip. I could feel his warm breath heating up the head, then I felt his lips close around me, only about two inches was in his mouth, but it felt awesome.

His cock was now entering my mouth, I moved my hand from it and used both hands to pull his ass downwards. His cock was now four inches deep in my mouth as I closed my lips around it. I began to suck, pulling even more of him into me. I then released the suction and pushed upwards on him.

He was mocking my every move. He was now sucking hard, pulling a couple of more inches of my cock into his mouth. He soon learned to bob his head up and down while keeping a tight suction, as I was doing the same thing. His mouth was extremely hot, and for his first blow job, his teeth were nowhere near my throbbing cock. He was licking the shaft as he sucked, I could feel his tongue on every ripple and ridge of my cock.

My hands were rubbing and stroking his ass. His hands were now underneath my ass, squeezing my cheeks. I brought one of my hands to my mouth and let enough spit out to coat it thoroughly, then I slid it up from the base of his large nut sack, across this tight hole and slowly worked it around until the tip of my middle finger slid past his tight spincter muscle. 

He gasped as my finger entered him, but he didn't stop sucking. He was moving faster and his breathing was becoming shorter and harder. 

I kept working my finger in his ass until I was as deep as the second knuckle, that's when I felt his cock swelling and knew that he was about to cum. I pushed my finger in as far as I could and his cock erupted. I quickly withdrew my finger from his ass and grabbed his butt to keep him from pulling out. He unload shot after shot into my hot mouth and down my throat. The first three shots I never tasted, they were so powerful, they blew past my tongue and directly down my throat. The next three were lighter and I was able to savor the taste of his semen. It was salty, as all semen, but very lightly and was very thick. I kept sucking his cock until there was no cum left in him, swirling the cum in my mouth around and around his cock head.

I then felt my own nuts tighten. I swallowed the rest of his load and pushed him up enough so that I could at least let him know it was cumming. I then began to spew my load. To my surprise, he didn't pull off. He began swallowing as fast as he could, but I hadn't cum in almost two weeks, so I had a huge load stored up. I could feel my warm cum spilling from his mouth and sliding down onto my balls and past my ass cheeks. Soon, he had sucked all I had out.

He raised up off of my cock, and I released his. I then rolled over onto my stomach and told him to lick the cum off of my ass and balls that he had missed. He didn't hesitate at all, his tongue was between my ass cheeks licking and slurping up the cum that had escaped his incredible mouth. He then cleaned my balls, licking them until they were soaked with his slobber.

We both sat up and looked at one another, our cocks fully deflated. I leaned towards him and kissed him on the lips. He opened his mouth and received my tongue. I could still taste my semen as I swirled my tongue in his mouth. After several minutes, we broke the kiss. I looked at the clock and it was after midnight.

"Damn, it's late!" I exclaimed.

"I know, and I have to get up at like four," he added.

"Let's get to sleep," I said, moving enough to pull the covers back and slide under them, making it clear that we would be sleeping together.

Once we were settled in, both lying on our backs, I felt his hand on my thigh, then on my cock, lightly stroking me. I took that as an invitation and began stroking him too.

"So, what is in store for tomorrow?" He asked.

I smiled in the darkness and said, "Well, for one, I want my cock in your mouth again and I'm pretty sure it will wind up in your ass too."

As I said that, he squeezed my cock and then drifted off to sleep.