 Saturday morning I woke up with a hardon. So what else is new, right? I touched myself, loving the feel of my hand on my hard cock. I stroked it a few times, and gave my balls a squeeze. I thought about jerking off, but then remembered that I had company. It took a minute for me to remember who he was, and how he got there.

Friday, Eddie and Jose, a couple of hunky Latinos, delivered my new sofa. Before they left I had sucked both of their cocks and swallowed two nice big loads. They had to get the truck back to the warehouse, or I'm sure they would have been happy to stay for more. As it was, Jose came back later by himself and told me, in his limited English, that he wanted to fuck me. Which is what he proceeded to do, letting me ride his cock for a good long time. When I was ready for the fun to end, I dismounted and stroked both his cock and mine until we erupted, shooting sperm all over his belly and chest, even hitting his mouth with a couple of spurts. A good time was had by all, as they say! Jose surprised me by inviting himself to spend the night, not that I'm complaining. So that explains the strange man in my bed.

OK, so his name is Jose, he doesn't speak much English, he's a good looking guy, and I don't know if he's gay but he definitely showed me a good time last night. I looked over in his direction to see if he was awake. He was lying on his side, with his back to me, so I couldn't be sure. Either way I didn't think he'd mind if I woke him up to have sex. I slid in behind him, letting my cock brush against his ass, and put an arm around him. He gave a little moan, so I knew he was at least half awake. When he took my hand and guided it to his cock, there was no doubt. He was just as hard as I was. We snuggled a little, I played with his cock a little, and soon we were both ready for more.

Jose reached back and took my cock in his hand. He gave it a few strokes, then shifted his body and held the tip of my cock against his asshole. The invitation was clear, so I took a timeout to get a condom and some lube, then got back into place. I pressed my lubed, jacketed cock into his ass, nice and easy. As far as I knew we had all morning, so I was in no hurry. I pushed in until I felt some resistance, then pulled back and started again, pushing in another fraction of an inch, then again, and again. Little by little I worked my way into his ass, until his sphincter opened up and the head of my cock was inside him.

I held still, waiting for his body language to tell me he was ready for more. After about a minute he moved back against me, taking me deeper, and I thrust my hips forward to meet him. When I had given him a few short, gentle strokes, I withdrew completely and got more lube. He said something that I think meant "Don't stop," and I entered him again. This time I slid into him more easily, and went as deep as I could reach. We fucked like that for a while, lying spoon fashion with my cock pumping lazily in and out of his ass and my free hand slowly stroking his cock. In that position there wasn't much friction, and I felt like I could fuck him all morning.

In time, though, I was ready for a change. I turned him onto his back and ran my hands over his body. He has almost no body hair except for the black tuft surrounding his brown, uncut cock. He was still hard as a rock, and I couldn't resist sucking him, just a little. I put a little lube on his cock to make it slide down my throat more easily, then ran my lips all the way down the shaft, until I felt his pubic hairs tickling my nose. He was getting more excited, but I didn't want him to cum just yet.

I put his legs up over my shoulders, pointed my cock in the right direction, and pushed it into his ass in one long, smooth motion, not stopping until my balls were pressed against his butt. I was deeper inside him than before, and he made a sound that could be a moan of pleasure, or a groan of pain. The look on his face told me it was pleasure, and when he put his hands on my ass and pulled me into him, I was sure. I began thrusting into him with long, deep strokes. Meanwhile, he was stroking his cock in rhythm with me, at first just playing with himself and enjoying the sensation. Before long he was stroking himself faster, his face was flushed, and his breath was coming in quick, ragged bursts. I felt his sphincter tighten around my cock, and the first shot came flying out onto his chest. I pushed my cock in as deep as it would go and held on, while he pumped semen all over the place.

I was afraid he would want me to stop fucking him now that he had cum, but he said, "You cum too." I interpreted that to mean that he wanted to feel me get off in his ass, and I was only too happy to oblige. I gave him a series of short strokes, trying to get maximum stimulation. My cock started to throb, I pushed it in to the hilt, then I was dumping my load. It felt great, as if I hadn't cum all week, and I held onto the sensation as long as I could. Eventually, though, I slipped out of his ass, and he pulled me down onto him and gave me a big, wet kiss. We enjoyed the afterglow for a bit, then I suggested that we could shower together.

In a funny way, that felt more intimate than having sex. I ran my hands all over his body, and he did the same with me. I soaped up his cock and balls and played with them, then slipped a soapy finger into his ass. He pulled me into his strong arms, hugging me close to him, and said, "I need to go now." I wasn't really wanting more sex, I just loved playing with him and feeling him close, so I pulled away, reluctantly. We got out of the shower, dried each other off, and got dressed. I walked him to the front door, where he turned and gave me a soft, sexy kiss on the lips. He gave me a pat on the ass, said "Muchas gracias, amigo," and he was gone.