 A stone had hit my windshield and left a small crack in it. I called my insurance company to get it fixed and they said that I could either take it to a local facility or a technician could come to my home and repair it. Opting for the easiest way to get it fixed, I made an appointment for the tech to come to my home and repair it on site. It was set up for Tuesday between 8am and 12 noon. Now, more often than not, the repairman arrives a few minutes after 12. It's very frustrating, waiting and waiting, and then have him show up after the expected time.

Anyway, Tuesday came and instead of getting up at my usual 7am, I didn't get out of bed until 8. I sleep in the nude so I put on my bathrobe and went to the kitchen to make my morning coffee. Among my several morning rituals besides coffee, reading the morning paper, and catching the news on the internet, is a review of some of my favorite sex blogs.

I'm a man of varied tastes. I have a particular interest in mature attractive women, especially if they're shaved: milfs, cougars, and grannies. After all, I'm no spring chicken myself. The younger they look, the more out of reach they are for me. I also have a penchant for shaved men (I've been bald for years), and cum shots, particularly coming (pun intended!) from the source. My blog choices include several gay websites with pictures of men in various poses of release.

My laptop is set up on the kitchen table. Any morning you can find it open to one of the blogs described above, my coffee cup sitting next to it one side, and the morning paper on the other. Every morning my wife goes to the gym so I'm left alone to enjoy my java and entertainment for at least a couple of hours. Invariably, as I view the blogs, my hand comes to rest on my chubbed-up penis. It would be a shame to let an erection go to waste so I usually treat myself to some personal sexual gratification.

I forgot about the windshield tech coming when my doorbell rang. It was only a few minutes after 8 and he was supposed to call before he arrived. Without thinking about what I was wearing, I got up and opened the door. In front of me was a rather hunky black fellow about 30 years old, with a shaved head. He was in his glass company overall uniform, a one-piece with a bunch of buttons down the front from neck to groin. His neck was well-toned leading from his head to a pair of very broad shoulders. He looked like a guy that worked out a lot.

"Good morning, Sir. My name is André. Sorry I didn't call but I was so close by. Will I be able to fix your windshield this morning?" I'm the kind of person who likes to shake hands when I meet someone. It gives me a sense of the person. You know, a soft wimpy handshake or a sweaty palm handshake. I extended my hand to André and we shook hands in a robust embrace. I liked that.

"No problem, André. It's unusual for me to be first on the list. I'm usually the very last. Please come in. Can I offer you a cup of coffee before you get started?"

"That would be most kind of you. I didn't want to stop this morning for coffee because my schedule is so full." André followed me into the kitchen, looking around.

"Cream, sugar?"

'Both, please. 

By the way, this is a beautiful place you have here."

My condo is brand new so it has all the latest appliances and everything is pristine. I watched him as he perused every square inch but then I noticed his eyes had settled on my laptop on the kitchen table. I was immediately embarrassed. It was open to a blog called 'Gay Cumeating' and there was a vivid picture of a penis ejaculating into a mouth.

André put his coffee down on the counter and approached me. He was standing no more than an arm's length away.

"Sir, you have excellent taste. Would you be interested in our special service? It's of no extra cost to you." He touched my chest below my neck, where the lapels on my bathrobe folded over one another. The finger moved downward very slowly, opening my robe until he was down to the belt which was tied in a loose knot.

My cock was hardening and within seconds would probably make an appearance of its own.

"Why would you offer me this special service? Is it offered to every customer?"

"No, Sir. It is up to the discretion of the technician to decide who is offered the extra service and you fit my criteria."

Whatever the criteria was, it didn't matter. At this point, the head of my dick was beginning to make an appearance between the folds of my robe.

So, may I give you the special service?"

"Yes, yes. Go ahead!" I was very turned on.

André undid my belt and opened my bathrobe. My dick was now sticking straight out. André unbuttoned the top three buttons on his overalls and pulled his arms out of the sleeves, revealing a shiny and smooth upper torso accentuated by rippling muscles and two beautifully formed nipples, one with a gold barbell through it. God, he was hot!!!

"I like to be comfortable while I perform the service."

"Do you offer this special service often?"

"I try to be as service-oriented as possible, but not all of my customers are interested in the service."

"Do you offer it to both men and women?"

"Yes. You'd be surprised at how many women ask if we offer special services, but let me provide the special service and then I can fix your windshield."

André dropped to his knees in front of me. His head was level with my rigid cock. André had a thick pair of lips that looked like they could make a man feel really good.

"Take your robe off, please."

I leaned against the kitchen counter and dropped my robe to the floor, standing stark naked in front of this beautiful black man who was on his knees in front of me.

"Very nice. Have you been waiting for me?' Andre had a broad smile on his face as he looked at my shaved cock and balls. The next thing I knew was that his very sensual lips were pressing against the head of my very turgid cock. As slowly as he could, André took my cock into his mouth. He stopped when he had the whole head of my cock in his mouth. At that point, he started to suck on just the head of my cock. The feeling was exquisite. At the same time, André was using his tongue to massage my glans. Because he was a stranger to me and there was a degree of tension for me about what was happening, André had some work ahead of him. My brain and my penis weren't really synchronized.

I looked down at André. He looked up at me and his eyes were smiling. At that point, André's mouth moved down on my cock. Within seconds he had half my cock in his mouth. I'm not huge but I'm not small either. I'd say I'm about 6 inches or so when I'm hard and I'm about 2 inches in diameter. I'm not ashamed of my equipment. All the while, as his lips provided a strong grip, his tongue was caressing my cock. André's strong hands were massaging my thighs, moving up until they firmly gripped my ass cheeks. He pulled me forward and, in a matter of seconds, my cock was all the way in his mouth. His full lips were pressing up against my smooth pubic bone. His tongue was stroking the bottom of my cock. The man was incredibly talented.

André was moving back and forth on my cock. All the way out and then all the way in, giving my cock a slow methodical massage with his sensual lips. His big hands were kneading my buttocks, pulling me forward and then releasing me with a definite rhythm. At this point my brain and cock were definitely in synch. I could feel the pleasure starting to build. My orgasm was not far off. André knew it because he intensified his sucking.

"I'm going to cum!"

It was only fair to let him know that I was about to blow my load. And I did, with waves of incredibly intense pleasure. My dick exploded in torrents into André's mouth, pulse after pulse after pulse. I had never, ever had a blowjob like that before. I know that my jism filled his mouth but he made the best of it. Actually, his enthusiasm testified to his enjoyment. André swallowed my spunk several times. He kept my dick in his mouth until I started to soften. He pulled back, leaving me with a shrunken penis but a big smile on his face.

"I hope you enjoyed my special service. I know that I did."

"Oh my God!" It was a cliché but it was all I could say. In my life, I had had many a blowjob but this one was far and away the best I'd ever had.

"Thank you, André. That was phenomenal. I enjoyed it very much." That was an understatement, for sure.

André got up off his knees and buttoned up his uniform. I took a last look at his expansive chest with its single pierced nipple.

"Well, I've got work to do and a schedule to meet, so if you could show me where your car is, I can get started."

"It's in the garage. Follow me." I took him out to the garage.

"It's not too bad. I can use our new polymer technology and fill the chip and crack in. If, after I'm done, you're unhappy with the way it looks because it will leave a small scratch on the windshield, we can replace the windshield. Unfortunately, that would have to wait for another day if you wanted it done here, or you can take it to our shop."

"André, let's see how it comes out and then I'll make a decision." Of course, I wanted the windshield to be fixed correctly but I was wondering if I would get the 'special service' at the repair shop.

André set to work as I watched his rippled body stretch over the fender to reach the damaged area. I was able to get a nice look at him as his body extended. He had a fairly pronounced bulge in the front and a nice bubble butt in the back.

"I'm going in the house. Call me when you're done. OK?"

"Yes, Sir. It won't be more that another 15 minutes."

I went into my kitchen where my laptop was still open to the blog. I looked at the pictures with even more appreciation. About fifteen minutes had passed when I heard André come in from the garage.

"Sir, your windshield is done." We stepped outside where I examined André's efforts. Where the crack had once been there was just a tiny chip visible.

"The repair is completely guaranteed. If you're not satisfied, we'll be happy to replace the windshield, at your convenience, of course."

The remaining mark wasn't all that bad but I'm a perfectionist. 

"Let me live with it for a week or so. I'm not sure if it's acceptable. If I want a new windshield, would you be the tech who installs it?" I was concerned about the 'special service.'

"Yes sir, this is my territory."

"OK. Do you have something for me to sign?" I wanted to give him a 'special' tip in appreciation for his efforts but my wife was due home at any moment. The tip in mind would have been very similar to the 'special service' he gave me.

André offered me a clipboard with an acknowledgement of the repair and a copy of the guarantee on it.

I signed it and handed it back to him. "Thank you very much for all of your efforts, André. They were much appreciated."

"No sir, thank you, for your business and the opportunity to provide you with our services." André had a sort of Cheshire cat look on his face. He handed me a glass company business card with his name on it. "My cell phone number is on my card. Please feel free to call me if I can be of any further service."

The more I thought about it, the more dissatisfied I was becoming with the remaining defect in my windshield. I knew that only a new windshield would satisfy me and that I would be calling André soon.