 Chapter Eight - (Not) So Honest

Neither of them was talking, seemingly too trapped into observing the other. Heathcliff knew he was supposed to be the initiator, with Aidan being so guarded and almost on the point of running out the door.

"When you say you lack experience," he said softly, as he raised his hands to cup Aidan's face, "how much lack of experience are we talking about?"

"You know," Aidan trembled slightly under the caress, "the usual. I mean, I've been in college. I did have some experiences. So to speak. I know... all of it. It's just... I haven't done enough... Just yet."

Aidan was the sweetest when he was babbling like that. The armor he wore, which he thought thick, yet was paper thin, quickly crumbled away as soon as he was touched. Heathcliff could feel the subtle way in which Aidan was leaning into the caress like he wanted that more than anything.

"Then it's the right time to correct that," Heathcliff said in a tone that was supposed to sound encouraging and playful, but only came across as impatient. "It's good to know you're not a virgin."

"I'm not a virgin," Aidan said quickly, and his eyes darted sideways.

"Your cocksucking technique needs a little improvement," Heathcliff said as his voice dropped low, and his head, too, only enough to get level with the young man and brush his lips softly against the parted ones, waiting for his move. "And I will be so happy to help you with that."

"Okay," Aidan barely whispered, and Heathcliff closed their mouths together, filling the room with their soft moans.

After more than a decade of screwing guys like it was a sport, Heathcliff was a bit surprised to sense his arousal growing so fast the moment he put his hands on Aidan. Right now, the young man was whimpering softly, and Heathcliff wasn't singing out of tune, either, with his small, demanding grunts, as he was devouring the pliant mouth.

Was it the fact that Aidan was inexperienced? Was it because of how his big brown eyes, speckled with green, were honest? Was it because Heathcliff was pretty much on self-imposed celibacy because of the corporate bunny and that stupid NDA policy? 

It could be all that, and it would not have covered the whole truth. He sneaked his hands slower, caressing Aidan's neck in passing, and then he pushed down the suit jacket while the other began to help him by chucking it off and moving his arms, too, to touch back.

He wasn't going to rush this. He was going to take his time and relish in the delight of having Aidan. His fingers knew the drill as it was their second nature, as they unbuttoned the yuppie's perfect shirt, to reach inside and touch. 

Of them two, Aidan seemed to be the impatient one. He pushed away slightly, only to pull the white tee underneath over his head. Heathcliff took one moment to look at him, half dressed, his flawless skin enthralling, the way the few strands of hair gone rogue were curling against a slightly damp forehead.

He moved one hand to push them out of the way.

"Sorry," Aidan mumbled. "I tend to sweat when I'm nervous."

"Hmm." Heathcliff got closer and kissed the guy again. "I don't mind it. Am I making you nervous?"

"Yeah." Aidan threw his head back while Heathcliff began kissing his neck. "I mean, I have no idea what's going to happen next." He covered his embarrassment with another small laugh.

Heathcliff began unbuckling the other's belt. "Don't worry. Let's play a small game. You say the words, I follow. Now let me finish undressing you because I want us to get in the shower."

Aidan snickered. "I thought you were in charge, the master and all." 

Heathcliff felt a tiny bit distracted. Rightfully so, since his hands were now filling themselves with Aidan's gorgeous buttocks, free from the suit pants and underwear. Damn, he hoped Aidan wanted that, to take things further so that he could enjoy that ass. 

"Can we just, you know, keep to blowjobs and stuff?" Aidan murmured.

Hiding his disappointment would be hard. But maybe his impatience was not completely lost on the bunny, and that was sort of scary. "Sure," Heathcliff replied, with half a grimace.

There was time for everything. Heathcliff knew, with a clarity he had no idea he had in him, that he was in this for the long game. For months, if everything worked well, he had to advertise those protein shakes Aidan's company was selling. And that meant that his collaboration with bunny boy was going to continue.

An idea was starting to take shape in his brain. But he wasn't going to lose any precious time by thinking strategies. For now, there were more pressing matters, such as taking Aidan for a ride that was going to score positive points in his favor. He was all for consolidating his current position until he would take the next step. 

Also, he needed to honor his promise from the time they had been flirting over the dating app. Aidan had waited enough.

***

There was nothing more he wished for than to have Heathcliff take charge and show him how it was done, but Aidan also feared that he would not handle that well. Somehow he would make a fool of himself. In a way, it was good that Heathcliff was handing him the lead, although that was certainly not how things looked like. 

He liked the way Heathcliff held his hand in his. The man's touch was firm, without being overbearing. As they linked their fingers, Heathcliff pushed him slowly into the walk-in shower. Aidan could barely register how cool the shower was. He had used it before, that disappointing evening when Heathcliff had called him for a training session with absolutely no innuendo or follow up. Back then, he hadn't paid much attention to the amenities and had just washed quickly under the ceiling jets that ran water on the person underneath like a calming waterfall.

So Heathcliff was pretty much a water animal. That was something to write down. He wanted to know more about him, more than just the way he kissed. Aidan wanted Heathcliff Stone to teach him everything.

Well, he had lied a little earlier, he thought as he moaned softly and rested his head against the tiles, and Heathcliff continued to devour his neck like a vampire in dire need of a meal. He was half a virgin if that was a thing, but he had skimmed over the truth for fear of being rejected. Maybe Heathcliff Stone didn't do virgins. He would not put that theory to the test. That was him playing safe. 

"You're so cute and sweet," Heathcliff murmured as he dropped to his knees.

Droplets of water were catching in his short hair. Apparently, the shower also had some lighting function, as the soft blue light was making everything intensely erotic. Heathcliff's amazing eyes appeared even more magnetic as they looked up at him.

"Everywhere," Heathcliff added and bit Aidan's belly playfully.

"It's not fair," Aidan complained, but moved slightly, to allow the guy to sneak his hands around. "I don't have a perfect six pack like you."

"Maybe I don't want that." Heathcliff began licking around the bellybutton.

He was usually ticklish, but right now, everything Heathcliff did was making his arousal grow. Skilled hands were planted firmly on his ass, and he could feel them moving, little by little, toward the crack. 

Oh, damn, if Heathcliff told tell him to turn, spread, and take it, he wouldn't say 'no'. Which would be reckless, and impractical, and it wasn't the ideal way he imagined losing his V-card, but he would take that chance anyway. He had heard plenty about how anal sex wasn't that good under water. Something about lube losing its power and all that. 

But Heathcliff seemed to have taken his demand to heart, and Aidan looked down and saw how his hard cock was grabbed firmly. He inhaled loudly as Heathcliff touched him with his lips, and then used his mouth to cover the head only to roll down slowly. 

Unlike him, Heathcliff had no troubles chocking. Naturally so. Aidan was not by far as well-endowed as his partner. But he could not afford to be overly conscious right now, for no other reason than that his dick was following its own agenda, it was hard, and also enjoying tremendously how it was licked and sucked by Heathcliff Stone, the most handsome of all fitness gurus on social media. 

Oh, damn, he needed to pay attention. Maybe this would be nothing but a one-time thing, which only meant that he needed to store it away for jerk off purposes. The way Heathcliff was using his tongue had to be something straight out of some manual on giving head. Aidan had had no idea until now his dick had so many sensitive points. It was like Heathcliff was putting his mark on the map.

At the same time, he could not just overlook the way Heathcliff moved his hands, kneading his buttocks, and soon touching the so-called virgin territories. Aidan jolted and moaned loudly as a wet finger pressed against the closed entrance. Heathcliff wasn't penetrating him, but he was putting a bit of pressure, which was enough to make his eyes roll in his head.

Heathcliff stopped for a few seconds, letting go of Aidan's cock, only to push his fingers in his mouth, wetting them and then returning to the task at hand.

It wasn't like he had never wondered how it would be to come into someone's mouth while being stimulated like that. The finger at his hole moved more daringly now, crossing beyond the tight ring of muscles, but without going too deep. It was exciting, but also a bit frustrating. He adjusted his position and grabbed his butt cheeks to part them and let the other know he wanted more.

"I like it when you show initiative," Heathcliff commented, stopping again. "You want a finger in your butt, bunny boy?"

"Don't ask," Aidan murmured.

The soft water running down his body was enhancing the sensations. He shivered and whimpered as Heathcliff moved away his finger to wet it more and then stick it deeper. Aidan was confident he was soon going to feel something, which was pretty magical, and he used to give himself satisfaction when alone at home, using nothing but his fingers.

But Heathcliff's finger was better. Much, much better. And the tongue doing those crazy swirls on his hard cock, alternatively with small suctions, was better than anything else in the world right now. 

Aidan could feel his balls growing heavier, pulling closer to his body. "Oh, fuck, oh, damn, oh," he moaned helplessly, as Heathcliff's finger curled inside his ass, making him see heaven in an instant.

At the same time, Heathcliff was going faster and faster at working his cock. The squeeze was fantastic, even with just the mouth. Aidan risked another look at the man at his feet. This wasn't by far right, and he felt like he should be the one in that position, only the thought making him jolt with new bouts of pleasure. Sucking off a guy like that was a one in a million experience, he was sure. But being sucked off by a guy like that topped everything. Actually, he had no idea which one would have been better.

He would propose later a 69 if Heathcliff was still in the mood. Aidan hoped he would be because he needed to see how it felt to have his mouth filled with that gorgeous cock he knew now while having his own devoured like that.

That imagery was enough to push him over the edge. "Oh, fuck, coming, sorry," he cried out, realizing too late that it was just common courtesy to let the other know if you were about to blow.

But Heathcliff didn't seem put off by that in the slightest and just held Aidan there, squeezing him with that skillful mouth that made him see stars in broad daylight. Oh, fuck, was the only thing he could think of. He was practically coming in the other's mouth, and Heathcliff was even swallowing which meant it was better than any fantasy he could ever conjure in his imagination. 

"So, so sorry," he mumbled, covering his face as he was coming down and touching the ground again.

"What's all this sorry routine about?" Heathcliff chuckled as he stood up.

Their faces were close. He could smell himself on the other's breath. But they were so, so close, and Aidan had no idea how he was still standing. Heathcliff was gentle as he took Aidan's hands and took them away from his face. 

"Has anyone ever swallowed your load?" Heathcliff questioned, eyeing him a bit suspiciously.

"Of course," Aidan said brightly. "It's just that, um, I mean, I've never... well, you're a celebrity, okay? Forgive me if I'm a little too excited!"

"Ah, so this is all about me being big on social media?" Heathcliff questioned, somewhat amused. 

"No! I mean... c'mon, man. It's you, okay? You swallowing..." Aidan gulped nervously and looked away.

"Hmm," Heathcliff purred and came closer if that was possible. 

Heathcliff was now caressing his jawline with his lips. 

"I bet everyone is impressed when they have sex with you," Aidan said to his defense.

"You actually seem more impressed than others," Heathcliff pointed out. 

"Ah, well, I'm new to this," Aidan retorted.

"How new?" Heathcliff whispered into his ear.

"Don't act like you don't know. Just last night I... with you..."

"I'm not talking about me," Heathcliff continued to kiss him slowly, now licking the ear and sinking his teeth softly into the tender lobe. "I'm talking about sex."

"I've been with guys," Aidan protested feebly. "It's the 21st century. I have fuck buddies on speed dial."

He had no idea what he was saying. He didn't want to be this inexperienced aloof guy that Heathcliff had suddenly decided to take to his bed. 

"You do?" Heathcliff stopped for a second. "What were you doing on that dating app last night then?"

"No one was available on such short notice." Aidan looked away, hoping he could hide his blatant lies.

He was getting into this deeper and deeper.

"So," Heathcliff's hands moved slowly, increasing the pleasant sensations of the water slushing down his body, "it looks like you're much more experienced than what you let others know."

"I'm not. Well, compared to other people my age, I'm not," Aidan said quickly.

"Hmm, let's see then. Has anyone ever rimmed you before?"

Aidan gasped so loudly that Heathcliff laughed. "Oh, so that hasn't happened to you." He glued their bodies together. "It's nice to know I'll be a first of sorts for you."

Aidan swallowed with difficulty. What was that supposed to mean? Maybe he could tell Heathcliff he was actually a virgin? But no, that would not have been right. Heathcliff would think he was a liar, which he was, so he had nothing to say in his defense.

All he needed to do was to play it cool, as usual. "You don't have to do that," he murmured.

Heathcliff rimming him? He could not get hard so fast again. But he would let Heathcliff do whatever to him.

"Well, you're the one in charge. What would you like to do next?" Heathcliff asked.

"Sixty-nine," he said in a heartbeat.

Heathcliff grinned. "I like a man who knows what he wants. Let's wash and then take this to the bedroom. I want to run a full and thorough evaluation of what your lack of experience actually means."

Aidan just nodded. Could Heathcliff see through him and call him out on his lies? He hoped that wasn't the case. He liked where things were going, and he didn't want to be shut down for being dishonest.

***

Aidan's reactions to everything were a surprise. Heathcliff couldn't help but wonder whether the bunny had any experience whatsoever. Of course, it came with the territory that he was who he was, and people everywhere wanted to bed him, so maybe, just maybe, Aidan's excitement combined with his natural shyness was something normal.

Yet, it somehow rubbed him the wrong way that the corporate bunny had said he had fuck buddies on speed dial. He felt like he had been robbed of something, something that was important to him. But he was silly. It was impossible for a twenty-two-year-old with that kind of ass to be a virgin in the twenty-first century and in a city where so many good-looking men were at least willing to have a taste of the alternative lifestyle. 

So he had gotten to the bunny a little too late. But that didn't mean he couldn't enjoy being with him. Since when was he interested in virgins? Not that he was discriminating against virgins or anything. It was just that he hadn't met any so far. Everyone around was so well versed and knew everything. 

In other words, expected and sort of boring. By contrast, Aidan's lack of experience was exciting. 

"When did you have sex the first time?" he asked, caressing Aidan's ear with his lips, as they were moving slowly against one another, now stretched comfortably on the bed.

His desire for Aidan was a bit frightening. Heathcliff almost felt like asking him, point black, to go anal. But the young man had already stated his desire. The fact that Heathcliff needed to postpone his own was nothing short of delicious self-imposed torture.

"I was eighteen or something," Aidan mumbled.

"Ah, you don't quite remember then? Was it that forgettable?" Heathcliff laughed.

"I guess," the reply came like a whisper.

Aidan had no qualms to wrap his legs around Heathcliff, so their erections were touching. Heathcliff liked how Aidan was smaller than him in that department. Not that he had some superiority complex. He just knew he was big as a fact, and he found Aidan's cock as cute as its owner.

"You guess?" Heathcliff expressed his surprise.

"It was a party, and there was drinking and stuff," Aidan said weakly.

"Hmm, and after? Any experiences worth recalling?"

Curiosity was getting the better of him. It wasn't exactly like him to make conversation while in bed with a pretty thing like Aidan Spark. But he wanted so much to know what he was going against and what kind of guys he needed to compare himself to.

"A few," Aidan's voice was growing smaller and smaller.

"Your fuck buddies don't seem like a capable lot," Heathcliff insisted.

Aidan's hands were touching him slowly, caressing his chest, and he knew they should get to the real deal already, but he just wanted to hold the other for a little while longer like that.

"They don't compare to you. Can't, I mean," Aidan said with his disarming honesty.

Heathcliff felt elated. It was veiled praise, but praise, nonetheless. He was more than willing to take it. With a small laugh, he pushed himself up. "Butt to me," he gestured for Aidan to turn.

The bunny looked at him, frowning a bit.

"I want to eat your ass a little, then we can do your sixty-nine," Heathcliff explained.

"Um, okay," Aidan blushed and turned to sit on his fours. "Like this?" he asked over his shoulder.

Heathcliff knelt before the bed and pulled Aidan closer, grabbing him firmly by his dick with one hand.

"Oh, fuck," Aidan groaned. 

Yeah. The bunny's reactions were way too endearing. Heathcliff would be a total fool if he let that delicious rump get away from him.

He was about to get to work when somewhere, a phone went off. Ah, it wasn't his. Aidan straightened up.

"Just let it," he said.

"It might be important," Aidan replied and began rummaging through the clothes on the floor. 

Heathcliff stood up with a sigh and sat on the bed. Aidan's small frown as the guy checked his phone was telling him he would not get to rim the guy, and he could kiss that sixty-nine goodbye, too.

"I'm needed at work," Aidan murmured.

"Weren't you off the hook for today or something?" Heathcliff protested.

He could tell he sounded petty. But he couldn't help it. Sexual frustration hadn't been on schedule for today.

"I'm the youngest in the department," Aidan explained. "Everyone wants to yank me around. Especially the boss."

"Hmm," Heathcliff grunted and looked away. 

He could hear Aidan getting dressed and he knew well he could not behave like a kid and ask to be put first, but he felt so much like he wanted to throw a tantrum. 
