 Starting from my mid-teens, I discovered I had a growing fascination with having sex with another man. Although I'd always considered myself straight, the thought of having a huge cock fucking me in the ass or spraying cum down my throat was at times inescapable. However I remained wary of actually acting on these fantasies. I was open to very few people about my bisexuality, and didn't really want to just do it with a stranger that I could meet through the internet. I often thought that I'd never really have the courage to go through with my fantasy - until one day the perfect opportunity presented itself. 

I had just moved back home after graduating from college and was living with my parents. Living with them wasn't so bad, but I did enjoy when they went away every weekend to our lake cabin. The weekend of their anniversary they left as usual, but because my mom wasn't able to get off work early, they took both of our cars. Our house was in the middle of nowhere, and while I did have friends who could pick me up, no one was available that night. I was stuck at home with nothing to do, and more importantly, nothing to eat. I pulled out the phone book and ordered a pizza from the local delivery place. While I was waiting for the pizza, I pulled a beer from the fridge. Considering my empty stomach and the time it took for the pizza to arrive, the two beers I'd drank had me feeling a bit tipsy. When I heard the delivery car pull up I sauntered over to the door and opened it. Usually the delivery driver was a older woman on the plump side, not really my cup of tea. But the driver this time was a handsome black man, probably around 40 and quite muscular. He smiled at me and asked how my night was going.

"Oh pretty good," I replied. He glanced inside the house and noticed the two empty beer bottles sitting on the counter.

"And are you behaving yourself young man," he said with a chuckle, "or are being a bad boy?" 

"Trying to behave myself, I guess."

He laughed again. "Well, I suppose trying is better than nothing." He handed me the pizza and told me it would be $18.61. I pulled out a twenty and told him to keep the change. I apologized for not having more to give him as a tip, but he told me not to worry about it. But it didn't feel right giving him a tip that was only a little more than 7%. Maybe it was the alcohol, maybe it was his knowing grin, but I felt comfortable around this guy and in a split-second decided to make my move.

"How about I suck you cock and we call it good?" I purred in my best porn star voice. He looked shocked at what I had just asked and was speechless for a good few seconds. 

"Um...what? Are you...seriously?" 

"I couldn't give you much of a tip. Why don't you give me some of your tip." I couldn't believe that I'd just come up with that, but he smiled and seemed intrigued. He looked around, saw that there were no other houses in sight, and wordlessly stepped inside and closed the door.

I led him into the kitchen and as soon as I'd set the pizza down and turned around, he grabbed my body and started kissing me passionately. I was tentative at first but soon let him stick his tongue into my mouth. I'd never really fantasized about doing anything sensual with a man, but the feeling of a strong body dominating me was exhilarating. I rubbed his back and shoulders as he grabbed my ass with both hands. As we pressed against each other I could feel his cock growing in his pants. After about 5 minutes of this, I knew I was ready to go.

"Come on, we should get a little more comfortable," I said, leading him into the living room. He quickly took off his shoes, socks, and shirt, while I stripped off my socks, shirt, and jeans, and stood in front of him in just my boxers. As he sat down on the couch he told me to get on my knees and unzip his shorts. I did as I was told. After I pulled his shorts and underwear off, I grabbed his erect penis and started jacking it off. It was probably 8 inches and thick, everything I'd always dreamed about. Although I'd never done anything like this before, I all seemed to come so naturally to me. I continued rubbing his cock and kissed his chest, steadily moving downwards towards his crotch. I spit on his thick member and took the tip into my mouth. I then started to lick it from balls to tip, and he groaned in approval. However, when I tried to take more than a few inches of his cock in my mouth, my gag reflex kicked in, and after a few minutes it became apparent that it was going to to be hard for me to get him to bust a nut. 

"I'm so sorry, it's my first time-"

"Hey I understand," he said, "we all have a first time. Why don't you show me that cute bubble butt I know you got in those boxers." I hadn't expected things to go this far, but at this point I was willing to try anything. My cock sprung up as I dropped my boxers to the floor, and then I turned around so that he could see my ass. He started off by rubbing my cheeks and then stuck a fingers inside to massage my asshole. I was getting so horny and he could tell.

"You want this inside you?"

"Fuck yeah," I said with a sneer, "I want all of it." With that I took his hand and led him upstairs to my bedroom. As we entered the bedroom he picked me up and threw me on to my bed. He then crawled between my legs to finger and rim me until my ass was ready to take his thick cock. When he asked if I was ready to take it, I nodded breathlessly. He eased it in, allowing my asshole to take an inch at a time until all 8 inches were in. I moaned as he then starred pumping his cock in and out of me. It hurt, but the pain felt so right, so natural. After fucking me in the missionary position for a while, he flipped me around and started doing me doggystyle. I also rode him on top and had him spoon me - he clearly had a lot of experience and knew how to hold his load. I finally came while we were spooning, sending cum gushing all over my sheets. 

"Oh shit, oh shit, I'm gonna cum!" he exclaimed. Hearing these words made me get on my knees and grab his cock. A few pulls on it shot cum all over my face and into my mouth. We were both exhausted and gasped for air after he finished. Just as I was going to suggest we cuddle for a while, he jumped up and ran downstairs.

"I'm sorry man, I gotta go. I'm probably gonna get fired for taking so long." As soon as I had made it downstairs he was in his car, pulling out of the driveway. I was disappointed, but I knew I would be ordering a pizza every weekend from now on...