 It was Friday afternoon, 4:30, and I still didn't have my sofa. I bought it a week ago, and they said the earliest they could deliver it was Friday afternoon, between 1 and 5 pm. No problem, I thought. I went to the gym in the morning, took care of a couple of errands, and then settled in to wait for the guys from the furniture store. If they had been there right at 1:00 I think I would have gone into shock, but I'm pretty good at entertaining myself. I had a good book to read, the Internet to surf, I could even take a nap if it came to that. Still, by now it was 4:30, and I was tired of waiting.

Finally the doorbell rang and I ran downstairs. When I opened the door the truck was backed up practically to my doorstep, and there were two young Latino dudes standing there. They were in their 20s I guess, good looking and pretty well built. The one who seemed to be in charge checked my name to be sure they were in the right place, then introduced himself. "I'm Eddie, and this is Jose. Where are we going with the sofa?" I showed him the way upstairs. My condo is one of those where the ground floor is the garage, the second floor is the main living area, and the bedrooms are on the third floor. Eddie was a little concerned about getting the sofa up the stairs and around the corner into the living room. He and Jose conferred, then they started bringing it up. Luckily, it turned out not to be any problem.

I checked out the sofa to be sure there was no damage or anything, then offered the guys a beer. Eddie declined for both of them. "If we got caught drinking on the job, they'd fire us." I offered bottled water instead, which they accepted, then asked if there was anything else I could get them. Jose said something in Spanish, and they both laughed. I asked what he said, and Eddie replied "Oh nothing, he's just being rude!"

"No, really, what did he say?" I asked.

Eddie smiled sort of sheepishly and said "You sure you want to know?" I just nodded, and Eddie gave a little shrug. "He said a blowjob would be nice." Sounded good to me!.

"Just him, or both of you?" I asked.

Eddie grinned and answered, "If you're offering, I'm in!" I looked over at Jose and nodded. In a flash his pants were down around his ankles, exposing a nice uncut cock at half mast. I reached out and touched him, and his cock quickly grew to full size.

"Very nice!" I said, giving it a few strokes and coaxing out a bit of precum. I dropped to my knees in front of him to have a taste. I took the head into my mouth, and Jose gave a little groan of pleasure. I had a feeling he wasn't going to last long, so I didn't try anything fancy. I ran my lips up and down the shaft a few times, then took him all the way into my throat. His cock was about six inches long or maybe a little more, and thick. I didn't have any trouble taking it all, and soon my lips were brushing against his balls. He made a growling sound and his cock seemed to grow another inch. I pulled back so that just the head was in my mouth, and gave his shaft a series of strong, rhythmic strokes. He exploded, filling my mouth with a thick, creamy load that I thought would never end. I continued sucking him until he stopped me, putting a hand on my head and pulling his cock out of my mouth.

"Good!" he said, then turned to Eddie and repeated it. "He's good!"

The whole thing took about 5 minutes, I'd guess, and now it was Eddie's turn. While I was blowing Jose, Eddie had taken off his clothes, and now he was standing there naked. "I might take a little longer," he said. "That OK?" I didn't say anything, just ran my hand over his belly, down across his crotch, just brushing against his cock, then cupping his balls in the palm of my hand. They were already pulled up tight against his body, so I massaged them gently, getting them loose. I sat on the sofa, pulled him closer, and began sucking and licking his balls, taking first one then the other into my mouth. At one point I had them both in my mouth at once, and he moaned "Oh yeah! Fuck, that feels great!"

I thought to myself, you ain't seen nothin' yet! I ran my tongue all the way up from his balls to the tip of his cock then down again a few times, never quite taking him into my mouth, but getting closer each time. When I finally took the head between my lips, he was covered with precum. I sucked him gently for a while, just the head at first, then another inch, then two. I put my arms around his waist, my hands on his butt cheeks, and pulled him into me.

He said something to Jose in Spanish, then translated for me: "I told him I think I'm in love!" They both laughed, and I kept working his cock, trying to see how hot I could get him before he lost control. I was sucking him steadily, and had a hand on his balls, squeezing them in the same rhythm. Now I had him put one foot up on the sofa, and I began to tease his ass with my free hand. I wasn't sure how he might react, so I took my time, but when I finally zeroed in on his anus, he whispered "Yeah, that's it. Give me a finger." My pleasure! I stuck a finger in my mouth to coat it with saliva, then pushed it into his ass. The first knuckle went in easily to his sphincter. I hesitated, just an instant, and he pushed back against my hand, taking me deeper. I worked my finger in and out a few times, and he said "Try two." Holding my first two fingers together I pushed them into him, while he fucked my mouth.

I knew he was going to cum soon. I pulled my fingers out of his ass and gave him my thumb instead. With the other hand I stroked his shaft, intensifying the sensations he was getting. He held out for as long as he could, thoroughly enjoying himself. Finally it was too much for him, he lost control, and I got my second mouthful of warm cream in a little less than a half hour. He had a nice load for me, nearly as big as Jose's, and I just kept sucking and swallowing, getting every last drop. When he pulled away from me, he was laughing. He said something to Jose, then he said, "Holy shit man, I never came like that before in my life!"

"Glad you liked it," I said, grinning.

I looked over at Jose and saw that he was hard again. He said something to Eddie in Spanish, Eddie told him "No," then said to me, "We have to get the truck back before the warehouse guys leave. If they stay late for us, their overtime comes out of our checks."

So that was it. We all said goodby, I went to the door with them, and watched them pull away in their truck. I poured myself a drink and tried to relax, without success. As much as I enjoyed my little adventure with Eddie and Jose, now I was all horned up and ready for more. I decided to go downtown to my favorite bar and see if I could find someone to help put out the fire.

I had a quick bite to eat, then went upstairs to clean up. I started with the anal douche, just in case I got lucky. With that taken care of, I got a shower, shaved, put on a dash of my Dick Magnet cologne, and headed out. I made it as far as the stairway when the doorbell rang. I was tempted to ignore it and wait for whoever it was to go away, but fortunately I went to the door, opened it, and was surprised to see Jose standing there.

The first words out of his mouth, I swear, were "I wanna fuck you!"

I pulled him inside and closed the door. I didn't want my neighbors listening in on this conversation! "You're sure?" I asked him.

"Sure," he answered. "You like it, right?"

I could tell that he'd had a drink or two, but he didn't seem drunk. "Have you done this before?"

He gave a little shrug of one shoulder, saying, "Couple of times." I wasn't sure if that meant he wasn't too experienced, or if he just didn't want me to think he was gay. Either way, I'd save myself a trip downtown.

"Come on," I said, and led him up to my bedroom. He pulled out a bottle of tequila and handed it to me. I hesitated for just an instant, then had to laugh at myself. A couple of hours ago I gave this guy a blowjob and let him cum in my mouth. Now I wasn't sure about sharing a bottle with him? I took a swig, swished it around in my mouth, then swallowed, enjoying the burn as it went down.

I told Jose to undress, lie back and let me take care of him. He propped a couple of pillows against the head of the bed so he could watch, then laid back and let me get to work. I took his cock in my mouth and began sucking him. He wasn't hard at first, so I was able to take it all, clear down to the balls, and feel it stiffen and grow in my mouth. I love that! When he was good and hard, I ran my lips up and down several times, taking him deep into my throat. He started to get excited, so I backed off and went for his balls. I loved the way he squirmed and moaned as I sucked first one then the other into my mouth. I sucked his cock a little more, making sure he was still hard as a rock, then I was ready for the main event.

I got a condom and rolled it onto his cock, lubed it up well, and straddled him. Holding the tip against my asshole, I slowly started to lower myself onto him. I took my time, until I felt my sphincter open up. I held still with just the head inside me, took a deep breath, then pushed down until he was buried to the hilt. I pulled all the way off of him, got some more lube, then started again. This time I took his full length in one smooth motion and began riding up and down on his cock. The feeling was fantastic, and evidently he agreed. He started to say something in Spanish, then stopped and said, "Wow, that's great!"

I wondered how long he could last, but I had nothing to worry about. I rode him until I'd had all I wanted, then dismounted and pulled the condom off. I put some lube in the palm of my hand, rubbed my hands together, and began stroking his cock with my right hand and mine with my left. I really tried to make us both cum at the same time, and the result was close enough. When I couldn't hold back any more I started shooting my load all over his belly and chest. That was enough to put him over the edge, and I was still cumming when he started. His first couple of shots mixed with mine on his chest, then he fired off a couple of really strong ones that landed right in his mouth. I ran my fingers around on his chest, mixing his semen and mine together, and let him suck it off my hand. He loved it, so I had a taste myself. Heaven!

By now we were both exhausted. Jose went to the bathroom to take a piss. I thought he would want to get dressed and leave, but instead, he returned to the bed and snuggled with me until we fell asleep in each other's arms. He was still there in the morning when I woke up. But that's another story.