 Catherine and Norma didn't intend to spend the weekend with their nineteen-year-old boyfriends, but they followed their new instincts. It led them to a night of rough passion in Catherine's home. Both women had grown lucky with their multiple prospects. One of them included having to snag two young men who admired them for who they were, both inside and out. Catherine and Norma, both at the age of forty-three, felt blessed to have found success both in terms of their careers and their relationships. Ben and Jacob had become the men that they had yearned for: young, handsome, and respectful.

So it was no wonder that the four of them would end the Friday night with an intimate encounter in the bedroom. Catherine's house, which was located on a small hill in the city of Escondido, became the perfect place for their most personal expressions. Catherine and Norma submitted themselves to their young boyfriends. Everyone stripped naked and found a perfect spot on Catherine's king-sized bed. Ben and Jacob thrust their cocks deep into the moaning women. No one had found a complaint. They enjoyed themselves. They would never doubt their abilities to either command or be commanded.

And when it was over, everyone soon lay on the bed for some rest. Naked and exhausted, they closed their eyes and went to sleep. Even with the hot sticky cum collected from within the women's weak spot, everyone would end it on a positive note.

But soon after midnight, Catherine opened her eyes. She was now wide awake. The lights were still on (though partially dimmed) in the room. She had a clear view of the bed she lay in. The busty redhead checked the time on the nightstand. She would have gone back to sleep, but she had wild ideas roaming around in her head. She turned her head to find Jacob still lying beside her. The blond-haired young man seemed so innocuous in her arms. She couldn't help but smile. She loved him. She would never want to let go of him.

Most of the time, she held the reins in the relationship. She would get her way and there would be no objections from Jacob. He didn't mind the times that she acted like a queen in her domain. She felt grateful to have someone who understood and appreciated his position in her life. And she embraced it, to the point that she would want him to follow some of her more unusual commands.

As a matter of fact, she wanted him to do something that he had never done. She checked to see if Norma and Ben were also asleep. They still lay on the other side of the bed. Ben lay flat on his back. Catherine sighed as she slowly caressed Jacob's blond hair. Jacob opened his eyes. He didn't move as Catherine kissed him on the forehead.

Jacob whispered, "What're you thinking right now?"

Catherine chuckled. His question was perfect timing.

She replied, "I want to see you do something."

Jacob raised his head. "What?"

Catherine couldn't stop smiling as she kissed him on the lips. "Ben's still sleeping, but that doesn't matter. I want this to happen right now."

"What do you want?"

Catherine licked her lip. "I want you to suck his cock right now."

Jacob didn't flinch. "Really?"

"Oh, yes. I want to see you suck his dick. I want to see how well you handle it."

She kissed him and brought him up to his knees. She whispered in his ear, "Do it for me. I want to see you do the same things that I would do to you."

She could almost feel Jacob shivering from her choice of words. He looked down at Ben. The young black-haired man still had his cock fully erect even after his intimate connection with Norma.

Catherine moaned with excitement. "Look at it, Jacob. Look at that cock. Suck it. Open your mouth and put it inside you. Let me see what you can do."

She waited for him to follow her command. It didn't take Jacob very long to even question her motive. He bent down and opened his mouth. He took Ben's hard dick without hesitation. He didn't even pull himself away from it as he put it in.

Catherine's smile grew bigger. Jacob grabbed hold of Ben's cock with his fingers and moved his own head up and down. He now resembled a woman who gave her boyfriend an intimate blowjob. The tip of the cock must have reached the back of Jacob's throat several times already. Catherine's boyfriend didn't stop. He continued his steady motion at a slow and careful pace.

Catherine sighed with glee. She watched him cram Ben's cock in his mouth and suck it. Her wish had finally come true. Jacob followed her command and didn't even back away. He didn't even seem to be embarrassed by his exploration into new territory. With his eyes still closed, Ben started to slowly squirm. He must have felt it in his dreams. Jacob's terrific performance led to Ben moaning while still stuck in tonight's reverie. Catherine didn't want to wake him up. She waited to see how long he would wake up from Jacob's slow recital.

She whispered to Jacob, "Don't stop. Just keep going."

Ben gasped. He finally opened his eyes. He looked down at what Jacob was doing to him. He was stunned by this sudden change in behavior.

Catherine assured Ben that everything would be fine. "I'm getting a kick out of this. I knew Jacob would do a good job. I love to see him take some dick for once."

Ben didn't move. He still lay flat on his back. He observed Jacob's new role. Jacob kept going. This time, his motions experienced a smooth acceleration. His head moved quicker.

Ben took quicker breaths. "Oh...that feels good."

Catherine replied, "I knew it would."

It was now Norma's turn to wake up. She didn't say anything. She just appeared amused by what had already transpired in her friend's bedroom.

Catherine pulled Jacob's hair and made him lose the taste of thick skin by pulling him away from Ben's cock. The erect cock was now drenched in saliva.

Jacob licked his lips. "His dick tastes good."

Catherine didn't spot any cum on his lips, which led her to believe that Ben didn't release his seed just yet.

She caressed Ben's wet cock. "It feels good, doesn't it?"

Jacob brushed away several strands of his hair from his face. "I didn't think I'd have an entire cock in my mouth...but it felt really good."

Catherine gave him another kiss on the forehead. "You're doing very well."

Norma sat up straight with a smile on her face. "The way he sucks that dick...I should have woken up a lot sooner."

"Don't worry. There's more to see."

She whispered to Jacob, "Go on. Put that cock deep inside you."

Jacob closed his eyes for a moment. "Now that I think of it...I do want to know what it feels like to have one inside me."

Catherine stayed on her knees while on the bed. "Show me that you can handle it. I want to see you take it."

Norma began to stand the same way: down on her knees. Both young men were situated in the middle of the bed. Catherine and Norma stayed on each side of it as they were about to become witnesses to their submissive companions.

Norma urged Ben to remain lying on his back. Jacob brought Catherine's fantasy into reality. He towered over Ben as he situated himself on the latter's lap. He got down on his knees and lowered himself onto Ben's personal monument.

Jacob whispered, "Let me have that cock."

He bent down and gave Ben a slow and sensuous kiss. Ben still didn't move. He had no objections to what the two older women wanted out of them.

As Jacob lowered his hips even further down, the tip of Ben's moist cock reached the hole. Jacob didn't stop moving downward. The cock slid right into his lower hole. Jacob gasped. His body started to tremble as Ben's cock was now deep inside him.

Catherine grabbed his arm. "Don't be afraid. Just take it all in."

Jacob now had the entire cock deep inside him. Judging by his reaction, the tip of it must have hit his weak spot.

Catherine chuckled. "Oh, don't stop there. Keep taking that cock."

Jacob didn't need any specific instructions. He just followed Catherine's simple command. He began to move his hips up and down in a slow rhythmic motion. Ben's cock slid in and out of his tight ass. Jacob's breathing grew louder. So far, he made no intention of quitting his position. He kept moving his hips in a steady rhythm.

The two women just observed the procedure in silence. Catherine brought her fists up to her chest. She felt mesmerized by her boyfriend's ability to receive Ben's cock with pride. She was proud of his new behavior. She didn't want it to stop. She wanted to see more of it.

Jacob grabbed hold of Ben's arms as he helped stimulate the latter's cock in the most precious way possible.

Norma had a big grin on her face. "Oh, he's doing fine."

Catherine moaned. "Yes, he is."

Jacob's hips picked up speed. He bent down and kissed Ben on the lips yet again. Their tongues even touched, which gave Catherine the right kind of thrills she had desired from her wishes.

Jacob moaned. "Oh, your cock feels so good."

Ben smiled. "I feel like I should fuck you all night."

Norma giggled. "I'd love to see that."

Jacob continued on with a quickened pace. The cock slid in and out of him. His repeated moaning increased in volume. It sounded like pure bliss to Catherine's ears. Jacob seemed incredibly entranced by his own submissiveness. Ben's stimulated cock made him breathe through his gritted teeth.

Norma persuaded them to keep moving forward. "Oh, don't stop. Take that dick like a good boy."

She pulled at her long brown hair as she watched her own boyfriend give the other a fine treat for the bottom.

Jacob moaned even louder. "Oh, your cock is amazing!"

Catherine cheered him on. "Yes, take it. Feel that cock deep inside your ass."

Ben grabbed hold of Jacob's hips. "Oh, I'm going to cum inside you."

Jacob didn't stop moving up and down. "Yes! I want it all!"

Catherine held her breath as she waited for the eruption to take place in her boyfriend's inner walls.

Jacob gasped. "Oh, fuck!"

He stopped moving.

Ben growled. "Fuck, yes!"

Catherine could sense the ejaculation finally taking place inside her blond boyfriend. Jacob landed on top of Ben in exhaustion. He rested his head on Ben's shoulder. Both of them had sweat dripping down their foreheads. Catherine looked down at the dick that plugged Jacob's hole. A thin trail of Ben's semen spilled out of the hole and landed on the sheets.

Norma, who had messaged her clit throughout the observation, sighed with glee. "Why'd you have to stop so early?"

Catherine bent down and continued to caress Jacob's hair. "Oh, you took that cock like a real champ."

Jacob replied, "Now I know how it feels to have a dick deep inside me."

"Good, isn't it?"

"Totally."

* * *

It didn't end just yet. Catherine and Norma wanted to see more. They didn't give their young boyfriends a chance to rest. They followed more of the women's commands.

Jacob lay flat on his stomach as Ben now lay on top of the former's back. Catherine and Norma didn't change their positions on the bed. They became spectators until the very end. They watched as Ben thrust his cock downward into Jacob's expanded hole. He completely dominated his friend by giving him more of his throbbing erection. His hips collided with Jacob's reddened butt cheeks, which produced a loud smacking noise. He had already wrapped his arms around Jacob. Their embrace had been included in their special performance.

Jacob had no shame in being the receiver. "I love your cock so much! Don't stop fucking me! Oh, fuck me hard!"

Catherine had already imitated the other woman's actions. She reached down and massaged her own wet clit. She enhanced her own orgasmic experience. Watching her boyfriend take it in the ass gave her the ultimate thrills. Ben's downward thrusts grew more powerful. The smacking noise had grown even louder. Jacob had to sink his teeth into the sheets as a way to lessen the tension from within.

Norma bit her lower lip. "You should do this more often."

Catherine nodded. "You are so right about that."

She kept massaging her clit as her boyfriend was being used by Ben. This was a spectacle that she had wanted to see, and these two young men did not disappoint in her point of view. She and Norma smiled throughout their intercourse. There would be no going back. This new direction that she had led their boyfriends in had become an instant favorite. Catherine wanted to see it again. She hoped that both Ben and Jacob would participate. She hoped that they would follow her commands without remorse. This would be a four-way relationship that brought the most impressive benefits imaginable.

Ben's thrusting had stopped. He fell on Jacob's back. More of his thick cum spilled out of Jacob's plugged hole. Catherine relaxed after being completely enthralled by her boyfriend's keen obedience.

She said, "Oh, I want this to happen again. The two of you will fuck each other, and we're going to watch all of it. I'm going to make sure that this never ends."

A drop of sweat slid down Jacob's cheek. "It's a good thing that I like having his dick inside me. I want it to happen again, too."

Catherine still couldn't wipe that smile off her face. The future was bright for these four people. She and Norma lived in Escondido with two nineteen-year-old boyfriends who would do anything that pleased their queens. Catherine was truly grateful for her good luck.