 I hope you enjoy this chapter. Sorry it took me longer than usual to post this chapter. I had originally planned this to be ONE long chapter, but it proved too bulky. So now you get TWO chapters at once! Hope you enjoy it. This also means that now there will be a total of at least 14 chapters when the series is completed. Maybe more!. 

DISCLAIMER: The following fictional story deals with sex among males. If you are offended by such material, are too young, or reside in an area where it is not allowed, depart. Though not observed in this story, care enough about yourself and humankind to practice safe sex.

The author retains all rights. No reproductions or links to other sites are allowed without the author's consent.

*****

Spectator Sports

By D. A. Mackey

My recently begun tenure as the Varsity Baseball Team Manager had begun to normalize. I found myself increasingly at ease amongst my athletically gifted fellow students, and was even able to tear my eyes from their assorted dicks and asses as they showered. It only took me three days of conscious training before I was able to pass the showers WITHOUT popping a boner. I was proud of that fact as an 18 year old gay man. I challenge any one of that age and sexual proclivities to do better. 

Wednesday arrived and I faced my first real challenge: I had to miss a day of school for an away game.

Don't judge me too harshly for this. Remember that I was a child raised by a teacher and with an above average IQ and intelligence. I had panic attacks over A minuses. The B+ in Spanish was abhorrent. My mother had framed and kept every single one of my "Perfect Attendance" certificates from Kindergarten through 11th Grade. I had cried so hard one morning in the 5th grade that my mother had taken me to school with a hazmat face mask on despite a 103 degree fever and the inability to keep anything heavier than water in my stomach. 

I was THAT devoted.

So missing a day of school for a SPORTS EVENT was like asking DaVinci to paint over the Mona Lisa and draw a smiley face. My heart was racing out of my chest.

But I had the permission slip in hand. My mother had literally paced the kitchen floor and wrung her hands for a good twenty minutes, muttering to herself about "teenaged boys," and "part of growing up," "empty nest" etc. She'd finally signed the thing and handed it back. I swear there were tears in her eyes when she did. Which only added to my guilt. Disappointing Mamma is the worst thing in the world. 

Thus, I found myself in the Senior parking lot at my usual time, dressed as I usually would be for any school day, the first bell just moments from ringing. My legs physically ached to run towards my first class so I wouldn't be late. But the large white vans I'd spent the past 30 minutes packing with all the necessary gear and luggage beckoned. 

"Damn, Nerd," Ian said behind me, his massive hand crushing my shoulder in his grip and making me wince. "You'd think you'd never missed a day of school before."

"I haven't, you big ass mountain." I tried in vain to use my weak fingers to pry just one of his digits from my shoulder. 

"Sorry." 

He released me. I rubbed the sore spot. I was getting bigger and more muscular since Daniel had started working out with me, but Ian was still light years ahead of me. He may even have been a few light years ahead of Daniel.

"Sometimes I forget my strength."

"Sure you do," I chided. "That's why I catch you flexing every muscle in your body before you head to the diamond?"

His booming bass voice chuckled at me. He drew himself up and flexed his massive arms, barely held beneath his green Abercrombie&Fitch t-shirt. He struck a classic body building pose.

"Don't tell me you don't like looking, dude." He winked at me.

"Don't flatter yourself, Jock." I shot back and looked down at the clipboard in my hands. 

Thankfully, he dropped the subject and piled into the lead van. I checked off his name and adjusted my suddenly very restrictive collar. A few deep breaths and I was able to control the swelling cock in my jeans as well.

So sue me. An eighteen year old gay boy turned on by massive muscles. Shock of all shocks. Stop the presses!

The first bell rang and the rest of the team piled inside the two vans. I was majorly nervous, but I followed suit and did my best to calm my nerves. I slid into the front row of the lead van, Ian's massive bulk in the row just behind me.

Daniel plopped himself down beside me and squeezed in close, his thigh pressed into mine. 

It took everything I had not to react. Outwardly. Inside, the thought of school was banished and I imagined my hands sliding between his slightly spread thighs and gliding up to his package. I wondered what the rest of the team would say if I suddenly decided to fuck it all and take Daniel's uncut cock in my mouth for the entirety of the three and a half hour drive to the away game. 

Dangerous thoughts.

Erection inducing thoughts.

I covered my lap with my clipboard and stared out the window as I got further and further away from the place I was legally obligated to be attending, and closer and closer to a hotel in Fayetteville. 

When the vans pulled into the Hotel some time later, I was a little taken aback at the level of accommodation to which the Baseball team was apparently accustomed.

It was a fancy, tall building with a fountain out front and a drive-up covered walk way replete with doorman and bellhops. My teammates took little notice as they grabbed their luggage and headed into the lobby. Coach B handed out the room keys for everyone. I did my best to insert myself into the trash talking and chit-chat that the guys were engaged in as we headed to our rooms, doing my best not to gawk open-mouthed at the elegance of the place.

My room was at the end of the long hallway on the fifth floor. The rest of the team took up the entire wing of that floor, with Coach B's room being the closest to the central elevator. Daniel's room was right across the hall from me, his door facing my own.

My room was spacious and could have easily housed four men comfortably on the massive king sized bed. I had never slept on a bed so large. Queen sized was as big as I'd ever gone. The television rivaled the massive one I'd seen in Daniel's house and was certainly far bigger than anything found in my house. The room was all done up in shades of gold and bronze and beige. It still looked like a hotel room in its layout, but just taken up a notch.

I was half expecting a knock at my door and Daniel to come marching in. This was the first time we had been in a hotel together since our first nights in Boston, months ago now. 

But the knock never came.

Truth to tell, I was a little disappointed, but I understood. I had been the one to suggest a cooling down for a bit. I couldn't expect him to make advances as public as coming to my room alone. Not without direct instructions from me to do so. Not after the possible spy.

I dressed in my baseball uniform and made sure I was calm and composed before I headed back to the lobby to meet the rest of the team.

The game passed in a blur and we won in extra innings. The guys seemed happy enough with that, though Coach B promised a pep talk of epic proportions when we returned home the next afternoon. Apparently, they should have won the game handily by the 5th inning. I still had a lot to learn about the sport. I'd missed that "teaching opportunity" as Coach B liked to call it. But I had caught the whole game on film as instructed. 

I wouldn't admit as much, but I was actually coming to enjoy the sport. A little. More so, I was enjoying being part of a team for the first time in my life. I'd been a loner for so long that I'd always just assumed that that was how I was built. Turns out, I could rather enjoy the company of others in the right situations.

I was just folding my uniform and returning it to my suitcase when there was a knock at my door. 

My first thought was to clothe myself. 

I stood stark naked in my room, my soft cock bumping against my pale thighs. I had picked out an outfit for the rest of the night, but had yet to change into it. I headed to the door to answer it.

It was only in the last seconds that my senses came back to me. What if it WASN'T Daniel who waited patiently in the hallway? What if it was the Coach? How would it look to answer the door with my flaccid cock flapping in the breeze. I opened the door and did my best to hide my nakedness behind it, sticking my head around to peer into the hallway.

"Why, hello there stranger," Daniel chimed from the hallway. "Fancy some company?"

My hand shot out and grabbed the front of his shirt and yanked him into the room, shutting the door behind me in the process. I pressed my naked back and ass into the cold wood of the door and locked it behind me.

"I might have to insist that you greet me like this every time from now on, babe," Daniel said as he took in my nakedness. 

He looked...hungry.

"Don't get too used to it, jock boy," I said. "You caught me off guard and in a moment of weakness."

"I make you weak, huh?" He took a step towards me.

"Don't push it." I said and closed the distance between us. 

Daniel's arm reached for my exposed hip and pulled me towards him. My cock pressed into the front of his jeans and my breath caught a bit. My hands rested palms down on his pecs, feeling them rise and fall beneath his plain black t-shirt. Daniel's eyes looked down between us, at the non-existent space between our two bodies. His hands cupped my ass and squeezed gently.

"Mmmm. That's more like it." He kneaded my ass cheeks and I moaned lightly, breathily. "I've missed you, you know."

His voice was sadder than I expected. My heart melted a bit and I eased into his embrace further.

"I know. I missed you too," I admitted in a low whisper. His fingers gripping my flesh made even that much volume a difficulty.

"The van ride was hell. You were so close and I couldn't touch you." 

His hand traveled to the small of my back, his finger tips walking slowly up my spine. My flesh broke out in goose bumps and I struggled to keep my senses.

"I wanted to,...oh, god." 

His hands were on my shoulder blades, elbows at my side, pressing my chest into his, his head coming to rest on my right shoulder, his fingers digging into my back with his usual strength, now peppered with loss and sadness and a deep sense of want.

His lips gently pressed into the sensitive skin of my neck, his stubble tickling me, my head falling to the side to give him easier access. I wound my fingers through his dark black hair and urged him on. Higher up my neck he traveled until I felt the sharp bite of his perfect teeth on my earlobe. My cock was already at full mast and pressed between us and I felt his own throb in his jeans, aching to meet mine.

I pulled on his hair and opened up a space between us for a moment, only just long enough to kiss him fully on the mouth, to probe him with my tongue and feel our mutual passions explode on contact, as they always did now. Our tongues danced and fought for position, we stumbled about the room and finally landed with him on top of me, pressing my whole body to the mattress.

"Stop. Stop for a minute," Daniel groaned as my hands searched for the button of his jeans, pressed between us. 

He levered himself up and stood between my legs. My cock pointed straight up, my balls tingling with the need to release.

"What's wrong?" I asked, a little hurt. This was the first time Daniel had halted anything we had done. I felt the panic start to rise in my stomach.

"Nothing. God, nothing. Just look at you!" 

I flushed a little at his compliment. I was getting used to be treated like I was something special, something more than how I saw myself, but I wasn't all the way there just yet.

"Then what?"

"Trust me, I could easily stay in here with you for the rest of the night and do horrible, ungodly, nasty, wonderful things with you and to you."

"So why don't you?" I teased him a bit and stroked my long hard cock slowly for his benefit. He groaned and rolled his eyes.

"I want to! But I came over here to invite you to hang out with the guys. Then you answered the door like...well like THAT...and I kinda lost my train of thought." 

He seemed genuinely embarrassed at that fact. I thought it was incredibly sweet.

"You...you want me to hang out with the rest of the team?" I asked tentatively.

"Only if you want to," Daniel began. "They actually asked where you were, mentioned they hadn't seen you since the game."

"They asked about ME?" My mind reeled.

"Of course. You're a team member now." 

I had never been included, at least not to my knowledge, in anyone's plans of "hanging out." I had friends of my own, yes, but they were more acquaintances from extra curricular endeavors. I had never expected to be included in any of their personal socializing. I wasn't sure how to react to the new prospect. 

Daniel sensed my hesitation. My body must have betrayed me. My dick was rapidly deflating as the possible outcomes ran through my mind, even Daniel's sexual magnetism falling prey to this larger fearscape. 

"I'm...I'm not sure that's a good idea," I whispered finally.

"It's up to you, babe." Daniel said as he sat on the end of the bed beside me. "You don't have to go if you don't want to. But I don't want you to not come because you are afraid or something."

As usual, Daniel was astute in all things David. I stayed silent and mulled over his offer and his accurate grasp of why I didn't want to venture into uncharted waters.

"It's still weird for me, ya know?" I said under my breath, half to myself and half for Daniel's benefit, hoping somewhere deep inside that he would ease my fears.

Daniel flopped himself down beside me on the bed, both of our feet hanging off the end, our thighs and backs side by side. He turned his face to gaze at me and I instinctually turned to meet his gaze.

"I'll protect you, you know. You don't have to worry about anything. I'll be there the whole time. I promise."

I closed my eyes and let his words wash over me for a bit. "I'll protect you." I decided that if Daniel was willing to be my protector against his own teammates and friends, then the least I could do was man-up and present myself. 

I sighed a deep sigh and resigned myself to the fact that I was about to willingly spend some social time with a bevy of athletes. Again, I was in bizzaro land; but when in Rome, as the old saying goes.

"Alright," I said quietly.

"You'll come?"

I nodded. 

Daniel clapped his hands in boyish excitement. It was highly out of character for him, but I enjoyed watching a well-muscled hairy man like Daniel enter into a little giddy display of glee. I couldn't help but giggle along with him. He grabbed my hands and pulled me up from the bed.

"Come on then, get dressed," he said, his open palm slapping the bare skin of my ass with a loud smack.

"If you do that again, I can promise you we won't be leaving this room for hours yet," I teased as I rubbed the spot where he'd spanked me. It tingled and spread through my whole body in a slow wave; I began to doubt my decision to leave the room when my body obviously wanted to stay here and play with Daniel.

Daniel tossed me a shirt he found in my suitcase and, my body's yearnings aside, we were soon both dressed, the room locked and left behind us and headed down the hall.

The rest of the team, or most of them, were gathered in Paul's room, four doors down from my own on the same side of the hallway. Coach B's room was only two doors further down, but no one seemed to pay any mind to his physical nearness. Daniel pushed open the door, held ajar by the flipped hotel lock blocking it from closing all the way and entered before me.

If you've never entered a room full of straight men as the only openly gay person, I recommend bringing something on which to lean.

I was assaulted first and foremost by the absolute STENCH of body spray. There seemed to be an actual cloud of the stuff that hung around the ceiling, as if the boys had been smoking stogies before I entered and the smoke still ringed the room. I actually gagged it was so strong.

"Jesus Christ, boys!" I said, waving my hand in front of my nose dramatically, "Body spray is nice every now and then, but do you have to BATHE in the stuff?"

That comment was met and returned with a masculine roar of "DAVID!" followed by laughter and back slapping and shit talking all at the same time. 

I tried to keep up with who was saying what to whom and about what, but it was a lost cause. I resigned myself to smiling at the good-natured crew and pushed more fully into the room. 

The ice, it seemed, was well and truly broken. 

Daniel's reassuring hand on the small of my back was a source of strength, and unless I missed my guess, a small amount of pride: pride at my apparent ease with his friends and at his friend's ease with me.

I shouldered my armor, my wit and smarts, and waded into the fray. Once more into the breech!

The ongoing card game I walked into, clouded in a never ending flume of body spray and pheromones, was pushing my arithmetic skills to their absolute limit.

As a self-proclaimed nerd, I enjoyed the near constant gratification of being the smartest person in any given room. I took pride in the fact, reveled in it a bit. If I couldn't be popular or well liked, at least I was intelligent and well spoken. All of that was reduced to a pile of ashes when I sat down on the edge of Paul's own king-sized bed and was dealt into the next round.

Poker. 

Of course. 

Why wouldn't they be playing poker, with its intricate rules and regulations and total reliance on chance and a skill set which I lacked? 

My only solace was in the fact that the game was Strip Poker. Because of my still overwhelming feeling of awe and being out of my depth, I hadn't really noticed the rest of the team when I'd first entered.

Paul sat in one of the two chairs around a small circular utilitarian table. At well over six feet of lanky lean muscle and bone, he was already entirely shirtless. His pink nipples stood out plainly on his narrow chest, erect and pointing out dramatically. He still wore his white socks and a pair of white boxers. As was his way, Paul sat hunched in on himself, his elbows on his knees as he surveyed his card. He always tried to minimize his height and draw himself down to the level of average men.

"Give me two," he said after a protracted silence, tossing his decided discards onto the corner of the bed where the dealer, a fellow Senior named Gordon dominated the space. Gordon handed him his two cards and Paul's face screwed up into a very obvious mask of displeasure. He folded immediately.

I tried my best not to stare, but the task was damned near impossible. Everywhere I turned my gaze, naked man flesh stared back at me. The most difficult to ignore, as usual was Ian.

A God among men, he may have been, but his complete nudity spoke volumes about his abilities at this particular game. 

He stood off to my left, near the wall, looking down on all of his clothed teammates as he shuffled his current hand around. His abs pushed forward and rolled gently into his well defined adonis plate. His shaved cock was still limp, but every now and then he would reach down, distracted in thought and strategy, and plump his cock and balls with one hand. 

Daniel caught my eyes widening when I noticed it the first time. I blushed scarlet when he winked at me and nodded his head in Ian's direction with a sultry lick of his lips.

"Man, fuck this. I'm bored already," Ian bellowed as he tossed his five cards towards Gordon, throwing his massive back muscles into the wall and leaning against it casually. Well, as casually as one can when one is also completely naked and built to shame a marble statue, even at 18. 
