 Apologies that this chapter took a little longer than expected. Real life got in the way and I didn't want to rush the story just for the sake of speed. There's a lot of ground to cover so it's another extra long addition this time. There was more planned for this chapter, but length prevented it so I will be extending the series yet again, now to a planned 18 total chapters (reserve the right to go as far as 20) I hope you enjoy it! There are still more chapters on the way...and a possibility of a side line extension once this main series comes to a close. Fingers crossed!

~D.A.M~

*****

They Never Found the Breadcrumbs

By D. A. Mackey

The unrivaled way to rise each morning, should you have the option, is to find yourself in that clouded place where your dreams and your reality blend like watercolors, one into the next; where it's several heartbeats before you come to realize that the dream has ended and life begun anew. You want to stay in that limbo for as long as you can, to let it revive you and comfort you in a way your waking life never will. There is a small sense of loss that coats your mind for a while, a thin slick of oil on water, once the clouds are burned away by life; a benign sadness lingering just beyond recognition and evaporating to nothingness in a blink, leaving only a dim fading glimmer of memory behind.

When my eyes adjusted to the dim morning light, tinted blue and pale yellow from the curtains that blocked out most of the dawn, I hadn't a clue where I was. I expected panic to take hold immediately, for my heart to race and my animal instincts to seize control of my muscles. But nothing happened. 

Daniel's muscled arm wound under my own and over my ribs and pulled me deeply into him. I sensed his presence and felt his warm skin against mine; that was enough to temper my compulsion towards panic. I felt his soft chest hair tickle the skin of my back, his hips pushed into my ass and softly thrusting with each deep breath. His thighs wound over and through my legs so that I couldn't have moved from his vine-like grasp if I'd wanted to.

I could just make out the piles of black and white formal wear tossed uncaringly into the corner. Bright red and blue satin gleamed every now and then, when a dusty ray of morning light touched it's surface just right. My shiny prom shoes, laces still tied in perfect bows shone like beacons. Daniel's room solidified in my view, the familiar sights and smells falling into place like puzzle pieces while the fog dissipated. 

It was all heightened by the touch, the feel, the smell of Daniel, hugging me tight to his body, allowing no space between us. I felt small next to him, though I was taller by full inches, but somehow protected and sheltered. We had slept side by side many times now, but this was the first time I could remember feeling this connected. Not just to him, but to where we were.

We had crossed some line after the prom. I was unsure where the path might lead us from here, but one thing was certain: we were now, officially, an "us." We were linked in a way we hadn't admitted before. Maybe that link had always been there, even unrecognized. It was as if the admission itself granted a new perspective on places and things that had once been ordinary only hours before.

This was just Daniel's room yesterday. But now, I was a part of Daniel. I felt like I had a true stake in the place now, one that I hadn't felt before. I didn't own it, none of it was mine; but a part of Daniel WAS, and forever would be. His books, his bed, his body all became...more precious...to me.

I closed my eyes and snuggled back into him. Moving even that slightly made Daniel's soft cock come to life against my ass. I arched my back like a cat on a sunny windowsill and ground myself into him. I felt his foreskin begin to pull back as his shaft swelled and grew along side my crack. I listened to Daniel's breathing, trying to sense when he would wake because of my movements, but I found no change. I smiled to myself and ground deeper into him, testing the limits.

My hole began to throb in anticipation every time Daniel's thick shaft glided over it. I bit my lower lip between my teeth and held my breath, trying with all I was worth to remain silent. I must have been lost in the sensations and imagination of the beautiful man behind me because I didn't hear his breathing change. I was in my own little world of ever increasing pleasure when I felt his lips press to the nape of my neck, his breath hot on my skin but sending shivers down my spine like I'd been thrown into a lake in December. 

His next kiss was more forceful and he coupled it with a powerful thrust into my backside. My cheeks parted and held his entire rigid shaft between them, radiating with his heat. I laced my fingers into his and lead his hand and my own downwards. 

Together, we traced down my stomach and over my bellybutton, past my well-trimmed pubes and right to the edge of my fully hard cock. I guided his hand forward, urging him to do what I knew he wanted.

"Fuck," I sighed when his fingers grasped the base of my shaft, just barely closing around my girth when he squeezed me tightly beneath his iron grasp. There was no denying that we were both fully awakened now, but my eyes remained closed, reveling in the feel of Daniel's grip on my rigid cock and his soft lips as he kissed his way up my neck to my ear.

"Good morning, baby," he whispered softly, taking my earlobe gently between his teeth when he spoke and then sucking lightly on my ear.

"Morning," I groaned, my voice dripping with my rapidly growing lust. I could feel his cock head dripping hot pre cum onto the top of my ass even as he jerked me and worked my own clear liquor into the taught skin of my quivering cock. His thumb pressed into the sensitive triangle under my slit and my body shook uncontrollably.

"Please." The word was so soft that I was almost unsure if I'd spoken it or just thought it.

Daniel didn't even respond with speech; he simply adjusted himself behind me, his hips pulling away from me so he could line up his uncut cock with my waiting cavity. I held my breath, as if I'd crested the first hill on a roller coaster, just waiting for the imminent drop and rush that was surely to follow.

He pushed forward gently and my body reacted on instinct, opening for him easily, pulling him inside me. His cock felt massive as it invaded. My hole spasmed around him, squeezing him tightly and then opening smoothly, begging him to continue his march forward. He never stopped his slow up and down movements on my cock as he eased himself gently, slowly, lovingly inside me.

I twisted my torso around, unwilling and unable to keep my eyes on the far wall anymore, needing to see his face. It was an awkward position to be sure, Daniel's cock slowly pushing into my smooth white ass as I twisted my upper body into knots to reach him. 

Daniel's brown eyes met my gaze and I was nearly struck dumb with their beauty. His eyes were always beautiful and deep, flecked with bright spots of gold and glowing amber on a background of warm cinnamon. But they'd always been like a lake to me. No matter how clear the water, there are places in a still lake where you can't see the bottom, can't even sense it. It could go on for miles. Daniel's eyes had always been like that, deep and mysterious and somewhat unknown. But today...the first morning after our love for each other had received it's true naming...today, it seemed I could see through them to the very core of his being, as if his soul was right there for me to touch. 

"I love you," I whispered as I stared into him, watching his pupils grow before me. I was rocked by that nearly painful level of bliss that accompanies both love and mind blowing sex, like the pressure of a knife on the sensitive skin of your wrist, pressing hard but never breaking the surface, shot through with the full trust that it never would. 

"I love you more," he said with a broad smile, flashing me his perfect white teeth, his newly revealed eyes brightening even further. My mouth hung open a bit.

Gods above, but he was so beautiful! 

Part of me believed that this whole thing must be a dream. This couldn't be happening to me. I would wake up any moment and find myself in the airport waiting to board the plane to Boston.

His prick was nearly fully inside me, pressed tightly against that magic spot. My cock pulsed a huge jet of precum into Daniel's waiting fingers and my eyes fluttered closed, my neck losing the ability to hold my head up. Daniel's lips on mine drove the last breath from my body as his hips settled fully onto my ass, his black pubes tickling my smooth skin. I found myself flung back into that clouded place between dreams and life once more, but fully aware that I was awake, alive, and on fire. The watercolors swirled in my vision from the bright whites of passion to the deep mossy green-browns of my connection to Daniel and the earth herself.

Daniel went slow, slower than ever before. It seemed it took him hours to draw himself from deep inside me, his cock head raking against my prostate for minutes, sending me into spasms that paralyzed my nerves and set my muscles to shaking. His tongue slowly swirled over mine, and the deeply satisfied sounds that came from his chest, like a bumble bee the size of a golden retriever approaching from beyond a distant hill, rumbled into me and through me. Just as slowly, deliberately, he pressed back inside and repeated.

"D...Dan...Daniel...please...please...make me cum, baby." 

Part of me hoped my whimper-riddled begging would encourage Daniel to pick up his pace. But Daniel read my body like his favorite book. His slow and undulating thrusts stayed the course; he never let his passions gain the upper hand and take control until he pounded my twitching ass into submission. Instead, he tortured me and forced my body to respond to his at his pace.

I let out a groan that quavered and broke. Daniel just slipped his cock deeper inside me again. I felt his shaft throbbing with a steady beat, expanding against my button and driving me to the brink of insanity as his talented fingers still played my cock like a concert violinist.

"I'm close...oh jesus, I'm so close..."

Daniel's free hand came to my cheek and turned my face towards his again. He kissed me lightly on the lips and stroked my cheek with his thumb.

"Do you want me to shoot my load inside you?" he whispered. I bit my lip and nodded for all I was worth.

"Are you going to cum for me?" he teased. His grip tightened on my cock and his speed picked up a bit on my shaft, while his cock still worked in and out of my hole with measured slowness. 

"Yes," I croaked, my eyes begging him to release me.

"I love the way your ass grips my cock, baby. You're so tight. You feel that?" 

He pulsed his cock inside me, making it swell, pulling my hole open even more. I screamed and a jet of precum flew from my cock and soaked the bedsheets. 

"Shoot for me, David," he begged and pulsed inside me again, thrusting in small motions, just barely pulling out and pushing in again so that his rock hard cock head scraped and pressed into my prostate at all times. "Cum for me and I'll give you my load."

I panted on the bed, unable to catch my breath or form words. My throat clenched up and I felt my chest tighten like someone was sitting on me. My fingers grabbed at handfuls of the sheets and comforter in a death grip that turned my already pale knuckles to the color of bleached bone. The sounds that escaped from me were those of a strangled man, breathless gasps and grunts I barely recognized as my human, much less my own.

I felt my balls pulling up tight and knew that I couldn't hold out any longer, though I couldn't convey this to Daniel. He continued his slow short thrusts against my prostate and my breath grew more ragged. I slammed my mouth into his and screamed through the pleasure, pushing it into him, feeling him receive it.

I hit myself square in the face with my first volley and followed it up with several more until I was covered in my own jizz. I lost count when I felt Daniel finally cease his tiny thrusting against my spot and slam his thick cock to the hilt inside me. His groan and my own melted into each other through our kiss while I felt him spew his load deep into me, jet after jet of his burning hot seed filling me up.

Coming down from that euphoric high was like waking up all over again. For a few moments, Daniel and I hovered in that abeyance together. Daniel recovered first.

"Screw Folgers," he quipped, rolling onto his back and thus freeing his cock from my still aching hole, "THAT is the best part of waking up."

I couldn't help but laugh. I rolled over and into him, throwing my arm over his chest and resting my chin on his hairy pecs, completely uncaring of the cum that I smeared onto the sheets in the process. I edged forward and kissed him lightly.

"You'll get no arguments from me on that front."

Daniel ruffled my tangled mass of blonde hair and brushed an errant strand from my face.

"You sure you're okay, babe?" He asked. "I mean, about last night? Amy and all that bullshit?"

To be honest, I had almost forgotten about Amy and her tirade of bigotry and hate. It spoke very highly of Daniel that something which would have wounded me beyond easy repair a few short weeks ago was brushed off without a second thought. Hell, some part of my brain was STILL stewing over that B+ in Spanish; but, for Amy I felt...nothing.

"I'm sure," I said, favoring him with my best smile, staring into his eyes, so new again to me. "Who could remember you're sorry excuse for a girlfriend..."

"EX-girlfriend," Daniel corrected me quickly.

"Ex-Girlfriend. Who cares about her when I've got you?" 

He smiled that crooked half smile and I kissed him again. It was strange to feel my heart racing in my chest, skipping along lightly. There was still a part of me that equated that heart-pounding feeling with fear and anxiety and the desire to run from oncoming torment. I still had some adjustments to make, old habits to break.

"Good!" he barked and slapped my bare ass cheek with a loud pop. "Because I'm on top of the fuckin' world!"

I rubbed at the sore spot he'd just given me, sure that a well-outlined five fingered palm print would appear there in no time, but couldn't help but giggle as Daniel wiggled out from under me and leapt to his feet. I was treated to a spectacular view of his rounded ass and semi-hard cock as he danced and shimmied around his room, kicking his feet and pumping his fists in the air. For such a masculine appearing man, it was hilarious to watch him in a state of boyish glee. I imagined this must have been what he looked like as a little boy on Christmas morning. 

"Remind me to get us some dancing lessons!" I laughed as he continued to shake and shimmy. He threw back his head and roared a laugh.

"Deal! But nothing's gonna bring me down today. Not even your wit, you ass hole." He winked at me, turned, and waggled his ass in my direction.

"Careful with that thing," I admonished sarcastically. "I'm not to be held responsible for what I might do to it if you keep presenting it to me."

I could have stayed there in Daniel's bed and watched him dance around his room all day. There was a brief moment when I thought that might actually happen.

"Get up! We have to shower and get dressed," he said with unencumbered glee, extending his hand to me and motioning me to join. I took it and he pulled me from the bed in a swift motion that found my limbs flailing in the open air before I suddenly crashed into his massive wall of chest muscles. Before my feet could settle to the floor, his arm was around my waist and we were dancing together in quick swaying motions. 

Well, HE was dancing, I was still not too certain my legs worked after the fucking he'd given me. But I was content to let him hold me up. 

"Where are we going?" I asked through my fit of giggles.

"Only the best for you, baby!" he intoned with pride. "I'm taking you to the International House of Pancakes!"

"Oo, la la," I joked and feigned a swoon. He caught me easily and maneuvered my limp torso back up to his and kissed me dramatically.

"I know, right? I'm an impressive specimen. So let's get that beautiful ass of yours scrubbed up and out the door."

He nearly yanked my shoulder out of the socket when he turned and dragged me towards his bathroom.

Our fingers were wrinkled like shriveled raisins by the time we stepped out of the shower. We hadn't exactly been very conscious of the time, after all; or utilitarian and effective with our time management. How can you expect me to focus on the actual point of bathing when I got to run my soapy fingers over every square inch of Daniel's olive skin in the attempt to wash him clean? 

Eventually we had to turn off the steamy water. Even drying off was a task that took decidedly longer than absolutely necessary. I took my time running the terry-cloth over his high, tight calves and up his massive thighs. He flexed for me as I worked, the ligaments standing out under his hairy skin, rolling like gentle hills and valleys from one to the next. Two could play at that game: I opened my mouth and sucked in his almost hard cock and bobbed up and down for a moment, making sure his knees shook before I stopped.

"You are evil. We're already late as it is, and you're gonna make me stay in this room for the rest of the day if you don't stop. The rest of the team is probably already waiting for us."

That certainly got my attention.

"The guys are gonna be there?" I asked. 

Daniel nodded.

"Is that okay? I thought...,"

"No, no!" I started. "It's fine. Of course it is. I love the guys."

Daniel arched an eyebrow at me.

"It took you nearly three months to say you loved me, but the entire Baseball team get's it in a few short weeks?"

I punched him in the chest. Sometime soon (for the sake of my knuckles, alone), I would have to learn that trying to impress any emotional outburst onto Daniel with my puny physical strength was as futile as riding a bicycle from New York to London. He didn't even flatter me by pretending to budge.

"Shut your mouth. You know what I meant."

"Do I?" He asked. "You may have to tell me again." He smirked at me. I sighed dramatically and acquiesced.

"I love you." I placed my palms on the wide planes of his chest and gently scratched my nails over his skin. "You big hairy ox."

He kissed me tenderly.

"Good. Cause it would truly suck to love you as much as I do and not have you love me back."

My knees trembled. I used my grip on his torso to steady myself. I wondered how long it would be before those words tripping off Daniel's tongue would cease to make my head spin. Part of me hoped that day never came.

"Woah there." Daniel said, lifting me up. "You okay?"

"I'm fine, I'm fine," I assured him, "it's just a little overwhelming still...hearing you say that."

"I'll stop if you want?"

"Absolutely not. Don't you dare."

"Good. Cause that was a straight out lie. I love you, too."

I laughed and turned to walk back to the bedroom, thankful that Daniel had a private bathroom so there was no need to cover up. I sat on the end of the disheveled bed and finished drying off. Daniel stood in the bathroom doorway and watched me, making no effort to conceal his stiffening cock. I loved to watch his foreskin roll smoothly away from the darker skin of his cock head as it lengthened and began to arch gently upwards, his full balls always hanging underneath like sandbags on a hot air balloon. The effect on my own cock was, as always, instant. I decided to change the conversation as quickly as possible or else there was a distinct possibility that we would NEVER leave his room.
