 I always admired the way a girls ass looked in tight yoga pants so one day while I was grocery shopping I saw a pair for sale and decided that I would like to try wearing them. I bought a nice tight pair of black yoga pants and rushed home to try them on. I pulled them on and the felt so tight and sexy. I rushed to check them out in the mirror and my ass was looking very good in them. It made me so horny seeing myself wearing them.

I was very horny and decided that I need a hard cock to fuck me now. I got back in the car and headed to an adult book store with video booths in the back. I rushed in wearing my tight yoga pants and a t-shirt. I was so nervous I had butterflies in my stomach as I rushed to the back of the store and into the video booth area. I walked into a booth and left the door open. It didn't take long at all and a young Hispanic guy came in and shut the door locking it behind him. He immediately started grabbing and rubbing on my ass. He pulled out his cock it was a nice 7 inch cock average of average thickness.

He was rough and grabbed my head and shoved his cock in my mouth. He was very rough about pushing his whole cock down my throat. I really liked it I could feel his balls pressing into my chin while I was trying not to gag.

Once his cock was fully erect he picked me up and turned me around, then he pushed my head down in to the seat in the booth. He yanked my pants down, spread my ass cheeks and started rubbing on my asshole. Then he spit on my ass and shoved his cock right in my asshole. It hurt at first but started to feel good as he started to really work my ass with his cock. He didn't say anything at all he was just fucking my ass as hard as he could. I was backing my ass into him encouraging him to fuck me harder. He started popping his cock in and out of my ass opening me really wide. I could feel my ass gaping when he pulled his cock out then I was moaning when he would shove his entire cock right back into my ass all the way down until his balls were against my ass. It felt great to be treated like such a bitch and a piece of meat. He was really working my ass good then he pulled out. He grabbed my hair and shoved his cock down my throat and started to pump his load right down my throat. I felt his cum run straight down my throat. After he quit cumming he quickly pulled out of my mouth and pull on his pants. Then he told me to wait there he would be right back and he left. I was nervous wondering why he told me to wait there. I pulled my yoga pants back up not sure what to expect.

After a minute or two the door opened and two guys came into the booth. There was another hispanic guy and a tall black guy, they told me their friend had sent them. All I said was ok and the hispanic guy pulled out his cock, it was pretty good size about 7" and above average thickness. I didn't waste any time getting his cock in my mouth. I was sucking his cock as deep as a I could, the black guy still had his shorts on and was rubbing his cock watching me suck the other guys dick. I reached over and started rubbing his cock through his shorts while sucking the other guys cock. I could feel how big the black guys cock was he was probably close to 9" and very thick. I haven't had many cocks this size so it turned me on quite a bit.

After rubbing his cock and sucking the other guy I kinds stood up and bent over so my ass as rubbing against his cock and I Was still sucking the other guys cock. The guy in front got a good position in front of me ans was fucking my face pretty hard causing my ass to push back against the black guy. The black guy started grabbing my ass with one hand and rubbing my cock against his ass with the other.

Then the black guy pulled down my pants and started grinding against my bare ass. I still had the guy in front of my shoving his cock deep into my throat. The cock behind me felt huge rubbing on my ass and he had teased me enough I pulled the cock out of my mouth and told him to please fuck me. I put some spit on my hand and rubbed it on my ass to lube it up for him to enter my asshole. Then I put the cock back in my mouth and resumed sucking the guy in front's cock. I felt the guy behind me put his cock up to my ass hole and slowly started to push in, my ass was stretching wide to take it in. The guy in front then slammed his whole cock down my throat pushing me back into the guy behind me and causing his huge cock to go all the way in my ass. It felt so good. The guy fucking me then shoved me forward causing me to choke on the cock in front of me. They got into a rhythm of pushing me back and forth abusing my throat and ass. Then they started pushing together at the same time make me beg for mercy. My ass was completely stretched out around this huge cock and the guy in front was relentless shoving his cock down my throat.

I gave up trying to fight and just let them have my body. They were savagely fucking me from both ends. Then after a few minutes the guy behind me pulled out. HE turned me around and stuck his cock in my mouth. The guy behind me now wasted no time shoving his cock up my gaping ass. I Started trying to take this huge black cock down my throat but it just wasn't going down. I was gagging and guy behind me was pounding away at my ass. Finally the black guy shoves his cock into my throat and held it in place while I gagged. The guy behind me started ramming his cock into my ass deeper and harder. I couldn't breathe with this huge cock in my throat and I started feeling like a would pass out. Then he pulled his giant cock from my throat and let me get a few breaths of air before shoving his thick huge cock right back down my throat. I couldn't even focus on the guy fucking my ass while this huge cock was coking me. I was getting dizzy from gagging and bot being able to breathe. The guy behind me pushed deep into my ass and let his big load explode into my ass. I could feel him pumping my asshole full with his cum. All the while I am starting to black out from the lack of air. The black guy then pulls his cock out of my throat and urns me around after his friend finished cumming in my ass. I could feel cum running out of my ass as the black guy shoved his huge cock back up my ass.

He put both hand on the back of my head and was pushing it down into the seat of the video booth while he pumped my ass has hard as he could. His huge balls were slapping against my ass. I could feel cum running down my legs and my ass was making the sloppiest sloshing noise. He kept pounding his huge cock into my ass until I felt his cock quiver then he shoved it all the way in and I could feel his big cock pumping a huge load of cum deep into my ass. His kept pumping for a while filling my ass with his huge load. Then with out a word he pulled his shorts up and they both left the booth. I still had my pants down and they left the door wide open. I could see a couple guys standing out there looking in. I grabbed the door to pull it shut but before I got it shut another guy came in, a middle age white guy. He came in as I pulled the door shut. I got the door shut and locked it. I was completely worn out from these other two guys but I am true slut so I wasn't going to refuse the guy.

I still had no pants on so I turned around and presented my freshly fucked ass to him. He wasted not time unbuckling his pants and pulled out his cock. He had an average sized cock and slid easily into my juicy ass. His cock was sloshing around all the cum that was already in my ass I could feel it all in my ass being pushed around. He didn't last long and he said he was a bout to cum. I turned around and finished him in my mouth. He pulled back a jerked off into my open mouth filling my mouth with his hot cum. I waited for him to finish then swallowed and sucked his cock clean. He quickly pulled up his pants and left. I quickly shut and lock the door behind him. I was completely worn out. I could feel my asshole throbbing from the abuse it had taken. I pulled up my tight yoga pants and walked back out to my car. My ass felt so good filled with cum as I was walking I felt like a proud used slut.