 My ex-girlfriend, Lisa, and I had been on and off again sexually for the past 5 years. Neither were ready to commit to a serious relationship, but we had never been so open sexually with another person before. And we always returned to each other. I got a call one evening from her equity she just broke up with her current boyfriend and wanted to meet up. Eagerly, I did, not knowing what would be in store.

When she arrived, we kissed and relaxed and let things happen naturally. Before too long we were lying in the bed naked, my cock as hard as rock as she stroked me gently. My cock was producing a good amount of pre-cum when she swiped the end of my cock with her finger and gently fed it to me. We've discussed that I like to taste me pre-cum, and sometimes even swallow my load straight from my dick, but we never crossed that line together. It was such a turn on. She moaned in my ear how sexy it is for a man to taste himself and how much she loves to taste herself too. She proceeded to use my fingers to feed herself her sweet juices. 

I was ready to explode. The taste of my cum still fresh in mouth and the sight of her savoring her own cum was such a turn on. 

Then she said she wanted a favor from me. I was willing to try anything. She reached into her purse and pulled out a nice sized, flesh colored dildo. We'd experimented with butt plugs and even a small strap on, but nothing of this size before. I told her my ass isn't ready for that. She said, " No, baby. I want to see you suck this cock in your mouth. Try to please it like you're pleasing a real man.". Well, I could certainly do that.

I licked the fake shaft around the tip and slowly put it to the back of my throat. I gagged a few times but her moans kept encouraging me. She told me how sexy I looked with a cock in my mouth. As she stroked me I pulled the dildo out of my mouth and told her I was about to come. She laid back in the bed, began to finger herself furiously, and told me to cum on her dildo. She didn't have to wait long. I held the fake cock below my own hard dick as it shot several loads of thick, creamy cum all over it. I could hardly breathe. I was still at the end of my orgasm when I pulled her cum covered dildo up to my mouth and sucked it clean. There was a lot of cum and it filled my mouth. I licked it all over, rubbed it on my face, and eventually stuck it down my throat til all the cum was gone. She kissed me passionately and then asked if I would suck a real cock for her. Still high on what I just did, I told her "Anything you want."

She picked up the phone and a few minutes later said she had a gay friend who thought I was cute and he'd love to let me suck him off. And he'd be at the house in 2 hours! I wasn't expecting that soon, but my curiosity had me hard again. 

Soon the knock on the door came. Neither of us bothered dressing after our first encounter, and she arrived in the bedroom naked holding Jason's hand. We had met before but I forgot that he was pretty damn cute. We shook hands, I told him I was nervous, and he said he was as well. My cock was now back to life as I let go of his hand and gently rubbed the growing bulge in his pants. I asked him to join me as I removed the sheet covering me and showed him how excited I was to be doing this. He was undressed in no time and his beautiful seven inch cock showed me he was excited as me. I sat at the edge of the bed and licked the warm flesh of a real cock for the first time. He moaned appreciatively. So did Lisa.

I couldn't wait any longer. I put both my hands on his naked ass, my legs straddling his as he stood at the edge of the bed, and gently forced his cock to the back of my throat. Again I gagged, but i wanted to make him feel good. Lisa was again fingering herself as my head picked up momentum as it bobbed on his cock. He began moaning loudly and reached for my cock. I told him i didn't want to cum yet, since I may lose the nerve to swallow his sweet cum. Lisa liked that. He grasped my hair and began to fuck my face. A couple of minutes later he warned me he was ready if i was. His gorgeous cock grew in my mouth, and i left the head just inside my lips as i felt it spasm and shot after shot of warm, salty cum filled my mouth. I savored it all and swallowed his cum after a few seconds. It was such a turnon, that just how his leg was rubbing against my dick caused me to come too. I worshipped his cock a little longer while tongue cleaned off the rest of his cum and looked at Lisa.

"Thank you baby," she said.

Let's do it again.