 "Come on, Erik, just do it!" Ryan said.

I groaned at his insistence and leaned back against the side of my bed.

We were hanging out at my house in California. I had a private beach on the Pacific Ocean and everything. I was damn lucky that my rich parents felt guilty after kicking me out when I came out to them. They still paid for college and gave me this beautiful house in return for me never visiting them. I was fine with that. I had no friends back in my hometown, and I had stopped loving my parents long ago.

Right now, my only friend Ryan and I were in my bedroom playing 'Truth or Dare'. Slightly immature for two juniors in college on their summer break, but we didn't care.

Earlier in the evening, we had been screwing around on the internet. After numerous porn websites ("Gross, Ryan, hetero-love!") and numerous gay porn websites ("Erik, I will never be able to look at you the same way again."), we had somehow ended up on a sad, strange little fantasy blog. 

I couldn't tell you how we got there, but once we did, we couldn't stop laughing. The entire site was based on make-believe creatures - the saddest part being that the owner of the site seemed to believe everything she had written on it. It had information about witches and ghosts, fairies and vampires. However, its main focus was on mermaids.

It had what 'powers' mermaids had, mermaid F.A.Q.s, and even spells to turn oneself into a mermaid.

Ryan had just dared me to go out to the ocean and try the first spell on the site.

"Come on, man," he said with a grin. "The site owner said it worked wonders for them!"

I rolled my eyes. "Do I seriously have to?"

Ryan's grin grew. "Yes."

I groaned but got up and went over to my laptop. I went back to the website and printed off the 'spell' before turning around and facing Ryan.

"Are you coming?" I asked.

"Duh! I wouldn't miss you making a fool of yourself for the world!" he said and ran out of the room.

"You know, you're going to see me naked!" I yelled after him.

"It's a good thing I'm not gay like you then! No need to worry about me spontaneously jumping you!" he yelled back.

I chuckled to myself and went over to my dresser. After shifting through a lot of junk, I finally found an old necklace with a tiny, real sea star as the pendant. I fastened it around my neck and walked into the kitchen. Then, I grabbed a large plastic bag used for freezing meat and put the spell inside. That way, the paper wouldn't get wet when I got into the ocean. Once the bag was airtight, I went outside.

Ryan saw my annoyed face as I walked down to the beach and chuckled. "Don't look so miserable!" he said. "Maybe some sexy merman will come and swoop you off your feet!"

"You mean tail," I said with a wink.

We both laughed at the stupid joke and I walked closer to him. Once I was standing next to him, I sighed and looked into his eyes.

"What would my punishment be if I didn't do this?" I asked him.

Ryan smirked. "What, think it'll actually work and you'll be stuck as a merman for the rest of your life?"

I shoved him playfully. "Hell no, if I were a merman I'd get all the tail, if you know what I mean," I said with a flirty wink.

"Can merpeople even have sex?" he laughed.

"Well of course!" I said, pretending to be offended. "Your best friend is about to become a merman and you don't even care enough to know that he can become human whenever he wants to get laid." I wiped away a fake tear and sniffled.

Ryan played along. "Oh, I'm so sorry babe. I care, really!"

He looked at me solemnly as I looked at him with my big, tearful blue eyes. After a moment we both burst into laughter.

Now wiping away real tears, I finally settled down. "Alright, I'm going to do this for real now."

Ryan nodded with a grin still on his face.

I took a deep breath and walked down to the edge of the water. Right before my feet got wet, I stopped and began to take off my clothes. Ryan wolf-whistled behind me and I flicked him the bird before continuing. Once I was completely naked, I waded into the water until it was up to my belly button.

"Jesus, this water is cold!" I yelled out to Ryan.

"Stop complaining and get on with it, Erik!" he yelled back.

Figuring that Ryan was right, I took a deep breath, counted to three, and dunked myself fully into the water. I stayed under for a bit, shaking my head to make sure all my hair was soaked, and then came up for air. Once I had my breath back, I began to recite the words of the spell.

"Insouciant inclemency, redoubtable mediocrity, refutable humanity. Make me what I wish to be: a mermaid. Witches one and witches all, give this power to me."

After repeating myself four more times, I began to feel... Strange.

First, I started coughing horribly. It was only after reciting the spell again that I realized I was coughing up water.

Now, right then and there, I wanted to stop. I was scared. But for some reason, I couldn't.

"Erik?" Ryan asked. He sounded worried. "Are you alright, man?"

I gave him a thumbs-up and continued. After having recited the spell seven times, my legs began to itch and burn. I looked down and saw that the skin was peeling off. 

'Shit.'

Now I was completely freaking out, but I recited it again. My legs began to pull together of their own accord.

One more time and my stomach began to hurt horribly, along with the sides of my neck. I hunched over to try and alleviate the pain.

One last time. "Insouciant inclemency, redoubtable mediocrity, refutable humanity. Make me what I wish to be: a mermaid. Witches one and witches all, give this power to me."

Pain immediately racked my entire body. I cried out and fell into the water, writhing uncontrollably. I could hear Ryan's muffled shouts, but couldn't understand what he was saying.

Suddenly, the pain stopped. I had managed to go deeper into the water with all my thrashing, and was able to be stretched out up and down. Poking my head above the water, I yelled out that I was fine to Ryan. With the moon only being a sliver in the sky, it was difficult to see him.

Right after yelling to Ryan, I felt out of breath and began panting. My panting seemed to make it worse, and black spots appeared behind my eyes. 

'I'm gonna drown!'

Instinct forced me under the water and I took a deep breath. Instantly I began to feel better.

'What the hell?'

I felt water rush past my brown hair and brought my hand up to feel the current. It was coming and going from my neck. I touched the side of my neck and could feel three flaps of skin on either side, steadily moving water past them.

Gills.

It was then that I actually looked down and assessed my body.

The only thought running through my head was, 'it worked.'

My tail was long, scaled and beautiful, with several different blues and indigos mixed in around my waist, the scales smoothly transitioned to pale blue skin. There was dark blue webbing between my fingers, and a touch to my ears confirmed that they now looked like fins. Overall, it was pretty awesome.

I quickly swam over towards the shore to see Ryan. Once I was close enough to settle down on my tail with my gills under the water and my head above it, I yelled out to him.

"Dude, get your ass over here and see me!" I said excitedly.

Ryan had been pacing on the beach, clearly freaking out since I was under the water for so long. When I yelled out to him, his head shot up and his eyes widened comically before he started running towards the shore.

"Holy shit, Erik!" he yelled.

"I know!" I said enthusiastically.

"Just... Oh my God, you're a merman! Like, a real freaking merman!" he said. As Ryan spoke, his face and voice got more and more animated.

We continued squealing like twelve year old girls at a boy band concert until Ryan thought of something.

"Um, Erik?" he said, sounding nervous.

The look on his face was making me nervous. "Yeah Ryan?"

"What now?"

That had me stumped. According to the website, even if I took off the necklace now, I would remain in this form for a full day. 

"I don't know, man," I said. "Take off this necklace and swim around until tomorrow?"

Neither of us had any clue as to what we should do. After all, neither of us thought the spell would actually work.

Suddenly, something occurred to me. "Hey Ryan?" I asked.

"Yeah?"

"Does this mean that there are... You know, others?"

"Yes, Erik, there are other merpeople."

I froze. Ryan's mouth hadn't moved, and the voice came from behind me.

"Ryan, was that you?" I whispered.

Ryan shook his head. He looked completely freaked out was pointedly staring at something - or someone - behind me.

'Ah crap.'

I whipped my body around to face whoever was there, but saw nothing.

"He went under the water," Ryan whispered.

"Ryan, go in the house. I'll see you tomorrow, or in two days. Promise," I said.

I heard Ryan whisper me luck and then run back to the house. Once I heard the door slam I dove under the water.

After looking around for a moment, I spotted a tail flicking and moving away from me at an incredible speed. I knew it was the man who spoke earlier. I quickly went horizontal and sped after him, instinct taking over as I swam.

After a few minutes of following the stranger (I admit, not my best decision), he swam into a crevice in a large rock wall. I slowed down and hesitated before entering after him.

It was another moment of swimming before the water became shallower and I realized it was an underwater cave. I couldn't see the mystery man anywhere and figured that he had gotten out of the water.

I took a deep breath and popped just my head out of the water. There on the small, sandy shore was a man.

He was lying on the beach, his upper body propped up with his hands, just smirking at me. His skin was a light blue like mine and he was wearing tattered green shorts that looked like they were weaved out of seaweed. His messy green hair was pushed to the side of his face, letting me see his bright green eyes. He was, in a word, beautiful.

"Are you going to come join me?" he asked. His voice was soft and caused shivers to rack down my spine.

I cleared my throat before responding. "I don't know how to switch forms," I said, my cheeks burning bright with embarrassment.

"Just take off the pendant," he said.

"But--"

"Trust me, it'll work," he said with a smirk.

I nodded and dove back under the water so I could swim to shallower water. Then, still beneath the waves, I undid the clasp of the chain with shaking fingers.

Instantly, pain covered my body like a blanket of thorns. However, the transformation was much faster than my first one, and soon I was standing up in the water, as bare as the day I was born.

I grasped the sea star in my hand tightly and walked up to the man sprawled out on the sand.

"Who are you?" I asked, trying to take my mind off of my nudity.

"My name is Neró."

"Why did you come to me?"

Neró licked his lips and pointedly looked me up and down, effectively making me shiver and tingles to shoot down to my shaft.

"Why, to welcome you to ocean life, of course," he said with a lustful look in his eyes.

I gulped.

He stood up and began to walk towards me as he spoke. "Did you know I can read your thoughts, Erik?"

I gulped again and shook my head. He smiled and came closer. We were only a hairsbreadth apart, and I could smell his delicious scent of rain and wind. We were practically touching, and the look in his eyes alone was causing electricity to shoot down to my groin.

'Please don't get hard, please don't get hard, please don't--'

"I know you're a virgin, Erik," He whispered as he placed his hands on my shoulders, leaned up with his head and licked the shell of my ear. "Let's change that, shall we?"

'Ah crap, I'm hard.'

He continued his ministrations on me, seemingly oblivious to my not-so-subtle hard-on pressing against his abs. His tongue trailed across my jaw and down to my neck, nipping and licking until he reached a spot that incited a breathless moan in me.

"You know, I've had so many women. Being alive for hundreds of years will do that. Everyone knows it's a woman's fantasy to make love to a sexy merman."

I whimpered, arching my neck into him further.

"I've even had some men. They were fun, but I was always on top. And that gets so boring after a while."

He added his hands to the mix, rubbing my shoulders for a moment before rubbing them down my chest to my nipples. They were already hard and ready for his touch. Moan after moan escaped my mouth when he began to massage them gently, still biting and licking at the skin on my neck and clavicle.

"I want something new, Erik," he whispered into my skin. "I want you to take me."

Those words were the straws that broke this camel's back.

I instantly grabbed hold of his hands and shoved them to his sides before leaning down and capturing his mouth with mine. We both moaned into the kiss, and it quickly became heated. It seemed like reading erotica and watching gay porn really helped, and I thanked God for that. I had never gone past French kissing, so this was all going to be new for me.

In a flash, I had him lying on the sand beneath me, his shorts ripped off and his hands captured by one of mine and held by the wrists above his head. His cheeks were flushed and he was panting hard. His shaft was hard and still growing.

"You look gorgeous right now, Guppy," I groaned out.

Before he could complain about the pet name, I captured his lips again and reached down with my spare hand to begin tweaking at his nipple. He moaned into my mouth, causing me to smirk against his lips. Once his nipple was completely hard, I moved my hand over to the other one and gave it the same treatment.

I pulled up for air and let go of his wrists. I tweaked both nipples at once one more time before sliding my hands down his sides and all the way to his knees. I pulled his knees up and out and could see all that he had to offer. His manhood was practically parallel with his stomach and pulsating, causing my mouth to water. I forced my eyes away from the thick shaft and looked lower at his entrance while resting my hands on either side of his waist.

The small pink hole had me groaning. Without any warning, I leaned down and licked around the circumference, causing Neró to yelp and press down against my mouth. I licked around the hole a few more times before entering it. Neró moaned and began to leak.

I pulled away and replaced my tongue with the forefinger on my left hand. He yelped again but continued jerking his hips. While loosening him up with one, and then two fingers, my right hand wrapped around his thick shaft.

I began to pump him in sync with my fingers. His moans were constant now and he was writhing on the bed. I added a third finger and curled them upwards. Neró instantly yelled out and came hard, splattering our chests and painting them white.

"Seems like you're ready, Guppy," I chuckled and pulled my fingers out, replacing them with my hard staff.

"Are you ready?" I asked.

"If you don't enter me now, I'm going to chop up your dick and balls and feed you to piranhas," he hissed. Guess mermen didn't have a refractory period.

I chuckled at him and after a brief kiss, I slowly began to pierce him.

Neró growled and shoved himself down on me, causing us both to yell out. Him in pain, me in pleasure.

His muscles were squeezing me so tightly I about choked on my own spit. I desperately needed friction, but I refused to move. I would wait until he was ready.

A moment passed of me staying completely still with tense muscles and Neró lying with slowly relaxing muscles. Soon, he was thrusting against me, indicating that he was ready.

I slowly began to thrust. It was awkward at first, being that I had never done it before, but I soon got the hang of it and found a rhythm that worked for both of us. I started going faster and harder and Neró's moans got louder and were more frequent.

A few thrusts later, Neró spoke. "Ti-tilt your hips uh-uh-upward," he stuttered out between gasps and moans.

I did as he said and rammed into him harder than before, causing him to yell out and thrust against me.

"Again! D-do it again!" he screamed.

His voice was a powerful aphrodisiac and I was thrusting wildly against him. I knew that I wasn't going to last much longer being that it was my first time, so as my thrusts got sloppier and sloppier, I reached one of my hands down and grasped his shaft.

I began to pump him hard and reached my head down to capture his screams in my mouth. We broke apart quickly, however, since we were breathing too hard to kiss properly.

Without warning, I felt my orgasm come over me. I shouted out my Guppy's name and thrust against him with abandon, emptying everything I had into him.

Me filling him up sent Neró over the edge and he screamed loudly as he erupted onto our chests. I slumped down on top of him, exhausted.

For a moment, all that could be heard was our breathing slowing down. I could feel his heart rate returning to normal aside mine.

Once I had gathered myself, I rolled onto my back and pulled Neró into my side. He snuggled into me, pressing his face into my shoulder, and sighed in content.

"Mm, I really like not being in control for once," he said as he playfully bit my ear.

I yawned with a wide smile on my face. "For you, Guppy, I'll take charge whenever you want."

We both quickly fell asleep in each other's arms. 

*

For a full year, Neró and I saw each other. Finally, I said good-bye to Ryan and became a merman permanently. 

We were in love, and I was happy. We eventually had a family, and I knew that this family would never abandon me. I was lucky enough to have a 'happily ever after.'

I thanked God everyday for the rest of my life that the spell Ryan and I had found was real.