 Jackson and I went out almost every week. He was a sweet kid. We met on one of those online dating sites and hit it off immediately- I wanted someone to spoil, and he wanted to be spoiled. There wasn't much more to it than that. He would tell me about his dreams of becoming some sort of humanitarian doctor and traveling the world once he finished medical school, and I'd vent to him about my daily frustrations at the law firm. I loved seeing him wearing the clothes I bought for him, and the sex was great. The only problem with Jackson was how easily he got bored. After a week or two of being obedient, he would always act up again and make me put him in his place.

This was one of those weeks. After taking him out shopping and paying for an expensive meal, we retired to my home. He sat now on the leather couch in my living room while I poured us both a glass of wine. I handed Jaxson his wine and finally relaxed onto the couch next to him, my arm around his shoulders. I watched his delicate hands raise the wine to his lips. He took a tiny sip, then recoiled and placed it back on the coffee table. "What?" I prompted him.

"I don't like it."

"What do you mean you don't like it? You liked it last weekend. This is the exact same brand." He just crossed his arms and shrugged,

"Well I guess I stopped liking it." I scrutinized his face, and his dark eyes met mine for a quick moment, before looking straight ahead again. He was putting on his defiant act, but he wasn't a good enough actor to hide the excitement in his eyes.

"Drink it anyway," I played along, "It was expensive." Jaxson lifted the glass to his mouth again and I watched his adam's apple bob as he swallowed another small mouthful of it. He made a face, reached his arm out, and slowly poured the wine onto the wood floor. 

This game had gone on long enough. I grabbed Jaxson by the hair and shoved him onto his hands and knees. I stood over him and firmly planted my foot on the back of his head, "Clean it up, brat." He licked the floor slowly and luxuriously, pressing his tongue flat against the polished wood. For a moment, I relished the sight of him crouched down, the way his hair fell over his forehead and his dress shirt wrinkled around his waist. I smacked his ass once (I couldn't resist), and told him to hurry up. 

When he had succeeded in cleaning the wine from the floor, I grabbed him by the hair again and bent him over the coffee table. "You've been a bad boy today," I told him, pinning him to the table with one hand while I yanked his pants down with the other, "I think you need to be reminded of your place." Jaxson's fingers gripped the edge of the coffee table as I raised my hand in the air, and when I brought it sharply down on his ass he yelped, pushing against my grasp. "Stay still," I growled, "And say thank you." I brought my hand down again, this time on his other ass cheek, and Jackson let out one feeble "Thank you."

Jackson had a great ass. As much as his disobedience frustrated me, I would never complain about the opportunity to feel his smooth skin and firm muscle under the blows of my open hand. He loved the pain, too. I spanked him again and again, alternating sides each time, until his ass was red and raw and his "thank you"s swelled in volume and died back down again. I smacked his ass a final time, listening closely to his response. I love the way he sucked air in through gritted teeth and let the phrase trickle feebly out of his lips: "Thank you." 

"Have you learned your lesson?" I asked him and he let out a full breath of air,

"Yes. Thank you, Daddy." I slapped his ass again, just for fun this time.

"Good. I think you still need to repay me for the spilled wine, though." Slowly, I removed my hand from his back and sat down on the couch. I watched him straighten up and turn to face me. He winced at the soreness of his ass, then smiled and shuffled towards me on his knees, his pants still down around his thighs. Wordlessly, he undid my belt, unzipped my pants, and freed my cock. "Good boy," I cooed and stroked his hair.

Jackson sucked my dick passionately and efficiently. His thick lips wrapped around me and he moved smoothly up and down the length of my cock. There was no teasing, there was just the warmth and pressure of his mouth and throat. His head bobbed up and down on my cock and I caressed the back of his head. He pulled his lips off of me and moved to suck on my balls, still jerking me firmly with one hand, and I leaned back on the couch. He swirled his tongue around my ballsack and pressed his lips against it, then returned to my dick. Jackson made eye contact with me as he swallowed my length and buried his nose in my pubic hair. The muscles of his throat pressed against me and I felt myself come close to cumming. I grabbed his hair again and tilted his head back. He opened his mouth wide and I stroked myself to an orgasm, shooting cum into his open mouth and letting some or it trail over his lips, nose, and cheeks. Jackson happily swallowed my cum, running his tongue around his lips to catch what he could. He scooped up the semen on his face with his fingertips and licked it off, then gave me another fiery smile:

"Thank you Daddy."