 This is the fourth in the series which stands on it's own. For added context see my other stories, First, The Slide, and Falling. It's about discovery and the changes that can happen midway through life. Doing things you wouldn't have dreamed of and trying to deal with them. Falling into hedonism and what happens as you descend through the clouds not knowing how close the ground is. 

It was a torrid affair. I found myself thinking of Peter at inopportune times. And like a middle school boy there were times when I couldn't stand up due to the erection straining the front of my pants. But mostly it wasn't about sticking that erection into a warm body. Instead I was the warm body receiving and capturing another's erection. All so I could extract his warm essence inside.

An essence I found myself tasting or imagining tasting at those inopportune moments. And my backside would pulse and even moisten with the thought of it going deep inside to drip out later. 

Peter would suck me sometimes but I would come now as a sympathetic reaction to his own orgasm as I embraced giving pleasure. Pleasure that translated into my own release. I felt like a teenager again. In fact sometimes I'd lose control the second that lovely cock slid over my prostate and spit a huge load over whatever I was currently aiming at. The best were when I was filled.

It was experimentation and finding all sorts of ways to couple. There are of course only so many ways but we'd research and then find ourselves trying them. The intimacy of knowing every spidery vein that slid by my tongue. The wrinkled sack and taint that led to the familiar corrugated folds of Peter's anus. And of course the man musk that I inhaled deeply whenever I could. That smell had me hard and leaking in seconds.

I wanted to please him so badly. I upped going to the gym and added yoga classes to increase my flexibility. It was something like pride when I got my knees back so far against my chest that he could lay against them in a missionary fashion and pound into my hole as his tongue dueled with mine. I came in between our sweating bodies twice and it greased the sliding flesh of our bellies as he took me. I licked his belly clean and then did the same with his cock.

And the prep for sex became rote as I ate more bran and mastered the cleanliness and lubrication. There was no hesitation either in putting my tongue on him anywhere and we had extended sessions where I rimmed until my tongue was sore and had probed him to occasionally come under my ministrations. 

Peter would return the favor and leave me ass up, sloppy with spit and lube as he slowly wanked my cock. Multiple fingers often found there way up me too. Massaging the inner muscles until I was screaming for relief. He'd never let me get there that way though because I'd coo with delight as he used his cock instead. He never stopped mentioning how much he loved getting me to come while on his cock. 

My hardening body from all the gym work also became a focus. The camera came out and extended afternoons were spent posing in erotic shots that would turn into full blown fucking. He also loved the faces I made during his entry and more than a few pictures were triggered as I gasped and moaned with the initial penetration. I kept one hidden deep on my tablet showing my head arched back, face covered with a particularly big load the second I came from Peter inserting to full depth after a particularly long teasing session of analigus.

It showed how I often felt in our relationship. Almost out of control with pleasure and letting myself go in the submission and overwhelming sensations. The results of previous labor and evidence of cocksucking marking my face undeniably. 

One day he produced a razor and shaving cream and proceeded to denude me below the neck of every hair. He rubbed the oil in afterwards and shot exposure after exposure from every angle before taking me. My naturally ivory skin glistened first with the oil rubbed into every crevice and then later with our love juices smeared everywhere. 

For his birthday I edged into the uncomfortable by getting waxed and in a fit of exuberance had my anus bleached as well. A white g-string lasted about 5 seconds as Peter tugged it aside and tongue-lashed me to the edge four times before pushing my legs back to expose that pink hole and thrusting deep. My cum shot sprayed up my chest and reached as far as my chin as he buggered me into a heap of relaxed flesh.

On the home front I explained away the hair removal as a cleanliness and aesthetics thing. My wife had noticed my hardened body and even expressed approval. Of course she would never notice the bleached hole. The gym was justified as stress relief from an increasingly stressful job. The truth is it helped but not nearly as much as getting sodomized on a regular basis.

Looking back on it the familiarity made me brave too. In some cases Peter accompanied me to the gym. It wasn't busy and we stood in the shower washing off after the workout. I glanced around and saw no one. Pumping a long stream of liquid soap in my hand I quickly stroked Peters cock up to size as he almost gaped at me. Taking more soap I turned to the wall, leaned and raised on my toes. The soap wasn't a great lubricant but allowed two fingers to penetrate as I looked back over my shoulder and him and spread a cheek with a leer. Almost flabbergasted he nonetheless moved forward with bended knees and sheathed himself with some difficulty.

It was tight. The soap was a mediocre lubricant but I was more experienced now too. I bit my lip as my hips were grabbed and he began thrusting. I think the danger of getting caught got to him along with the extra friction from bad lube and he lasted only long enough to trigger me. My cum spattering the tiles near the wall as he basted my innards. 

It was just in time too because footsteps were coming and we quickly moved back to respective shower heads. I glanced over to see my cum sitting lightly on the tile and edged it with my foot towards the drain. Two guys barely glanced at us as they entered and I scrubbed myself down quickly before turning off the water. 

Walking towards the locker room, I looked back at Peter's almost shell-shocked face and reached down between my cheeks to swipe away part of what was now leaking. Looking directly at him I quickly sucked the finger clean and winked. "You are a very naughty fellow" he whispered in my ear.

I reveled in the idea of seducing him and understood now the thrill it gave women to tempt and then give. Wearing just leather chaps and a cowboy hat. I rode him as he moved my hips up and down while my cock bounced off his belly. Just a t-shirt, jock, and a white toe socks ended up with me being pile-driven from above. 

And even though I wasn't into it, I even stole a pair of my wife's lacy, pink, Victoria's Secret panties and greeted him one day. His response was interesting. He spun me around and pulled the panties down off me. "I do not want to see you as a Frau" was the guttural response and he pushed me over a couch and gave a stinging slap on my ass. 

Mounted, it was a rough fuck. "I like fucking a man up his pussy" was his comment. "You are being quite the naughty boy lately" came as he hilted and withdrew. Punctuated with a solid meaty slap on my other cheek. " I wonder if I should be pushing your limits more? See how far you are willing to go."

I didn't know. I had never known this level of freedom in adult life and to be truthful I was rolling in it with abandon. If Peter had not been so levelheaded than it could have gone badly much more quickly. He let me run but didn't push.

About four months later I had managed to finagle a free weekend at Peter's city place and arrived to see there was a visitor. I was surprised and honestly a little disappointed that the anticipated bed session was going to have to wait. His visitor was slim, blond, and dressed like a European with skinny jeans and a tight shirt. There was a gleam in his eye and a knowing grin as he looked at me.

Jurgen shook hands and said hello but it was obvious his English was limited. Peter translated easily back and forth and I'd pick up a few words here and there but for the most part German and English don't have the crossover that Spanish and French do. Nonetheless I did pick up a rise in tone and grin from Jurgen that Peter barked back at him. "What did he say?" I asked. 

Peter got a pained look on his face and said "He asked how long I had been going up that tight arse of yours?" I blushed immediately. 

"Jurgen is incorrigible of course but I've known him since I was a boy. He's a good sort really if you get past his penchant for being rude." 

"What did you tell him?" I wanted to know how obvious my secret was. Was it so obvious.

"I told him to be quiet about it due to your situation but he knows because I rarely have guests like this and I am always intimate with them. We have a history as well from back in Germany and he knows my proclivities."

Jurgen knew enough to look at me and hold his finger to his lips in silence gesture. Then he gave and enormous wink. He then spouted off rapid-fire German to Peter who paused, replied and then translated.

"He's asking if you've ever been with two men at a time and whether you would accommodate him too.

"Well that would be up to you. I'll do whatever you want."

"Jurgen and I have not done anything together for a long time but you might find it interesting. It would be ungenerous of me not to share and deprive you of an experience. You are not mine to control. Do you wish to try it."

"If you're okay with it I'll try it."

"He also wants to know what you've got in your pants."

I blushed again. "Jurgen is what you would call here a versatile. He likes both giving and receiving and believe it or not he may be a bigger cock slut than you. A bit of a size queen although he also loves buggering fresh faced young men and corrupting them."

"Do you want a menage a trois? Have you ever done that?"

"When we were younger back in University days I did that and with a larger number. Young, dumb, and full of cum as you say over here. When I got older there was less opportunity and I've become more discriminating. It would be a new experience for you. There are some combinations that can be interesting and you mentioned in your old profile that you might want to try and top. Jurgen would certainly oblige you. Especially after he sees your equipment." 

It intrigued me I admit. There was nothing that I hadn't already done it seemed. Sucking cock and taking it up the ass. And getting to try fucking an ass would be a first although honestly I wasn't particularly attracted to men's asses. My cock answered for me as it tented my pants. Jurgen licked his lips and reached over to fondle my bulge before saying something.

"He says you have a nice one and he likes your answer" Peter translated. 

We moved to the bedroom and got undressed. Jurgen was long and wiry and so was his cock. Longer than both of us but thinner. It bobbed as he moved excitedly and stared at my body and own hard cock before speaking. "He says you have a beautiful cock for sucking and fucking. And your arse deserves a good fuck. There was a pause and he continued.

"As much as he wants you to fuck him, he wants to do you first. Fill you up from both ends. He wants you on the bed like a dog." I knelt on the bed on all fours and Jurgen moved quickly behind and parted my cheeks. A long thin tongue swiftly rimmed my hole and attempted to insert itself before he laved the rim. I moaned at the sensation and felt his spit drip down onto my ball sack. Peter took the opportunity to move to my head and present his hard member to my lips.

I sucked him in and felt the now familiar head fill my mouth and the drops of precum wick to join my saliva as I bobbed. My hips gyrated in small circles as Jurgen ate my ass with enthusiasm and I found it hard to concentrate on both. Finally Jurgen pulled up and squeezed lube onto his fingers that slid in my spit covered hole almost easily while speaking. 

"Jurgen wants to know if he can go bare. He's on PREP and negative but I told him he must ask."

"Tell him to please use a condom. Sorry, but you're the only one I trust bareback right now." I heard the wrapper rip and that thin cock pressed and then slid up me tightly. I really hadn't been prepared past the rimming so it was tight even with his thinner dimensions. And it kept going and going. Deeper than anything I had ever experienced. "Wunderbar" he said and then a bunch of other words I didn't recognize.

"Wonderful he says. Almost like a teen boy and then he insults me for not having broken you in properly with my stubby little thing. Says he'll give you a good hard fucking."

I pulled off sucking Peter. "Tell him I love this cock and it fills me perfectly" and then I resumed sucking. Peter translated and Jurgen laughed good naturedly before replying.

"He says he'd like to see you on the spit his friend Raoul has and you'd think you were a virgin all over again. Jurgen thinks everybody wants a fat cock up his backside since he likes it so much." 

The feeling was of doing two things at once. I was trying to suck off Peter but Jurgen fucked with long strokes that ended with a slap as he grabbed my hips and finished with a deep grind. It was different from Peter as I loosened and Jurgen rammed me hard. 

This went on for several minutes as they both tugged in opposite directions. The nature of a spit roast. Finally with a loud bellow I felt Jurgen grasp tight and shoot frenetically before pulling free and I felt my hole flex down with his removal.

"Where do you want me to finish" Peter asked and I debated for just a second. "Ass." I had grown to enjoy sucking cock and eating his cum but there was nothing like the experience of having a load pumped up my channel. And to tell the truth I wanted that thick piece of meat opening my hole more after it had just been fucked.

Peter pulled away and rolled me on my back the bed edge. Legs back and spread, I saw him step up and felt his spit covered hardness bump against my hole and then press. I moaned deeply and a hip thrust got him in as I grunted at that first push. Through the momentary twinge and slight burn I moaned around his familiar cock. My tunnel expanded to fit him as he slid deeper. Push-pull until he was well seated. 

The surprise was Jurgen moving over my torso and methodically taking my cock up to the base with his mouth. And while he did it, both hands slid down and pulled my ass wide giving Peter more depth and Jurgen as first row seat to me getting fucked. 

It was good. The hand jobs I had gotten while being fucked before were good and made me cum but there was nothing like the mouth of an experienced cocksucker as Peter's cock massaged my innards. "Uhhhg … oh god . . . " my vocabulary was reduced to a few words as they worked me into a set of quivering nerves concentrated in my lower parts. I came in a gland emptying rush that had almost no warning and jerked and quivered in response. Jurgen took it all but knew to pull off as I got sensitive. He got up and forced his lips against mine and swapped the considerable quantities in and out as our tongues dueled and Peter continued to plow me. 

Jurgen finally came up for air and raised up to grasp my legs and pull them further back. He urged on Peter in a spate of German and I don't think my body could have been any more accessible for fucking. Peter's balls and pubic bone pressed all around my spread crotch. The lube trading wetly between our bodies. His face loomed over me fierce in concentration. "I love this pussy" he snarled. "Own this pussy" punctuated by his fat cock slamming in full depth. He pulled all the way out and plunged back in with a grimace and a moan as I felt him jerk and empty his balls with a grunt. He let forth a spate of German at that point that he later said was about breeding me. 

We lay there both panting. Him still hilted in between my pulled back spread legs although I could feel him softening. Allowing room for the deposited fluids to move around him. Jurgen spoke in rapid fire German and Peter pulled out. I went to drop my legs but Jurgen quickly pushed his face and applied his tongue to my still clenching hole.

"He likes licking a freshly fucked arse. We Germans are very arse focused but Jurgen is more so than most. I can make him stop if you want."

It was a strange feeling but not unpleasant. A warm fat tongue rimming my open hole, sucking and slurping with abandon. I only started a little when the two fingers invaded to pull the results onto his tongue. Not to my taste but he stroked across my prostate and that made my cock give a little bounce and my hips tried to rise despite my position. 

I relaxed and lay back. The internal massage was luxuriant and I closed my eyes only to open them when I heard the camera shutter. Peter was capturing the hedonism of getting my freshly fucked ass licked out and I didn't care. Guilt and shame were being scrubbed away at this point. The straight man had been replaced by a being who was intensely sexual and craved the intimate contact and was pushing limits. Later I'd look at the pictures Peter took to relive that hard flesh in my mouth or stretching my ass before receiving the ejaculated reward. 

These picture would later show my reddened and partially opened hole slick with fluid. My flaccid cock, spent and leaking against my belly and Jurgen's tongue penetrating the ring along with a finger. It was pretty depraved and I would have cringed a couple a year ago. But then again I would have cringed a lot at what I had done recently. 

Jurgen licked up my ball sack. Tonguing each orb while he finger fucked me. And then my cock head was in his mouth. Expertly sucked as it expanded with blood and became rigid. Jurgen pulled up and grabbed the lube. He rubbed a heavy coating on my cock and spoke to Peter. "He wants you to fuck him now."

Jurgen got on all fours and worked two lubed fingers into his own anus as he looked back expectantly. I grabbed condom because I still wasn't going to take the risk and rolled it on. A little more lube and I looked at the ass inviting me in. It was pink and hairless and I swear it sucked me in when I pressed against the pucker. It was a taunt rubberband around my cock towards the entrance with the heat of his core felt even through the condom. He looked back at me with a grin "Fuck mich" he said or something to that effect and pushed back and forth on my erection.

"He wants you to fuck him. He likes it hard by the way. He's quite a power bottom." I grabbed his hips and slammed my way deep with a meaty slap. Jurgen moaned and said something I couldn’t' decipher but obviously liked it.

I sawed in and out for several minutes before he turned back and gave me a wink. With the wink I felt his hole contract into a velvet grip that pulsed in and out massaging the length of my cock as I drove into him.

"Oh fuck" came from me as he worked my cock with his hole. I only lasted thirty seconds of that treatment and filled the condom with and extended moan. For someone who apparently fucked a lot he had amazing muscle control and watched his hole wink at me as I withdrew and rolled over with a sigh. 

"Ask him what he did their at the end. It was amazing" I said between pants. There was a quick exchange of German.

"He says he will teach you but you have to follow instructions." There was another, longer spate of German. "He says it has to be bare though so he can feel you better. He insists he is clean, on PREP and if there's a doubt someone is covered. I have known Jurgen a long time and he is truthful even if he is a horny little bugger."

I looked at them both. Jurgen hopeful and his erection already returning and he spoke again to Peter with a few English words interspersed. "He says he will teach you to be as good of bottom as he is and keep that manpussy tight even after it has had many cocks. He thinks it will have many cocks in it."
