 My boyfriend Damien and I had a fantastic love life. When we first met we were instantly attracted to one another. He has medium length black hair, a really cute face, gorgeous eyes and a body and bum to die for. I am a little taller, slim with blonde hair and he tells me I am hot too. Well, if that hadn't been so, the sex wouldn't have best so great, would it?

I went back to his office to seduce him. He responded to my kiss and we were soon snogging passionately. Unfortunately, we got disturbed that time. I was on my knees sucking his cock. Fortunately though, he did cum in my mouth before we had to hurriedly get ourselves tidied up.

I let his taste linger in my mouth for ages.

The next day I went back and fucked him on his office desk. That night I split up with my girlfriend and a week later Damien split up with his boyfriend.

We both really love 69ing and spend hours sucking each other's cock and licking each other's arseholes, then working loads of lube in with fingers and then dildos until we gape so much that cock just slides in like a dream. Before, Damien was mainly passive but because I like both he has learned to shag me a lot more too.

Just lately though, when those dildos have been sliding in and out of our well greased arses, how erotic it would be if it were a gorgeous young stud with a vigorous, stiff cock instead. I confessed my fantasy of licking another guy's semen out of his arse and the idea grew on him too.

We didn't really know anyone to ask to join us for a threesome and escorts naturally all had to fuck with condoms.

When it happened it was completely unplanned. We had a weekend in the city and when evening came found a great looking gay club. We ventured in and got ourselves drinks and sat down taking in the views. People weren't holding back, some snogging, others groping each other on the dancefloor. We started to get quite horny too and started snogging. After a few minutes a guy approached us. Ostensibly, he was showing us information about the club on a flyer but we both saw in his eyes that he was chatting us up. He was good looking with short fair hair and a nice smile and introduced himself as Jayden but said we could call him Jay. He told us he was 22, a little younger than us. We all chatted happily and soon flirtily as he sat next to Damien.

He offered us drinks and whilst he was at the bar, Damien and I exchanged a knowing glance. We knew he was the one. "Try to kiss him and see what he does," I advised. He smiled.

When Jay came back with the drinks, Damien was soon kissing him. He looked over to me and I just smiled. He knew his luck was in. Damien had his tongue in Jay's mouth and their hands were rubbing each other under the table. I followed suite and found them both rock hard. 

Damien excused himself to go to the toilet and I moved up to Jay who I really fancied now and we snogged hard. "I want to fuck you both," he whispered in my ear. I told him our fantasy and he was almost breathless at the prospect. We had 2 keycards for our nearby hotel room and I gave him one and told him to come over in about half an hour.

When Jay walked into our room we were 69ing. I lay on my back. Damien was over me on all fours sucking my cock like he hadn't had one for months on end. His fingers stroked tangy fruity lube in to my arse and I was starting to feel desperate for a nice stiff cock to satisfy me. I had Damien in my hand. We were both about 7 inches. I wanked him gently as I fucked his arse with a white torpedo shaped vibrator.

"Oh Jay. Where have you been, babe. Take your clothes off and get over here," I panted frenziedly. We watched him pull his T-shirt off. His body was amazing, toned and smooth but not too muscly. He ripped his jeans, socks and shoes off in an instant and joined us on the bed. His cock bulged through his tight, white boxer shorts. He knelt in front of Damien who stroked his hardness eagerly. Then he pulled them down and his big hard cock sprung out. He was a bit bigger than us but not too big as to be uncomfortable. Damien took him straight in his mouth. It was great watching my boyfriend sucking unashamedly on a stranger's cock like a male whore. He still worked the vibrator in and out of me as I watched. I frantically licked Damien's shapely thighs, running my tongue through the fine dark hairs.

Then I felt the hard plastic phallus slip out of me. "Fuck him," he said, pulling my knees back to give Jay better access. He took his boxer shorts off and knelt between my thighs and I groaned with excitement as I felt his glans tease my anus and then with an effortless thrust he was inside me and his hairy balls pressed against my arse.

"Oh fuck me please," I gasped and Jay started with slow thrusts. Damien had my cock back in his mouth with an amazing view of a stiff cock sliding in and out of me. He caressed Jay's cute bum as he fucked me. "Don't pull out too far, just fuck me full and deep," I said gasping in ecstacy. He shagged me for about 5 minutes like that. He was horny and it seemed like he wouldn't last too long so I asked him to come and shag Damien. My boyfriend had a quick suck on his cock when he pulled out.

Jay was over my face now. What a stud! I pulled my 3 fingers out of Damien's arse and held his cheeks apart. I watched transfixed as Jay slid into my boyfriend. Damien wanked me harder and licked my balls as he got fucked. I stroked Jay's arse and thighs with their fine covering of light hair. I ran my tongue along his balls down towards his arsehole as he started to shag harder. Damien looks amazing on all fours, his body shape perfect. Soon Jay was shagging harder and he tensed and groaned. "Oh my God, yes," he cried repeatedly as he came hard in Damien's rectum.

"Give him all you spunk baby," I said, licking his tight balls. This is what I had wanted for so long. He pulled out. Nothing at first and then it dribbled from his anus. I opened my mouth greedily and positioned myself underneath. I love the taste of spunk and that first drop like nectar on my tongue and then a more copious stream. I held him open. I didn't swallow but savoured the taste in my mouth. As the heavenly flow ceased I moved in with my tongue, pushing as deep as I could lapping up any residual nectar. I rolled Damien onto his back and moved between his thighs. I was immediately in his gaping hole. He opened his mouth and I let the semen dribble onto his tongue. I've never fucked him harder or more intensely and that was what he wanted as we shared our lover's sperm. I wanked his stiff cock as I fucked him and he came hard , thick spunk shooting in beautiful jets over his body and even up onto his face and chin. I pulled out and wanked, then I felt Jay's hand wrapped around me and he wanked me off all over my boyfriend. Jay was hard again wanking himself at the spectacle with his other hand.

Damien and I collapsed on the bed, our hearts pounding, shaking and sweat dripping off us.The orgasms were so strong they took a while to subside.

I beckoned Jay over. I hadn't actually sucked his cock yet an he was lovely and hard again. I took his large bulbous glans between my lips as he knelt over me and gave him a long slow blowjob. Then it was Damien's turn to suck him again and I licked all the drying semen off his body, caressing his stiffening cock too before taking him back in my mouth. Jay laid on his back and we took it in turns to ride him. The other would kneel next to his head as he sucked us. I pushed down onto his chest, riding him hard. Then he leant us both over the edge of the bed and took it in turns fucking us. When he was ready to cum we sat on the edge of the bed, mouths open and he wanked his load into our waiting tongues and onto our faces. This time I rode Damien as we shared the sperm and he wanked me off as he came in my rectum.

Now we are planning a foursome so we can both be fucked at the same time.