 I'm still not quite sure how it all happened, but I have no regrets. At the young age of 19, I found myself living in Long Island, New York living in an upstairs apartment with four other guys. Because of my accent everyone mistakenly thought I was from the Deep South when I was actually from the Midwest.

One night after having smoked some really fine weed one of my roommates asked if I wanted to take a trip into the city. He didn't have to ask twice. After having been no where else but Long Island I was anxious to see what all the fuss was about the big city.

On the way into the city Dennis, my roommate, asked if by chance I was interested in men. Now to this day I don't know how he figured it out, but I shyly admitted that I did indeed like boys. So he then asked if I had ever been to a bath house. 

Well something told me not to pretend that I was more together then I was so I told him that no I really had no idea what a bath house was. Dennis then proceeded to tell me just what they where and what would happen if we were to actually go. After he finished explaining he looked at me and asked if I still wanted to go. 

It must have been the curiosity of actually doing something so forbidden, well forbidden because of the way I had been raised, that I jumped on the chance. So off we went on this new adventure.

Now I can't tell you exactly where it is that we went, but I still remember the name of the bath house that he took me to...St. Marks. For some reason I still think that the name just sounds so dignified. 

Was I scared as we pulled up and parked, DUH! I was this really naïve boy from the Midwest. Before this I had only been with another guy sexually and that really was just nothing more then your normal adolescent exploration. But more then once while masturbating I would flash back to all the things that we had done. 

I knew I liked cock...a lot, and just knew that I had to go in to this place to see what unknown things laid ahead. 

I was, and still am, a cum junkie. I love the feeling of cumming. Deep down I knew that by going in I was going to experience things that I had only dared imagine before.

As we walked in I was struck how small the lobby was. A man sitting behind a window in a booth asked if we knew what the place was. Too scared to talk I just let Dennis do all the talking. We registered and paid the fee to get in and were buzzed into this new erotic world. 

After being given towels and keys we found our rooms. I looked at Dennis and asked him what I should do...he smiled and told me, "Relax, your going to love this place just go into your room get naked and we'll go down to the showers so you can get use to being here."

Okay so I got naked and wrapped the towel I had been given and met Dennis in the hallway. I then followed him like a lost, scared puppy down to where the showers and Jacuzzi were. 

Dropping my towel I slipped in the warm water and finally began to relax. Now this is where it finally hit me what I was really about to do...either fuck some guy or get fucked by some guy. 

I wasn't sure which I wanted to do...but just the thought of doing something so erotic caused me to get a huge erection. Looking down Dennis just smiled, "Looks like somebody is anxious to get started."

"Okay so now how exactly does this work, I mean how do I hook up with somebody in this place," I asked. 

"Well cruise the hallway where our rooms are at. You'll see that some of the doors are open. If you are interested in the guy, or guys, in the room go on in things will happen from there," he said as we toweled off.

So off we went. Dennis disappeared and I was now left on my own. 

My body was shaking from the anticipation of what was about to happen. I looked in a couple of rooms but nobody in them got my cock really hard. 

Just as I was about to give up and go back to my room to jack-off this Adonis came walking down the hall. I had to have him.

We made eyed contact and I knew this was it, follow him and you can get laid or you can fuck the guy, just follow him. 

As if in a dream, we finally arrived at his room. He closed the door behind us and we both sat down on the bed staring at each other. Deep down I think he new that this was all new to me. 

Staring at each other we began to stroke our hardening cocks. I couldn't believe how hard my cock was, it was literally throbbing in my hand. 

Slowly the guy laid back on the bed, spreading his ass checks to expose his puckered asshole. This was it I was going to fuck this guy, this beautifully chiseled man.

Taking some of the lube that was provided in the room I greased my throbbing pole, fisting my cock in anticipation of what I was about to do.

I took the lust swollen head of my cock and began to teasingly rub it around his asshole. Then without even thinking, like it was the most natural thing to do, I entered him. The warmth, tightness, velvety smoothness was over whelming. I slid my entire cock into his ass with one tantalizing slow stroke. 

As my balls finally came to rest on his ass, this Adonis of a man let out a low guttural moan. I knew he loved the feeling of being filled with my cock. I wanted nothing more then make love to him...yes not fuck him but make love to him. 

Taking his wide spread legs and resting them on my shoulders I began to slowly fuck him. 

I couldn't believe all the things I was feeling. Sure I had fucked girls before but this was different. It was if I could sense exactly how to pleasure him while at the same time give myself the pleasure I so desperately now craved.

Over and over I fucked his tight muscular ass with my long hard cock. Staring down in awe as I saw my cock fucking his ass causing him to now moan none stop. My hard hot cock throbbed uncontrollably in his tight hot ass.

Releasing his legs I took my cock out of his steamy love hole just long enough to turn him over to fuck him doggie style. 

With all pretenses over I entered his ass with one swift stroke. I could see that while I was fucking him he was now jerking off. 

That was it...I began to fuck him, we were no longer making love, no we were fucking. Fucking each other only like how another guy knows how a guy needs to be fucked. 

And then I could feel it, my balls tightening...my cock swelling inside this wonderful tight ass. I wanted to somehow warn him I was about to unload my hot sticky load in his ass, but just as about to say something I could feel his ass spasm around my cock. I came shooting my load deep into his hot tight ass. 

Even now my cock is hard thinking about fucking this stranger. I really need to go and jerk off now. Tell me what you think...