 Every year, the city of Savannah, GA holds a great St Patrick's Day Parade. It is reported to be the second largest in the US.

My name is Jack. I live about 25 miles outside of Savannah and I have a friend, Ray, that owns a house overlooking Forsyth Park, near downtown. This year, Ray invited me to the parade, and never having been to the parade before, I readily agreed.

I showed up to Ray's place at about 8AM. Traffic was a bitch, but fortunately, Ray has private parking at his place, so I did not have to search for a parking place. I knocked on his door, and he greeted me with a Mimosa and wearing only a pair of gym shorts. I forgot to mention that Ray and I are Friends with Benefits. We get together every once in a while, and usually wind up in the sack. Judging by the tent I see in his shorts, he is hoping to start our day in that same sack.

I smile, tell him its fucking great to see him, and accept the offered Mimosa. As I enter the house, I graze that hard on with my free hand. I just wanted to let him know that I'm not adverse to making our first stop, his bedroom.

After taking a big gulp of the Mimosa, I realized that the drink menu has changed, and that I'm taking a big swig of a strong, Vodka with OJ. It would be my first surprise of the day, and it was looking to be a fun day. After tasting the drink, I smiled at Ray, stared down at the tent in his shorts and said "Tasty, thanks".

Ray has never been slow to understand my double meanings, and suggests that I take another sip of my drink, which I do, then leads me into his bedroom. Let me tell you a little more about Ray and me. I am in my early 50s, do my best to keep the middle age spread from appearing, and so far have held that at bay. 5 feet, 10 inches and 170lbs. While my genes and exercise regimen has kept me in what I consider decent shape, the gene pool sold me a little short when it comes to endowment. I top out at 5 and ½ inches, and I make sure that I include the half inch when I'm sharing my size with guys. However, when Ray and I get together, other than Ray engulfing my dick with his hungry mouth, its not about my dick. 

Ray is in his mid 50s, 6 feet tall and tells me that he tips the scale at 200lbs. While he does not have rock hard abs, he does have a rock hard 7 and ½ inches of man meat .... and much to my delight, he knows how to use it. After entering his bedroom, Ray drops those shorts and gives his dick a slight stroke. I immediately drop to my knees and take the head of his dick in my mouth. I work on that tool for a few minutes, then push him backwards towards his bed. I quickly disrobe and we get into a 69, with him laying on his back while I fuck his mouth from above. Ray's cock has a slight upwards curve and this position allows me to get him fully into my mouth, where the head can just enter my throat (I love that feeling).

Ray has apparently gotten bored with sucking my cock, and he has worked his way up to my ass. He gives great rim jobs, and it is one of my favorite things to have done to me. I know what he's preparing me for, and I'm looking forward to it. After getting my rosebud nice and lubed, Ray repositions us, laying me on my back and places my legs on his shoulders. He proceeds to enter me, just placing the head in and gradually works it in deeper. Some days, Ray can fuck me for an hour, using a variety of positions, keeping me on an edge. This morning, is not one of those times. After slowly entering me, Ray takes me hard, using me as a fuck toy. With each stroke in, his dick rubs across my prostrate and he's got me on edge. With each stroke in, he is stroking my cock as well. I don't last long and as I cum, I send him over the edge as well. Ray leans over, bringing my legs up with him, and gives me a deep kiss. He smiles, and tells me to get dressed. We've got a parade to go see. I move him into the shower first, where we play a little more, but we're on a mission. We're out the door in about 25 minutes.

Savannah is the only city that I know of that allows you to stop in a bar, and get a drink to go. On our walk downtown, we stop in at a nearby pub and order another vodka and OJ and head for Bay Street. It is rumored that about a million people crowd into downtown Savannah for this event and while I am not an expert on crowd estimations, I cannot say these estimates are false. For the next few hours, we wander around the streets of downtown, catching glimpses of the parade as we wander. One of my favorite things is people watching, and I was having a blast. Of course, we entered a few pubs on our wanderings, looking to replace those drinks that seem to evaporate in spite of the lids on our cups. We eventually wound up back at Ray's place about 3. Ray suggested that we take a little nap and it sounds like a marvelous idea to me. We make our way back to his bedroom and throw ourselves on his bed, I set the timer on my phone for an hour nap and fall blissfully asleep.

My timer went off, and I rolled over to shut it off and found that Ray was already up ... in more ways than one. I opened my eyes to see Ray's cock inches from my mouth. Never one to let a good hard on go to waste, I opened wide and let Ray feed me. After a couple of minutes, Ray suggested that we move to his "playroom". Ray has a bedroom that he converted into an adult playroom, with a sling and a closet full of toys. This is my favorite room in his house.

Ray removes my clothes for me and suggests that I get into his sling. The afternoon is getting better. He has straps that will tie my hands to the supports for the sling allowing him to control the events from here on in. He walks up next to me, turns my head and inserts his cock into my mouth again. While I am working on his tool, he reaches up to a shelf above us and brings down a blindfold. He removes his cock and places the blindfold on me, then slaps me a couple of times on my cheek with his cock. I'm having fun now. I hear a little more rustling, and he next places a couple of nipple clamps on me.

I sense that he goes down near my feet and I feel him touching my hole. He has apparently lubed his finger as he prepares me for the next event. One finger, then two. Once he gets to four fingers, I start to wonder. He's never fisted me before, but there is a first for everything. Instead, I feel him place the head of a large dildo at my hole and slowly presses it into me. I have no idea how big it is, either length or girth, but I do know that it is larger than Ray. After inserting it and pumping it in and out a few times, Ray just leaves it in. He walks around to my side and turns my head again and shoves his dick into my throat. I guess gentleness has left the building. He starts fucking my mouth and reaches down and starts playing with the dildo in my ass again. This position is a little awkward for him, and eventually the dildo pops out of my ass and he drops it on the floor. I hear him mutter an expletive, and I hear some more rustling from that shelf above. By now, I'm wondering what he has on that shelf prepared for me. With his cock still in my mouth, he leans down towards my ass again, and I feel another dildo pressed against the hole .... but, then I felt another hip on my thigh. There was someone else in the room, and that dildo that I feel about to enter my ass is not a dildo, but another man's dick. Ray has presented me with a surprise visitor. Oh this day just keeps getting fucking better. 

I can't tell you how big this guy is, but his hip felt solid. As his cock enters me, I can tell that he's not as large as the dildo, but he's not flopping around in there either. He's got some serious man meat, and if he's a friend of Ray's, I'm assuming he knows how to use it. He enters me and starts a nice steady in and out motion. Ray meanwhile, has resumed fucking my mouth. I mumble a thank you around his cock, and he removes it and leans over to whisper in my ear ... "you're welcome".

Ray's friend (I never found out his name) starts pumping a little harder and I can start to feel his balls slapping my ass and Ray starts draping his balls in my mouth. Ray's friend grasps my cock and starts to stroke me. I feel Ray slapping me with his cock again, and then hear him stroking. My next sensation is feeling Ray spray my face with a load of cum. This becomes too much for me and I start to cum, shooting a nice load up my belly and chest. I hear a grunt from Ray's friend, and he starts filling my ass. He steps away and I feel his cum start trickling out of my ass. I'm in seventh heaven, Ray tells me he'll be back in a second.

When he returns, he unties my hands and removes the blindfold. I look around the room, and his friend is gone. Apparently, Ray left to walk him out of the house. When I inquire of his identity, all Ray tells me is that it will be a lot more exciting for me when we go to a party, and I'm wondering if any of the guys there was my mystery guest.

Did I tell you that Ray is a good friend?