 Chapter V. Back at School

This work is fiction. The characters are fictional and are not based on real people. They are, however, over the age of 18.

I lay in my bed back in the dormitory at St Chester. The four days at San Luis Reservoir seemed like a dream. I wouldn't have been able to look back on them as if it hadn't been for the pictures. That digital camera I bought with Grandma's legacy, along with the air tickets and rental car. Now it was winter, and I still hadn't found a replacement for Molly—I doubt there is one, but I ought to have at least been able to find a girl friend that would satisfy my needs. She didn't have to be another Molly. The trouble is that I'm just wasn't willing to put out the effort. I just lay around and moped, then when I couldn't stand it, I'd get out the pictures and beat off.

The pictures are eminently worthy. They're almost all from our last evening together. The first evening had been too filled up by everything that was going on to take the camera out. Then the second and third evenings, things slowed down some and Molly and I spent relatively more time in the bed in the RV, not just making love but talking and having a meeting of the minds.

Then the last day I realized I'd wasted wonderful opportunities to store up memories like nuts for a cold winter and my trigger finger became hyperactive on the camera. 

Mike and Jodi joined us for another foursome and helped point the camera. In one shot that always arouses me, my dripping cock looms out of my pubic hair looking unbelievably huge. The reason it is huge because Mike's cock is in my rectum and you can tell that because I have two sets of balls hanging down between my legs. There is also a shot of me fucking Mike's asshole from in front, as if he were a girl with his legs pushed up into the air so I can get my cock under his butt. You can't see my cock at all, and his cock looks like it is mine except for being upside down. 

My favorite shot is of Molly alone, on her back, knees up and apart, her legs reaching toward the camera like the colonnade of St. Peter's Basilica. How appropriate. Her knees were a colonnade for St. Peter, a funnel to guide him into the holy of holies. Her cunt is moist, pink, swollen, welcoming. In the next shot, St. Peter is inserted and you can see the tender inner lips of her clitoris draped over it. I took those myself. Another shot shows my cock dripping strings of precum as it bounces against Molly's cheek, and later another shot shows cum dripping down her chin. 

I keep these pictures in a manila file envelope between my mattress and the springs. I am very careful not to let anyone know I have them. They're between Molly and me. Okay, Molly, Mike, Jodi (or Jody, I can never remember) and me, and they haven't seen prints of them--just the tiny image of them in the LCD of the camera.

Saturday, I spent most of the day in the library. Just as I was leaving I passed Joey, my roommate, coming in. "Hey, Joey, whazzup?"

"Hey, Fred. I got a book reserved from 5:00 to 7:00. It's on closed reserve. Man, I hate that, you know, when you can't take out a book and have to read it in the library."

"Yeah, that's the pits."

"Well, I'll see you back at the room."

I walked quickly back to the room. I'd have two hours to myself. Time for a good fantasy fuck.

After adjusting my attitude with some herb, I stripped and lay back on my bed with my lovely 8 x 10 Kodachromes, except they are color computer prints. I started with my favorite picture of Molly's cunt, wide open for me, and pumped my cock until I was just on the verge of coming. Then, to cool off, I stroked my balls and stomach and pinched my nipples—anything that felt good that didn't put friction on the skin of my cock, which was as red as a Maraschino cherry.

I love to play with my glans penis when it's just on the verge of coming. The feeling is so intense, I can hardly stand it, which, of course means I love it. I circled my thumb and forefinger around the lip of the onion bulb and the lesser fingers around the shaft and frigged over and back, back and forth across the lip with a gentle motion. That's what I did with one hand, while, with the other, I pulled out a picture of Mike butt fucking me. The picture of Molly fell to the floor but I was too busy to pick it up as I teased my cock closer and closer to the edge. 

Suddenly the door opened and Joey walked in. The door was closing behind him before he realized what he'd walked in on.

"You didn't lock the door."

"I damn well did." I felt funny, embarrassed, lying there holding a hand over my boner.

Joey reached back and turned the knob. "Yes, you did. You just didn't close it all the way."

"I keep doing that."

"Man, this is embarrassing. I'm sorry."

"Don't worry. I hear you whacking off all the time. You hear me doing it. It's not like it's a big secret."

"Yeah, I know. But it's still embarrassing."

"Don't worry."

"Hey, what's this?" Mike reached down and picked up the picture of Molly. "Where did you get that? My God, that's Molly."

"Yeah. I guess you know where I got it then."

"Damn, that's hot."

"I'm in trouble if you ever tell her you have seen them. Know what I mean? Don't let anybody know about these, please!"

"These?" He looked around. Saw the rest. Picked them up and started to leaf through them. My head wasn't entirely there. My cock was still on watch, in my fist, even if it was quickly losing its stiffness. Mike picked up the stack of photos. The next photo in line was taken of Molly and me fucking, taken by Jodi shooting us from the side. It was very hot, but not pornographic. Her breasts looked fine, but my cock wasn't visible and neither was her pussy. Hard cocks and open pussies are what separates art from porn, as far as I can see. "God, her tits are amazing. I've never seen better."

"Me neither."

The next shot he saw was taken by me of my cock from above as it was buried in Molly's cunt, the clitoris of which was standing up and rocking the canoe. Looking over at Joey, I could see the rim of his cock as it gradually wiggled up from between his legs to become an upright, outstanding and erect citizen. Joey wasn't paying attention to his hands, and I could see they were mindlessly stroking his cock through his trousers. The pictures were magnetic, all right.

Then Joey turned over the next shot. Shit, I'd forgot about the one of Mike corn-holing me.

"Jesus!" he gasped. That's you!"

"Guilty as charged."

"Are you . . . shit no, you're not gay. But . . . "

"It's called 'bi.' You know, 'bi-sexual." I'm a guy who will fuck anything that moves."

"Lucky you."

"Not lately."

"Be glad you're not me. Not ever. Not lately, shit, I'd give my left nut . . . well, never mind."

"You're never . . . "

"Nope."

"Shit; man, that's not good. We've got to take care of that."

"Look, man. I'm sorry about all of this. How about I leave so you can finish off, you know. . . "

"Why are you back, anyway? I thought I was safe for an hour."

"Heh, heh, the librarian left for a coffee break and I photocopied it. Don't tell."

"Not me."

"Well, I'll see ya."

"You don't have to go." I sat up.

"You sure."

"Yeah, you killed the mood for sure."

"With these pictures, you couldn't kill the mood for me."

He held the picture of Mike and me and looked at it intently. What was it like? I mean, I hardly know what sex is like; Shit I dream of it all the time. But I never dreamed to having a guy . . . you know . . . "

"Butt fuck you?"

"Yeah. I sometimes wish . . . I mean, I would love to have anyone suck me, but butt fucking; I don't know."

"Well, don't knock it if you haven't tried it."

Joey had flipped the next picture. It showed me fucking Mike from in front. "I didn't know you could do that." He said. "What's that like?"

"It's not as hot. You don't get as much penetration. But it's . . . I don't know. It has its compensations."

"Really? What?"

"I don't know; it's hard to describe. It's more intense having him face you while you fuck him."

Mike's fingers had slipped into his pants and he sounded like he had just come in from running a mile, his breath coming in gasps. I was enjoying watching him get worked up—so much so that my cock was springing up for another round. Except it wasn't hidden inside my pants. The ball was in my court. I started to stroke my cock to bring it the rest of the way up. Mike pulled his hands out of his pants and reached over and laid his hand lightly on my cock. When I didn't resist he wrapped his fingers around it and pumped it a couple of times.

"It's okay," I said.

When I didn't slap him down, he pulled his pants down allowing his prick to spring free. It was slender and very white and very attractive. He held it in his hands and rubbed its tip against the head of my cock. It was like a lightening bolt. My cock jumped. "OHHHH." I didn't just say it; it was torn from me.

Mike dropped to his knees and took me into his mouth without preliminaries. Whenever a woman has taken me into her mouth, it has always been after some preliminary fussing--rubbing against cheeks, licking, kissing, but never, just open the throat like Mike did. "Mmmmm are you sure you haven't done this before." My God the kid has talent, I thought.

"No, but I've sure imagined doing it, you know what I mean?"

"Oh, you have seen films of it, then."

"Hasn't everybody?"

"Maybe."

"It feels good, Joey, soooo good. I laid back and arched my back to push it deeper. He resisted; couldn't open his throat farther. I grabbed his ears and pulled him off me, stood up, grabbed his shoulders and swung him onto the bed where I could kneel in front of him and give him some of the same. "I have to taste you."

"You taste good. That's a surprise."

"Let's try 69," I said. We are of a similar stature so we were able to take each other's cocks to the hilt, almost from the first. But it didn't last very long and we both came. Joey's cock immediately started to shrink, but mine, as usual, didn't. Joey noticed but didn't say anything.

I sat up and gave Joey a big kiss on the mouth, cum dripping down my chin at the same time. Joey kissed me back and I could taste my own cum in his mouth. "Tastes good, doesn't it," I said. "Almost as good as pussy."

"Then, let me at some of that pussy," he said.

"Be some of that pussy," I countered, and rolled him over so his knees were on the floor and he was bent over the side of the bed, butt in the air. Then I spread his cheeks and, using cum from my chin as a lubricant, started to massage his asshole. At first his asshole shrank from my touch, but before long is hips were moving in that old rhythm and I was able to insert a finger a little bit at a time. 

"Are you going to fuck me?" He asked.

"Only if you say so."

"Will it hurt?"

"I don't think so."

Joey's asshole was beginning to relax and welcome my finger. I got a condom out of my wallet and put it on with lots of the lubricant I keep in my drawer and then started to tease his asshole the same way I used to tease Jodi's when I was first stretching her asshole so I could enter. He pushed back at me. Damn, he's eager, I thought. 

"Okay Joey, here goes." I leaned forward and pushed in, just a little, and then a little bit more. "Assholes are tighter than cunts, Joey. Umph." But when you get past the hard part and your tip is suddenly inside, it doesn't get any better than that. 

At first I only fucked in far enough to get my glans penis past his sphincter, but he kept demanding more. I reached in of him, pushing his fingers aside so I could grab his cock in my fist and give it a couple of strokes. "Ahhhh. Fred, that feeeels wonderfullll."

I stood up, pulling out and grabbed him and pulled him over to the door and pushed him down on his hands and knees in front of the full-length mirror mounted there. Then I mounted him again where we could both see me going in and out, framed in the silvery surface of the mirror. It was neat that way because I could see his cock dripping in his hand. Even if he got soft immediately after he came, he got hard again quickly. I felt like coming again already, but decided to wait. 

I pulled out and turned to face Joey. I grabbed his cock and squeezed the head. He arched his back and tightened every muscle in his body. "OOOHHH."

I put a condom on him and held the jar of lubricant out to him. My turn. You get to lose two cherries tonight. You've been fucked. Now you get to fuck me. Joey jumped at the opportunity and before we were through he'd fucked and been fucked from behind and in front. That long dick came in handy for that. Though his cock was slender it still felt good and my cock has never tingled better.

I love beating off and getting butt fucked at the same time. It is so intense and it makes me imagine what it feels like for a girl to get fucked, except that probably isn't true because she sure can't get fucked and rub her cock at the same time.

Want to know how much Joey enjoyed it? After he came in my ass and I came in his, he licked me off everywhere. First my cock and balls. then my asshole, then a second time for my balls. When in the process I got hard again, he was amazed. "My ass is still dilated. Have at it," he said after he unrolled another condom. I wonder if he knew what he was getting himself into. It took me a very long time to come again—not that I minded.

In the morning, we talked and agreed that what we'd done was between just the two of us and that we'd do it whenever we had a chance—at least until we had girlfriends to do the dirty.

"By the way, Fred, why do you use a condom? It's not like you're going to get knocked up."

"Oh, but if I did, what an ugly fucker it would be.."

"Yeah, he'd be an ugly little shit, wouldn't he?"

"But Joey, I know I don't have AIDS, but you don't know that. I don't know you don't have aids. Not really. I don't know you've never had a transfusion of bad blood, or shared a needle with an addict, or been butt fucked by a convict. I mean, know you haven't done those things, Joey, but I'm not willing to bet my life on it"