 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

Lincoln lays awake and stares at a mosquito which has been quietly hanging upside down in the middle of his ceiling for a couple of days. It's not what he's looking at, however, that keeps him awake. It's the soft squeaking of his brother's bed in the room next to him. It's unmistakable. The sharp noises cutting through the silence of the night like a razor blade. He wonders if his parents, who sleep on the other side of the hall, can hear it too. 

His pants rise. His dick grows fast at the thought of what is causing the squeaking. Lincoln knows it's wrong, but besides himself his right-hand descents down his stomach under the band of his boxer and wraps around his rock-hard shaft. He slowly jerks the skin down from the bulb. God that feels good. The squeaking intensifies, and his wrist orchestrates the pace with which his fingers move over the pole. Faster. Even faster. He can feel the dry edge of his mushroom head start to burn but he can't stop. He has to keep going. He has to... three ropes of thick, creamy cum squirt onto his belly. His head buries deep into his pillow as his chin aims up at the mosquito. The squeaking slows down and comes to a halt. Lincoln loves cumming at the same time as his brother.

***

The next morning feels different. Lincoln isn't sure why, but he feels a tension at the kitchen table he cannot place. As if suddenly, for the first time, his attraction for his brother has grown outside of the confines of the nightly jerk sessions that have become routine this summer. Lincoln doesn't know why he never heard the squeaking before that, but early in June one night it started. The next night he could place what it was and by the third he used it as a score to his own orgasms. 

He looked at his brother. Kelvin is as cliché as they come. Where Lincoln is skinny regardless of how many weights he lifts, with long legs and arms, Kelvin is a jock. At 21 he's two years Lincoln's senior, playing basketball in college and with a body that shows it. He's not broadly built like a football player, but he has muscular arms with well rounded biceps. His waste is thin without an ounce of fat. And his thighs are huge. Strong enough to crush a watermelon. Kelvin also always wears a hat backwards. Lincoln knows it's to cover a bold spot already growing on the back of his head, but it looks purposefully masculine this way.

"Can Ashley stay over?" Kelvin asks more as a statement than an actual question, while chewing with his mouth full. Any tension Lincoln feels evaporates. Yeah, no, this is still is empty headed brother; nothing attractive about him. This is the same guy whose parents caught him fucking a grapefruit when he was a teenager. Lincoln rolls his eyes. 

"Don't be jealous faggot," Kelvin says, loud enough to make it hurt but not even acknowledging Lincoln with so much as a look.

"What did Lincoln say about using that word," their father says well-meaning but still pretty indifferent while trying to read the newspaper on his phone. 

"Ashley can spend the night if you stop being a bone head," their mother quips as she gives Kelvin a friendly pat on the head. Kelvin laughs. He can get away with literally anything.

Lincoln has been out for years. Since he played with Barbies really. It took him fourteen years after that to acknowledge he liked boys, but ultimately everyone always knew. Partly because Kelvin had been reminding everyone since they were kids. Kelvin was what you would call "tolerant". He had often beat up Lincolns bullies in high school if they so much as teased him, but he felt as an older brother he could tease him all he wanted. He didn't care that Lincoln, as he said himself "liked it in the ass" as long as he keeps it to himself. 

Lincoln did. He could hide his feminine features or his spontaneous sing-a-longs to Ariana Grande but he never had a boyfriend. To the outside world, Lincoln was gay only in expression. He was just a single guy really. Not that he was a virgin. They lived in a small town but it was next to a highway. Lincoln had met up with strangers, often straight older men simply looking for unloading, through online for years. He had been fucked in the back of a truck, behind the old post office, in the grass up the hill and once by a risky dude who got off on that sort of thing: in the middle of the main street. Still, Lincoln never really liked those hook ups. He longed to be loved, looked in the eyes, held with intimacy. Not be a cum dump for a lonely trucker with a wife and kids. 

Lincoln didn't say anything as he passive aggressively cleaned up his plates and left the kitchen.

"Come on it was a joke!" he heard Kelvin proclaim, more annoyed than sorry. Lincoln was already over it. He was over everything.

***

On the television a boring game show was entertaining Lincolns parents as he looked at Kelvin and Ashley secretly making out on the back porch. His parents must have seen it but chose to ignore it. Lincoln wondered if they'd done the same if he had brought one of his truckers home. 

"We're heading upstairs, y'all have a goodnight," Kelvin announced as they walked back in. 

"Goodnight!" giggled Ashley. Lincoln didn't want to hate her. From all the girls Kelvin had brought home she was the only one who never commented on his hair products or carefully chosen outfits. But she was so damn perky. What does anyone have to be happy about coming to a remote town like this?

"I'm heading up too," Lincoln said, telling himself it wasn't because he was trying to cockblock his brother. 

"Don't you wanna leave them two lovebirds alone?" his mother asked sweetly, as if she wasn't referring to her child having sex. 

Lincoln didn't say anything and slouched upstairs. He hated everything. His boring parents in this boring house and horrible town. Most of all he hated how he failed to get into any colleges and instead took a year to think about his future. He felt so useless. As he pondered his empty life, he heard the giggling from Kelvins room grow louder. They were out of earshot from his parents for sure, but couldn't they keep it down?

As Lincoln entered his room the giggling had stopped and Ashley was now moaning. He trembled on the doorstep. Should he? No, he couldn't. That'd be weird. And yet a curiosity drove Lincoln to step back and close in on the door of his brother's room. To his surprise it wasn't locked and as if all fucks had flown away, he lightly pushed it open revealing his brothers naked back and Ashley with her eyes closed laying on the bed. He was eating her. 

Lincolns organ jumped as high as his jeans allowed. Seeing his brother so consumed by eating out the fleshed lips of Ashley, turned Lincoln on. Even if the exposed rounded breasts that Ashley stimulated herself, didn't. 

"Fuck me," she moaned, as she grabbed Kelvin by his broad shoulders and guided him on top of her. He happily obliged. Lincoln turned away, afraid of being seen, but closed his eyes and once again let his hand touch his pole to jerk to the sounds of his brother's sexual activity. Only this time it didn't last long. Intense kissing noises and slight moans continued for about five minutes until Ashley spoke again.

"What's wrong?" she asked in a sober voice. More kissing noises.

"Nothing," Kelvin answered hastily. 

"You don't think I'm attractive," Ashley asked, her voice trembling.

"No, it's not that, stop focusing on it." Kelvin continued making kissing noises but it was obvious Ashley wasn't participating this time. Lincoln turned his head around the corner to see how Ashley pushed the large jock off of her and started getting dressed.

"I knew it," she cried visibly upset. "You think I'm fat." 

"What? No, I..."

"Then why do you always make jokes about it, huh? You do think I'm fat. You can't even get it up. At least be a man about it and admit it," she cried. 

"Maybe if you weren't being such a big fat bitch I could," Kelvin answered angrily. Ashley stormed out of the room, not even noticing Lincoln hiding next to the door in the dark. As the girl stormed downstairs, Lincoln slid back into his own room. 

***

His heels were dug into the sheets. His ass was sweaty. His balls bounced as he jerked his cock at a rapid pace. Lincoln had been edging himself for a half hour now over what he just witnessed. The images repeated in his head. Kelvin was eating out Ashley and Ashley turned into himself. He hadn't quite decided what it was between his own legs that Kelvin was eating; his dick, his boy pussy or an actual pussy, but Kelvin was enjoying it and his older brother was driving him wild. Lincoln was so entwined with the forbidden thought of his brother sexually satisfying him, that he didn't want to come. To do so would legitimate it. But if he kept on jerking and postponing, he could relish in this fantasy forever.

Ultimately Lincoln couldn't do it anymore. Shooting simultaneously with his brother on the other side of the wall, without him or anyone knowing was one thing. Actively imagining sexual acts with him, was something else entirely. Disgusted and ashamed, Lincoln had stopped jerking off and, risking blue balls, tried to doze off. It was therefore that Lincoln was already in half asleep when the door of his room opened. Thinking he had dreamed it, Lincoln didn't look up. But as soon as he heard footsteps, his entire body tensed. He recognized the walk. It wasn't an intruder or one of his parents. That he knew for sure.

"Are you asleep?" the sturdy, manly voice whispered in the dark. Lincoln opened his mouth but the words didn't come out. He was scared and simultaneously aroused, the tension of this morning vibrating yet again in the air. Lincoln laid still as his blanket was pulled off his body. 

Two huge fists planted on either side next to Lincolns head, making the bed shriek much like the other bed did every night. Lincoln felt the warmth of a huge body radiating onto his own. It felt sexual, but safe. Nothing like the touch of ugly men he didn't knew. Almost by default, Lincoln arched his ass up.

"You are a disgusting little faggot," the voice continued. Lincoln shuddered. He couldn't speak, not even make a sound. His entire body laid at the mercy of his older brother.

One of the big hands moved down to Lincoln's briefs, grabbing the band with unnecessary strength, and pulled it down over his bubbly ass with such force that even his cock pressed against the bed was being exposed. 

To his surprise, Lincoln didn't feel any clothing from the body now lowering on top of him. Not that he could have focused on it if there was any. All he could feel, sense, smell and imagine was the rock hard, radiating hot penis that pressed against him. It was long enough that the leaking tip was pressed against his lower back, while the balls rested on the backside of his ass. The skin was so soft but it was simultaneously so hard, that when the body started to grind, Lincoln's ass cheeks immediately were pushed aside. 

"Kelvin..." is all Lincoln could utter, almost as a betrayal. If anyone heard... if his parents heard, they would know what was happening. And Lincoln didn't want anyone in the world to know. He'd give anything to not let the sensation of a male organ pressed against his ass end. And not any male, his older brother. 

"Shut the fuck up," Kelvin breathed into Lincolns ear as he licked it and bit the lobe a little too hard. "Let me have this."

And with that Kelvin guided his rock hard mushroom head down Lincoln's hairless crack and against his puckered hole. And he pushed.

Lincoln thought he was being stabbed. Every muscle in his body tensed and he wanted to scream. Kelvin penetrated him like you would a wet, horny girl. Lincoln recognized the movement from the many truckers. They never knew how to handle ass, let alone male ass. Over the years Lincoln was wise enough to practice with a dildo and a lot of lube before heading down to meet the married men. But now, aside from his sweat, he was dry and it had been weeks since a dick had entered him. He wasn't prepared and so it felt like he was being stabbed. In response he started to struggle.

Lincoln pushed himself up, but Kelvin was stronger. He didn't stand a chance. Kelvin's huge arms wrapped around him, restraining his arms to his side and lifting his upper body a bit up. One hand found its way to Lincolns mouth and covered it. 

"Take it you cunt," he whispered and Lincoln obliged like an obedient whore. And just like that, Lincoln felt his sphincter push Kelvin's foreskin down while the glans entered his body. Soon he felt the shaft go in, to. Deeper. And deeper. Filling his rectum so much, Lincoln was afraid he'd enter his guts too. He knew that if he could just regulate his breathing he could take it. He always could take it.

"Open for me, babe," he said again. And just like that all the stress evaporated from Lincoln. This was what he wanted more than anything. To let Kelvin have his way with him. To be his babe. To have a purpose in this life. And so he felt his anal ring relax and stretch along the shape of his brother's dry dick, as the last bit sank deep into his rectum. Lincoln screamed into Kelvins huge hand without making a sound.

"Oh my god. Oh my fucking god you're so tight," Kelvin sighed, nearly moaning himself. His body freezed, his dick buried to the hilt inside Lincoln's ass. Lincoln could feel it twitching, despite his entire ass burning from being stretched. Feeling Kelvin relax was like a victory. His pussy was so good he almost made his brother cum. Lincoln couldn't help but feel proud.

But Kelvin regained posture pretty fast and with his entire body, from his huge legs burying into Lincoln's, to his pelvis grinding on top of his ass and his ripped stomach and hard nipples pressed onto his back, Kelvin started to grind. And even though Lincoln's ass burned and hurt and he started to wonder if he could keep this up, both men relaxed as Kelvin's long, hard dick moved inside Lincoln's organs.

It didn't just feel right, for Lincoln. He felt whole. Like his entire life he had a void inside him, he desperately tried to fill with other man's cocks. But now, he knew his body, his entire life, had been created for this. To complete his brother's dick. To serve for its pleasure. Lincoln started to moan in ecstasy and threw his neck back onto Kelvin's huge shoulder. Kelvin, in return, held his frail body even tighter and started kissing his neck. Up his jaw and finally, their mouths found each other.

Kelvin's big, sloppy, wet tongue pushed in between Lincoln's thin lips and Lincoln had to turn his head far to let their tongues engage in a dripping collision. But it was the best kiss either of them ever had. Kelvin's hand held Lincoln's entire head as his dick picked up the pace and started drilling the now open hole. Lincoln' couldn't help but moan out loud. As he opened his eyes and saw Kelvin's hungry twinkle they kissed once more. 

Kelvin pulled his dick out, making Lincoln feel the emptiness he had felt his whole life once more. But Kelvin pushed Lincoln onto his back, put his shoulders under Lincoln's legs and pressed them up until their his head lingered over Lincoln's. For a moment the two brothers looked each other in the eyes. As familiar as their faces were to each other, seeing them while their bodies were intwinted, showed a new light. Lincoln was stripped of his sass and strength, completely submitted to the cock that pierced his body. Kelvin looked stronger than ever but also kind and caring. Their mouths found each other again their tongues sinking deep into each other's throats. As Lincoln was drawn into the kiss, his head cupped by one of Kelvin's hands, he felt the hard penis drive itself deep into his abdomen. 

With long strokes, sliding his pole past Lincoln's ring until it touched his bulb and plowing it back in to the hilt, Kelvin fucked Lincoln. Lincoln felt his hamstrings stretch - his knees bent so far that they touched the matras - and his intestines shift but he didn't care. He had to take the massive man on top of him. And taking he did. Kelvin fucked his lower body like an animal, the bed squeaking in the night. The feeling was so good and though Lincoln feared of waking up his parents, he couldn't stop. They were after all doing what came natural to them. Fitting two bodies made from the same DNA together like a strain. Lincoln couldn't help but start moaning but Kelvin grabbed his throat.

"Shut up you little slut," Kelvin grunted in his brother's ears, biting his neck as his own back and ass started grinding in fluid motion. By now Lincoln's hole was lubed with precum, his canal completely adjusted to the manhood that penetrated it. Lincoln wrapped his arms and legs around his brother's muscular body and Kelvin pressed himself deeper over him, wrapping his arms around his back and burying his dick even deeper. They were a ball of manly muscles and limbs. 

In this embrace, Kelvin started fucking even harder, with the bed screaming under the weight and the unmistakable sound of ass slapping against a pelvis. 

"They. Will. Hear," Lincoln uttered, his voice shaking from the fucking that shook his entire body. Angrily, Kelvin pulled him up and stood on the floor. He continued the slapping as he stood straight, fucking Lincoln in the air, while the skinny young man held onto the muscular torso for dear life, limbs shaking. When that too made too much sound, Kelvin sank to the floor and threw Lincoln down. Lincoln the intimacy of brotherly love was over. He knew he was just a slut to him now. Just a sheath for a man's sword. 

Like an animal, Kelvin turned Lincoln back on his hands and knees and mounted him from behind. His dick slid easily inside but Lincoln still had to regulate his breathing to take it all. It didn't take long like this. Kelvin's dick rammed against Lincoln's prostate and completely out of breath, the younger brother felt his own half hard dick dispensing cum. 

"I'm. A. Fucking. Man." Kelvin grunted with every hard slap of his lower body into his brother's ass, shooting cum deep inside his brother's canal. When Lincoln was all loaded up, Kelvin's large body crashed onto the smaller one and they both fell on the floor panting.

Lincoln never felt happier with his brother's seed inside of him. He had fulfilled his role as younger brother being cheap replacement for Ashley. Covered in sweat and cum he turned his head to his brother and was surprised to receive a passionate kiss with tongue. 

"We're going to have to be quieter next time." Kelvin said in his usual matter-of-fact-ness. He slapped his huge hand against the bubbly butt he just destroyed, got up and walked out of the room. Lincoln turned on his back and saw the mosquito sitting still in the same spot. Yet everything had changed. He felt cum dripping out of his hole and some still oozing out of his own dick. He loved cumming with his brother.