 CHAPTER TWO

After having an orgasm jerking off with my friend on his couch, Stan surprises me by sitting on my lap and kissing me. This isn't a quick little peck on the lips. It was a "passion-filled-I-want-to-devour-you" kiss. Our tongues danced with each other.

His arms wrapped around my body and pulled us together. I could feel our cum mixing together as our bodies melt into one. Feeling his cock against mine was sheer heaven and also torture at the same time.

I reach down and grab those tight ass cheeks and savor the feel of hot flesh. He starts to slide back and forth. Our cocks glide against each other. I feel his cock grow, as I am sure he can feel mine growing.

He stops kissing me, rises up and looks into my eyes. I see a blazing inferno in his that must also be reflected in mine. We watch each other's face as he continues to rock his hips back and forth; our cocks still touching and sliding across each other.

He places a hand on my mouth and I know he wants me to lick the palm - get it wet with my spit. I do just that. He then reaches down between us. I feel his hand encircle both of our cocks. His hand glides gently up and down. It feels like a velvet glove encasing them.

This sweet torture goes on for what felt like forever. Slowly going up and down. When reaching the heads placing the palm on them and going around and around in circles. Then a fingertip swirling the heads in a figure 8 motion going around my head then to his and back.

I reach for his cock and he grabs my wrist and shakes his head no. He places the first finger on top of his cock, the middle finger between our cocks and his ring finger behind my cock. And then, he starts to glide up and down.

I moan deeply for this is nothing like I have ever felt. It took all I could not to come on the first stroke of his talented hand. With his left hand, he takes the precum and starts swirling his palm against the heads. I throb in his hand. I feel him throb against my cock

Stan moans and asks if I like what he is doing. All I can do is moan and barely able to nod yes. I am riding a wave of pure unstoppable passion. I am looking back and forth between Stan's face and our cocks. His face is full of lust and desire and his cock throbs in time with mine.

His powerful but gentle hand still gliding up and down slowly picks up speed. Stan's hips move faster and I start to raise my hips. Faster with each movement, I feel my orgasm coming on. The hairs on my neck start to tingle. An uncontrolled shiver races across my body. My balls tighten. Oh, what a glorious feeling.

I know Stan is also getting close for I feel his leg tighten to mine. The same shiver racing through his body, our cocks throbbing harder in his hands. He looks into my eyes and hits that button deep inside of all of us. He says but one word - "Cum."

It felt like the flood gates had burst open. I saw burst of lights heard bells ringing. I came with an energy that shook the whole room. I am moaning and thrusting myself upward into Stan's hand. I hear his orgasm moans and whimpers and they fuel mine on. 

It had felt I came for an hour as I lay there breathing deeply look down at my chest it is covered with a mixture of my cum and Stan's. I trace a finger thru the creamy liquid and taste it off my finger. It is a sweet salty taste.

Stan leans over and licks across my chest gather up as much as he can. He comes up and kisses me. Sharing our cum from his mouth. I accept this offering willingly.

We lay together breathing and holding each other. Stan looks over at me and asks if I would like to shower with him.

CHAPTER THREE

This was beginning to become the best night of my life. I just had the best orgasm I have ever had and was basking in the afterglow of it. When this incredible man asks me if I would like to shower with him. I look at Stan and smile. I get to touch him finally.

He gets up and walks into the bedroom and I hear the shower turn on. My legs were still so weak that I couldn't stand. I hear him come back into the room. For the first time I can look at him and not hide the lust I feel.

He comes over to me and offers a hand. I take the strong rough hand in mine as I stand. He grabs the tail of my shirt and in one smooth move it was off and in the floor. I kick off my shoes and Stan stoops down and slides my pants to my ankles. His face even with my cock, I feel his breath on it. I feel it quiver a little and I know he saw it move.

Taking my hand, he leads me to bathroom where a warm shower awaits us. He pushes me under the showerhead first. As I stand there letting the water run over my body, Stan takes a bar of soap and a washcloth in his palm, working it into a huge lather.

As his hands touch me, I shiver with pure excitement. He starts at my neck, gently scrubbing my skin. Hands going in circles working down my chest. When Stan reaches my nipples he pauses. The washcloth feels slightly rough on my hard erect nipples. He grips and gently pulls on each one.

It was like a lighting bolt going from each nipple to my cock and balls. Each gentle pull made me moan in sheer pleasure. I could feel my cock to start to swell again. I had just had two mind-bending orgasms and it wanted a third.

Stan moved on down my body wash across my stomach to my hips. I feel like I am on fire. He brings the washcloth across my pubic bone. Just inches from my cock where I want his hand. I thrust my hips against his hand. He looks into my eyes and gently laughs at my hunger.

That warm soapy washcloth touches my outer thigh starts going down. Stan kneels in front of me never removing his hand from my body. He works farther down my leg to my foot. Then comes back up the inside of my leg. I have to lean back against the shower wall, my legs getting weaker and weaker.

My cock is throbbing just inches from Stan's face and I am tempted to take his head in my hands and pull him to my cock. He looks up at me, and as if he read my mind, he leans into me and opens his mouth. His tongue comes out and he touches it to the tip. I almost climax with just that slight touch.

I fight that feeling. His tongue starts to go around and around the tip. This slow torture is pleasure. He continues till the head is shiny with saliva. He leans forwards and takes the head in his mouth.

The warmth of his mouth was amazing. His tongue on the underside of the head was indescribable. He pulls back. Letting the head slowly glide between his lips till the tip is touching his lips. He then comes back onto it. Taking a little of shaft of my cock. He pauses for a second and moves his tongue on the underside. My cock throbs and aches for release.

I feel his breath on my cock as he breathes. That coupled with his warm wet mouth I was in heaven and he was my angel.

Once again he slowly slides back off my cock. Then back down slowly till he has the entire shaft in his mouth and throat. His tongue rides against the underside till the tip is in his mouth and he swirls it around the tip.

I jump slightly as he brings his hand up to my balls. He cups them and gently squeezes them. Each time he took me fully into his mouth, he pulled on my balls. As he rinses it off, he rubs his hand back and forth over them and gently massages the area from my asshole to my balls.

After what felt hours of the blissful torture I feel a warm soapy finger massaging around my asshole. Stan looks up at me and his mouth smiles around my cock. I feel that finger gently push against the ring of my asshole. Slowly the ring gives way and that glorious finger enters me. How I wished it had been Stan's cock.

He pulls it back out and then once again pushes it back in at the same moment that he slides down my cock. With each cycle of his head going up and down my cock his finger goes in and out of my ass. I barely can think. No words come to me. I just moan grab Stan's head more to brace myself than force him onto my cock.

He takes this as a sign I want him to go faster and he does. Faster and faster both the finger and his head work. I am feeling his warm wet mouth engulfing me. His finger finds my prostate and I almost come when it does. I then feel a second finger in my ass. I moan in pure pleasure.

I cannot take it any longer. I moan thru ragged breath that I am about to come. Stan takes his mouth off my cock and tells me he is ready. And clamps his mouth back down and sucks and licks even hard. His fingers match his mouth in pace.

My balls tighten and my asshole starts to spasm around his fingers. My cock jerks and throbs in his mouth. I feel the cum building from my toes and working its way to my head. Every muscle is quivering. I unload. Holding Stan's head, cum flowing out of me. He swallows as fast as he can but some drips out around the corners of his mouth. The fingers in my ass keep massaging my prostate.

Pure ecstasy. I still feel Stan's tongue swirling around the head as I slowly deflate in his mouth. I feel the fingers gently removed, but my ass want them to stay, Stan looks up at me with the cum still at the corners of his mouth and smiles.