 CHAPTER FOUR

I stand with my back against the shower wall. My mind reeling from the best blowjob I had ever been given. I look down at Stan and he is grinning from ear to ear. He takes his thumb and wipes the cum from the corner of his mouth and sucks it clean. He looked so fucking handsome there on his knees.

I slide down the wall until I am sitting in front of Stan. He rises up and leans forwards. Stan kisses me. It wasn't a chaste little kiss. It was a deep soul moving rockets exploding kiss. I feel his tongue pushing against my lips and I open them.

Our tongues dance around each other then he suddenly stops and sucks my tongue. It was like he was sucking my cock again. He was holding my tongue and flicking the end of it with his. I could taste myself and I enjoyed the taste.

After what felt like five minutes kissing each other, we separate. Stan stands up and looks down at me. He asks if I was ready. I slowly nod while saying I don't know what to do. He lets out a little chuckle and says he will talk me through how to give a blowjob.

Stan tells me to touch his cock. I slowly wrap my hands onto his throbbing shaft. I feel the heaviness of it, the warmth of it, the smoothness of the skin. He says run my hand back and forth over it like I would my own cock. I do this and he lets out a slow hiss between his clenched teeth.

I reach up with my free hand and cup his balls. Weighing them with hand. I gently squeeze them a little just enough to feel how round and full they were.

It was like I was on autopilot. I knew what I was to do next without Stan telling me what to do. I lean forward and place my lips on his cock head. It was so hot I thought it would burn my lips. I let my lips slide to the side of his cock and moved them to the base of his shaft.

As I go back up to the head I slip my tongue out. I catch the taste of his maleness. It was slightly salty and sweet at the same time. I was hooked on it as soon as it touched my tongue.

When I reached the head I took it into my mouth. My tongue swirled around the velvety smooth head. It throbbed in my mouth and swelled even more. I push my head down onto the shaft. I hear Stan moaning so I know I am doing it right.

I move down his shaft as far as I can. I think I take half of it into my mouth. As I pull my head back up the shaft I let my tongue slide against the underside of his shaft and my teeth gently rest on the topside. Stan raises his hip trying to push his cock back into my mouth.

When I reach the head, I flick it up and down then around and around. I feel Stan's warm hand lace itself into my hair. He gently but firmly pushes on my head for me to go back down the shaft. I push against his hand. I want to savor the taste of the precum that had dropped onto my tongue.

Finally I gave in and let him guide my head down his thick throbbing shaft. Each time his heart pulsed, it twitched in my mouth. When I had gone as far as could, I started to push back against Stan's hand. He pulls me back up to the head where another drip of precum awaits my tongue and I lick it off eagerly.

Again he pushes my head back down. I am amazed at myself. I think I took more into my mouth. We do this a few more time till I feel the hairs of his pubic region touch my nose. I felt so proud that I was able to do this. I felt the entire length slide over my tongue.

Stan held my head still as he worked his cock in and out of my mouth. Slowly building speed up, my saliva running down his cock and across his balls dripping into my hand. I am massaging those globes gently and running my fingers back and forth between his balls and asshole.

With my excitement at a fever pitch, I begin to massage his asshole. Each time I crossed it, I could feel it relax and try to suck my finger in. I find the soap and lather my hand. When my fingers were nice and slippery, I pushed gently against his asshole and felt it give into the pressure.

Slowly I insert my finger until it was all in. I hear Stan moan that he loved this and to work my finger in him. I try to match the pace that Stan is going in and out of my mouth. I touched the prostate and felt Stan's body stiffen. With that reaction, I continue to rub the prostate.

He moaned loudly and pulled my head down onto his shaft. It throbbed in my mouth. I felt his body quiver and his balls tightened. His cock pulsed and into my mouth his cum flooded into my mouth. It is a thick warm cream feeling on my tongue. It had the same salty sweet taste as his cock.

I swallow and swallow as fast I could but I couldn't swallow all it. Some leaked out around his cock. It ran down and across his balls. When he had emptied his balls into my mouth and I swallowed the last of his cum, I held him my mouth until he was flaccid. I let it slip from my mouth I looked at him and he is leaning back, propped on his arms. He grins at me. With that smile I knew I had done a good job sucking my first cock.

CHAPTER FIVE

Stan and I sit in the shower. Our breathing mixing with sounds of running water. Stan just looks at me with a look pure satisfaction and lust. I must look the same way while looking at him.

After what felt like an hour just resting Stan labors to stand. Stan helps me to my feet and noticing I am fully erect, he pulls me to him. Our wet bodies touch and it is like electricity running through my whole body. Stan grabs my hair and pulls my head back slightly and kisses me. It was a deep hungry soul catching kiss.

Our tongues dance around each other. I taste a faint taste of me, as I am sure he tastes himself. My mind reels. My legs go weak. As the kiss progresses I feel Stan's cock start to rise. I am sure he can feel mine also become aroused.

As we kissed, he slowly moved me back until I was under the warm shower flowing down over my body. We separate and Stan takes a washcloth and lathers it. He starts at my neck gently but firmly he washes me. His hands go in circles down and across my chest leaving a trail of soap. When he reaches my nipples he slowly circles each one.

They swell and get hard. The roughness of the cloth is sending little sparks down my stomach and into the head of my cock. He swapped back and forth each time more and more and I become aroused. He then moves down my stomach to the top of my hips he turns me around.

He starts washing at my shoulders with the same gentle but firm pressure. With wide even circles, he works down my back. I moan and tell him that his touch was relaxing and exciting at the same time. He just gives that low laugh of knowing exactly what he was doing to me.

He kept moving down my back till he reaches my buttocks. He slowly circles around each cheek. His hands felt strong and tender at the same time. He was more massaging my buttock and hips than washing them.

He then runs his hand between my cheeks along the crack and up to my balls. I gasped as he took them in his hand. He begins gently squeezing them and rolling them in the washcloth. I feel Stan's thumb rest between my balls and asshole. He moved it in circles and my cock stands and throbs.

I feel the washcloth move from my balls. I sigh with disappointment not want the caress to end. I hear the cloth hit floor and feel Stan's warm hand on my back between my shoulders. Firmly but gently he pushes me forward till my head was resting on the cool tile of the shower.

I felt so exposed standing there like that. I could feel his eyes burning my flesh as he stared at me. He asks, or rather commands, that I reach back and spread my cheeks for him. Eager to please him I do so. My face is burning red hot both from embarrassment and hunger for him.

I feel his warm soapy hand start at the top of my crack and slide all the way to my balls. Back and forth agonizingly slow. Each time he crossed my asshole Stan would press into it a little. The last time he starts back towards my balls with his hand, he stops and runs the tip of a finger around my puckered rind.

I moan. I move back trying to take that finger into my ass, yet he kept the tip just out of reach of me. I was chasing his finger, wanting to feel it inside me. I feel and hear a slap on my right cheek. Stan says for me to calm down and enjoy the feelings.

I do as Stan says. He tortures me for what feels like and hour, his finger circling and circling. He reaches up with his other hand and cups my balls firmly holding them. Stan pulls on them. My cock throbs and I feel the precum leaking out and running down the head.

Then, I feel a finger go inside me. My back arches and I push back toward it. A moan escapes my mouth. Slowly millimeter-by-millimeter it goes in. No words form; just passionate groans come from me. I take it all inside me. Slowly and tenderly, Stan fingers my hole.

Then after five or so minutes he removes his finger. I moan - hiss - groan - don't stop, please. Stan gives a low chuckle and I feel two fingers at the opening of my ass, working me with the same gentle touch he has shown all night. I felt the coolness of the liquid soap flow down my crack and around his fingers as they work around me.

I held my breath as I felt the tips of his finger penetrate me. Little by little, my hole expands to accept them. Glorious was what my mind was screaming. I bent over farther and pulled my cheeks wider. I wanted them inside me.

I pushed back onto his fingers and this time he didn't tell me to stop. I didn't stop until he had both fingers inside me. I could feel his knuckles resting between my anus and balls. He moved his ring and pinky fingers there and a surge of pure lust came over me. It was nothing like I have ever felt

He begins to go in and out of me. Slowly evenly matching my breathing, each stroke getting faster and faster. He reaches around me and finds my rock hard cock waiting on him. It jumps and lurches with his touch.

I try to tell him how good this felt but all that comes out is just moans and groans. It is electric. All I could do was enjoy. I had no words to describe the moment.

The faster his hand moved on my cock, the faster his fingers fucked my ass. That right. This wasn't making love. I was getting fucked. There was nothing soft and sweet. This was being pounded and I loved it.

When his fingers hit my prostate, I almost came. It took all I could do not to. He laughed at my struggles and asked why didn't I cum. I got the words out, but barely through clenched teeth. I told him that I want to cum when he did it in my ass.