 I am a man of 25 and had just broken up with my girlfriend of 2 years. My friend I work with sees I am down in the dumps. Stan invites me over to his place for a steak and some movies. He wouldn't take no for an answer. So, Saturday afternoon I showed up with a case of Budweiser and pint of Jack Daniels.

When he answered the door I almost dropped the beer for he was shirtless and slightly sweaty from doing steaks out on the grill. He said to make myself at home. He showed where the fridge was and went back out to the grill.

I was dizzy from the smell he had. It was a combination of beer, sweat and Brut aftershave. I took him a beer and went out. He had just got done cooking and instructed me to have a seat. I sat opposite of him across a glass top table and I had the perfect view of his crotch.

This is the first time I had really looked at him. My mouth watered but it wasn't for the food in front of me. Stan was wearing shorts and he had well developed legs and a bulge in his shorts that any man would be proud of. When he spoke, it was a rich baritone voice. His hair was coal black. Muscular, but not carved like Greek god

After we cleaned up we settle onto the huge couch. He already had one movie in the player - a popular action movie with a few women running topless threw it. It was a good movie he gets up to put in the second one.

The second one was a porn movie featuring blowjobs. Out of the corner of my eye I could see him stroking himself thru his shorts. I take my cue from him and start doing the same. I notice him catching quick looks my way as I doing the same to him.

About half way thru the movies he pulls out his cock and strokes it in front of me. I follow suit and pull out my cock and stroke in front of him. He is looking at me as much as he was watching the screen.

I was watching him also. I watched as his hand went up and down the shaft stopping at the head and swirling the tips of his fingers over it. A drop of precum oozed out the tip and he took the tip of one finger and traced a line down the head. When he had massaged the precum into the skin of his cock he brings hand up to mouth and wets it with his saliva. He lowers his hand back to his cock and slow grips it and starts going up and down.

It was like watching an artist paint, each movement as fluid as a brushstroke. His grip looked like he was barely touching his cock, yet it throbbed in response to his touch. Each stroke made the veins pulse. The head throbbed as he ran the palm around the tip and when he just stoked it. Precum oozed out making the head glisten in the light.

I didn't realize it but I was matching him stroke for stroke, doing everything he was doing. I look up at his face and see a wide smile and I smile back at him. He reaches down and starts to play with his balls.

I hear him moan. His head is laid back eyes closed his one hand slowly going up and down and his balls cupped by the other. Every other stroke he pulls on his balls, moving his hand so that he is rubbing his them as he moves down to his asshole.

I sit in awe trying to keep up with him stroke for stroke. I hear him groan - or was it me? Our moans are intertwined. I see him start to thrust into the air and hear him grunting out that he is going to cum. I turn and watch him totally. His hand going faster and faster until he moans, "Oh Roy! I am coming. I am coming just for you."

I am in shock but I don't stop stroking myself feeling my own orgasm building in my body. When I see the first jet of white hot cum blasting out of the head of his cock, I loose control and my orgasm erupts. I look at him and see his body shaking. His cock is still pulsing as the cum flows out of him. He has cum all the way to his chin and my cum lands on my stomach.

When the orgasm has finally consumed our bodies we just lay back on the couch listening to our ragged breath going in and out. After what felt like an hour, I feel him get up off the couch and thinking he is going to get cleaned up, I just stay still. But, to my surprise he actually straddles my lap and leans down and kisses me.