 This is a new series that I have decided to work on and deliver to you guys. It's always nice to share my work with you guys and I know that I am developing my writing skills into something more incredible. I would love to thank all those who read and loved my former serial "Forever yours." I hope you'll also start this new journey with me and end it with me. This is another romance story with a lot of dialogues and few sex scenes. If sex is your main target then this story might not be for you.

If you are looking for a story that contains suspense, drama and romance then this story is definitely for you. So sit back, relax and enjoy the first chapter of this wonderful story.

This story takes place in a country called Belenia which is a country of my own imagination.

*****

Adrian quickly opened his eyes as soon as he heard the little clock on the table vibrating. He quickly jumped out of bed, pushing the buttoning making it stop. It was 5 a.m. Another day had started for him with completely new house chores and any services that would be asked of him. 

Adrian Wilson had turned 18 years just a few weeks back. He is a high school graduate and though he had graduated at the top of his class, he has been unable to go to the university due to lack of financial capacity to sponsor himself. 

He had finished secondary school at the age of 16 and that same year he had lost his lovely mother to the cold hands of death. She had died because Adrian's uncle, his father's brother Todd had refused to pay any money to begin the treatment. It was such a painful event and Adrian really misses both his parents a lot. He had lost his father at the age of 10 and since that time he had been suffering with his mother until she died. 

Though they were poor, his mother did domestic work and helped educate him. He really appreciates her for her sacrifice and one day, Adrian might just go to the university and create a better life for himself. Being an only child of his parents, Adrian had to endure all the pain alone. He had been lucky his uncle and his wife and kids had allowed him to stay in the house.

Adrian recalled the love his mother had for him and how she used to go out of her way just to make sure that he went to school. He will never forget her no matter what. He remembered how she used to kiss him every morning, but he quickly dropped his reverie, he had to get breakfast ready before any of his Uncle's family woke up,

He washed his face, went back to the bedroom and changed into an old shirt which looked a little too big on him and an old cargo short and rushed downstairs.

His aunt had specifically told him to cook bacon, toasted buns, fresh homemade juice and fruits. Just as he was serving the last plate he heard footsteps coming from the stairs. It was a really large house and he was all the way in the dining room but he could hear the footsteps and they were drawing nearer.

Suddenly, the door opened revealing his uncle Todd and his wife Jane who were dressed elegantly. They never even bothered to buy clothes for him yet they were really rich with 2 Companies and a restaurant. Jane was putting on a blue skirt with a blue jacket and her blonde hair was tied into a ponytail on the other hand, Todd was wearing a brown designer's suit that made him look fatter than he was.

Todd and Jane were really beautiful but Adrian failed to understand the reason why they hated him a lot. They used to have the same hatred for his father and mother but their hatred kept on increasing. They were blood brothers and Adrian had failed to understand why Todd was so mad at his father and once he had asked him before he died.

His father had told him that Adrian's grandfather used to like Adrian's father more than Todd that made Todd mad and he's been like that even when he became rich, he made sure his brother suffered. He married a wicked woman who diverted her wickedness to her two children. The guy has even refused to take Adrian to the university.

"I hope this food is nice," Todd groaned, eyeing Adrian in a way that made him quiver.

"What do you expect when you have a spoilt little brat for a nephew," Jane said in a hoarse voice as she grabbed the chair. "His bitch of a mother spoilt him a lot. It was the reason why she died a bitch." 

Both Todd and Jane laughed as Adrian felt tears building in his eyes. They insulted his mother at the chance they got and it made Adrian to be heartbroken.

"Morning," Cynthia made a grand entrance in the dining room and she grimaced her face as soon as she saw Adrian. She was 23, putting on a brown designer's dress with all her thighs exposed. It was such a short dress. Her chocolate brown short hair was well combed making her face looking bright. She was wearing the highest of the heels Adrian had ever seen on her.

"Morning," Jake, a guy who really troubled Adrian announced grabbing a chair and looking at Adrian as if he was the most disgusting guy he had ever seen. He was the twin brother of Cynthia, gay and boasted about it.

Jake was engaged to Nicholas Miller, an heir from one of the richest, powerful and most influential families in Belenia. Belenia was a culture rich country where most families where closely knit.

Just to say, Adrian was gay. He had known it since 15 when he got strong feelings for a school mate. He had been in relationships before but they all failed because he was looking for love while the guys wanted his ass. He is still a pure virgin though, waiting for the right guy. He really admires Jake though because he's in a relationship with Nicholas though the guy has an attitude. How is anyone able to put up with him, Adrian thought. God!

Adrian has never seen Nicholas face to face because the guy was abroad and he came back to the country just a few months back after he inherited his family wealth from his mother's custody. Apparently, Jake and he had met in the university and they have been dating for four years till they decided to get engaged just the previous month. In another month, they would be married and Adrian would have at least one burden lifted off his shoulder, hopefully.

"What the fuck is this?" Jake yelled, throwing the spoon and knife hard on the floor it made Adrian shiver.

"It's...its bacon," Adrian stammered, his heart racing. "I fried it just the way you like it, golden brown."

"Are you calling me a liar?" Jake yelled. "When I say it doesn't taste like bacon...then it's not bacon."

Adrian felt tears rushing in his eyes but he managed to refrain them from coming out.

"I'm sorry," Adrian muttered. "I thought..."

"You thought what?" Jane furiously stood up, pointing angrily at Adrian. "I gave you a simple task just to cook ordinary bacon and you couldn't do it."

"What I meant was that I tasted it myself." Adrian muttered. "There is no way the taste is bad."

Jake sighed impatiently. "You are really stupid."

"What do you expect?" Cynthia laughed teasingly as she pushed her breakfast plate away from her. "He never used to have bacon when he was living with his mother."

"Bitch of a mother," Jane hollered. "She was a bitch and I have no idea why your brother married a bitch producing such an awful offspring." Jane said, looking down at her husband who was slowly standing up.

"Just look at him," Cynthia said, moving her hand up and down Adrian. "He is so damn ugly, stupid and poor."

"Please," Todd muttered, his face looking sympathetically. "Don't talk about him like that." He was looking straight at Adrian nodding his head as if he was feeling bad.

Adrian was surprised. Did his uncle just defend him? He had no idea whether it was a reality or just a dream. It had never happened before.

Then Todd laughed. "What I meant was you don't have to remind the guy." He laughed. "He knows that he looks like he is from mass."

They all laughed while Adrian's tears fell to his face. He felt such pain but it was bearable. He had experienced something worse than that and he was used to it anyway.

"Look, he's crying." Jake said after a long teasing laugh. "Maybe he needs he needs some pampering."

"Who is going to give him that?" Jane laughed. "I don't look like I am a bitch hugger, do I?" 

"No, honey," Todd laughed. "You don't look like that at all. You are better than that."

They laughed for a minute while Adrian cried but he was still hoping for the best. He prayed for a knight in shining amour to rescue him from this suffering. Adrian asked himself if love only existed in fairytales or if it was only possible between the rich.

If Jake as bad as he was had someone he really loved what of Adrian who was good. Where was his prince charming?

"Anyway, it's pointless talking to him." Jake said with a serious face. Adrian knew he would get a beating for cooking such bad breakfast.

"We are going to work hungry." Cynthia yelled in his face. "I hope you are happy now."

"Don't worry sweetie," Jane said sweetly. "We'll grab a bite at the restaurant before we go to the company. At least we'll have enough energy for work."

Cynthia smiled. 

"By the way, I wanna have stovetop Macaroni and cheese for dinner so cook it before we return this evening." Jane instructed as she moved out of the chair.

"I don't have the ingredients." Adrian sobbed.

"Here," Todd threw a lot of money at his face. "Buy all the food items needed, fill that fridge. Buy all the groceries."

Adrian didn't know if he had the time to clean the whole house and buy the groceries. It was so little. Usually his aunt bought the groceries but he knew that if he didn't finish his work on time, he would get a beating and if he didn't cook on time, he would be dead meat.

Adrian rubbed his eyes. "I'm sorry, but I don't think I'll have the time to clean up and go to the..."

"I don't care." Jane yelled. "And let me warn you..." She pointed her fingers at him. "...let me find the house completely clean, all the groceries bought and the food cooked. You know exactly how I can be."

After warning him, they all left and Adrian was left standing in the dining room. He wanted to scream, shout, cry and run but he couldn't afford to waste any more time. He picked up the money, quickly cleared the table, washed the plates and then cleaned the whole house, did laundry and even made their beds. 

There was no worker in the house. His aunt had fired all of them except for two security guards at the gate. She said that she didn't need any house workers when she had one, Adrian.

By the time he was done, it was 2 pm and he was glad he finished his work quickly. He still had shopping to do and then cook. Out of the money that was given, he made a budget of all the food items that would be needed in the house and he realized he still had a few left to enable him a return journey home.

Adrian was getting scared because he knew that he wouldn't cook his dinner before they reached home. He prepared his body for a beating. He was used to it anyway.

Adrian quickly went and took a shower and stood in the mirror looking at his reflection. He had dark long hair all the way to his back like his mother, piercing blue eyes like his father and his physique was absolutely stunning. He looked at his face from the mirror and though they had called him ugly, he saw himself really handsome, more handsome than both his Uncle and his cousin.

As much as he wanted to admire himself, he had to get ready. He got dressed into an old faded blue jean and an old brown T-shirt that his mother had bought him years ago and old blue snickers that still looked Hmmmm...at least well and headed out the door.

He quickly got out of the large compound and ran to the super market. It took about an hour before he reached the super market and he was breathing so heavily trying to catch his breath after a long run.

Once he got to the supermarket he wasted no time looking around. He still didn't understand why his aunt made him come to the supermarket, as if he was not in so much trouble already. He started at one end of the store and worked his way through all the isles ending at the chocolates. He stopped and looked at the chocolates, a favorite treat that he hadn't had in two years. He just had no money to buy it and he had no time for the supermarket.

Looking at those chocolates brought so many sad memories of his mother but once there, he remembered harsh words and insults his uncle and family had rained down on his dead mother. It got him so angry to the point where he removed his hands from the trolley, gripped his hair in anger and then let go, swinging his hand so fast in the air.

"Uh!" Adrian screamed but then he felt his hand hitting something really hard and it got him scared.

"Ouch!" Adrian heard someone shout in pain. Oh no, he had hit someone and he felt really scared. He had no idea how the person's reaction would be. He was dead, he was really dead.

Adrian quickly turned and saw the man facing down, touching his head and groaning. Adrian didn't do it intentionally and he didn't see the man's face.

"I am sorry," Adrian stuttered. "I didn't see you. I..."

"Hey!" Adrian heard a deep voice from behind and he quickly turned to see two huge men dressed all black with glasses and he knew that they were probably guards.

"Do you know what you just did?" One of the guards shouted making Adrian quiver. "How dare you lay you filthy fingers on our boss? Do you even know who he is? I'm sure you did that on purpose but I am going to show you that our boss is not to be messed with."

"I am sorry," Adrian muttered. "I swear to you that I didn't see him. Please..."

"No begging will..."

"I'll handle it." Adrian heard the voice from behind him and he quickly turned. It was the same man he had hit and he got more scared as soon as he saw that face. It was Nicholas Miller, fucking Nicholas Miller. Adrian knew he was screwed, he was really screwed. Nicholas had his hand on the spot Adrian had hit him and he was fuming and Adrian could see it from his green eyes. He was really handsome just like Adrian knew, dark short hair and he was breathing so heavily.

"I am sorry," Adrian muttered, hoping for Nicholas to hear him out. "I promise that I didn't mean..."

"How dare you?" Nicholas yelled in his manly voice. A voice that got straight to Adrian's adrenal gland and released so much adrenaline he could feel it taking effect and he really got scared like he had never been.

"Please, I am..."

"Do you know whom you have just hit?" Nicholas yelled. Adrian thanked his lucky stars there were no people who paid attention. "I have tried to be nice, stood in for selfies with fans, given autographs but this is too much. Were you trying to get my attention?" Nicholas asked. "You almost broke my head. Now how about I teach you a lesson that will..."

"Please," Adrian hollered tears flooding his face. He was really scared. He quickly knelt down in front of the tall handsome hunk and sobbed. "I have said sorry but if that's not enough you can punish me if you want."

"I know what you are trying to do." Nicholas chuckled feeling his pain subside. "You are trying to show me those crocodile tears so that you can escape my punishment but guess what," Nicholas said as he grabbed the boy so tightly and got him up. "I know how to..." Nicholas trailed off as soon as he looked into the boy's eyes. Those weren't crocodile tears, they were real and the boy was crying for real. He felt so bad and his heart softened.

"I know that I have hurt you but believe me it wasn't intentional." Adrian cried. "I should have been more careful. I made a mistake laying my dirty hands on you and I probably deserve any punishment you want to give to me but please show a little mercy. I am just a simple, poor, wretched boy and I am no match for you. If you have any sympathy please," Adrian put his hands together as he felt Nicholas' grip get softer.

"Let me go. I promise I won't do it again. I'm so sorry." Adrian was scared and tears made his face wet. He couldn't even raise his face to stare Nicholas in the eyes.

Nicholas was defeated right there. He had never felt so bad for scaring an innocent boy like that. He wanted to hug him and keep him comfortable, tell him sorry and compensate him but he couldn't do it. He had no freaking idea why he had snapped at the boy. Maybe he had even been telling the truth. What kind of man was he?

"I am sorry," Nicholas said softly, feeling some form of emotions run down his spine. "I didn't mean to scare you. It's just that I got hurt and I spoke in anger."

"Please, sir," Adrian sobbed. "It's my fault and..."

"No, I shouldn't have reacted the way I did. And for that I am really sorry." Nicholas said, pouring his heart out to the boy. "Please, don't cry anymore."

"I am sorry," Adrian apologized, sobbing after every second. "Forgive me."

"Alright," Nicholas muttered. "I forgive you but stop crying already."

Adrian raised his face to see Nicholas staring in his blue eyes and he saw sympathy. He hadn't seen kind of eyes for a long time. He wanted to stop crying but he couldn't do it. The tears just flowed like a fountain.

Nicholas got really emotional when he saw the state he was in. He had put the boy in that situation and he was going to fix it. He took a handkerchief from his pocket and without hesitation took it to the boy's face and began rubbing his tears.

Adrian had no idea what was going on but he couldn't seem to stop it. In fact he found the scene rather amusing and it got to him. Feeling Nicholas rubbing his tears so lovingly made his heart race, his blood passed through his veins at a fast rate and adrenalin took over and made him weak. No one had ever shown him such kind gesture and it scared him big time. He didn't even know what was happening but the tears stopped flowing. 

"Here," Nicholas gave the handkerchief to the boy which he hesitantly got and rubbed his face. He was looking perfect like he had never been crying and Nicholas gave him a beautiful, bright smile but the boy's face was serious.

"Thank you so much, sir." Adrian said to Nicholas who was smiling brightly at him. "I have to go now. Here is you handkerchief," He said as he handed over the handkerchief.

"No," Nicholas muttered looking straight in the most beautiful blue eyes he had ever seen. "Keep it."

Adrian was hesitant but he took the handkerchief and since he was done with shopping, he put his hands back on the trolley and turned to leave.

"Can I drop you home?" Adrian heard Nicholas ask.

"No," Adrian said in a terrified voice. "You can't."

Adrian quickly drove the trolley to the counter, paid for everything and went home in a cab. He reached home around 4.45 pm and was really scared. He quickly put the macaroni in the boiling water and put everything that he had bought in the fridge. There was so much he had bought and he really hoped that his aunt wouldn't make him go back to the supermarket again. Not after what had happened and the amount of work that he does on a daily basis.

The work was just too much and Adrian needed help around the house. His muscles were all hurting and so was the rest of his body. Only God knows when he would be free from all those tortures that he received from the people he called his family.

Adrian was still cooking when he heard noise coming from the living room. He knew that the masters were home and he needed to speed up his cooking. Adrian tried, he really tried to cook as fast as he could but it just didn't work. It took another 40 minutes and while serving the food, he found all them in the dining waiting impatiently for dinner. He served them and none uttered a word.

Adrian made a quick serve and was almost out of the dining before his aunt called him back to the dining. He knew that he was in trouble. She had warned him about serving dinner when it was late but this was definitely out of his hands.
