 Thanks for reading my previous chapters. I really appreciate your great love for them. People were asking why Victoria and Jake's family weren't in jail but this chapter has all the answers. I just hope they'll be enough. It's part of my plot. I really hope you'll love this chapter. I'm looking forward to more ratings. Any comments are welcome. Have a good time reading. Enjoy... 

**** 

Adrian increased his pace. With his heart racing, his breaths violent and the sun directly hitting his skin, he ran as fast as his legs could carry him. He glanced behind and saw the beast running behind him almost catching up with him. He figured he needed to put more speed on his legs but before he could even do that, the steps behind him got closer. 

Then he felt his arm being held and then the other. Before he even got a chance to scream, he was being held tightly. He tried to run away but ended up falling right there, on the sand. 

"Slowpoke," Nicholas laughed, holding Adrian's arm tightly. 

"I'm not a slowpoke," Adrian laughed, feeling his bare chest rubbing against Nicholas' hairy, muscular chest. 

"Were you just running slowly so that I could catch you then?" Nicholas smirked, winking at Adrian. 

"Maybe I did," Adrian smiled, wrapping his arms around Nicholas' neck. 

"I knew you can't get enough of me," Nicholas said in the sexiest voice ever. "Just like...I can't get enough of you. You are like water which no matter I drink I just want more and more and..." Nicholas paused as he felt his cock bulge in his pants.  

"You're doing that to me...again!" Nicholas chirped, licking his lips sensually. 

"I like feeling that...cock get hard and pressed against me. It's so...sexy!" Adrian laughed. 

Nicholas laughed as he got off of Adrian. He looked around; made sure no one was watching and adjusted the bulging cock in his pants. 

The beach was beautiful, the people were absolutely amazing and the view was the most spectacular. There were people surfboarding, kite boarding and others were lying on the sand feeling the beautiful warm sun on their bodies. Others were having picnics, kissing and holding each other. It was almost 4. Pm and Nicholas was just waiting for one thing, the sunset. 

There is nothing as romantic as watching the sunset on the beach, holding the love of your life. It was breathtaking and really wonderful, nothing like it on the beach. 

"Wanna surf," Adrian said as he adjusted his jammers. 

"You know I can't do that," Nicholas smiled, staring at Adrian. "And you can't either." 

"I know," Adrian said as he got closer and wrapped his arms around Nicholas. "But I just love hearing you say you can't over and over...again." 

"Really," Nicholas said, wrapping his arms furiously on Adrian's waist. He brought him closer. Their faces were so close to each other, feeling the hot breathe hitting their faces. 

"Yeah," Adrian smiled. 

His eyes were immediately filled with lust. He was staring at Nicholas in the most captivating way. He wanted his lips close to him, kissing him and sucking on him. 

Nicholas slowly licked his lips. He was staring deep into Adrian's eyes. Those very eyes were calling his soul, urging him to kiss Adrian. He couldn't resist those lips. He just wanted them on his for as long as possible. He couldn't get enough of them. 

"Would you believe me if I told you that...I want you now," Nicholas breathed heavily. He took in a few deep breathes. 

"Right now," Adrian said, tightening his grip on Nicholas' neck. "I would believe anything you tell me. I can tell from your eyes that you want me." 

"What do they say?" Nicholas asked. His body was having pure, pleasurable vibrations. 

"They tell me that you love me," Adrian mumbled. Nicholas' face was getting closer and he was trembling in his voice. "They also...tell me that..." 

Nicholas couldn't take it anymore. He locked his lips with Adrian's and slowly began kissing him. He moved his hands to Adrian's back of the head and brought him closer. They were so close, closer than a magnet. A very strong force was driving them closer. 

Nicholas' lust was taking over. He just wanted to show how much he loves and appreciates Adrian right there in front of the people. There were many gay couples but Nicholas was one hundred and ten percent sure that they were the hottest. Adrian was the most handsome, sexiest, amazing, and attractive guy at the beach. 

That ass, Nicholas couldn't get enough. He wanted more and more and more. His cock was always satisfied but it needed more of that ass. His body needed Adrian and his heart yearned for him. Sometimes he felt like he was the richest guy on earth for having a treasure like Adrian. 

"You know what," Nicholas laughed softly. "I'm almost certain you were shy around me back there." 

"Me?" Adrian chuckled. 

"Yeah," Nicholas smirked, totally undressing Adrian with his eyes. "Remember, back at home. Three months ago?" 

"I have no idea what you're talking about." Adrian laughed as he felt Nicholas' hands on his waist get tighter. "I am pretty sure you were the one who was shy around me because you couldn't just resist me." 

"Maybe," Nicholas said, moving Adrian to the side. "I'm just glad you've got comfortable around me." 

"No, thank you." Adrian smiled teasing. "Thank you for crawling on the ground for me just to marry you." 

"Did I?" Nicholas laughed. "Oh, I did, didn't I?" Nicholas gasped, tightening his arms around Adrian. "It was all for you and thank you for accepting me as your husband." 

"No, thank you." Adrian said as he brought Nicholas' head down to him. 

Nicholas leaned down and then began kissing Adrian. His eyes were completely shut, feeling as a wave of powerful emotions took over his body. He was sucking on Adrian's lips sweetly, brushing on it with his tongue. 

He rubbed the back of Adrian's head, drawing a moan from him. Electric impulses ran through his spine down to his cock. He felt it twitch and began rising. He was happy he was wearing board shorts or it would have shown for real. 

He entered Adrian's mouth and when their tongues met...it felt like he was hit by lightning. He gripped the back of Adrian's hair and tenderly kissed him. His tongue rubbing against Adrian's felt like he had been hit by a billion volts of electricity. It was romantic, rhythmic, pure vibrations and they were making him hot. 

The way Adrian moaned, the way his arms felt around Nicholas' neck and the way his body felt against his was all having a huge impact on him. His whole body was on fire. He couldn't tear away no matter what. He just wanted to stay like that for the rest of his life, kissing Adrian. 

In a few minutes, both guys were gasping for air, smiling at each other. 

Nicholas took his hand and caressed Adrian's cheeks. He saw him blush. That had not happened in a long time. To Nicholas that blushing was sexy and appealing. There was nothing he would have loved to see. 

"You are so damn sexy," Nicholas said as he sweetly rubbed his finger on Adrian's cheeks. "You make me miss you even when I'm with you. Your smile is exquisite and your body...oh, that body," Nicholas moaned, licking his lips sensually. "...it makes me feel hot. I can't get enough of it. Your smile is heaven to me and your love is intoxicating. 

When I'm with you, I never wanna leave your presence. Your touch leaves my body vibrating. Your eyes...I don't even know what to say about them..." 

"Anything," Adrian moaned. 

He was so drawn in that moment. His heart was beating faster than usual. He wanted to hear more of that sweet, romantic, sensual and lovely talk. 

"What can I say," Nicholas added. "There is no word I can use to...describe those beautiful, sexy eyes of yours." 

"I think you just did," Adrian gulped. He was feeling a little horny. 

He couldn't wait to go back to the hotel and make sweet love to Nicholas. There was nothing better than making love at night. It was what they did almost every night, make love. Ever since, they left home it has been a night of passion, making love and talking dirty, well that's what Nicholas did. 

"Wanna know something else?" Nicholas muttered as he traced his fingers on Adrian's lips. 

Adrian nodded slowly, winking and losing himself into Nicholas. 

"I could hold you forever baby," Nicholas chuckled. "There is no one I'd rather be with. You are the sexiest guy on earth. Most importantly, I love you so much. I'll never love anyone else." 

Adrian's heart melted. "I love you too." 

Then they began staring into each other's eyes. They were so drawn into each other's eyes that they didn't even hear the footsteps approaching them. 

"Ahem!" 

Nicholas and Adrian both slowly moved their faces to see two tall guys standing in front of them smiling. They were all blonde guys. 

"Sorry," One of the guys apologized. "Sorry for disturbing your...moment. It's just that you two look so cute. We couldn't help but admire you." 

"You two married or something," The other guy asked, smiling brightly. 

"Yeah," Nicholas smirked, bringing Adrian to the front so that his hands were on his hips and his head on his neck. "Three months today," 

"Really," The guys exclaimed. "Actually, the two of us are married too. We couldn't just help but notice the strong connection." 

"That's us," Nicholas smiled, slightly moving Adrian from side to side. 

He was acting like he was dancing to slow, soothing music. It was really beautiful and loving. 

"I believe in destiny," The guy smiled. "You two are meant for each other." 

Adrian couldn't have loved for them to say anything more. Their words were really sweet. It was sweet and romantic and absolutely amazing to be appreciated by other guys. Adrian was smiling brightly. 

It has been three months since they got married. They've been from place to place, country to country, beach to beach enjoying their marriage. 

At first, Adrian had been shy but after about a week, he was really comfortable and his mood brightened up. Nicholas was really enthusiastic about that. He has taken Adrian to different luxury places in the world. It has really been a great trip and Adrian will never forget. 

They've been the most romantic and adventurous three months. They've gone from camping to hiking to cinemas to picnics to dates and most importantly to special events that turned out to be really romantic. Nicholas really loved being a married man. It makes him feel special especially being by the side of a really special guy. 

***** 

"Look at it," Nicholas said, tightening his legs around Adrian's body as they stared at the beautiful sun setting. "Isn't it beautiful?" 

Adrian was feeling the hit. He was sitting between Nicholas' legs on the sand, feeling Nicholas' heat make his body warm. 

"It's amazing," Adrian muttered. 

"And romantic too," Nicholas said, tightening his arms around Adrian. 

His eyes never left the big, yellow sun which was disappearing. It made the mood to be cozy and everyone at the beach was quietly staring at it. 

Nicholas began planting hot, sensual kisses on Adrian's arm. He was feeling really horny. He couldn't wait to get back to the hotel. It was true they made love almost each night. He just couldn't get enough of Adrian.. 

They both stayed like that till the sun completely got lost and was replaced by a large moon. Nicholas was not interested in the moon so he picked up Adrian and all the staff they had come with and they were on their way to the hotel with a car which Nicholas had hired. 

They were in Australia and so it was not difficulty to do anything. The hotel they were staying at was really beautiful. Nicholas also had about two companies in Australia so money was not a problem. 

It was not long and they reached the wonderful five star hotel. It was a really tall building, classy and elegant. It was owned by one of the most successful business in Australia. It was really luxurious and the rooms were wonderful. 

"Oh," Nicholas gasped as they reached the room. He threw himself on the huge queen sized bed. "Now, aren't you glad we are back?" 

"I'm," Adrian said as he fell on top of Nicholas. "I was really tired...but..." Adrian crawled all the way up to Nicholas' face. "...it was really wonderful being around you. I felt like the luckiest guy when you kissed me and chased me on that beach. You've really being so romantic to me. The past three months have been heaven to me." 

"Did it hurt?" Nicholas said, wrapping his arm around Adrian's neck as he brought him closer. 

Adrian was surprised. He had no freaking idea what Nicholas was talking about. 

"Did what hurt?" Adrian asked, licking his lips. 

"When you fell from the sky?" 

"When I fell from..." Nicholas paused and gasped. "Oh, because I'm..." 

"That's right," Nicholas said as he brought Adrian's face closer to him. "You are an angel and this angel...is mine." 

Adrian's eyes became glassy from tears. He wanted to kiss Nicholas so badly but he had to tell him how sweet he was. He was such a sweet-sweet man, the most romantic and handsome man on earth. He knew how to treat his life partner. The thought of having such a man brought immense tears of joy to Adrian's eyes. 

"Hey," Nicholas exclaimed, rubbing Adrian's tears. "Did I say anything wrong? Don't cry. You know I love you and I'll always love you till the end of time." 

"I'm not crying." Adrian smiled. "These are tears of joy. Why are you so sweet?" 

"Am I?" Nicholas chirped. 

Adrian nodded. "You are the sweetest..." 

"Shh," Nicholas whispered as he stared into Adrian's eyes. "Say no more. I just wanna kiss you." 

"You don't have to ask," Adrian breathed. His hormones were starting to erupt. There was fire in Nicholas' eyes when he stared in them. "You...can kiss me anytime, any day. I'll never turn you down because you are my husband and I love you too much." 

"Oh," Nicholas breathed. "You are so..." 

He couldn't speak anymore. Speaking was only making him lose precious time. He had to do what his heart was telling him to do. And that was...kissing Adrian. 

He gripped the back of his hair and brought him closer till their lips touched. Making sure that he was holding Adrian tightly, he took Adrian's bottom lip in his mouth and sucked. 

He sucked softly, sensually and lovingly. Each passing moment drained energy from his body. He was weak, weaker in love. Adrian's love was draining his very life force but he couldn't do it anymore. He was too horny to think properly. 

Then the moans started. He couldn't stop. And when he heard Adrian moaning, he simply drove out of his mind and penetrated Adrian's mouth. Their tongues barely met and he was already sucking Adrian's lips. 

He was moaning slowly, sensually and softly. He wanted to make Adrian realize how much he was loved him. The only thing that he wanted was to feel that mouth of his every second of the day. It felt so good and the kisses were wonderful 

Nicholas slowly slid Adrian off of him and made him lie down on his back. Being careful not to tear away from his mouth, Nicholas slipped his hands under Adrian's shirt. He found the two little nipples and he pinched hard making Adrian squirm. 

He got out his right hand, tore away from Adrian's mouth and licked two of his fingers. He sucked on them hungrily and brought them closer to Adrian's mouth. 

Adrian took the fingers and sucked on them as he coated them with his saliva. They felt so good, so beautiful in his mouth. Nicholas was sliding his fingers in and out of Adrian's mouth as he moaned deeply on them. They vibrated and Nicholas' moans became violent. 

He was enjoying the feel of Adrian's mouth on his two fingers. His other hand was pinching Adrian's nipples and he was enjoying feeling him squirm. It sent chills of pleasure all over his body. 

"Do you like it?" Nicholas moaned. His voice was filled with lust. "Do you like sucking on my fingers? Do they make you feel hot?" 

Adrian couldn't say. All that came out was a moan. The feel of Nicholas' fingers deep down his throat was amazing. Nicholas fingers were sweet, too sweet. Adrian just didn't want to let them leave his mouth. 

"I like it," Nicholas moaned. "Feeling your hot mouth on my fingers is amazing." 

"Hmm," Adrian moaned as his body got hotter. 

Every second he felt a different vibration on his spine, cock and blood stream. It was making his cock rise to the maximum, begging to be released. He felt horny and there was so much blood running to his cock. He was ready to feel Nicholas' cock thrusting deeper into him. 

Nicholas was on cloud 9. He couldn't pull away but he needed to replace those fingers with something sweeter, something hotter and something amazing. He removed his fingers from Adrian's mouth and replaced them with his mouth. 

He was all the way deeper down Adrian's throat, kissing him with each passing moment. His lips were trembling against Adrian's, feeling a sweet sensation each time he felt Adrian moan in his mouth. 

He removed his hands from under Adrian's shirt and took them to the waistband of his shorts. He slowly slipped the short off to the place where his hands were able to reach. He brought forth his hands and cupped Adrian's cheeks. 

His cock was vibrating so badly. He was ready to come. It was swelling so badly in his pants begging to be released. 

It was so hard. It throbbed painfully, pressed against Adrian's leg. The movements on Adrian's leg were jerking his cock sending waves of vibrations to his entire body. He could feel sweat forming on his skin. It was just too hot. 

"Uh," Adrian gasped for air as Nicholas released him. 

"You like that?" Nicholas gasped. 

Adrian nodded. He loved every bit of that kiss. He couldn't just tear away from his husband's sweet mouth. It just wasn't possible. 

"Well, I love it too." Nicholas moaned as he planted a quick kiss on Adrian's mouth. "Makes me horny all the time," 

Adrian chuckled nervously. 

He knew Nicholas was horny. He was also horny. He wanted to make love to Nicholas. He wanted him to ram his hole like he always did. He wanted Nicholas to feel his ass with hot, sweet cum. 

Nicholas took Adrian's hairless chin in his mouth and slowly sucked on it. 

"Fuck," Adrian moaned. "That feels so fucking good. Your hot mouth feels so good on my chin." 

"Yeah," Nicholas asked as he shifted his mouth to Adrian's nose. 

"Yeah," Adrian moaned. 

Nicholas placed soft kisses on Adrian's nose. He moved up and kissed Adrian's forehead. He kissed each eyelid and the returned to the hot mouth. He kissed it for a few minutes, moaning loudly. He couldn't tear away from it. That's right, it was really wonderful. 

The feeling of Adrian's saliva deep in his mouth always turned him on. The feel of his hot tongue fighting for dominance was quite irresistible. 

What really made him to lose his control was holding Adrian tightly, feeling his hairless body against his and thrusting deeper into his hole. That was what he couldn't resist no matter what. The past three months have been pleasurable, ecstatic and orgasmic. 

Hearing Adrian moan his name was the best part. His voice was really cute when he was in pleasure. He was always like, 

"Oh, Nicholas, right there. Don't stop." 

And when he wrapped his legs around his waist when they made, it just drove Nicholas insane. He swore the pleasure increases each time. He always comes with a powerful thrust, filling Adrian's ass to the fullest. He really loved it a lot. 

"This is where it ends baby," Nicholas moaned as he planted a kiss on his forehead. 

"What?" Adrian said softly as he felt a powerful vibration which made him shudder. 

"I won't make love to you now." Nicholas said, removing Adrian's hair from his face. 

"Why's that?" Adrian asked. 
