 Hello guys and welcome to the twelfth chapter of this story. It's really wonderful to have people who have great love for my stories. All of you are my inspiration. I really hope you'll find this chapter interesting. Don't forget to drop your comments at the end and...don't forget to rate. I just hope I'll get some high ratings this time. Enjoy the chapter...

*****

Adrian was sitting on the bed, tears forming in his eyes. He was slowly looking around the room, wondering how everything was gonna change for him after that very day. It was morning. The room was still the same, messy and just the way Victoria and Jake had left it.

Looking around, he stopped and stared at his bag which was on the floor, beside the bed with all his clothes in. Staring at that bag actually made his eyes water. Since last night he'd been waiting for the day, waiting for Victoria and Jake to appear at that door and take him out. He still had no idea what they'd planned for him but he was pretty sure that it was not gonna be good.

He had humiliated them, used them as maids, insulted them and made them dance to his tunes. With that in his mind, he didn't expect anything good to come from them. He was just hoping it wasn't something that was pretty bad as to land him in prison. He was expecting something worse anyway.

With a lot of pressure from last night's shock, he'd taken a hot shower to help him think and come to term with everything that had been going on. He was now dressed in black t-shirt, green skinny pant and blue sandals. He had his hair in a pony tail. What was the point of looking irresistibly sexy and classy if he was going to be thrown out anyway?

The whole of last night he didn't sleep at all. All he kept thinking about was how Victoria and Jake were gonna throw him out of the house. How they were gonna frame him...how they were gonna repay him back for everything that he'd done to them and how his husband was gonna react. Those things actually kept him awake throughout the night and he was kinda feeling tired, waiting for the evil people to come into his room and take him.

Taking a deep sigh, a lot of memories came back to him, memories that he'd made with Nicholas in the house, making love, cuddling, caressing, kissing and telling each other how much they loved each other and couldn't live without each other.

He remembered the promises and vows they'd made to each other to stay with each other till the end and he clenched on his fists. He loved his husband a lot but the evil people that were trying to ruin his relationships couldn't allow that. He had no choice but to comply.

Man, he couldn't even do anything. He was dumbstruck, remembering how his life had taken a turn. The image of Victoria and Jake destroying the CD and his camera kept on repeating in his mind. The image of their evil grins never left him and the painful words they'd said were all deep inside his mind, reminding him of how everything had turned out to be.

All those things made him feel like his voice was gone. He couldn't feel it and the images of his once evidence kept on giving him a headache, he thought. He was sitting on the bed like a zombie, thinking and wondering with tears in his eyes.

Looking at the broke CD on the floor as tears flooded his eyes, Adrian heard his door open. He quickly moved his face up to see Victoria and Jake standing in the door way smirking, crossing their arms on their chests. They were staring at each other as if they'd won a big lottery.

He took a good look at them and wondered why they were dressed like that. They were dressed as if they were going for a fashion contest.

Victoria was wearing a tight green dress that showed her beautiful, sexy shaped. She had all kinds of expensive jewels on her ranging from gold necklaces to diamond ring to pearl bracelets. She had heels on her that made her look super hot, irritating to Adrian. Her hair was curled and her face was glowing with makeup on it. She was looking really beautiful.

Jake on the other hand was putting on a bright grey, shiny designer's trouser, bright green shirt, a beautiful gold necklace and diamond ring. His legs were in really beautiful expensive white shoes and his hair was curled, shining in the room.

Seeing them Adrian quickly rubbed his tears and slowly got up from the bed, shaking as he tried to grip his bag from the floor which he found impossible. Their moods were making him hurt and their breaths were kinda irritating.

"Good morning!" Victoria smirked, sighing deeply.

Adrian remained quiet. He didn't even respond to Victoria's greetings because he was not sure of what he felt anymore.

"Anyway, you get it." Jake said, rolling his eyes. "I can see you're ready." Jake smiled, looking at Adrian's bag beside the bed.

Adrian swallowed hard, taking a good look at the two of them. That was when he realized that they had a really big bag with them, making him wonder what was in it. He knew that they had something planned for him. Could it be in the big red bag, he wondered. His eyes never left the big bag.

"What's that for?" Adrian muttered his voice low and vulnerable.

Victoria looked at the big bag she was holding and then at Adrian. She gave him a stupid smile that made him more vulnerable. He had asked her a stupid question but unknown to him, in that big red bag was what she had planned for him. It was something that was gonna send him away for good, from their lives and especially from Nicholas' life.

Slowly entering the room, Victoria turned around and closed the door. She then walked to him and looked at his big stupid, ugly face. He had no idea what she had planned for him. And most importantly, she was gonna send him out of the house for good.

"Why?" Victoria snarled. "It's also your bag."

"What?" Adrian gasped, looking at Victoria. "I don't have that kind of bag. What are you planning on doing to me?"

Victoria chuckled mockingly. "Well, it's your bag now. This bag will be leaving this house together with you. Just call it as a gift from me."

"But..."

"Oh please, shut up." Jake growled, patting on his shoulder. "Just smile. You're leaving the house with a wonderful gift."

"It will completely match your look," Victoria chuckled. "You're looking handsome; your hair is tied into a beautiful pony tail and..."

"He's looking stupid," Jake chuckled. He wanted to inflict more pain before finally getting him out of the house. He was gonna enjoy seeing him going out of the house.

With a mocking smile, his hormones getting out of control and the urge to throw Adrian out for good, Jake felt his hole vibrating terribly in need of a big cock which he still remembered Nicholas had. He was gonna enjoy screaming his name, moaning deeply and dancing on that wonderful cock.

"After so long," Jake said. "You'll finally leave this house and let us live in peace."

"I think he shouldn't have come back." Victoria added. "He should have stayed far away. He should have been in the streets by now."

Hearing that, Adrian's eyes watered but he suppressed the tears from coming out. What was the need of crying if it wouldn't even help him at all? He had to stand firm and listen to their painful words that almost pierced his skin.

"I just hope you're happy." Adrian muttered. "Just pray that karma doesn't catch up with you." He said, looking at Victoria. "I hope the truth doesn't come out and..." He turned to look at Jake. "...I hope you'll enjoy your marriage with Nicholas."

Hearing that, Victoria laughed so hard tears were beginning to form in her eyes. Not only was Adrian funny but he was also stupid and annoying too. Whatever gave him the nerves to say that?

"Don't worry," Victoria laughed, holding a firm grip on the big red bag. "We don't need stupid prayers. I don't even believe in your stupid karma and the traditions of Belenia. You should know by now that we..." Victoria pointed at herself and Jake. "...we are invincible. Don't worry about anything. I have escaped from any sin that I've committed in the past. You won't be my first. I've come a long way to be defeated by a poor stupid boy like you."

"As for the marriage," Jake said. "Don't worry. Nicholas and I will live happily. I'll make him happier than you did and..." He brought his lips closer to Adrian. "...I'll pleasure him with my sweet ass even more than you could ever do." He whispered so that Victoria couldn't hear anything that he was saying. "We'll fuck around the whole house. I'll ride his cock while he screams in pleasure."

Hearing the painful words from Jake, Adrian closed his eyes shut, feeling warm tears flooding his face. He quickly brought his hands forth and rubbed his tears as he heard Jake laughing maniacally. The words were painful but he had to stand strong and leave the house in peace like they planned.

"So, I'm not your first victim?" Adrian muttered. The question was directed at Victoria.

"First?" Victoria chuckled nervously. "Boy, you're not even my greatest. Compared to others you were just a pawn in my hands. Others tried but they failed just like you."

"One day," Adrian breathed. "One day..."

"There is nothing that's gonna happen." Victoria said hoarsely, gripping his arm. "Don't you get it? No one can ever defeat me. Not you and not even my own hub..." She stopped and then breathed hard. "...no one will ever defeat me."

So there were other victims, Adrian thought? Victoria was rather sounding dangerous to him and he wondered why he had a really bad feeling that she was ready to do anything just to make things go her way.

"I think we're wasting time with him." Jake snarled, laughing softly. "We need to get him out of the house."

"I'll leave," Adrian muttered, releasing his arm from Victoria's grip. "You have won this time. I just hope your son will be able to find happiness with me gone."

"Don't worry," Victoria chuckled. "And you're not leaving this house. We are throwing you out of our house for good together with..." She slightly raised the big red bag in her hands. "...the gift that we've decided to give you. We just hope it'll be enough for you."

Adrian couldn't help but feel that something was up. He knew that there was something in that big red bag that was probably gonna make him look bad in front of the family. He knew Victoria had something really bad planned for him but he just couldn't put his finger on it. What if Victoria was gonna frame him for something that was gonna land him in jail or something? Thinking about it actually made him quiver and scared.

"I don't want anything," Adrian muttered, trembling. 

To Victoria's sight, seeing him vulnerable and in pain was absolutely beautiful. But she was wasting time and needed to throw him out after framing him for something even bigger in front of the entire family. It was early and she was gonna wake up everyone with a great surprise.

"Well, you don't reject a gift." Victoria said angrily, gripping his wrist. "Now, let's go because you're wasting our time."

Adrian's time had come and there was nothing to be done anymore.

Feeling her dragging him out of the room, Adrian slowly followed behind.

"Jake, bring his bag."

"With pleasure," Jake chirped, grabbing the bag and happily following behind.

Victoria had a big red bag on her left hand and gripped Adrian's wrist on her right hand. She was holding the two most important things that would help her in her plan, Adrian and the big red bag. She was dragging him out quietly and she was surprised at the way the boy followed her without any resistance or any word. That showed her that he'd given up and accepted that he was defeated.

Adrian on the other hand followed Victoria behind as she quickly dragged him to the living room. He knew that once in that room, Victoria was probably gonna pull up a great stunt or anything just to make him look bad. He knew she was dressed that way because it was gonna be the happiest day of her life.

With those thoughts in mind, Adrian imagined the expression on Nicholas' face once he sees what was gonna happen...he imagined the look on the family members and the words that were gonna come out of their mouths...he imagined the look on granny's face and George was gonna be surprised and ask questions because he was gonna be confused how Victoria had turned the tables on him.

His mind was mostly on that big red bag. Just what did Victoria and Jake plan for him, he wondered as they neared the stairs? His heart began racing as they slowly reached the stairs. He looked behind and saw Jake giving him a cold shoulder and he looked away.

They reached the stairs and she quickly dragged him down, together with the suspicious big red bag. 

"It won't be long now?" Victoria said. Her voice was barely audible but excitement could be heard from it. Adrian followed her quietly until she dragged him to the living room.

Reaching the living room, she stopped and dragged him to the front, suddenly letting go of him. He felt his wrist hurting, holding and massaging it softly as he looked at Victoria and Jake with hatred and anger, knowing that he couldn't do a thing to stop what they were doing.

"And here is your bag." Jake said, throwing the bag on the floor.

Adrian slowly leaned down and picked up his bag. With one final glare of despair and pain, he slowly started to move softly before he felt a hand on his shoulder.

Looking past the shoulder, he saw Victoria smirking and probably showing him her most evil grin ever. Now he suspected something was up.

"Where are you going?" Victoria smirked. "Don't you wanna see the gift which we gave you?"

"I don't wanna..."

"Uh-uh," Victoria chirped, passing her finger in the air. "You have to wait and see."

Adrian remained quiet. Victoria enjoyed the look on his face and she smiled brightly, mocking him with every movement that she made. If there was one thing that she was really looking forward, it was to see Adrian being humiliated and insulted before throwing him out of the house.

Looking at Adrian, Victoria picked up the big red bag and laid it on the big glass table in the living room. She had a big smirk on her face and the giggles from Jake were warming her up. In that big bag was a big surprise that was gonna leave Adrian dumbstruck.

Still looking at him, Victoria grabbed the bag's zipper and slowly began unzipping it till it reached its maximum. Then with an evil grin, a chuckle and a deep breath, she opened the door and enjoyed the wonderful expression on Nicholas' face, hearing him dropping the bag to the floor.

Adrian's eyes widened...his breaths became violent...his trembling became worse and he felt his strength leaving, letting go of his bag. It dropped to the tiled floor with a loud sound that also made him quiver. He had no idea what was going on but...the big red bag was filled with a load of money, 100 dollar notes.

He tried to move his mouth but he just couldn't do it. His voice was gone. The only thing that came out was a loud gasp that sounded painful and fear filled. Somehow there were no tears in his eyes because he was too surprised to even cry.

He had known that Victoria wouldn't let him go just like that. He knew she had planned something bad for him. Looking at that big filled with money, Adrian knew that she was gonna frame him for stealing the money.

He couldn't even move his eyes away from that big bag on the table. He felt like he was dreaming so he closed his eyes and then opened them again but the money was still on that table, a whole lot of it. He was gonna be framed, making him wonder how he was gonna get out of it. That kind of stunt could easily put him behind bars. Victoria was shameless. How could she frame him again like that? He didn't even know what Nicholas was gonna say. What could he say? Even Adrian couldn't move his mouth to speak any word.

Victoria was overtaken by a wind of excitement. The look on Adrian's face was to die for. She really loved it and she was gonna make him pay. Seeing his eyes almost popping out of his socket was the most beautiful. It was clear the boy was scared, defeated.

"What did you think?" Victoria chuckled softly. "Did you think that you were gonna leave just like that?"

"Oh, mother," Jake chirped, giggling like a stupid spoiled little brat. "I bet he doesn't know us that well after all."

"Wh...wh..."

"What?" Victoria asked, putting her hand on her ear. "Don't worry," She pulled away, grinning at him. "All that is your money,"

Adrian had never looked at something for a long time. He was sure that everyone was not gonna take him for granted. That was gonna have him in jail for sure. And what about Nicholas, Adrian wondered? Didn't Victoria think of her son before doing any of that? He was supposed to ask a question but how would he when his voice was absolutely gone? It just wasn't possible and there was no way anybody was gonna take things lighter with him.

"You could have left the house peacefully," She said softly, passing her hand on the money. "But no, you just had to mess with me. This is gonna make you regret everything you've ever done to us. I would have done something worse but..." She gripped the bag, slowly moving it. "...in this bag are over 43 million dollars and you..." She flipped the bag, letting the money scatter all over the house. "...just tried to steal the money before you got caught."

Adrian was now trembling terribly. Even Victoria's voice sounded evil and it was somehow giving him a bad vibe. 

Feeling the money on his feet, Adrian quickly raised his face and looked up into Victoria's face with a frown and a surprise look. He tried to say something but that was all, no word came out and from Victoria's expression he could see that she was determined to frame him for it.

As she enjoyed the look on Adrian's face, Victoria slowly looked at Jake and brought his face closer. She gave him a quick kiss on the forehead, touching his head to bless him. Then with a smile, she moved her face to stare at Adrian who looked like he had just seen a ghost.

"I hope you're ready to be framed, again." Victoria said, getting closer. She then took his hand, picked up the big red bag and put it into his hands. Adrian quickly let go of it and it fell to his feet.

"Perfect!" Victoria said, slowly moving away from him with an evil grin. It was perfect and now it was time for her plans to come into action. Adrian was in deep shit now!

What followed scared Adrian big time? He gaped at Victoria and breathed faster as he heard her shouting for everyone while Jake smirked at him.

"Everyone, come out," Victoria shouted at the top of her voice, sounding vulnerable. "Please, wake up and come and see. Thief,"

****

Nicholas suddenly woke up, hearing a loud shout. He quickly opened his eyes, realizing that he was on top of his bed without any covers on him. 

Rising from the bed, he realized that he was still dressed in what he wore at the party. Only his jacket and shoes were off. His shirt was not tucked in and he had a slight headache. Remembering what had happened the night before, he felt weak, vulnerable and angry. He didn't even know what had happened to him and worst of all, he had no idea how to face his family and explain to them what the fuck he had done at the party. He very well knew that they were not gonna be pleased with him. Fuck! He didn't even how he'd face Adrian who had become a huge thorn in his flesh.

With a deep sigh of irritation, Nicholas buried his face in his palms as he felt like the most stupid idiot on earth for doing what he did.

"Fuck," he groaned, slowly rubbing his face.

He had no idea what to do with everything going on. And it was still a weekend which means he'd be home whole day. He'd probably lock himself in his room till he feels like explaining himself. Come to think of it, there was nothing wrong with what he'd said because he still loved Adrian and the thought of divorcing from him was torturing him big time. He just had to do everything right and be the man. But who'd understand him in that situation?
