 Hey lovely people and readers. I'm back with an amazing new chapter of my story. I really hope you'll love and enjoy reading it. Please, tell me what you think of this story so far. Don't forget to drop your comments and rate this chapter. Happy reading, enjoy... 

**** 

Dinner was sweet, sweeter than anything else. Nicholas had his hand on Adrian's, slowly rubbing on it and squeezing it sweetly. He didn't want to let go of it. Not after that intense love making earlier in the afternoon. They did it twice and they were both sweaty. 

Nicholas was happy to be back home but not as happy as he was after making sweet love to Adrian. It was intense, beautiful, captivating, heartwarming, amazing and orgasmic. Nicholas kept on coming deeper into Adrian's ass. 

They had to be careful though. So all they made were low moans from the intense, exotic pleasure they felt. It was pleasure to die, not to be forgotten, ever. 

Adrian glanced at Nicholas in a sexy way and he winked. That sent shivers running down his spine. Those were wonderful shivers. He was really happy he wasn't feeling so shy anymore. He felt comfortable around all the family members. 

Guess that long honeymoon had helped. 

"So Adrian," Jake began with a chuckle. "How was it? How did it feel to go out of the country for the first time?" 

"I'm sure it was fine." Victoria answered staring at Adrian with a grin on her face. 

"Yeah," Jake said as he dug into the meatloaf. "I'm sure it was. Who wouldn't be happy going abroad? I mean I've had quite a number of times. I bet Nicholas had to hold you the rest of the way. I'm quite sure you were looking around because you've never been anywhere else but...I don't know the slumps." 

Jake laughed together with Victoria. Everyone else at the table was irritated. Nicholas was burning inside and he wanted to slap Jake. This was the guy who made his blood boil. He didn't want him around Adrian. Had it not been for his mother, he'd have enjoyed seeing him rotting in jail. 

Adrian closed his eyes and tried to be calm. He had allowed Jake to bully him at his uncle's house. He was not gonna allow him make his marriage a bit difficult. This was it for Adrian. Jake had just gotten on his last nerve. 

Nicholas threw the spoon hard on the table. 

"How dare you, Jake. Who do you think you are calling my..." 

Adrian squeezed Nicholas' hand and he stopped talking. Nicholas stared at Adrian and wondered why he stopped him. Nicholas knew Adrian couldn't stand up for himself. Nicholas was the guy to protect him. He was his husband after all. 

Nicholas looked at Jake and smiled. He smiled brightly and the crazy guy smiled back. 

"It was nice, Jake." He said sweetly. "It was really nice. And no! I didn't have time to look around the places where we went. I didn't have time because my mind was focused on more important things. Yes, my husband was holding my hand. He wouldn't let go because he loves me a lot." 

Nicholas was proud of Adrian. He held his hand tighter and smiled at him. That was really sweet. Adrian handled Jake without any arguments. Nicholas' joy increased and his mood brightened. 

Looking across the table, everyone was proud of Adrian too. It was really sweet and his Adrian had just handled Jake. 

Speaking of Jake, he was looking at Adrian clenching his jaws. It was clear he was angry but Adrian smiled at him. He was not gonna take any no sense from Jake. Not when it involved his husband or any of the family members. 

Sure, Jake had the support of the Victoria but Adrian had the love of his husband as his strength. If only he could get Jake out of the house. But no, that was impossible. Thanks to his, I hate you Adrian mother in law. Geez, if only he could make her love him. 

"Anyway," Granny started, smiling at Adrian. 

She was more than proud. Jake needed someone to put him in his place. She had told Victoria in the last three months to send Jake away but no. he had refused to do so. 

"Nicholas, many people have been asking who you are married to." 

"Yeah, most of my business partners too." Nicholas said, smiling at Adrian. 

"They still think you and..." Granny glanced at Jake. "...Jake are still together. I think it's about time you cleared the misunderstanding and tell them you two are not still together." 

"What for?" Victoria asked, folding her arms together. "He's married. Isn't that enough?" 

Nicholas stared at his mother and he got disappointed. She was really something else. 

"Didn't you hear, granny?" Nicholas asked, pissed. "She said many people still think I married Jake." 

"What's wrong with that?" Victoria asked, smiling like a villain. "If you ask me, there's nothing wrong with that. You two were about to get married before somebody blinded you. It's only natural that they think like that." 

To say Nicholas was disappointed is an understatement. He had no word to describe what he felt at that time. His mother was really getting on his nerves. This was the same boy who had saved her from going to jail. He didn't want her to go to jail but he couldn't have her ruin his mood. Either way, he'll show Adrian to the world whether his mother likes it or not. 

"Well, I don't," Nicholas said, holding a firm grip on Adrian's hand. "I'll introduce him to everybody in the world. I'll show him on every platform." 

"That's a good idea." Emily gushed. 

"Yeah," Nicholas said as he moved his head to stare into Adrian's sexy eyes. "I'll do it tomorrow. I'll introduce him to everyone." 

"Yeah," Arianna said excitedly. "A party, really, I think it will be fun," 

"Yeah, a party," Nicholas smiled. 

He diverted his eyes and stared at his mother who was looking mad. 

"Mom, can you..." 

"No!" She said angrily. "If you are about to ask me to organize a party tomorrow, I'm sorry but I can't do that. I've got a lot of things to do tomorrow." 

"But mom..." 

"Leave her." Emily chuckled. "I'll do that. Leave it all to me to handle. I'll organize the party. Just do what you have to do." 

"Thanks aunt," Nicholas said, thanking her with his eyes. 

"No need to thank me," She chuckled. "You are like a son to me and I'll go out of my way just to do anything for you." 

Nicholas was touched. If only his mother would be as understanding as her, things would have been great in the house. No more arguing but his mother had made the mistake of having Jake in the house. It was a really big mistake. 

"Clara and I will deal with the guests," Arianna chuckled. "You'll only have to invite your business partners." 

Adrian was in paradise. There was nothing he wanted than to be known as Nicholas' life partner. He wanted it more than anything and now it was about to come true. He was really happy. He just hoped that everything would be smooth since he kinda came into the house without anyone expecting him to. 

He stared at the people all around and they were happy except for Jake and Victoria. They were really mad. Looks like Adrian was winning at whatever game they were playing on him. He was really happy, more than happy. Little Gabriel was playing with his food and it made Adrian happy. 

He could still remember the reaction when Gabriel found out that they had returned. The boy was enthusiastic. He run all around the house and spent his time in Nicholas' arms. It had such a beautiful scene. 

"By the way," Granny said softly. "I would like to speak to you after dinner. Adrian has told me his own part but I'm waiting for yours." 

Nicholas smiled. "Of course, granny," He was more than happy to tell her of his wonderful time with Adrian the last three months. 

Nicholas brought Adrian's hands to his mouth and kissed them in front of his family. Adrian blushed and smiled at Nicholas. Everyone was busy admiring the scene before them. 

**** 

Adrian ran up the stairs on his way to his room. He was going there to wait for Nicholas who was busy in the living room, narrating the story to his family, well most of them. He had told Adrian to wait in the room and that was where he was going. 

He was really happy and sore at the same time. But that was sweet sore from the pounding he had received from Nicholas earlier that afternoon. He could still feel the pleasure of love making. 

Adrian passed a few room and was later rushing to his room as happy as ever. 

"Hey, you," Adrian heard Jake's pissed voice. "Wait!" 

Adrian stopped in his tracks and quickly turned to see Jake rushing towards him. He came forward and folded his arms on his chest looking as pissed as ever. Nicholas laughed in his heart. He knew what Jake was there to do but he was ready for him. 

"What?" Adrian said, sounding not to care at all. 

"I just figured I need to clear something up," Jake said hoarsely. "I need to clear something to a thief and a whore like you." 

Adrian rolled his eyes and sighed. Jake was really shameless and most importantly he was getting on his nerves. Just what does he want? Can't he go out there and look for another guy? Must it be Adrian's husband? Jake was rich, handsome, well educated so why was he still clinging to Nicholas even after marriage? 

Guess it was love. But love also involves sacrifices and if Jake truly loves Nicholas who by the way doesn't love him, he has to sacrifice. 

"Where is your bodyguard?" Jake chuckled teasingly. 

"Oh you mean my husband?" Adrian said sweetly. "He's downstairs and he's not my bodyguard." 

Jake laughed and moved his hand in the air. "Of course, he's not your husband. He's just your bodyguard. He only belongs to me." 

"No, he isn't," Adrian smiled. "Nicholas is my husband and I love him a lot. He's all mine." 

"Whatever!" Jake said rolling his eyes. "Anyway, I just wanna tell you to enjoy him while you can. Nicholas will always be mine. I love him so much and he loves me a lot. What he feels for you is just a phase that'll pass." Jake laughed. 

"You might be with him now," Jake said, pointing his finger angrily at Adrian. "But he'll always be mine. Just a little time and we'll be married. And you..." Jake said, eyeing Adrian up and down in an irritating way. "...I don't know. He'll dump you. I don't even know how someone as dirty as you got to seduce him. You're so despicable..." He hissed. 

"...You're just an obstacle in our life and very soon, I shall have you removed from this house and from Nicholas' life. Whatever charms that you've been using on him will not help you. I'll prove that our love is stronger than your charms. That is a promise. 

And one more thing, you better start packing your bags because very soon, you'll be in the streets." 

Adrian listened while Jake blabbered, blah-blah-blah. Yeah, he got it but he didn't utter any word. He just pretended to be scared so as to see Jake's reaction. 

"And oh...don't forget to start packing your bags. I'll soon have you thrown out of this house. Goodbye...whore." 

Jake turned around and began moving away from Adrian. Adrian chuckled a bit. Just who does Jake think he is? Seriously, that was the height of shamelessness. Adrian still had a lot to say to him. He was not afraid of Jake anymore. 

"Wait!" Nicholas hollered. 

Jake stopped and turned around. Adrian began slowly going to him until he got closer. He folded his arms on his chest confidently and smiled teasingly. 

"Well I have heard what you have to say," Adrian said, literally raising his voice. "How dare you warn me to stay away from my husband? You really are something." Adrian laughed. "Nicholas is my husband and we are legally married. As for that love you were talking about...you'd have been married if you were in love with each other. 

And you called me dirty, a dirty little boy. Well I think Nicholas saw something in me that he didn't see in you. I might be dirty like you say but you are filthy. That's why Nicholas left you for me. As for the bags, don't worry...they'll be packed. I'll make sure of that. Just remember one thing I'm not talking about my bags but..." Adrian unfolded his arms and began moving round Jake. 

"...your bags. I don't even know what you are doing here. Nicholas is my husband and I'm ready to fight anybody who tries to separate us." 

Adrian came forward and stared at Jake whose jaw was shaking so badly. It was probably from anger but Adrian's smile brightened as ever. 

"How dare you?" Jake hollered as he raised his hand furiously to slap Adrian across the face. 

To his surprise, Adrian caught his hand and painfully twisted. Jake winced in pain as Adrian let go of it. His hand was really in pain. He held it with his other hand. 

"How dare you?" Jake shouted. "Who do you think you are?" 

"I'm Adrian Nicholas Miller." Adrian hollered, diverting his angry eyes at Jake. "I'm no longer Adrian Wilson. Nicholas is my dear husband. What of you, Jake?" Adrian chuckled teasingly. "Who do you think you are? What is your role in this house? I should have had you locked up in jail." 

Jake held his hand carefully. It felt like it had been hit on something hard and it hurt like hell. 

"What do you think?" Jake laughed. "Do you think we're stupid? We had it all covered up even before you left that room. That case would have been dismissed even before it would have started. We have connections...everywhere. So for that threat..." 

"I still don't care." Adrian smiled. "I'm alive, married to Nicholas and..." He chuckled teasingly. "I'm not the one with a hand that is hurting. Ah ah," 

"You'll pay for this, Adrian." Jake said angrily. 

Adrian laughed. "Are you threatening me?" 

"No," Jake growled. "I'm promising you. I'll deal with you." 

"Oh really," Adrian chuckled. "That is the height of shamelessness. Why would you want to beat me over my husband? And I remember, what was that you said," Adrian chirped, folding his arms and resting his head on his thumb. "Oh!" Adrian gasped. "You said I'm a whore and I stole your husband. Well honey, guess who's the whore, you?" Adrian gave a loud, long laugh. 

"Maybe it might interest you to know that I'm not afraid of you." Adrian said in a serious tone. "When I was living in your house, you bullied me, you kicked me, you practically everything that you wanted..." Adrian paused to rub the tear that ran down his cheek. "...but I've gotten stronger. Nicholas' love has given me hope. It has given me strength. What I lacked in that house I find in Nicholas' love... 

...so don't you dare threaten me. You are nothing Jake. My love for Nicholas will make me stronger and I'll not let you ruin my marriage." 

Jake was burning. He wanted to rip Adrian's soul apart. He wanted to teach him a very big lesson but then Adrian had really scared him a lot. He had no choice but to leave. 

"This is not over, Adrian." Jake warned. 

"It is over, Jake." Adrian chuckled. "There is nothing going on." 

Jake stormed out and Adrian chuckled. Jake was full of himself. Whatever Adrian had said and done served him right. That will teach him not to mess with Adrian Miller. 

All that made Adrian realize just how strong he had become. Back at his uncle's house he had been weak but now he was ready to fight Jake. He didn't want to get bullied again, never. 

Adrian chuckled and then went in the room. He sat on the bed and waited for Nicholas but almost twenty minutes passed without any sign of Nicholas. 

He was getting tired but one thing he didn't want to do was sleep without Nicholas. He got out of the bed and got Nicholas' tablet. He knew his password so there was no struggle and he was later in. He went straight to the photos and relived every memory of the hot honeymoon. 

Every photo in that tablet was absolutely lovely. There were quite a number of them and they were all so romantic. Well, to Adrian they were really romantic. Everything about Nicholas was really romantic. 

He was really smiling brightly. As he passed his little finger on that screen, bringing his heart closer to moving out of his chest, his mind was playing tricks on him. He remembered how they made love almost every night and how Nicholas moaned each of those times. 

God, the guy could moan, the way he moved his mouth and tongue and how furious he kissed every part of Adrian's body. It was really wonderful. In a few moments, Adrian found himself drawn into the memories that he stopped checking out the photos.  

"Are you thinking about me?" 

Adrian gasped and touched his chest. He didn't even realize Nicholas had come into the room. Was he drawn into the memories that much? 

"I knew it." Nicholas chirped, climbing on the bed. 

"You knew what?" Adrian asked as he closed the tablet and put it on the table. 

"I knew you were thinking about me." 

Adrian chuckled. "How did you know?" 

"Who else can you think about...?" Nicholas paused as he drew near Adrian's mouth. "...except for your husband?" 

Adrian licked his lips and gulped. Nicholas was dangerously close him. He just wanted to grab him and kiss him but he had no more strength. Not after making intense love twice that very afternoon. 

Nicholas got closer and kissed Adrian softly on the lips. He wanted to feel those hot lips on his before they slept. He didn't want to tear away from them. They were so hot, so sweet and so dangerously amazing. 

Feeling them moving against his was making his lips vibrate with strands of pleasure. He was enjoying his moment with Adrian. If ever he could stay like that with Adrian, he would willingly do it. Those lips were just too wonderful to let go of. 

"How was your meeting?" Adrian chuckled after they broke the kiss. 

"I didn't have any meeting, my love." Nicholas laughed, laying his head on Adrian's lap. 

"I mean downstairs." Adrian said as he passed his finger in Nicholas' soft hair. 

"It was okay," Nicholas mumbled, feeling vibration in his hair. "I told them we made love every night." 

"You are kidding, right?" 

"No," Nicholas laughed. "Why would I do that? I didn't lie, did I?" 

Adrian knew Nicholas was only joking with him. He wouldn't dare say something like that to the family members. It just wasn't possible, right? 

Nicholas gave out a long, loud laugh which made Adrian laugh too. He was really enjoying being in that position. He knew Nicholas was probably sleepy from the tone that he was speaking in. Adrian really had something important to tell him before he slept. 

"Honey," Adrian called sweetly. 

"Mm-hmm," Nicholas answered in a perpetual tired voice. 

"I'm going to my uncle's house tomorrow." 

Nicholas literally jumped out of the bed when he heard that. He quickly got up and stared at Adrian for a long time without saying anything. He didn't want Adrian to do anything with Jake and his family. 

"To do what," Nicholas asked in a hoarse voice. 

"I have to go and..." 

"No," Nicholas hollered. "I don't want you to go there. Isn't it enough that we have Jake here? And he's a pain in the ass already. They might not be in jail but I don't want you anywhere near them." 

"I know, my love." Adrian said as he cupped Nicholas' cheeks with his hands. "I'm not going to see them or anything...I just want to go and get my education certificate." 

"Really," Nicholas said softly. 

He felt relieved. He didn't want Adrian going back to that house. It was all to protect him from his evil uncle and his crazy family. If they ever, ever did anything to Adrian, Nicholas would go to jail for murder. 

"Yes," Nicholas muttered. "It might be painful to go back to that house but...I have no choice. I have to get my school certificate no matter what." 

"Alright," Nicholas said, getting up. He went behind Adrian and sat with his legs open and held him tighter. 

"How about tomorrow, I go with you to..." 

"No," Adrian hollered after a chuckle. 

"No!" Nicholas sounded surprised. 

