 I was running late. Breathless, I nearly ran to class. Did I really sign up for this? I couldn't believe that I actually went through with it. I had been planning on taking a sketching course that would include nudes for a very long time. Although not a great artist, I have done some good work, especially in my younger years. I figured that I would have the usual assignments, but I was mainly excited that I would be sketching nudes! 

I eased into class just a minute before 9:00am. The class was pretty full, so I had to get a seat in the front where no one likes to sit, at least not in the beginning of a class. I looked around and saw that most of the other students were in their twenties. Most were very fresh-faced and cute. As for myself, I am in my early forties and I am told that I am, "Easy on the eyes." I am 5'11", 160 pounds with blue-gray eyes, brown hair and a goatee that shows just a bit of gray. I was feeling a bit out of place until another guy about my age showed up at the door. I watched him look around for a seat in the back. All that was left was the one next to me so I pointed to it. He smiled and came forward. I guessed him to be about forty. He thanked me and sat down. 

The room was silent as the clock ticked on the wall. Soon it was 9:04 and no one had uttered a sound. I looked over at the guy who was sitting next to me and I introduced myself. "Hi, I'm Stuart." He smiled and nodded at me as he told me that his name was Dave. I asked him if he knew anyone that had taken this course and he kind of blushed before saying, "Yes, a friend of mine said that it was one of his favorite classes. I need a couple of electives, so I signed up." I smiled at him as the teacher arrived through the same door that we had come in. "Ok ok, I see that I have a full class. My name is Adam. I have four students whom I just spoke with outside who want to get into this classroom. Is there anyone here who is not sure if they want to take this class?"

We all kind of looked at each other, sheepishly. "Good! That means that everyone in this room is committed and will be here promptly for the entire semester, correct?" Nervous laughter filled the room. "If I have no takers, I will tell the students outside that they need to find another class." We all kind of eyed each other, wondering what the big deal was. "Ok then." He disappeared out the door and was gone for several minutes. He soon reappeared, closed the door and stared at each of us, one at a time. "You may have cost someone an opportunity of a lifetime or perhaps you gave yourself one. Think about that!"

That first class felt like it lasted an eternity. After roll-call and introductions, Adam proceeded to scientifically outline the human form. It was fascinating, but it was all talk with no "hands-on." I was disappointed when at noon the class was over and all we had done was listen to Adam talk about what he referred to as, "The Basics." I left class with Dave in tow. "Not as exciting as I imagined, Stuart."

"Yeah, I agree." We walked in silence for a moment and then bid each other farewell until the next class on Wednesday.

The next class was very interesting. We had to pair up and draw each other. Dave and I turned to each other and said, "partners?" at the same time. We found this to be very amusing because we knew that we would laugh at our drawings when we were done. I stood back and looked at Dave as he looked at me. We couldn't suppress our smiles and it was rather awkward getting started. I began at his shoulders. He had broad shoulders, and his torso narrowed down nicely. I didn't see any bulging musceles, but he was obviously fit. He had a strong neck, not to short and not too long. I sketched his ears and I noticed that they were kind of small, but they looked right on him. In fact, everything looked right on Dave. He was about my height and had dark hair, like me. He had gorgeous light green eyes and he was very tan. After awhile we fell into the rhythm of drawing, posing, and drawing some more. When class was over, Adam told us to cover the drawings. He then gathered them and put them in a storage closet. "You will not see these again until the end of the semester. What I will have you do is draw each other again at that time. We will then compare and acknowledge your progress or lack thereof." Adam was kind of eccentric, but in a good way. He kept the class on its toes. All of us groaned our displeasure although I was secretly relieved because Dave was very handsome and my drawing did not do him justice.

Well, we got to draw our first nude during our fourth class. It seemed to me that Adam was weeding out the "lookie-loos" before we got to this stage. Sure enough, some students had already dropped out. We had been drawing endless circles, shapes, animals, each other, you name it. I was definitely ready for something different. Without fanfare, a handsome middle-aged man entered the room. He looked to be around 60, with a fresh and positive demeanor. He discarded the robe and lay on a recliner, quite naked. I wanted to draw a nude model, and here was my chance. We were not allowed to talk to him, only Adam could do that. We all were anxious to have a live model, so we got busy. I sketched his outline and did some shading, then I worked on the detail. I was embarrassed looking at his genitals as I sketched him. I felt like I was a peeping Tom or something. I sketched his flaccid penis and shaded it in all of the right places. I liked the way it lay in repose against his thigh. It was of a good size, but not overly so. I looked into the model's eyes and he looked back at me. I glanced away. I drew some more, then looked at his face again. This time it was he that glanced away. It was so slight that it was almost imperceptive. I think that he had been watching me. I would bet that no one else in that room would have noticed. All I knew was that I had a naked man lying in front of me allowing me to draw his cock! I know it wasn't supposed to be provocative, but I was trying to suppress a hard-on at the mere thought of it. Since we were drawing with charcoal, we couldn't erase so I kept starting over. Dave was doing the same. Adam came by and said to me, "Just draw what you see. The imperfections might just enhance your work. Look at Picasso!" He then moved on to the next student, offering the same advice. 

The gentleman reappeared for the next two classes. Each time I tried to avoid making eye contact with him. When we did it aroused me. I felt like he could read my mind or something. There was never any conversation with him, but he was obviously very comfortable posing nude in public. At the class break, I went into the restroom and stood at the urinal next to...HIM. I kept wondering if I should say anything or not. Finally, he spoke. "Hello, I am Jack. I would shake your hand except that I am sure it is occupied at the moment." I laughed and looked over at him. "I'm Stuart, and I'm not supposed to talk to you." Then I laughed again. "Stuart, you can talk to me. Adam doesn't like it, but I don't care. My nakedness embarasses you, doesn't it?" I felt myself blushing. I finished up and washed my hands. Jack joined me at the next basin as we washed our hands. He looked into the mirror at me. "The human body is a beautiful thing, Stuart. I enjoy being naked and I like to spend time with other nudists."

"Jack, naked men don't usually pose for me, so this is something new," I said, just as another student walked in. Oh god, what did he just hear me say? The guy gave me quite a stare. After leaving the restroom, Jack asked me to join him after class for some coffee at the diner across the street. I agreed to meet him there.

It was awkard for me at first, but Jack had a way about him that made him very easy to talk to. He told me that he was married, but that he had a significant other named Chuck. He spoke so eloquently that he could have been a writer. Jack and I met at the diner after class the next two weeks. I had really grown to like this handsome man and we exchanged many e-mails. I decided to "come out" to Jack. After much discussion, he encouraged me to "come out of my shell" and not be afraid to reach out to another man. I was attracted to Jack, but he was happily partnered so I knew that he was not coming on to me. I told him about my one, single gay encounter. I had really hoped to have a relationship with the guy and I tried hard to get to know him through e-mails and phone conversations. Finally, we met. I really liked him. He was good looking, interesting to talk to and he was not afraid to show his sensitive side. It felt right to sleep with him. However, it did not go very well at all because I didn't know what I was doing. I was very down about it afterwards. Jack listened to my tales of woe and I have to say that he helped my self-esteem a bit. His titillating tales of sex and debouchery with both sexes had me smiling every time. He definitely had a very colorful and exciting sex life, unlike mine. Jack encouraged me to find an outlet for my manly desires in a way that made me realize that it would be unnatural for me NOT to.

I began writing stories that were published on-line, for free. Although copyrighted, I knew that I would never show them to anyone that I knew. However, I did ask Jack to read them. His feedback was so positive that I wrote more. I loved the way that it made me feel inside, being able to express myself in writing to others like myself who understood my angst. Jack e-mailed me that he was going on a long summer vacation but that he would be back to model the next semester. Before he left, he said to me in an e-mail, "Stuart, I have enjoyed our friendship. I hope that it will continue. I want to know when you find the right man and bond with him. It will happen, if you let it." I replied to his e-mail and typed, "From your mouth to God's ear, Jack." 

Dave mentioned at the next class that he had seen me with Jack. "Stuart, are you friends with that guy? I thought we were not allowed to fraternize with the models." I replied, "I'm not sure you would understand my explanation. It's kind of a long story."

"I have time Stuart," he said. An hour later, Dave and I were sitting on the sofa in my apartment. He had a sensitive nature, something that I had sensed from the beginning. I trusted him, so I let him know that I was corresponding regularly with Jack on-line and that he encouraged me to explore the internet. Dave asked me how and where and I felt myself blushing. "I found a web-site that will publish stories. You see, I like to write."

"What kind of stories," he asked. I replied, "I'm not so sure I am doing the right thing by telling you this Dave."

"Stuart, talk to me." 

I felt like I was headed into a minefield, but I continued anyways. "Well, he....read one of my stories on-line and he...e-mailed me some feedback. I kept writing...it's like an....addiction for me." I was talking hesitantly and I felt the heat in my face. Dave grinned and said, "It's porn, isn't it? You're writing porn. I'm right, aren't I?" Relieved that he was not being accusatory as he asked that, I told him that it was indeed porn. "I didn't know how you would take that Dave. Not everyone is into porn." I then tried to change the subject but Dave would have no part of that! He said, "I want to read your work." Oh no! How was I going to get out of this? This guy thinks I am straight. "Come on, Stuart, I'm not taking no for an answer. I don't care what kind of story it is, I want to read it. Although maybe not if it involves farm animals." We both laughed, but mine was nervous laughter.

I went to the PC and navigated my way to the literary web-site that I submitted my porn stories to. "What am I doing?," I asked myself. I clicked on my first story and faced him. "Dave, I'm REALLY uncomfortable about this." However, Dave was not looking at me, he was looking at the screen. Shit! He had already seen that my story was in the "Gay Male" category. Dave said, "Hmmm, what's this, a gay story?" He was smiling as he sat down and began to read. I felt like I had made a big mistake and now it was too late to undo it. He would read my "trash" and think less of me. After all, my stories were very explicit and he would know my fantasies. God was I nervous. I went into the kitchen and sat on the kitchen counter in a place where I could see him at the PC. Damned if he didn't read every one of my stories while I sat there, mortified.

After about forty-five minutes, Dave found me in the kitchen. He looked absolutely dumbfounded. He said, "All I can say is, WOW." He was almost smiling. I can't explain it, but I knew I had to say something and it was now or never. "Dave, I think I'm gay."

"You THINK you are gay, Stuart? You THINK you are? You write stuff like that and you are just now figuring this out?" Here it was, the moment I feared. I was going to lose his friendship. It was with unbelievable relief and joy when he said, "Stuart, I've known I was gay since childhood! How could you not know?" Did he just say what I thought he said? "Dave, are you serious or are you messing with me?" He said, "Based upon what I just read in there, I think I SHOULD be messing with you. Messing AROUND with you, I mean!" I was stunned. I was not expecting this to happen yet I was thrilled that it had! My head was swimming. He continued, "Well, you could have knocked me over with a feather when I started reading in there. How cool that there is a web-site like that! You appear to have been flying under the "gaydar."" He chuckled when he said that. I told him, "It's due to a lifetime of hiding it, my friend. I've only been with one guy and it did not go well, so I have not tried it since. I am clean and I worry about being with other guys who aren't. Guys make me horny, I can't help it. I guess you can tell from my stories." He looked at me thoughtfully before saying, "How is it possible for a guy to have a bad experience with you? You are so hot, Stuart! I thought so that very first day in class when I sat down next to you." I couldn't help the big smile that appeared on my face. 

As if in slow motion, Dave came to me. He kissed my lips ever so gently. Seeing that I did not flinch, he then kissed me harder and I allowed his tongue to meet mine. There is something so sensuous about kissing another man. I had kissed many women in my time but it was never quite like this. I pulled Dave close to me and I leaned back against the cabinets. He whispered to me, "I am clean, Stuart. I promise. I may have more experience than you do, but I'm no slut. I am very particular and you have me VERY horny with your stories. I've had a hard-on since the first paragraph I read in there!" I jumped down from the kitchen counter and put my arms around him. We must have kissed for ten minutes, our tongues exploring each other's mouths and lips. I could feel his cock pressed against mine, and it sent shock waves through me. Dave looked into my eyes and said, "Stuart, how did I get so lucky to meet you?" He then took my hand and placed it on his crotch and then he put his on mine. We both watched as we groped each other through our jeans. I stroked his shaft and I could feel his head. He was so hard! He looked to be about six inches, like me. He kissed my neck. I could feel his hot breath against my skin as he panted his satisfaction. He started grinding himself into me. A part of me wanted to keep going, allowing the waves of pleasure to take over. I barely got the words out, but I said, "If we don't stop we are going to come in our pants Dave."

We practically ran to the bedroom. We stripped, watching each other get naked. Both of us laughed as our erect cocks got caught up in our underwear. We embraced and I ran my hands along his back and cupped his firm ass cheeks. Feeling the heat of each other's cocks, we gyrated against each other before falling onto the bed in a naked, manly embrace. He was on top of me, straddling me so that our cocks could do their swordplay. I practically shouted out, "I want to taste you, Dave, please!" He brought himself up to me and I got my first "hard" look at his beautiful cock. All I could think about was getting it into my mouth.

I tickled his balls with my right hand as my left stroked his shaft. I felt his balls lift a little and he said to me, " God damn, you are making me crazy!" Pre-cum was starting to ooze out. Man, the sight of a cock glistening with pre-cum is the best thing ever. I licked the tip of his cock, starting at the sensitive underside. I brought my tongue up and over his glans and gently lapped up the cum that he was putting out. Dave was going nuts. I could tell by his breathing and he was starting to squirm a bit. Cupping his balls, I slowly pulled his cockhead out of my mouth, allowing a strand of his pre-cum to bridge between my lips and the tip of his cock. One look at that and he said, "Oh my god, I'm going to cum." With a hard grip on his ass, I pulled his cock back into my mouth, making it clear that I wanted to swallow. I sucked him like there was no tomorrow. Dave tensed up and then I felt his cock twitch. "AAAAAAHHHHHH...OHHHHHH MY GOD!" The cum exploded out of him and against the back of my tongue down my throat. Barely tasting him, I eagerly swallowed his hot load.

Dave sat back on his feet and looked at my smiling face. "You are unbelievable, Stuart. That was the best fucking blowjob I have ever received! It is also going to be a hard act to follow, dude." I replied back coyly, "Does that mean that you aren't going to let me do it again?" He said, "No, it means that I am going to suck the living daylights out of you but it can't possibly compare to what you just did to me!"

"Dave, this isn't a contest, guy. I will love anything that you do to me, anything." Dave then leaned down and kissed me. He ran his tongue along my lips, then on my neck, and then down to my nipples. He took each nipple and gently bit and sucked it until I was begging for him to go lower. "Oh god, suck me Dave, suck my aching cock!" I was rock-hard and I had been ever since we kissed in the kitchen. 

Dave got down between my legs and lifted them up. He took his tongue and licked me, all the way south. The sensation was incredible as his hot tongue teased my ass and perineum. He bathed my balls until I was breathing hard and starting to squirm. He then brought my legs back down and started to work on my cock. He looked at me while he sucked me, occasionally making slurping sounds as he took me in and out of his mouth. Watching and listening to another man suck my cock was putting me over the edge. I reached down and caressed his cheek and jaw. I could feel my cock pressed against it. I couldn't help but agree with what Dave had said earlier about our luck in meeting each other. This seemed like the guy I had been waiting for. Dave let my cock slip out of his mouth and said, "Your choice, Stuart. You can either cum ON me or IN me. Either way I'm happy!" I was immediately reminded of the countless pictures I had seen on-line of guys who got off on letting their partner cum on them. I didn't like all of them, but there were some "shots" that got me hot every time I looked at them. 

My decision having been made, I had Dave turn over with his back against the headboard. He let me face-fuck him as he pressed his finger against my man-hole. My asscheeks clenched and I gasped out loud as he pulled my cock out of his mouth and rubbed it all over his face. He then put his hands on my thighs and pushed me back until my cock was about three inches from his face. He leaned his head back a bit, with his lips curled up in a smile. "Squirt it all over me, Stuart. You know you want to. Show me what you got. Come on, frost me like a cake, baby." My cock was hard as a rock as I jerked myself off over him. Now it was my turn to make some noise. "YES, oh my god, oooooooh, I'm there, Dave, I am THERE!" I could feel my orgasm build up. First in my toes, then the goosebumps appeared on my legs and arms. I looked down at his smiling face as my cock erupted like a volcano, with my white hot lava cascading onto him. I couldn't believe that I was giving a guy a facial. It was kinky, but it was so hot! I was a little over-eager I guess, because I thrust too far forward causing the first and biggest spurt to land on Dave's foreheard and into his hair. With split-second timing, I pulled back and groaned out loud as my cum landed on his cheek, chin and neck. Six or seven spurts later, and with my cock still dripping, Dave pulled me forward and put it back into his mouth. He gently lapped up my remaining cum. After he was done he said, "Stuart, I had to taste you too!" 
