 Hello my lovely readers. I'm back with the sixth chapter of this story. I just hope it is interesting and you enjoy it. Feel free to drop comments about your views because they are my inspiration. I love you guys. Enjoy this chapter...

****

Adrian came out of the bathroom toweling his hair. He had just come from having a quick morning shower before hitting the kitchen. He was feeling fresh and cool. He closed the bathroom door, flipping his hair to the side.

He turned and got caught up in what he saw. He stopped toweling his hair, stood still and smiled brightly. Nicholas was lying on the bed so sweetly. He was looking so handsome and Adrian couldn't help but admire the handsome hunk sleeping on that wonderful bed.

It was like he was smiling and sleeping at the same time. If being handsome was a crime then Nicholas would have been in jail by now. That kind of cuteness always made Adrian's heart to race, his body to heat up and his mind...well he simply got out of his mind.

Sometimes he even asked himself if he was truly married to the handsome hunk. It was a reality but at times it felt like a dream. Nicholas was nice. He was really nice for someone his class and level. Adrian was simply the luckiest man on earth. 

Having a husband like Nicholas was really beautiful especially in the romance section. He was irresistibly sweet, cute, caring and best of all, the best husband in the whole wide world.

Adrian smiled when Nicholas slowly moved in his sleep. His face was now in full view. Adrian knew he had to wake the handsome hunk to get ready for the office. He couldn't have him get up late.

He also knew what would be a romantic way to wake Nicholas. He had never done it before but it was worth a try. 

He slowly moved to the bed, sat at the edge and stared at Nicholas with a smile. He took a part of his hair in his hands and then flipped it on Nicholas' face. He saw his face move as soon as the water fell on him. But to his surprise the guy just moved and slept.

Adrian flipped his hair again and he saw one of Nicholas' eyes open followed by a bright smile that warmed his heart. He smiled brightly once Nicholas' eyes opened. He stared at him for long till he felt a hand wrapping at the back of his head.

"Morning," Nicholas said as he smiled brightly.

"Morning," Adrian chuckled. "How did you sleep?"

"Fine," Nicholas smiled with his sleepy eyes. "Especially now that you are here,"

Nicholas pulled Adrian down and gave him a hot kiss. It was so sweet and he didn't want to let him go. He wanted to stay in that position for the rest of his life.

"Mm-hmm," Nicholas moaned as he tore away from Adrian's mouth. "Sweet and sexy,"

"What?" Adrian chuckled. 

"Your lips," Nicholas chuckled. He got up and yawned loudly, stretching his arms.

Adrian smiled at the scene. The way Nicholas stretched his wonderful arms was lovely. Adrian found it sexy especially when after stretching he held him tightly.

"You know," Nicholas said softly. "I'd really love it if I can stay with you the whole day. Just you and I...in bed...together...do stuff."

Adrian knew what Nicholas meant by that. He needed to make love but Adrian was too busy. He couldn't even do anything. Besides, they made love almost every night. 

"I know what you mean," Adrian chuckled. "But you know that both of us can't do it."

"Why?" Nicholas said, bringing Adrian closer for a kiss.

"You have an important meeting today. Many clients are waiting and..." Adrian paused as Nicholas kissed him softly. "...I have to prepare your breakfast and Gabriel's food."

"Oh," Nicholas complained.

"Hey," Adrian laughed. "Don't try to act sad because it won't work this time."

"Really," Nicholas asked. 

"Really,"

"How about tonight,"

"I'm always yours every night." Adrian chuckled. "You can have me for as long as you want at night. Right now, I've to go and make breakfast."

Adrian stood up to go out of the room before Nicholas gripped his hand tightly. He felt Nicholas' hands slowly rubbing his hand. He smiled brightly, looking away. Then all of a sudden he felt Nicholas' mouth on his hand. It sent shivers all over his body.

He felt Nicholas' lips moving from his hand to his arm and then to his neck. He was having a butterfly effect in his stomach. Nicholas was too romantic to resist. He knew how to get things his own way and Adrian knew he couldn't resist him no matter what.

"Nic," Adrian said softly.

Nicholas was deaf. He couldn't hear anything that Adrian was saying. He was too concentrated on kissing Adrian's arm and he didn't want to let it go. He buried his face in Adrian's neck and sucked on it, moaning softly.

"Hey," Adrian chuckled softly. "I've got to go now. We'll do this a bit later. Right now...I'm...."

"Just a minute," Nicholas moaned. "I'll be done with you and..."

"Nicholas, please," Adrian said as he pulled away from him. "Our son is will be late if I don't hurry it up."

Our son, Nicholas thought. Immediately his eyes became glassy with tears. He wanted to cry from all the happiness that he was feeling. He was really happy. Adrian had just called Gabriel his son. There was nothing as sweet as that at that time. He couldn't do anything else but be happy.

"Do you know how that makes me feel," Nicholas said. He felt a strong emotional feeling take control of him. A tear fell down his cheeks and he was really happy. 

"Hey," Adrian muttered. "What's wrong with you? I didn't mean to pull away from you. Please, don't cry."

Adrian slowly took his hands and rubbed Nicholas' tears off. He couldn't bear to see him like that. It was hurting him to see Nicholas cry. The last thing he wanted on this earth was to make his husband cry.

"I'm sorry," Nicholas sobbed. "I can't help it. This is your entire fault. You're making me cry."

Adrian suddenly felt tears building in his eyes. He had no idea Nicholas would feel bad by what he had done. He couldn't have him stay like that. It was hurting him too.

"I'm really sorry, my love." Adrian apologized. "I didn't mean to make you feel bad. Alright," Adrian said as he slowly rubbed Nicholas' tears. "We'll make love. You won't go to the office and I'll stay with you in bed whole day. We'll make love whole day."

Nicholas nodded. "It's not that." He said softly. "I just feel good that you called Gabriel your son."

Adrian smiled brightly once he heard that. It was true he had not called Gabriel his son before but there was a starting point for everything, right? He was just starting and it won't be the last. Besides, it's about time he started calling him that.

"What's with that?" Adrian laughed. "He's my son, isn't he?"

"Of course, my love," Nicholas chirped. "I just felt happy that's all."

"Well, get used to it." Adrian said confidently, smiling at Nicholas. "From now on, I'll call him my son. He calls me papa and that's enough for me. I love our son a lot."

Nicholas was happy. He was really happy. He didn't know how to express that happiness. He thought of nothing to do so he gripped Adrian tightly and brought him closer. Feeling that hot breath on his face, he just wanted to kiss him.

"Come here," Nicholas chirped. He held the back of Adrian's head and planted a hot kiss on his lips.

*****

Victoria was wandering about from corner to corner thinking. She knew she was running out of time. Three months had passed already and she had been doing nothing but threatening Adrian. Those threats didn't work at all. It was time to take action and deal with the boy just like she had planned with Nicholas. He needed to leave the house as soon as possible.

He's been married to her son for close to six months. Every day he drove her crazy. She had lie low for the last two months pretending to smile at Adrian whenever Nicholas was around and warning him while they were alone. It was now time to act and make a great distance between him and her son.

It was now or never. Jake has to take his rightful place beside Nicholas, Victoria thought. She was running out of time.

"I think now is the best time," Victoria said impatiently. "There is no better time than this. What do you think?"

"Yeah," Jake said excitedly. "I can't stand that pest any longer. He needs to leave this house."

"You're right," Victoria said, getting closer to Jake. "He needs to leave this house. We'll never find a perfect time than this. Noah is not in the house and that's an advantage for us. We better do this fast. I know it's risky but...there is nothing that we can do."

"Yes, mother." Jake said with burgeoning excitement. "We need to do this as quickly as we can."

"Did you do everything that I asked you to do?"

"Everything," Adrian smiled with an evil grin on his face. "My family took care of everything."

"Good," Victoria smiled. "Let the game begin. It won't be long now. Adrian will be out of this house and my son's life."

Victoria was ecstatic. She was really happy. She could almost smell her victory. All she has to do is put a little drama and it will be over for Adrian and Nicholas. Good riddance!

****

Adrian hurried in the kitchen. This was all Nicholas' fault. Had it not been for him he'd have been done with breakfast? Now he was sure he wouldn't be done with it quickly. He took a pan and quickly fried some bacon for the breakfast. He made juice, prepared hot water and set the table.

Guess he made it after all. Adrian had just put in the last thing when the family arrived in the dining room smiling and sniffing with their noses. 

"Great breakfast, as usual," Emily chirped as she quickly took a chair.

"I'm sure it's delicious as usual." Granny smiled. "My grandson in law can never disappoint us. His food is simply the best."

Adrian smiled at her. She was such a sweet woman. She loved him a lot and he loved her as well. There was nothing he liked than seeing her wonderful smile.

"You are absolutely right, granny." Nicholas chirped. "My Adrian is the best of the best. His food is the best I've ever tasted."

They all laughed at the table. Nicholas gripped Adrian's hand and squeezed it softly. It was fiery especially with him smiling and all.

Nicholas began having the wonderful breakfast. He had his hand on Adrian's, caressing it and kissing it from time to time. He really loved the boy a lot and that love was getting stronger, deeper and intense. There was nothing he wanted more than Adrian's love.

"By the way," Nicholas started as he swallowed the food loudly. "I have something to tell you all."

"What?" George asked as he took a mouthful of the food. 

Nicholas brought Adrian's hand to his lips and kissed it. He couldn't have been happier. The news he was going to tell them was really a happy one. He didn't even tell Adrian so it was gonna be a big surprise for everyone including Adrian.

"I have decided to send Adrian to school," he said softly.

Adrian's mouth opened wide. His eyes widened and they became glassy. His heart was pounding in his chest. The news was too much to bear. It was too much. A myriad of emotions took over his body, happiness, tears and even fear.

He had always wanted to go to the university and further his education and now his husband had just told him that he was going to send him to school? The news was too much for him. He couldn't control his tears.

"What?" Nicholas gasped. "Are you..."

Nicholas stared at Adrian and saw the surprised look in his eyes. He loved the boy a lot. He wanted him to finish his education so that they could manage the business together.

"Yes," Nicholas smiled, nodding his head. "Yes, honey. I want you to finish your education so that we can manage the business empires together."

More tears ran down his face. That was the second surprise. His dreams were slowly coming true. He wouldn't have loved Nicholas anymore than he did. The tears were like a fountain of water. They couldn't stop flowing. They just kept on coming and coming.

"Are you okay?" Emily asked. She was concerned for him.

Adrian nodded softly, more tears flowing down his cheeks.

"Then why are you crying?" Granny asked. 

"I'm just happy," Adrian sobbed as he tried to rub the tears off. It seemed like they had a mind of their own.

"Please, don't cry," Nicholas said as he slowly rubbed Adrian's tears. He hated seeing him in that state because it affected him too.

"I can't stop," Adrian sobbed. "You don't know how happy I am. These are tears of joy."

Adrian quickly moved from his chair and wrapped his arms around Nicholas right in front of the family. He was happy and the tears couldn't stop coming out. He didn't even know if he wanted to pull away from that wonderful body. He just wanted to cry and jump after such great news.

There was no other news that would have been better than the one he received. He loved Nicholas and he wanted to hug him till the end of time. He loved him more for deciding to send him to school.

"It's okay," Nicholas chuckled, rubbing his hands on Adrian's back.

He felt him loosen up as his hands held him tighter. Nicholas looked around the family members and they all seemed happy. He was happy. Adrian deserved more than that. He was such a nice and innocent boy.

"Thank you so much," Adrian sobbed. "This is a dream come true."

Nicholas broke Adrian's grip and cupped his cheeks. His face was wet with tears. Man, he wanted to lick those wonderful tears of Adrian. Show him how much he loves him and make sweet love to him. He knew he had to behave himself in front of the family.

"Don't thank me," Nicholas said, slowly rubbing Adrian's tears. "I'm your husband. Remember my promise to you?" He asked smiling brightly and rubbing Adrian's tear. "What's mine is yours. I knew you wanted to finish school so badly. That's why I am going to enroll you at the best school in the world."

Adrian's tears flowed more. That was another surprise which had hit him real bad. He couldn't stop crying no matter how much Nicholas rubbed his tears. They flowed and flowed and flowed. 

Nicholas couldn't take Adrian's crying anymore. He knew they were tears of joy but he just couldn't stand there and watch him cry. It was starting to affect him too. He needed to show him love and to make him calm down.

Nicholas leaned forward and brought his lips closer to Adrian. He locked those lips with Adrian and began kissing on them slowly. He felt him calm in his arms. His tiny kisses were making him calm and it was turning Nicholas on. He was suddenly hard and his cock throbbed painfully in his pants.

Adrian's heart was racing. His breaths seized and his cock began rising. Feeling those lips on his was breathtaking. The way he felt at that time was indescribable. It was really an intense feeling. The feeling of Nicholas sucking on his lips was overwhelming. He was tempted to moan but he suppressed that moan and responded to the kiss.

He was taken by a strong emotion which had his whole body vibrating. Sweet waves of powerful vibrations were running towards different parts of his body making him quiver. He felt weak in the knee but he stood firm and enjoyed that kiss.

He felt Nicholas let go of his lips and he stared in his green eyes. He saw passion, desire, love and a total feeling of satisfaction. He was glad his husband made him calm down.

"Never forget that," Nicholas said softly. "I just want to make you happy."

As much as Adrian wanted to study he didn't want to leave Nicholas and Gabriel. He needed them by his side. He has only been married for five months. Maybe he should wait a little longer.

Adrian dropped his head and stared at the table. Nicholas noticed that something might have been bothering him. He needed to find out what.

"What is it?" Nicholas asked, raising Adrian's head with his hand. "I thought you were happy. I thought you wanted to study. Why do you look so..."

Adrian sighed deeply. "What about you and Gabriel? I don't want to stay away from my husband."

Adrian heard granny laughing loudly. He looked and saw her laughing at the top of her lungs. It made him a bit nervous. Looking around the table it was clear that all the others were trying their best not to laugh but it was clear they wanted to.

"I'm sorry," Granny apologized, laughing softly now. "I didn't mean to interrupt."

Adrian blushed a bit. He had no idea what he had said that granny found funny. He was just telling his husband that he didn't want to leave him.

"The reason I laughed is because...well...because you two are funny and so cute."

"If you think that guy will let you go alone then you don't know him that well." George said as he laughed softly. "I'm sure he'll be with you there."

"I don't want to leave," Adrian said softly. "Can't I study in this country? There are better schools and besides, I don't want to leave any of you."

Emily was speechless. The boy really loved them a lot.

"That depends on your husband." Emily chuckled.

Adrian shifted his eyes to Nicholas. He wanted him to study abroad but Adrian couldn't afford to live away from all those wonderful people. He was already attached to them so leaving them would be kind of hard on him.

"Can't I study here?" Adrian mumbled.

Nicholas stared at Adrian for a long time. He loved him a lot and wanted to be with him the rest of life. 

"Anything," Nicholas smiled. "As long as I have you with me,"

Adrian covered his mouth as he gasped. He was really happy especially since he'd be studying in the country. He didn't want to be away from his loving husband and son. There was nothing that would be worse than that.

"I'll get your forms this week," Nicholas said, kissing his hands. "You are free to study any course."

"Thank you!" Adrian chirped. He was rather too happy. Going to the university was one of his dreams and his mother's too. That would mean he would achieve his dreams and his mother's.

Adrian wrapped his arms around Nicholas and hugged him tightly. His whole body was happy and his heart was racing. He was happy and nothing would ever change that.

****

The day went well especially with Adrian being excited over going to the university. The whole day he didn't lose that smile. He was also happy no one was able to spoil his mood.

Speaking of mood spoiling, Adrian had not seen Victoria the whole day. She and Jake were nowhere to be seen. They were probably out somewhere. As long as they didn't give him trouble he was absolutely fine. The last two to three months they just warned him without doing anything.

So he was pretty confident they were starting to grow tired of it. Even though they did warn him, he didn't tell his husband. The last thing he wanted was to make his husband worried or hurt. It was just threats and they didn't do anything to him. Further than that, he'd run straight to Nicholas and tell him everything.

"Where is mother," Nicholas asked as he looked around the table.

He had not seen her for breakfast and now for supper. It was so unlike her. He always saw her at either of the meals so something was definitely wrong.

"I don't know," Adrian said. "I haven't seen her today. I thought she had gone out but..."

"Me neither," Emily said softly. "But I don't think she left this house or anything."

"I saw her," Arianna said softly. "Well. She didn't want any of you to worry but she was not feeling well when I left the room. I think she's sick or something,"

"Sick," Nicholas exclaimed. 

He was very much worried about her. His mother was sick and she didn't even bother to tell him or call him. This got him worried. What was the need of keeping it a secret?

"I think I better see her," Nicholas said. He kissed Adrian's cheeks and left the dining room.

He quickly entered the elevator and was on her way to her room. He was worried about her a lot. He didn't want her to be seriously sick. The elevator door opened and he rushed out, heading for her room.
