 Thanks a lot for reaching the seventh chapter with me. I really love you guys a lot and I do appreciate your love for me and my stories. I hope you'll have a wonderful time reading this chapter and I hope you'll enjoy it. Don't forget to drop your comments at the end of this chapter. Happy reading....

****

Adrian suddenly opened his eyes after a really bad dream. He looked to the other side and saw Nicholas sleeping peacefully there. He loved the guy but what he had said was painful. Adrian still felt the pain and that pain was the driving force of his fight for the truth.

He glanced at the watch by the bedside and it was just 3.am. He had cried himself to sleep and now he had a bit of a headache. He did not deserve what was happening to him. Anger was slowly taking the best of him. He was now determined to find the truth and expose anyone who had framed him for something he had no hand in.

Looking at that handsome man sleeping by his side brought him tears but he promised not to cry. He slowly got up and stood by the bed side, realizing that he was sweating terribly. The nightmare he had was not good at all. He dreamed he was divorcing Nicholas but that was never gonna happen and it was a promise.

Adrian slowly got out of the room to the living room. He was too depressed, so sad and extremely tired of the treatment Nicholas was giving him. He needed to put an end to it once and for all. But he had no idea where to start.

Adrian needed some cold water to cool him down. He needed to think properly. If only there was someone he could talk to and tell them his problems. But who could he talk to in the house. Geez it was all so confusing.

Adrian went to the kitchen and got a bottle of cold water. He came back to the living room, sipping little of that water. It made him calm and he felt a little better. He needed to feel better than that. He needed to be able to breathe properly without thinking about it so much. He was really sweating and the hair was blown backwards by the wind which he had no idea about.

Adrian went and leaned to a wall near the staircase and sipped that water as he thought. He suddenly heard a voice,

"Adrian!"

He quickly looked the direction of the voice to see granny in her beautiful night gown coming down the stairs. He somehow felt relieved. He had prayed for someone to talk to and God sent granny. Granny was wise and always had great advices. He could always count on her.

"Granny," Adrian exclaimed, slowly covering the bottle. "Did I wake you up?"

"Don't worry," Granny said as she took the last step on the staircase. "I wasn't sleeping anyway."

She came near and put her hand on his shoulder carefully squeezing it. He wanted to hug her and break down to her. He needed to tell her that he was slowly losing Nicholas because of what had happened.

"You," Granny mumbled, looking straight at him. "What are you doing? Shouldn't you be in bed by now?"

Adrian smiled and extended his hand to hold granny's hand. She held out her hand and it felt hot and cozy, just what he needed.

"I can't sleep," Adrian said softly. "I'm unable to."

Granny sighed heavily. Her grip was firm and she came nearer and squeezed his shoulder sweetly.

"Anything bothering you,"

"A lot," Adrian sighed, suppressing the tears from coming out. "I have a lot of problems. I'm unable to think properly and..."

"My grandson told you that he blames you for Victoria's death." She said after a gloomy sigh. It was clear the old woman was hurting too.

"Yes," Nicholas exclaimed, surprised. "But how did you..." He raised his finger, pointed at her and then withdrew.

"You might have been a little louder," Granny said.

Adrian's eyes water watered but he chuckled as he rubbed them. He had enough crying for a day. Besides, he didn't want to cry in front of the old woman. It would have made her sad.

"He blames me too granny," Adrian said as he felt his heart beating faster. "I thought I could have my husband's trust but..."

"I know how you feel," Granny said softly, squeezing his shoulder. "It hurts a lot to not be trusted by your husband but I know that he might have spoken in anger. I know my grandson and he loves you a lot. You don't have to worry about anything."

"I know that, granny," Adrian sighed deeply. "He loves me and I love him. The thing is that he thinks I poisoned mother. I'm just confused."

"You don't have to be." Granny said, smiling sweetly.

Adrian stared into her eyes and he smiled faintly. He knew what she was telling him the truth. Yes, he didn't need to be afraid of a thing.

"I think you're right, granny," Adrian said confidently as he squeezed granny's hand.

"Of course, I'm right," Granny chuckled, pinching his cheek sweetly.

Adrian let go of granny and he took a step of faith and confidence. He stood about a second away from her and turned to see her looking at him sweetly. She was looking courageous with no worry on her face.

"I now know that someone is really trying to separate me and Nicholas," He said, clenching his fists hard. "All that was only a show so that I could be separated from him,"

"Yes," Granny chuckled, taking a step closer to him. "I've been thinking about it too. I knew you couldn't have done such a thing but..."

"No, granny," Adrian said, looking from side to side thinking. "I didn't poison mother. But someone did and that person wants me out of Nicholas' life?"

"Yeah," Granny said confidently.

"I need to do something," Adrian said. "I must find out who and why they want me out of this house." He sighed. "I'd have suspected Jake but..."

"You cannot trust anyone." Granny said softly.

"You are right," Adrian said as he slowly calmed down. "I will find out the truth. With your support I'll be able to pull through this."

"I'll support you through this," Granny said, coming near Adrian with a smile. "Not just my support." She laughed softly. "I'll also give you my blessings."

Adrian smiled faintly, knowing that with her blessings he'd be able to find out the truth and end this drama once and for all. All he wanted was his husband's complete love and trust.

"I'll surely need that," Adrian said confidently. "Your trust, love and blessings are the only things that I have right now."

"And your husband's love," Granny said excitedly. "He loves you a lot and..."

"No, granny," Adrian sighed, looking away so that she wouldn't be able to see his tears.

"You don't have to hide that from me." Granny said, bringing his face to her with her hand. "I know that it hurts but it's the truth. Your husband really loves you a lot. He might have said something that he shouldn't have in the first place. He's suffering as much as you are doing."

"I don't know," Adrian said pleasantly, enjoying the feel of granny's hand on his face. "Nicholas had really hurt me today but I understand him. It hurts but I do understand my husband."

Granny sighed loudly, held the back of his head and kissed him on the forehead.

Adrian felt a warm sensation once those wonderful lips touched his head. It was indescribable and it travelled through the rest of his body all the way to his heart. For the first time he was able to think clearly. All the sorrows he had felt went away and were replaced by a happy touch. He was really warm and loved it a lot.

"Thanks, granny," Adrian smiled as the old woman pulled away from him.

"Go," Granny said, cupping his cheeks in her hands. "Go and have some sleep. There's a big task ahead of you. When you need help or someone to talk to I'll be around, okay?"

"Yes, granny," Adrian said, kneeling to touch her feet.

He touched her feet and she slowly rubbed his head. He was now determined to find out who truly wanted him out of the house and out of Nicholas' life. There had only been two but now they were others as well. Adrian only had Victoria and Jake.

These two had a motive to get him out but one of them was the victim and the other had saved her. Something was definitely going on in the house and he was determined to find out what.

"Go get some rest," Granny chuckled. "And please, understand my grandson. He didn't mean to tell you all that. He's just confused but he loves you a lot."

"I know, granny," He smiled. "I'm doing this just for him. We'll be able to get back together very soon."

"I'll pray for you."

"Goodbye, granny," Adrian said, tapping on her shoulder before finally heading up the stairs to his husband's room.

While going there, Adrian had a lot to think. He needed to get it through with. What he just had to do was find out who really poisoned Victoria. He had to start somewhere. But where would he start that investigation from?

Suddenly he stopped in his tracks and gasped.

"Of course," Adrian whispered.

He now knew where to start from. He was gonna do that very soon and he was not gonna sit until anyone who was doing this succeeds in his/her plans.

He had been isolated for so long. It was time to come out and face the family again. One week was enough for staying in his room. It was time to face the light and fight the darkness which was slowly trying to bring chaos to his life.

Adrian took a deep breath before opening the door to his room. It had just been the way he had left it. Nicholas was in the same position, peacefully sleeping and looking really handsome. Had it been the same man who loved and trusted him a lot, he'd have been sleeping peacefully in those wonderful arms, feeling the warmth of his touch and probably making love to him.

Man, Adrian missed Nicholas a lot. They had not had sex in a week and the kisses were no longer passionate. He needed to pull through with everything. He needed to find out who the enemy was. Whatever he had to do, Jake was the first on that list.

He might have said he loves Victoria but the guy is desperate, really desperate. He can do anything just to have his hands on Nicholas. If he was truly the one who had done this, Adrian was gonna know it for sure.

Adrian slowly slipped in the covers and stared at the handsome face, peacefully sleeping. He got hurt but he smiled when he remembered the good times they had together. Those were wonderful times. He couldn't help but smile brightly to those wonderful, erotic memories.

He stared for so long that he found his eyes getting heavy. He went to sleep with the image of his handsome, precious, gorgeous and sexy husband.

****

Adrian slowly opened his eyes and got the surprise of his life. He felt a hand on his waist, firmly wrapped on his waist and a strong hot breathe on his face. His heart jumped with joy and he literally jumped out of his skin. It was really romantic and beautiful too.

Feeling Nicholas' hand on his waist was electric. What surprised him the most was that Nicholas was there for the first time in a week? He was still lying in bed. Adrian slowly raised his head to check the time and he got another surprise.

The time read, '8.34 am." For the past one week Adrian found Nicholas usually gone to work by the time he woke up so that was really a great surprise to take inside.

They had, well, kinda argued and seeing Nicholas there felt really good and special even if it was just for a little time. He remembered the wonderful mornings they had and how it all come crumbling down in the last one week.

By the time Adrian came to his senses, he was smiling brightly but it wasn't long when a thought hit him.

What if Nicholas had put that hand by mistake? What if he wakes up and removes it from him without saying anything? What if he wakes up and says something really bad that Adrian would cry or even something that would hurt him deeply?

Adrian couldn't stay like that. He needed to get away from him before something bad happens. With a deep sigh and a feeling of emptiness, Adrian carefully ripped Nicholas' hand from his waist, carefully rose and put it on a pillow. He felt him move in his sleep but the guy just went back to sleep.

With one final look of deep yearning, Adrian looked away and walked from the bed. He took a towel, looked at Nicholas one final time and entered the bathroom. He was getting hurt again. Staying like that with Nicholas was giving him such a headache.

He felt like he'd die if he stayed like that. Maybe he shouldn't have asked him any question and demanded answers. He should have kept it to himself. Nicholas would have been a little bit happy. He decided that once Nicholas wakes up he'd apologize to him and beg for forgiveness. He was ready to act like a fool for his husband's love. Yes, that was what he's gonna do.

Adrian stripped all his clothes off and stood under the shower head. He slowly opened it, releasing a stream of warm water that massaged his body. It felt good as it poured on his skin. It traced his body all the way down to his feet. He wanted to stand there for a long time, feeling that warm jet of liquid doing wonders on his hard body.

If only that warm water would wash away his troubles and return him to his former position when Nicholas used to tease him, make love to him, kiss him and everything that they did as a couple. Man, he missed that a lot. But he wasn't worried because very soon he'd have Nicholas running right in his welcoming arms.

Uh! That was really a happy thought. He felt his body relaxing as his mind brought wonderful memories to him. Those memories made his body hot, his cock stiff and his heart pound deeper in his chest. There was nothing as good and as wonderful as them.

Adrian quickly pulled himself back to reality from his day dreaming. He realized that he'd been spending so much time in the shower and it got him worried. Maybe Nicholas wanted to take a shower before he goes to the office. He didn't want to upset him in the morning. He just wanted him to be happy all the days of his life.

Adrian took the soap, washed his body and hair. He was done in twenty minutes time.

Adrian took a towel, wrapped it on his waist and got out of the bathing room. He had a towel on his head which he had wrapped to prevent water from dripping from his hair, making the floor wet. He quietly closed the door only to find another surprise.

Nicholas was still in bed, sound asleep. Something was definitely up with him. He wanted to wake him and ask him.

Adrian smiled and moved closer to his husband. He sat at the edge of the bed and slowly started leaning down to wake him up with a morning kiss. He was almost near before he...he quickly stood up.

"Fuck!" He cursed as he stood up and went to the other room.

He leaned to a wall and breathed. How could he have forgotten that he had argued with Nicholas last night because of his mother? And now he wanted to wake him up with a good morning kiss? Geez, what if Nicholas was still in a bad mood and snaps at him?

Adrian couldn't take that. He thanked his lucky stars he had pulled away from him before his lips reached him. His heart was pounding and his breaths were faster than usual.

Phew! That was a close one.

"Pull yourself together," Adrian whispered. "You'll be absolutely fine. Just breathe."

Adrian took a few quick breaths and he was able to calm himself down. His temperature, breathing and heart rate were back to normal. He had no idea why he was scared of Nicholas' behavior. Guess, it was because it was the first time Nicholas had snapped at him like that.

Adrian slowly selected his clothes. He took his time because he wanted Nicholas up and showering before he got out of there. He took out a green shirt, brown skinny pant and black sandals. He was ready to start the day and as promised he was not gonna stay in the room anymore.

It was time to face the family members once again especially since he hasn't seen them in a week. He was ready to receive curses or anything that they would throw at him. Once they realize he's innocent they'd be back to him, living happily and laughing together.

That scene made him smile but it also made him realize that he was spending too much time.

Being careful not to make any noise, Adrian slowly opened the door leading to his room. He was really hoping Nicholas had not risen or in the shower because he had no idea how to face him. They had not argued before and that made him scared.

He had no idea how far Nicholas could go with his anger. That was getting him really worried. If only he could turn back time. He would make sure things go well and they would be in bed making slow, passionate love.

"Stupid, stupid, stupid," Adrian whispered, hitting his head.

On one hand he was worried because he had triggered Nicholas' anger and now he was thinking about making love. Man, what was wrong with him?

Adrian slowly got into the room, closing his eyes so as not to see Nicholas if at all he was already awake. He slowly tip-toed in the room and when he was sure that Nicholas was not in that room he opened his eyes and almost fell down. He gasped and took a few steps back in fear.

His heart was now racing. His body quivered, his mind froze and his eyes were frozen on the one person that he had been thinking about.

There, in front of him, kneeling down was Nicholas. He had a poster with him which was written in black ink and it read,

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean it. I'm such a fool for saying that to you. Please, forgive me."

Adrian gasped. His eyes watered and his mind was empty. His heart was beating with enjoy and he felt like he was suddenly weak. He couldn't move, his muscles were contracting and his breaths were heavy and loud.

Did the guy just apologize to him? Maybe he was joking.

Sure, Adrian remembered every single word Nicholas had told him the night before. It had been painful but...those eyes were pleading. Nicholas was using his wonderful puppy eyes to beg. Those eyes were always difficult for Adrian to resist. He knew he had been defeated. He couldn't stay like that with the wonderful hunk.

He slowly moved towards his husband covering his mouth. He just couldn't believe no matter how much he tried. The evidence was right in front of him but he couldn't believe it. It was too good to be true.

Adrian felt a tear falling down his cheeks and to his surprise Nicholas changed the poster and replaced it with another one,

"Please, don't cry. You are making me feel bad."

Adrian's tears fell more. He was not crying because he was in pain or something but because he couldn't believe Nicholas was apologizing to him. It was then replaced with the first poster.

With a beating heart, a determined mind and watery eyes, Adrian rushed to Nicholas and stood there. He looked deep in his eyes and saw anguish, pain and regret in those eyes. There was nothing he could do than to forgive him. His face said it all and he saw a tear running down his cheek.

Fuck that was a really handsome man. He couldn't bear to see him kneeling, crying and with a crazy poster like a fucking teenager. He needed to get him up.

Adrian closed his eyes shut, took a deep breath and opened them again.

"Please, get up." Adrian said, extending his hands to help Nicholas get up.

"No," Nicholas said as a tear ran down his cheek. "I won't get up until you forgive me. I'm such an idiot."

After spending an entire hour at the balcony crying and another hour in granny's room crying to her about how he talked to Adrian, Nicholas knew he had messed up. Even his granny was mad at him for telling that to Adrian. She had even reprimanded him and reminded him of a vow that he took when he married Adrian. He could remember it like it was yesterday,

"For better or worse, in good times and in bad times, I'll stand by you forever,"

That got him feeling bad. He shouldn't have done what he did in anger. He needed to apologize for being such an asshole. He had broken a vow and he needed to be punished for it.

"Please, forgive me." Nicholas cried as more tears ran down his face. He was in pain and he had no idea how to get rid of it.
