 I cracked my eyes open and sighed. I had just woken up from yet another dream about Chris McCray. The entire night I had been in and out of sleep, my dreams dominated by a certain male celebrity. The sun shone in through the window and I looked over at my bedside clock, seeing that it was just before 8. I yawned, still feeling like I could sleep a few more hours. I contemplated this before deciding that sleeping wouldn't have been much use anyway, seeing that I was pretty sure I would just fall into another dream involving Chris.

I threw my legs over the edge of the bed, my feet coming into contact with the hardwood floor, which was warm from the sunlight hitting it. I stretched myself, feeling my muscles pull and relax, trying to rid themselves of their ache. I looked out the window and yawned. Thinking a swim would help reenergize me, I got up and walked over to my drawer, pulling out a pair of board shorts. I stripped down and donned the swimwear, grabbing a spare towel from my connected bathroom. I opened my door and looked down the hallway, noticing the guest bedroom door closed. 

I treaded lightly, not wanting to make any noise that might wake Chris. I made my way downstairs and to the kitchen, where the glass sliding doors led to my backyard. I stood at the glass door and looked out to the pool. The light reflecting on the surface of the pool was blinding. On reflex, my eyelids squinted to reduce the glare, as my eyes slowly adjusted to the light. My eyes finally adjusted enough for me to see somebody sitting by the pool. Upon closer inspection I realized that it was Chris.

He was sitting in one of the lounge chairs, wearing nothing but a pair of white shorts. His eyes were closed as he soaked in the rays, tanning in the sun. My eyes travelled from his face, down his neck, past his Adam's apple. I took in his muscled pecs, which complimented his washboard abs oh so nicely. His biceps were hard and I could see the veins running down his arms to his hands. I looked down at my own body and in comparison I was scrawny. Now I would say that I was extremely proud of my body. I did work out on a regular basis and definitely had some muscle definition, but next to Chris and his statue of a body, I was no competition. 

I found myself imagining running my fingers across his sun kissed skin, feeling every ridge on his body. My fantasies made me grow hard, slightly tenting my board shorts. I shook my head and tried to hide my erection, in the off chance that Chris opened his eyes and saw me. I turned away from the door, looking at my kitchen. I contemplated forgetting about the swim and preparing breakfast, anything to get my mind off of Chris. 

I took a step away from the door before stopping. I knew that if I ran from this, it was just going to get stronger and more difficult to control. I took a deep breath, composed myself and turned back to the door, this time sliding it open. I mean it was just a swim. I knew I could control my lust. The hard on I was sporting had deflated, good thing too seeing that Chris had opened his eyes at the sound of the sliding door.

He smiled when he saw me, marking the return of the butterflies in my stomach. I was perplexed by my reaction, having not had that feeling since high school, where I had my first real crush. I ignored the feeling and walked over to the lounge chair beside Chris, throwing my towel onto it, acting as nonchalant as I could.

"You're up early." I said.

"I could say the same for you." He replied.

"Couldn't sleep anymore." I lied. He chuckled and closed his eyes again, returning to his tanning. Close up he looked even more divine, my hormones kicking into overdrive. I shook my head, diving head first into the pool, the cool water engulfing me. The cold assaulted my senses, knocking some sense into me. I stayed underwater for as long as I could, holding my breath till I was blue. I surfaced, the need for oxygen overcoming the pleasure of cold water on my skin, feeling refreshed. I looked over at Chris and he was in his same position. The sun danced across his skin in such a way that made my groin tingle.

Then I remembered the bet. I needed to get my mind off the actor that was sitting a few feet away. I swam to the deepest end of the pool; the area furthest away from Chris, hoping the added distance would somehow keep my lust at bay. I started doing some laps, avoiding looking in his direction and as I swam back and forth that area of the pool. It didn't work though; I couldn't get my mind off Chris. 

It was frustrating, very frustrating. In one way or another, Chris McCray was making living in my own house difficult. It was funny how I went from loathing the guy's guts to fawning over him in less than a day. I could almost hear Ryan laughing in my head, telling me he told me so and reminding me that I was going to crack by the end of the day. To a certain extent he was right. I was going out of my mind trying to retain what little self-control I had left, but that was the thing, I still had that little self-control and it was straining to keep me from doing something stupid. 

I did the only thing I could do. I took a deep breath and sank to the bottom of the pool, closing my eyes as I went down. The water rushed into my ears, muffling the sounds outside the pool. It was something I usually did whenever I needed to shut the world out and just clear my thoughts. I sank to the bottom and crossed my legs, sitting there trying to empty my mind. The sound of water in my ear had a sort of calming effect on me, always being able to get me to relax. After around a minute underwater, I could honestly say that, for the first time that day, I felt I could handle Chris McCray. 

I could feel my lungs start to burn, screaming for oxygen. I was about to surface when a sound distracted me. A muffled splash mingled with the hum of water in my ear. Before I could open my eyes, I felt myself being pulled upwards by strong arms. In my shock, I had opened my mouth. Water filled my orifice, the taste of chlorine slightly nauseating. In those few short milliseconds, instinct took over and my body involuntarily tried to take a breath, making me swallow a small amount of water. 

I felt my face transition from the cool water to warm air. I started coughing, my body trying to remove the water in my windpipe. After heaving till my throat hurt, I finally opened my teary eyes, finding Chris in front of me, a worried look on his face. His coiffed hair was matted down by the water and fell flat on his forehead. I felt his hands like vices on my upper arms, holding me afloat.

"What was that for?!" I shouted, my voice hoarse from coughing my lungs out. 

"You were drowning." He said, not letting go of my arms. 

"What?! I wasn't drowning." I said.

"But you were at the bottom of the pool. I thought..." he trailed off. I could still feel his hands clamped tight on my arms. It was then that I realized that my hands were trapped between our bodies, my right hand resting just where his heart should be. His skin was warm underneath my fingers, a contrast to the cold water. I felt the stirring in my pants and quickly pulled my hand away, pushing at his arms, to which he finally released his grip on me.

"Last I checked drowning people don't sit on the bottom of the pool without any signs of struggling." I said. He cheeks flushed crimson and he sank lower into the water until only his nose and eyes were above the water. I rubbed my arm where his hand used to be, trying to process everything that had happened in those few short seconds. He had jumped into the pool, and pulled me out because he thought I was drowning. It was definitely sweet and I couldn't help feeling a little flattered. "But thanks. It was very heroic. Stupid, but heroic." 

He looked up at me, his brown eyes locking with my green ones. His eyes travelled to my hand, which was still subconsciously rubbing the area where his hands used to be on my arm. He emerged from the water just enough so his mouth was out. "Sorry if I hurt you. Didn't mean to grab so hard." He must have misunderstood my actions and I quickly put my hand down.

"No it didn't hurt." I quickly said. It was really awkward. I mean what do you do when someone just tried to save your life? We both stayed in our positions, looking at anything but each other. I could still feel the sensation of his skin under my fingers and I longed to feel it again, but I knew I couldn't. I finally decided to move, swimming over to the edge of the pool and hoisting myself onto the edge. I sat there, my feet dangling into the clear water.

He moved too, swimming up to my feet. "I hope I didn't scare you too bad." He said. I looked at him and noticed he was eye level with my crotch. Mental images of him giving me a blowjob right there on the pool edge flooded my mind. I kicked water at him, in an attempt to change his position as well as hide my growing erection. He did move away, laughing as he went.

"Now we're even." I said, quickly getting up and walking over to my lounge chair. I faced away from the pool, using my towel to dry myself off. My board shorts were significantly tented by then and I couldn't turn around. I couldn't go anywhere or Chris would have seen it. Just then I heard him exit the pool and I knew he would be walking over to his chair anytime soon, leaving me in full view of him. Needing to think quickly, I hurriedly sat down on my lounge chair and bunched my towel around my waist, hiding the obvious tent.

As expected he came walking over to his chair, standing there. He was still dripping and I realized that he didn't have a towel. He wasn't planning on getting in the pool and so hadn't brought a towel. I put up my left leg, hiding my crotch from his view before throwing the towel for him to dry himself. He caught it in mid flight, muttering thanks before running it through his hair. I looked down and his white shorts were soaked, making them stick to his body and see through. He had a pair of briefs underneath but it still looked really erotic. I pulled my eyes away when my dick got harder. I took deep long breaths, willing my body to relax. Slowly, I felt the blood drain from my groin and my cock slowly deflating. 

He removed the towel from his head. It was the first time I had seen him without his hair styled in some way or another. It stuck out in odd places from being manhandled and yet he still looked good. It may have even made him look cute in a way, with his hair tousled all around. I realized I had been observing him for too long so I quickly made a comment. "Nice hair."

He blushed and desperately tried to comb his hair with his fingers to get them into something of an organized mess. I laughed at his efforts, making him smile and chuckle too. "Oh shut up. Like you're any better." He said. I wasn't about to give him the satisfaction so I shrugged my shoulders, before getting up and walking towards the house. Closing the glass door behind me, I leaned against it, the cold glass making me shiver. I knew I almost cracked. The whole blowjob fantasy almost sent me over the edge. Even when he was drying himself, I had the intense want to just stand and pull him into a kiss. Hell I was even gawking at his pelvic area.

This was no longer just about the bet, if I had done anything it could have resulted in horrible consequences. I couldn't imagine sharing a house with someone who suddenly kissed you out of nowhere. That just screamed creepy, especially to a straight guy. I closed my eyes, running a hand over my face. A knock on the glass behind me made me jump. I stepped away from the door and Chris opened it, walking in. 

"I'm uh...going to go have a shower." He said, moving past me towards the stairs. 

"Haven't I said you didn't have to report everything you do to me?" I smirked. He simply smiled and headed for the upstairs bathroom. I waited where I was till I heard the click of the bathroom door lock. I sighed and leaned against the kitchen counter. It definitely wasn't going well for me. I could keep my emotions in check but just barely. I was however impressed with myself at how normal I could act in front of him, seeing that in the back of my mind, I wanted nothing more that pull him into bed with me.

I sighed once again and made my way up to my room. I entered my bathroom and stripped, throwing the soaked board shorts onto the sink counter. I turned on the water, setting it a little warmer than I usually did, before climbing in. I let the hot water run over my body, the feeling reminding me of Chris's warm hand on my arm. I found myself growing hard again but this time I didn't need to hide it. 

My right hand travelled down my body towards my aching member, grasping it firmly between my fingers. I imagined Chris in the other bathroom doing the same, jacking himself off, a figment of my fantasies. I moved my hand in a slow repetitive motion, pulling my foreskin back and forth over the head. I closed my eyes, the fantasy from the pool returning full force. This time I didn't try to repress the thought, instead feeding off of it. I could feel the stirring in my groin and I knew I couldn't hold on much longer. I released my load, my orgasm hitting me. Wads of cum came spurting out my dick, coating the side of the shower.

I let the orgasm subside, savouring every moment of it. My cock slowly deflated in my hands, the blood draining from it. I let out a breath. Even after my release, I didn't feel sated, not to the level I wanted to be at least. I longed for more. I longed for Chris, the forbidden fruit. Though I didn't feel fully satisfied, I did feel myself regaining some control over myself. The feeling of need to touch him was still there, but less strongly than before. I convinced myself that a daily jack off session would keep my hormones at bay, making it a lot easier to get through the week.

I finished my shower, removing any remaining semen that was still on the shower walls. Grabbing my towel, I exited the shower, drying myself off. For a moment, my mind wondered to Chris drying himself by the pool. I managed to shake the thought from my head, heading out to my room and changing into a t-shirt and pants, before heading down to start breakfast.

The rest of the day passed without much of a hitch. Chris spent much of his time with his script and I, trying to keep any lusting thoughts at bay, kept myself busy. I hadn't planned on cleaning my garage but it was the last place to accidently bump into Chris in the house. So I spent the afternoon clearing any junk that I no longer wanted, putting them in boxes and leaving them on the sidewalk for the garbage collector. I was a little OCD and I found myself throwing away so many things. 

I was so focussed on my task that I hadn't realized the time fly by until I noticed the sky outside getting dark. I looked at my watch and saw it was almost 8. I finished up whatever I was doing and went back into the house. Chris was sitting on the living room couch, flipping through channels on the T.V., his legs propped up on the coffee table in front of him.

"Why didn't you tell me it was so late?" I said, wiping my hands on my pants.

"Late for what?" he asked, pulling his eyes away from the T.V.

"Dinner." I said.

"No biggie. You were working and I didn't want to disturb you. Besides, I'm not really very hungry anyway." He said.

"Still, you should have told me. Anyway, I don't feel like cooking today. Wanna head out and grab some dinner?" I asked.

"Sure." 

"Cool, let me just get a quick shower." I said, climbing up the stairs to my room. I quickly showered, washing the layer of dirt on my skin that accumulated from cleaning out the garage. I changed and looked at myself in the mirror. I was wearing a white t-shirt, layered over with a long sleeved light blue shirt. I had the sleeves of the shirt pulled up and bunched around my elbows, and a simple pair of jeans. Happy with how I looked I picked up my phone, hitting 3 on speed dial.

The phone rang a couple of minutes before it answered. "Hello." said the soft female voice on the other end.

"Hey Sam. Justin here." I said.

"Yeah boss I know. There's something called caller ID." She said, chuckling into the phone. "So what's up?"

"Are you rushing off later tonight?" I asked. My restaurant closed at 9 and Sam was my sous chef. She helped run the kitchen whenever I wasn't there.

"Nope. Why?" 

"Would you mind staying a while after closing to cook something for me and a friend?" I asked.

"A friend? You finally taking our advice and going on a date?" She said, making me roll my eyes in response. Most of the kitchen crew and Ryan were always on me about not going on enough dates. 

"It's not a date. He's just a friend." I said.

"Uh huh, whatever you say boss." I could almost hear the smirk in her voice.

"You and Ryan are so alike." I said. It was true. Their personalities really matched. I know Sam had liked Ryan for a while but she had yet to tell him anything. When I asked her why she said it was unprofessional to date your boss. I understood that. Being my business partner for the restaurant, it was inappropriate if Ryan dated Sam. But then again, I owned the place. Who better to say what's appropriate or not but me? But I wasn't going to push her. It was her life and I let her live it the way she wants.

"Yeah yeah. So after closing? I'll be here." She said.

"Thanks Sam."

"No problem boss." She hung up and I stuffed the phone into my pocket, heading down the stairs. 

"Ready?" I asked Chris.

"Yep." He got off the couch, turning off the T.V. "So where are we going?"

"You'll see." I said, holding the front door open for him to exit. He walked past me, raising an eyebrow. I ignored him, closing and locking the door behind me. I walked to the black ford mustang that was parked in the driveway. Unlocking the door, I stepped into the driver's seat, Chris getting into the passenger side. I turned on the engine, flipping the top off. Chris looked over at me and raised an eyebrow. "What? It's Miami. You gotta ride in style." I said, putting the car in reverse and backing out of the driveway.

I sped down the road towards town, the wind blowing my short spikey blonde hair around. "So you're really not gonna tell me where we're going?" He asked over the sound of the wind. I shook my head, concentrating on the road ahead of me. I drove down the street, the beach to my right. The smell of salt permeated the air. My restaurant was near the beach and it was definitely one of the more popular locations for shops. I guess that was a contributing factor as to why the business took off so fast. 

I pulled into the parking lot, putting the top of the car down. Chris got out of the car first, looking around and surveying his surroundings. I got out soon after, locking the car doors. "C'mon it's this way." I said, walking down the road away from him. He ran up behind me, slowing to a pace to match mine once he caught up. I walked down the street, stopping outside the shop named, "Miami Kitchen". I know the name wasn't very creative but my dad was the one who named it. 

"Oh I heard of this place. Some of my friends back in L.A. love the food here. Too bad it's closed though." He said, pointing to the closed sign on the glass door. I chuckled and pushed the door open anyway. He furrowed his eyebrows but followed me in regardless. 

"Hey Sam! You here?" I shouted, taking a seat in one of the booths. Chris sat across from me, looking around the restaurant.

"Just a minute." Sam said from the kitchen. 

"So you know the person who works here?" Chris asked.

"I guess you could say that." I replied. Just then Sam came out of the kitchen, wiping her hands on her apron. 

"Hey boss. So..." She trailed off and her face went blank. Her mouth hung agape in a way I had never seen before. You see Sam was a very composed woman, strong willed and tough, unwavering in her composure. It was the first time I had seen her go blank like that. Her eyes darted between Chris and me. I could almost see the wheels in her head turning, trying to make sense of the scene in front of her. 
