 I woke up, feeling Chris's hair and stubble tickling my chest. I turned my head in the direction of the clock, seeing that it was just past midnight. I looked down at Chris's sleeping form, smiling at the look of peace on his face. I stroked his back with my hand, thinking about the previous day. It was such a roller coaster ride of emotions. I thought about everything that happened, from the unexpected afternoon kiss to the make out session just a few hours ago. 

I felt happy. Looking at Chris lying on my chest made me wonder if this could last. If I could still see us in ten years, together like this. I guess no one could tell, but I was going to put as much into this relationship the next couple of days as I could. I hoped if things didn't work out, I would be able to keep myself together, but I shuddered at the thought that I couldn't.

"You awake?" Chris asked sleepily. I hadn't even known he had woken up. I immediately stopped stroking his skin, thinking that I had been the one to wake him.

"Sorry, didn't mean to wake you." I apologized.

"Nah it's fine." He said looking up at me. I smiled and he returned a sleepy one. He moved and placed a chaste kiss on my lips. "Shall we take a shower? I can feel the dried spunk on my underwear." I nodded and we both got up and walked to the bathroom out in the hall. The whole time, Chris had his arm around my waist, pulling my body to his.

We entered the bathroom and removed out jeans and soiled underwear, throwing them into the laundry bin. It was the first time I had seen him completely naked. His dick was about 4" flaccid and uncut, very much like mine. We both stepped into the shower, letting the hot water pour over our bodies. He wrapped his arms around me, while I placed mine around his neck. 

"You're beautiful." He whispered into my ear.

"You're not too bad either hot stuff." I said, making him chuckle. I took the soap and lathered it up in my hands, before rubbing it into his body. He did the same for me, the contact between us making us grow hard. I stood under the shower, letting the water wash the soap off my body, before switching places for him to do the same. I stared at him as the water poured off the contours of his body. He looked amazing, and totally out of my league. In all of my past relationships, I was always the bigger person. Seeing Chris and his god like body was something I wasn't used to and something I thought I wasn't worthy of. He turned away from me, letting the shower hit his face, giving me the perfect view of his ass, which was just as perfect as the rest of him.

I closed the gap between us, wrapping my arms around his torso, feeling the hard abs there. I placed my chin on his shoulder, his hand coming up to hold my cheek. I ran my hands up and down his abs, before running my fingers through the tuft of hair above his groin, weaving my fingers through the course fibres. He turned his head and kissed me, slow and sensual. 

My hand found his dick, now hard and erect. I wrapped my fingers around it, pumping it as slow as he was kissing me. "That feels so good Justin." He moaned. My dick had found its way into his ass crack and I was slowly pushing in and out between his legs. 

I stopped, taking my hands off his dick. My hands turned him around, our erection coming into contact with each other. I kissed him once, travelling down his body, scraping my teeth along his skin. His body trembled as I did so. I knelt low enough that I was eye level with his dick. Now fully erect I could see that he was slightly longer that my 6" with his 7", although I was broader than him. 

I stuck my nose in his pubes, inhaling his scent that was mixed with the smell of soap. It was almost like a drug. I licked the underside of his cock, making it jump slightly. My eyes looked up at him, seeing his head thrown back in ecstasy. I smiled, taking his head into my mouth, eliciting a gasp from him. His hands went up to the walls, supporting himself as his knees buckled. I smiled at the effect I had on him, taking him deeper into my mouth.

I sucked on his dick, taking more of him with each pass until I felt his cock touch the back of my throat. I resisted the urge to gag, supressing the reflex, continuing to suck him off. His body was trembling, trying to hold back his oncoming orgasm, which only made me more determined to make him cum. I increased my efforts, bringing him to the edge multiple times before pulling back, keeping him on the brink of orgasm.

"Justin I can't hold out much longer." He said, the strain apparent in his voice. I sucked him off with fervour, this time not stopping when his body tensed. He unloaded into my mouth. He tasted sweet, with a little bitterness, so unlike mine, which I didn't really care for. I swallowed it all, not wanting to lose a single drop. I cleaned off his dick with my tongue, running it around the shaft. "Oh my god." Chris exclaimed.

I got off my knees, standing up and kissing him. His tongue entered my mouth, tasting himself. His right hand found my throbbing member, slowly pumping it in time to our kisses. His kisses grew more passionate as he pushed me up against the wall. He broke the kiss, kneeling down like I did, wasting no time in taking me into his mouth. My breathing hitched as he moved his lips up and down my shaft. His tongue circled my head, sending sparks dancing across my skin. It didn't take long for me to lose control and blow my load into the confines of his mouth. He took it all, only a small amount escaping the side of his lips.

I looked down at the hunk of a man kneeling in front of me as he licked his lips, capturing the drop of semen that escaped. He got up and placed his forehead to mine. "You taste good too." He said. I chuckled and pulled him out of the shower. Drying ourselves off, we exited the bathroom and headed for our respective room. Standing in front of our bedroom doors, we exchanged looks. 

"My room?" I asked. He smiled and nodded his head, going into his room to get some clothes while I entered mine. I had just put on a pair of boxers when Chris entered the room, dressed in nothing but a pair of boxer briefs. The skin-tight fabric hugged his figure, outlining the contours of his body. I climbed into bed, motioning for Chris to lie next to me. He took my suggestion, climbing into bed behind me. I lay on my side, looking out the window as Chris spooned me, draping his arm over my body.

I felt my eyes grow heavy, the heat of Chris's body making my bed seem cosier than it had ever been. The kiss I felt on the back of my neck made me smile. "Justin?" He called.

"Yeah?" I said, sleepiness slowly enveloping me.

"You wanna come down to the set with me tomorrow?"

"I would like that." I said, closing my eyes. Chris kissed my neck once more before I succumbed to sleep.

I was awoken the next morning by the ringing of my phone. I cracked my eyes open, the light streaming in from the window temporarily blinding. I felt for my phone on my bedside table, managing to locate it after several blind attempts. I grabbed the vibrating device and answered the call, not bothering to see who it was on caller ID.

"Hello?" I mumbled sleepily.

"Hey Justin. Sorry to wake you honey but could you check up on Chris. He isn't picking up my call." My mom said. The light snoring coming from behind me told me that Chris was still asleep.

"Yeah mom, sure thing." I said. 

"Thanks hun, bye." She said, hanging up the phone. I hung up and put my phone back down on the table. I turned to my left, looking at Chris's sleeping form. The light snoring was really cute and I found myself smiling at him. Eventually, I shook his shoulder lightly, making him open his eyes. 

"Hey, my mom's been trying to call you." I said. He yawned and stretched, his joints cracking as he did.

"Morning to you too." He said, giving me a light kiss on the cheek. "What time is it?" I looked to the clock and told him it was 8. "I should get ready. I need to be on set by 9. You're coming along right?" He asked, pushing his feet out of bed. 

"You sure it would be okay?" I asked, unsure if it was right to bring someone to the set of a shooting.

"Yeah it's fine. Not only are you with me, but you're also Jo's son. Besides, everyone on the crew is really nice. The director's a super nice guy." He said. "I would ask if you want to shower together but I think if I do that, we would be late."

"Yeah no duh." He smiled and exited my room, heading to get ready. I pulled myself out of bed, heading to my bathroom for a shower. After I was done, I put on a white polo t-shirt and a pair of khakis. I walked out of my room and heard Chris in his room. Continuing down the stairs, I proceeded to the kitchen to brew a pot of coffee. I waited for the coffee to finish brewing before pouring myself a hot cup, without any cream or sugar. I sipped the coffee as I took a seat at the kitchen island.

Chris came down soon after, walking past me but not before placing a kiss on my cheek. He got himself a mug and poured himself a cup of coffee, placing a few cubes of sugar into his, sitting across from me.

"Had a good sleep?" He asked, drinking half his cup of coffee in one go.

"How could I not?" I smirked, downing the rest of the black liquid in my cup. 

"Good to hear." he said, finishing up his coffee. "Shall we?" he asked, grabbing my cup and putting them both in the dishwasher. I got up and walked to the front door going out to my car. I got in the driver's seat as Chris got into the passenger side.

"So where is the set anyway?" Chris told me the address and I nodded, driving over to the location. I knew where that was, only a few blocks down from my restaurant. Along the way, Chris and I talk, joked and sang loudly along to the music on the radio. I knew I was walking into dangerous territory, getting myself so attached the Chris, but we did agree to really try this out and I wasn't going to back out of it.

We reached the location, which was a condo. I parked the car and followed Chris into the building. We rode the elevator all the way to the top floor, entering the first apartment we crossed. The apartment was full of people and equipment, ranging from big cameras to all sorts of lighting. If not for all the clutter in the house, it would have been an extremely nice home. I followed behind Chris, walking through the jungle of wires and headed for one of the bedrooms at the back of the flat. Sitting on a sofa in the left corner of the room was my mom, busy on her cell phone. She raised her hand in acknowledgement when she saw Chris but her face showed confusion when her eyes fell on me.

She finished up her call and hung up, walking over to us. "Hey guys. I didn't expect to see you here." She said to me.

"Chris invited me. It's fine right?" I asked.

"Yeah no problem. I just thought you wouldn't have liked to come. No matter." She said, turning to Chris. "Chris, go get your make up done and change into your outfit. Jessica is waiting." 

"Sure thing. C'mon." He said, motioning for me to follow him. I followed him, seeing my mom giving me a suspicious look as I walked away. I ignored it though; she probably just found it weird that I was there. He took me to the adjacent room. A dresser with a huge mirror took up the area where the bed would have been. A few chairs sat in front of it, racks of clothes to the left. A woman was sitting in one of the chairs, texting on her phone.

"Hey Jess." Chris said to the woman. She looked up and smiled, putting her phone away. 

"Hey Chris. Okay hold on." She said, walking over to the rack of clothes and handing him an outfit. "Go change into this, then come out here for make up after you're done." Chris took it and headed for what I assumed was the connected bathroom. I decided to wait where I was, sitting in one of the chairs.

"Hi, I'm Jessica, but you can call me Jess. Chris brought you along?" Jessica asked, standing behind my chair. I looked at her through the mirror and nodded, introducing myself to her. "Friend?" 

"Kinda." She leaned down till her head was next to mine.

"Boyfriend?" She whispered. One look at the shock expression on my face and she burst out laughing. "I take that as a yes."

"How did you know?' I asked.

"I know Chris is gay, one of the few people on set who does in fact. I guess you just share certain stuff with your make up artiste." She said. 

"Well we aren't actually what you would call boyfriends anyway. It's kinda in a trial phase now." I said.

"Trial phase?" She asked, raising her eyebrow. 

"We're seeing how it goes." I clarified. 

"That's a shame. It's nice to see him liking someone. Doesn't happen too often from what he tells me."

"He seems really open about it." I said. Seeing that he was seemingly so open about his sexual orientation, it baffled me that it wasn't widely reported in the tabloids.

"I know what you're thinking but he's actually pretty closed about it. He opens up to a certain people if he trusts them. I guess those people just don't go around spreading the news. So yeah, probably why it's not everywhere." She said. Just then Chris walked back in, changed into his new clothes. 

"You guys talking about me?" Chris asked, taking a seat in the chair next to me.

"What if we are, lover boy." Jess said, getting her make up ready for Chris. She touched him up a little, putting a small amount of make up on. I could see the way he acted was different there. Back at the house, he just seemed like any ordinary 21 year old, but on set I could tell that there was an air of professionalism surrounding him. He was truly proud of what he did.

Someone came into the room just after Jess was done with his make up. "Chris, five minutes." The stagehand said, disappearing almost immediately. Chris got out of the chair, and walked past me, smiling as he went. 

"Showtime." He said, making me chuckle. I followed him out, walking down the hallway to the living room where most of the equipment was set up. Chris walked up to a man who I assumed was the director. I stayed back, watching everything from the hallway. I couldn't hear what Chris was saying to the director but he nodded at intervals and smiled occasionally. 

"Why the change of heart?" came the familiar voice from behind me.

"He invited me. I thought it was the polite thing to accept." I said, turning to face my mother.

"That's the only reason?" She asked, shooting me a suspicious look. I nodded, unsure whether to tell her about Chris and me or not. The look she gave me made me nervous. It was her 'you're hiding something and I'll find out soon enough' face. I turned back to the set, seeing Chris sitting on the couch, in position for the scene. Opposite him sat a blonde girl, whom I assumed was the leading lady.

I observed the works of the entire operation. It was my first time actually visiting a set and a lot of the people were extremely nice, something that prior to meeting Chris would have blown my expectations right out of the water. After they were done filming the scene, Chris introduced the blonde girl to me. Her name was Victoria Oakley and the movie was her debut film. She was a very sweet girl, awfully polite but had a sense of humour too.

The rest of the day was spent filming various scenes for the movie. We left the apartment around noon to head to the beach, finishing up a few scenes there. Overall the whole thing was a pleasant experience. It was fun finding out about everything and I kind of made a new friend in Jess, who was there next to me a lot of the time, chatting to me about nothing in particular. 

It was almost 5 when they called it quits, opting to resume the rest of the filming the next day. I waited by my car while Chris went and changed out of his outfit back at the apartment. I sat on the hood on my car, leaning back onto the windshield. My legs were crossed at the ankle, my arms folded across my chest. It was fifteen minute later before Chris appeared, walking out of the building accompanied by my mother.

I slid off the hood, planting my feet onto the asphalt. I got into the driver's seat, turning the ignition on the engine. Chris waved goodbye to my mom, who proceeded to her car. She eyed me as she walked away, making me feel a little uncomfortable. 

"So tired." Chris exclaimed as he got in. "So how was it? Did you like it?" he asked, referring to my visit to the set.

"It was cool." I said, backing out of the parking lot. 

"Glad you liked it. I was happy you were there too." The smile he shot me made the butterflies return.

"As was I." I looked into the rear view mirror and saw my mom's blue Prius following me down the road. "Did my mom say anything about coming over to my place?" 

"No why?"

"That's strange. She shouldn't be taking this route home." I said. Chris turned in his seat, looking out the back window.

"Maybe she forgot something?" He suggested.

"Maybe." I said. I knew it had something to do with my appearance at the shoot seeing that she had been giving me looks all day. I tried ignoring the vehicle following behind me, focussing on the drive home. Halfway home, Chris put his hand on mine that was on the gear stick, the warmth an immediate comfort. 

I parked in my driveway, getting out the car. My mother's car stopped behind mine as her engine cut off. She got out. "Hey mom. What are you doing here?" I asked, hoping to hear an innocent reason.

"Inside, both of you." She said, pointing to Chris and me. We followed her orders, proceeding into the house. She came in after us, closing the door behind her. With her hands on her hips, she turned to us, looking like a total mother. There was something about either her posture or the way she was looking at us, that made me feel like a little kid that was about to be punished. "So, is there something you boys want to tell me?" 

"What do you mean?" I asked, feigning ignorance although I had a pretty good idea what she was getting at.

"Don't start Justin. I could see the way you two were looking at each other all day. Are you two dating or something?" She said, flat out. I turned to Chris, waiting for him to say something.

"Okay yes. We are." Chris said. "Is that wrong?"

"Yes! No. Maybe. Argh you two are complicating things." She said, walking over to the couch and sitting down.

"Complicate how? What's wrong with dating each other?" He asked.

"You know why it complicates stuff Chris. I have told you before." She sighed. "Look, both of you. As a mother and a friend, I'm really happy for you two. Anyone could see how much you guys like each other. On the other hand as a mother and manager, I really implore you to ask yourself if this is really what you want." 

Chris and I kept quiet. "Chris, you know I don't care that you're gay, but you know that not everyone does. If you come out with this to the public, your gonna receive some heat about it. You may not get parts just because some people are homophobic. Is that something you want to go through?

"As for you Justin, maintaining a relationship that's in the spotlight is very hard. Things may not last under such an environment. And in such a case, can you deal with it should it come to an end?" She stopped. What she said simply reiterated my fears of a relationship with Chris.

"What if we kept it on the down low?" I asked.

"That may work for awhile. But you should know that Chris is somewhat of a big name. Eventually, some sneaky paparazzi is gonna get some evidence of your relationship. Eventually news of it will get out and nothing is going to be private anymore." Chris's head fell and I knew exactly how he felt. It had only been a day in our relationship, and already circumstances were trying to tear us apart. It made me wonder if it was really possible to have a relationship with him. "I know I'm being a little bit depressing here but I just needed you guys to know what you are walking into. If you think it's worth it, I'm not gonna stop you. You're both adults and are free to choose what you want. I will be happy for you in fact. I just needed to say this to make sure you expect anything that may come your way." My mom said, getting off the couch. "I'll take my leave then and let you guys talk it out." 
