 Hello and welcome to the 15th chapter of this story. We are at the peak and it will end soon. I just hope this chapter will be of interest to you. Drop your comments and rates below this chapter. Happy reading...

****

The car passed the sign of the next city and Adrian couldn't help but look outside the window to check out because he had never been there before. After almost 6 hours of driving they were finally in the city, a place where he would get answers. Just thinking about everything made him nervous and he had no idea what the city had for him.

The city was really beautiful but not as beautiful as the capital. There were tall buildings, really huge houses and there were quite a number of people even though it was starting to get late. Everything was just lovely to Adrian's view and he wouldn't have liked it any better.

"Here we are," Nicholas said, squeezing Adrian's shoulder with a million dollar smile.

"It's beautiful!" Adrian hollered, his eyes still glued on the wonderful city. "I have never been here before but...it's really beautiful."

"Wait until we get to the hotel," Nicholas said excitedly. He had not been to his hotel in a number of months. In fact, he didn't go anywhere since he got married because he didn't want to leave his husband for anything else in the world. He just had some people manage everything. But now that he was here, he was gonna check out everything.

"Your hotel?" Adrian asked, staring at a really wonderful building which they had just passed.

"No!" Nicholas chuckled. "It's not my hotel. You're wrong about that."

"What?" Adrian said, moving his eyes to stare into the gorgeous face of his hunk. "I thought it was your hotel and..."

"It's not my hotel," Nicholas chuckled, taking Adrian's right hand into his. "It's our hotel. You are married to me so everything that I have also belongs to you."

Adrian looked at his husband emotionally. He loved what his husband had just told him. It was like he was also the owner of the companies and hotels even though he never even worked there. He loved it a lot and he was dying to kiss his hunk.

"Thank you!" Adrian muttered, trying to suppress the tears that were about to build in his eyes. "That really means a lot to me."

"Don't worry," Nicholas now moved his hand to Adrian's cheek and squeezed it sweetly. "What's mine is yours and vice versa. There is just one thing that I want."

"Which is?" Adrian frowned, trying to understand what his husband was saying. 

"I want you to go to school and finish up so that we can manage our businesses together."

Adrian's eyes widened at the hunk's desire. It was beautiful and going back to school was really lovely. He'd begin his career and then help out in his husband's businesses.

"I want that more than anything." Adrian exclaimed. 

"Even more than me," Nicholas asked, looking at Adrian with puppy eyes.

"No!" Adrian gasped, squeezing his husband's shoulder. "You know that there is nothing I want more than you."

Nicholas chuckled. "Then why haven't you...kissed me for some time now?"

"Is that what you really want?" Adrian chuckled softly, looking at the driver who was busy on the wheel. "Alright," He looked at Nicholas. 

"Really," 

"Yes,"

Feeling his heart begin racing, Nicholas moved his hands up and then cupped them tightly. His lips were dry because he hadn't kissed Adrian since...40 minutes ago and he kinda missed feeling those wonderful, beautiful soft lips on his. Just thinking about it was making his heart pound. There was nothing he wanted more than to kiss the boy.

Nicholas then slowly rubbed Adrian's cheeks, taking the time to rub his lips while he licked his. Just the thought of kissing Adrian was making him horny. His cock had already stiffened in his pants and he was dying to make love to Adrian. He couldn't wait to reach the hotel and make love to Adrian in a whole new different place.

Nicholas then leaned forward and smiled brightly, licking his own lips sensually. Then with a swift, he captured Adrian's lips in the sweetest of kisses. He felt like he was able to breathe again after so long. His heart was racing and he enjoyed sucking on that hot tongue, feeling the electrical impulses of pleasure travelling down his body. He was really on fire.

Adrian's body was on fire, moaning softly as he enjoyed the kiss which he was sharing with his husband. He couldn't get enough of that mouth and those wonderful hands were really giving him a bad vibe, sending vibrations all the way to his throbbing cock. He could feel it stiff and pressing against his pants in a painful way. Had it not been for the driver, he'd have demanded for Nicholas' cock and make love to him right in the car but he had to behave himself.

Nicholas grasped the back of Adrian's head and brought his lips closer. He was not able to breathe properly but he couldn't care less. The only thing that was on his mind was to kiss the boy's brains out. He kissed him more than intended but in a few seconds his breath was leaving him so he broke the kiss and gasped for air. Then after that he found himself chuckling to Adrian. He brought his head further and gave him a wonderful kiss on the forehead.

"That was really wonderful," Nicholas whispered, licking his lips softly. They felt swollen and yet still yearned for more. "I wish we could have gone further."

"You're gonna have to wait for that, big boy." Adrian gave a soft chuckle. His voice was barely a whisper. The last thing he wanted was for the driver to hear their stupid, dirty talks.

"I can't wait." Nicholas whispered back.

"Me neither," Adrian chuckled softly.

Nicholas smiled brightly, giving him a horny look. He loved the boy a lot and couldn't wait to make love to him. It was gonna be slow, intense and absolutely breathtaking. Nicholas could almost hear them both of moan. That moan in his mind travelled to his cock and he felt it pulse, begging to be released but it was gonna have to wait till they reach the hotel.

"Come here," Nicholas smiled, opening his arms wide.

Adrian smiled. "I'd really love to. It's like you just read my mind."

Adrian then gave a soft chuckled and leaned down. In no time at all he was in Nicholas' arms, feeling his cologne and his beautiful chest. He didn't want to pull away for any reason. He just wanted to stay like for the rest of the time.

Nicholas loved the feel of the boy in his arms. He wanted him...he wanted him so bad. He was gonna hold for all eternity. Nicholas then tightened his grip on the boy in his arms and then gave him a beautiful kiss on the head. He loved how wonderful he felt in his arms.

"I love you." Nicholas jabbered.

"I love you too...baby boo!" 

Hearing what Adrian had called him, Nicholas smiled and then gave him another kiss on the head. He just wanted to kiss him for the rest of his life. He could live forever just kissing and pleasing the wonderful boy he loved so much. He was the reason he lived for...mostly.

With a kiss and a beautiful chuckle, Nicholas tightened his grip on the boy as he gave instructions to the driver to take a turn to the left. They were almost near the hotel and he couldn't wait to get there.

***

The car parked, making Adrian rise from Nicholas' arms. He looked out the window and...gasped. They were there. They were finally there and he felt his heart miss a beat. He was finally there and there was nothing that he wanted to do rather than be with his husband and...possibly find out the truth about what was really happening.

Looking out the window, Adrian's eyes were wide open, looking at the beautiful wonder outside. It was a really beautiful, huge hotel...well five star hotels to be precise. He couldn't get a clear view of it from inside but it was absolutely stunning. He couldn't wait to go outside and get a proper view of the beautiful hotel which was owned by his husband.

"Welcome to my..." Nicholas trailed off and then gave a low chuckle. "...I mean our hotel."

"Wow!" Adrian gasped, moving his eyes from side to side. "It's really beautiful. I love it a lot."

"It's all yours."

"It's beautiful." Adrian said, moving his eyes to his husband. He saw the wonderful look on his face and he couldn't help but smile. His husband was surely cute and handsome. He loved him a whole lot and had no idea what he would do without the hot hunk.

Adrian stared at his husband like he wanted to devour him. He really loved him a lot. He was really hoping they would at least have a good time. He didn't just want to spend his whole time in the city trying to find out the truth but he also wanted to spend time with his husband and then make love of course.

"Are you just gonna stare at me or are you gonna kiss me?" Nicholas muttered, swallowing the saliva which had filled in his mouth just by having Adrian staring at him.

"Maybe I am reserving it for later." Adrian said softly, dying to kiss those wonderful lips which made him shiver whenever he touched them.

"Really," Nicholas chirped.

"Yes," Adrian nodded. In the next few seconds he heard the driver getting out of the car and then the boot opening.

"If it was him you were worried about then..." He paused and began getting closer to Adrian's lips. Then he closed his eyes and began moving in before he felt Adrian's hot hands blocking his moving lips. He quickly opened his eyes to see Adrian looking at him and blocking his lips.

Adrian smiled and nodded. "No!" He chuckled softly, rubbing Nicholas' hot lips. "I am totally reserving it for later. And it will also benefit you."

"Really," Nicholas chirped, kissing on Adrian's beautiful hands. He grabbed them and planted soft sweet kisses on them. He loved kissing every part of Adrian's body. He just couldn't get enough of it. "I was hoping I'd get one now and then another later." He paused on his kisses and started looking at Adrian with lust in his eyes.

"Well, I was reserving it for later. Now let's go."

"Hmm," Nicholas chirped, slowly moving on his chair. "Sexy and...demanding," He gulped. "I love it a lot."

"Isn't that how you love me?" 

"I love you in any mood."

Adrian chuckled and then slapped his husband's hand softly. He would have slapped harder but the last thing that he wanted was to hurt him and make him look vulnerable. He just wanted him to smile and be happy. But coming here was making him a little nervous. He was hoping to find the answers that he was seeking. If it was true then...Jake and his family knew about it and they were trying to do something or get the company.

"Shall we?"

Adrian smiled and then slowly opened the door. Even when he was moving out of the car, he had his eyes on the wonderful hotel building. That was when he got a full view of it. It was really tall and looked elegant and beautiful. Though he couldn't count the number of floors, he was sure there were over 50 floors. It was really tall.

The hotel itself had a really bright white color and it sparkled. It was all glass and nothing else, which made it even more radiant. The label itself was magnificent and attracted Adrian's attention. He couldn't help but read the whole thing, "Nic Mill group of hotels." Juts reading it made him even more happy because he knew his husband owned it, which made it his also.

Moving his eyes away from the wonderful hotel, he looked straight and saw a beautiful glass door and he even got a peek of what was inside but he was not gonna believe it until he was inside, enjoying its luxury and comfort. 

OMG, there were quite a number of people and it looked like a car company due to the many cars that were parked. At the far end was a huge pool and there were some people over there, enjoying their wonderful time. It sure was one beautiful and luxurious hotel.

Adrian could swear that even the air smelled wonderful and beautiful. He raised his nose and then sniffed in the wonderful smelling air, drawing it in his nose. It might seem childish but it sure made him happy and overexcited at the same time. Sure, he had seen about two of Nicholas' hotels and they were beautiful but this one was really more beautiful than them.

It had a beautiful garden on the far left, a huge green house and the tress looked like they were in a forest. Whatever it was that Nicholas had done with the hotel was really beautiful. Even the environment itself was magnificent. He just couldn't stop staring, not even for a second.

Nicholas slowly looked at Adrian and then walked to him. He loved the look on his face and the surprise that was written on it. He knew Adrian loved the place a lot but he wanted to see the look on it after he tells him the news that he was gonna tell him. 

Nicholas slowly walked towards Adrian and then wrapped his arm around him, chuckling softly. The boy didn't even take time to look at him but he understood. If he was in his place he'd have surely done the same because the place was just that good. In fact, he hadn't changed it at all. It was just the way his father left it after he died. 

"Very soon I'll change it." Nicholas chuckled.

"What?" Adrian exclaimed, still looking around the place.

"I said I'll change it."

"Why?" Adrian now looked at his husband and wondered what exactly he was talking about. "What do you want to change?"

"I don't think I like it."

"It's beautiful." Adrian said, enjoying the warm hand on his shoulder. "Why would you want to change such a beautiful hotel? I don't think it's a great idea."

"What?" Nicholas gasped, moving his other hand to grab the boy's waist. "I didn't say anything about the hotel. I was talking about the name of the hotel. I don't think it suits the hotel so I am going to change it to something even better."

Okay, first off, the guy was definitely crazy. What could be more beautiful than owning a hotel or a company with your own name? Changing the name would definitely be a bad idea. 

"Why would you change it?" Adrian asked, giving him a look of worry. "I think it's a wonderful name and it was made by father. Don't you think you need to honor him?"

Nicholas sighed and then moved both his hands on Adrian's waist. Then he brought him closer and held him in front of him. Now his cock was pressed against his ass and it felt wonderful and magical. He really loved it a lot.

"My love," Nicholas moaned, slightly closing his eyes in pleasure. "I don't think you get me. My father taught me that you need to do anything for the one you love. I think he'll not understand me but he'll be proud of me."

"Meaning,"

"Meaning I don't like the name of the hotel." He chuckled and then squeezed Adrian's waist. "It doesn't have your name on it."

"What?" Adrian quickly turned and faced Nicholas. Nicholas' hands never left his waist and they were still electrically powered. He loved how they felt on his waist. He wanted to kiss him right there for suggesting what he had suggested. Now, Adrian would a hotel name? It was just lovely and super exciting.

"Do you like my suggestion?"

"I love it." Adrian said as he got closer to Nicholas' face. He knew he had told Nicholas he was reserving him for later but after wonderful news like the one he had given him, he couldn't wait anymore.

"I think Adrian Nic group of hotels would be nice."

"Anything that you suggest is absolutely beautiful." Adrian moaned, grasping the back of Nicholas' head.

Nicholas chuckled and then stared deep in Adrian's eyes. He was getting turned on and he loved looking into those wonderful hypnotizing eyes. They were calling to him and he had no idea if he was gonna wait for Adrian to kiss him. Feeling Adrian's face so close, breathing on his face while a hand was rubbing the back of his head was turning him on too. He loved how it felt and he couldn't wait anymore. Even his cock was enjoying the feel of it.

"Can I kiss you now?" Nicholas breathed, literally begging the lovely boy. "You're simply driving me crazy. I don't think I can wait for you to do it inside."

Adrian chuckled, feeling his lips twitching in need of Nicholas' wonderfully sweet lips. Maybe he needed them more than he had thought he did.

"I can make an exception." He chuckled.

That was Nicholas' ticket to pleasure world. He took the hint and then grasped Adrian's head. Then he brought him closer, dipped his head and then caught those wonderful waiting lips in a wonderful, fiery kiss which made him warm. They kissed for almost two minutes right there in the open.

When they eventually stopped, they were staring at each other as if they had just met and were falling in love. They never spoke but it was clear that they were speaking through their eyes and nothing else. The way their eyes were twitching and the way their smiles and chuckles made the mood beautiful was really lovely. Nicholas knew he was in the open but he didn't care.

"Mr. Miller!" Nicholas heard a man gasp but he was too occupied to even respond.

"Mr. Miller!"

Nicholas snapped out of his mood and with one look of lust moved his eyes to see the hotel manager looking at him with a happy smile. He loved seeing him again.

"Mr. Jefferson." Nicholas said softly. "It's good to see you."

He then moved his hands from Adrian's waist to his shoulder, giving it a tight squeeze. He felt happy visiting the hotel again with his husband for that matter. He hadn't visited it since he got married but he made sure he managed it really well.

"Welcome sir," The manager said, coming closer. "It's been quite a while since your last visit and you didn't even tell us you were coming. Otherwise, we would have given you a grand welcome."

"There is no need for that." Nicholas chuckled. "Actually, I did not plan on visiting. Something important came and I..." He paused and then stared at Adrian who was smiling brightly. "...actually I came here with my husband."

"Husband," The manager chuckled, eyeing Adrian. "I knew you were married but I never knew you married such a handsome boy."

It was just a compliment so Nicholas didn't find any fault in it. The man was just trying to be nice and he loved the fact that the manager called Adrian handsome. Looks like he was not the only one who saw the beauty of the boy,

"Let me introduce you."

The introduction began and Adrian smiled all the way. He loved the mood of the manager and he seemed really happy. It wasn't even long and everything ended. They went inside where Adrian's eyes almost popped out of the socket. 

Fuck, the hotel was really beautiful. It was a beautiful modern day hotel with every luxurious thing. There were about five chandeliers with glass and traces of gold in them. They were really beautiful to Adrian's sight. The whole lobby was lovely and it was huge. There were couches, counters and he could very clearly see the hotel from afar. There were quite a number of people and the kind gesture he received from the workers was lovely.

The crazy guy introduced him to everyone as his husband and part owner of the hotel. It was really lovely and in no time he was surrounded by many people who were greeting him for getting married to Nicholas Miller, a famous business.

Adrian found out that it was not only the workers but other people as well that came to greet him. They were not there to see Nicholas or anything but just him. He loved the respect they gave him and also the praises that followed. There was nothing he loved more than that. It felt beautiful and the respect was the most...amazing.

After what seemed like an hour, they moved and went to the reception to get the keys to their room. They only had two small bags since they had only planned to stay for not more than three days, if things go well. Then after Nicholas told the manager to give a room to his driver, they both went upstairs to room 502 and then they were finally in the room.

Entering the room, Adrian couldn't stop staring. It was really beautiful, luxurious and big. It had a huge bed...a huge TV...a huge bathroom and everything was perfect including the color. There was also a picture of Nicholas and some other people which Adrian found interesting.
