 Julian walked into the bar. The end of the world had wiped out most of the human world and so monsters walked amongst the humans. Most modern conveniences had been destroyed between the accidental nuclear war and the mass retaliations that followed. The immortals and the few surviving humans were doing their best to rebuild the world but there was much debate on how that should be accomplished. 

The world had turned back to its original Pangaea form and most of the old empires were returning to their former glory. Werewolves and Vampires had conflicting views on how that should happen. All the other beings, fell somewhere in between the Wolf and the Vampire empires. New London was one of the few places where there was not as much turmoil. 

Myths might be the only thing holding this secluded city together. Myths and legends that foretold of a union between the first Vampire and a Wolf born just for him. The wolf would bring peace to the people. The Vampire would keep the Wolf's power in check. 

~*~*~*~

Julian smelled Vampire and Werewolf in the bar, not getting along but able to live in the same place together. Separate but equal living with demons and humans as well as a few oddities here and there. The large Vampire approached the mahogany bar. 

"O negative please" He purred in a low lust voice. 

The busty blonde human girl flushed upon seeing the handsome man. "Would you like it cold? I can warm it for you if you would like." 

Julian smirked, like every female she was all too willing to please. "Warmed would be preferred." 

The bar tender watched the sexy Vampire with unyielding interest. He was built like a muscular dancer, beautifully toned without being bulky. He was perfect, his body was chiseled from perfect white marble. His nose was something most in the old world would have paid to be blessed with. Those lips, they looked so soft. They were full and yet she knew they would taste like passion. She would have scarified her dying breath to feel those lips all over her body. 

Julian knew he was being watched as ran a hand through his shoulder length blonde mane. Hearing the petite busty female whimper a little before she was jerked from her drooling by the high pitched ping of a microwave. 

The Vampire's overly sensitive ears perked at the leap of her heart. It was too tempting to not tease the slutty female. He stood up revealing his well-cut stomach as it peaked out from behind his red silk shirt. Deep red, red that would have put a heart sacrificed by the Aztecs to shame. His tight black leather pants clung to his firm ass not leaving nothing to the imagination. 

"Do you need anything else? I promise I would do anything to keep you happy" The girl flushed at her own forwardness but didn't back down. 

Julian shook his head no, "Sorry pretty, not interested. However a bed for light hours would be nice." Julian wouldn't have died in the sun. It was just considerably painful. He had heard once that the Ancient Vampires could withstand the sun and it had only shocked their children when the world had gone through its first period of light hours. The light hours came when man was created and the Ancients hadn't bothered to pass the ability to withstand light onto their creations. Seeing as Julian wasn't one of the mythical Ancients he needed a place to hid out and slip into what he had come to know as sleep.

The bar maid nodded and watched the sexy Vampire down his blood in one swig. "What name should I put the room in?" 

"Julianadre, you have no need for a last name as I am paying up front in cash." He handed her the current world currency and she tucked it into the folder. "Also if it is not too much trouble I would like a wakeup call when the sun sets. I have yet to cover a lot of distance." Julian didn't know where he was heading; only that he was searching for something. His search had drawn him here, forcing him to spend the day time here. Julian didn't remember anything before the world had ended. Apparently he had lived through it. Ever since then he had just been wandering aimlessly. 

He had thought his journey was for his missing uncle, but that notion had died some years ago. He hadn't really thought about the man lately and assumed he was dead, or simply not wanting to be found. Julian knew he was searching for something else and something about this bar lead him to believe he was very close. 

The girl nodded and led him to his room. Julian looked at each guest before leaving. One could never be to overly careful. Despite the uneasy peace between Vampires and Wolves in this town, this was a no animal bar. He only caught a slight hint of animal as he passed up the stairs. It was as if someone was trying to hide the fact that they had been near a dog. He smiled, Julian's nose was powerful even for a Vampire and he prided himself in his ability to notice things others could not. 

Room 13 was no different than any other room the Vampire had stayed in recently. It might have been a bit cleaner which was nice considering Julian was a bit of a clean freak. He began to remove his clothing. The Vampire rested his loaded pistol on his nightstand. He leaned over and removed the dagger from his assassin boot and tucked it under his pillow. The night was at its darkest point and soon it would be morning. Julian started to settle in when a noise caught his attention. 

~*~*~*~ 

Romulus snuck into the bar, drenched in Vampire stench and a large black over coat. He would have much preferred to be around all the wolf killers in his four legged form but that was clearly out of the question. Rom, as he preferred to be called had been on the run for a few years now. He had escaped his old master and was drifting from town to town. 

The Werewolf had finally settled down somewhere in the newly formed mountains, though his den was well hidden. He was the protector of a human village, the only remaining world that still believed monsters were only alive in nightmares. Rom planned to keep it that way. 

The large Male took a seat in the shadows fading into the wall so that he could watch and listen better. Rom hoped he would see what he had come for, what he had risked his life for. For some time now Romulus had felt lost, he had contemplated ending his unnaturally long life. Sure the wolf had grown up like any other, but he seemed to be perpetually frozen at 25. Rom assumed all wolves had this issue though he did not know since his entire life he had been kept as a prisoner. 

Romulus had been sold as an infant by his father for reasons unknown to the boy. He didn't even know what he was back then. Rom had first shifted when he was 16 wolf years and he had startled an audience by shifting into his wolf. Rom had been used by his owner as a pit bull, a gladiator and a personal soldier and bed warmer. He had been trained in the Coliseum of New Rome and used for entertainment. 

The boy had eventually reached sexual maturity in the eyes of his master, 18 human years and 13 wolf years. He would sell him to anyone looking for a night with a warm young looking body. He was of legal human age and so this particular cruel twist of genetics made him a favorite toy. Rom's body told his painful story all too clearly. His bronzed Italian skin was a mess of scars. His once beautiful strong face forever marred by a scar tearing through one of his purple eyes and trailing over his dented nose down to his full lips. 

Romulus had felt draw to the bar earlier but now he couldn't see any reason why. The amethyst colored eyes flicked around the room taking in all the sinful beings. Romulus had never met a kind being that he could recall. Not that he could remember his few short years before his master. Those had been beaten out of him. 

Rom's hood hid his jet black spiky hair which was the same color as his wolf fur. Inside the lone wolf beat the heart of a warrior. It was reflected in his overly bulky build. He was thick and toned a built killing machine. The new world needed to organize or end. For the moment the wolf would have been more pleased with the latter. 

He was the power hungry type and in his mind there was no empire worth salvaging, and no war worth fighting. If he didn't find a reason, and soon the wolf would simply fade into nothing. Rom had been looking to find someone to share his life with, to share his new world order with. No one even held his interest for more than an inhale, let alone long enough for them to get out a few words. 

A scent caught the interested of the wolf's nose. He inhaled and exhaled, something familiar and yet something new and exciting. The scent belonged to the large Vampire flirting with the human bar maid. Normally Rom did not look twice at any one being and yet something about this Vampire demanded his attention and insisted upon his respect. 

Against his better judgment the wolf rose from the shadow and silently followed the Vampire up the stairs. He had made it to the hall way when a familiar click shook him to his core. 

~*~*~*~ 

The Vampire had a gun aimed at the cloaked figure's head. The gun made the familiar clicking sound and the being he was aiming at turn it's head. His jaw dropped a little at the creatures stunning beauty. His eyes traced the being's facial scar. The Vampire inhaled the distinct rustic scent of wolf. He had never encountered a Werewolf before, and now here he was face to face with the biggest thing he had ever heard of. 

Anyone looking at the impossibly large figure would know he was a soldier; from his cocky posture and fearless attitude even when in a place that was forbidden to him. The Vampire couldn't help but feel a stir in his groin as the Were smiled. The wolf wasn't intimidating or gross like so many Vampires had proclaimed. If anything the wolf seemed safe and familiar. 

~*~*~*~ 

Rom knew the Vampire wouldn't shoot. Even if he did it wasn't like it would matter. The wolf wasn't afraid of death and silver seemed to be a rarity for guns these days. "If you are planning to kill me I suggest the silver blade strapped to your foot." His eyes traveled suggestively over the Vampires body. He watched him shiver at the growl. Whoever this Vampire was he was sexy as hell. His toned body and long hair caused Rom's voice to drop, something meant to signify to others that he was a prime breeding candidate. "Unless of course you happen to have silver bullets?" 

The Vampire put the gun away seeing as the animal wasn't attacking. "I do, one can never be too careful." He smiled sheepishly, the scent of the large male was starting to spread now that his hood was down and his cloak hung open. The Vampire grabbed the wolf's rough hand and drug him into the room. "You know your kind is forbidden to be here?" He asked suddenly protective of the stranger. 

Rom looked out the window to the full moon. He was able to shift from wolf to human whenever he pleased, but his wolf was stronger under the full moon. His Human was strongest in the new moon and varying stages portrayed by the two halves of the same whole corresponded to his shifting. He wondered if he shouldn't have been on all fours for this meeting. 

"I'm Romulus." He offered his hand and the Vampire took it. "Pretty rare for a Vampire to have silver bullets." 

Julian as he preferred to be called thrust his chin in the air "Yeah well I am an unusual Vampire." 

Rom nodded "I figured, I wouldn't have followed you if you were not intriguing." 

Julian gulped "Followed me?" He asked wondering if there was more. 

"Calm down Vampire, from the looks of it you could handle yourself anyway." His purple eyes took in all the places where his nose told him a weapon was hidden. "So Vampire, you got a name or am I to just keep calling you by your species?" 

The blood Julian had drank earlier crept into his pale high cheeks "Julianadre, although you can call me Julian." He relaxed in the big Wolf's gaze as if it was what he did on any given night "Sorry for pointing the gun at you. Like I said you can never be overly careful. Not just with Wolves but anyone. I have Vampire weapons too." 

Now that Rom was sitting Julian could see the effects of war carved into the Wolf's body. There was almost no fat on him. He was littered with scars on his broad chest, one deep one ran from heart to navel. His well-defined hips sloped suggestively into his pants and Julian couldn't help but stare. His Amber eyes glowed a little in his desire to be between those powerful legs. 

Rom let his cock press into his pants watching the beautiful creature looking him over. It had been a very long time since someone had looked his way with desire. His mind drifted back to the slutty bar tender and he wondered if the Vampire was honestly interested in someone like him. Despite Julian's sexual preference Rom was not in the habit for apologizing for taking something he wanted. Since his escape he had done as he pleased and lived life without regret. 

"Would you like a drink?" Julian offered, "I trust you not to try anything when I am drunk though for the life of me I cannot fathom why. Just know that I do know how to kill and will not hesitate if this proves to be a severe lapse in judgment." 

Rom watched the sexy Vampire's ass swish as he walked to the bar "No thanks, I don't take drinks from strangers. I would never hurt you Julian, I just felt compelled to come talk to you. I felt the need to confess who I am to you and maybe you would understand whatever it is I feel so destined to do." 

Julian nodded and reseated himself in the chair opposite Rom. 

Rom realized he was staring and averted his gaze. Normally if he wanted to admire the view he would, if he wanted sex he would have sex willing participant or not. Rom had never felt love, he had always lived in a cold world kill or be killed and yet here he was being lured in by a Vampire that looked as though he would put up a fight if need be. 

"I am a built and trained hunter, and yet I am probably the most hunted monster in this god forsaken land. I am Rom, the escaped murderer from Rome. 

There is an unimaginable bounty on my head and for the last few years I have been wandering aimlessly. I feel the need to start wars and kill but currently I lack direction. I found out some time ago that there are beings willing to keep the species separate. Beings that want me dead for some reason or another. My life has never been mine and yet I feel like I am meant to do something with it. The underground government uses figure heads to control other beings." 

Rom motioned to the metal hoop around his neck "They tried to control me and I broke free. As much as I hate life in any form for it has been nothing but cold to me, I don't like the fact that we are all mindless sheep. That's why all the fighting. They are either tests, or population control, or simply just life realizing their needs to be competition. As far as I know I am the only one to fight out of the mind control but the fact that you have silver bullets makes me wonder if maybe you have too. Everyone here on this planet, in the bar is playing one big game of checkers whereas the government and I are playing chess. They are trying to keep things the way they are. They want Wolves and Vampires and humans and hell whatever else is out there to kill each other." 

Rom decided to keep secret the fact that the escape had damaged his memory. He had been left with nothing positive to remember. It was the last ditch effort at the preservation of separation and the ongoing feud. If Rom was to escape with only pain and suffering memories then it was likely he would never become the leader he was destined to become. Instead of leading the world out of post-apocalyptic darkness Rom would drown himself in it. 

Julian took a sip of alcohol as he listened. It was all a strange theory to him but one that made sense. Most of the beings he encountered seemed to never think for themselves. They were so full of hate for something they didn't understand. "I am sorry; I do not know enough of the world to help you. I was in the mountains away from all of this. My uncle was killed and I decided to come down. The moment I set foot off of the mountain I was attacked. I may have lived here before the end, but I can't recall. I only have about two years of memory at best. I have only been off the mounted for seven nights." 

He smiled "Luckily for me I remember or at least my body seems to remember being trained to fight in almost every possible style and situation." 

Julian's eyes lingered on the Wolfs only patch of hair on his chest. It peaked up over his pants as if leading the way to where Julian's mind with the help of the alcohol was slowly heading. He felt the cruel heat of passion sweep over his thighs and into his groin. Something about the forbidden being across from him was driving him mad. It had to be that he had not been allowed an outlet for his lust in sometime. Julian suppressed his desires and leaned in on his knees. 

"Perhaps I might be able to help you. I play chess, I will admit I am probably not that good but I do play. I am also a good fighter and it might help keep you alive if you had a partner." 

The Vampire's heightened senses had sensed the heat radiating from the Were's groin. Clearly Rom was just as needy as he was. He knew the wolf could probably smell his frustrations just as easily. Before Julian had thought to sensor himself he confessed his desire. "Maybe I could help you with other things too." 

Those bright amber eyes traveled from Rom's groin to his eyes. That needy look made the wolf shiver. He had felt the pull and smelled the desire but doubted either one of them would mention it. 

Julian held the aggressive gaze of the wolf for a moment, transfixed "I have skills you cannot possibly imagine." He was curious to see how the seemingly cocky wolf would respond. Julian knew he was flirting and teasing, but that was just how he was. Despite being a trained assassin Julian often played with his food. 

"So how do we do this? Do we need to build an army or something or is this like going in quietly and just killing the bad guy?" Julian realized he had already lumped himself in with Rom. He was lonely and lacked focus and the Wolf seemed to be willing to offer him a purpose. Even if that purpose was not meant for him. 

Rom thought for a moment "You know, I never really thought about what I would do if I ever tried to fix things." He bit his lip. Rom had wasted his few years of freedom looking for now answers and just going on a mindless killing spree. He killed anything that was stupid enough to try and attack him first. "You must have missed a lot up in the mountains. Some of the ancient empires have resorted back to their old ways. Some are favorable to Wolves others to Vampires. Some empires are all human or all demon. I know there have been a few phoenixes. There is such a big mess in the world and so much wrong I don't even have a clue where to begin." 

Julian waited for Rom to continue and when he didn't he rested his hand on the wolf's knee. He wanted to know everything about the wolf. He wanted to see what the Rom seemed to not be able to remember. 

Rom sighed figuring he might as well confess his secret now. "Truth is, I only have about seven total years of memory. I have no idea how old I am but I know I forget most of it. I don't even know myself Julian, perhaps I am not good company to keep. I am hunted, because I was a slave to a Roman king. I was told he picked me up from an orphanage. He did unspeakable things to me, and then one day he realized I was a good fighter and a good guard dog. The guards were cruel, the masters were crueler. I don't remember anything other than the pain I endured and even that is shaky at best. There is just so much hate in this new world. Monsters are harvested for entertainment and fuel. Humans are farmed for our food. They are trying to pit everyone against each other so that they will be the only ones left standing when the smoke clears. I can't even remember who they are." 
