 *This is a fictional story. All participants are 18+

*

--Brandon takes his brother away for the weekend to give in to feelings they both have for each other. During the road trip Brandon finds out about Matty's fetish.-- 

Just as the road narrowed and any sign of civilization faded into the background Brandon felt his bladder give a nudge. He ignored the need for several miles before it became an unbearable sensation he would have to take care of immediately. He looked to his left where Matt sat quietly in the driver's seat tapping the steering wheel to the beat of a song he clearly knew, but Brandon had never heard. Satisfied that Matt was concentrating on the road Brandon reached down and grabbed an empty water bottle he had known better than to finish off before a long road trip. Brandon quietly and carefully brought the bottle to his crotch, opened his fly and let the head of his dick rest against the bottle's opening. The sound of piss hitting against the plastic was louder than Brandon expected, and to his disappointment, Matt noticed.

"Sorry, had to go," Brandon said sheepishly. 

Matt shrugged. "I could have pulled over."

Brandon shrugged back and continued to fill the bottle, trying as hard as he could not to sigh at the relief he felt getting rid of all that liquid. When he was sure he was done he capped the bottle and put himself back together. When he looked up Matt was watching him. "What?"

"Hand it to me," Matt said with a slight crack in his voice. 

"It's already pretty full, you might want to find another one," Brandon suggested, but handed Matt the bottle anyway. Matt set it between his legs, keeping one hand on the wheel and his eyes facing forward, he unscrewed the cap and lifted the bottle to his lips. "What are you..." Brandon started to protest but light yellow liquid was already draining from the bottle. Matt was guzzling his piss like it was a cold beer on a hot summer day. Brandon stared at Matt, mouth agape, words lost. He remained in stunned silence for several minutes before he finally found his voice. "What was that?"

"What?" Matt played dumb. Brandon nearly punched him but he didn't want to cause them to wreck so he pointed at the empty bottle instead.

"You, I mean you guzzled." Brandon faltered. 

"Yes."

"Why?"

Matt was quiet for a beat. "I was thirsty."

Brandon opened and closed his mouth a few times before actually coming up with a reply. "Did it taste good?"

"Yes."

Matt didn't seem to want to elaborate any further so Brandon dropped the subject. At least for a little while. They arrived at their destination just after the sun had gone down over the horizon they seemed to be chasing. 

"Was that the first time?" Brandon asked when they had stepped inside their hotel room. 

Matt turned to face Brandon and smiled. "Is that the actual question you want to ask or was there something else you wanted to know?"

"That's it, for now," Brandon answered.

"Yes and no."

Brandon waited for more information. Matt let out a deep sigh. "It's the first time I've drank someone else's. I drink mine sometimes."

"What made you do that?"

"Today, or at all?" 

"Both."

"Do you really want to discuss this? "

Brandon knitted his brows together and cocked his head to the side. 

"I like it." Matt blurted out.

Brandon was not letting it go. "What about it do you like?"

Matt sighed and put his hands on his hips. "Are you purposely torturing me?"

Brandon stood rooted in place. "You started it baby brother. Did you honestly think I wouldn't have questions? And your answers haven't been helpful. I want to understand."

"At first it was just curiosity. I saw a report about it on some show about taboos. I decided to try it. Then I found out it's also a sex thing, a fetish and it became something I did when I wanted to get off and the usual means weren't getting me, horny. It gives me an adrenaline rush to think I am doing something 'wrong,'" Matt explained. 

"So when you saw me filling the bottle it made you hard?" Brandon teased.

Matt stood up and brushed past Brandon heading toward the bathroom. "You know damn well everything you do makes me hard, Brand." He said slamming the door behind him.

Brandon let Matt stay in the bathroom for a long time before he knocked on the door. "C'mon Matty you can't hide in there all night." After a few minutes the door opened and a still angry Matt stood on the threshold of it.

"What are you doing Brand?"

Brandon wanted to point out Matt had started it but he knew that would only make him shut down completely. "I'm sorry I'm not sure what you mean." "Really." He added as emphasis, because he didn't.

"One bed?"

"Oh." He was about to lie but Matt had just opened himself up and he just couldn't bring himself to say anything other than the truth. "I lied, about this trip. There's no conference. It's just you and me, alone."

"What do you mean?" Matt stared at Brandon with wide eyes. "Is this like, some sort of intervention? Are mom and dad gonna knock on the door in a minute? With some shrink in tow?" He looked around the room for dramatic flare.

"God no." Brandon looked around the room mimicking Matt's reaction. "Just us, alone, here in the middle of nowhere." He smiled, hoping Matt would return the gesture. He didn't.

"Did you expect me to be overjoyed by this?" Matt asked when he saw Brandon's face fall from its proud smile to a disappointed frown.

"Honestly, yes," Brandon answered. "I mean, I just told you I brought you here to sleep with you, I sort of hoped you'd be at least a little happy about it."

"You may have thought you said that, but what I'm hearing is that we had to drive 10 hours and check into a hotel in the middle of nowhere for you to sleep with me when all you had to do was walk down a hallway."

Brandon shook his head. "I was trying to be romantic, you threw me off."

"So it's my fault?" Matt snapped at him.

"No. Look." Brandon looked down at his fingers and fidgeted. "When you did that. In the car. It took me by surprise. And it wasn't so much that I thought it was, wrong, I know that's bad to say because you probably want me to say I found it gross, but the thing is, I didn't. And I didn't understand why. So I panicked and asked a million questions about it and forgot everything else."

Matt was looking directly into Brandon's eyes. Brandon hoped the love and embarrassment he was feeling were coming through. Matt's face softened. "Sorry. And, you are terrible at romance."

"There's a nice restaurant downstairs, you up for that?" Brandon smiled, feeling the tension subside.

Matt nodded and returned the smile. "Let me throw on some different clothes."

The restaurant was quaint and nearly empty. The host gave them the look they always got when they ate dinner together. It was that inner game of 'are they a couple or not?' Because despite being brothers they didn't look a lot alike. Sometimes they played along, walking close together and eyeing each other lovingly. Tonight Brandon was playing at full power. He had slipped his hand into Matt's, their fingers binding together as if they were always meant to be that way. Matt's red cheeks and downturned eyes reminded Brandon of how many times he caught his brother staring at him, thinking Brandon hadn't notice.

Matt loosened his grip on Brandon's hand and he realized they were stopped at a table. The host was standing by it waiting for them to sit. "Sorry." Brandon gave Matt's hand a squeeze before letting go of it.

Dinner was much better than they had expected and they left the restaurant full of food and wine and thankful for mundane conversation about sports and politics and things not having to do with them. 

When they returned to their room they were holding hands again. They had walked past the host, through the lobby and stood in the elevator going up three floors with their fingers intertwined. It made Brandon feel a sense of danger, showing affection in public. He understood what Matt had meant about needing the excitement of doing something wrong. Not only were they in the middle of nowhere, two men holding hands in a town they were uncertain they were safe to do so in, they were brothers. If these people only knew, Brandon thought as he caught people staring in their direction.

Matt let go of his grip on Brandon's hand and smiled "I'm gonna brush my teeth," he announced before stepping into the bathroom, leaving the door open. 

Matt was standing at the sink when Brandon stepped in with him and stood by the toilet. "I gotta piss," he announced as unzipped his pants. Matt continued to brush his teeth. Brandon could see that Matt had a good view of him in the giant bathroom mirror. He kept his eyes on Matt who was doing his best to continue with his task. Brandon let out a deep exaggerated sigh as piss flowed into the toilet. 

By the time Brandon had finished his show Matt was leaning over and splashing water on his face. Brandon stepped behind him. 

"You were watching me," Brandon said quietly. "Did you like it?" He lowered his voice and reached his arm around Matt's waist. Matt jumped when Brandon's hand squeezed against his crotch. "You did," Brandon growled into his ear.

Matt closed his eyes and sucked in a breath. He let it out slowly, carrying a warning with it. "Brand."

"What?" Brandon closed his hand a little tighter on Matt's rock hard cock making him jump and tighten his grip on the sink. Brandon watched him in the mirror, taking extreme pleasure in how quickly Matt was losing his resolve. He was struggling to breathe normally, each breath coming out in short bursts. Matt's dick danced under Brandon's touch. "What should we do about this?" Brandon's voice remained a low growl.

"Get on your knees," Matt said as a sort of half command half plea. Brandon complied. "Suck it." Matt croaked out. Weak. Brandon gave a sly grin and reached up to unbutton and unzip Matt's jeans. He carefully pulled them down past his hips and to his knees. 

Brandon's face was an inch from Matt's crotch. The material on his briefs was damp and fighting back against Matt's hard dick. Brandon made quick work of those, happy to see that a long string of pre-cum had begun to drip from the head of Matt's dick. He licked his lips and wrapped them around Matt's hard on .

Matt's body tensed up and Brandon heard him suck in a deep breath. Matt had a patch of Brandon's hair in his grasp and it made Brandon pull him closer. He nearly choked but kept up the steady rhythm. 

"God Brand," Matt moaned through gritted teeth. "Yes. I'm coming." Brandon tightened his grip on Matt's hips and he kept going. Their collective groans and grunts heightened until Matt was convulsing against the bathroom counter and shooting cum into Brandon's mouth."You're very good at that," Matt said with a smile.

"Was there any doubt?" Brandon teased, standing up.

Matt led Brandon to the king sized bed in the middle of the room. He climbed under the covers and waited for Brandon to slide in next to him. 

"We haven't shared a bed since we were kids," Brandon pointed out as he undressed himself and climbed in. "You used to get so scared at night. Beg to sleep next to me." He paused and smiled. "Huh."

Matt looked at him and smiled back. "What?"

"I just realized, you were never scared. You just wanted to be in bed with me."

Matt's face turned beet red and he looked away. "Not always. Sometimes I just needed my big brother next to me, protecting me."

"College." Brandon said the word after a long silence. 

"Hm?" Matt sounded half asleep.

"My first blow job." Brandon propped himself up on one arm.

"Ah. Makes sense. I learned a lot in college too." Matt chuckled.

"I get it," Brandon was still talking in short sentences.

"Get what?" 

"Being excited about doing things you're not supposed to."

"Is that why we're here? Is that what this is about?"

Brandon sat up all the way and faced Matt directly. "No Matty. We're here because I got tired of pretending."

"Pretending?"

"That I don't want you, too." 

Matt had clearly decided he was done with all this talking. He tossed the covers off both he and Brandon's naked bodies and climbed onto Brandon as if he were mounting a horse. He smiled. Brandon smiled back at him. "You don't even know what I'm smiling about," Matt teased. 

"Don't underestimate me Matty. I know you better than anyone. I've seen that look before. It's the same look you used to get when you did something mom told you not to. The one you got when you jumped your dirt bike over the giant canyon in our backyard. It means mischief, and I'm about to be part of it, as usual."

Matt laughed. "You do know me well. Remember that time I wanted to be a rodeo rider?"

Brandon nodded. "You were convinced it was your calling. You hadn't even ridden a pony let alone a wild horse."

"Yeah well, I've ridden a lot of things since then." Matt's smile grew and he leaned forward getting right next to Brandon's ear. "I last a lot longer than 8 seconds." 

Brandon's cock twitched. 

"Fuck me Brandon, and don't stop until I tell you to."

Brandon wasted no time doing what Matt told him to do. He never did, even if it meant trouble for both of them. Brandon's cock was throbbing and bulging and begging to be paid attention to. Matt reached behind him and guided Brandon into him, slowly sitting down on his cock until Brandon's hip bones were against his ass. "Yes," he cried out as Brandon moved against him, shifting his weight up and down under him. 

Matt's body was a combination of goosebumps and sweat and his moans and cries for more drove Brandon to the brink. His cock continued to grow and pulse and he knew he wasn't going to be able to hold on much longer. "Come for me baby," Matt encouraged him. "I'm coming," Brandon cried out. Matt gave a hard tug on his own cock and followed Brandon, shooting cum all over his brother's stomach and chest.

"That was kind of amazing," Brandon said between short breaths. 

"Kind of?" Matt had collapsed against Brandon's chest and looked up when it vibrated against him as Brandon spoke. 

"More than kind of," Brandon amended. 

"Better."

Brandon always felt a tinge of sadness when checking out of a hotel. It always meant he was going back home, back to work, back to reality. That morning was different. It had more implications to it. He and Matt had spent the weekend in this small town where no one knew them. They had spent their days shopping and eating and talking to the locals and their nights making love until they collapsed in a bundle of bliss and sweat and exhaustion.

Matt stood next to him holding his hand, one last time, he thought. They thanked the clerk, took their bags and exited the lobby heading toward their car. "I'll drive," Brandon offered and Matt nodded in agreement. When he climbed into the driver's seat Brandon caught sight of the empty water bottle and was reminded of how the trip had started. It wasn't exactly how he had planned it in his head, but at least it ended well.

Brandon pulled the sedan onto the highway and they were on their way back to the place where everyone knew them. Their collective silence was a clear sign that both of them knew what that meant. It was back to hiding, back to keeping secrets. Back to the real world.

Just as the city came into view Brandon reached over and grabbed the empty bottle. Matt watched him as he uncapped it and held it at his crotch, as he had done the first time. The sound of piss against the plastic echoed through the car and this time Brandon allowed himself to sigh in relief. Bladder emptied Brandon raised the bottle to his lips and tipped it into his mouth. One sip, he had made a promise to himself that he would try one sip. He handed the bottle to Matt and smiled. "Drink up."

Matt took the bottle gladly. He made show of putting it to his lips and tipping it back so that he could drink every drop. When it was empty he handed it back to Brandon who smiled at him.

When they pulled into the carpark of their apartment building it was dark, and late, and they were road weary. They quietly dragged themselves up to their third floor apartment and stepped inside. Home. Matt closed the door behind them. Brandon was watching him, grinning like someone who had just stolen something and gotten away with it. 

"What?" Matt asked with a chuckle.

"Just thinking about all the ways I am gonna fuck you, in every room of this apartment."

Matt returned the smile and laughed nervously. "I was afraid you'd left your desire for me back in a hotel room hundreds of miles away."

Brandon stepped forward and pressed his lips against Matt's ear. "Matty. I'll never stop wanting you. I promise."