 I always thought of myself as a woman only kind of guy. I am not sure what happened but for the past year I have had the urge to be with a man. I was seeing a woman but it was an on and off sort of thing. I would see some guys working out in the gym and my eyes would be glued to the bulge in their shorts. I knew I had to do something but I didn't know how to go about it.

One of the guys in my office was getting married. There was going to be a bachelor party and all his co-workers were rounded up and urged to attend. I barely knew Tom but I said I would show up. Sure enough when the party arrived it was a big bore. There were some guys from work and some of Tom's friends and relatives. I was sitting there drinking a beer and listening to one testosterone story after another. A good looking guy with light brown hair sat down next to me.

"It sure sounds like a lot of BS to me," he said.

I laughed. It was one guy after another trying to impress the rest with his skills in bed. 

"I'm Karl, a cousin of Tom's," he told me.

"I'm Jeff." We shook hands.

We talked for just a few minutes and Karl asked me if I wanted to go over to his apartment. He lived just a few minutes away. I figured what the hell. I was tired of this lame party. Karl and I said our goodbyes and I followed him to his place. His apartment was nicely furnished. It was clean and didn't look like where a single guy lived. Karl offered me a beer and we sat down on the couch.

"Can I ask you something?" He said to me.

I nodded my head.

"Are you gay by any chance?"

I nearly choked on my beer.

"What makes you think I am?" I asked him.

"You just look like you might be looking for a gay partner, sorry if I offended you."

"I'm not offended, I have to admit I have had thoughts about men lately."

I could barely believe I was confessing to this stranger that I was thinking about sex with other men.

'It's okay, I was once like you. Women didn't work for me anymore and I wondered what it would be like to be with a man."

Karl moved closer to me on the couch. I just sat there not knowing what to do. Karl made all the moves. His hand went to my thigh and he started to rub me. I just let him do it. I also let him move close to me and kiss me on the mouth. It just felt natural. I opened my mouth and our tongues met. Before you knew it Karl pulled me closer to his body. He began to unbutton my shirt. He pulled my shirt away and he worked on the button of my trousers.

Off came my pants and Karl managed to get my underwear off as well. Karl stood up and he stripped for me. When he was finally undressed I was looking at his long, thin cock. Karl pulled me to my feet. His arm wrapped around my waist and we kissed once more. Our cocks were brushing against each other. I have to admit I was getting hard from all the friction. Karl did pull away finally and he led me down the hall to his bedroom. Once there, Karl got on his back and urged me to join him.

All at once I was on top of Karl. I could feel our cocks touching once more. It was if we were having a sword fight. I never thought it would actually come to this. I was finally in bed with another man, with a man who wanted me. 

"I need fucked Jeff, it's been awhile for me," Karl told me.

Just like that Karl drew his legs back and exposed his hole to me. I didn't have a rubber with me. I didn't really want to enter a man with my bare cock. I didn't know what else to do. I took hold of my dick and I rubbed my mushroom against Karl's opening. Karl let out this low moan. I slowly pushed against his hole. I felt my head slide into his sphincter. I started to pump into Karl's bottom. I was surprised that I was easing into Karl's ass. It felt so smooth.

It seemed like a few minutes had passed and I had all eight inches of my cock inside Karl. Once I was in the whole way, I rested my dick allowing Karl to get used to me. Karl was panting like crazy.

"Don't torture me Jeff, fuck me hard."

There it was. I started feeding Karl every inch of my prick. I knew I was inside him the whole way. My balls were slapping against his ass. I never thought having man sex could feel so good. Karl's ass muscles were gripping me tight. I took hold of his legs and I pushed them towards his chest. I stretched my legs out and I punished Karl's ass with my love muscle.

Karl's hands were on my hips as I slid my prick in the whole way. I must have fucked Karl like this for a good half hour. 

"Let go of my legs," Karl urged me.

I dropped his legs and Karl wrapped his thighs around my back.

"Make it hurt Jeff," Karl pleaded with me.

I gave Karl the deepest cock strokes I could produce. Karl was crying out as I drove my pole into his hole as far as I could. I kept thinking about all I had missed by not trying out men before now. I only wished I could have kept hard for my lover forever. The time finally arrived when I felt I was going to unload. I tried as hard as possible but I felt that hard pinch in my balls. I buried my cock inside Karl and I unloaded.

Karl screamed as my hot milk hit his bowels. I must have had a big load stored up. It felt like I shot five or six good squirts inside Karl. His ass muscles tightened around my rod and he made sure he got every drop of my cream from my prick. I eventually slowed down and Karl and I tried to calm down from our hot lovemaking. I kept my dick inside Karl as we had a final kiss to end our fuck session.

"Thank you Jeff, that was so hot!" Karl told me.

I did finally pull out. We held each other for a long time. Karl did get up and go into the bathroom to clean himself. When he returned we held each others naked body in bed.

"I hope that wasn't a one time thing between us," Karl said to me.

I told him I would love to be with him again. I wanted more than just a one time fling. I stayed that night with Karl. In the morning we had sex one more time. This time Karl made me hard with his mouth. Karl then mounted me and he lowered his ass until the tip of my cock met his opening. I pushed my hips up and Karl slid down onto my pole. My cum was still inside Karl. It felt so much easier this time around. I was pumping my dick into Karl's greedy hole as he lowered himself onto my rod.

I had my hands on his hips as we worked against each other. I didn't have much of a load to give him this time around. It didn't matter. Karl slammed down hard onto my dick and he let out these moans of passion. I fired a small amount of my cream into Karl. Karl sat down on my dick and squeezed out what little cum I had left in me. I knew there was no way I would be going back to women.

Karl and I are now regular lovers. I am mostly a top but I have experienced Karl's cock in my ass. One night Karl said he wanted me to feel his cock. I got on all fours and Karl entered me. It did hurt as Karl took me hard with his long dick. He did fill me with his hot seed at the end. I told him afterwards that I would be willing to take his cock again just like that.

I am sorry I waited so long to try sex with another man. If you are thinking about men as well, don't wait as long as I did to have man sex.