 Rom had trained himself to be a light sleeper. It had saved his life on multiple occasions, and now he used it to protect his bedmate. Romulus woke every few hours to make sure Julian was alright. It was sometimes difficult to tell since Julian was becoming more chilled with a lack of food and he didn't breath. When Rom was satisfied Julian was still sleeping he would kiss him gently and push their bodies closer together in an attempt to become one. 

Romulus dreamt of his mother telling him of two star crossed lovers who would alter the world in the hopes to restore peace and order to the chaos. Only the new world was to be better than the old in that man, beast, vampire and shadow would live as one and usher in a new world order. The continents would all shift and two sides of the same whole were destined to keep the balance of life and death, good and evil going. 

She kissed him on the forehead and he startled awake once more. He could tell it was night fall but he didn't want to wake Julian just yet. He was enjoying the view, the smells of his vampire and the feel of the perfectly cool marble flesh against his own heat. Rom kissed him and tucked Julian's hair behind his ear so he could see his entire face. Rom pulled Julian closer putting his face in the Vampire's neck and closed his eyes. The strong scent of the cold being soothed all worry Rom could have been feeling.

Suddenly the hair on the back of Rom's neck stood up and he growled a low thunder rumbling from deep inside his throat that reverberated off of his chest. He felt his arm break and stretch with a snap beneath Julian and he tried to remove it without disturbing him. Rom's body erupted; flesh flying everywhere and turning to dust before it hit the ground. Left in place of the scared human skin was jet black fur with white streaks indicating where he had been wounded and healed over with human scar tissue. It made it nearly impossible to hide, even as a wolf. 

Romulus's wolf form was big even for a were. He could still pass for a large wolf or be mistaken for a massive German shepherd due to his black coloring. He pulled his wolf lips back in a snarl and another loud growl snapped through his body escaping the confines of his teeth. He waited for the intruder planning to kill it the second the door was open. 

Tandie looked a little confused, she had thought her sister had said the sexy vampire had been alone and needed a wake up call. He was clearly having sex last night from all the noise complaints received. Tandie wasn't sure if he was loud when he used his hands but she thought she had heard another male voice. Now all she heard was a dog. Disgusted she rolled her eyes and knocked on the door, the hotel had a strict no pet policy. Like so many others she never would have thought a Vampire would be seen with a Were. 

"Mr. uh Smith? Umm this is Tandie from down stairs... umm you said to wake you up at five tonight... and umm I would uh open the door but your dog doesn't sound very happy and we have a strict no pet policy so I am afraid it will have to leave." She paused; Tandie hated anything on four legs and site unseen the Vampire was so not worth the extra cleaning. "Mr. Smith?"

Tandie didn't realize that had she opened the door she would have been face to face with a rather large black wolf. His wolf form had an almost Mohawk running down his back his hair was standing up and his ears were pinned back. He was a scary spitting mass of fur ready to kill. 

Tandie's heart was thundering in her chest as she debated on weather or not to confront the snarling dog and wake the guest. Maybe he wasn't as frightening as he sounded. Her sister had always been telling her to give animals a chance. Not that any animal would get in the way of her sex life. If in fact the vampire was as good looking as her sister had said.

Julian smelled the female and the sounds of his lovers snarling had finally cleared the last notion of sleep from his head. He ran his fingers through Rom's bristled fur surprised by how soft he was. "Shhh baby, it's alright" He whispered noticing his lover's pointy ears flick recognizing the sound. "I ordered a wake up call that's all." He patted Rom's large head flattened ears and all. Wrapped in only the white cum stained sheet, he had his hand on the door. Julian pointed to behind the bed knowing a large wolf would probably be assumed to be a Were. 

Rom obeyed unable to silence his snarling. He was spitting with fury but knew he needed to relax or risk exposure. He crouched down out of sight and waited. 

Julian opened the door letting the hall light flood into the dark room. His hair was tousled from his lovemaking last night. His lips were still somewhat swollen and he smelled heavily of the wolf's semen. "Sorry, I swear I could sleep through anything."

Tandie smirked, her eyes roaming over his body. She was wet just imagining him in here with another male. Hopefully he was bisexual what a waste for him to only swing in one direction. "That is quite alright" She trailed a finger down Julian's chest "We just don't allow pets here and your dog doesn't seem safe for our other guests."

Tandie twirled a strand of copper hair around one of her long bony fingers. She tried to innocently peer into the room and get a good look at the animal. Animal or no animal it was clear to see this vampire was mouth watering. "You could always chain him up and have a little fun with me?" She offered before lowering her eyes to his feet. She briefly thought about stammering how she was never this forward but thought better of it. 

"Sorry miss, but you are lacking a vital organ required to pique my interest." Julian heard Rom snort and assumed he was laughing. Had it not been for the fact that every female in the bar had drooled over him the night before Julian might have found Tandie humorous as well. "My... pet and I will be leaving shortly I didn't know about the rule." 

Julian was about to shut the door when Tandie pushed it open. The move elicited a snarl from behind the bed. The human's eyes darted there but she smiled. "Let me help you pack then." Tandie placed her warm hands against Julian's chest and pushed him back into the room, closing the door behind them. "God I haven't had a good fuck in a long time. Make my night baby and I promise not to say anything about the broken rule." She tilted her head to the side exposing her neck. "I'll let you bite me Vampire, anything you want as long as I get this big cock inside of me."

Julian pushed the female off. He didn't know that much about Romulus, but he did know that Rom wouldn't enjoy a female all over his vampire. Julian almost rolled his eyes at himself. Now he was considering himself Rom's vampire. He was so screwed. "You better go before something bad happens" he snarled. "I'm hungry which you can feel and I don't eat and let live." 

Tandie hesitated for a moment. She knew the vampire felt a bit cold but it wasn't anywhere near the starved danger level yet. "I don't think you would do that to me." she pushed again knowing Julian was too much of a gentleman to hit her. Looking up from where Julian had rolled her, Tandie looked deep into purple pools of rage. "Wo..wwo wo wolf!" She yelped. "WOLF!" she shrieked backing up into the door as the large black animal leapt form behind the bed. She needed to be silenced.

Julian had frozen, he could have easily taken down the female but like Tandie's intuition had told her, he wouldn't hurt her. Julian had been raised to be a gentleman. He had known Rom wanted to stay unseen and was cursing himself for not pushing the female off. 

Romulus made no distinction between genders. When he had been enslaved he killed whatever he had to in order to survive. This female was no exception, she was threatening his cover. He knew there were wanted posters for him in the village and the girl had probably seen them. 

Tandie landed on her back, the huge wolf's paws on her chest. There was a distinct white line on his face. Purple was also not a common eye color even for his kind. "My sister said you might be lingering. I just never thought a sexy vampire would be caught dead shacking up with scum like you. Get off me, before I scream and alert everyone to your presence." Romulus growled.

Tandie opened her mouth and screamed. Rom did what he was trained to do. He silenced her. Rom's powerful jaw clamped down on the girls throat cutting her shrill shriek off in gurgle noise. Blood gushed up from her throat and rolled down her pale cheek. 

The wolf snorted and looking over at Julian, he took a tentative step forward. Knowing someone was a killer and seeing them kill were drastically different. 

Julian's eyes darted towards the door knowing her final scream had been loud. He grabbed their things off of the floor and chair. "We need to go." 

Rom's tail wagged. He leapt through the glass window taking the light blocking curtains with him. The beings on the street stared, pointing at the beast whose picture was on the wanted posters.

Julian jumped out after his wolf. His leather pack was fully stuffed with Romulus's things as well. "I can keep up." 

Rom took off as people stared, some of them followed but only for a town or two. Rom lead Julian off of the main roads and into the wilderness. They ran for hours before the large wolf slowed to walk out the rest of his adrenalin. 

Julian stopped on a dime despite the muddy forest floor. Being a vampire meant that he was a much more graceful a runner than the four legged Rom. He tilted his head wondering why Rom stopped here. "You don't have to stop for my sake. I can keep going." Julian stated. "Hell the only time I've been tired was last night after sharing a bed with you." He smiled.

Rom's tongue lolled out of his mouth and even in wolf form it was easy to see he was sporting a wolfish grin. 

Julian rolled his eyes before noticing a run down building with a vacancy sign. Rom turned his head noticing it as well. "We should regroup, and figure out a plan of some sort. Neither one of us really seems to have any other direction other than survival." 

Rom paced back and forth. In his human form he could disguise himself. As a wolf, everyone knew what he was. His wolf picture was on the wanted posters and the white lines where he was scared gave him away. Switching from human to wolf was painful, but it was quick. The pain and energy needed to completely transform your body was stashed away and if you were a powerful were; shifting back to a human wouldn't be as difficult. Rom wasn't powerful, he was an escaped slave. He sat down, wishing he could communicate to Julian that he couldn't be seen, even if the Hotel was sleazy and pet friendly.

Julian looked at Rom "I am assuming there is a reason you haven't shifted back into a human."

Romulus nodded.

"I know people recognize your wolf form, so hold still." Julian reached into his pack and produced some white powder. "You never know when it will come in handy." Julian poured powder all over Rom causing the wolf to sneeze. "Don't shake, it makes you look grey and more... dog like." Julian kissed the wolf's nose. "I swear, being good in bed or not, I never thought I would kiss the wet cold nose of a wolf."

Rom growled playfully. 

"Oh I'm terrified." Julian laughed walking towards the hotel. 

Rom nipped his ass. He couldn't wait to be inside of him again. 

~*~*~*~

The old hotel manager eyed the shabby grey dog. "Can I help yer?" He asked. 

Julian patted Rom's head. "I require a room for me and my dog."

The man eyed the vampire "Well it will cost extra for the... dog did you say? Look sir, we don't mind illegal sex if he is a werewolf."

Julian looked calm, the high pitched voice was hurting his ears and he could not imagine it was pleasant for the sensitive ears of a werewolf. "I'm strait, this is my dog Bruno."

The man thumbed through a book. "Alright well your dog is dirty so we will have to charge you ten extra zades for the clean up."

Julian handed over the cash. "Fine, I just want privacy." 

The man handed him a key and pointed down the hall. "Last door on the left." he stated.

~*~*~*~

Julian closed the door behind them. "Extra cleaning my ass this place is filthy. I'll have them send up fresh sheets." Julian moved to make sure the window was well sealed. He made sure no one could see in and light wouldn't be painful to him come morning. "I'll be right back; I hate not having clean sheets." 

Rom paced nervously. He didn't like being separated from Julian. Just incase something happened he wanted to stay in wolf form. Julian returned and Rom flopped down on the floor in relief. "Miss me?" He teased. 

Rom snorted, he wouldn't let on how much Julian meant to him. That would mean he was open to getting hurt. 

"I am going to go take a shower. I'll leave you to your phasing and if you want to join me?" Julian arched an eyebrow.

Even in wolf form Rom started getting aroused. He whined looking antsy. 

"Alright, horn dog." He teased dropping his clothes on the floor and closed the bathroom door.

Rom lay down on the floor, not wanting to dirty the fresh sheets that had seemed so important to Julian. He felt his bones compact and twist. His flesh burned and pealed away taking the dark fur with it. Romulus's large form lay sprawled out on the filthy floor. He was drenched in sweat and the lack of food had not made this particular phase any easier. He would need to hunt soon, take another life form's energy to make the switch faster. It wasn't good to be on the run and left weak. 

Wolves could eat human food, but being brought up as a slave Rom's body was used to feeding off of warm freshly killed flesh. His legs shook beneath him as he staggered to the door. The steam from Julian's bath engulfed him, soothing some of the pain in his recently molded muscles. 

"Mind if I share with you?" He asked quietly. Speaking over the water would have expended too much energy and he was thankful Julian had above average hearing.

"I already said you could." The seductive smile in the vampire's voice was irresistible.

Rom stepped thankfully into the raining heat. "I'm sorry for killing the slut so violently. I would say it's not like me to kill in that manner but it is. I tend to loose my temper and I enjoy the kill. Blame it on my upbringing, but I was taught to make a good bloody show of things." The blood and dirt washed off his shaking frame.

Julian looked his partner over; he didn't like thinking of the powerful man having any weakness. "It's alright. I think my brain was on vacation. I don't usually kill the unarmed but it needed to be done. I'm not as squeamish as you seem to think. I kill for my food same as you. I'm a little less messy about it but I am no stranger to death." He traced a finger down Rom's form. 

"I wouldn't change a thing about you. I wish shifting wasn't so difficult because I care about you." Julian kissed Rom gently. He didn't question what he and Rom were, he just did what felt natural and kissing Rom was what he felt like he wanted to do. "Lean against the wall love, let me take care of you and wash this gorgeous body." 

"If I wasn't so beat, I would be hard as a rock with you touching me." Rom grinned before closing his eyes. He moaned and growled in pleasure. 

Julian squirted some of the nice bath wash he had brought with him onto a soft washcloth. He rubbed the tense muscles on Rom's back. The vanilla jasmine froth was rubbed into small circles on Rom's scarred back. He hated seeing all the damage that had been done to Rom. It showed everything that he had lived through. 

He moved down to Rom's firm ass admiring how toned he was. There was not a single inch of fat on him. Julian had never really given too much consideration to what his type was. His little bit of thinking had lead him to believe he would like to be the larger male in the relationship. If in fact he was even interested in men. Julian was by no means a small vampire. He was large and toned from years of fighting. He was thick and muscular and Rom made him look small even though Julian was slightly taller. Rom was larger than anyone Julian had seen since leaving the mountain. 

He knew beings tended to favor muscles but Rom's were intimidating. That was why Julian had fallen so fast for him. He knew Rom needed a real man, a man he didn't have to be afraid to take roughly. "God you have a nice ass" Julian moaned appreciatively. He put his fingers in the dimples on his man's rump. 

Rom's head rolled as he growled, he didn't know how to feel about being touched there. He had gone through so much but he relaxed in Julian's smooth hands. 

Julian wrapped his arms around Rom's thick lumberjack waist. His hands slid all over Rom's firm abs and pecks. He smirked "why didn't I notice you were pierced last night?"

Rom laughed and stood up strait turning around to face Julian. "You were too eager to have my big cock buried in your tight ass." 

Julian showed Rom his teeth in a growl and Rom growled back. It sent a shiver down Julian's spine seeing the predator he was washing. "I think you are the eager one."

Julian kneeled and cleaned Rom's foot rubbing up his thigh and stopping before he got to his thick hard organ. "Down boy." He stuck his tongue out and licked the tip of Rom's slit, before continuing down Rom's other thigh. "I swear your body doesn't understand how to make fat." 

"It does, I just happen to burn it being on the most wanted list." He watched Julian roll his eyes, the vampire's pale fingers contrasting his Roman bronzed thighs. "I don't think I could go down if you threatened to cut it off." Rom stated as he placed a hand behind Julian's head pushing him closer to his groin. 

"Guess your feeling better." Julian teased licking the underside of Rom's shaft. 

"Better enough." Rom's chest rose and fell slowly. His eyes burned with lust hotter than the heat coming off of his cock. 

"Beg for it then." Julian smirked looking up at Rom watching his knee's wobble. 

"I don't beg" Rom pushed insistently forward. 

Julian backed off and stood up. He shrugged "I like bottoming for you, but we're equal. If you can't beg then you must not want it... I would beg for you." He nipped Rom's pierced left nipple feeling Rom grind into him. 

"I know we are equal..." The massive man inhaled sharply. He had done so much begging in his past life and those were only the few years he could remember. He vowed not to make himself the type to beg for anything. "Please, please suck my cock." He whined.  

Julian pulled Rom's face down to his, kissing his lips. "Not so bad, keep going."

"Please, please, uhhh please Julian let me feel your mouth on my cock. Make me cum all down your throat." Rom jerked as Julian slid down his body. 

"We'll work on it." Julian devoured Rom's cock hungrily. The heat of his hard flesh radiated in his mouth. His hands manipulated Rom's firm cheeks as he swallowed more and more of Rom's cock. Julian was thankful he didn't need to breathe. This little vampire privilege helped him to get all of Rom's thick nine inches down his throat. He knew he was starting to get cold and the heat from the shower water helped to keep things warm. 

Rom felt himself disappear inside the vampire. His skilled tongue took the water collecting on Rom's flesh and swirled it down his throat as he sucked. He felt the cool tip of Julian's nose buried in the fur above his cock. The startling mixture of heat and chill pushed Rom over the edge quickly. He growled and thrust his hips into Julian's face. 

Hot thick globs of cum cascaded down Julian's throat. It was the first time he had tasted a male in his mouth. He moaned appreciatively. The taste was salty and bitter. Rom's flavor engulfed his entire mouth with rustic overtones. Julian licked his lips gently bathing his man's cock free of any lingering cum. 
