 This is my first attempt at a story, and includes some of my favourite fantasies, as well as some elements of my previous experiences. Would love to hear any feedback, good or bad, especially if you're a Daddy, and like this story, maybe we can get together and make our own. Enjoy! 

*

I had been going to the local YMCA after work for about a week now, I was trying to bulk up a little bit to impress my girlfriend. I'm a pretty slim guy at 6 feet, and 150 lbs. I certainly wasn't in bad shape at all, I just wanted to get a little bigger and tone up a bit. I had always known I was an attractive guy, and many people had also said as much, but despite that I had very little luck with women. Erin was my first long-term girlfriend, and accounted for all of my sexual experience to this point. 

I was 20 years old now, and had been dating Erin for 3 years, we got together towards the end of senior year in high school. I had always been called cute, and I think my red hair had something to do with that, I also looked a good deal younger than my age. This didn't seem to popular with high school girls, as they all seemed interested in guys over 18 who they could go to the bar with, (because girls never get ID'd) Erin was the first girl to ever really show any interest in me. I had always been a shy person, and Erin did most of the initial flirting, and making of moves that brought us together. Since that time my confidence had grown quite a bit, but I was still quite shy by nature, and generally quite sheepish in a conflict. In fact the only other people that had shown interest in me sexually were gay men, particularly older gay men. They definitely seemed to find my red hair and boyish looks attractive, and I had been the target of more than one advance. I had never considered sex with another man, but I was somewhat flattered all the same, still I wish it had been girls giving me the attention. 

After 3 years together I knew that Erin was the girl I was going to marry, and I had been saving up money for an engagement ring, but Erin had expensive tastes, and I knew that the ring had to be a good one. Erin was very patient with me when it came to sex, we didn't have sex for the first 4 months of our relationship, and when I was finally ready, she was very kind in bed, and helped calm my nerves. Over the years as we became more comfortable with one another, and discovered what each other liked, the sex got increasingly better, and by this point we were having incredible sex, and as often as we could. We both had the same sexual appetite, healthy and frequent, but nothing bordering on nymphomania. Erin was a pretty girl, long blonde hair, great big blue eyes, and a pretty nice body, I felt lucky to have her.

As I finished my workout the week was finally catching up to me, and I felt extremely sore. I decided I would go into the sauna and hope the heat helped soothe some of my muscles. I liked going to the Y late at night as it tended to be quiet, with not many people around. As I stepped into the sauna it was completely empty, and I decided to take the opportunity to sit back naked, and let the steam do its work. I took a seat on one of the higher benches and stretched out. As I was leaning back I knocked my towel off the bench and onto the ground, I couldn't reach it so I had to stand and bend over the bench with my ass pointed up in the air, right at the doorway. Sure enough as I was in this precarious position I heard the door to the sauna open, I quickly grabbed my towel and turned around to look at the door. An older man walked in alone with a towel wrapped around his waist, the door closed behind him, he had clearly gotten quite the view upon walking in, and was now staring at my naked cock with a smile on his face. I quickly sat down and covered my lap with my towel, a bit embarrassed. The man made eye contact with me still smiling and took a seat on a bench opposite me.

I would have guessed that he was in his late 50's, early 60's. He had mostly grey hair, with a touch of dark hair barely remaining, that only wrapped around the sides and back of his head. He had a full beard, that like his head, was mostly grey with only spots of it's former dark colour remaining. He was about 5'11, and definitely on the heavier side, maybe just under 250 lbs. What hair the top of his head lacked, his body more than made up for. His body was covered in a thick layer of fur, all over his chest, and bulging belly, unlike his head the hair on his body was mostly dark and had retained its colour, though there were a few grey hairs mixed in. His legs looked equally thick with hair as well. He clearly noticed my embarrassment and my quick covering up with the towel,

"It's okay, I don't mind, we've all got the same equipment anyways." He continued to stare and smile at me.

With that he removed his towel exposing a very large cock, it was soft but must have been about 6 inches limp, just a little more than mine measured fully erect. I also noticed that his hair didn't retreat from his groin, and seemed to really cover him all over. I quickly looked away, but he had definitely noticed me looking, still he simply smiled and stared at me. His stare was beginning to make me feel uneasy, I could tell his eyes were looking over my body, and he didn't seem to care that I noticed. I tried to ignore it, and just get back to my steam. From my peripheral vision I could tell he was still staring at me, eventually I looked up at him, and saw that he was indeed staring, but he was also stroking his cock. I was in shock and couldn't help but look, it was fully erect now, and probably 10 inches long, and at least twice as thick as mine. It was standing straight out from his thick nest of dark pubic hair, with a large pair of hairy balls hanging below it. Still stunned I looked back up to his face, we made eye contact and his smile grew a little further, as he winked at me.

"That was such a nice view I had when I came in, wanna show me again?" he asked in a deep voice.

I shook my head no, and quickly looked away again. He didn't allow that to stop him, as I could still see and hear him playing with his cock while staring at me. I could hear him breathing heavier, and increasing his pace, and occasionally letting out a deep moan. I finally gathered my courage, and decided I had enough steam, and it was time to go. I stood and secured my towel around my waist, I couldn't help but look in his direction again, he looked hopeful upon my standing. I also couldn't help but look at his very swollen cock, the head was turning a dark red colour, ad I thought he must be getting close. I looked back to the door, and began taking quick strides towards it. I again glanced towards him, and he looked let down that I was not walking in his direction. As I continued towards the door, he stood with surprising speed for a man his age and intercepted me. 

Without saying a word, he pushed me up against the wall, my back slammed into it rather hard, knocking the wind out of me a bit, as he ripped my towel from around my waist. He pressed his large belly against me, my thin frame being surrounded by its girth, and easily held me in place with his weight. The combination of being winded and shocked left me feeling effectively paralysed. I could feel his hard cock hard pressing against my leg, and noticed he was still stroking it at a rapid pace. I'm sure the look on my face was one of shock and terror, but he smiled as he looked at me. Still wordless he used his free hand to grab my face at the chin, and forced his mouth onto mine, before I could react his tongue was in my mouth, wrestling mine for dominance. He grunted a few times into my mouth before moving away. He placed his forearm across my hairless chest ensuring I would stay put, he stepped back removing his body from mine, and looked down at his cock. Finally he let out a loud groan, I looked down just in time to see him point his cock up slightly at my body as he shot a thick jet of white cum onto me. It landed on my lower chest and stomach, and was quickly joined by another, than another, and several more, it was an impressive amount of cum for a man of any age. I felt mortified as he looked back into my face still smiling, the final few spurts of cum left his cock, hitting my stomach and my cock.

"Stay put," He instructed me.

I still felt too shocked and scared to move, he leaned down towards my body and started licking his cum from my chest and stomach. He dropped to his knees and sucked up all of his cum that was dripping from my balls. He stood again and grabbed my face like before, he squeezed my cheeks to open my lips, he then moved his mouth to mine, and began forcing his cum from his mouth into mine. He shoved his tongue back into my mouth, making sure I tasted his cum very thoroughly. There was so much I had no choice but to swallow, he made a pleased grunt when he noticed I had swallowed it. He pressed his large belly back into my body and kept kissing me so forcefully. I finally got my senses about me, and tried to push him off, but that was useless, his weight made it easy for him to overpower me. I tried to force his tongue from my mouth with my own, but he seemed to either like my struggling, or mistake it for me attempting to kiss him back, as he groaned and increased the force of his kiss. His large hands were rubbing all over my slender frame, he would rub all over my chest, pinch a nipple, then move his hand down my stomach until he firmly gripped my limp cock and my balls all at once. He gave them a hard squeeze which made me squeak in pain. He chuckled a little into my mouth before finally breaking his kiss. He looked me in the face again,

"Mmmmmmm, good boy." He said in his low husky voice. "God you have such a hot fucking body, and such a cute face under that red hair, a perfect boy." He continued to praise as he ran his hands all over my body. "I've seen you every night this week, I was wondering when I'd get some alone time with you, and now I want more. My name's Jim, but you can call me daddy." He kissed me again with force, "See you again soon son."

With that he grabbed his towel from the bench and left the steam room. I still felt so shocked that I stood with my back against the wall in the same place for what must have been another 5 minutes. I suddenly became aware of the remnants of his cum on my body, the cum he didn't collect to make me swallow was beginning to dry into a solid crust. I picked up my towel and began to wipe off what I could, I was definitely going to need a shower, but I was too afraid to leave the steam room in case he was waiting for me. I let another 20 minutes pass, the heat was becoming unbearable and I was feeling light headed, so I left the steam room. I slipped into the showers which were empty and cleaned myself off. As quick as I could, I dressed and got the hell out of there!

When I got home, Erin observed that I had a long workout today and congratulated me. Though it had been my idea to start working out, Erin had become something of a coach, and was excited by the prospect of me getting into better physical shape. For the next 3 days, I skipped all of my workouts, too terrified to return to the Y. Erin was starting to get mad, she told me I was being lazy, and I needed to stick with it, and that I'd better get back to the Y the next day, especially since I'd paid for a years membership. There was no arguing with her, and I certainly wasn't going to tell her what had happened during my last visit. 

As I arrived at the Y that next night, my body felt numb with fear, every corner was turned with great trepidation. After about 30 minutes of working out and not seeing Jim, I started to relax a bit, I hoped that he had stopped coming here after I was a no show for 3 days. Then suddenly I looked up, across the room staring at me, it was him, and he was giving me that same smile. I quickly looked away, but was sure that a look of fear had taken over my face. There was only one other person in the entire place, and she was a less than attractive middle aged woman. For the rest of my workout Jim seemed to be following and observing me from a distance. As my workout was winding down, the 3 days off were starting to show their effect, and my muscles were screaming they were so sore. I didn't dare go back to the steam room again though, I made for the locker room, but knew that I couldn't get away without showering. I did as quickly as was possible, I finished and began to head to my locker. The room was eerily quiet without a single person in sight, this only served to scare me more. I felt like a character in a horror movie, just waiting for him to pop out from every corner and grab me. I made it to my locker safely, and began to get my clothes out to change. As I dropped my towel and stood naked, almost on cue, a man cleared his throat from behind me. My heart nearly jumped right out of my chest, and I turned to see Jim standing there in nothing but a towel, his large hairy belly over top of it, and a wicked smile on his face. 

"Ready for another steam, sauna buddy?" Jim asked in a playful manner.

"Sorry, no sauna for me today." I replied.

"Oh, so he does speak, why not?" Jim took a step towards me.

"No time, gotta run." I started to pull my underwear on.

"You were working out pretty hard in there, I think you need a good steam, come on, it will be fun." With that Jim dropped his towel revealing his already erect cock.

"No can do." I finished putting my clothes on.

I started to move away from him, and hoped to slip out, just as I was about to pass him, he reached out and shoved his hand into my pocket. The next thing I knew he had my wallet and was looking through it. My drivers license was his goal, and it was certainly easy to find.

"So my son has a name, Todd Richards, 123 East Fairmont, great that's an easy one to remember." Jim smiled at me.

I reached for my wallet, but he quickly puled it away. I tried again, but he lifted it above his head, and I crashed into his hairy belly. He wrapped his free arm around my waist and held me in place against him.

"Mmmmmm! Maybe my son Todd does want to go in the sauna with me after all." Jim sounded thrilled.

I again tried to reach for my wallet, but as I did, Jim grabbed the back of my head, and forced his mouth onto mine, his tongue was in my mouth before I even realized what was happening. I pulled away, but he quickly moved his arm back around my waist, squeezing me so hard against him that air was forced out of my lungs. I could feel his hard cock poking me in my groin, and Jim grinding it against my jeans for friction.

"Come on boy, make your daddy happy." He kissed my neck.

"I gotta go! Can I please have my wallet?" I pleaded.

"You've already kept me waiting for 3 days baby, I don't think I can wait anymore." He continued to kiss and lick my neck.

"I really have to go!! Please just give me my wallet." I was begging now.

"Okay son, but you have to do a few things for me first. Follow me." Jim began to walk away.

"I'm not going in the fucking steam room!!" I was fuming mad.

"I know son, watch your mouth. Just follow me, it'll be quick." He disappeared around the corner.

I had no choice, I followed him. We walked down a few rows, then turned into another row of lockers. Jim stopped and opened what was apparently his locker.

"Okay son, I'm gonna have to jerk off tonight without you around, so I wanna see some more of that body, then I can picture you while I'm doing it." Jim smiled wickedly again.

"What?! You've gotta be kidding me?! What else do you want?!" I yelled a little too loud.

"Shhhhh, you'll find out son, one thing at a time. I wont touch you, just show me. The quicker you do what I want, the sooner you get your wallet. Or I could just throw it in my locker and close it up?" Jim threatened, "well?"

"Okay." I relented realizing I had no choice.

"Good, now take off all of your clothes again." Jim ordered.

I did as I was told. Stripping all of my clothes off as quickly, and unattractively as I could.

"MMMM! I love that young body. Now I want you to stare at my cock, and play with yours until it's hard."

"I can't get it hard, I'm terrified, my nerves are shot!" I protested.

"Well you'd better try, I've got all night." Jim smiled a little more.

I reached down and grabbed my cock, and following his orders looked at Jim's. I began to stroke, but nothing was happening down there. I was quickly getting frustrated, which only made my nerves worse. I tried to think about Erin, but the huge hard cock I was staring at made it hard to think of anything else. Jim reached down and started stroking his cock too, I saw a ton of precum oozing out of the tip, and covering it. Jim could see my frustration and relented.

"Okay baby, it's okay. I have another idea. Sit on that bench and spread your legs, keep stroking your cock.... good baby, just like that... Now put your finger in your mouth and say I love you daddy, I'll do anything for you." Jim waited for me to comply.

"I love you daddy, I'll do anything for you." I replied annoyed.

"MMMMM, good boy, again, but put more emphasis on the anything."

"I love you daddy, I'll do ANYTHING for you!" I drew it out just how I knew he wanted to hear it.

"Good boy, now turn around and get on your hands and knees on the bench, show me your ass son..... Yes, very good son... Now spread your ass cheeks apart with your hands and say it again."

I did as I was told. I could hear Jim breathing heavier, and the sound of him playing with his cock.

"Good Todd, now look at me over your shoulder and say, fuck me please daddy." Jim was panting heavily.

I looked back over my shoulder and saw Jim standing there jerking his huge hairy cock, and in his other hand he held a phone that was clearly recording me. I turned my head away quickly, but realized the damage had been done. I turned back over my shoulder,

"Fuck me please daddy." I said lacking enthusiasm.

"Like you mean it son, I want you to say it 10 times, and slap your ass after every time you say it, and make me believe it." Jim ordered again.

I did as Jim asked, he let me do it 10 times, telling me to slap my ass harder, and smile. Again I complied. After 10 times through, he told me it was not believable enough, start over. So I did it again, and as I reached number 8 Jim groaned and began to shoot his load, it fell short of me onto the floor of the locker room. Several more huge jets joined it, and I again was surprised at how much cum he produced. Jim groaned and grunted as he worked the last of him cum from his cock.

"Now get on the ground on your hands and knees and start licking that up." Jim said breathlessly, still filming me.

"No way!" I finally resumed my protest.

Jim just smiled a wicked smile at me and waited. Reluctantly I got down onto the ground and took a hesitant lick of the large pool of cum. I decided it would be better to get this over with quickly, and started lapping it up rapidly.

"Now show me some on your tongue, and you swallowing it." Jim started stroking his cock again.

I gathered a large amount into my mouth, and looked up into his phone camera. I showed the cum on my tongue, then swallowed it all down. As I did, I noticed Jim's cock had returned to a nearly fully erect state, this guy had the sexual appetite of a pubescent teenager, in a body a good 10 to 15 years older than my father. I gathered up the last of the cum that I could and showed it to the camera again, swallowing. 

"Good job son, I love you my little Toddy baby." Jim waited for my response, not wanting to have to order me to reply how we both knew he wanted.

"Thanks Daddy Jim, I love you too." I smiled weakly into the camera.

Jim smiled a big smile, and put his phone away. He passed me my wallet. I grabbed it and was already making for the door.
