 Note from the author:

This story contains depictions of forced sexual activity, punishment and pain. If you're offended by any of these, you might not want to read it. Otherwise, enjoy!

**************

As he hung limply in his bonds, Stephen choked back another sob. This was not at all how he had envisaged the evening playing out. He'd had a long day, and had been looking forward to a quiet night in with pizza and a good book. Instead, here he was, strung up by his wrists in his neighbour's living room, his body throbbing with pain, surrounded by three men, their glittering eyes teeming with lust and cruelty as they leered at him.

So much for a quiet night in.

------------------------------------

If Stephen could press the rewind button on his life, he would have gone back to the moment when he'd stepped out of his car and headed for his front door, the moment when he'd first heard the strange noises issuing from the house next door. In this revised version of events, he would continue straight on towards his house, let himself in, and ring for a pizza. An uneventful evening, the kind that always left Stephen feeling calm and content.

Unfortunately, that's not what happened. Stephen had never seen his neighbour before, and the noises roused his curiosity. It almost sounded as if...

Nosy by nature, Stephen hopped over the low wall that separated their gardens and crept towards the open window, where the noises seemed to be coming from. Thick green curtains obscured most of his vision, but a slight gap enabled him to peep into the living room, and witness the scene there.

Stephen's eyes widened. He had been right; his neighbour was indeed having sex, but this was not at all what he'd expected. Three large, well-muscled men were heaving and sweating before his eyes, moaning and groaning in a chorus of pleasure. One was kneeling on the coffee table, his dark head hanging down, while behind him, another pounded his ass in a furious rhythm. The third man, the biggest of the three, seemed to be presiding. A flogger in one hand and his cock in the other, he lashed the others over and over, only pausing occasionally to thrust his cock into the mouth of his kneeling friend.

Stephen felt his own cock stirring. He hadn't had the courage to come out to anyone yet, and the knowledge that his neighbour was gay filled him with excitement. Perhaps he should try to make friends one day.

He knew it was wrong of him, but Stephen couldn't seem to tear his eyes away from the scene. By now his cock was straining against his jeans, and he had the insane urge to whip it out and jack off right then and there. He had just firmly squished this idea when the guy on the coffee table happened to glance towards the window, and noticed Stephen, staring unashamedly through a gap in the curtains.

He froze. Everyone froze.

Fuckkk!!! Steven screamed in his head. Do I run? Or should I apologise?

That decision, however, was taken out of his hands. Before he could move, the man with the flogger had sprinted to the window, and Stephen found himself in a powerful head lock.

"Just what do you think you're doing, boy?" the man snarled. "Wanking over us, were you?"

"No!" squealed Stephen, quaking with fear. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to look, I just..."

"Just happened to be crouching beneath my window with a massive boner?" the man growled, making a grab for Stephen's crotch. "Do you do this often, punk?"

"No, I swear, I don't, please let me go! You're hurting me!"

"Yeah? Well I'll hurt you a lot worse in a minute, you'll see."

And with the help of the other two men, he hauled a struggling Stephen through the window, depositing him in a heap on the floor.

Terrified now, Stephen tried to plead with them. "I didn't mean to look, I swear! I live next door, and I heard noises, I didn't know... Please let me go!"

The man who had put him in a head lock turned to his companions. "What do you think? What should we do with him?"

"Let's fuck him, Rob. He looks cute." This said gleefully by the dark-haired man from the coffee table.

"I say he needs to be taught a lesson. See if he peeps into any more windows after that, " said the other.

Rob nodded in agreement. Turning to Stephen with a wolfish grin, he said, "Since your little appearance ruined our fun, I think it's only fair that you be the entertainment tonight."

"No!" Stephen yelled, making a dash for the window. But the men were too quick for him. His arms were held behind his back, and he was forced into a kneeling position on the floor. The window was pulled shut and fastened. Rob struck him hard across the face, then grabbed him by the jaw, squeezing so hard that Stephen winced.

"From now on, you will do everything we say, when we say it. It will be much, much worse for you if you struggle. If you're a good little boy and give us a good time, we'll let you go. Is that understood?"

Stephen said nothing. He was trembling, and on the verge of tears. All he wanted was to go home. Why, oh why had he been so stupid? Could he escape? Should he try?

His train of thought was abruptly cut off, as Rob's fist slammed into his crotch. Stephen screamed and fell forward, tears running down his cheeks as he doubled up, longing to soothe the pain but unable to free his hands.

Rob waited for him to recover before asking again, in a low, menacing voice this time, "I said, is that understood?"

"Yes," Stephen whispered. "But please don't hurt me again."

The men just laughed. "We'll hurt you when we want to, boy, and even more if you disobey. Now strip."

Terrified, Stephen complied, pulling his T-shirt over his head, removing his shoes and unbuckling his belt. He paused then, but a sharp look from Rob made him pull his jeans down and step out of them, revealing a pair of black boxer briefs and an obvious erection. The men whistled.

"Come here, boy," said Rob. "And lay across my lap."

Stephen paled. "But what - what are you going to do?"

"Don't make me ask you twice." Again that low, dangerous voice.

His face burning, Stephen made his way over to the big, hulking figure now sitting on the couch, and began to bend over his lap, gasping when he felt Rob's muscular arm pull him down, trapping him against his lap in a vise grip.

"Since we're getting cosy," said Rob, in a conversational tone, maintaining his grip on the squirming Stephen and producing a wooden paddle from behind the couch, "Let's get to know each other better. I'm Rob. That over there -" pointing to the dark-haired man, "- is Jeffrey, and that's Matt. You, however, are to address us as 'Sir' at all times. And you are...?"

"Stephen."

Smack!

"Aah!" Stephen yelped in shock as the paddle landed on his ass.

"Wrong! You're a sniveling fucktoy. And what did I say about calling us 'Sir'? Let's try again. What are you?"

Sniffling with fear and humiliation, Stephen said weakly, "I'm a - a sniveling fucktoy...Sir."

"And sniveling fucktoys get beaten, don't they? And suck cock and get fucked hard in the ass, don't they?"

"Oh please, no, please..."

"You never learn, do you?" Rob growled. With that, he yanked Stephen's briefs down to his knees and began paddling him in earnest.

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

"Ooh! Aaah! Ooow!" Stephen cried out, struggling pitifully in Rob's iron grip. "Please stop!"

But it went on and on. Stephen's ass went from pale to pink to bright red, and still the spanking continued. To his horror, he noticed Matt and Jeffrey taking pictures, their cocks pointing straight up as they laughed and sneered.

Finally, Rob relented, pushing Stephen off his lap and onto the floor, where Matt was waiting to haul him to his knees.

"I love seeing your butt all red like that," he said, squeezing Stephen's glowing ass cheeks. "Now show me how good you are at sucking cock. Do it nice and maybe I'll go easy on you when I fuck your ass."

Stephen shrank back as Matt thrust his cock towards his face. He couldn't believe this was happening to him, and was ashamed to see that despite his pain and disgust, his own cock was still rock hard. But he wouldn't let them use him like a whore. He had to maintain his dignity. Or what little he had left of it, anyway.

"Looks like he needs to be persuaded," Jeffrey piped up, as Matt continued to press his cock head against Stephen's stubbornly closed lips.

Matt clearly agreed. Dragging a kicking Stephen over to the coffee table, he cuffed his hands to a table leg, leaving Stephen kneeling with his ass in the air, and cutting off all further hope of escape.

Crack!

A searing pain tore through his ass, already tender from the harsh paddling Rob had given him. Twisting his head round in horror, he saw Matt raising his arm to strike again, and in his hand, Stephen's own belt.

Crack!

"Aaargh! I'll give you a blowjob, please stop!"

Matt paused, and Stephen felt a hand on his burning ass, caressing and squeezing. "I'm not sure if I believe you. Tell you what, I'll give you fifteen more strokes with this belt, then you get another chance to prove how much you want to suck my dick. Count each stroke. If you fail to do that, or fail to call me 'Sir', we repeat it all over again. Get ready."

Stephen held his breath as the first blow landed.

Crack!

"Aaaah! One, Sir!"

Crack!

"Aaaargh! Two. Two, Sir!"

Crack!

"Oooooow! Aaah...three, Sir!"

Crack!

"Aaaaaargh! Four, Sir! Oh please, it's too much Sir!"

Matt dropped the belt and seized Stephen by the hair, forcing his head back. "Did I give you permission to make inane comments?" he demanded. "You don't get to decide what's too much. We'll resume the punishment. That last stroke didn't count."

Crack!

"Aaaaaaaaaah! Four, sir!"

By the thirteenth stroke, Stephen was crying continuously, his erection long gone, only pausing to count out the strokes in a voice made hoarse from screaming. Finally, the last stroke fell.

Crack!

"Aaaaaaah! Aaaaaah! Ooooooooow! Fifteen, sir!"

And he slumped forward with his head on his hands, crying uncontrollably, his ass on fire.

Matt let the belt fall, and stood looking at him. From behind him, Stephen could hear the clicking of the camera as either Rob or Jeffrey took pictures of him in his misery.

As Stephen's sobs subsided and he grew calmer, Matt uncuffed his hands and pulled him up on his knees towards him, once more waving his swollen cock in his face.

This time, Stephen didn't hesitate. Parting his lips, he took Matt's cock into his mouth, and started sucking as if his life depended on it. Matt uttered a deep growl, and, fisting his hands in Stephen's hair, began pulling his head roughly onto his cock, ignoring the gagging noises Stephen made as he choked and struggled to take him in.

"That's it, boy, what a nice hot mouth you have. You're loving this aren't you, boy? That's what all little fucktoys are good for. Oh, I can't wait to fuck your red ass, you nasty little whore..."

Stephen blanched at these words, but his attention was diverted as Matt gave a shout, and a thick river of cum spurted from his cock, right into the back of Stephen's mouth. He gagged, and was about to spit it out when Matt, his face flushed, clamped a hand over his mouth.

"Swallow every drop, boy."

Stephen stared back, wide-eyed with terror, into Matt's icy blue eyes, and obeyed. He couldn't bear to feel Matt belting his ass again. As he felt the thick cum slip down his throat, Stephen groaned in humiliation and prayed that all was over.

But even as he thought it, he knew it was a useless prayer. Already Jeffrey and Rob were looking towards him hungrily, prepared to take their turn at fucking Stephen's unwilling mouth.

While Jeffrey stood and thrust into his mouth fast and hard, as Matt had done, Rob sat and spread his legs on the couch, commanding Stephen to kneel between them. As Stephen went down on Rob's massive cock, Rob kept his hands away from his head, instead choosing to whack him on the ass with the paddle whenever Stephen showed signs of hesitation. Needless to say, it proved extremely effective. Whimpering in pain, Stephen forced himself to take every inch of Rob, running his tongue eagerly around it as he did so, desperate to save his tortured ass from further punishment. At last, he was rewarded for his efforts by a jet of hot cum in his mouth, which he swallowed obediently, almost with relief.

But the night was still young, and the three men were nowhere near being done with poor Stephen. Hauling him to his feet, they dragged him over to a pull-up bar in a corner of the living room, slung the cuffs over the bar, and locked his wrists into them, forcing him up on his toes. Completely helpless and at the mercy of his tormentors, Stephen started to shake.

"A few more lashes would really make sure he learns his lesson," said Jeffrey.

Universal agreement meant that the flogger he had seen earlier was picked up, and the men took it in turns to lash Stephen's quivering body, aiming for his back, his thighs, his chest, but especially his buttocks, since that always elicited the loudest wail. Finally, they decided to focus exclusively on his blazing ass cheeks, which by now were hurting more than Stephen could ever have imagined possible.

After about fifteen minutes of having his ass flogged, again and again, Stephen completely broke down. "Please, Sirs! Please stop hitting my ass, I can't, I can't take it! I'll do anything, anything, oh please just stop beating my ass! Please, Sirs!" he screamed, thrashing wildly in his bonds, his face wet with tears.

The beating stopped, and Stephen felt Rob's breath close to his ear. "Don't like having your ass beaten, do you?" he whispered. Stephen's heart sped up. Was he in even bigger trouble?

"Let's see what your cock thinks about that." So saying, he gripped Stephen's cock in his meaty hand, and gently stroked it, caressing his balls with the other hand. Sure enough, Stephen's cock, which had gone limp during the cruel punishment, gradually came back to life, his erection returning with a vengeance under Rob's expert manipulation. Soon, Stephen was bucking his hips, moaning, "Oh god, oh god..." under his breath as Rob brought him to the brink of release.

Then it stopped. With a groan of frustration, Stephen opened his eyes, to see Rob grinning at him wickedly. "You can't lie to me, boy," he smirked. "You love this. It's all you're good for. I'll bet your little hole is begging for our cocks now, isn't it? Are you ready to be fucked, or shall we paddle your ass some more?"

"Oh Sir," Stephen blubbered, "I've never... I've never..."

The men exploded into laughter and whistles, and Rob's eyes gleamed with pure malice. "So I get to bust a cherry tonight," he said, in a voice so chillingly quiet that Stephen's heart went cold with dread. "Yeah..." Rob continued, running a finger up and down Stephen's crack. "We'll fuck that tight little virgin hole all night long."

They released his wrists, and pushed him into a kneeling position on the floor. His briefs, which had been discarded earlier, were pressed into his mouth. "Spit this out and there'll be hell to pay, boy," Rob hissed. "We're tired of listening to your whining."

"Oh yes..." he continued, rubbing Stephen's cock again, "Your virgin ass is mine." No one argued.

Stephen suddenly felt a cold liquid running down his crack, and turned to see Rob dribbling the lube onto the end of his monster cock. Panic coursed through him and he whimpered desperately, begging for mercy through his gag. His whimper rose in pitch as he felt the tip of Rob's cock press against his quivering hole.

"Shut up," Rob said mildly, and pushed firmly into him. Stephen howled. His hole was stretched so wide he was sure he was being ripped apart, and he wriggled frantically, trying to escape the monster that was tearing into him.

"Mmmmphhh!! Mmmmmppphhh!"

"Christ, boy, I'm not even halfway in," Rob said, his voice rough with desire. Further and further he went, while the tormented boy shrieked and tried to plead with Rob to stop, unable to form any words through the gag. At last, he felt Rob's hairy balls up against his punished ass, and he breathed a sigh of relief.

That relief was short-lived. Rob had promised to fuck him hard, and fuck him hard he did. Drawing his cock back with a guttural moan, he once more buried his cock up to the hilt, as Stephen bucked and screamed and tried to pull away. But he was no match for Rob's strength, who held him tight and continued to thrust, sometimes slamming his ass hard onto his cock, Stephen crying piteously the while, as helpless as a puppet on Rob's cruel strings.

Rob was grunting loudly with each thrust, moving faster and faster, lost in his own private ecstasy. As Stephen's delicious screams rang in his ears, he came, shooting his load deep in Stephen's suffering hole.

They both lay still for a minute, Stephen crying softly, Rob breathing hard. Then Rob eased himself out, and signaled to Jeffrey. "Have at him."

Stephen's head jerked up in sheer terror. How could he stand to be fucked again? He was about to spit the gag out and grovel at Rob's feet for mercy, when Rob, guessing his intentions, dropped down to his knees and held the gag in place. "Don't fight us now, it's almost over," he said, his tone surprisingly gentle. "Once we've all fucked you, we'll let you go home. You'll be alright. Don't make me change my mind." Stephen lowered his head in defeat. As he felt Jeffrey come up behind him, he gritted his teeth and waited for his ordeal to continue.

It wasn't so bad. Unlike Rob, Jeffrey took it easy, favouring long, slow strokes that were almost sensual. Though the pain remained, a new feeling blossomed within him, a deep, aching pleasure that swept through him like a wave. As Jeffrey neared his climax, Stephen found himself thrusting his ass out to meet his strokes, his cock throbbing beneath him, pre-cum oozing out and pooling on the floor. Too soon for Stephen, Jeffrey came, and it was with a moan of disappointment that he felt him pull out of his ass, leaving it empty and unfulfilled.

By the time it was Matt's cock filling up his sore hole, Stephen's need for release was growing urgent. He bucked his hips and moaned loudly, longing to touch his own cock but too afraid to. Everything faded away but the impossible thrill in his ass and his swollen, desperate cock, as Stephen shut his eyes and panted, willing himself to come. But now Matt was dismounting him, leaving his cum spilling from his ass, and Stephen's cock remained neglected. Groaning and weeping tears of frustration and humiliation, he saw a blurry image of Rob coming towards him.

In one motion, Rob pulled the briefs from Stephen's mouth and peered mockingly into his eyes. "You can get dressed and go home now," he said. "Unless, of course," - and here Rob's mouth curved up in a smirk - "there's something that you want before you go?"

Stephen's mind was a haze of confusion. He knew he should grab his clothes and go, it would be stupid to do otherwise, and yet...in spite of all that they had done to him, there was a fierce burning in him that had been stoked, and he couldn't imagine leaving until it had been fulfilled. "Yes, Sir," he said meekly, red with embarrassment. "Please... I need to cum, Sir."

Rob snickered. "I knew you were a little whore the minute I saw you. Stand up, and get your ass on the couch. You'll put on a little show for us."

Stephen got to his feet. His whole body burned and ached. His ass cheeks were still aflame, and his hole was stinging. Emotionally, he was a wreck, shame and humiliation eating away at him and causing his eyes to well up. But still, his cock had a mind of its own, forcing him to endure further humiliation to satisfy its desperate craving. He sat gingerly on the couch, gasping as his tortured ass made contact.
