 Stefan Riley was by far the hottest guy in Professor Davies physics class. Built like an athlete, with the face of a model, he was a perfect specimen. But, the best thing about Stefan in Professor Davies opinion was his smell. Professor Davis had a scent kink since he was a young man. Now forty years old, his love for man stink was still strong as ever. 

Now in his small office, giving Stefan feedback on his assessment, Professor Davies was in heaven. A strong masculine stink emanated from Stefan's armpits which made Professor Davies cock hard as a rock. What Professor Davies wouldn't give to have his face buried in Stefan's ripe pits. With pits as ripe as Stefan's, the professor could only imagine the stink between the young man's legs and feet. Professor Davis had been talking on auto pilot for a while, just to keep the stinking young stud in his office just a while longer. But it had to end at some point. 

'Thanks for all the feedback Prof, I really appreciate it,' said Stefan. 

'No problem at all Stefan, keep up the good work,' replied Professor Davies 'let me just see if i can find you that book i told you about'.

As the professor searched his shelves, Stefan joined him. Stefan quickly found the book and reached up to retrieve it. Since Stefan was wearing a vest, Professor Davies face was now right next to the exposed pit. Stefan's curly pit hair was matted to his skin from all the sweat and the stench was even more intense up close. Professor Davies inhaled sharply breathing in the masculine aromas. Thankfully Stefan didn't seem to notice. 

'It's a great book, you're really gonna enjoy it,' said Professor Davies. 

'Thanks man,' said Stefan giving his professor's shoulder a light squeeze.

Professor Davies quivered at Stefan's touch. 

'Actually, do you mind if I leave my gym bag here?' asked Stefan 'I don't really wanna carry it from class to class.'

'Yes, of course,' said Professor Davies, not believing his luck 'it'll be safe here.'

'Thanks Prof,' said Stefan, dropping his bag and heading out the door. 

Excitement filled Professor Davies mind as he looked at the gym bag from across the room. There had to be some filthy things in that bag. He walked over to the bag and slowly opened the zipper. To his delight, immediately a range of pungent odours escaped the bag, sending shivers down his spine. He emptied the bag onto a chair. There were a pair of cleats, football jersey, socks, shorts and a jockstrap. It was pretty obvious Stefan hadn't washed his gear in a very long time. First the professor inspected the jockstrap. The white fabric was well worn, with the pouch covered in yellow piss stains. Some crusty cum also covered the pouch, as well as some of Stefan's curly pubic hair. Bringing them pouch to his nose, the professor inhaled sharply. The smell was pungent, intense and acrid. Weeks worth of Stefan's manly fluids had stained the jockstrap, after it had cradled his sweaty manhood game after game. Professor Davies cock was now aching to be touched. He started to unbuckle his belt, when his office door opened. It was Stefan.

'Hey Prof I...' began Stefan. He stopped talking abruptly when he saw Professor Davies holding his jockstrap.

'Stefan!' exclaimed Professor Davies 'I... I .. I was just...,'

The professors voice trailed off. He had been caught red handed. There was no talking his way out of this one.

'Were you huffing my jock Professor?' asked Stefan looking confused.

'Yeah,' replied Professor Davies reluctantly 'I'm sorry Stefan. I can only imagine what you must think of me.'

'So, do you get off on this kind of stuff?' asked Stefan 'you're into all that kinky stuff?'

This conversation was humiliating for the professor.

'Yes, I find the natural scent of a man very arousing,' said Professor Davies, feeling like a fool.

'My buddies usually give me a hard time about my stink,' said Stefan 'it's pretty weird to hear that you like it.'

'Yeah, it must be strange,' grimaced Professor Davies 'it's gonna be hell explaining this to the University board.'

'I'm not gonna report you,' said Stefan 'all you did was sniff my gym stuff', he laughed.

'Really?' asked Professor Davies surprised. 'Are you not angry with me?'

'Nope. Just curious,' said Stefan. It's actually kinda hot, thinking about you, creaming yourself because of my stink.'

Professor Davies said nothing. He was very surprised at what Stefan was saying. Things were developing in a way different way than he had expected.

'In fact,' continued Stefan 'I'd be more than happy to let you at the real thing. I haven't showered since yesterday morning, so I'm pretty ripe right now.'

Professor Davies couldn't believe what he was hearing. Was he dreaming? Stefan began walking towards him. The professor said nothing. He was dumbfounded, unable to think of what to say. Both men now stood face to face. Stefan was absolutely ripe. Putting his hands behind his head, his muscles bulging under stress, his pits were exposed. A whimper escaped the professor's lips as he buried his face in his student's sweaty armpit.

His nose buried in Stefan's curly pit hairs; Professor Davies huffed the young man's stink like it was a drug. Moans and whimpers filled the room as the professor got lost in the heady man stink. It was by far the ripest pits the professor had ever smelled. Stefan's trips to the gym and his intermittent showering, meant Stefan wore his masculinity proudly, smelling like a man should. As he smelled Stefan's pits, the professor grinded his hard cock against Stefan's body. It was as if he was in heat.

'Yeah, sniff those filthy pits you kinky bastard!' demanded Stefan pushing Professor Davies face into his pits. A few moments later, Stefan pulled the professor away from the pits and kissed him hard, tasting his own salty stink on the professor's lips.

'Take of all your clothes,' said Stefan sternly.

The professor obliged quickly stripping and throwing his clothes to one side. His 8-inch cock stood to attention, precum dripping from its head. Stefan bent down and licked the precum of his professor's cock, then kissed the professor again, making him taste his own seed.

'Do you wanna grind your fat cock over my abs, whilst you worship my next pit?' asked Stefan slyly.

'Yes sir, thank you sir', replied Professor Davies excitedly.

With that, Stefan removed his vest, exposing his bulging pecs and washboard abs. Laying on the couch, Stefan pulled the professor on top of him and pushed the Professors face into his other pit. He smacked the professor's bare ass, making him grind his cock against Stefan's body. The smooth muscle on the Professors sensitive cock felt incredible. The professor continued to sniff, lick and kiss Stefan's pits, making the boy moan with pleasure. This went on for a while longer, until Stefan told the Professor to stop. The professors face was shiny, covered in Stefan's pit sweat. Stefan's abs were covered in thick globs of precum from the Professors cock. Yet things were about to get even filthier.

Stefan removed both his shoes and socks, throwing a sock to the professor. Bringing the crusty sock to his nose, the smell was absolutely rank. 

'It's time to worship my feet professor,' said Stefan 'then after that you'll get my stinking cock and balls.'

The Professor fell to his knees immediately and thanked Stefan profusely.

To be continued...