 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

SLAM!

This happens often. Ever since I met this kid he's been a whiny little bitch, just like his father. Don't get me wrong, moving into a house full of other men was a nice change of atmosphere. Y'see it's always just been me, my mom, and my older sister. I was the only man surrounded by women.

That is until mom started dating Andy my sophomore year of high school. He proposed my senior year and we moved in. My sister had gone off to college my junior year so it was now me, my mom, Andy, and his son Cameron.

Cameron is 18 years old and a senior in high school but, acts like a 10 year old. He gets upset when I bring my girlfriend over while our parents aren't home, seeing another guy in a pair of briefs, or walking into the bathroom without knocking while one of us is getting out of the shower. Anything sexual happens in the house or catching the sight of someone's manhood he has a fit and storms off to his room and slams the door. Which is exactly what just happened.

"Heh-heh." I laugh as I scrub the towel down my abs and dry off my thick, uncut, 6 inch soft dick and orange sized ball sack. He acts like we don't have the same equipment between our legs.

Andy on the other hand was more comfortable and open with these things but, sometimes homophobic. He's also very insecure and whines if he doesn't get enough attention or if mom is gone too long without letting him know or calling. I found out why soon after we moved in.

I had woken up in the middle of the night with the need to for a drink and to take a piss. I had gotten my drink and was making my way down the hall to the bathroom when a flash of light caught my attention from the corner of my eye. I looked to see Andy's tall, hairless, naked hyde, faint abs, bolder biceps, light, peachy complexion, a head of messy, blonde hair faded along the sides and back, and thin, cut, 5 inch hard cock standing up from his body, and walnut sized balls. No wonder he's so insecure, I thought. He has a small dick. I laughed and continued to the bathroom and off to bed knowing that I was gonna poke a little fun in the morning.

I woke up the next morning and sat at the table to eating a bowl of cereal before getting ready for school. Andy had come out of the bathroom form his morning shower, getting ready for work, wrapped in a towel and headed into the kitchen for a drink.

"Morning, Tyler." Andy says opening the fridge.

"Morning, pencil dick." I respond and Andy spits his orange juice back into his cup.

He slams the door and stumbles to turn around because the corner of the towel has been caught in the fridge and pulls off, dropping to the floor. He takes the edge and his two paws to cover himself, "What?"

"Don't worry, I already saw you naked last night. You got a small dick so I nicknamed you Pencil Dick."

"Asshole."

"You'll get used to it."

About a week later I woke up to the smell of greasy bacon and eggs. I had taken a quick shower and back in my room I had just pulled off my towel when the door opened.

"Hey, Tyler breakfast is— shit." Andy said swinging the door open and quickly covering his face with the side of his face as I covered my junk with the towel. "I'm sorry. I didn't know."

"That'll happen when you don't knock. What? Did you figure, Tyler has been making fun of my little dick for the past week so it's only fair to see what he's packing?" I respond sarcastically.

"No that's not it at all. I just wanted to tell you breakfast is ready." Andy answers with a hint of guilt in his voice.

"Sure you don't wanna peek?" I ask teasing, moving the towel to reveal my impressive manhood.

Andy's fingers open up as his eye pokes through and he rushed out of my room, "Fuck that's big!" He exclaims softly.

I pulled on a pair of low-rise briefs that really make the package look good, just to rub it in a little more and went to grab my breakfast. I walked into the kitchen with my dick print on full display and trimmed pubes out in the open. As I grabbed a plate Andy turned around, "Tyler, uh—" He stops himself and leans back on the counter pulling his fingers around his mouth and chin as he sees the bulge of manhood I'm packing. "I uh... could you keep what just happened between us? It's just... looking at another guys dick and being naked around them... it's kinda gay."

"Sure, Andy. I guess but, you go to the gym, the locker room everybody's naked. Looking at my dick doesn't make you gay just like not caring about naked men in the locker isn't gay."

"Thanks."

Over the course of the next year nudity around the house became the norm for me while Andy became a bit more comfortable and started walking around in his briefs, causing a problem for Cameron. But, there was something I had a problem with. Andy's insecure antics had caused a blow out between him and my mom. From the time they got together I made one thing clear, I don't care what they do in bed as long as I don't see it or hear it. They promised me they would abide by this. They broke that promise last night as their make up sex had gotten enormously loud.

After drying myself off this morning I left my room and into the kitchen where Andy sat with his morning coffee, reading his paper in nothing but a robe, only one side covering himself. As I walk by he looks and smiles at me, "Morning, Tyler."

I sigh and respond, "We need to talk."

He doesn't take his eyes off his paper, "What's up?"

The anger of our agreement being broken and now this lack of eye contact has just pissed me off. So I rip the paper from his hands and throw it behind me slamming my hand down on the table in front of him. "I said we need to talk."

"Oh... I—I'm sorry. What's wrong?" Andy answers nervously.

"Last night. All I ask is you close your door and be quiet. All I ask and then you go and keep me up till 4 am! At least I'm considerate enough to do it while you're not home so I can be as loud as I want!"

"You're right. I'm sorry. If I heard someone fucking my mom I'd be pissed to. Just don't go fucking mine okay?" He laughs as if this a joke.

I shake my head as my it begins to boil and steam fumes from my ears and I walk back to my room to get dressed for my classes at the local university. He was making a joke but, over the course of the day it gave me an idea. Why would I wanna fuck his wrinkled, old, shriveled up mom? Nope. Instead I'd do to him what he does to my mom.

Finally, back at home after a long couple of classes Cameron is in his room playing online with his friends which he will be doing all night. Andy is relaxing in his recliner watching TV. I sat in my room watching porn to get as horney as I possibly could. Mom finally leaves to go grocery shopping and it's time to put my plan into motion. I tear off my shirt and drop my pants to the floor, going out to the living room with my full 7 inch boner.

"What's up, Andy?" I ask with noticeable tension in my voice.

"Hey T— What the hell, Tyler!" Andy exclaims covering his face with the side of his hand. "Nudity is fine but this... this is just not cool."

"What can I say? I took your joke to heart only, I'm not using your mom."

"What are you talking about?" He questions.

"I'm talking about how instead of fucking your mom I'm gonna fuck you." I answer propping my foot on the arm of his recliner.

"This is not funny, Tyler! Knock it off!"

I grab my big dick by the base and fap it up and down bouncing it just a few inches from his face. "Come on suck it." I demand pushing his hand from his face.

"Knock it off!" Andy exclaims squirming as I get closer and my dick slaps him in the cheek. "Tyler, stop!"

"Suck it! Suck this big dick!"

My manhood slaps against his lips, "Stop!" He shouts and just before Andy closes his mouth I shove the head in.

"Oh fuck yeah! Taste that dick, Andy!" I say grabbing him by the head.

"Tyler!" He says with my member in his mouth giving me the opportunity to shove it in more as he pushes and gags.

"Yeah, that's it. Take it. Make a mess on it. Get my dick wet, Andy." I groan beginning to fuck his pretty, little face. After a few strokes and gags Andy oddly begins to relax and take my dick better. Then, he starts using his tongue and bobbing his head. "Fuck yeah, you like this don't you?"

"No." He replies with his lips around my johnson.

I reach down between his legs and grab his package and Andy is rock hard! "You lie. That pencil dick is as hard as a rock. Tell me the truth. You like this big dick down your throat don't you?"

"Mhmmm." He mumbles as saliva ripples down my shaft and balls.

I love his eagerness as I thrust my hips into him and he gags. I can feel my head throb in the back of his throat. Andy cups his hand around my balls as he swallows me down again and holds it there, swirling his tongue around, slobbering all over my shaft. "Fuck..."

I pull off his shirt as Andy undoes his pants. His 5 inches of wood pop out from it's confinements. Andy cups my balls and takes me down again as he lifts his butt up to drop his pants. Suddenly I hear a door open in the hall, Cameron. Andy's eyes widen as he tries to push himself away but, I grab the back of his head with both hands and shove my cock as far back as it can go.

"Dad can you..."

Alckshplt!

Cameron's face almost turns green as Andy gags on my cock. He turns around and storms off back down the hall.

SLAM!

Perfect, is the word that comes to mind as the lightbulb flashes on in my head. I let go of Andy and he quickly pulls back for air and his eyes sink back into his head. "Get up. Let's go." I command pulling Andy out of his recliner by the chin.

"Where are we going? I should talk to Cameron."

"Don't worry, you're gonna talk to him."

I swing the door open to Cameron's bat cave of a room as he sits in the dark, in silence brooding in his anger.

"What the hell?!" Cameron exclaims as I stop Andy next to the bed.

I reach down and grab Andy's pencil dick at the base, "See this Cam, This is where you come from..." I stand next to Andy moving over to my cock, "This is what a dick should look like."

Cameron doesn't look in our direction, "Get out."

"Get down there." I demand bending Andy over the bed and spreading his plump cheeks. "You like fucking my mom, Andy?"

"Yeah."

"Tell your boy how good sex feels."

"It's fucking great, son."

"You fuck my mom with that little dick and now, you get this big one."

I shove my cock in Andy's ass and he jumps as his eyes roll in the back of his head, "SHIT!" He screams as I thrust, "UGRRR! IT HURTS!"

His cheeks clap and jump as I pound away as fast as I can forcing Andy's back down to arch him. Cameron peeks over but won't look, "Please get out."

THWACK!

I slap his ass and pull his hair. Before long his painful groans turn to moans of pleasure as Andy begins pulling his putt. "You like that?"

"Fuck yeah."

"Tell Cam how good this dick is."

"Haaaah. It's so big, I love it. Yeah!"

"Just go." Cameron says with a shakiness to his voice.

I'm pulling his hair and pounding his ass as the sound echos through the room, "C'mon Andy, take it like the bitch you are!"

"AWW FUUUUCK! YEEES!"

"Who's is it, huh? Who owns this ass?"

"You! It's yours! HOLY FUCKING SHHIIIIIIIT!"

Cameron starts to watch now but, doesn't look pleased. I don't care though. "Why are you doing this? Get out!" He cries.

"Fuuuck, Tyler I'm about to blow."

"Really? Then, what's my name? Say it."

"Tyler."

"What's my name?"

"Tyler!"

"I SAID WHAT'S MY FUCKING NAME?!"

"TYLERHERHERHERHER!" Andy screams as his cream shoots into the bed.

I feel my balls start to tense up as my cock begins to throb in his ass. "Fuck, I'm about to cum." With one more thrust my balls convulse into my stomach as my hot, thick cream builds up inside me. "OH, SHIIIIIIT!" I yell as my load shoots up his ass and I pull out. Cream shoots up his back and one final squirt shoots across the bed onto Camron's face. "Haha." I laugh leaving the room. "Andy, you gonna do what I ask from now on?"

"Yes."

"Yes what?"

"Yes, sir."

"Good."

I shut the door headed back to my room to clean off with the satisfaction of a plan well executed and a job well done. And mom will never know 'cause who's gonna tell her?