 This story is of a young man who has just recently discovered his sexuality and the joys of public sex with men.

Comments and votes are appreciated.

- - -

The bath house was busy tonight. The 100 degree heat chased people in doors, and the bathhouse had great air conditioning. There was no parking available in either lot and the curbs were all full too. I felt really self conscious walking to the door from down the block. The bottle of lube in my pocket was quite noticeable. The fact that it had been sitting in the car made it hot and hard to ignore. I got turned on by the embarrassment too, so that worked out. I entered the bathhouse with a hard one already.

I only had an hour, so I headed straight to the sauna. The clouds of steam embolden the men. They tend to stand around saying nothing, discretely covered in their little white towels. Under cover of the steam they are more likely to let go and enjoy. So I chose a place away from the door, dropped my towel and filled my hand with personal lube. I made quite a show of rubbing it all over my cock, and several men openly stared at it as it grew harder and straighter. No one moved, so I picked a nice, pretty, slim oriental looking guy and sat next to him.

After a few minutes of him watching me stroke, and a little small talk, I offered him some lube. He held out his hand, and I dribbled an ounce into his hand. I expected to see him rub it onto his crotch, but he surprised me by leaning over and rubbing it into mine. His touch was electrifying. I'd been months since I was touched sexually, and this cute guy had just perfect hands. He ran them up to my chest and smeared my tits with the hot mess, then reached down and stroked my cock. I leaned back and enjoyed the sheer pleasure of being openly fondled in a room full of mostly naked men.

I could not sit there getting an excellent hand job without returning the favor. As I played with his skinny dick, he apologized for not getting hard. He'd just cum, and he he had cum within minutes of arriving at the bathhouse. I felt him stir at my touch, so I knew he was still horny. Besides, a second hand will often arouse a tired dick.I stood up and moved in front of him, then sank to my knees. I smiled at him and he grinned back at me. He knew what was coming and spread his legs as he leaned back against the bench.

I've come to appreciate a thin, short cock. I can suck them without gagging too much and without my teeth getting in the way. The last time I was here i tried to take a huge one. It was so fat that the teeth on the sides of my mouth were biting him. My new oriental friend did not have that problem. His was thin and not too long, about like a cheap hot-dog, but wonderfully scented and alive in my mouth. I did my best to make him cum, using what few skills I had. He seemed to enjoy it, getting harder and moving more and more. But although I tasted a bit of that salty flavor, he did not cum.

While I'm on my knees sucking for all I'm worth, several men milled around, watching the performance. One man in particular was leaning in close to watch. I noticed that he was watching, so I started pulling way back till only the head was in my mouth, then going all the way down till my face was in his soft curly pubes and his cock filled my mouth. You can imagine the scene as I am kneeling between his legs, totally naked, while he's got his eyes closed and is moving in rhythm with my mouth. And now the other guy with his face just a foot or two away, watching intently as this thin, dark cock pumped in and out and in again.

We both decided we had enough of the heat, so we went outside where it was only 95 and enjoyed necking in the pool for a bit. I was still horny, but he was not, so I excused myself and went back to the hot, steamy sauna to find some more action.

I repeated the act from before, shamelessly rubbing lube all over my cock as I sat there. Again, no one wanted to start anything. They just sat there, some rubbing their cocks through their towels. I considered doing what I'd done once before; slipping to the floor and then taking any cock that came close. It turned out that I did not need to do that.

It took me a moment to recognize the next man who came in. He was the one who had watched so intently 20 minutes ago. Also oriental, he had a slight build with a little belly much like mine. He stood against a wall and tried not to appear to be looking at me. I smiled at him each time he gave me a furtive glance. After 4 or 5 minutes of this, I held out the bottle of lube and offered him some. He eagerly held out his hand.

It was dark, and I could not tell how much was going into his palm, but when I saw it dripping between his fingers I figured it was enough. Again I was surprised when he did not whip out his dick and apply the lube, but instead leaned forward and rubbed it into my chest. It must be an Asian thing. I did not protest, for I love having my nipples played with. We played with each other's nipples for several minutes before he finally pulled his towel to the side so I could reach his cock.

It was one of the smallest I've played with as an adult. It could not have been more than 2 and a half inches, with a properly proportioned head hidden within a foreskin. Despite it's size, it was fully functional and already partly erect. It was surrounded by the coarsest pubic hair I've ever felt. It was like steel wool, it was so thick and unyielding. It felt strange as it pushed my hand back when I stroked his shaft. As I played with his cock it grew hard as a rock, but not much bigger.

The real surprise came a few minutes later when I bent over to lick and suck him. He's still standing in front of me, pinching my nipples and playing with my cock as I played with his. 4 or 5 guys are watching us intently, no doubt imagining that they were one of us. As I bent over, he stopped me. He gently took me by the shoulders and pushed me down on my back on the bench. Then he straddled my head and fed me his cock. It was just right. It was too short to gag me, but he wanted it all the way in and he got it. His balls must have been on my nose, but I did not notice as he pumped his cock in and out of my mouth as I laid there slurping and fondling him.

He got more and more excited, beating off my cock with furious speed as I did every thing I could to keep him in my mouth. As my fingers found his hard little nipples again, I could taste the cum as he spasmed and slowly ground to a halt. It took him several minutes to pull away from me. Each time he started to pull away I'd let him get a few inches above me before I raised my head and slurped it down again. Then he'd collapse on me for a few moments before repeating the ritual. I think I really did get every last drop of cum out of that man.

He left me laying there on the bench, on my back with my feet up and my cock half hard. No one else approached, but it was time to leave anyway.

As I was returning my locker key and getting my valuables I found myself exchanging casual banter with a well dressed Chinese businessman. It was not until he thanked me for a wonderful time that I realized his cock was down my throat 10 minutes earlier. I thanked him too, and, believe it or not, he shook my hand as he left.