 The email arrived. Steve licked his lips in anticipation. "Love your pic," it read, "Would really like to suck your cock." Steve smiled, felt his cock harden. He replied to the email, told the guy his address and what time to be there. 

Once the guy had replied, Steve showered. He looked down at his seven inch cock and smiled, he began to rub it, felt it growing hard in his hand and then he jacked it, slow and steady. Pleasure rose through his wet body. He ran his free hand over his stomach and chest, feeling every muscle, rubbing his nipples, first the left, then the right and finally he reached behind and began to kneed his arse cheeks. He groped at his arse, felt the tight muscle of it, ran a finger over the hole, ran the same finger over his hip, across the top of his pubes, up the centre of his stomach and up to his lips. With a quick lick he tasted himself on the finger, sucked it into his mouth and drew it slowly down his own chin. His other hand, firmly wrapped around his cock continued to move along the thick shaft, twisting slightly as it went up and down. 

From the other room he heard the phone ring. Fuck he though, who's that?. He got out of the shower, wrapped himself in a towel and went into the lounge. "Hello?"

"Steve? It's Melissa, what you up to?"

"I was just taking a shower."

"Really? Sorry to disturb you, do you fancy hanging out?"

"I already have plans this evening."

"Oh, you said at work earlier you were free."

"Some thing's come up."

"I bet it has," Melissa said with a giggle.

"Don't be funny, Lissa," Steve said in a mock stern voice. "Anyhow, I have to go."

"OK, see you at work tomorrow."

"Take care."

"You too."

Steve put the phone down, his hard-on had faded. He had once had a thing for Melissa, but since discovering men that had fizzled out. Sure, he still fantasised about her, the thought of her giant tits and close shaved pussy still made him cum, but oh! If only she had a cock, a big fat cock to fuck him with, for him to suck...she would be the ultimate fantasy. But no, for now all Steve wanted was to get sucked by a stranger. Most of his evenings now were taken up by getting his cock sucked, sucking others cocks or being fucked hard in the arse. It had become an obsession since that first time some four months ago, gradually creeping from once a week to pretty much as often as he could get it, and the internet had sure paved the way to that! Steve dressed and then sat and watched television for a while.

The doorbell rang. Steve felt his cock harden in anticipation. He stood and walked over to the door. He peered through the spy hole and saw, to his great disapointment, Melissa standing there. He opened the door. "Lissa... I thought I told you I was busy..."

"I know, just thought I'd see if I could tempt you around to coming for a few pints with me and Matt?"

"Nah, you're cool. I'm just going to stay in, I've got..." he paused, thought quickly, "my cousin coming over. Yeah."

"Oh, OK.. well... I tried!" As Melissa turned around a black man blocked her path. "Hello..." she said slightly taken aback at the unexpected body.

"Hi," the black man said. 

Melissa turned to Steve, "cousin....?" 

"Um... my aunt married a guy from Jamaica... go!"

"Am I interrupting something?" 

"Not at all, she's just leaving."

The black man looked Melissa up and down. "Shame. I like a big woman."

"Well...."

"Steve, what's going on...?" Melissa thought about it, grinned. "I knew it! Well, hmm you boys have a fun evening!"

"Sorry about that," Steve said once Melissa had gotten down the path to the road. "Come in, I'm Steve."

"I am Duncan."

The two men walked into Steve's lounge. "Can I get you anything?"

"Your cock. I want your cock."

"You can have it."

Duncan walked over to Steve, grabbed him in close to him and kissed him hard on the lips, his tongue finding it's way into Steve's mouth. Steve returned the favour, kissing Duncan hard back. Their hands roamed each others bodies. Duncan grabbed at Steve's cock through his jeans, it was nice and hard. Steve grabbed Duncan's firm buttocks and kissed his neck, whilst running his hands around to the massive bulge in Duncan's trousers. "You feel huge!" Steve said with both alarm and excitement in his voice.

"I am ten inches," Duncan said removing his hands from Steve's cock and pulling his own trousers down. "Look." As Duncan's cock broke free from his clothes Steve stood dumbfounded staring at the monster black cock in front of him. "Would you like to suck it?"

"I would love to be fucked by it!" Steve almost shouted.

"First things first. Remove your trousers, little white boy, I'm going to suck your cock."

Steve did as he was asked. Duncan knelt in front of him, opened his mouth and took all seven of Steve's inches inside. He ran his mouth up and down the shaft, his lips closing tightly around the shaft. Steve closed his eyes and threw his head back, his hands clenched around Duncan's shoulders. Duncan took the cock from his mouth, licked the tip, started to wank it hard and fast. "Little white boy, I'm gonna make you cum in my mouth, then I'm going to use your cum to help force my thick black dick inside your tight white arse."

Steve groaned with pleasure. Duncan moved his hand faster and harder up and down on Steve's cock. As he did so he licked and sucked at the tip of Steve's cock. And then he took all seven inches into his mouth again, sucking and licking and playing with Steve's balls. Duncan reached a hand around and forced a finger into Steve's arse hole. Steve felt his legs buckle. Duncan increased speed, felt Steve's cock begin to throb and then slowed right down to a gentle bobbing movement. Steve screamed. Duncan grabbed his cock, wanked it hard, his lips over the tip of the white cock as Steve shot a hot load of cum into Duncan's eager mouth. Duncan allowed a little cum to dribble out of his mouth. He stood up, turned Steve around and pushed him over the sofa. He bent down, licked the cum in his mouth into Steve's arse hole. Standing up again, Duncan placed the tip of his cock against Steve's back entrance and with one big push, forced his cock all the way into Steve. 

Steve screamed, the pain of all ten inches at once was almost too much for him. Duncan gripped hold of Steve's arse in both hands, and told him "You wanted it, you're gonna get it, pussy little white boy." Duncan drew his cock out, and thrust it back in, this was certainly not love making. This was a proper fucking. That big black cock thrust in and out of Steve's arse until he was screaming, his prostrate tingling and causing a wad of cum to shot from his spent cock. Duncan changed gears, got faster and faster. Steve came again. Duncan let out an almighty roar as he came, hot spunk over flowing from Steve's battered arse hole. Duncan knelt down and licked his own cum from Steve's arse, swallowing it all down.

"Fuck, man," Steve panted, "that was... oh my god, you're so huge, I thought I was going to split."

"I'm going now," Duncan said, "I've had my fun, you've had yours." He dressed and walked out of the flat. 

Steve looked up from the sofa and glanced at the window. One, he had forgotten to draw the curtains, two there was Melissa staring in at him. She smiled. He looked shamed. Pulling on his trousers he went to the door to let her in.

"That was... I never thought, you.... you're... oh fucking hell I'm horny as fuck now." Melissa said.