 I was at home alone, just enjoying a rare day off from work. My wife was working all day (thankfully) -- don't get me wrong, I love her more than anything, but sometimes it's nice to just have some time to yourself.

It was a cold, overcast day, raining off and on, so I was inside. Like I usually do when she's not around, I was looking at porn sites on the internet, and looking forward to a good jerk or two before she got home. As is often the case when I'm looking at porn, everything I was scrolling through was either gay or bisexual porn, particularly that involved interracial sex. There's just something about seeing a nice, big, thick, hard, black cock in a tight hole that turns me on.

Anyway, I had just pulled down my shorts and was getting ready to start playing when there was a knock at the door. I quickly pulled my shorts up, glad I wasn't hard yet, and went to see who it was. I opened the door and it was a delivery guy with a package in hand.

He was about my age -- around 50 -- wearing black shoes, white socks, brown shorts, brown shirt, and a brown hat. He was black, and I had a hard time stammering out a "hi" as I checked him out. The shorts and shirt really fit him well; not tight but I could tell that he was stocky and thick-muscled under the clothes. Not like a body builder, but more like a construction worker who gets a workout from the physical labor. About 5'10", 220 lbs or so, and skin the color of coffee with just a touch of cream. In other words, the type of guy I usually fantasized about when my thoughts wandered to what it would be like to see and feel and taste a black cock...

I took the package from him and signed for it, and he thanked me before turning to go back to his truck. I watched his tight ass moving in those shorts for a moment as he walked, but then turned away and closed the door, taking the package to the table to open it. I was kicking myself mentally for not asking him in for a drink of water or something, but at the same time knowing I was too chicken to actually go forward with hitting on another guy.

Just as I got the package open, there was another knock at the door. Puzzled, I went to see who it was, and it was him again. "Hi," he said, "My truck won't start, and the company said it would be at least a couple of hours before somebody can get out here to give me a tow. I hate to be an intrusion, but is there any chance I can wait here on your porch instead of waiting in the rain?" 

I looked over his shoulder and saw that it had indeed started raining again, and I told him he didn't need to wait on the porch, he could hang out in the living room while he waited.

He thanked me profusely, and this time I took advantage of the opportunity to ask him if he'd like some water or something. He said he would, so I told him to follow me to the kitchen. I turned in the entranceway to the kitchen to ask him what he'd like, and I saw that he was standing in the doorway of the den, staring inside. That's when it hit me -- I hadn't closed the screen of the porn video I was looking at, and I knew he was standing there watching a thick-muscled black guy fuck a stocky white guy in the ass on my laptop.

He turned his head slowly until his eyes met mine, a slight grin on his face. "So you like that kind of thing, huh?" he asked softly, and all I could do was nod as my face flushed, unable to speak. I was frozen in place as he stepped over to me, his eyes never leaving mine while he took my hand in his and guided it to his crotch, wrapping our fingers around the meat underneath the fabric. "So do I," he whispered, just before he leaned in and pressed his lips to mine. 

I didn't even notice I was moaning until I felt both of his hands at the small of my back, our tongues dancing softly, my hand moving of its own accord to stroke his cock through his shorts, so amazed at how hot and hard it was growing. He broke off the kiss slowly and pulled his head back until our eyes could focus on each others'. "Bed or couch?" he asked, and I didn't say a word, I just turned, keeping hold of his cock through his shorts, using it to lead him to the bedroom.

Once in the bedroom he disengaged his cock from my grasp and, keeping his eyes on mine the whole time, slowly undressed me -- which wasn't hard to do, as all as I was wearing was shorts and a tank top. It struck me as odd for a moment that, here I was, completely naked and hard as a rock, standing in front of another guy, but not the least bit embarrassed, just completely turned on.

Still keeping his eyes on mine, he undressed himself, taking his time to kick off his boots, peel off his shirt, unbuckle his shorts and let them fall, and slowly push his boxers down until his thick, black meat sprung free. I couldn't help myself from letting my eyes explore his body, taking in every muscle and bump and curve of his shoulders and chest and stomach. As soon as I got a good look at his completely erect cock -- circumcised, a good 9" long, and nearly as thick as my wrist -- I knew exactly what I wanted, and bent to take him in my mouth.

"Huh uh, not yet," he said, grasping my shoulders and standing me back upright, guiding me backwards until the backs of my knees touched the bed. He laid me down gently and dropped to his knees on the floor, lifting my legs and pushing them back. "Me first," he murmured, and I felt his face burying between my asscheeks, his tongue touching the tight pucker of my ass just as his hand wrapped around my cock and started stroking.

I jerked in surprise, never having been rimmed before, but it was one of the most incredible feelings I'd ever had, especially when I felt his tongue press inside me, then pull out, again and again, tongue-fucking me in time with his hand stroking up and down my shaft. "Oh fuck man I'm not going to last long if you keep doing that," I moaned, my hips moving to try to press my ass further onto his tongue and my cock further into his grip at the same time. 

He just moaned an "okay" into my ass in response, and kept going.

Like I feared, I felt it building way too soon. I tried to tell him, but I'd lost the ability to speak. But I guess he could tell, as I felt his tongue slip from inside me and I looked down to see his head lift and his eyes meet mine. His deep voice rumbling, "It's okay baby, I want you to cum for me," just before he pulled his hand from my cock and replaced it with his mouth, sucking me in deep until I felt his chin on my balls, his head bobbing up and down in quick, short motions, his lips so tight around me, his tongue pressing into the thick vein on the underside of my cock.

My stomach muscles tightened and my ass clenched as I let out a yell, feeling his head lift so only the head was in his lips as I started to cum. He sucked hard, his tongue dancing over the head of my cock as I exploded again and again, filling his mouth with my seed. My hands moved to his head to pull him off of me when the post-cum sensations of his mouth became too much. He looked and me with a grin and I watched him swallow as he raised from his knees, bending down to kiss me softly before whispering, "Be right back baby."

I watched him turn and head into the adjoining bathroom, too spent to move, but loving the look of the muscles of his back and thighs, and that tight bubble butt. I heard him rummaging around in the medicine cabinet, and I saw the jar of petroleum jelly in his hand when he came back out, but it was that cock that I focused on like a laser.

"I know what you need, baby," he grinned as he got on his knees on the bed beside my head, offering his cock to my mouth. "Huh uh, no hands," he chuckled, pushing my hands back to the bed when I reached to take ahold of him again, his eyes once again on mine as I opened wide and wrapped my lips around the pinkish head of his otherwise dark black cock, rolling and tasting it with my tongue.

"Oh yeah, just like that," he moaned, watching and feeling me suck him in as deep as I could, over and over. I looked up and saw that he had the petroleum jelly in his hands again, the lid off so he could dip a finger into it. His hand disappeared from my line of sight but I felt it brush over my balls as he reached underneath, the tip of his slicked finger pressing to my hole.

"Gotta get you ready for me, baby," I heard him whisper when I felt it slip inside, my body reacting with a jerk at the slight pain that was almost instantly replaced by an indescribable pleasure when I felt him keep pushing until the knuckles of his other fingers pressed against me. He kept his finger inside me for a time, turning it side to side and curling it back and forth until he felt me relax around it, then he began rocking it in and out of me in time with my mouth moving on his cock.

My moan was almost a whimper when I first felt his finger slip from me, then his hips drew back and he pulled his cock from my mouth. I craned my neck to try to suck him in again, but he just chuckled and moved backwards off the bed, positioning himself between my legs. He lifted them over his shoulders, and watched my face as he smeared more lube on his cock. "I hope you're ready baby, because I'm about to make that ass mine."

My eyes went wide, expecting the worst, but I should have known he wouldn't just take it harshly. He pressed the head against the pucker just until it started to spread it open, then stopped, waiting for the tension in me to relax a little before pressing forward. He stopped again when the head popped inside, his eyes never leaving mine, again letting me relax. He kept this pattern up, easing forward a quarter inch or so, then stopping, again and again, even after he saw that it was no longer necessary for me to relax, I'd stretched out around that thick meat and wanted all of him in me.

I finally couldn't take it any more, "Oh god please fuck my ass," I almost screamed when he'd stopped with only half of him in me. I heard him chuckle again and felt his lube-slicked hand wrap around my again-hard cock. 

"Whose ass is it, baby?" he asked, squeezing my shaft and running the ball of his thumb over the head, teasing me. 

"It's yours, all yours, please fuck your ass!!", screaming this time, meaning every word of it.

"That's right baby, all mine," he rumbled, his grip tightening on my cock and using it for leverage as he slammed into me until I felt his balls slap against me. We were grunting in unison as he just started power-fucking me, his hips moving like a piston as he pulled back until the head of his cock threatened to slip out of me before slamming back in and bottoming out, again and again.

I have no idea how long he kept up his use of me, but I know it seemed like forever but only a moment at the same time. I was just reveling in the sight and feel of him, the look of his dark skin all slick with sweat and rippling with muscle, the incredible sensation of him and his cock owning and claiming his ass as his.

Without warning, he suddenly spasmed and slammed into me, his entire body shuddering and jerking, and I felt his cum flooding me inside. That sent me over the edge again, my ass clenching down on his shaft as my own erupted, his cum filling me as mine splattered all over my stomach and chest until he collapsed on me, only the head of his cock still inside me as he nuzzled into my neck.

He lifted up slowly, gradually, grinning again when he saw and felt me shudder as his softening cock plopped out of me, his eyes dropping to watch his seed ooze out of my stretched-out hole. He bent to kiss me, softly, and then I watched him reach to the nightstand and lift my cell phone. My face sporting a quizzical look as I watched his fingers moving over the screen before turning it so that I could see what he'd entered in my contacts: "Owner" followed by a phone number.

"I'm Mike, by the way," rumbled softly, and I watched him dress, wishing we had time for another go but knowing we didn't before wifey got home. He bent to kiss me again, and I gasped as I felt his hand slide under my balls and his finger tease his cum back into his hole, my eyes closing as he whispered against my lips, "The next time you're alone, baby, just text me."

I laid there, eyes staying closed, just listening to him leave the room and the front door open and close. A smile broke across my lips when I heard his truck start and he drove away.