 Again, a big thank you to everyone's comments. They're very much appreciated, please keep them coming! 

Happy Reading! 

Yours, 

Hudson Bartholomew 

Copyright © 2015 by Hudson Bartholomew. All rights reserved. This story or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the publisher except for the use of brief quotations in a book review. 

***** 

Stepping Out in Faith - Chapter 4 

Marcus sat down gently across from his mother while she studied him with an astute eye. 

"What?" Marcus asked. 

Cheryl just narrowed her eyes and took a sip of her Bellini. 

"You had company last night? Was it Charles?" 

"No, I only went on a couple of dates with Charles." Marcus frowned. "How do you know whether I had company last night?" 

"Why aren't you still seeing Charles?" 

Marcus rolled his eyes as his mother evaded his question. 

"I don't know. He's a nice guy, but..." Marcus shrugged. 

"But?" 

"I don't know! There just wasn't a spark and stuff." 

Cheryl raised an eyebrow, which meant that she wasn't impressed. 

"You should give him another chance. He's a good guy." 

"I know he's a good guy, but that's not the point." 

Cheryl set her jaw and glared at Marcus. That was her way of admitting defeat without actually admitting defeat. 

"So who were you with last night?" 

Marcus could stop the grin that spread across his face as the image of Andy sprung to his mind. "No one, nobody." 

Now both eyebrows went up. 

"Who was it?" Cheryl asked again. 

Marcus took his time, taking a big gulp of his Bellini and rearranging the silverware on the table. 

"Just Andy," Marcus' smile widened at the mention of his name. 

"The priest?" 

Marcus frowned at Cheryl's indignation. 

"His name is Andy." 

"And he's a priest, the one with the-you know, his first time." 

"Yeah, him." Marcus rolled his eyes. 

"I thought he was a one night stand." 

Marcus bristled at the description. "It's been more than just one night." 

"Apparently," Cheryl said dryly. 

Marcus frowned at his mother, not liking her tone of voice. 

"Do you have a problem with this?" 

Cheryl leveled her best glare at her son who was wise enough to shrink back into his seat. 

"What I have a problem with is you getting involved with a man who clearly has issues that he needs to sort through. My problem is I don't like you getting attached to someone like that when Charles is a perfectly nice man who was interested in you." 

"I'm not getting attached." 

"Yes, you are. You don't bottom for just anybody." 

"Mom!" Marcus looked around to see if anyone was close enough to overhear. "That is completely inappropriate!" Marcus leaned in and murmurs under this breath, "How did you know?" 

Cheryl sat back in her chair, with arms crossed and a satisfied grin. "I'm your mother, and I'm observant. You sat down rather gingerly earlier." 

Marcus buried his face into his hands, wishing the floor would open up and swallow him whole. 

"But really, Marcus, do you think this is a good idea? Do you honestly see this ending well?" 

Marcus sat back in his chair and crossed his arms. He knew he probably looked like a sullen teenager, but he didn't care. 

"I know what I'm doing, mom." Great, now he sounded like a sullen teenager, too. 

"Do you really?" Skepticism dripped from Cheryl's voice. 

"Look," Marcus sighed. "I know he's in the closet, okay? And I'm not expecting him to come out for me. It's just... I like spending time with him-" 

"Spending time in bed with him," Cheryl clarified. 

"Mom!" 

Cheryl raised her hands in defeat and let Marcus finish. 

"It's not like we're a thing," the words threatening to choke Marcus as he spoke them. "We're just hanging out." 

Cheryl looked like she didn't believe him. Marcus didn't blame her because he didn't believe himself. 

"Just promise to be careful, okay?" 

"I'm always careful, mom," Marcus responded with a glint in his eye and a raised eyebrow. 

"That not what I meant," Cheryl glared at her son. "I meant be careful with your heart." 

"I know, mom. I will be." 

***** 

"One more, push, push, push!" 

Andy grimaced and strained, willing his muscles to cooperate. Just another inch and his arms shook with the effort. Sweat was pouring from every inch of his skin, dripping into his eyes and blurring his vision of Marcus above him. 

"Come on, come on, just a little farther," Marcus urged Andy on. 

Andy gave one last push and heaved a sigh of relief as Marcus caught the bar and set the weights back on their stand. Andy's arms fell limp toward the floor as he lay on the padded bench. 

"You still alive there?" Marcus chuckled, leaning over the bar, curls falling over his eyes. 

Andy smiled up at him, "Barely." 

Marcus laughed as he came around the bench to give Andy a hand. Andy tried to lift his arm to let Marcus help pull him up, but groaned when his muscles protested at the movement. Instead, Andy rolled on to his side and off the bench, just barely catching himself before he landed on the floor. 

"Whoa, you okay, babe?" Marcus caught Andy by the shoulders and helped him stand up straight. 

Andy let himself lean into Marcus, breathing deep, trying to get oxygen into his tortured limbs. 

"I think we can call it day," Marcus said, guiding Andy toward the change room. 

"Ugh, thank you," Andy mumbled. "I haven't been this sore since... Well, actually, never mind." 

Marcus raised an eyebrow inquisitively, "Since?" 

Andy felt his face blush a brilliant red that had nothing to do with the strenuous workout that Marcus just put them through. 

"Andy?" 

"Since, that night," Andy muttered under his breath. 

"That night?" Marcus wrinkled his forehead, thinking back to which night Andy was talking about. 

"That night when we... you know." 

Marcus' eyebrows shot up, "You were sore afterwards?" 

Andy ducked his head, embarrassed and thankful that there was no one else in the gym change room. 

"I mean, I knew your ass was sore, but your whole body?" 

Andy wasn't sure he could get anymore red. 

Marcus responded by laughing out loud. "If I'd known, we could have done more of that kind of exercise." 

Andy tried to hide the burn on his cheeks by rifling through his locker. He hesitated when he realized that this was usually when people take showers after a workout. He glanced over at Marcus who was nonchalantly stripping off his gear. 

Andy's breath hitched at the sight of Marcus' sweat glistened body, all lean muscles rippling as he moved. Andy hadn't realized he was staring until Marcus looked up with that look. 

Marcus shut his locker, throwing a fresh towel over his shoulder. He stalked toward Andy gloriously naked, his thickening cock swinging in between his legs. Andy felt his heart race like that on first night; Marcus was the predator and he was the prey. Andy's own cock quickly grew in his shorts. 

Marcus paused just inches away from Andy, enveloping Andy in his scent, sweaty and primal. Andy felt himself swaying slightly, lightheaded from Marcus' intoxicating smell. 

"Hard to shower with clothes on, doe eyes," Marcus said, voice low and raw. 

Andy's cock jumped, straining to escape the confines of his shorts. He swallowed thickly before jumping into action; he wasn't sure if he'd ever stripped so fast in his life. 

Andy grabbed his own towel and followed Marcus into the showers, never taking his eyes off of the way the muscles of Marcus' ass shifted while he walked. 

In the showers, Marcus headed straight to the last stall and pulled Andy in before pulling the curtain shut. Marcus turned to face Andy and Andy forgot to breath. Marcus' cock was at full mast, standing straight and proud, begging Andy to get down on his knees and worship it. 

So that's what he did, dropped to his knees, ignoring the bite of tile, mesmerized by the beauty before him. Andy didn't notice when Marcus hung their towels out of the way and turned on the water. All he noticed was the way the water ran down Marcus' body, rivets of water trailing paths down the smooth skin. 

Andy leaned forward to kiss Marcus' hip, lapping at the water that pool in the dip there. He kissed his way to the base of Marcus' cock where he nuzzled his face, breathing deep the cinnamon and spice of Marcus. The smell made Andy's cock leak onto the shower floor. 

Andy lapped at Marcus' balls, taking each one into his mouth while letting Marcus' thick cock rest across his face. The skin was so smooth, feeling like velvet as it slid over Andy's face. Andy moaned has he massaged Marcus' balls in his mouth, eliciting a similar moan from Marcus. Andy glanced up to see Marcus' head thrown back against the shower wall, water pouring over his face and down his body. He was beautiful. 

Andy let his hands wander over Marcus' body, disrupting the rivers of water to feel the silky skin underneath. He let Marcus' balls fall out of his mouth to place kisses along Marcus' cock, keeping his eyes trained on the look of pleasure on Marcus' face. 

Slowly, Andy took Marcus into his mouth until the head hit the back of Andy's throat. Andy could feel Marcus tense under his hands and he tasted the tanginess of Marcus' pre-cum. Just as slowly, Andy pulled off to twirl his tongue around the bulbous head, dipping his tongue into the piss slit, seeking that delicious saltiness that was pure Marcus. 

Andy repeated this, slowly filling his mouth with Marcus' cock until his throat constricted, then slowly out until he could lap at the head. Andy rolled Marcus' balls back and forth in his palm, tugging lightly when he realized that it caused Marcus to shudder in pleasure. 

"Ugh, doe eyes, please," Marcus said, his fingers finding this way into Andy's wet hair. "You're gonna kill me like this." 

Andy moaned in response, and Marcus tightened his fingers as the vibrations rippled across his body. 

"Doe eyes, please," Marcus grasped Andy's shoulder and pulled him up. He took Andy's mouth in an unhurried kiss, pressing their slick bodies together, hands caressing, exploring, grasping at each other. 

Marcus moved them, switching places until Andy was standing under the shower spray. Andy tilted his head back to feel the water on his face. He heard Marcus let out a strangled noise and smiled. He loved that he had that kind of effect on Marcus. Andy opened his eyes in time to see Marcus squirt some body wash on his hand and spread it across Andy's chest. 

Everywhere Marcus' hands went, they massaged and squeezed, working the soreness out of Andy's muscles. Marcus was purposely avoiding Andy's cock, which made it that much harder. After working his way down the front of Andy's body, and ignoring the dick standing at attention in his face, Marcus turned Andy around to work his back. 

Andy brought his hands up to brace himself against the shower wall when Marcus got to his ass. Marcus worked each cheek before separating them and working the crevice, making sure to pay special attention to the rosebud hidden inside. Then Andy felt a soapy finger pushing and prodding, seeking entrance into his body. He tilted his ass up and forced himself to relax as Marcus' finger dipped inside. 

Andy's cock was aching, leaking a stream of pre-cum to be washed away by the shower. He felt Marcus working his finger inside until the rest of his hand bumped up against Andy's ass cheeks. Andy gasped as he felt Marcus' teeth graze lightly across his ass, then let out a shaky breath when Marcus soothed it with laps of his tongue. 

Marcus pulled his finger out, much to Andy's chagrin, but quickly replaced it with his tongue. Andy pushed his ass back as he felt Marcus wriggling tongue begin fucking him, the way eased by the steady stream of water pouring down his body. 

"Oh Marcus," Andy said, and without realizing what he was doing, reached an arm around to push Marcus' face more firmly into his ass. Marcus chuckled and Andy felt the vibrations in his ass, causing him to push his ass further onto Marcus' face. 

Andy was melting. After the workout and then full body massage, now having his ass expertly eaten, he was going to melt into a puddle and get washed down the drain. Andy actually didn't mind so much, he figured there were worse ways to go.  

Marcus gave his ass cheeks one final squeeze before kissing his way up Andy's spine then licking at the drops of water running down Andy's neck. Andy let himself get pulled back into Marcus' chest and wiggled his hips when he felt Marcus' thick cock slip in between his ass cheeks. 

"Mm... Marcus," Andy moaned at the feeling of Marcus' cock rubbing against his ass hole. 

"Oh god, doe eyes, I'd love to," Marcus murmured into Andy's ear, his hands seeking out Andy's nipples to give him a quick pinch. The slight pain caused Andy to arch back into Marcus. 

"Please, Marcus." 

"Can't, baby," Marcus said between kisses. "We don't have condoms in here." 

Andy groaned in protest and started wiggling all the more to get as much friction as he could. 

"But I have another idea." 

Marcus turned Andy around until they were pressed together, chest to thigh. Marcus squeezed another dollop of body wash onto his palm and reached in between their bodies to take their hard leaking cocks in one hand. 

The feeling of Marcus' hard steel against his own sent shudders through Andy's body and he clutched at Marcus to keep from falling to the floor. Marcus manoeuvred them until he had Andy pinned up against the wall and Andy pulled Marcus tightly against him. 

Marcus began stroking their cocks together, rubbing them against each other until each breath Andy took was a gasp. He couldn't help but thrust up into Marcus' fist, picking up speed as he felt the wave of pleasure rising in his gut. Andy pulled Marcus close for a kiss, tasting himself on Marcus' tongue. Andy sucked on Marcus' tongue, knowing where it had been just moments ago, it drove him crazy and he wanted more. 

He was so close when Marcus gave their cocks a tight squeeze, pushing Andy over the edge. His cock erupted, spewing rope after rope of cum in between their bodies. Andy felt Marcus growl deep in his chest and moments later, he too erupted spraying his own load over their bodies. 

Andy heaved, trying to catch his breath in the steamy shower. He ran a hand through Marcus' curls, pushing them back from his face. There was something he wanted to say, something that was at the tip of his tongue, but he couldn't bring himself to say it. It couldn't be true, he told himself, yet the urge to say the words was right there. 

Instead, he tried to say it with his eyes, gazing into Marcus' beautiful face, he let everything he couldn't say show in his eyes. Marcus took a sharp breath and shakily let it out. 

"Oh doe eyes," Marcus whispered, leaning his forehead against Andy's. "What am I going to do with you?" 

Andy smiled and planted a quick kiss on Marcus' lips. Marcus hadn't said the words either, but somehow Andy felt it. The realization sent his heart soaring, he'd never felt this light before. 

"I don't think we can shower together anymore," Marcus said with a smirk. 

"Why?" 

"Because it's too distracting, that's why," Marcus laughed. 

Andy let himself be pushed under the spray again and reached for the body wash to wash away the remnants of their pleasure. Then he pulled Marcus under the water with him for quick peck on the lips before letting Marcus rinse off. 

Andy wrapped his towel around his waist and followed Marcus back out to the lockers where he immediately froze. There were other people there. Other men in the shower area and men changing by their lockers. Men who must have heard the moaning and groaning between him and Marcus. Andy felt a wave of panic rise in his chest as he hung his head in shame. 

Andy felt the weight of their eyes staring at him, eyes that judged him for carrying out such disgraceful acts, in public no less. Andy's hands shook as he tried to undo the lock to his locker. 

"You okay?" Marcus asked. 

Andy looked up, caught between the panic in his chest and the sight of Marcus, dripping wet in only a towel. 

"You're shaking," Marcus said. 

Andy looked down at his hands, clasping them together to stop the shaking. 

"Hey," Marcus put one hand over Andy's hands and the other under Andy's chin to lift his head. "Are you okay? What's wrong?" 

"No- nothing," Andy stole a quick glance around to see if anyone was within ear shot. 

Marcus caught the movement, though. "Are you worried about the other guys in here? That they heard us?" 

Andy swallowed thickly and nodded. 

"Don't worry," Marcus smiled. "No one cares. Actually, most people here are gay. And besides, I'm sure that's not the first time they've heard people... Do more than shower in there." 

Andy flushed at Marcus' suggestion, wondering just how often people were doing more than showering. "Have you done that before? I mean, before today." 

The words came out before Andy could stop them. He knew it sounded possessive and he felt the coldness in the pit of his stomach as he realized that that probably wasn't Marcus' first trip through the showers. 

Marcus frown, a deep crease between his eyebrows and his lips firmly set. "Yes, I have." He looked like he wanted to say more, but when he didn't continue, Andy nodded. 

Andy might have been a virgin before he met Marcus, but he knew Marcus hadn't been. Far from it. So why did he feel so upset that Marcus had sexual experiences with other men before they'd met? It was irrational and frankly Andy didn't have any more of a claim on Marcus now then he had before. So why did the realization bother him so much? 

"Hey," Marcus tilted Andy's head up again. "That was the past. There's no one else now." 

Andy stared into Marcus' dark eyes and knew that was the truth. But he couldn't help the wave of guilt that washed over him anyway. He wasn't dating Marcus, he couldn't be. He wasn't gay, he was a priest. So he had no right to ask Marcus not to see anyone else, not to sleep with anyone else. The thought made his stomach twist and he suddenly felt like he was going to be sick. 

The feeling lingered over Andy as they left the gym and headed toward Hudson River Park. The entire walk over, Marcus kept up a light chatter and Andy forced himself to respond at the appropriate times. But inside, Andy was battling with himself, arguing with a little voice in his head that told him that he was sinful, dirty, and a fool. 

All those men know your dirty little secret, the little voice taunted in Andy's head. You're being such a fool, thinking that you can keep Marcus for yourself. You don't deserve him, you're a priest. At this rate, you don't deserve to be a priest either. You're not worthy. 

By the time they reached the water, Andy was shaking again. They paused at the railing overlooking the Hudson River, the late evening sun sinking over the New Jersey skyline. Andy took a deep breath of the salty air and held it in his lungs before letting it out slowly. His gripped the handrail, willing himself to stop shaking. 

"Feel better now?" Marcus asked. 

Andy glanced at Marcus and gave him a sheepish smile. 

"You want to tell me what was bothering you?" 

Andy hesitated—he wanted to tell Marcus, felt compelled to share everything with Marcus, but he had no idea what to say. How exactly was he supposed to explain the jumble of thoughts in his head? How was he supposed to explain when he barely understood himself? 

Andy swallowed thickly and tried unsuccessfully to look like he was fine. 

Marcus frowned at him and led them along the water's edge to an empty bench set back from the path. Andy sat down next to Marcus, leaving a small gap in between them. Andy wanted more than anything to scoot over and press his thigh against Marcus', he wanted to reach over and hold Marcus' hand in his own. But the little voice prevailed: you can't hold his hand, it's not yours to hold. Only gay guys hold hands with each other, you can't be gay, you're a priest. 
