 Dear Reader, 

This is my first story and I would love to hear what you think. Comment away, but please go easy! 

Yours, 

Hudson Bartholomew 

***** 

"Cheers!" 

Marcus threw back the shot of tequila and savored the burn that trailed down his esophagus and warmed his belly. 

"We're going dancing!" Stephen shouted in Marcus' ear and headed out to the dance floor dragging his boyfriend of the week behind him. 

Marcus smiled as he watched his best friend disappear into the crowd. He didn't mind being left alone; in fact he preferred it. He leaned back against the bar, gin and tonic in hand, and gazed out onto the mass of glistening, half-naked bodies before him, all moving as one to the thump, thumping of the music. 

It was so loud that it was almost quiet, blending into the white noise of shouting voices until everything faded into the background. Marcus took a deep breath: sweaty men, drenched in musk and pheromones. It smelled so good that Marcus took a second breath, holding it in his lungs as if it were a sweet, sweet hit. 

Friday night meant dancing and debauchery at whatever gay nightclub Stephen fancied that week. The ironic thing was Marcus didn't dance, but he did enjoy the view. And frankly, there was no better place to pick up a hot piece of ass, all primed by the gyrating and humping on the dance floor. The atmosphere buzzed with electricity and Marcus soaked it all in. 

Marcus raised his glass to take a sip when someone bumped into him, sloshing his drink all over his hand. 

"Oh, I'm so sorry!" 

Marcus scowled in annoyance, and turn to tell the asshole to watch where the hell he was going. But he stopped himself when he was met by big startled eyes and an anxious, almost fearful expression. There was no way he could yell at this guy, looking like a startled deer in headlights. So instead, Marcus just glared. 

"I'm so sorry. Are you okay?" Doe eyes asked. 

"I'm fine. Just watch where you're going." 

Doe eyes swallowed nervously and Marcus' eyes were drawn to the bobbing Adam's apple. He had a thing for men with sexy necks and despite his annoyance with Doe eyes, he had to admit the stranger had a fucking sexy neck. 

"What can I get for you?" asked Dave, the bartender, startling both men. 

Doe eyes looked at the bartender as if he was speaking another language. It took him a minute to figure out what was going on and Marcus took the opportunity to ogle the Adam's apple in profile. Yep, definitely sexy. Marcus started conjuring up ways the stranger could make up for his clumsiness. 

"Um, can I get some water?" 

"What?" Dave asked, tilting his head and leaning across the bar as if he didn't hear the order. 

"Um..." Doe eyes hesitated and shot Marcus a nervous look. Marcus raised an eyebrow, not sure what the guy expected him to do. 

"Can I get some water?" Doe eyes shouted at the bartender. 

Dave frowned, "Water? And?" 

Doe eyes turned to Marcus again with a wild, almost panicked look. 

Marcus rolled his eyes; it was too painful to watch. "How about a shot of tequila, then a gin and tonic," Marcus suggested, giving Dave his standard order. 

Dave shared a puzzled look with Marcus before turning away to fill the order. 

"I don't drink tequila," said Doe eyes. 

"You will tonight," said Marcus, looking him up and down. "Trust me, you need it. You've got newbie written all over you." 

Doe eyes looked down as if there was a sign on his chest that he'd forgotten to remove. Marcus couldn't help but chuckle and shake his head. 

Dave returned, setting the drinks on the bar. Doe eyes knew enough to hand over some cash, but then stared at the glasses as if they'd jump off the bar and eat him alive. 

"Take the shot first to give yourself a jump start." 

Doe eyes picked up the shot glass and gave Marcus a wary look. He gave the clear liquid a sniff and frowned at the bitter smell. 

"That's gross," he said. 

"Just do it," laughed Marcus. "Don't think about it so much." 

Doe eyes took a deep breath and raised the glass to his lips. Squeezing his eyes shut, he tilted his head back and Marcus watched the collar of his shirt strain against the angle of his neck. Then his Adam's apple bobbed again and Marcus felt his cock begin to stir. 

Marcus took a step closer to the new stranger, patting him on the back as he chocked down the liquor. The disgusted look on Doe eye's face was priceless and Marcus smiled at the innocence pouring off the man. He normally didn't go for the young and naive type, but there was something about the complete cluelessness of this guy that had Marcus leaning in until their bodies brushed against each other. 

"Don't drink much, do you?" Marcus whispered in the stranger's ear. 

Doe eyes shook his head and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. His lips were red and swollen, as if he had been chewing on them in his anxiety. Definitely kissable. Marcus' cock was taking notice. 

"So, what's your name?" asked Marcus, half distracted by staring at Doe eyes' lips. 

"Fath- um... I mean, Andy." His voice was breathy, chest rising and falling just inches from Marcus'. 

Marcus glanced into the man's eyes and saw the uncertainty and tinge of fear laced with a heavy dosing of lust. Maybe Andy wasn't his real name, but that really wasn't a problem in Marcus' book. It wouldn't be the first time he'd had sex with someone without knowing their real name. 

"Well, 'I mean, Andy,' I'm Marcus. Nice to meet you." 

Marcus closed the last inch of air in between them and felt the other man jump at the contact. Marcus was certain that Andy Doe eyes would take a step back, but to his credit his eyes just dropped to Marcus' mouth. Marcus took the opportunity to snake his tongue out and run it across his full bottom lip, watching the effect it had on the innocent man within his grasp. 

Marcus leaned in, his lips just millimeters from Doe eyes'. He could feel the other man trembling, his tequila tainted breath shaky as it fluttered over Marcus' lips. But rather than reaching forward to taste the remnants of the liquor from Doe eyes' mouth, Marcus whispered, "Wanna get out of here?" 

Maybe it was too forward, maybe it was too cheesy, but it broke the spell and Doe eyes moved an inch backwards, breaking their contact. 

"Um... but, I just got here." 

Marcus sighed. Too much, too fast; this one might need a lighter touch. 

"You're right," Marcus admitted. "You haven't even finished your drink yet." 

Marcus picked up the abandoned glass from the bar and handed it to Andy. Then he took a small step backwards to give the other man a little breathing room. Doe eyes gave him a shy smile and took a sip of the drink. 

Marcus watched as Andy Doe eyes glanced around the space, taking in the mass of male bodies through his wide and expressive eyes. 

"It's your first time here, right?" Marcus said, starting up on chitchat. 

It was dark in the club, but Marcus could have sworn that Andy blushed a bright scarlet. Marcus found himself wishing he could see it more clearly. 

"It's that obvious, huh?" Doe eyes ducked his head shyly, and Marcus smiled at how adorable he looked. 

"Not gonna lie," Marcus smirked. "It's pretty obvious." 

Marcus gazed at Andy, watching him watch the rest of the club. He noticed the way Andy would worry his lower lip between his teeth, the way his Adam's apple would bob nervously, the way Andy would sneak glances back at Marcus to see if he was still being watched. Doe eyes clearly wasn't used to so much attention, and Marcus found his response adorable. 

"Um... so, you like dancing?" Andy asked, taking a large gulp of drink. 

Marcus turned to the dance floor where Andy had been eyeing the mass of male bodies. 

"No, I'm not really a dancer." 

"Oh..." Andy actually looked disappointed and Marcus couldn't help but laugh out loud. 

"But you're more than welcome to go dance," Marcus said with a grin. 

Andy smiled back, but stared into his glass, swirling the ice cubes around. It didn't look like he was going to go anywhere. 

"Come on," Marcus grabbed Doe eye's hand and led him to an empty corner of the dance floor. Taking Andy's drink from him, Marcus manoeuvred the other man out into an opening between the press of bodies. "You dance, I'll watch." 

Marcus smiled at the startled look Doe eyes gave him, then backed up until he was leaning against a nearby wall. He never took his eyes off Doe eyes and after a moment's hesitation, Doe eyes began to dance. 

It was just a little awkward bouncing at first, until Doe eyes caught the beat. Then it became a more coordinated swaying as Doe eyes tilted his head back, closed his eyes and let his body move. The guy could dance, Marcus had to give him that much. Now if only he was wearing the right clothes for it. 

Marcus' gaze wandered down Andy's body, taking in the oversized cotton button down, stuffed into loosely fitting khaki, completed with a beat up pair of sneakers. Marcus cringed at the outfit. Where did this guy come from? 

But as Andy really got caught up in the beat, Marcus had to admit that underneath the ill-fitting and unfashionable clothes, the guy had some serious moves. Marcus nursed his drink and watched as a small smile spread across Andy's face. 

Then a second of eye contact as Andy glanced over his shoulder at Marcus. It was so quick that Marcus wasn't even sure it happened. Then a second glance—there was no mistaking it this time. Doe eyes was flirting. So much for that sweet and innocent image. 

Doe eyes spun around, arms raised above his head, ass swaying back and forth to the music. Marcus' cock was definitely paying attention to the way the bubble butt was moving so seductively, tempting him to bury himself deep inside. 

The next time Andy glanced over, their eyes met and held. There was a heat there, unmistakable, something about this guy who was naive and untouched, yet sexy as hell. Marcus wasn't sure who moved first, but suddenly they were up against each other, chest to chest, lips just inches apart. 

Marcus wrapped his arms around Doe eyes, hands grasping at that ass and grinding their growing erections against each other. Doe eyes' body was thicker than most of the guys Marcus ended up with, and he was surprised at how much he enjoyed having more man to fill his arms. He felt his cock throb at the thought. 

Marcus leaned in, breathing in the clean woodsy scent wafting off of Andy, helping himself to the delicate skin along Andy's neck. He kissed and licked and sucked at the sensitive skin until Doe eyes was writhing and making impatient little sounds from his throat. Marcus buried one hand into Doe eye's hair and attacked his mouth, capturing those rosy red lips with his own. 

Marcus' tongue demanded entrance and Andy was in no position to refuse. His hands grasped at Marcus as he gave into the onslaught of Marcus's tongue, darting in and out, teasing and caressing until both men were breathless. Andy's mouth tasted spicy and sharp, the alcohol still lingering on his breath. It tasted so good and Marcus wanted more. 

Andy was moaning freely against Marcus' mouth, his hands taking on a life of their own to roam across Marcus' back and down to his ass. Then Andy spread his hands wide and squeezed hard, sending a sharp jolt of arousal straight to Marcus' groin. Marcus broke the kiss, flirting time was over. 

"Fuck," he whispered into Andy's ear. "We need to get out of here." 

Andy blinked, a little too dazed to understand what Marcus was saying. 

"Your place or mine?" 

Andy stared blankly at Marcus for a split second too long. "Your place or mine?" Marcus demanded with a growl. 

"Yours," Andy answered. "Um... Roommates," he explained. 

"Let's go," Marcus took his hand and led them out into the cool spring night. 

***** 

Marcus lived in a small studio apartment in Chelsea just a couple of blocks away from the club. It was New York small, which was about the size of a walk-in closet back home, thought Andy as he surveyed Marcus' apartment. Double bed in the corner, couch taking up most of the floor space and what was really a kitchenette—but passed as a kitchen in New York—along one wall. After several months in New York, Andy was only starting to get used to the claustrophobia of New York small. 

Andy rubbed his hand absently. Marcus hadn't let go of it the entire walk from the nightclub and it still tingled with heat. It was disconcerting and scary to be holding a man's hand in public and Andy kept looking over his shoulder fearful that he'd see someone he knew. But the few times he had tried to extricate his hand, Marcus has tightened his grip and pulled him closer. Andy had to admit, he probably would have lost his nerve if he wasn't physically anchored to Marcus. 

As much as Andy might have been tempted to, he told himself he was not allowed to chicken out tonight. He had gone to the nightclub with a very specific mission. He needed to scratch that irritating itch, to assuage that thorn in his side so that he could go back to the simple life he had always longed for. And as terrified as he was feeling, he was determined to see it through. 

His heart was pounding and he told himself it was because of the fast pace of their walk or the smallness of Marcus' space. But the reality was that he was more than a little panicked at the thought of what lay ahead. He had fooled around with guys before, but he had never gone all the way, so to speak, and he was scared. Scared that it would hurt, that he wouldn't be any good at it, scared that he would enjoy it so much that one night wouldn't be enough. But more than anything, he was scared of going through life never having experienced this. 

Andy let himself indulge in staring at Marcus while he poured them both drinks at his bar cart. Tall and slim, dressed in tight fitting black jeans and a tight fitting black t-shirt. Marcus' hair was a riot of black curls, falling over his forehead and into his eyes in that sexy, I-just-woke-up kind of way. 

Marcus was everything Andy was not: confident, edgy, and oozing sexuality. Andy took a quick glance down at his own body and grimaced at the contrast. As if he didn't feel self conscious enough already; this was all way out of his league. 

Marcus turned from his bar cart with two glasses of amber liquid. His dark eyes, framed by thick lashes, were smoldering with such intensity that Andy forgot to breath. 

"Here, drink this," Marcus handed Andy a glass and Andy tossed it back without asking what it was. The liquid burned and settled into a rolling heat in the pit of his stomach. 

Andy looked up to see an amused grin on Marcus' face and couldn't help but return the smile. 

"That's one way to drink it," Marcus laughed, the sound washing over Andy's frayed nerves. He took Andy's empty glass and set it down on the table, then stretched out his hand. Andy looked at the long tapered fingers, fascinated by the neatly trimmed nails and smattering of hair on the back. It was a sexy hand, Andy realized, surprising himself with the thought. 

"Coming?" Marcus asked with an amused smile. Andy flushed at the invitation and let himself be led to the bed. 

The two men faced each other, separated by an inch of heavy air. Andy took a deep breath and got a lungful of Marcus, lingering sweat from the nightclub and the spiciness of cinnamon. The heat in his stomach started spreading throughout his body and his heart skipped a beat in anticipation. His tongue snaked out to wet his dry lips and Marcus' eyes followed the movement. The intimacy of the look made Andy's breath hitch. 

As if in slow motion, Andy watched Marcus lean in for a kiss and he braced himself for the contact. 

This time, though, the feel of the other man's lips on his own wasn't as shocking and hungry as it was at the club. This time was slower and gentler, but still sent chills down Andy's body. The scent of Marcus was all around him, enveloping him in warmth and soaking into his senses. It was addicting, like a fine wine that you wanted to savor. 

The desire to know Marcus' taste prompted Andy to sneak out his tongue and lick experimentally across Marcus' lips. To his delight, Marcus opened for him, letting Andy explore at his leisure. His tongue dipped into the heat of Marcus' mouth, tracing delicately across the smooth ridges of teeth and into the hidden crevices. 

Andy's first contact with Marcus' tongue was almost by accident and he pulled back slightly, embarrassed by his explorations. But Marcus smiled, raised a hand to Andy's cheek and pulled him back in. 

Encouraged, Andy set about exploring again, this time chasing after Marcus' tongue as it evaded his own. It was such an odd feeling to have another person's tongue slide across your own. It felt strange, forbidden, and Andy was growing hard at the intimate contact. 

Marcus' other hand grasped on to Andy's hip, pulling them closer. Andy felt Marcus' erection pressing against his and he trembled in excitement and fear. He was the cause of the erection. Marcus wanted him. It was exhilarating and intimidating at the same time. 

Andy's hands were grasping at Marcus' shoulders, feeling the sinew of muscles running down his arms. His palms tingled at the way the muscles twisted and dipped in all the right places, as if forming handles for Andy to clasp onto. 

Marcus' own hands found their way to Andy's waist, pressing their bodies firmly together. Then one ran up across Andy's back and the other went down to grab a handful of soft round ass. They were connected from mouth to knee, the closeness enveloping Andy until his brain about short circuited. His erection was so hard it was almost painful and he could stop himself from rubbing up against Marcus to relieve some of the tension. When Marcus returned the move, Andy whimpered into his mouth. It was all too much; and yet not enough. 

Abruptly, Marcus growled deep in his chest and broke off the kiss. Both men were panting breathlessly, lips so close they were breathing in each other's air. 

There was a look in Marcus' eyes. Andy recognized it from those nature shows when some panther was about to pounce on its prey. It was a hungry look, determined, and you just knew that the poor antelope was about to be devoured. It took a split second for Andy to realize that he was the prey for the evening. 

His heart started pounding, blood rushing past his ears and pooling into his dick. If he hadn't been feeling lightheaded from the kiss, he certainly was now as he recognized that he was caught. Sure, he had wanted to get caught, but that didn't make the reality any less terrifying. 

And like a panther who had successfully lured it's prey into his trap, Marcus pounced. His mouth slanted down hard against Andy's, forceful and demanding, while his hands set to work removing the offending barriers of clothing between them. 

It was all Andy could do to cling to Marcus during the onslaught. 

Andy's shirt was pulled out of his pants and unbuttoned in such haste that a couple of buttons popped off and bounced on the floor. Marcus pulled the sleeves down Andy's arms, running his hands over the exposed skin and following with his mouth. He licked and nibbled, trailing a path down Andy's chest until Marcus was on his knees. 

Andy buried his hands into Marcus' curls and clung on to him, too overwhelmed to do anything but stand there and remember to breath. Marcus' mouth felt scorching on his already overheated skin, but he wanted more. He wanted to mark himself with the shape of Marcus mouth, brand his consciousness with the feel of Marcus on his skin until it consumed him entirely. 

Andy didn't even realize Marcus had undone his pants until they were pooled around his ankles and Marcus' traveling mouth had attached itself to the wet spot on Andy's briefs and sucked. Andy cried out and forcefully pulled Marcus off, afraid he was going to cum in his underwear. He looked down to see Marcus peaking up at him through those thick lashes with the dirtiest smirk on his face. Andy leaked another dollop of pre-cum into the wet spot. 
