 Hi, I'm Steve, Sarah's father, what follows is a true story which occurred during a tour in Cyprus

Whilst out for a walk one morning, having walked along the sea front, I planned to walk from the harbour towards the old town, needing a piss I stopped at the public toilet (a very rare commodity in Cyprus).

Pissing down the hole they called a urinal, I heard a bit of shuffling going on in the toilet behind. The toilet door had louvered slats, so being nosey and in need of a shag I decided to see what was going on; I couldn't see through the slats but looking under the door I saw there were a couple of guys in there; tapping gently on the door I asked if I could join in.

"Fuck off!" came the initial reply then a gentler voice answered back.

"It was too risky, did I have somewhere to go."

I told him/them that I had a place but it was about a half-hours walk away. The door opened and out walked two really good-looking guys, one looked to be in his late 50s, the other I instantly recognised as Chris one of my junior officers.

Seeing the astonishment in Chris' eyes, I quickly raised a finger to my mouth, as an order for him to be quiet. What else could I do, if I apologised and left, it would leave Chris in a quandary about his position after all he was in the army and had been caught in a certain predicament by a senior officer. After a talk the older one said we could go back to the hotel where he was staying, as it was just a short walk from the toilets; he did add however that we would only have about 2 hrs before his wife returned from the market in town.

Whilst walking back to this guy's hotel we talked generally and found that we were up for anything except drugs, pain and bondage. This chat at the time was very critical but hard for Chris, for here he was about to become intimate with his superior officer.

We arrived at the hotel and made our way to the room; no sooner was the door shut then all three of us quickly got undressed, which given the climate didn't take long. Bob the older one (I later found out was 63) had a decent body for a guy his age with a monster of a cock hanging between his legs, his huge balls swung between his legs as he started to play with himself. Chris' cock on the other hand was gorgeous; it was a long moderately sized weapon with a circumcised head. Still apprehensive Chris slowly came over to me and began to play with my cock, his hands then travelled upwards and began playing with my nipples, he hesitantly asked me if I liked my nipples being pulled real hard, I told him I was not really into pain, so he just nibbled and teased them with his tongue instead. God was I in heaven.

Bob not wishing to be left out came up behind me and rammed his cock between my legs; his rough hands then reached round to Chris' chest and started playing with his nipples. I asked Chris if he was into kissing he just shrugged and said he had never really kissed a bloke before. I started to kiss him passionately; he must have enjoyed it for soon his tongue was down my throat playing tonsil tennis.

Still feeling left out Bob roughly took hold of my cock; it felt great having a hand pulling at my cock whilst kissing Chris. Suddenly I felt a finger probing at my anus; my instant reaction was to open my legs and squat a little so I could take the invader deep into my rectum. Who ever it was, was making a real mess of it so I told him to either put some more spit on his fingers or found some form of lubricant.

It was Bob trying to 'force an entry'; taking heed of my words he left us, went over to the dressing table picked up some suntan lotion to use as lubricant; now suitably equipped he then teasingly greased up my hole before sliding a couple of fingers straight in, it felt fantastic to have this Granddaddy play with my arse whilst Chris continued kissing me.

As Chris was still having trouble relaxing and with Bob's monster giving me some concern, I took the suntan lotion from Bob and rubbed some into his arse before turning and coating Chris' cock, I suggested that I lay on the bed so that Bob whilst being fucked by Chris could suck my cock and play with my prostate.

It was fantastic to see these two guys enjoying man on man sex; Chris fucked Bob like a mad man; his energetic movements reverberating through Bob to give my prostate a good workout. I told Bob I was about to cum and if he did not want it in his mouth then he should stop sucking, did he stop like fuck, he just sucked harder. When I couldn't take anymore I let loose several huge volleys of hot cum into Bob's mouth who just continued sucking until my cock became so sensitive I had to tell Bob to stop because it was as much as I could take.

Bob hardly swallow any of my cum, he just let it dribble out of his mouth and down my now softening dick, since I love kissing guys with cum dribbling from their mouths I asked Bob to kiss me, in doing so this pushed Chris over the edge because he said he was going to come real soon.

I asked Chris not to shoot his load up Bobs arse but over my face; pulling out of Bob's arse Chris quickly knelt on the bed, positioning his cock within an inch of my face, he starting panting saying he was really close to cumming; it was only then I did something I have never ever done before.... I took a guy's cock in my mouth after it had just been in some another guys arse.

Believe me it did not taste nice but I just wanted Chris' cock deep in my throat when it spewed; do not ask me why but I just wanted it.

After giving it a few couple of sucks I was soon rewarded with a mouthful of hot sweet cum; keeping some in my mouth I then beckoned Bob over and kissed him again; our mouths making it one huge sloppy cum kiss. Chris after some hesitation joined in and started to share our kisses, all three of us licking and sucking each other's tongues sharing the same salty cum.

Sitting on the edge of the bed with Bob between us, we started to give him a 'blow job'; initially we took it in turns to feed his monster of a cock into our mouths but the effort was too much for within a few seconds our jaws began to ache. Having told Bob that in no way were we going to attempt taking his monster of a cock up our arses, we agreed to toss him off instead. Whilst Chris massaged his balls and passed some comment about weight training and how the fuck anybody managed to take this monster I greased up Bob's arse and began to probe for his prostate.

To my surprise Bob rectum just opened up to my fingers and I found it very difficult to control their depth. Massaging his prostate gently with three fingers whilst 'jacking him off' we soon had him cumming; his cum didn't shoot out but just oozed from his piss hole.... I swear to god I have never seen spunk so thick in all my life, it looked like you could chew on it. I stuck my tongue into it and tried lapping it up, gagging on its thick acrid texture; both of them just laughed when I accidently snorted some up my nose in the process, spitting out the spunk we then played with Bob's softening cock for a few mins before getting cleaned up. ***** I never did make into the old town that day for having left Bob in the comfort of his hotel room, I immediately asked Chris back to my apartment. On the way back, we stopped at a quiet café and had quick chat about what just went on and how if exposed things could really go bad for us.

Back at my apartment I asked Chris what he wanted to drink, "A whiskey and soda would be fine," and I agreed.

However, strange thoughts began to roam my head, as I poured us two of the stiffest drinks possible; was this a setup since Chris' mannerisms seemed all wrong. Was he just alone, a little tired of women, of his life in the army, but gay, no, no way; to me he was just another guy serving time in the army, yet, here he was looking at me all dewy eyed like a sweet heart. Even though he was talking, I did not recognise a word he was saying for I was miles away. Noticing that my mind had drifted Chris just chuckled and asked,

"Sorry, am I boring you with all this?"

Snapping back to reality, "Sorry, No, no you're not. I'm thinking back to how we just met and that horrible man, what ever possessed you?"

"Hormones, Bloody hormones" replied Chris.

Having poured us another stiff drink, I sat down and we talked about our lives. How although bisexual, I was once married with a daughter who showed absolutely no interest in boys nor leaving the nest -- He, alone, needing someone or something to believe in; for here was an man who was so messed up by either women or his deployment was beginning to turn upon himself. Increasingly, I was really beginning to like Chris; he was flirty, talkative, laughed easily at my jokes. This was getting weird; this guy was really turning me on.

However; in the background was the tension. After all we were until a few hours ago serving officers, but now a strong undertone of sexual desire was developing for one another; for every time I accidentally touch him he gasped. I saw the hesitation; the realisation of the situation, officers of different ranks forming a relationship; I could see what was going on in his mind so I patiently waited.

As I placed my hand over his, I chuckled and thought to myself 'Do I really need this'. Chris' warm, strong hand; rolled over and interlocked our fingers before gazing into my eyes, the need was there, bright and fragile as a young maidens.

Now standing and looking at me sheepishly he shrugged his shoulders. Taking a step forward, I grasp his head with both hands and kiss him full on the mouth. I extended my tongue forcing his lips apart. Now I am kissing him like before, in that hotel room with that horrible man.

Chris slowly relaxed letting me into his soul. Our tongues explore each other's mouths, darting, caressing, and seeking the texture of our tongues, urgency forcing us to kiss harder and harder. Placing his hands on my shoulders he forced me back, I try to hold his lips against mine but had to relent, we separated connected only by a thin thread of saliva stretching between our lips.

Chris reached for my shorts; I inhaled slightly, allowing him to release the belt, forever looking into his eyes, I feel a light hand tracing the bulge of my cock though my thin shorts, and then grasping at my shorts, he slowly pulled them down, painfully freeing my cock from its confinement. My cock head glistened with precum as another pearl formed around my piss hole; Chris noticing this wipes it off with his finger before placing it gently between my lips.

As his hand gently explored my genitals, I swiftly removed my shirt. Now standing butt-naked for all to see I waited patiently as Chris stripped off; upon seeing his strong fit naked body my cock twitched with desire; with the thought and anticipation of what was to come, more precum worked its way forward to ooze slowly from my cock.

Chris planted his first kisses on my neck; his lips then descended to my chest kissing and sucking as he sought out a nipple. Briefly, he stopped there to bite and suck them causing me to groan and flinch before slowly descending down to my stomach where he sucked in and kissed my navel before heading onwards to my cock. All this time his fingers roamed lightly over my body like an 'exocet' seeking its target.

Childlike, Chris licked the top of my cock with the tip of his tongue savouring the pearl of precum. He then continued to lick the oozing precum from my cock, round and round he went, stopping occasionally to prise open my piss hole and seek more. My cock was now painfully hard, its thick veins like sinews. Chris kissed its tip then pursed his lips before slowly running them past my glands before taking in most of its length. I was in heaven, how I did not come then I will never know.

With his hands cupping my arse, he began to worship my cock. He suckled and played with my genitals like a woman yet here I saw a man. I felt my balls tighten; my swollen shaft was now glass hard and needed relief. He eagerly bobbed up and down continually slurping and teasing. I had to prop myself against the nearest wall and tilt my head back for I could do nothing but come, and come I did.

Gush after gush of cum spewed into his mouth; he moans of approval reach my ears as he continued swallowing my seed. I look down to see him starring at me in disbelief before closing his eyes to continue bobbing on my increasingly limp cock, he continued slurping greedily as he worked my gland, milking my cock for that last bit of cum.

With long powerful strokes of his tongue, he now attacked my shrunken balls. I squatted to spread my cheeks as light fingers work they way towards my anus, nodding with approval a digit pressed against the opening, I groaned with delight and immediately start to harden as he inserted a finger into my rectum.

"So you like that?" enquires Chris.

"Yes - but you've got to earn it first." I replied, reaching for his head. His finger quickly withdrew from my rectum as I pulled Chris to his feet.

Grasping his head with both hands, I kissed him full on the mouth then kneeling before him I reached for his fleshy balls, he groaned as I fondled them then without warning I deep-throated his cock. He looked at me with amazement as I just keep on bobbing and 'throating' his dick whilst rolling his balls between my fingers. He groans got louder as I reached towards his arse, with his cock became increasingly harder signalling the onset of an orgasm, I pulled away from his engorged member and concentrated my efforts on his hairy ass. I tried to insert a finger but he just yelped in surprise. I tried pushing my finger in with some more force but it just would not go.

Looking up I saw only pain and anguish on his face. "And you wanted me to fuck you?" I asked.

"I do, I do but I've never done it before." replied Chris bleatfully.

Silently swearing to myself, I told Chris to make himself comfortable on the bed whilst I found the Aquaglide.

With Chris 'doggy' fashion on the bed I gently greased up his anus before offering it a finger. With words of encouragement and a finger suitable greased I gently wormed it in. He initially tensed up then sighed. His anus was hot and yielded slowly to my prodding and worming, with his breathing still stilted; I slowly worked my finger back and forth before offering another. With perseverance and some assistance by playing with his cock and balls, I eventually managed to get a couple of fingers up his rectum.

Pulling my fingers out, he looked at me then asked if I was going to fuck him. Telling him that I would need his complete co-operation, I greased up my cock, 'prepped' him again by injecting gel into his rectum; then and only then did I press the tip of my eager cock against his anus. As Chris pressed back against my cock, I willed him to relax, to open for me. Suddenly the head of my cock slipped through his sphincter before closing rapidly behind the lip of my glans. Fuck me he was tight, painfully tight.

Gently I reached under and felt for his cock; unsurprisingly it was glass hard and dribbling copious amounts of precum. In an attempt to relax him I slowly started to masturbate Chris.

For a second I rested as Chris shouted out in pain. Still resisting, I told him to pretend that his having a large 'dump'. His moans got less as I slowly pushed my cock in. He muffled several cries as I slowly continued to enter his rectum, stopping every now and then to allow Chris to recover.

"Fucking Hell...How much more" he panted.

I kept talking to him all the time, coaxing him to become more relaxed. Slowly I pushed inch by inch further into his rectum until I could go no further.

Feeling my balls touch against his Chris enquired if it was all in; to which I replied;

"Yes that's the lot"

"Thank fuck for that," Chris' replied, for what else could be said.

"Pull it out and push it back in," he begged.

Slowly I pulled my cock from his virgin arse, the sensation of his rectum not wanting to release my cock was sensational; once out I took the opportunity to apply more Aquaglide before I slowly, with the fanfare of trapped wind, pushed it gently back in. He giggled then moaned softly. I started to fuck him slowly; pulling back until almost completely out, then gently back in; I did this until I felt his rectum give.

"Now I know what a woman feels," said Chris.

"What like a bitch," said I jokingly?

"Yes" replied Chris, "I think I'm becoming your bitch."

"Say that again" I replied.

What came next was a total surprise for Chris made a formal declaration "Do you Steve take me Chris as your bitch, to love honour and to cherish" bah; bah, bah:

With that I withdrew my cock, grasped his head with both hands and kiss him full on the mouth, and then so as to be more intimate I told him to assume the missionary position. Having jacked Chris' arse up with a couple of pillows and with his legs wrapped about my waist, I fucked him like any other lover.

Tears of joy streamed down his face as he fucked and bucked against my cock. All the while we were making grunting sounds of pleasure, our hands never still, for we were like two lovers. Feeling a tightening of his rectum I knew he must be close to orgasm so I lent back and watched his cock; precum with the texture of honey had dribbled out of his cock and pooled in the pit of his stomach from where it formed a chain; a chain I could only describe as a string of pearls.

As I stroked his cock, his heavy balls finally gave way. On the upstroke, cum shot into my clenched palm; using both hands I collected as much cum as possible before offering it to him, then with him licking and slurping away at my hand, I moaned as gush after gush of my own hot cum shot into his rectum, it must have gone on for about 30 seconds. Chris now totally sated then gave out the loudest of groans before dropping his splayed legs onto the bed. With my cock shrinking rapidly all I could do was withdraw, sit on the edge of the bed and watch as cum first flowed freely out then slowed with the closing of his anus.

Hearing sounds of gentle snoring I left Chris to it. Gathering our scattered clothing I separated it, before retiring to the bathroom to clean up and complete my ablutions. Whilst being under the shower I rigged up my douche bag (after all I had promised Chris a treat) and with the apparatus slowly emptying its contents into my body I sat down and wrote Chris a few notes. For if, he wished to be my bitch then I expected certain hygienic standards.

Needless to say, Chris got his well-deserved reward, as for being my bitch that's another story.