 A piece I wrote a few years ago.

*****

Joshua slipped a shirt into his bag as his roommate came into the room.

"You going home for the holidays?" His roommate asked as he sat on his bed.

"Yeah. Gotta go see my mom and dad." Joshua said. His roommate nodded and then Joshua ran his fingers through his hair, getting them tangled in the long brown strands, "I gotta get a haircut though." 

His sophomore year was rough and he'd let his hair grow to ten inches for various reasons. He had been the kid who had always had short hair growing up, buzzcuts had been his go to summer hairstyle and in the winter he sported a high and tight- his dad had said that it was one of the few decent haircuts a man could get and that if it had been good enough for when he had toured in the army, it was good enough for his son. Joshua knew that the moment that he arrived home, his parents would give him a firm talking to and then make him get it done anyways, so he decided to take matters into his own hands before he left for winter vacation.

Joshua's roommate chuckled, "No where's going to be open, dude." 

"I already made an appointment." Joshua pointed out as he put his running shoes into his duffel bag.

"Smart one. Okay, well, I'm heading out, have a good break." 

"Thanks. You too." Joshua zipped his bag shut and pulled on his shoes. 

He opened the door, headed downstairs, then exited the dorm, and walked down the street to the barber shop. 

He had never been to this particular one. It was a strange barber shop: for one, it was incredibly retro; and for two, it was also known to be run by a really attractive man named Steven. So Joshua decided to make an appointment with the ever famous Steven.

Joshua opened the the door, there was only one person in the entire barber shop, currently sitting in the waiting area, who he assumed was Steven

"Hi, you must be Joshua." The man with said. He was extremely attractive: young, strong, sporting a black pompadour, dressed in a button down and black jeans that ever so slightly showed off his bulge. 

Joshua smiled, "Yeah, I'm Joshua." He outstretched his hand and the man shook it. 

"I'm Steven." The barber said, "Well I guess we should get started, so take a seat." He gestured to a red faux leather barber chair that looked like something out of an old movie and all Joshua wanted to do was to sit in it, because it looked extremely comfortable.

Joshua was led over to the chair, he took a seat, and Steven stood behind him. 

Steven began to play around with Joshua's hair, combing it this way and that with his fingers so that he could get a sense of how it moved and what type of texture was present, "So. What do you want to do with your hair today?"

Joshua didn't ponder the question, he knew he wanted it short, "Well, I let it grow out for too long. I need a change..." he then shrugged, "Shave it all off." He looked at himself in the mirror and couldn't believe that those words had come out of his mouth. He knew that a shave was not a buzzcut, and a buzzcut had been the shortest hairstyle that he had ever had. He still wanted a change, a big change, so he stuck to what he said.

Steven looked at him through the mirror, his fingers had started to slow down the playing, "Why do you need a change? Sometimes it's better to talk it out then to shave it all off. Sometimes it takes time to think about it." 

"I recently broke up with... my boyfriend. He loved my hair." Joshua confessed, sure his parents had been a driving factor, but the reason his hair was long was not only because he had been lazy but also because of his ex-boyfriend's love of long hair on men, "I just want it all gone. It'll grow back. It's just hair."

Steven nodded, "Are you sure that you would like to go ahead?"

"Yeah. I'm sure. Just shave it all off." Joshua said as he folded his hands in his lap, he wasn't going to back down now.

Steven ran his fingers through Joshua's hair again, pulling it out a little so he could get a rough estimate of the length, "You've got good length. Unfortunately you only have about 8 and a half inches, so-" Steven was cut off by Joshua.

"I don't want to donate it anyways." 

Steven nodded and rested his hands on Joshua's shoulder and looked at him through the mirror, "Alright. I'm going to tie it off and cut that off before I buzz it down, since if it's that long it might jam the clippers, and then after the buzz, I'll shave down the stubble. That sound good?"

Joshua nodded in agreement, "Yeah." 

Steven smiled and then went over to his drawer and pulled out a striped cape. He unfolded it and then draped it over Joshua, not doing up the neck snap yet. He then went back into his drawer and got a neck strip, he put the paper around Joshua's neck and then snapped the cape shut. 

Joshua looked at himself in the mirror, he thought Steven was kinda hot, and he was starting to feel the stirrings of arousal in his groin. 

Steven pulled over his small metal rolling cart, which had a set of clippers on it, along with various guards, and a small trimmer. As Steven prepared his clippers, Joshua noticed a picture of a gorgeous blonde woman stuck between the frame and glass of Steven's mirror, "Is that your girlfriend."

Steven chuckled and shook his head, "No. That's my sister, Amy. We're really close." He chuckled, "I'm gay, so I'm definitely not going to have a girlfriend any time soon."

"Really?" Joshua questioned as Steven took a small hair elastic and started to gather Joshua's hair into a ponytail.

Steven nodded his head, "Yep." He pulled Joshua's ponytail taut in order to cut straight through the ponytail, of course this was for no reason, but Steven liked to be a professional anyways, and he was anticipating a potential change in plans from the man in his chair. 

Joshua peered at Steven's crotch, and to his surprise, he noticed that Steven was a little hard. "Are you aroused?"

Steven blushed, "Yes, I have a hot guy in my chair."

"Does this happen with all of your clients?" Joshua asked as he bit his lower lip a little seductively, but not overly. 

Steven shook his head, "No, I don't hook up with clients."

"Do you want to? I'm clean. No STDs ever." Joshua said as he looked at Steven through the mirror, feeling a sense of excitement starting to course through his body.

Steven nodded and the responded to the request, "I've never had any. And yes, I do want to. What about you?"

"Yes." Joshua replied shortly. 

Steven put his scissors down on his metal cart and then smirked, "the lucky thing about working here is that there are curtains everywhere, and no one cares about sexual pleasures." He went to the front of the shop and closed the curtains. "So, I'm guessing you're a bottom. I'm a top, and you're in need of my service, so I'm going to be the dom."

Joshua chuckled and nodded, "I am a bottom. And be forceful." He teased.

Steven turned the chair around quickly so that Joshua couldn't see himself, "Take off your clothes. I want to watch your cock grow as I shave your pretty little head." He took the cape off of Joshua and then removed the neck strip. He then waited for Joshua to get undressed.

Joshua finished getting undressed, he grabbed his cock, and started to stroke it. 

"You naughty boy. I'm going to make you my bald little whore." Steven said with an evil grin and a slightly seductive tone. "Ready?"

Joshua nodded and his heart rate picked up, "I'm ready."

Steven pulled the ponytail taut and then started to slice through it above the hair tie. It only took a few slices to sever the bundled hair. Steven smiled and then handed it to Joshua, "I want you to keep that safe for me. I want to keep it." He smiled and then ran his fingers through Joshua's hair, "so much better. Now you're starting to look like a real man again." He smiled and then ruffled Joshua's hair.

Joshua blushed and held onto his ponytail, realizing just how long his hair had been, "I didn't think it was this long."

"Well, it's not anymore." Steven said as he plugged his clippers into the wall. After seeing Joshua's eyes widen he continued, "see, I always say go with the louder and more antique clippers. The new ones just don't do the job the same." He scraped his fingers through Joshua's hair and against the man's scalp, "you'll see what I mean in a second." He popped an attachment on, "I want this to take some time. So we're gonna slowly cut it. We'll start with a little longer and then we'll go shorter until there's nothing left." He grabbed a fistfull of Joshua's hair and pulled, "How does that sound, slut?" He kissed Joshua hard for a brief moment.

"Very good, sir." Joshua responded with a smile.

Steven pushed Joshua's head down so that his chin was pressed against his chest, and then he turned the clippers on. The clippers hummed to life in Steven's right hand as he stood behind Joshua with a mischievous smile, "Now's your one time to back out, whore. Will you?"

Joshua couldn't see what was happening, for he wasn't facing the mirror, but he shook his head anyways. 

"Good," Steven said as he took his left hand and grabbed a piece of hair from the top of Joshua's head, pulled it straight up, took the clippers, and pressed the cold metal against Joshua's forehead before moved them through the long section of hair, cropping the hair an inch from the scalp. "No turning back now," he said when he finished that section, throwing the hair on Joshua's thigh.

Steven grabbed another chunk and cropped it as well, this time the hair fell into Joshua's lap, right next to his dick that had already become fully erect. Joshua tried to flick it away so he could start jacking off. 

"You don't get to move that. Leave that there." Steven warned as he cropped another small section.

Joshua dropped the strands of hair as Steven walked to Joshua's front and straddled him. 

Steven pressed his lips aggressively on Joshua's and cropped another section. The swath of hair fell and landed onto Joshua's shoulder, and then slid down his back. He enjoyed the feeling of being humiliated and punished, all factored in that he loved it when people played with his hair.

"You look so much better with shorter hair, so sexy. I can't wait to see your bald head and to rub my hands all over it." Steven said as the clippers claimed the rest of Joshua's hair, leaving only an inch all around. 

All the hair ended up either in Joshua's lap, on his shoulder, or near his butt, or on the floor.

Steven turned the clippers off and then ran his fingers through Joshua's short hair, gently scratching Joshua's scalp, to which Joshua pressed against his fingers, wishing for more. "Time to really shave you." Steven snapped off the attachment off his ancient whining clippers and then stalled for a moment.

Joshua sat there wondering what the hell was going on and why this wasn't continuing, but it wasn't long until Joshua returned from the backroom with a tripod and a camera, "I wanna film this. Can I?" Steven asked as he cupped Joshua's chin in the palm of his hand.

Joshua nodded, "Do it."

Steven set the tripod up with ease and turned on the camera, "Now you better stay still. Look directly at the camera." He grabbed Joshua's face and angled it so that there would be clear footage of his emotions and face during the process. 

Steven smiled, stood behind Joshua, and then turned his clippers on again, bringing them up to Joshua's forehead and let the vibration noise fill the room as he pulled them back taking off that section to a mere stubble. He stopped at the crown of Joshua's head and brought the vibrating machine down to the nape of Joshua's neck and slowly pulled them up. He repeated this motion again and again.

The hairs settled on Joshua's shoulders and also they fell against his erect nipples, and Joshua tried not to cum with all his might from the sensation and the humiliation, as 

Steven continued at a rapid pace taking off the rest of the length. 

When all the length was gone, Steven turned off the clippers, and smiled as he ran his hands over the stubble making Joshua shiver, "You like that don't you?" he teased. 

Joshua tried to not cum, "Ye-ye-ye-yes."

Steven looked at him coldly grabbing his ears and tilting his head back so that he could look in the other's face and then sternly said, "Yes what?!"

"Yes, sir." Joshua said as he looked down at his hands which we folded in his lap.

"Don't you dare fucking cum." Steven warned with a stern and cold voice as he pulled out a straight razor and a towel. He draped the towel over his shoulder, and pulled out the strop and started sharpening the blade. He put the straight razor on his station and went to the back of the shop and made some shaving foam. He returned a few minutes later with fresh shaving foam and quickly began to use the badger brush in circular motion to apply the foam to Steven's stubbly head. Steven picked up his straight razor and then warned Joshua, "Stay still. I need to shave this close, and I don't want to knick your pretty little head." He brandished the straight razor and slowly started shaving against the stubble, wiping his blade after every stroke. When he finished Joshua's head was covered in excess foam, so he took a wet warm towel and wiped off the excess foam. 

Steven looked and admired his handiwork for a second before swiveling the chair around so that Joshua could look at himself.

Joshua gasped and smiled as he looked in the mirror at his pale naked head, he actually really liked it.

Steven smiled as he put all the equipment away, "You're such a beauty. You've got a very nice head when it's hairless." Steven said as he turned off the camera. He straddled Joshua and ran his hand down his neck. Joshua shivered and moaned, he grabbed himself and rubbed his cock. "You dirty little slut." Steven said as he took out his own cock from his fly and smeared his pre-cum over Joshua's bald head. He smiled and continued rubbing his pre-cum onto Joshua's pale hairless scalp, "You like it when I rub that perfectly smooth head and neck, huh, my bald little slave?" He continued to rub it, "I shaved your head very nicely, now it's perfectly smooth." He sighed and then looked at all the hair on the ground, "I knew that under that disgusting hair there was a beautiful boy."

Joshua lurched in trying to keep himself calm. 

"This will be a sign to everyone that you're a slave and that you're mine." Steven said as he took of his shirt. He pulled down his pants, "All fours on my chair and lean against the back of it so I can see that pretty ass."

Joshua did as he was told and knelt on the chair, wrapping his arms around the back, presenting his ass.

Steven rubbed his cock on Joshua's head and Joshua moaned, before Steven grabbed a condom, sliding it on before grabbing a handful of shaving foam rubbed it on his cock and then shoved it up Joshua's ass as he slid his tongue along the nape of Joshua's neck. He grabbed Joshua's ears again and pulled back to see Joshua's face, "Cum. Cum for me slave. Cum when I tell you to."

Joshua scrunched up his face and then sprayed his cum on the chair, before Steven yanked Joshua's head back by his ears and came in his ass.

Steven pulled out a few moments later and looked Joshua in the eyes, "Bald's a good look on you. Shorn, shaved, and perfectly smooth. My sexy bald slave, and now people will know that." He sighed and smiled, "I better get to fuck you again, and I would like to take you out to dinner now."

Joshua smiled, "I was hoping you would say that... I'll call my parents and tell them that I will come home late. I want that. It would be perfect." He handed over the ponytail like it was a sacrifice and Steven took it and smiled, "I think I'll keep this."

Joshua smiled and nodded in response.

He never had to visit a different barber again.