 My name is Steve, and I recently turned homosexual, and I now serve a very tough, but fair Master who loves and let's me cum as much as needed. This is the story of how I was not only turned gay, but also submissive. 

I was having dinner with my girlfriend one night, and we're about to leave when I had to use the men's room. 

Now to describe myself, I'm 5'10, 155lbs, with medium length blonde hair, blue eyes, and I have a nice 10-inch cock in my pants. 

I walk into the mens room, and notice a man on his knees, performing oral sex on another man. 

I turn to leave, hoping I wasn't noticed, when the man receiving the oral sex grabs me by the shoulder and turns me around. 

I look at this man, he's about 5'11, well toned and muscular, bald head, and green eyes, and he's pants are still around his ankles, but, he's cock looks bigger than mine. 

"Where are you going, stud?" He asks 

"I...I'm not gay, leave me alone." I say, but no sooner do the words leave my mouth, he pulls me in close and kisses me, and his hand goes to the bulge in my pants. 

"Wha...what are you doing?" I say, pushing his hand away. 

He kisses me again, I can't believe I'm getting turned on by this, and again his hand goes to the bulge in my pants. 

"Open your pants!" He says, locking eyes with me. 

I can't believe it, I'm complying with his order, I lower my pants, and now I'm just standing in my boxer shorts. 

He reaches inside my boxers and firmly grips my rock hard 10-inch cock. 

Slowly he begins stroking me, kissing me, he rips my shirt open and begins sucking on my nipples. 

"No...please...I'm...I'm...not...gay...please..." I say, trying to plead with the man. 

Now he begins stroking a little faster, and I notice some precum begins oozing from the head of my cock. 

"NO! Please...please don't make cum...I'll give you anything...NO! UNHHH!" I grunt, as my cock jerks and I shoot my load all over his hand and wrist. 

He kisses me one more time, then he licks my cum off his hand. 

I look at this man in shock. 

"You're going to return the favor...on your knees..." He says, pushing down on my shoulders so I have no choice but to go to my knees. 

He begins wiping the head of his hard cock over my mouth. 

"No...no...I'm...I'm...I'm not gay...please..." I plead before finally opening my mouth and taking his hard, throbbing cock in my mouth. 

I actually don't mind his cock in my mouth, I find that it's actually turning me on as I begin bobbing my head up and down on his shaft. 

"That's a good boy...suck daddy's cock..." He says, running his fingers through my hair. 

"If you make me cum, I'll reward you. I know you want to cum again." 

I feel his precum begin to fill my mouth, I try to pull back, but, he firmly grips the back of my head, holding me in place. 

"No, you don't. Daddy is going to give you something to swallow and you WILL swallow it." He says, as he now begins fucking my mouth. I begin gagging as his cock touches the back of my throat. 

After what feels like forever, his cock throbs and I feel his cum fill my mouth. He releases my head, and I remain on my knees as I struggle to swallow his load. 

"What was that about not being gay, sissy boy?" 

I just look up at him, finally lowering my eyes in submission. 

"Good boy, look up at me and say: 'Yes, Master' Say it, sissy boy." He demands 

"Y-y-yes M-m-master." I can't believe I'm actually saying this. 

"Stand up, boy." 

I slowly get to my feet, and he cups my face in his hands, and he kisses me again, and I feel his hand wrap around my throbbing cock. 

"Beg me to make you cum...I said: 'Beg', sissy boy." He demands 

"Please, please, please Master, make this sissy boy cum, please, Master, this boy begs you, please, make him cum." I say, my eyes still lowered. 

"Good boy." He says, as he slowly begins stroking me, he's really taking his time this time. 

"After this, daddy will take you home and fuck you good and hard, would you like that?" He asks. 

"Yes...yes Master..." I moan as he begins stroking me a little bit faster. 

Before long I'm ready to cum. 

"Cum for me, you fucking sissy, cum, right now." He orders, just as my cock throbs, and my load shoots all over his hand and wrist. 

"Good boy!" He says, bringing his hand to my mouth, and I willingly begin cleaning his hand off. 

"Fix your clothes. I'm sure that woman you came with is still waiting for you, you need to tell her that you're leaving with me. I'll be waiting in the lobby for you, don't keep me waiting." He says, kissing me again. 

After a very awkward conversation with my now ex-girlfriend, I meet my new Master in the lobby of the restaurant. 

To my surprise, once we're in his car, he wants me to open my pants again and he begins stroking me again. 

"What are you doing to me?" I ask. 

He says nothing and begins stroking me faster, rubbing the tip of his thumb over the head of my cock, which is super sensitive. 

"Please...not again...please...don't...NO!" I yell as my cock throbs and I once again cum. 

"Good sissy, you're making daddy very proud. For not being gay, you sure are enjoying being jerked off by a man." He says, taking my hand and putting it on his cock. 

I wrap my hand around his manhood and slowly begin stroking him. He pulls over on the shoulder of the highway, and kisses me again. 

"I think I'm I love, sissy boy..." He says, looking into my eyes. 

"Master? Is it ok for me to say that I know I'm in love?" I ask, still slowly stroking him. 

He looks at me and giggles. "It's no secret that you're in love, sissy boy, you've cum 3 times so far, I bet that woman you were with didn't even do that to you, did she?" 

I say nothing and just kiss him, as I continue to stroke his rock hard cock. 

"Stop stroking me, I want to feel your mouth on me once again, but, this time, beg me to let you suck me off, do it, sissy boy." 

"Master? Please, let this sissy boy suck your cock, it's all I want to do, I just want to feel my mouth being filled with your hard cock." 

With his hand on the back of my head, he forces me down on his cock, I can already feel his cock touching the back of my throat, I gag a little at first. 

Slowly I begin bobbing my head up and down in his lap, I can feel my cock growing in my pants. 

He slides his hand inside the back of my pants and begins rubbing my ass. 

"Wait until my cock is buried inside you, sissy boy. You'll really be in love with me after that." 

I moan my approval as I continue bobbing my head up and down on his hard shaft. 

"Are you ready for me to cum, sissy boy?" 

I making a grunting sound, just as his cock erupts in my mouth, I again struggle to swallow his load, but, some how I do. 

I raise my head from his lap and kiss him again. 

"Let's go home." He says, pulling his car back on the highway. 

A few minutes later, we arrive at his home. 

We hold hands heading up the walk way, once inside, he pushes me against the door and again he begins kissing me. 

"Bend over..." He whispers in my ear. 

I comply with his order, and he orders me to lower my pants and my boxers. 

I actually begin trembling with fear. 

"Please...please don't hurt me..." I say, tears in my eyes. 

"Don't worry, sissy boy, I'm wearing a lubricated condom." He says, as he places the head of his cock at the rim of my anus. 

He pushes just the head inside me, but, it still hurts. 

"OW!" I say. Then, he just violently rams himself into my tight, virgin asshole. 

"OOOOOOWWWWWWWW!" I scream, the pain is so intense, I actually drop to my knees, but, thankfully he's there to help me back to my feet. 

He begins fucking me, slow at first, reaching around and stroking my cock as he fucks me. 

"Are you still in love, sissy boy? Tell me you love me, come on, I need to hear you say it!" He whispers in my ear. 

"Oh...My...God...YES! I...love...you...Master...this...sissy...boy...loves...you..." I say, in between moans. 

He begins stroking my cock faster and fucking me faster at the same time. 

I can't believe I'm close to cumming again. 

"Cum for me, you sissy...cum...right now..." He orders, as the cum just shoots out of my cock, all over his hand, my stomach and his floor. My legs are so weak that I drop to my knees with him still inside me. 

Thankfully he cums at that moment too. 

I'm actually too weak to stand and I just collapse on the floor. 

He lays on top of me and again we begin kissing. 

"You made my cock cum in your ass, sissy boy." He whispers in my ear. 

I can't believe what I'm doing, I reach between his legs and firmly grip his semi-hard cock and begin stroking him again. 

"You read my mind..." He whispers, as he begins kissing my neck again. 

Before long he's fully hard again. 

"Can you get on your knees, boy?" He asks. 

I smile and nod my head 'yes' and quickly get up on my knees. 

I willingly open my mouth and take his 12-inch cock to the back of my throat, the my surprise, I don't gag this time. 

Slowly I begin bobbing my head up and down on his manhood, feeling my own cock begin to grow. 

I reach my hands around and firmly grip his ass, using the middle finger off my right hand to find his asshole and slowly enter him. 

"You naughty boy! Fingering my ass? I love it." He says, gripping the back of my head so he can fuck my face 

I begin to slowly pump my finger in and out of his dirty hole, as he begins abusing my face, bouncing his balls off of my chin. 

I can feel the precum fill my mouth, I'm so so ready to have him cum in my mouth. 

"Ready for me to cum? UHNNNH!" He grunts as he erupts in my mouth. I stay there for a second, making sure to get every drop of his load in my mouth. 

I pull back and swallow his seed with pride. 

"You're a good little cock sucker, are you sure you've never had cock before tonight?" 

"No, Master, I've never had cock before tonight." I say. 

He reaches his hand out and helps me to my feet and even helps me walk to the bed, and lays me down. 

"I think you deserve to cum one more time!" He says, kissing my chest and firmly gripping my hard cock. 

"Please...no...no more!" I moan as he begins stroking again, his hand feels so good wrapped around my manhood. 

"You gotta stop saying 'No', especially when I'm trying to please you." He says, just before he stops stroking me and takes me in his mouth. 

I actually had to stop myself from cumming right then. His mouth is so warm and wet. 

I watch in amazement as his head begins to bob up and down on my cock. 

Gently he begins cupping my balls, softly squeezing them, then he pushes me over the edge, he pushes his middle finger inside my asshole, sending me over the edge. I cum hard, shooting my load down his throat. 

He doesn't swallow though, instead, he moves up my body and kisses me, spitting my load into my mouth. I struggle a bit, but, I swallow my load. 

I lay there for a moment, struggling to catch my breath. 

"Do you want to continue in the morning?" He asks, noticing how tired I look. 

"Yeah, that might be a good idea." I say. 

He kisses me one more time and quickly turns the light out. 

I quickly drift off to sleep, thinking about the fun we'll have in the morning.