 Steve flopped down onto his bed, his muscles aching from the hour and a half he had spent working out in the gym. After a few minutes he got up, fixed himself a drink of water and switched his computer on. He was tired and a little horny, he hooked himself up with a porn site, hit random image and was confronted by a woman with three huge black cocks in her mouth. Nice, he thought to himself. He hit random again and got another image, this time of a blonde with cum dripping from her mouth. More of the same followed, then he hit random once more and up came two men, a white guy and a black guy, the white guy on his knees, the black guy with his cock in the white guys mouth, his hands holding the white guys head in place. Steve looked at the photo for a little while, feeling repulsion, then intrigue, then... he hit the 'next' button to take him to the next image in the gallery, the same two guys, this time, the black guys huge hard cock was buried deep in the white guys throat... 

Steve had viewed the whole gallery, watched the videos, then gone back to looking at images of women being fucked again. He took his achingly erect cock from his shorts, caressed it gently at first and then took a firm grip of himself. His hand slowly rose up and down his cock, he twisted his hand around slightly, made sure he pulled his foreskin right back, revealing the head. Steve's mind filled with the images he had seen on the computer, he thought about the blonde, he thought about the bitch getting fucked by the big black cocks, he thought about the white guy with the black guys cock in his mouth. Once that image had come up, Steve tried to force himself back to the women, but he couldn't get the image, nor the subsequent ones out of his head. He gave up trying to remove them and concentrated on the images and movie of the men, fucking and sucking each other. He thought about being the white guy, having the huge black cock in his mouth, he thought about wrapping his lips around the giant purple head, all the while still stroking his own cock. He thought about having that big black cock fill his mouth, his throat with it's size, that fucker must've been ten inches long.

As pre-cum began to form on the top of Steve's cock, he rubbed it around the head with his thumb, then he licked his thumb, tasting his own. Visions of that thick black cock filled his head, visions of him being bent over and that the black stud ripping his virgin arse apart, forcing that huge dick inside him. Steve moved his hand up and down his shaft faster and faster, his arm tensed, his mind full of dicks, his imagined the black guy shooting a hot load of cum in his face and then Steve felt his body tense as his own cum spurted out of his cock, covering his t-shirt, jeans and his hand. Steve went to lick the cum from his fingers, but stopped just short. The intensity and pleasure of his orgasm quickly turning to guilt as he thought about what he had been fantasising about, after all, Steve was a straight man, he wasn't supposed to be turned on by hard fat cocks, he liked women, he loved them, their curves, their breasts, the taste of a hot wet pussy...

Steve changed his jeans and shirt, put them in the wash and then made himself a meal. He sat at the table in his dining room as he ate, the T.V on but paying no attention to it, his mind wandering all over the place. I need to get laid.... He decided that his earlier fantasy must've just been the product of not having had sex in a few weeks and curiosity, after all, he couldn't be gay, could he? 

...o0o...

Steve woke at seven thirty, showered, cleaned his teeth and dressed, he had a conference to attend at work. He was not looking forward to it, these things dragged on for hours. When he arrived he went into the building, grabbed a cup of coffee, spoke to a few colleagues from other offices, and then went to see who was around outside. Steve spotted Mark and Melissa, the pair of them chatting away, smoking at the end of the drive. He walked over to them, chatted to them before it was time for the conference to start. 

At the first break, he took a coffee, used the bathroom and spent some time outside, again chatting with Melissa and Mark. Melissa was a short women and a big woman. Steve admired her cleavage, her breasts were huge, and the low cut top she was wearing showed them off perfectly, perhaps a little too perfectly as Steve caught himself staring at them whilst Mark spoke to him. 

Lunchtime came around, Steve headed to the toilet. On the way out of the cubicle he bumped into Melissa. "You having fun?"

"So much."

"Your top is..."

"Ha-ha, you're the second person to comment on that today, do you like what you see?"

"Definitely."

"Mark likes it too, that boy is hot for me."

"I can see why."

"I'd better get some lunch, talk to you later." Melissa walked back into the main room. Steve walked outside, if she wasn't so fat... I'd fuck her... Mark is such a chubby-chaser, still, they say fat chicks fuck the best....

...o0o...

At home that evening Steve spent more time on the internet, looking at more pornography. Same, site, similar images, and he couldn't get the idea of sucking a cock out of his head. He did a search on the internet for sex in his local area, found a site where people were posting for no strings fun. He read some of the posts, some were advertising group sessions, some were offering money to have their dick sucked and some were just offering up their arses. Steve thought about the possibilities, thought about going through with it, posting a message, replying to a message, but ultimately shut the computer off and went to watch television.

As Steve watched the shows, he couldn't remove the website from his mind, couldn't stop thinking about the posts, and he felt his cock begin to harden. He rubbed it through his jeans whilst he thought about the possibilities, and then he gave in, switched the computer on, went to the web page, found an interesting looking post, a guy offering himself to first timers, promising to go gentle. Steve hit him up with an email and then waited, flicking through various images of men fucking and sucking other men, he needed ideas of what to do, after all. 

Within ten minutes, Steve got a reply. The man said that he had a flat about five miles from where Steve lived. He had also attached a picture of his cock and a picture of his face. He was an older man, early fifties. His cocked looked to be around seven inches, average thickness, and Steve found this very exciting. Steve replied to the man, telling him how nice his cock looked and that he'd be around to him in a little while. 

Before leaving the house, Steve showered, put on clean clothes, made sure he looked presentable. The drive only took Steve ten minutes, he pulled up outside the house, checked himself in the mirror and got out of the car. He walked up the driveway, his head spinning with nervous energy, could he go through with this? As he reached the front door, he hesitantly reached out to ring the door bell. The bell chimed and a short time later, the man from the email opened the front door. He invited Steve in, they exchanged pleasantries and Steve was offered a drink."Just water will be fine."

The man, Thomas, brought Steve a glass of water, and they spoke about what was going to happen, Thomas put his hand on Steve's thigh. "You work out a lot..."

"I do, I like to get a few hours in the gym every day." Steve felt slightly nervous at Thomas' touch.

"Please, relax." Thomas and Steve carried on talking for a while, Steve asked questions about how often Thomas did this sort of thing, explained that he had never been with another man before

Finally, Thomas lead Steve through his bedroom. Thomas told him to sit on the end of the bed, Steve did so. Thomas told him to remove his shirt, which Steve did. Thomas then sat next to him and put a hand on his chest. Steve flinched at the other man's touch, but Thomas kept his hand still. He then began to stroke Steve's chest, down to his stomach and back up again. He then leaned in and kissed Steve's nipples, sucking on them slightly, Steve breathed a sigh of pleasure. Thomas then eased Steve down on to his back, he carried on kissing and licking Steve's chest, Steve let his mind go, decided that the pleasure out weighed the nervousness. Thomas then moved himself down the bed, kissing all the way down Steve's stomach. When he reached the waist line of Steve's jeans he undid the top button, slowly pulled down the zip. Steve's cock was hard, bulging in his jeans, Thomas placed a hand over the top of it, rubbing it through Steve's jeans, before pulling them down. Thomas kissed Steve's cock through his boxers, licking along it's hard length, before pulling the boxers down and off, leaving them on his floor. Thomas kissed Steve's thighs, ran his hand up Steve's body, feeling the muscles in Steve's abdomen, he had a perfect six-pack. Thomas took hold of of Steve's cock, rubbed it a few times before planting a kiss on the head. Steve breathed in sharply, and then Thomas put his mouth over the hard cock and sank down on it, taking it all the way in. His tongue ran the length of Steve's cock, around the head, he dragged his teeth up the shaft, placed a hand on Steve's balls, the other hand stroking Steve's six-pack.

Steve lay back with his eyes closed, feeling the loving mouth of Thomas on his hard cock. Steve murmured with joy as the older man sucked his cock. Thomas then took his mouth off of Steve's cock, stood up and undressed himself, then lead on the bed next to Steve. "Do you want to touch my cock?"

Steve nodded, and put his hand around Thomas' cock, he began to stroke up and down, putting the little twist in at about half way. "Do you want to suck it?"

Steve nodded, sat himself up and put his mouth over the seven inch cock. His mouth went up and down on the shaft, then Thomas told him to wait, took his cock from Steve's mouth and lay down, his head next to Steve's cock, his cock, next to Steve's head. "Now, suck me whilst I suck you," he said. 

Both men took each others cocks in their mouths and sucked each other, Thomas put his hands onto Steve's solid muscle arse, lightly slapping it as he sucked the younger man's dick. Through a mouthful of hard cock, Steve let out noises of pleasure. He felt good, he couldn't believe how good it felt, sucking a cock whilst his was being sucked, and one thing, he thought to himself, is that this guy sucked cock better than any woman! Steve then felt a familiar sensation, his balls tightened, "I'm going to cum!" He said, before sucking Thomas' cock harder than ever. He felt the cum rising, and then he let out a scream as he orgasmed harder than he ever had before, filling Thomas' mouth with hot cum. Thomas kept sucking until it was all out, then took his own cock out of Steve's mouth. "I'm going to fuck you now, Steve, I'm going to lay you down and make love to you, I'm going to put my big, hard, thick cock up your virgin arsehole and I'm going to fill you full of my hot sticky cum."

"Ok! Steve said, rolling over onto his back and getting up on his hands and knees.

"No, on your back."

Steve rolled over again, Thomas reached into a drawer in his bedside cabinet, pulled out a bottle of lube. He stood up, positioned himself between Steve's legs, liberally applied lube to his cock and onto Steve's arsehole, rubbed the head of his cock against the hole and then pushed in. Steve optimised, this hurt. Thomas did nothing with his cock as he let Steve's arse relax a little and then he began to thrust in and out, slowly so as not to cause the young man any pain. Steve soon got used to the thick cock in his arse, and began to enjoy it. Thomas thrusted in and out, picking up speed, giving this anal virgin a good hard fucking. Steve felt his cock growing hard again, Thomas reached down and started to stroke it, Steve felt another sensation, one he'd never felt before, and before he could do anything to stop it, hot cum was flowing once again from his cock, he screamed in ecstasy, Thomas laughed and fucked him harder and harder, the older man's face contorting with pleasure as he himself began to feel himself cum. Just before he did, he pulled his cock out, pulled Steve into a sitting position and let his cum fly into Steve's face. They both collapsed back onto the bed, smiling and exhausted.

Steve arrived home a little later, took another shower and got himself an early night.