 I laid there for a while, just smiling and remembering the look and feel and taste of him, no idea how long but when I looked at the clock I saw that I only had a half hour or so before my wife got home. I got out of bed quickly, smiling more at the that sweet sore feeling that started at the backs of my legs from being bent back, and radiated up into my (his) asshole. I showered and got dressed, and was sitting in the living room when she got home, trying my best not to grin at the memories.

I kissed her when she came through the door, wondering for a fleeting moment if she could taste his cock on my breath. But the thought quickly passed when she spouted in an irritated tone, "I can't believe they're making me go out of town on business the week you & I were supposed to be at the lake." I asked her what she meant, and tried to listen as she explained about her boss's plans for her to try to set up a new account for a client, but my mind was as much on Mike's last words to me as it was to my wife's ramblings.

The next two weeks before her trip passed in both a blur and seemed to take forever at the same time. Every waking moment when I wasn't busy doing something, I thought about Mike, but I made myself wait until I knew she was going to really be gone before I sent him a text message as he directed.

The day came for her departure, and every minute seemed like an hour until, finally, we got in the car for me to take her to the airport. I half-listened to her on the drive there, the other half of my mind already feeling and tasting him. I gave her a long, slow, deep, sensual kiss before she passed through security at the airport, and made myself watch her as she passed through and then disappeared out of sight through the terminal after a turning for a final smile and wave to me.

I hustled from the terminal and to my car, forcing myself to drive safely out of the lot. I made a quick stop at a drugstore on the way home, and hustled inside, peeling off my clothes as I moved through the house. I wanted to be ready for him, so I gave myself an enema (after a brief struggle, as it was my first time) and then took a hot shower. I toweled off and put on cologne, then laid in bed naked and spooled through my contacts until I saw "Owner". 

I decided not to beat around the bush, and typed in the text message "Wife's out of town for the week, and I'm home alone, naked and ready." 

It wasn't 20 seconds before I got the reply, "What a coincidence, I'm home alone and naked too... wanna cum over?" 

I grinned and sprung off the bed, digging out a pair of shorts and a t-shirt as I texted back, asking for his address. I was putting on my tennis shoes as I got his response, so I told him I'd be there shortly, grabbed my keys and wallet, and jetted out the door.

He lived about a half hour from me, and I was familiar with his area, but I made myself obey all the traffic laws getting there so I wouldn't be unnecessarily delayed. I pulled up into his subdivision and saw a really nice, neat, clean ranch style house with his number on it, and I eased into the driveway, stopping in front of his garage door.

He must have been watching for me, because he pulled his door open as I reached to knock. It took everything I could not to drop to my knees in his doorway, because he was completely naked and I wanted his cock bad. He chuckled as he reached out and took my hand to pull me through the door, whispering "patience, baby," as it closed.

He let go of my hand and turned to walk through his house, and I followed him, entranced by the look of his body as he moved, but still able to kick out of my shoes and peel off my clothes so that I was completely naked too when we got to the living room. He turned back to face me, pulling me to him and kissing me hard, his hands sliding from the small of my back to cup and squeeze my asscheeks, grinding my so-hard cock into his thigh.

"Hungry, baby?" he asked after breaking off the kiss and sitting on the couch before me, his legs spread wide, his thick, soft, black meat on display and oh so available to me. 

"Starved" I murmured in response, dropping to my knees with my hands on his thighs, sliding my palms over his skin to feel his muscles as I bent forward to take the head of his cock in my mouth, sucking on it lightly, my tongue dancing around it feather-soft. 

"Mmmmmmmmmmmm yeah baby, that's it, just like that," he moaned, his hands lifting to rest gently on my head. I took my time, using my lips and tongue to explore his meat, loving the feel of it growing harder and hotter in my mouth, loving the feel and taste of his precum as it started to ooze from his slit.

I let my hands wander up and over his upper thighs, his stomach, his chest, my fingertips finding his nipples just as he came to full hardness. I wrapped my lips tight around his shaft just beneath the head and looked up at him, sucking hard so that my cheeks caved in a little, my thumbs and forefingers rolling his nipples gently in time with my head as it started to move up and down.

I could tell he liked it, and I liked that he liked it, when I felt his fingers tighten a little on my head and he moaned a soft "Oh goddam baby," his hips starting to rock in time with the motions of my head. I began to pause every time only the head was in my mouth so that my tongue could flick over his head and I could pinch his nipples a little harder, the sounds of his moans and his gasps for breath turning me on even more.

I slowly slid my hands back down his body, looking up at him as I let his cock slip from my mouth so I could kiss my way down his shaft to his balls and nuzzle them gently. I moaned with him as I grasped his cock in one hand and stroked it slow and gentle, my other hand lifting his balls so I could bury my face under them and let my tongue search out his pucker. 

"Oh fuck baby that's gonna make me cum," he gasped, rocking his hips forward to give me better access. 

"Please do," I grinned up at him just before I stiffened my tongue and drove it into his hole, tongue fucking him fast and hard, my hand beginning to move faster and faster, feeling his smooth-hard cock throbbing and jerking in my grasp.

His whole body was jerking as I used my mouth and hands to pleasure him, trying to time it just right. I did, perfectly, popping my tongue free from inside of him and lifting my head quickly, sucking hard on the pink head of his cock and stroking the dark black shaft fast and hard just as he started to cum. I didn't know it was possible for a man to cum that much, as it filled my mouth to the point that it started to leak out at the corners, but I kept sucking and stroking until he grabbed my head and jerked my mouth from him, unable to take any more.

I settled back on my knees, grinning up at him as I opened my mouth so he could see how full it was, before closing it so I could swallow his salty-sweet treat for me. My hand reached out to drag a finger over the slit in the head of his cock so I could gather the last of it, grinning and moaning "Thank you," as I lifted it to my lips to suck clean. 

"Oh no baby, thank you," he grinned back at me before leaning forward so he could slip his hands under my arms and guide me to my feet before him, my rock-hard cock jutting out in front of me.

"Your turn, baby," he whispered as he leaned forward, one hand sliding around my hip and over my asscheek to tease at his hole as the other wrapped a thumb and forefinger tight around the base of my shaft, tight enough to be a little painful and make the head engorge and turn purple. "Just cum whenever you want, baby," he whispered again, leaning forward more to suck the head of my cock in his mouth, then the whole shaft, not stopping until his lips touched his fingers, his thick middle finger teasing at the pucker of his asshole and finally slipping inside when he started bobbing his head back and forth in short, hard, jabbing motions.

The sensations were almost overwhelming, and I had no idea what to do. I rested my hands on his head and tried to rock my hips back and forth, but the tight grip he had on my cock kept me from moving. He started moaning around my shaft as he sucked me, pushing his finger fully into me every time his lips touched his fingers, and pulling it completely out every time only the head was in his lips. I felt the sensations building way too quick, and I was moaning and whimpering and gasping all at the same time, needing to cum but unable to with the vice-like grasp he had on me.

"Ready to cum for me, baby?" he asked as he let my cock plop free, his finger driving deep into his ass and wiggling around. 

"Oh fuck yes," I almost screamed back, needing what only he could give. 

"Yes what, baby?" he chuckled, teasing his lips over the head of my cock. 

This time I did scream, "Oh fuck yes please, please let me cum," my hips jerking against both of his hands, trying to find release.

"Good boy," he moaned, wrapping his lips around just the head of my cock and sucking hard, just as he jerked his hand from between my asscheeks and released his grip on the base of my shaft. I honestly don't know if I've every cum that hard in my life, and don't think I could've stayed standing if it wasn't for my hands on his head, steadying myself. The orgasm seemed to ripple through my whole body and into his mouth as I spasmed again and again, each one almost making my stomach muscles cramp until I shuddered to a stop, spent.

He waited a minute or two until my breathing slowed and I was steady enough for him to stand, one of his hands sliding up to the back of my head to pull my parted lips to his, his tongue pushing all of my cum into my mouth, and I knew he was smiling against my lips as I moaned, swallowing greedily. He pulled his head back slowly until we could focus on each other's eyes, and I verified that he was, indeed, smiling. "Still hungry, baby?" he chuckled, which turned into a laugh when I grinned back, "Starved".

"Unfortunately, I have an appointment & have to go, so you'll just have to wait, baby," he said as he turned to bend and pick up my clothes to hand them to me. 

I watched that sexy ass move and his sweet cock dangle as he did, but still murmured a soft "damn". 

"It's okay, I'll make sure your hunger is satisfied," he said, smiling as he watched me reluctantly get dressed. "I'm having some friends over tomorrow night, if you want to come by," I heard him say, and watched him grin when he saw the confusion on my face. He placed a hand at the small of my back and led me from the living room and down the hall, passing by what I assumed was his bedroom from the king-sized bed in it, then what I assumed was a guest room as it had two twin beds in it. We stopped at a door that was closed, and his hand slid down from my back over my asscheek to lift up the hem of my shorts so he could tease a finger into the cleft between my cheeks to tease further at his hole. 

"Don't worry baby, they're the kind of friends I think you'll like," he whispered as he opened the door so I could see inside, and I involuntarily moaned as I took it all in: the room was, quite simply, obviously set up for sex! A sex swing dangled from the ceiling, a large X-shaped cross with restraints for wrists and ankles against the far wall, a padded bench/sawhorse off to one side, a large-screen TV with a rack of porn videos against one wall, the other wall with shelves stocked with dildos, vibes, butt plugs, lube, more restraints, whips and crops, and all manner of other toys.

"Oh fuck yes, I'll be here," I gasped softly, feeling the grin on his lips as it slid from my ear, over my cheek, to the corner of my mouth. 

"Good boy."