 Please note that I am a strong advocate of safe sex but have bareback sex only with my long term (status known) boyfriend as in this true story.

*****

We were almost halfway through our 2 weeks of winter sunshine and the all over tans were great, 5 days at the beach and an afternoon with our neighbour on the terrace.

Dave wasn't my first partner and to be fair, I'd bottomed with a couple of previous guys but it was always slightly (or more) uncomfortable than I wanted and I had hang ups about all sorts. Then I discovered a new diet that really helped settle me my body to be (shall we say) more receptive and along came Dave. Literally. He came almost more than anyone I knew and for long enough, I was happy slurping it down greedily.

I was sick of the first question any casual shag asked being "top or bottom?" I mean, you don't have to do either and for long enough, we didn't. But he had the cutest dick I ever could have asked for. Yes, I've seen bigger but who wants to stretched or split so that the next day- or heaven forbid- the rest of your life is a pain in the ass? I'd seen smaller too and they did nothing for me, no this was just right, a mouthful that didn't give me a sore throat after I'd been sucking on it all night but large enough to put a not-too-stretched smile on my face the next day.

Guys had often complemented me on my arse on account, I think, of my cycling, walking and swimming. Those little glutes were firm enough and I guess thanks to my genes, I hadn't inherited buttocks like a gorilla so luck and exercise combined to give me a good pair of cheeks. A love of plenty of pool water and an aversion to dirt gave me an always clean and rimmable asshole.

One day I was bored, all alone and looking on the internet at one thing which led to another and eventually I was watching some free porno. You could choose the category you wanted and some were bordering, for me at least, on the ridiculous. But it gave me a want for trying anal without the pained expressions on the faces of some twink being pounded by an improbably huge cock. Sorry if that disappoints but I can't see the point of discomfort or pain in that sense, okay you can bite me or chew on my nipples, slap my butt cheeks a little but I want enjoyment at the same time. And some of the guys seemed to get a kick out of being bumfucked so I guessed by taking it gently, with a small but perfectly formed cock, we could give it a go. So we did. 

I had bought some poppers, which always made me even hornier and in moderation I avoided the morning after headache. They certainly loosened me up too. And with lube and some sexy underwear, we were all set. I kept the lube and poppers hidden away the first time, we went for a walk in the woods and I said I needed to pee, then removed my tracksuit bottoms when Dave wasn't looking, leaving me in just the backless briefs. He liked what he saw, stuck his tongue down my throat and after dropping his trousers and letting me suck him until he was hard, out came the poppers and lube. A good sniff for each of us and some lube gently rubbed by me into his throbbing cock whilst he fingered and lubed up my hole as I was bent down and he was soon teasing my crack as my crack teased his cock. And in it slipped, there in the woods. 

Now it didn't last too long the first few times but one thing I realised was how much I wanted his seed. He was a prolific cummer and it was nice to feel the warmth of his juice fill my arsehole. Of course, things progressed and lasted longer, and occasionally we'd had sex with strangers at the beach near where we lived but only ever let them watch us fuck, or fucked after we'd satisfied them orally or by hand.

And so here we were, on holiday and with 2 shags under our belt, laid on the beach in a little sheltered circle of rocks, our towels overlapping so no sand would disturb our comfort and inactivity. Or activity... Naked as ever, except for my cockring and enjoying the sun. I sat up and there were few people around so I kissed Dave on his stomach, flat and smooth. I saw his cock twitch so I kissed and then took his nipple in my teeth. His cock swelled further so I went and licked the tip to taste the shiny drop of precum that arrived at the same time as the hard on. Clearly, as I had surveyed the scenery moments before, I hadn't done a full 360 degrees and wherever my blind spot was, someone had been in it as I saw a face peering over the rock wall. He smiled and so I licked Dave's cockend again as he was handsome, I'm guessing late 30s- and I assumed a local looking at his colouring, the olive skin, brown eyes and dark hair of a Spaniard.

"Tienes fuego?" he asked me. Now, thanks to a Spanish ex-boyfriend, I understood, and although I no longer smoked, I had a lighter in our rucksack that I had packed in case our apartment had a gas hob and no kettle. So I said "yes, come in" and he entered the shelter. He was naked, which I hadn't seen, carrying his shorts, t-shirt and cigarettes, so he took the lighter and lit his cigarette, looking the pair of us over whilst we checked him out. He had some dark body hair and a trimmed bush of pubes above a large uncut cock. Which, as he took his time lighting the cigarette, grew larger.

"Go for it" said Dave, so I crawled forward, took a drag on his cigarette which he wasn't expecting, and then took the first 4 or 5 inches of his cock in my mouth. It swelled even more and I took as much of his engorged shaft in my mouth as I could, then let it almost slide out before repeating several times. I took another drag on his cigarette and then repeated as the nicotine hit, something I hadn't experienced for a long time, gave me a warm feeling in my stomach and caused my own cock to throb. I came up for air and went to Dave's cock which was still hard, it turned him on seeing me in action, as he fumbled in the rucksack. He then shuffled himself towards the Spaniard and sucked on the dick too whilst I heard and felt him opening some lube, I assumed for my hungry little ass. 

But not at first, his hand disappeared to the Spanish crack as he sucked away which seemed to be greeted with pleasure. I took the lube as I continued to suck on Dave and lubed my own arsehole, then gently manoeuvred myself and guided his other hand to my slippery and waiting orifice. He played and fingered my sphincter as I assumed he was doing the same to the nameless Spaniard with his other hand. He took his mouth off the fully erect cock, a good 8 inches of prime meat and so I took a last drag on the dying remnant of the cigarette and took the cock myself, kind of on all fours and with Dave behind me. He could choose what he wanted to do and he came around and underneath, licking my bollocks that were hanging not too low but heavily in the sunshine and then along from my balls to my hole, tonguing my arsehole then licking the skin slowly back to my balls. All single handed as he continued to poke the Spaniard! 

I heard him whisper "more lube" so I lubed my arse and, for good measure, his cock. And my judgement was just right as he slid his cock between my parted cheeks which I moved together somewhat to grip his cock. I then parted them slightly as the head arrived at the opening and he slowly and gently, just how I like it, entered my little butt. I could only moan approvingly as my mouth was still occupied, as was one of Dave's hands - or as it later transpired when he told me- two of his fingers. He massaged our amigo's prostate to his delight, meaning when he came shortly afterwards, I felt spurt after voluminous spurt and greedily swallowed as much as I could. Dave withdrew his fingers and placed himself in an almost press up position over and behind me, slowly pushing in deeper. His breathing quickened and I knew well what, and who, was coming... 

And I wasn't disappointed. He let out a roar of release as he filled me with his spunk and as he finished, I lifted my head to his so I could kiss into his mouth the remaining taste of the Spaniard who sat with his cock still inches from my face. I was still rock hard and so I turned over, ready to jerk myself off but as Dave lent in to continue the kiss and taste of Spanish spunk, the stranger moved in for some action, sucking me and wanking me unexpectedly. It didn't take long and my approving noises gave fair warning but his mouth remained wrapped around my cock until I had shot and then, as he moved his head away and I waited for him to spit, he grabbed the back of Dave's head and kissed my fresh load into his mouth. Wow! 

Knowing what a greedy spunk slut I am, as the guy was gathering his things, Dave was busy slowly letting my own juice dribble slowly into my mouth as he hovered expertly and accurately over my own without our lips touching.

Our friend left and as we sat up a minute or two later, we saw his arse disappearing down the beach and towards the car park and town. Don't know where he came from, don't care. Just had a great fuck at the beach!