 I'm 42 years old with a lovely wife, and a great home in the San Diego suburbs. I have a good job in sales and travel a lot. It's a long story, but not that unusual I guess. I got a few blowjobs in men's rooms and it was not long before I was on my knees giving blowjobs on a regular basis when I traveled. I still fucked my wife, but my fantasies while I fucked her were about the dicks I had sucked, especially those with big loose foreskins. 

My next-door neighbor, Charlie, plays in my regular golf foursome at the club. We play every Saturday morning. We sit around drinking beer in the clubhouse and telling stories, before we shower, and head home. One of the guys, Phil, loves to tell fag jokes and every week he has a new one.

Charlie is hung like a horse and I found the sight of that big uncircumcised cock irresistible and sometimes tried to sneak secret looks as we showered. He caught me looking and before long he started showing me his cock in the shower. Then one Saturday night Charlie and I were drinking a lot and I gave him a blowjob. Sunday afternoon Charlie calls and asks me to come over to his garage workshop. When I get there he's ginning at me. He unzips his fly and takes out his cock and starts to stroke it. When I shake my head no and try to tell him I was drunk, he reminds me of Phil, our homophobic golf partner. 

"You're a cocksucker, Billy boy. Wait till I tell Phil you gave me a blowjob. You know how he feels about fags."

I was scared. If he told Phil there's no telling who Phil would tell or what he might do or say. I couldn't let him tell Phil. I begged him not to. His answer was simple.

"On your knees cocksucker! I'm gonna whitewash your tonsils."

Well, that's how it started. From then on, Charlie got regular blowjobs several times a week in his workshop. I quit blowing guys when I traveled -- I felt safer that way - and Charlie kept my secret. So, I was still in the closet -- well, almost. 

One Saturday morning I saw a strange car in Charlie's driveway. When I mentioned it to my wife she said Charlie's sister was visiting and brought her son, who had just graduated from high school. I thought to myself that I wouldn't be on my knees this weekend. How wrong I was!

I was surprised by the call that afternoon and when I get to Charlie's workshop he introduced his nephew, Bobby, who is over six feet tall and built like a football player. It turns out that he is exactly that and has a scholarship to play football at a state university. As we talked I got a very nervous feeling about what Charlie might do. 

Me feeling is confirmed when Charlie says, "And guess what Billy boy. Bobby has never had a blowjob. I feel a sense of responsibility to complete his education and you are just the cocksucker he needs. He's going to college in the Fall and he'll be back here again for Labor Day weekend. We gotta get him ready."

"Charlie please ... please don't do this. I can't ... I mean ... "

Charlie ignores me and turns to Bobby. "Billy lives next door and he is a very talented cocksucker. Get that thing out and he'll go to work on it."

"Charlie, please! You promised not to tell anyone."

Charlie laughed. "Bobby's not just anyone. He's my nephew. Besides remember how Phil feels about cocksuckers. You wouldn't want him to even suspect that you suck dicks."

Bobby was nervous but he unzipped his fly and took his cock out. Charlie moved a thick throw rug over in front of him.

"We don't want your knees to get sore, Billy boy. Bobby's first and I'm next in line," Charlie said, rubbing his cock through his pants. 

I dropped to my knees in front of Bobby who was stroking his cock to get it hard. He had a big circumcised cock, not as thick as Charlie's, but thick enough. I leaned forward and putting my hands on his hips I took the head of his dick into my mouth and started to suck it. 

"Now Bobby," said Charlie, "it's important to get a cocksucker who can take a big dick back past his tonsils. It feels more like a pussy that way. Just take his head in your hands and hold him so you can shove your dick in deep. Do it slow and when it gets way back in his throat you'll feel a pair of big fleshy tonsils embracing the head of you cock. Feel 'em?"

Bobby followed Charlie's instructions and I felt that big cock being shoved deep into my throat. Of course I didn't gag. I was starting to turn on now and his cock felt good when it hit the back of my throat.

"Hold him there," Charlie said. "Do you feel those tonsils?"

"Yeah," said Bobby. "They feel soft. Damn, this feels good. Just like a pussy."

"Now, Bobby, just hold his head steady and fuck him in the mouth. Don't worry. He can breathe between strokes. Do it as fast or as slow as you like. As strong or as gentle as you want to. He's in fag heaven right now and when you pump your load he'll love it. Yeah, that's it Bobby. Just fuck him in the mouth."

Bobby did as instructed and I put my arms around his hips to steady myself. Charlie was right -- I liked it - it felt good. Damn, I thought, this kid learns quick. Whoever gets a chance to suck this cock when Bobby goes away to college will be one lucky cocksucker and if it's his English Professor Bobby's gonna be an A student. I was thinking about that when that kid, he was less than half my age, pumped a big hot load of thick cum into my mouth and right down my throat. 

I was on my knees swallowing every drop of that massive load of cum. I looked up and the kid was zipping up his pants and stepping back. Charlie stepped up in front of me, unzipped his fly, and whipped out that thick uncircumcised cock. I had enjoyed tasting that kid's cum but now I'm looking forward to getting my tongue under Charlie's thick foreskin.

"Okay Billy boy," Charlie said, "blow me."

******

The next day Charlie calls in mid afternoon and I hurry over to his workshop. I had enjoyed yesterday afternoon I was getting turned on by fantasizing about sucking off Bobby again. But Charlie had other ideas. 

"Okay, Bobby, yesterday you learned to fuck a fag in the mouth. That's my favorite way, actually. But there's another way to fuck 'em. And that's to just shove it up their ass and pound away. Some people call it butt fucking. I don't fuck him that way very often so his asshole's still pretty tight. You need to learn how to do it."

"Oh my God, Charlie," I said, "Please don't do that. It hurts to take a big one that way. Please don't."

Charlie laughed and turned to Bobby. "Never listen to what a fag says he wants or doesn't want. They like it all, but mostly they want you to do whatever turns you on. They want to please you. They want you to enjoy them. Pleasing you pleases them. So, just do what turns you on. As long as you pump your load into them, they'll enjoy it. Mouth or asshole, whichever you want."

Turning to me he said, "Take your pants off Billy boy. That's it. Now your shorts. Now, just spread your legs and bend over the table. Grab the other side of the table with your hands, leave 'em there and hold on. Get steady, you're going to get a pounding. And you're gonna enjoy it."

I did everything he told me to do. He was right. I was going to enjoy it. Charlie had fucked me before -- not very often -- but I liked it. He always made me come.

"Okay Bobby. Lesson number one. Get a good grip on his testicles. That's it! Now squeeze 'em. No, no. Harder. You want to hear him groan."

The pain shot up my groin into my abdomen and Charlie heard the groan he wanted to hear. Charlie didn't shove it up my ass very often but he always started on my testicles.

"That's the way Bobby. It gets fags in the right mood, tightens up their assholes, and makes 'em do what you want. Now grease that big dick up with Vaseline. Some guys use other lubricants but I like Vaseline for butt fucking. That's right. Get the whole thing covered -- you're gonna make him take it all."

I knew what was coming next. It was Charlie's routine. He would teach the kid the same thing. Charlie had taught me what to say when I felt the pain.

"Now grab his testicles again. Squeeze 'em hard. Real hard. Make him groan, keep squeezing, and watch what happens."

The kid did as instructed and the pain shot up my groin into my abdomen and I groaned loudly. I heard Charlie laugh. There was only one way to stop the pain. Charlie had taught me that.

"Oh God, fuck me! Please fuck me!" I cried out loudly.

Charlie laughed loudly. "You see. He wants you to fuck him. Okay Bobby we'll give him what he's asking for. Now put the head of your dick right on his asshole and start pushing your hips forward. Start slow and gentle and just keep increasing the pressure. He's got a tight asshole, because I haven't used it very much. But, with your strength there's no asshole in the world that can keep your dick out. That's it, just keep increasing the pressure."

That's exactly what the kid was doing. I knew he would break through the tight muscle that was holding him out. And I knew that when he did, I would feel a sharp pain and then the fullness of his cock driving through my asshole and up my rectum till it reached my prostate. 

"Ahh! Oh my God! Oh!" I cried out. I couldn't help it. The pain of the breakthrough was always more than I expected. I heard Charlie start to laugh again.

"You got him now Bobby. Shove that big sausage all the way in. That's right. Now just fuck him. Fuck him fast or slow or whatever you like. He'll turn on and work with you. Remember, he wants you to enjoy yourself. Your pleasure is his pleasure. Just fuck him like he was a woman."

I was getting fucked just like a woman and I could feel the head of that kid's big dick rubbing up and down on my prostate with each thrust. The usual tingling sensation started in my testicles and then spread through my groin and I began breathing hard. I knew what I would do next and I knew that Charlie would laugh and tell the kid to look at me. I felt my erection increasing until it was standing out rock hard. I wanted to stroke it but I didn't dare.

Charlie laughed loudly. "Look there Bobby. Lean over and look at his dick. He's got a hard on. It's a little dick but it's as hard as a rock. Look at it. See what you're doing to him. Oh yeah! He likes it. He likes to get fucked just like a woman. Just keep fucking him and watch his dick. He's gonna come and when he does his asshole will massage your cock just like a strong hand."

Charlie had fucked me enough to know what I would do. He was right. I felt my orgasm building with every rub of the big dick on my prostate. Oh God, I wanted to stroke my cock but I knew Charlie wouldn't let me. Then I felt my ejaculation begin and I knew I was pumping glob after glob of thick creamy white cum into the air and onto the floor around my feet. Charlie started to laugh loudly.

"Look at him, Bobby. You brought him off. Look at that little dick pump his load."

But Bobby wasn't looking at anything right now. I could feel his cock start to throb as he pumped a big load of semen right up my ass. He was grunting and his cock was throbbing as he filled me up. Finally he rested and I felt his dick starting to get soft. 

When he pulled his cock out of me I heard Bobby say to Charlie, "Damn, that felt good. When Billy started to come his asshole just grabbed my dick and massaged it -- damn it felt so good it made me come."

Then I heard them both start to laugh. I knew why. I remembered how Charlie had laughed at me the first time I took it up the ass. 

"Look at his asshole," Charlie said. "It's just hanging open and your cum is dripping out of it. See it! It's running down his balls and on to his leg. It'll be down to his knee in a minute. And look at that little dick. It's soft and floppy now, but I gonna get it hard again, just you watch."

Then I heard a sound that made my stomach turn over. Charlie was unzipping his fly.

"You just stay where you are Billy boy. I don't even need to grease this thing up. Your asshole is wide open and all ready to get fucked again. It almost looks like a pussy. And you're gonna enjoy it just like you enjoyed Bobby's cock, only I'm a lot thicker than he is."

I didn't know if I could take that big thick uncircumcised cock but I didn't have much choice. He grabbed my testicles and started to squeeze. Before the pain got really bad I was begging Charlie over and over to fuck me, please fuck me. And he did, big time, with that 18 year-old kid watching and learning how to fuck a cocksucker. I thought about Labor Day, just a month away. Then the only thing I could think about was that big uncircumcised cock rubbing up and down my prostate and my dick starting to get hard again. The bastard was gonna make me come, just like always.