 Fifteen years after our first encounter, I was a mostly happily married suburban guy. My wife was seven months pregnant with our third child. Sex was not at the bottom of her list - it was off the list. 

Jeff calls me at the office one afternoon and asks me to give him a ride home from work because his truck was in the shop. When I agreed, he offered me a bachelor dinner - pizza and a beer. Nothing is happening at my house, so I take him up on the offer. 

Jeff lost big on his divorce and was living in very modest apartment. Except for his favorite leather couch, the place is pretty much a bachelor flop house. We walk up the stairs and he grabs a package at the door. True to his nature, his porno collection had only grown over the years. This DVD is "Girls Wild in Public 24" You know the type. Jeff mentions that he has the whole set. 

"It was like one of those record clubs. They never stop," he shouts as he heads down the hall towards his bathroom. 

"I'm gonna jump in the shower. Grab yourself a beer." Then the water starts. 

I grab a Miller from the fridge, turn on the TV and DVD player, and pop in the latest Wild Girls video. Not having seen the first 23, I hope I can follow the plot. For the next ten minutes I get some fabulous titty shots from young girls all over Florida and New Orleans. After a while, my loose suit pants start feeling a little tight. I give my dick a couple strokes, wishing I'd gone commando. Those briefs were getting uncomfortably tight. 

After a few more minutes of all these hot girls flashing tits and ass, the DVD cuts to two young ladies stripping and rubbing each other. I finally decide to whip it out. I unzip my pants, slide them and my briefs down over my ass. I'm bare-assed on Jeff's couch. The leather is sticking to my ass and thighs. It has been years since we did anything, and I vaguely wonder what the new Republican version of him would think of finding me on the couch. But the thought passes quickly and I stroke harder and faster, hoping to shoot before he gets back. 

I lean back, close my eyes and listen to the girls playing with each other. My cock is as hard as it's been in weeks. I don't know the last time it was in the wife. But it feels so good now. I'm stroking it, squeezing it, rubbing it.

"What the fuck are you doing Tom?" 

I open my shocked eyes to see him standing there dripping wet, with a towel wrapped around his waist. He looks quite surprised. He hasn't seen my cock in the open for a very long time, but he's looking me in the eyes.

Shocked and embarrassed, I apologize. 

"Linda hasn't been putting out! I haven't cum in three days and it's been weeks since I shot into anything but a tissue. Sorry Dude. Got a little too turned on." 

In spite of my surprise, my hand is still wrapped around a very hard cock. We haven't talked about the old days in years. 

"It's not like you've never seen it before." 

He steps through the doorway, and looks down at my hard cock.

"It looks much smoother now. But just as hard."

"I started shaving my cock and balls years ago. Linda didn't like choking on the hair." 

He dropped the towel to the floor. His dick was getting hard and was still covered with blond hair. He walked over to me completely nude. In the last fifteen years, we'd both put on thirty pounds, but his cock looked as good as ever. He stopped next to the couch his cock at my eye level. 

"It wouldn't be nice to leave a guest like this would it?" 

With that, he knelt down in front of me and took my hard dick in his hand. He gave it a few nice firm strokes. Already I was dripping pre-cum. The rest of the load was close behind. 

"Let me see how I like shaved cock." 

With that he took my cock in one long stroke. His mouth was so hot. I took his wet head in my hand and fucked his mouth for all it was worth. It didn't take long. I grunted to warn him and then shot a load of cum into his mouth. He choked and spit some out.

"Damn - that came out much harder than I remember!" 

He wiped the drips off his face and stood up and leaned over me on the couch. "You're turn."

Then he slapped my face with his chubby hard cock and chugged the rest of my beer. I opened my mouth and he fills it. He fucking me hard and I'm gagging. 

"Let me take off my tie and shirt!" I gasp.

"No bitch. I wanna fuck the office manager!" 

He steps back, pulls me to the floor and bends me over the leather couch. 

"I haven't had a dick there in years - get some lube first!" 

He leans back opens the drawer and pulls out a jar of hand lotion. I hear the squirt then feel the cold goo in my ass - followed by two thick fingers. I feel his cock slapping back and forth on my ass. 

After an eternity, he leans in and slides that hot hard cock into my hairy ass. He wastes no time being gentle. He pounds me hard but I tighten my ass muscles every time he pulls up. 

He doesn't last long. The first few spurts of cum are in my ass. Then suddenly, he pulls back and out. He rolls me on my side and strokes his dick once. The cum shoots out in huge gobs. All over my dress shirt and tie. He uses my favorite silk tie to wipe off his dick. He walks back across the room and picks up his towel. 

"Leave the pants off. Call the pizza place. You're buying my dinner tonight bitch. It's been way too long since we had a boy's night in." 

I pick up my cell and speed dial home. 

"Yeah honey, I'm gonna watch the game with Jeff tonight. Don't wait up."