 I recommend reading chapters 1-5 first. 

(All characters are over 18 and this is a work of fiction.) 

Again, big thanks to LaRascasse and Oldnakeddad for editing and advising! Any mistakes are likely because I decided to change something after they worked their magic. 

I love hearing your thoughts and opinions so please comment or leave me feedback! It's my favorite part of writing. 

Enjoy the show!! 

***** 

* * CHARLES * * 

Colin smiles and slaps my back. 

"Are you ready, Charles? Today is the day!" 

As we walk through the lobby, he continues. 

"I have everything in my car so I'll drive straight to your house after work and pick you up, then we'll head out. With traffic, it'll take four hours to drive there. I'm thinking we'll stop for dinner at some point, then tomorrow morning we can go grocery shopping and all that jazz!" 

He's bubbling with excitement. He's been anxiously counting the minutes for the last 2 weeks. 

"Sounds good. I'm going with your flow, you're the boss. I'm only the lonely boat driver slash eye candy for the week." 

I wave him off. 

Secretly, I'm as excited as he is, if not more. The thought of only the two of us spending the better part of a week together? Heck, yes! His eyes suddenly become full of emotion and he says. 

"Charlie, don't sell yourself short. I also expect you to cook." 

"How is this fair? I feel like the scale of equality is in your favor. What do I get out of this trip? Besides the privilege of serving your every need?" 

He laughs. 

"That's pretty much it. It's not my fault though, you could have demanded more than one fancy dinner. For someone who was raised to know the 'art of the deal', you're negotiating skills, suck." 

I laugh, he's so oblivious. Colin looks at his watch and says. 

"Seven hours and fifty-two minutes." 

* * * 

Shoot! That's the doorbell, Colin's here already! I run to the front door and let him in. 

"You're fast. I need five minutes." 

I've just stepped out of the shower so I didn't have time to run a towel over my body, in fact, I have only a hand towel covering my man bits. The rest of my body is dripping wet and on display. Colin whistles. 

"Damn, Charlie!" 

I can feel myself blush. 

"Shut up! If you're done perving on me then I'm gonna finish getting ready." 

I'm pretty sure he's watching my smooth, naked butt as I walk away. I hope. 

I barely finish pulling on my boxer briefs when Colin walks in. 

"Knock, knock!" 

I look at the door to find him smiling. 

"Do you need me to take anything out to the car?" 

I check my bag to make sure I have everything I need. 

"Umm, yeah, I have my bag here. I think it has everything." 

I grab my jeans and pull them up, but leave them unbuttoned, letting my body linger in a semi state of undress. I know I shouldn't since Colin's with Jesse, blah blah blah, but whatever. Colin gets to look at Jesse all of the time, but I'm still going to show off my assets. I might not be as perfect as Jesse, but I know I look good. My stomach is one of my best features; tight and muscular. I also know it's one of two of Colin's favorite body parts—the other is legs. Colin glances at me, possibly longer than normal, before grabbing my bag and walking out. 

You can bet your ass I'll be getting as much skin time as possible this week. 

I finish dressing and walk to the kitchen to put my shoes on, grab my jacket and sliders for the lake, and lock up the house. 

"Okay, sorry about that. I'm ready now." 

I toss the last of my miscellaneous stuff in the back seat. Colin has the seat down and his wakeboard stuffed in the back. 

"I thought you were getting a rack for this?" 

He's been talking about it and constantly searching Craigslist for the perfect one since the first day he got his car. In fact, I almost bought him one for his birthday, but I opted for the stereo, which I think was the right choice. 

"I want to, but I haven't found a good one, yet. It's only me and you so there's no pressure to use the backseat this weekend." 

My driveway is circular so he zips around and drives toward the freeway. Colin looks at me and smiles. 

"I'm excited about the next five days. Honestly, you have no idea. I'm really looking forward to it. I definitely wish Jesse was coming, but this is good, too." 

I love car rides and this one doesn't disappoint me as we talk about everything. Colin opens up about his past relationships and he talks about Jesse and some of the friction they've been having regarding this week's separation. I share about my lack of all those things, how I haven't been interested in hooking up like I used to, and how (maybe) something serious wouldn't be so bad. It's never too late to let him know he's original analysis isn't right, at least where he could be involved. 

I think we're both feeling closer to each other by the time we finish, knowing that nothing has been off limits. Plus, a lot of music and singing, which I have come to enjoy doing with Colin. We stop at Madras for dinner and I'm surprised when Colin demands to pay. Then we drive nonstop for the last hour, during which I ask. 

"So, tell me about the house where we're going to be staying?" 

Knowing Colin, it's the cheapest thing he could find on Airbnb. I'm trying to keep my imagination in check, but there's a small part of me that's worried we're going to pull up to a shack, which is fine if we have to share a bed, but it mostly terrifies me. 

"Honestly, I don't know, I haven't seen any pictures. It's a home that's owned by a couple of couples. They each get an equal number of weeks, but they're all staying with my parents for the holiday, so it's free. Literally and figuratively." 

"Are your parents part owners?" 

I figure if he's staying for free then they probably are. I think his parents are fairly well off, at least, more than he lets on. Sharing ownership is a easy way for people to own vacation homes without drowning financially. 

"I don't know. They didn't really say. All they said was there's a cabin on the lake available if I wanted to use it. I was on the fence until they said it comes with a boat, then it was a firm yes." 

It isn't dark, yet, but it's getting there. I love this part of summer, when the days are long and there's so much time to spend outdoors. My stomach is fluttering from thinking about spending five of the longest days of the year with Colin. 

He's following his GPS down a nowhere road. We can see the lake and I notice there's not many houses, it looks very private. 

"Okay, we're close. I think it's right-here? Number seven-four-six-two-three-four?" 

He laughs as we're pulling into a large driveway. 

"Who the fuck picks such long-ass house numbers? It's longer than the fucking zip code!" 

The sun has dropped pretty quickly so I can't see the outside too well, but it looks nice. It's bigger than what I'd call a cabin, but smaller than an average house. 

"Alright, let's grab our bags, for now, and we can get everything else in the morning." 

He grabs his bag from the back seat and darts toward the house. I give him a mock salute. 

"Yes, boss." 

I grab my bag and follow. The inside of the house is warm. It's not big, but it has a nice, open layout. Everything is white or cream or beige with tasteful color accents. We walk around the house and check the bedrooms. The first room has a queen bed frame, but no mattress. The second and third rooms both have two, tiny-ass, twin mattresses, and the fourth room is the master with a king bed. 

Colin throws his bag on the big bed, claiming the best spot in the house. 

"Well, this is my room." 

Also tossing my bag on the giant bed, I say. 

"Correction. This is our bed. There's no way I'm sleeping out there on those camp mattresses." 

I look at him, daring him to challenge me, although secretly I'm terrified he'll tell me to get the hell out. If he does, I'll go peacefully, albeit, unhappily. 

"Sounds good. Boat driver, eye candy, cook, and bedmate!" 

He smirks, holding his finger to his lips. 

"Shush. Don't tell Jess." 

"Yeah, I can only imagine Jesse being jealous of me. That's rich!" 

I unzip my bag so I can unpack and go to bed. 

"Uh, yeah! He's definitely jealous of you." 

Colin starts laughing as he's taking stuff from his bag and arranging them in the closet. 

"I highly doubt that." 

Jesse, jealous of me? I can't imagine. I've had a lot of people jealous of me, but I never thought one of those people would be Jesse! The blonde Adonis of the Pacific NW, the boyfriend and lover of Colin-perfection was created from his image. He's so pure and good that woodland animals help get him dressed every morning. 

We work around each other, sharing a dresser and closet space, while making the bedroom feel like home. He takes a break from unpacking to gesture his hands at me. 

"Yeah, I mean, look at you! You're a ten!" 

Wait, what? Colin thinks I'm a ten? 

I counter as I try to hide my blush. 

"Then Jesse's a twelve." 

Colin laughs. 

"I agree, but for some reason, he's still insecure. He thinks we spend too much time together. Work, gym, Thursday dinner & Karaoke. Dinner last month, breakfast on my birthday, etc." 

Colin's waving his hands in a repetitive circle as he lists everything and I add. 

"This week..." 

He laughs, again. 

"Yeah, pretty much." 

The thought of anything happening between us is hilariously impossible. 

Hilarious. 

"He's not happy about you being here with me, but he didn't say much, either. I don't think he's worried. I get it, I mean, I wouldn't be stoked if Jesse's best friend was a ten and they were spending the week together, alone, I'd be a little jealous. I tried telling him work hours don't count, but he didn't buy it. He's right, though, they do count. I definitely spend more time with you than anyone else in my life." 

He shoves his empty bag under the bed, grabs his toiletries, and walks to the en suite bathroom. 

"I have to watch myself when I'm with him or else everything is 'Charlie this and Charlie that' which only proves you're a force to be reckoned with in my life." 

He says all of this with a casualness you'd find from a grandmother talking about her favorite pie crust. As if this isn't a big deal! Internally, I'm freaking out. I don't know why, maybe the realization that, to some degree, I'm as significant to Colin as he is to me. Heck, I'm a big enough presence in his life that his perfect boyfriend is threatened! 

Don't be too happy, Charles. 

"Well, that's quite a compliment." 

"Yeah, but don't let it go to your head." 

He's not looking at me, but I can see the corner of his mouth curl up with a smile and I ask him. 

"I'm beat. Are you staying up or going to bed?" 

The fact he's slipping his clothes off, until he's in his boxer briefs, answers any and all questions about standard sleeping attire for the night and Colin says, with a little too much enthusiasm. 

"Bed! No question." 

We don't normally shower together at the gym because Colin lives so close, he waits until he gets home. Seeing him in such a state of undress is short circuiting my body, how am I going to survive sharing a bed with him? Honestly, if I'm being objective, compared to other guys I've been with, he's nothing special. He has a nice solid figure but he's not super toned and doesn't have much, if any, definition (although, we're working on that at the gym). But I'm not objective and he's smoking hot. He has a light olive tone to his skin and I'm sure he's going to darken up nicely in the sun. Unlike me, I'll be lucky to walk away with only a minor burn that doesn't peel. 

We move around the bathroom like an old married couple as we brush our teeth simultaneously and then wash our faces. In my head, this moment is heaven, everything I never knew I wanted. We finish up and return to the bedroom. I'm still fully dressed so I strip down, trying hard to be seductive without being too obvious about it. Colin's sitting on the bed with the blankets pulled up to his waist and watching me undress. 

"Seriously, Charlie. No wonder Jesse's freaking out." 

Slowly dropping my pants to the floor, I reveal my super small European boxer briefs that cover much less than American briefs. I casually respond. 

"What do you mean?" 

I don't know what you're talking about, I'm only getting ready for bed. Doesn't everyone wear these? 

"Fuck you, Mr. Perfect Body. How's that real? 

He's looking at my body and there's no hiding the appreciation and lust on his face. 

"This?" 

I look down, pat my stomach, and slowly run my hand up and down as I add. 

"I don't know." 

Da fuck I don't know! I don't workout five days a week for the thrill of it. I adjust the waistband of my underwear, which draws his attention down. 

"Be thankful I'm dating Jesse or I'd probably jump you, friendship be damned!" 

He follows up with a whistle. 

Damn you Jesse, always ruining everything! 

I have to stop my slow striptease because the thought of Colin wanting to jump me is sending blood rushing to all of the wrong places. I quickly cover myself under the blanket and bend my knee slightly to hide my inflating erection. We snuggle down into the sheets as we face each other and I smash the sheets down between us, making a faux barrier. 

"Try to keep your hands off of me, you big pervert." 

He looks at the indent I made between us and laughs. 

"Well, fuck. There's no way for me to get to you, now. I guess you're safe." 

He sticks his lip out, pouting. 

Those lips. Those eyes. Jesus, give me strength. 

"Goodnight, Colin." 

I turn off the lamp, making the room go dark. 

********** 

Despite the long day before, I wake early, as usual. I've always been this way, even as a teenager. Eight o'clock in the morning is sleeping late. I normally wake up between five and six o'clock. Summer is always on the earlier side During my promiscuous years, which was age sixteen until about three months ago, being a morning person was a total blessing. I always, without exception, woke up before my lover and was able to extract myself from the bed easily and without incident. 

This morning is new for me. I'm waking up next to a warm body, wishing we could be closer, and wishing I could touch him. The room is softly lit by the early morning sun. I carefully turn, wanting to discreetly watch him. 

Colin's on his stomach and his body is splayed in chaos. His head is facing away from me, sheets in total disarray, and his thick brown hair is in perfect shambles. 

I smile, overwhelmingly full of joy. Think about it, getting to see someone first thing in the morning like this, it's a rare and intimate occasion. You don't see your neighbors, friends, or colleagues this way. Not usually, anyway. This is a secret preview, something the rest of the world will never see. 

Preview. The realization that I'm still on the outside looking in starts to overtake the joy with disappointment. That's the thing about a preview, it's a sample. Only enough to get you excited, but ultimately you walk away unsatisfied. 

Lying here, replaying the preview to a movie I'm never going to own, is cruel. I extract myself from the bed, pull on my sweatpants and a shirt, and walk to the kitchen. There are French doors that open to a porch facing the lake. It's beautiful! The early morning brings a layer of fog that hangs gently over the water, softening the shoreline in the background. 

After looking through the cupboards, I find the coffee. It's not a great choice, but it'll work for now. I can pick up more preferable stuff today. I decide to start a list for our shopping trip. #1-Coffee. I add meal foods that I'd prefer (as suggestions), beer, snacks, and so on. 

I take a sip of coffee (bleh) and shake my head in disgust, as a baby does when trying food for the first time. It's not good, definitely old and stale. I see a porch swing that overlooks the lake, it's a perfect spot. Very picturesque. The second I step out of the door, I'm accosted by frigid temperatures. 

Holy fuck, it's cold! 

This is the high desert. The nights are freezing and the days are scorching. Much different than Portland where everything is pretty even and consistent. I grab a large, thick blanket from the living room and wrap myself in it before returning to the swing. It's still cold, but manageable. 

I've vacationed a lot, but I've never sat in such pristine peace. It's a little unnerving. What do I do, just sit here? I feel as though I should experience some sort of life revelation, like the voice of God calling out to me and saying something profound. Instead, the silence continues. 

I don't know how long I've been sitting here, staring at the lake, but my coffee's been empty for a while and I need a refill. As I'm about to get up, I hear Colin in the kitchen. He shouts. 

"Charlie?" 

I raise my coffee cup. 

"On the porch! Bring coffee!" 

"Holy shit! It's freezing balls out here." 

His face is tortured and his body is covered in goosebumps. Not surprising, since he's wearing the same thing he slept in...practically nothing. He pours me a fresh cup and returns the pot to the kitchen. After he returns, he stands in front of me and bounces impatiently on his toes while holding his mug of tea. 

"Fuck, it's cold. Open up." 

"Hell, no. It's warm and cozy in here and you're like an iceberg! You'll bring this titanic down. There's blankets in the living room." 

I wave him off and grip the blanket tighter as he reaches out and manually tries to pry it open. 

"You took the good one, the rest are no better than Kleenex. Let me in you asshole!" 

It's not that I don't want to share the blanket with Colin, I do, but I don't want to seem too eager. I'm also afraid of my body reacting to this, mostly naked, man if he snuggles next to me under my blanket. How can I be sure I won't become aroused while sitting with him on the porch swing? 

"Fine." 

I unwrap myself from the blanket and readjust it. He sits next to me, pulls his legs up to his chest (similar to me), and I wrap the blanket around us. We're fully enclosed except our hands that are holding the hot beverage we're sipping. I can feel the cold radiating off of his skin. 

"Oh-my-god! You're freezing cold!" 

Snuggling into my heat, he smiles. 

"No, you're very, very warm!" 

This causes my heat to rise at an alarming rate. I have to will my heart to slow down because Colin is close enough to feel it beat out of my chest. Luckily, between the blanket and having my knees pulled up to my chest, I'm not in danger of Colin noticing my situation. 

Besides my uninvited arousal, this is literally my dream. Such a disappointment to know it's not my movie. 

I almost wish Colin didn't feel so comfortable with me because it blurs all of the lines in my mind, making it easy to conjure false realities. Colin lets out a heavy sigh. 

"We have a problem." 

No kidding. He can't feel my hardness. 

"Well, I have a problem. This morning, I realized I forgot to take my contacts out last night. Normally it's not a big deal, but it reminded me that I didn't pack any of my contact stuff." 

"No biggie. We can grab solution at the store today." 

"Sure, if that was the real problem, but it's not. The pair I'm wearing is toast, they're already uncomfortable. If I had solution with me, I might be able to wear them the rest of the day, but I don't. Even if I buy solution today, it won't help enough." 

