 I recommend reading chapters 1-4 first. 

(All characters are over 18 and this is a work of fiction.) 

Again, big thanks to LaRascasse and Oldnakeddad for editing and advising! Any mistakes are likely because I decided to change something after they worked their magic. 

I love hearing your thoughts and opinions so comment or leave me feedback. 

Enjoy the show and don't forget to vote! 

***** 

* * COLIN * * 

Charlie announces out of nowhere. 

"I'm going to throw a big Fourth of July party and it's going to be awesome!" 

I look up from my computer screen and frown. 

"Yeah?" 

He chuckles. 

"That's not usually the response I get when I decide to throw a party." 

"Well, I'm going to be at a lake house near Bend for the Fourth. I leave Friday for a much needed week in the sun and water." 

I'm beyond happy to get away from the city for a while, hit the lake, and relax. Clarke-Co always gives the whole week off so everyone can celebrate. Charlie's Fourth of July party actually throws a damper into my plans. 

"That sounds great. Only you and Jesse?" 

"That was my intention, but his family's doing something for the Fourth so he'll be in Washington." 

Charlie catches my eye and raises his brow slightly. 

"Why aren't you going to Washington with him?" 

I shrug. 

"I thought about it, but I haven't been to the lake in years and, since we have the week off of work for the holiday, I want to take advantage of it. I know it's selfish and I don't think Jesse is particularly happy about my choice." 

I know, for a fact, Jesse's not happy about it. Charlie twists his face in disgust. 

"So, you're going to go by yourself. I'm all for solitude, but that sounds terrible." 

"I agree, it's not ideal. Everyone has big plans for the big weekend, though. I was going to ask you, to come with me, but you're throwing this big party. I'm trying to convince Glen to fly in, but he's on the fence. I need someone to drive the fucking boat. If I can't board the boat, then what's this all been about?" 

I smile when Charlie picks up on my reference, but as he leans back, he looks bummed. I know I am. 

"I wish you would've told me a week ago. I would've gladly joined you." 

"Cancel your party and come with me. There's no one else I want to invite. I don't have that many friends." 

I'm trying not to beg, but I want him to go. Jesse and Charlie are my only real guy friends. I don't want to spend the weekend with Natalie or Bethany. They're busy anyway...I checked. He rolls his eyes and the sarcastic look on Charlie's face makes me laugh. 

"Sure, let me cancel on the three hundred people who are invited!" 

I gasp. 

"Three hundred! Holy shit, man. That's massive." 

We lead very different lives. With pride and a giant smile, he says. 

"I believe in going big or going home." 

I pout. 

"Well, shit, looks like you'll be going big and I'll be going to the lake...alone!" 

I look at Charlie and muster the saddest eyes I can. His lip curls into a slight smile, but he shakes his head, no. I let out a disappointed huff, but keep my eyes on Charlie, pleading. Without breaking eye contact, I reach into my desk drawer and pull out my weapon of choice...Charlie's Kryptonite. 

Charlie looks at his computer for a moment, so I slip on my glasses. I already have contacts on, now I can't see crap. That's okay because it's only the look I'm looking for. 

"Please, don't make me go alone." 

Charlie looks at me, again. 

"Are you fucking serious?" 

I think he's rolling his eyes and trying not to laugh, but I can't tell for sure with contacts and glasses. 

"You're an asshole, you know that? How dare you put your glasses on? That's low, really low." 

I continue to pout. 

"I know, but...I want you to go. You never hangout with me outside of work. I thought we were friends. Maybe it's only me that wants a friendship. I can't stop you, if you only want to be work colleagues." 

None of this is true of course. I'm only laying it on as thick as possible. Guilt, sex appeal, you name it. I'm not above the influence, or in this case, being the influence. 

"I have no respect for you. Stop looking at me. Take your glasses off!" 

He waves me off. I may not be able to see him clearly, but I can hear the playfulness in his voice. 

"Fine." 

I return the glasses to my drawer, drop my head in defeat, and mumble. 

"I'll cancel my trip since I can't go alone. I'll go to Washington with Jesse, instead. He'll be pumped! I'll simply let a part of my soul die." 

I manage a shallow laugh. I only want to spend some time on the water. Charlie teases me. 

"Jesse is one lucky man. He scored with you. I'll tell you what...I'll go with you." 

I perk up. 

"Really?" 

He leans back and smiles, devilishly. 

"I have one condition." 

"Name it." 

Anything. I'll do it. 

"You have to woo me this weekend. Take me to dinner." 

I smile, knowing he won't approve. 

"McDonalds? Taco Bell? Chick-Fil-A? You name it!" 

He gestures his thumb up. Signaling higher and nicer. 

"Nope, some place nicer." 

I balk, playfully. 

"Panera?" 

He returns his focus back to work, not willing to play around. 

"Okay. I need to finish planning my party. Have fun in Washington." 

I shout. 

"Fuck! Okay!" 

Charlie looks up from his computer, waiting for me to suggest a new option. 

"Famous Dave's?" 

He furrows his brows, then quickly returns to his work. 

Yeah, I figured. 

"The Observatory?" 

He doesn't look up from his work, only shakes his head no and sings playfully. 

"You're not trying very hard." 

Bastard. 

"Fogo de Chao?" 

Come on, this place is nice and a little pricey. He uses his fingers to indicate I'm getting close. 

"Okay. Fine. Seven o'clock, Saturday night. El Gaucho!" 

"Don't forget to pick me up in your grocery getter." 

He's wearing a shit eating grin. 

"You only want me to spend my entire June food budget on one dinner. I'll be eating rice and beans until July first." 

I mouth I hate you and he blows me a kiss. 

"I love you, too," he teases sarcastically. 

********** 

We're laying on my couch, watching random TV and enjoying a Wednesday night in. I'm currently the little spoon and enjoying every second of being surrounded by Jesse's massive hot body when he suggests. 

"Let's do something this weekend." 

"Sure, what do you have in mind?" 

"We haven't gone out in a while, why don't we go dancing?" 

"Yes! Friday night! I can invite Charlie, Ryan, and Quinn." 

He groans, lightly. 

"I was thinking Saturday evening out for us, we can do dinner, first." 

He starts kissing my neck and moves his hand under my shirt, running his tuff fingers across my belly. My heart rate increases every time he touches me. 

"Saturday evening is no good. I have plans with Charlie." 

I feel my body respond to his touch, the blood is rushing and slowly inflating my cock. 

"What are you guys doing?" 

His hand slows while waiting for my response. 

"Only dinner." 

I bump my hips forward slightly, encouraging him to resume his stroking. 

"Cancel." 

He moves his hand lower and lower, causing my skin to shudder in anticipation. 

"Stop, I'm not going to cancel. We never hangout outside of work." 

He runs his hand over my bulge, giving my hardness a gentle squeeze. 

Ughf. 

He whispers into my ear and his breath on my neck sends another wave of desire through my body. 

"Hmm. You don't workout with him almost every day? You have dinner with him, followed by Karaoke, every Thursday?" 

I pant. 

"That's different." 

He pulls his hand away and my hips try to follow. I'm annoyed because he's stopping, but he sounds irritated as he looks toward the kitchen. 

"What are we doing for dinner?" 

I run my hand up his thigh and over his bulge. 

"Food, but I thought we'd have dessert, first..." 

He abruptly removes my hand and spits, coldly. 

"You should probably save that for your boyfriend." 

"I'm trying, but he's rejecting me." 

He looks straight at me, his face anything but amused. 

"I meant, Charles." 

I roll my eyes and smile, trying not to laugh. This is the most absurd thing I've ever heard. 

"Seriously? Are you jealous of Charlie?" 

He tosses his hands up. 

"No. Yes. I don't know!" 

He shrugs in defeat. 

"I like Charles, he's awesome, but you definitely spend more time with him than me." 

I reach for him. 

"Hey, baby, I spend more time with him because we work together, during which time, we're working. Outside of work, we're at the gym for sixty to ninety minutes and not talking much. Which leaves only Thursdays. I definitely don't spend more quality time with him than you." 

I kiss his shoulder. 

"He's my best friend, please don't stress about this." 

I keep peppering him with kisses, feeling him relax under my affirmations. 

"You're right, I'm sorry. It's hard because Charles is hot. He makes me nervous." 

I press my lips to his and softly slide my tongue against his, letting him feel my desire. I pull away and smile at him. 

"Really? Charlie makes you insecure?" 

He nods and snakes his hands around my waist. Pulling him to me, I demand. 

"Stand up." 

I pull his shirt over his head. 

"Look at this, this is what I think about." 

I run my fingers down his chest and across his hard stomach. I slowly unbutton his pants and push them down. He steps out of them until he's left wearing only his boxer briefs, which I quickly remove. His hardness is making quite the debut. I slide down to my knees, leaving a trail of kisses along the way. 

"Why would I think of anything else when I have this?" 

I feel the weight and girth of his massive erection as I hold it in my hand and tug it a few times before taking it into my mouth. I feel his fingers running through my hair as I bob my head up and down over his cock, allowing saliva to build between my lips. I move, keeping a tight suction with my lips. 

"Mmm! Oh, god, baby. This is good. You're so good. Fuck!" 

Jesse's body is twitching as I pleasure it. I start twirling my tongue around, using my hand to maximize coverage. I hear Jesse's breathing increase and small moans escape his chest. His fingers are constantly moving through my hair, incapable of finding solid ground. 

I want to move things along between us, but I'm nervous to try. Feeling his hot steel in my mouth is giving me the courage I need. The way he tastes every time he's in my mouth, when the tip of my tongue catches his precum before sliding back down his shaft, is unbelievable! Oh, god, it's good! Addicting! I can feel and hear Jesse getting closer. 

"Ugh! Colin, oh, fuck! Colin, suck it! Oh, god, faster. Ugh!" 

I slowly glide my hand to his balls and start gently fondling them. His hips jerk in response, shoving his cock deeper into my mouth and causing both of us to moan. 

"Hmpf!" 

I'm not ready for him to cum, yet, so I remove my mouth from his shaft, which makes him whimper at the loss. 

"Sit." 

I continue gently stroking as he leans back onto the couch. I return to his cock, lapping and sucking slowly. I hold his balls and roll them in my hand, occasionally giving them a gentle tug. Jesse's hips are jerking as he gets closer and closer and he mumbles. 

"Holy shit..." he moans. 

I silently pray for forgiveness because we haven't talked about what I'm about to do next. I gather a healthy amount of saliva and run my finger over his perineum and toward his asshole. I gently rub the saliva around his hole and hear his breathing quicken. His grip tightens on my hair as he rocks his hips toward my face, slowly fucking my mouth. 

"Ugh, shit!" 

I apply a gentle amount of pressure. After I don't receive any complaints, I continue pushing until my finger is inside of his hole. 

"Hmpf." 

I start moving my finger in rhythm with my mouth and, slowly adding a second finger, feel Jesse's body respond. 

"Fuck, I'm close, so fucking close! Ugh! Oh, god! Oh, god!" 

I slowly release the suction on his cock, but continue to move my fingers, gently feeling for his prostate, until his hips jump and he screams. 

"Oh, fuck! Oh, fuck!" 

I resume bobbing my head, sucking his dick, and rubbing my fingers over his prostate. His hips start bucking wildly and he releases a constant flow of cum into my mouth. He leans forward, still gripping my hair, as he rides out his orgasm. He's trying not to face fuck me, but failing, miserably. I love the feel of him losing control and seeing him in such an intense state of bliss only drives me on. He continues cumming, filling my mouth. I try to swallow it, but I feel it leaking down my chin. 

He relaxes onto the couch, blissed-out of his mind. I remove my fingers and slowly milk his cock before finally letting go of it, completely. I move my mouth to his and he grips the back of my head as he kisses me with every ounce of appreciation he has. 

"That was unexpected, but completely welcomed!" 

He drops back against the couch, totally sated from pleasure and I smile. 

"Yeah?" 

"Yeah." 

I crawl up and straddle his lap, relaxing my head on his shoulder, and he asks. 

"Do you think we're ready?" 

I lift my head and look at him. 

"For?" 

I think I know what he's asking, but I don't want to assume. He smiles and playfully lifts his brow. I ask, surprised. 

"Yeah?" 

He laughs, "Yeah." 

I sit up quickly, still straddling his lap. My hard-on reaching a new level. 

"Right now?" 

He laughs harder. 

"No, not tonight, but soon?" 

"Yes!" 

I lean forward, smashing our faces together. 

"Definitely, yes." 

********** 

Charlie leans back in his chair and teases me, as always. 

"It sounds as if it was a great blowjob." 

"I definitely nailed it. You should have seen him, it was beautiful!" 

Thinking of Jesse sprawled out on the couch makes me smile. 

"Afterward, he mentioned finally moving things forward." 

I can feel the smile consume my face and I'm not ashamed of it. Charlie looks shocked for a second. 

"Really? Do you guys think you're ready?" 

"Fuck, yeah! It's almost been two months. I am ready anyway. I haven't told him, yet, but you know I love him. God, he's fucking perfect." 

He really is, I never imagined someone, such as Jesse, would be interested in me. Not only is he hot as hell, he's so sweet and kind. 

It's times like this when I'm glad to have Charlie to talk to. He's the only person I can tell everything to. Well, almost everything. I definitely talk to him about all things regarding Jesse. It's nice to have someone who understands me, plus he's great for sexual advice. Although, normally he tells me to figure it out myself, as he had to do. Before taking a bite of his Pho, he offers. 

"He's pretty amazing." 

"Yes. Now, I'll be in a perpetual state of arousal until D-day comes." 

D-day, ha! I'm fucking hilarious. Charlie rolls his eyes at my pun and barely looks at me. 

"So, I guess you're going to tell him?" 

"Yes, I'm definitely going to tell him. I'm pretty sure he feels the same...I hope. God, what if he doesn't say it back. Do you think he might not feel the same?" 

Shit, now I'm freaking out. What if I have this all wrong? 

"Dude, you need to calm down. If he doesn't love you, then you need to run in the opposite direction because he's fucking crazy." 

Charlie uses his fork to make the crazy gesture by his temple. He always knows what to say, this is why Charlie is the best. 

"I can't imagine falling in love with someone who doesn't feel the same. That would be the worst!" 

Charlie chuckles and mumbles to himself. 

"Yeah, that's the worst. Seriously, don't worry about it. Jesse's crazy about you." 

"Okay. You're right. I'm sorry for being crazy, but I've never been in this type of relationship before. Seriously, though, how do you top Jesse?" 

"I don't know man, he's awesome." 

"No, I mean, how do I top? I have no clue, I've never done it. I'm fucking nervous I'll screw it up." 

I can feel myself starting to sweat and it's only dinner with Charlie, what's going to happen when it's actually going down? Charlie looks nervous, which is unlike him. 

"Oh. We're really talking about this?" 

He usually doesn't have any qualms about this stuff. He'll talk about sex forever. I look around, remembering we're at dinner in a public place. 

"Shit, I'm sorry." 

While staring intently at his meal, he robotically says. 

"Seriously, don't worry about it. Once you start, it comes naturally, but make sure you go slow, have him push out, and use all of the lube you've got. Preparation, preparation, preparation." 

"You're right. It's hard not to over think. With the way things are going, I'm feeling as though, maybe, Jesse is the one." 

All of a sudden, Charlie starts choking on his noodles. He's coughing and pounding his chest in an effort to dislodge whatever he's inhaled. 

Do I remember how to do the Heimlich? Throwing my fork and napkin down, and ready to jump across the table to save his life, I ask. 

"Holy shit! Do you need help?" 

He shakes his head no and holds his finger up, indicating he needs a minute. He coughs a few more times before finally settling down. His eyes are watering. 

"Sorry, I accidentally inhaled a noodle." 

His voice is still a little croaked. He takes a few deep breaths, trying to hold back coughing tremors from his near death experience. Half concerned and half joking, I ask. 

"As long as you're okay, are you going to be able to Karaoke tonight?" 

He smiles uncomfortably at me, likely embarrassed about choking in the restaurant. 

"Yeah, I think I'll manage." 

* * CHARLES * * 

Ryan takes his eyes off of the train wreck on stage to check in on me and asks. 

"How much are you dying right now?" 

"Whatever, its life. There's not a whole lot I can do except sit here and watch them play, how many cheesy songs can we sing to each other every Thursday night?" 

"You're fucking right! Every week! It makes me sick." 

Ryan sticks his fingers into his mouth, pretending to gag. 

"Luckily it's almost over." 

"Yeah, but the best is yet to come. I need an Oscar for my next performance." 

I take a drink and look at Ryan with all the sadness that's burdening my heart. 

"What?" 

The DJ's voice comes over the system. 

"Next up is Charles and Colin!" 

Realizing what's about to happen, he suddenly looks at me apologetically. 

"Oh, shit." 

I resign. 

"Yep." 

I meet Colin on the stage. He's smiling at me with so much anticipation, he's practically giddy. 

"Ready?" 

I squeeze his shoulder, "It's going to be awesome and funny. Jesse will love it!" 

I know he's nervous and I need to put my pride aside. Colin had asked to duet the song Fuck You (by Garfunkel & Oates), a few weeks ago. It's a weird, yet, hilariously quirky song that we can definitely pull off. We're good on stage together, so much so, it's become tradition for our duet to be the last song of the night. Ultimately, ending each night with a bang. 

My excitement for this song dissipated during dinner when I realized Colin wanted us to serenade Jesse. 

Bleh. 

"Alright! This song is dedicated to a special someone. I'm not going to name names so, if you're unsure if it's for you, it's definitely not." 

Colin is working the audience. Normally, we hype the audience together, but tonight he's only hyping Jesse. 

We take our mics and look at each other as the music comes on. Karaoke is more than words, it's about working the stage and the audience, it's about the presentation and execution. 
