 Greg was 18 years old. He was a tall, skinny boy, floppy, brown hair that framed his boyish face. Due to the family gene pool, he was also bound to a round, wire-framed pair of glasses, which, contrary to his own beliefs, fit his face quite nicely. He had just moved into town with his family, so he didn’t know many people in the area yet. He had managed rather quickly to get a job at the local supermarket. He worked in the back, and therefore wasn’t subjected to the uniforms the others had to wear. Greg preferred to wear a t-shirt, usually just a bit too small. The sleeves showed off his thin biceps, and the bottom of the shirt ended just where his pants began. Whenever he reached above for something, his tight abdomen was revealed, as well as the thin line of elastic strap from his underwear. Greg also like to wear his jeans tight, leaving little to the imagination as to what size package he had hidden away. Greg was not aware that this made him a rather attractive piece of meat for some people.

Shortly after Greg got his job, he had made fast friends with a co-worker, Matt. Matt was a college student, 24 years old. He had curly, black hair. He was a bit taller than Greg, and he kept himself in good shape. He was, in reality, rather slim for someone is age. In this, he could relate to Greg. Greg had grown to look forward to his otherwise dismal job because of Matt’s presence. It less than two weeks time, Greg and Matt started hanging out together outside of work. 

One such occasion, Matt took Greg to his dorm room, to give Greg an idea of college life. Matt lived in a room with one other guy, but he was not in at the time. Shortly after getting in, Matt took leave of Greg to use the restroom. In the meantime, the younger boy looked around the room. There were two beds, two desks, two closets, a TV and a small refrigerator. Greg was surprised to find some “adult magazines” nonchalantly placed on Matt’s desk. He started flipping through one of them, becoming slightly aroused. Shortly, Matt returned, and Greg put the magazine down, blushing. He cursed himself for wearing such tight jeans, because he was sure his new friend could make out his erection attempting to break free. 

Matt closed and locked the door behind him. “I leave you alone for two minutes and you already have a hard-on,” he said with a smirk on his face, which just made Greg more embarrassed. “Well, as long as you went to all the trouble...” Matt took a video tape from his desk. “... wanna watch?” 

Greg shrugged, “Sure.” Matt popped the tape in. He told Greg to sit on his bed, and he pulled up a chair for himself. The tape was now playing, a scene of a man fucking the brains out of a bombshell babe. After a short while, Matt asked, “have you ever done it with a girl?”

Greg replied that he had not. Matt said, “Neither have I, if you can believe that. We have more in common every minute!”

Greg was somewhat surprised, because Matt was by no means unattractive. He even stole some peeks at Matt’s crotch, his jeans were tented, no doubt due to his erection. Greg caught Matt checking out his own crotch. Knowing that his new friend was so interested in him turned Greg on more than the video. They watched for a few more minutes before Matt turned off the tape and put it away. He stood in front of Greg, squeezing his erection through his jeans. 

“Nothing like a good porno to get ya going, huh?” Matt said.

“Sure thing. My dick is aching,” responded Greg.

“Mine too.” He hesitated for a moment before saying, “Perhaps there’s a way we can help each other.” 

Greg was at once alert. He was definitely in need of some relief, but what was his friend proposing? “What do you mean?”

“Now, this is just a suggestion, and you can say ‘no’, but what do you say we just pull our stuff out now and jerk off?”

The situation was confusing to Greg. Being a 18 year old boy, he was very adept at jerking himself off. But doing it with someone else right there? With not only a guy, but his friend? It all seemed so strange to him, but the bulge in his pants was taking over his mind. Uncertain, but willing, he asked, “What do you want me to do?”

“Well, you don’t normally jerk off through your clothes, do you?” And at that, Matt undid the button on his jeans, and unzipped them, showing off his tighty whities. He slipped his hand in his pants and slowly stroked his prick through the briefs.

Taking the cue, Greg stood up and unbuckled his belt. He massaged the front of his crotch, the tight fabric rubbing against his dick. He undid his jeans and peeled them off his thighs, down to his ankles. He was now standing in his tight t-shirt and powder blue briefs, pants around his sock-clad ankles. Only a few feet away, facing Greg, Matt was ogling him. Greg, not wanting to be on uneven ground, said, “Aren’t you going to take anything off?”

Matt stripped down to his briefs, stepping out of his jeans and unbuttoning and taking off his shirt. “What do you think?” Matt asked, tracing the outline of his hard cock with a finger tip. Greg did not answer, but simply reached into his own underwear and started stroking his hard-on. Matt questioned again, “Have you ever seen another guy’s cock in person?”

Greg shook his head, too embroiled in the moment to answer verbally.

“Do you want to?” 

Greg nodded.

“First, take off your shirt and shorts.” Greg struggled his shirt over his head, and hesitated. Matt pondered, “Do you want to see mine first? Take a look for yourself.” With that, he moved close to Greg, presenting his briefs for removal. 

The 18 year old boy was feeling confused. He was turned on by Matt’s offer, and was beginning to understand his motives. Matt was gay. But was Greg ready for this new experience? Some primal urge deep within his loins screamed “Yes!”

Greg tentatively reached for the elastic band of Matt’s briefs. He inserted his index fingers into the band and pulled it toward himself. He peeked inside to see Matt’s hard penis. The smell of man-scent wafted from Matt’s crotch, and Greg was intoxicated. He lowered the front of the briefs so the elastic band rested under Matt’s balls. He returned his hands to his sides, as Matt shuddered from the momentary contact of Greg’s fingers with his balls. 

Matt boasted a a man-sized portion of meat, which twitched with his pulse in the space between him and his new boy toy. It was rooted in a thick swatch of pubic hair that trailed up to his navel. That made Greg feel self-conscious, as his bush was not as thick. Matt reached for Greg’s light-blue briefs and said, “My turn.” He grabbed the sides of the shorts and lowered himself to his knees, taking the briefs to reunite with Greg’s pants around his ankles. As Greg’s erect cock freed itself from the elastic, it rebounded with a slap! against his stomach. He stood now naked, nervously, as Matt stared down his one-eyed monster, eye to eye. Matt was surely now in heaven, for Greg’s penis was godly. Long and smooth, capped with a perfect, split, red knob. Likewise, the thick vein that ran the length of the underside of his prick caused it to flinch with blood flow. If his erection was any indication, Greg was surely enjoying this attention. 

Matt’s hands were still on Greg’s ankles, and now he moved them up Greg’s legs, feeling his course-yet-smooth man-boy hair. Greg was full of electricity, as new feelings of lust stirred inside of him. His new friend’s hands came closer to the prize, and My God! reached his balls. Matt played with his balls and rubbed his fur for a moment before moving on to his unit. Greg’s cock was potentially harder as it ever has been, in anticipation of a foreign hand’s touch. With his free hand, Matt took Greg’s right wrist and guided his hand to rest on his own unit. As Greg grasped Matt’s hard dick, likewise Matt’s hand wrapped itself around Greg’s engorged member. The simultaneous feeling of a warm hand on his own stiff member for the first time along with the sensation of feeling someone else’s dick for the first time was overwhelming. Pre-cum flowed freely through Greg’s piss-slit, out onto Matt’s tightly gripping fist. Greg, almost unconsciously, began to move his hips toward Matt, fucking his fist. Matt took the hint and slowly stroked the long, slender cock of this long, slender boy, who was so enthralled by the new experience that all he could do was stare at his friend’s hand going at his teenage dick. 

While Greg was enraptured in his ecstasy, all Matt could think of was getting this boy’s ass. He moved the mutual masturbation session to the bed, removing the clothing from around their ankles. He had Greg lay down, while he knelt between his spread legs. He continued to move his fist over the boy’s cock, while working his other hand toward his ultimate goal. Greg’s sense of reason was so skewed by this pleasure that when Matt’s exploring finger entered his virgin rosebud, he welcomed it. The finger twisted around and moved in and out of the tight hole. 

Releasing the boy’s erection, Matt reached to his desk to retrieve a tube of lubrication. He smeared some on the offending finger and replaced it in Greg’s asshole. With his other hand, he worked the slick substance onto his cock. He crawled on top of Greg, taking the boy’s knees to his chest, exposing the winking sphincter. He rested the tip of his hard dick at the entrance to the boy’s anus. Waking out of his pleasure-induced stupor, Greg was horrified to find Matt mounting him, his co-worker’s dick pressing into his tight hole. 

“No, please don’t,” the boy pleaded. But his plea went unheard, as the barrier was broken, the engorged helmet of the college student's cock slipped into Greg’s ass. Matt was not a large person for his age, but his dick was large. Greg was six years younger than Matt, and indeed a good deal smaller. His little ass was really about to be strained by the large, intruding member. 

Greg’s breathing became heaver as Matt pressed in further, slowly. “Please, no. Get it out of me,” he whimpered. Matt was not completely oblivious to the concerns of his new fuck-buddy. His protrusion into his sexual partner’s ass was a slow process, intended to reduce the sharp pains felt when breaking in a new ass. The look of worry on Greg’s face, the eyes that one gets at a young age upon losing one’s mother in a department store, the slightly open lips through which shuddering breaths passed, really got Matt horny. But he didn’t want to freak the boy out too much, so to calm Greg down, Matt took his limp dick and played with it. He lowered his face down to the boy’s quivering lips. His tongue slipped into the boy’s mouth. Greg submitted to Matt’s coercion. His anus relaxed a little, allowing the intruder to proceed farther down the dark tunnel. 

Soon, Greg felt Matt’s harry crotch pressing against his ass. Matt was all the way in. Although the worried look still lingered on Greg’s face, his dick was hard in Matt’s grasping hand. Matt sat up and slowly began to work his dick in and out of Greg’s rectum. He was in ecstasy, the tight flesh squeezing at his member as he moved in and out. He quickened his pace, really fucking Greg now. Greg was a mish-mash of feelings, repulsion at the thick cock pumping in his ass, but great pleasure at the hand pumping his own cock. 

Grunts and whines escaped the throats of the boys. The tension in the small room was rising, the heat increasing. Bare flesh rubbing against bare flesh. These two smooth bodies writhing with pleasure. One man seducing a younger boy into this raw, unnatural pleasure. As Matt’s fuck pole slammed Greg’s ass, he quickened the pace at which he stroked the boy’s cock. The slapping of flesh, the moans of pleasure and pain, driving past the point of no return. Greg felt it. The rising feeling in his cock. Loud grunts emitted from his throat, as shot after shot of burning hot semen escaped his dick to splatter on his chest, his face. His ass muscles spasmed around Matt’s cock. The sight of Greg’s eruption and the feeling of his clenching ass drove Matt to that same point. The final drive home, Matt burst his load deep in Greg’s ass.

Both panting, Matt collapsed onto Greg, smearing Greg’s cum between their bodies. They fell asleep, Greg’s ass still filled with Matt’s softening cock, cum oozing out. 

Greg may not have liked Matt’s forced entry, but that didn’t stop him from coming back for more. Matt had himself his own boy toy.