 My only day off in a ten-day business trip to northern Germany was cold, with a heavy wet snow coming down. Looking through all my options on how to use my day I decided to find a men's bathhouse and enjoy the opportunities that a German bathhouse offers.

I got off the train and walked the 3 blocks to the address I found online. Paying my fee, I was given a towel, a key for a room and told I had 6 hours – in English thankfully. I walked in to a very clean though a bit dark entrance with a few guys in towels lounging – and not particularly interested in my arrival. I made my way upstairs to my room, a cubical with a small platform with a vinyl covered mattress and a frosted window that let in the feeble light from outside.

Once undressed and in my towel, I headed out – exploring this multi-floor playhouse.

I was in my early 40s, pretty much your average joe, dark hair and eyes. Not hard to look at but not remarkable either. I knew I was bisexual since I was an early teen. I had also learned that when I was with a man I was a very slutty submissive bottom. Kissing me was the fastest way to get me on my knees, or on my back feet high in the air begging to be fucked. I have toyed with cross dressing, I love the feel of stockings and high heels on freshly shaved legs – and men seem to like my legs as well – since they always like to see me strutting. But traveling eliminated that opportunity. I was with a large contingent of co-workers and the risk was too high. 

I was in Germany, and in a bathhouse so it was a two-fer of new experiences. The décor was mostly cheesy Greek temple with a hint of Bavaria. As I wandered the place I found rooms with designated gay themes. A video room with couches and chairs and gay porn playing on lots of screens. A second room was a maze, very dark, with cubbies and glory holes scattered around. A third room was a bondage room. Lit in subdued red lights the room contained an X frame with Velcro wrist and ankle restraints, a sling, something that looked like an upholstered saw horse with shelves for your knees and forearms. A chain that hung from the ceiling with wrist restraints on it that went to a small winch immediately drew may attention. If inclined a man could be suspended off the floor – and honestly that turned me on something fierce. I really loved the idea of being suspended with men around me, touching me, fucking me, doing whatever they wanted. 

Unfortunately, that fantasy has not be fulfilled. The bondage room, like every other room I had been in was empty. I was beginning to fear that the bath house was empty except a few guys in the front who weren't interested in playing. 

I went down a level, a dark room and a multilevel bed room with small beds at all heights and a series of small private rooms – also all empty. This was going from disappointing to almost spooky. 

The lowest floor held the sauna and steam room. Thinking that if nothing else I could go into the steam room and finally get warm, something that had eluded me on my early spring trip to northern Germany. I opened the door. A series of hooks on the well held a number of towels – maybe I wasn't alone. The room was actually dark and divided into small cubicles. The only illumination in the room came from the far end, a window, heavily frosted and steamed up produced a dull, liquid light that didn't really improve vision but rather showed shapes with little detail – even up close. 

The cubicles on either side of the main aisle opened to the dark end of the room rather than the aisle making each small space an inky blackness in the heated gloom. I saw a shape in the first cubicle I came to, and being curious I leaned in. A hand touched my chest then wandered down to my waist. He put his hand in the small of my back and with gentle pressure pulled me in, an invitation I eagerly accepted. 

I was sweating as was he. Occasional hisses steam jetting into the room broke the eerie quiet. Listening closely, I could hear what sounded like somebody being fucked, the slap, slap of thigh on thigh, hip on ass and the gentle grunting of the couple fulfilling a primal need. But at this moment that was background noise. My eyes began to adjust a little but not sufficiently to make out any details. He was my height, dark hair, good shape, and he was smooth. He pinned me against metal cubicle wall and began to kiss me and lick my neck and chest. I ran my hands down his back but he grabbed both wrists and pressed them up against the warm metal behind me, squeezing my fingers over the top. I left them there – excited by the idea I was a toy for him to play with.

He leaned in uttering something in German – "English" I replied and he responded – "don't move". Strong fingers pulled my head forward and he kissed me – a very dominant kiss. And I almost melted. His hands played over my body, sides, hips, chest, face, neck, thighs – as if he were trying to see me with his hands. I closed my eyes and savored his rough touch, the feeling of his excitement at exploring my body. I was so hard I could feel my cock pulse with every new touch. With is last kiss both of his hands went behind my neck and pulled me downward. Letting go of the wall I went where he pulled me. Pressing my face into his chest I savored each nipple as it came into my reach. He had nipple piercings, small rings and I sucked the nipple then used my teeth to gently tug the rings. I love nipple rings. What a great way to put a chain from nipple to nipple – very hot. Being a submissive I love the idea of a guy using that chain to lead me around – but that is for another story.

He was smooth and I licked and sucked my way down his body as his firm hands kept the pressure on my shoulders. My knees met the warm wet floor and I was in front of a large, semi-firm cock. I waited – he was in charge – he would use my mouth as he chooses. Finally after what seemed like an eternity (I can only assume he was testing me to see how submissive I was – like a trained dog waiting for permission to take the treat) he pressed his cock into my face, grinding it all over, cock balls pressed firmly into my face and I drank in his scent. My tongue came out to lick anything he pressed into me. Pulling his cock up he pressed me into his sack. I eagerly licked it, the sucked one ball, then both, into my mouth. He moaned and I began to gently roll them in my mouth. His now hard cock lay on my forehead and his hands held me firmly in place. I was being used – and I was completely consumed by it. My entire being was focused on him, his balls in my mouth and his firm hands. This went on for some time – it might have been three minutes or it might have been fifteen. He turned from me, then backed into my face pressing my head against the partition and ground is ass into my face. My lips clamped onto to his opening and I began to suck. I licked it, then begin to probe his hole. He held my head and as I stuck my tongue into him he began to move into my face – essentially using my tongue to fuck his tight hole. 

As this point I was a mindless slut – his to use as he wished. My hands lay at my side, if he didn't ask for them I wouldn't use them. He was grinding my head into the partition and I was straining to get my tongue as far out of my mouth as I could. Since time no longer had any meaning I have no idea how long we did this but when he ceased he pulled me to my feet. In the dim light that was the opening to our cube I saw other figures – watching. Nothing turns me on more than to have others watch as somebody uses me. I adore being a sex object and his moaning had drawn and audience. Some to admire his skill and prowess, others to envy me – and I drank it up like a fine wine. 

My dom grabbed my face and kissed me again and I put everything I had into returning it – trying to tell him I was surrendering myself to him totally. Turing me, and pressing my face into the warm metal, his feet spread my feet wider. Hands – lots of hands began to caress me. He was inviting the audience to participate. I had given myself totally to my sensual being and each touch was just more sensation, more excitement. I was desired, craved by total strangers, faceless strangers and every nerve in my body was alive and dancing. 

A cock was pressed into my ass. Assuming it was his but I had no way to knowing for certain, I pulled my ass cheeks apart. I felt hands exploring my ass and one guided the large cock to my hole. No lube, no condom and no preliminaries. He just shoved in – and it hurt like hell. I cried out – and the crowd seemed to enjoy that. They seemed to thrill at the kill, when he impaled me and I cried out like a wounded animal. The circle around me got a bit tighter. 

My reaction to pain is to avoid it. I tried to twist away but the hands and the partition gave me no place to go. I wanted to please him so I bit my lip, using my hands I urged him to pause till I adjusted. A few seconds passed and he began to slide deeper into me. The pain remained but a rising urge of need and sensation of pleasure begin to rise to meet the pain. 

He pulled back then slowly in again and I was relaxing on his cock. It was then I got a mental image of this place. A pack of horny men, surrounding a guy who was getting fucked and each of the watchers either enjoying the show or desiring a piece of me, or to be me and I was totally enflamed. I began to move back into his cock, moaning and grunting my eager pleasure. He fucked me with a steady rhythm, long deep strokes. Taking my forearms in his hands he pulled them back, using my arms like a rider uses the bridle of a horse. He pulled me back onto each stroke into me – making me his personal fuck toy. We slowly rotated so that my face was no longer pressed into the partition but faced our admirers. Bent over, arms held tightly behind me I saw an indeterminant number of bodies and smelled men in heat. 

A hand grabbed my hair and pressed a cock into my face, which I ignored. I hadn't been given permission. He pressed again I turned away. A voice behind me, in English said "suck my friends cock my slut." I wanted to kiss him just then – he knew exactly what I was doing. I opened my mouth and the new cock began to use it. Tonguing the bottom of his cock with each stroke I tried very hard to please my dom by giving pleasure to this other person. I was being deep and thoroughly fucked in my ass and in my mouth and I just wanted it to go on and on and on. 

I felt the guy in my mouth tense – his cock swelled and then a spurt of cum. He pulled quickly out and shot several hot wads on my face while I let what was in my mouth dribble out onto my chin. I loved wearing proof of my skill and their satisfaction. My dom continued to use me at what I realized was a pace that brought him pleasure but would not let him cum. I clamped my ass on his cock as tightly as I could. A second cock pressed into my mouth and I accepted it, giving it as much attention as the first. Sometime later a second jet of cum joined the first slick coating on my nose, forehead, eyes and cheek. By the way – cum burns if it gets into your eyes. A third cock repeated the ritual. 

I was quickly becoming exhausted, it was hot, I was being used over and over and my legs began to wobble. I was having a hard time standing. My dom sensed it and pulled out of me. Putting his arm around my waist he helped me to stand. The crowd parted and he led me from the steam room. Grabbing my towel, he took me to his room, a bigger, posher room than I had. In the full length mirror I saw a man, skin red and slick from sweat, face covered in cum and looking very weary, which I felt. I looked tired, flushed and used which made me smile. 

"Carl" my dom said, "Jim" I replied. He took a warm cloth and wiped my face then helped me lay down. Laying down beside me I curled up into him, cooling down and breathing. I looked down and he was still very hard – I had not performed my primary duty. I rolled onto my back and urged him to mount me. I saw his questioning eyes but I nodded and smiled indicating I wanted this. 

He mounted me, entered me and began to fuck me. I wrapped my legs around his waist. I looked him in the eye. "Cum in me" I said, "I need your cum." A smile and a sudden increase in tempo told he wanted it too. I rolled my head back and enjoyed him. Now that I could really see him, he was rugged, not handsome but very manly, thick shoulders, square head and a great ass. I looked him in the eye as we fucked so he knew I loved it. His tempo increased again and he began to pound me into the mattress. Each thrust got a grunt of pleasure from me. Then I felt him swell and knew he was about to cum. I humped up to meet each thrust. He slammed deeper than ever into me and I pulled him as deep as I could, wrapping myself around him. He came, in wave after wave, each spasm brought a new flood of cum inside me. I savored every wave, tried to capture every drop of cum, wring every ounce of pleasure out of his orgasm for him. It was what I wanted -to drain him and prove I was only there to please him. 

As his orgasm subsided he slumped. I wrapped him up again, indicating I wanted him to lay on me. I wanted him to stay there, stay inside me. He breathed heavily. His cock began to shrink and it eventually slipped out. In time, he rolled off and I felt his cum leaking out of me. I took two fingers and scooped it up and put it on my cock and I slowly stroked my raging hard on. He watched then took my cock in his hand as I pumped into his fist. In only seconds I shot a long stream of cum all over my own chest and face. Wave after wave of pleasure washed over me. My body turned to rubber. It was only now I realized how drained I was. 

He leaned into me, kissed me, cum on my lips and all and said "amazing – wish you were mine all the time" and laid back down. I curled up under his arm, my head on his chest, "me too" I said. He fell into a deep breathing rhythm and I fell asleep. I woke later, he still slept. I took my towel, crept from his room, showered changed and left. I had been there over 5 hours. It was pitch dark and I had a long ride back to my hotel. I know I won't ever be back there but the memory has never faded.