 When Greg returned home at nearly 2:00 a.m. he was completely drained and went directly to bed sleeping well until noon on Sunday. He was more than satisfied with the male action last night yet he missed Ryan so much; he never expected to meet someone like him! Greg threw on shorts and a t-shirt, laced up his sneakers and went jogging in Central Park. When Greg returned after an hour he grabbed some juice before heading into the shower. The refreshing feel of the water on his damp, sweaty hair and body was welcoming. He lathered up and massaged his body from head to toe, when he got to his cock he lathered it again stroking it re-living the glorious sex-capade of last night and slowly becoming aroused. He loved watching his cock protrude from his body when he became fully erect and stroked it while moaning softly.

Greg was so absorbed in pleasuring himself that he did not hear his friend Jerry come in the door he inadvertently left ajar. Jerry heard the shower running and knocked on the door before sticking his head in,

"Greg, hey it's Jerry, your door was open," said Jerry.

"Oh, uh, hi, give me a few minutes and I'll be right out," said Greg nervously as he turned to hide his prominent erection. To Greg's surprise Jerry entered the bathroom watching him,

"Oh my God, I caught you with your trunk up!" exclaimed Jerry while winking.

"Yeah, and if you don't mind I'd like some privacy," said Greg. He knew Jerry was straight and didn't like him gawking at him as if he were a piece of meat. Jerry still didn't move away as he fondled his crotch through his cargo shorts,

"Do you mind if I jerk off with you?" asked Jerry starting to undress and enter the shower with Greg. 

"Sure, you can," answered Greg and turned around and they began jerking off together. Jerry did the unexpected and pulled Greg closer to him and grabbed both cocks massaging them together which totally aroused Greg. Jerry was about a little over 5 feet with a stocky but firm build, his ebony skin glistened as he moved in under the shower head closer to Greg to kiss him on the lips,

"I'm glad you're back in New York, I missed you, dude!" exclaimed Jerry as he stopped massaging their cocks and embraced Greg warmly.

"I, I missed you too, eh, I'm sorry, I'm a little confused here, aren't you straight?" asked Greg anxiously.

"No, I've never been," answered Jerry.

"I've always seen you around plenty of chicks, I, I would have known, I have many friends who are girls also, but eh," Jerry didn't allow him to finish and kissed him passionately.

"I'm gay, Greg, the only other person who knew was Carl. I dated other guys, but I've never felt for them the way I feel for you right now, Greg," explained Jerry kissing and embracing him.

"I had no idea," Greg said in disbelief.

"My mistake was telling Carl that I liked and desired you. A couple of days later he invited you to a Yankee game, after that you two were inseparable," said Jerry.

"Jerry, that may be so, however, I made the first move on Carl because I wanted him sexually ever since junior high. When we arrived home after the game while sitting on the couch I told him how I felt about him. At first he was totally appalled and smacked me hard, pushing me away. I then grabbed him, pulling his face close to mine and I kissed his lips firmly while jumping on top of him. He returned my kiss and we became lovers that night; I never had any sexual desire for you," explained Greg.

"So there's no chance for us as a couple," said Jerry.

"There never was, I love you as a friend only, Jerry, I'm very flattered that you think of me in this way," said Greg turning off the water and getting out and covering himself with a towel before something happened. Jerry followed Greg out grabbing his clothes,

"If you're so flattered, then why are you covering yourself! I got the message, Greg!" Jerry said with his voice cracking.

"Jerry, please understand, you're the last person I would want to hurt in this entire universe, I needed to be honest, I do not love you romantically!" exclaimed Greg sitting on the bed. Jerry couldn't believe Greg was rejecting him and pushed him down and climbed on top of him kissing him,

"I want you to fuck me, I want your cock in me," begged Jerry. Greg pushed him off the bed.

"No, it's not happening!" exclaimed Greg.

"Why the fuck not?" asked Jerry.

"I'm not fucking attracted to you!" Greg snapped.

"You were always honest! At least I know now," said Jerry putting his clothes on hurriedly.

"We can still be friends, Jerry, don't leave," said Greg.

"I don't see how we can be, dude! I don't think I could be with you without holding you, kissing you or making love to you!" exclaimed Jerry in tears. 

"I'm sorry, Jerry, I really am," said Greg. In a knee-jerk reaction to Jerry's tears he reached out to embrace him,

"Don't fucking touch me!" hissed Jerry shoving him away.

"It doesn't have to end like this, Jerry!" exclaimed Greg.

"Let me leave now before I jump on top of you again," said Jerry and ran out the door in hysterics. Greg wrapped in a towel grabbed him and pulled him back in,

"Damn it, Jerry, stop!" Greg shouted holding his arms firmly.

"Just let me go, damn it!" Jerry pleaded in tears.

"I love you, Jerry, however, if we're not able to remain friends without crossing the sexual boundary, I'll need to accept that and let you go. I need to tell you that I'll always be your friend. I understand and respect those feelings you have right now even though you're unable to respect mine," explained Greg softly in tears. Jerry just nodded in agreement, then left. Greg slowly walked to his bed and sat down in tears, he decided to give Carl a call and it went straight to voice-mail and Greg left him a message.

He lay down on his bed and fondled his cock then started stroking it until several rounds spurt onto his stomach. He had a snack for lunch then threw himself into his work to distract him from the episode with Jerry. Before he realized it, it was dark, the time on his iPad said 8:35 p.m. It was definitely too late to start cooking so he ordered dinner out and decided to call Ryan while waiting. He taps the contact list on his phone and scrolls down to Ryan's photo, stares at it for a few seconds then kisses it. He presses dial and was shocked after two rings a recorded message stated that the number had been disconnected with no further information available then hung up. Greg then attempted to send Ryan an e-mail and it failed to go through. Greg thought to himself that this cannot be happening, something was not right.

Greg remembered the theater company Ryan was with, he saw him on stage a couple of times before they went out for the evening. He looked up the number of the New Age Players and dialed it,

"Hello, New Age Players, how may I help you, this is Elton speaking," said Elton cheerfully.

"Hello Elton, I'm Greg Ferrante, I'm looking for one of your actors, Mr. Ryan Reynolds. His phone is disconnected and his e-mail address had been deactivated," said Greg anxiously.

"Mr. Ferrante, Ryan is no longer with us, his contract ended last week. I'm aware of his phone and e-mail deactivation, I'm sorry that I'm unable to help you. Even if I did have it, I do not give out any personal information," said Elton.

"I realize that, I would've just left a message for you to give to him," said Greg.

"I understand, if I hear from him, which is doubtful, I'll tell him you were looking for him," said Elton.

"Thanks, that's all I wanted," said Greg and hung up.

Greg also recalled when he first met Ryan mentioned that he just got out of an abusive relationship or maybe he just made that up. There was no way of locating him to check up on him; Greg needed to let go and move on. Greg was only in his jogging shorts without underwear when the delivery guy arrived with his dinner. When the doorbell rang he answered the door and reached for the bag and the hunky guy saw his breasts and reached for his nipple and gently squeezed it. Greg put the bag down and silently pulled him in the door, and the guy licked and sucked his nipples as Greg guided him to the couch. They both sat down as Greg pushed his head to his crotch while lowering his shorts, he sucked hungrily at Greg's growing cock. Greg pushed his head down further so that the guy would deep-throat him,

"Yeah, suck my fucking cock, oh yeah, this is what you want," panted Greg. Greg moistened his finger and reached into the guy's pants to finger his butt hole and the guy moaned while working him. Greg added another finger and pumped him with his fingers and the delivery guy rocked his body with it. He then pulled his shorts and briefs off, unrolled a condom onto Greg's erect cock, lubed his cock and butt hole then faced Greg and slowly squatted down, guiding it in inch by inch. He slowly slid up and down Greg's meaty pole moaning as Greg stroked his 6.5 inch cock. Without withdrawing Greg positioned him on his side lifting up his outer leg and began pounding into his ass making him pant,

"Yeah, give me more of your ass-splitting cock, oh fuck yeah, oh fuck you're so good," panted the delivery guy stroking his cock rapidly,

"Oh God, I'm coming!" he panted as eight generous strands landed on his shirt. He was glad Greg was still thrusting into his sorry tight ass and after a few minutes Greg withdrew pulling the condom off and volleying several rounds onto his stomach. The delivery guy quickly put his pants on, kissed Greg on the lips and then left. Greg, still naked walked to the door, locked it for the evening then proceeded to eat his dinner. When he finished eating he lay down on his bed to watch some television before going to sleep. His cell phone rang and looked at the caller ID and was happy to see that it was Carl returning his call,

"Hello Greg, how the fuck are you?"

"Hey Muffin, I'm better now that I'm hearing your voice, how's married life?" asked Greg.

"It's wonderful, Greg! I'm happier than I've ever been in my entire life!" Carl exclaimed.

"I'm happy for you," said Greg.

"Paul and I extended our honeymoon at Costa del Sol for an additional nine days, we found it difficult to leave, and returned last week," said Carl.

"How's Paul?" asked Greg.

"He's great! He's taking a short siesta in the bedroom, we returned from a beach party about an hour ago," answered Carl.

"Did I disturb you?" asked Greg.

"No, I napped a little then did some laundry, I have some time to chat before I prepare us a light snack. Greg, you were a very handsome Best Man," said Carl.

"You looked absolutely breath-taking in that strapless wedding dress and heels, the long-sleeve gloves were a nice touch, your make-up was flawless. The pearl earrings and necklace were stunning, you and Paul made a beautiful couple, I'm sincerely happy for you two," said Greg. Greg was a bit shocked to see him in a wedding dress but didn't mention it and was fearful where that was leading.

"When Paul discovered my Bridal magazines riddled with post-it notes and he encouraged me to wear a dress. The night before our wedding he surprised with the pearl necklace and earrings as a wedding gift. Your compliment means a lot to me! I'll be posting our candid wedding photos on facebook in a few days. Greg, why didn't Jerry come to the wedding?" asked Carl.

"Jerry knew I would be at the wedding and was anxious about being around me," said Greg.

"Why Greg?" asked Carl.

"Jerry paid me an unexpected visit earlier, I had no clue he was gay. He wanted to court and make love to me," answered Greg.

"Oh my God! He only told me and several others while in high school, I don't know why he never told you. I thought you knew," said Carl.

"What else did he tell you?" asked Greg.

"Nothing," answered Carl.

"He never confided in you about liking or desiring me?" asked Greg.

"No, what kind of a tale did he spin?" asked Carl.

"That once he confided in you about me and that you intentionally ruined his chances of being with me," answered Greg.

"That's totally ridiculous, I do remember going to a Yankee game with you. During the game you put your arm around me, I felt weird and excited at the same time. When we returned to my house we became lovers after you made the first sexual advance. After that we were attached to each other's hip," said Carl emotionally.

"Why did you smack me and push me away that night?" asked Greg.

"Even though I knew you've had those feeling for me long before that, when it actually happened it was too much for me to absorb! When you grabbed my face and kissed me while climbing on top of me, that was it for me, Greg! I'll never regret one moment when we were together, Greg," said Carl with his voice cracking.

"Neither do I, I miss you so fucking much it hurts," said Greg.

"I know, I miss watching you sleep and your cooking," said Carl.

"I finally told my father that I'm gay," said Greg.

"How did he handle the news?" asked Carl.

"He handled it a lot better than I thought," said Greg.

"That's good, Greg! How did it end with Jerry?" asked Carl.

"I mentioned that I've never had romantic feelings for him. I attempted to iron things out between us," said Greg.

"Greg, just let it go! Jerry could be a bit of a control freak once he has his grip on you," offered Carl.

"When will you be able to come to New York?" asked Greg.

"Not for a while yet, we're just settling in to our condo and will be heading back to work in a couple of days! We may be back from Spain but we're still honeymooning. Oh, gosh, I need to prepare something now, I need to eat soon. I just got a new computer and will Skype you next week," said Carl.

"I won't keep you, Muffin, kiss and hug Paul for me, I love you," said Greg.

"Okay, I will, I love you very much, my sweet brother, ciao for now" said Carl and hung up.



Monday morning--8:30 a.m.

Greg woke up, grabbed some juice before a quick jog along his favorite path in Central Park. While he was jogging he heard a familiar voice call out to him,

"Aloha handsome!" exclaimed Kathleen. Greg stopped dead in his tracks as he turned around and looked to see Kathleen standing behind him smiling.

"Hello! I never expected to see you here!" exclaimed Greg excitedly kissing her on the cheek. 

"I just completed a temporary assignment for the City and next week I start as an IT troubleshooter for the NYSE, I'm renting a small studio apartment not too far from here," said Kathleen.

"Let's jog together," suggested Greg.

"How come you never called me?" asked Kathleen jogging slowly.

"Carl and I broke up which left me heart-broken; I was best man at his wedding in June. Before returning to New York I met someone but lost contact with him, the timing wasn't right, Kath," answered Greg.

"Are you with anyone now?" asked Kathleen.

"No, however, I'm still gay," said Greg.

"You do mean bi, don't you?" asked Kathleen.

"I guess so," admitted Greg.

"If we decided to date you could still hook up with guys, I won't take that away from you, Greg," offered Kathleen.

"Why would you ever agree to something like that?" asked Greg.

"I like you so much and want to date you," answered Kathleen.

"Kathleen, you have yourself a boyfriend," said Greg and stopped to kiss her on the lips.

"Are you sure?" asked Kathleen. Greg pulled her closer kissing and embracing her.

"What time shall we go to dinner tonight?" asked Greg as he kissed her.

"Oh, eh 7:30 p.m. sounds good," answered Kathleen giving Greg her address.

"Then it's our first official date," said Greg.

Greg and Kathleen dated exclusively for six months and then he asked her to marry him. Carl and Paul flew in for their wedding and Carl was Greg's best man. Greg's parents died suddenly in a car crash a year after they were married which left both of them devastated. Carl rushed to Greg's side and stayed with Greg and Kathleen for a week during that time.