 CHAPTER FOUR

Two weeks later

Greg already had several clients for his firm that he started from his home office, which was in the well-furnished walk-in apartment in his parent's home. He was very busy drawing up designs, working out specifications and traveling to sites. He missed Ryan and was able to speak to him only twice since he left California; Ryan missed Greg also but was busy with his theater group as well as auditioning for new roles. They both had a sinking feeling their relationship wouldn't withstand the elements of time and distance both agreeing to see other people as they tearfully parted a month ago.

One day during a break his father, Frank, approached him and mentioned that friends of theirs were in New York that night for a visit with their lovely daughter who was a couple of years younger than him. He asked Greg to take her out and show her the sights. Greg hesitated and said,

"I'm not able to, I'll be going out tonight," Greg flatly said.

"Take her with you," Frank insisted.

"Dad, eh, I should have let you know long ago, however if you haven't already guessed, I'm gay," Greg said relieved that he finally told his father.

"I've never been actually sure, however I suspected when you've never brought girls home, nor have you ever mentioned dating any girl while in California," said Frank sourly.

"I'm happy with my decision and I'm relieved that I told you," said Greg.

"Why did it take you such a long time to tell me?" asked Frank.

"I wasn't sure about it until recently when I lost Carl to someone else," said Greg.

"Carl is gay?" asked Frank startled.

"Yes, we were friends and lovers until our senior year, we were also growing apart and the main issue he had with me was my failure to "come out" as a homosexual. I was best man at his wedding, he's happy now and I just met someone else before returning to New York," explained Greg.

"Who is he?" asked Frank.

"Ryan is an actor who's a year older than me, he's still in California, we keep in touch, however we agreed to hook up whenever he's in town," said Greg.

"I'm not particularly happy about your decision, I know that you've already made your mind up about it so there's no use discussing it any further, just be responsible," said Frank and walked away.

Frank wasn't the most demonstrative of fathers and rarely showed emotion toward Greg, though Greg didn't need his father's approval. When Greg's parents flew in for his graduation, Frank barely uttered congratulations like a proud father would naturally boast. Even though Frank was disappointed with Greg's decision, he still loved him deeply being more worried about his overall well-being. Greg's mother Maria took the news of Greg's being gay well because she knew of her son's orientation but never mentioned it to Frank.

That night Greg decided to head to a gay bar in Hell's Kitchen. He put on stone-wash hipster shorts that sported the tip of his ass crack and a white mesh tank top that showcased his firm breasts and abdomen. He had just gone for a manicure/pedicure a couple of days ago and felt downright sexy and attractive as he put his sandals on. He approached the bar confidently and sat down at the available stool and ordered a beer. He was mainly looking to hook up and wasn't too particular if he was a top or a bottom, although being a bottom is more heavenly for him. He was slowly sipping his beer enjoying the hot bare-chested bartenders when he spotted a sexy red-headed cutie staring at him at the other side of the bar. To show he was interested Greg winked at him and swirled his tongue playfully around the lip of the bottle. This guy was absolutely adorable, with large hazel eyes, closely cropped hair with a small tuft at the top, sensuous lips and a smile that could melt an iceberg. Greg's heart skipped a few beats as the red head stood up and made his way over to him,

"Hey dude, I'm Kenneth, you're really handsome, you look awesome tonight!"

"I'm Greg, you're absolutely gorgeous!" exclaimed Greg as Kenneth climbed onto the stool next to him. They shook hands and kissed each other gently on the cheek. Greg quickly noticed the bulge that had formed on Kenneth.

"Are you here with any one?" asked Kenneth.

"No," answered Greg.

"I'm here with a close friend of mine who's now occupied at the moment," offered Kenneth smiling.

"You have quite a nice bulge there," said Greg smiling as he placed his hand firmly on Kenneth's thigh and squeezed it.

"When I saw you come in and sit down I just couldn't keep my eyes off of you, and started touching myself and became aroused," said Kenneth breathing heavily. Greg's hand slowly traced the size of Kenneth's bulky cock through his jeans and started breathing heavily. Kenneth pulled Greg's chin closer to his and started kissing him on the lips passionately as Greg anxiously opened Kenneth's zipper to reach into Kenneth's boxers for his growing 7.5 inch plump cock. He discreetly pulled his cock out then freed his balls making them rest on top of his jeans. Greg was admiring its splendor quickly massaging his balls with one hand and fondling his shaft with the other. Kenneth guided Greg's head to it panting,

"Nice package, Ken, it looks like I need to relieve you," said Greg as he began sucking and licking his finely sculpted dickhead.

"Oh yeah Greg, suck my cock, oh, oh yeah, oh you're good, oh fuck yeah, that's it, hah," panted Kenneth. Greg had Kenneth going wild when he deep-throated him several times. Kenneth loved Greg began fucking him with his mouth and gave up pre cum that Greg swallowed. One of the regulars who knew Kenneth came over and began exploring his mouth with his tongue while playing with his nipples and Kenneth became even more aroused. After a while without warning from Kenneth, several strands of warm milky pleasure passed through Greg's lips and he milked Kenneth's cock clean until it went limp. Kenneth then put his limp penis back in his pants and then kissed Greg as the regular left the bar.

"Who was that?" asked Greg.

"Oh, that was Mitchell, we hook up every once in a while. I popped his nut earlier," said Kenneth feeling Greg's bulge. 

"Let's move to where I can fuck your cute pussy," said Greg kissing Kenneth.

"Greg, eh, I don't allow anyone to penetrate me, I'm saving myself, I want to suck you," said Kenneth starting to unzip Greg.

"I understand perfectly, Ken, however, I really need to get laid. You were absolutely luscious," said Greg as he was getting up to look for a prospect. 

"I would really like to see you again, Greg, and date you," said Kenneth.

"Kenneth, I like you too, however, I'm just out to have a good time," said Greg winking. Even though he and Ryan parted and agreed to date other people, Greg found it difficult to start dating seriously again. He was holding on to the idea that Ryan would get an acting job in New York.

"You have a boyfriend, don't you?" asked Kenneth curiously.

"No, I dated someone steadily for a month before moving back here, he travels a lot and we both agreed to date other people, however I'm just not ready to. We agreed to hook up whenever we were in each other's vicinity," explained Greg.

"That really must be heart-wrenching for both of you," said Kenneth compassionately.

"Yeah, we miss each other, yet life must go on, I treasure the time we spent together, if it's meant to be, it will happen," said Greg.

"I won't keep you, I'll see you around then," said Kenneth as Greg nodded and winked then kissed him good-bye on the cheek.

Greg went to the other part of the bar and ordered another beer then mingled about the plentiful eye candy. As he was mingling Greg noticed a honey of a guy with a blond crew cut, hazel eyes and nicely defined goatee that he desired to top. Greg fondled his crotch as he walked over to him touched his firm bicep and winked,

"Hi cutie, I'm Greg, I want your pussy!" Greg whispered breathily while feeling his pussy through his pants. He noticed Greg's bulge and fingered it gently.

"Hey there sexy, I'm Martin, ooh, I like what I'm feeling," he sighed smiling widely.

"I noticed your sexy ass and became aroused," said Greg.

"I'm flattered, you're so adorable, Greg, you look sexy in your outfit," said Martin as he reached in to feel Greg's beautiful breasts and nipples, then kissed Greg gently on the lips. "Oh God, you smell heavenly, oh, I love lavender!"

Greg embraced Martin pushing his healthy bulge against his and they both moaned with pleasure,

"So, Martin, could I fuck you?" Greg asked playfully knowing exactly what Martin desired. Martin without answering lifted up Greg's tank top and took it off,

"You don't need this," Martin whispered as he explored Greg's breasts and abdomen gently with his fingertips and marveled at them. He started licking and sucking each of Greg's nipples while fondling his bulge. Greg's knees started to buckle and nearly fell, Martin picked him up and carried him into the back lounge,

"Let's get more comfortable," said Martin carrying Greg into the lounge while kissing him tenderly. The lounge was dimly lit with cream-colored leather couches and pillows. There were coffee tables beside the couches with bowls containing condoms and individual packets of lube. The were scattered couples and threesomes heavily engaged sexually and the sounds of pleasure intoxicated them. Fortunately Martin found a free couch in the corner and gently lay Greg down. Martin took off his shirt and climbed on top of him kissing him passionately,

"I want your cute pussy so bad," moaned Greg as Martin kissed him.

"You're so fucking sexy, Greg, you got it!" Martin sighed while rubbing his crotch against Greg's getting very aroused.

"Suck my dick," moaned Greg. Martin moved to remove Greg's shorts and boxers. When he removed his sandals he was delighted with Greg's sensuous looking feet and rubbed his face on them and sucked his big toe causing Greg to moan and fondle his fully erect cock.

"Oh shit, your feet are beautiful!" exclaimed Martin as he sucked and licked each of Greg's big toes then gradually licked and kissed his way upwards towards Greg's manhood and moaned as his hands eagerly fondled it.

"Oh please suck me Martin," panted Greg as he guided Martin's head to start sucking his cock. "Oh, you're so good!" Martin deep-throated him several times while caressing his balls making him moan.

"Oh, I cannot wait until you fill my hole!" sighed Martin as Greg slid his cock in an out of him moaning. This is what he needed, he felt pre cum spurt out and Martin swallowed it and felt more coming, after Martin swallowed it he gently lifted Martin's head up. Martin stood up and took his shoes and pants off and straddled Greg guiding Greg to his 8 inch uncut cock which Greg sucked hungrily, fucking him with his mouth until he swallowed the juice of his arousal.

"Get on your back and lift up your legs so I could sample your sweet rosebud," whispered Greg. Greg marveled at Martin's pale pink small rosebud, panting and moaning at the mere sight of it. With his two thumbs he delicately opened his rosebud and licked it with quick delicate strokes,

"Fuck me, please fuck me, I want your cock," he panted as he stroked his rigid dick.

"Not yet, you're fucking delicious, oh," panted Greg as he parted Martin's rosebud a little more and began fucking him with his tongue. Martin's high-pitched moans appeared to drown out the moans of those already engaged. Greg then kissed Martin and winked as he moistened his fingers then slowly inserted them into Martin's rosebud and started pumping him,

"Oh yeah, that's good, oh fuck yeah, oh, ooh, more, uh, another finger, oh yeah, that's it, oh fuck yeah," panted Martin. Then Greg added a fourth finger which made Martin groan even more loudly, "That feels so good, keep doing that, oh yeah, oh fuck me with your cock, I want your fucking cock in me now!"

Greg withdrew his fingers and straddled Martin to suck his cock for several minutes more then grabbed a condom, unrolled it onto his manhood. Greg, on his knees, pushed Martin's legs up and generously lubed his cock and Martin's rosebud. He then slowly inched his way into Martin's accepting rosebud.

"How does your cute rosebud like my cock?" asked Greg kissing Martin as he grabbed his buttocks and started pumping,

"Oh, I love it, oh yeah, it's splitting me open, oh, ooh, hah, oh," panted Martin.

"Enjoy it, honey, I'll take care of you, I love your tight pretty rosebud, oh, hah," panted Greg as he pumped steadily into Martin's small rosebud. Greg loved looking at the delight in Martin's face causing him to thrust quicker and harder; he also slowed his pace to enjoy it and to kiss Martin in between.

"Oh yeah, fuck me harder, oh fuck yeah, that's it, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck yeah, oh you're so fucking good," panted Martin. His entire face and neck was becoming flush with excitement and was panting even and needed to stroke his cock vigorously,

"Oh God, oh, oh, hah, I'm going to come, oh, hah, oh, ooh yeah," he panted as he stroked himself rapidly and spurted six liberal rounds in every direction. Greg felt himself ready to climax and continued thrusting until he filled the condom's small receptacle. He was still hard so he reached down to kiss Martin passionately and thrust into Martin softly and slowly until he started to become limp and carefully withdrew.

"Greg, you fucked me so beautifully!" exclaimed Martin.

"It wasn't so difficult for me with a killer rosebud you have! Assume the 69," panted Greg as they milked and cleaned each other's cocks sucking each other until they became erect again.

Greg stood up while Martin lay on his back and Greg squatted just above Martin's face so he could rim him deeply, Greg was moaning in anticipation of getting fucked by Martin's manhood. After a few glorious minutes Martin gently lifted Greg up and told him to suck his cock some more. Martin unrolled a condom on his manhood, lubed it generously while Greg eagerly spread his legs, holding his pussy open,

"Fuck my sweet pussy, Martin, I want your cock in me now," panted Greg. Greg inhaled as Martin's cock was slowly advanced into his private tunnel, Martin rotated his pelvis several times making Greg groan loudly then started fucking him. Greg closed his eyes and panted as Martin plunged into him; he grabbed his cock and fondled it as Martin continued to please him and wanted it to last. Martin withdrew then re-entered Greg's pussy a dozen times making Greg more aroused begging him to fuck him. 

"Not yet, I love entering and withdrawing! The feel of my dickhead separating the lips of your pussy turns me on, oh God!" sighed Martin.

Greg's pre cum was spurting from his slit and he spread it on his cock and began stroking it steadily while groaning and panting. Martin's thrusts were becoming faster and harder making Greg stroke his cock more vigorously. Martin withdraws, rips off the condom and sprays four volleys of warm seed on top of Greg's pussy and spread it around with his dickhead, thumping his cock on Greg's pussy to expel the last few droplets. Martin saw that Greg was close to coming and massaged his balls with his mouth,

"Martin, I, I'm coming, oh, hah, ooh." panted Greg. Martin put his mouth over Greg's cock and swallowed his warm milky load. They leaned over to suck each other's cocks clean then kissed passionately on the lips and took their time getting dressed.

"You're really good, Greg!" exclaimed Martin as they sat back down on the couch.

"You were awesome, Martin," said Greg kissing him passionately.

"I could not have been awesome without you," said Martin kissing Greg.

"I'll order a bottle of wine and we can watch the show tonight," suggested Greg.

"I would love to, however I need to leave now; I'm covering someone's shift at the hospital in a few hours, I'm a ER nurse. Let's exchange numbers so that we could hook up occasionally," suggested Martin.

"That would be great," agreed Greg kissing Martin. They exchanged numbers and they left together. When they parted they kissed on the lips and embraced.