 As I lay on the bed, watching as the cock slid in and out of an arsehole inches from my face, I couldn't help thinking about the chain of events that had led me here.

It all started when Mark, my wife's brother, and his partner Tim came to visit. We hadn't seen them in a while, and they'd just got engaged the week before, so we hit the town, probably a little harder than we should have done at our ages. I'm sure we looked ridiculous to the teenagers in the club as we flailed about on the dance floor. By the time we made it home, we were well and truly wasted.

Mark and Tim went off to their room, and as always happens when she's had a skin full, Rachel got frisky, and I was horny as hell from the way she'd been grinding up against me all night. We were both naked in seconds, then Rachel pulled out her favourite bedroom accessory, the bondage rope. She grinned as she tied my arms and legs to the bed posts, and drunkenly slipped the blindfold over my eyes. The next thing I knew there was a thud as Rachel slid to the floor, and the soft sound of her snoring. I whispered her name, trying to wake her up, but it had no effect, so I started speaking louder and louder until I was practically shouting her. 

The next thing I knew was the sound of the bedroom door opening. "Mark," I said. "Is that you? Can you help?" I was very aware of the fact that I was naked and tied to a bed while his sister lay on the floor, just as naked but also unconscious I heard a quick whispered conversation, and then the weight shifted on the bed, as he moved to untie me. Or at least that's what I assumed. Instead two pairs of lips fastened onto my nipples, and started suckling them. I bucked underneath, but the way I was tied it did no good. I shouted for them to stop, and they did, but only to start kissing their way down my body. In no time at all they were kissing and nuzzling at my dick. Now I'd like to point out at this point that I was both drunk AND horny, so I suppose it was no surprise that their actions on that most sensitive areas had the desired effect, and my cock started to swell. As it got harder and harder, my protestations got weaker and weaker, till eventually I was just moaning as they licked up and down the side of my shaft, my hips bucking trying to enter one of their mouths, trying to find the release I desperately wanted.

I wasn't to find that though. One of the mouths moved away, while the other dropped down and started sucking on my balls, taking first one, then the other into my mouth. I could feel the warm tongue swirling round, and it was sending shivers right up my spine. Finally, the tongue took a long, slow lick, starting at my perineum, moving up between my balls, and travelling up the full length of my painfully stiff cock, until it flicked off at the end, I imagine taking a large dollop of precum with it.

I felt some shifting around on the bed, and then I was suddenly blinking in the light as the blindfold was whipped away. Tim was on all fours above me, his cock inches from my face, and mine teasingly close to his. From where I lay I could see that Mark had two fingers buried in Tim's arsehole, and I was watched he withdrew them, placed his cockhead at the entrance, and in one long, slow thrust, slid his cock all the way into Tim's tunnel.

I'd never seen anything like it. I could only watch with rapt attention as Mark's cock slowly pulled out, only to be forced all the way back in, Every time it did, Tim grunted, and his warm breath washed over my quivering cock. Tim's dick was rock hard too, and I watched, fascinated as a drip of precum gathered at the tip and ever so slowly dangled down. It hung lower and lower, and I was sure it would eventually break away, but it didn't. Ever so slowly it touched onto my cheek, joining it to his cock with a long, thin strand. Tim had been looking back up my body, watching, and he reached back and wiped it up with his finger, twirling the string around to join it, before offering it to my lips. I didn't even hesitate. I was so horny that I sucked it greedily. I was surprised at the taste, sweet, and infinitely moreish.

It didn't take me long to decide on the next step. The way I was tied I couldn't really move, but I managed to lift my head and make eye contact with Tim, and I must have given him a satisfactorily pleading look, because he dropped his hips slightly, and that was all I needed. He was now in reach, and I took his rock hard member between my lips. The angle was wrong, I could only get the head in, but that was all that I wanted. My tongue instantly swirled around the tip, devouring all the precum I could find, and urging him to make more. My eyes were tightly shut, revelling in the sensation, but I felt them start to untie my binds, first my feet, and then my arms. 

Instantly I reached up and pulled Tim towards me, in the process pulling Mark out of his hole, but now I could suck him properly, and I took him as deeply as I could. Tim never gave me the chance to enjoy it though. He pulled his cock out of me, and laughed when my head lunged after it. "Do you want to suck him?" Mark asked. I nodded, the pleading look back in my eyes. "Well come kneel on the floor then." I glanced over at Rachel as I slid off the opposite side of the bed to her. She was snoring away, completely oblivious to everything going on. "Put your hands behind your back," Mark ordered. I obeyed. Why wouldn't I? He looped the rope around my wrists and tied them together. Tim sat on the edge of the bed in front of me, and Mark knelt beside me, and wrapped his fingers in my hair, so that Tim's cock was brushing the tip of my searching tongue, but I couldn't get any closer. 

"If you want to suck him," Mark whispered, "you'll have to earn it, do you understand?" I nodded. "Good." Tim lay back and pulled his knees up. "First you have to lick his poor stretched arsehole, then if you've done a good job you can suck his balls, then we might let you suck him, do you understand." My brain didn't even try to fight it, I just nodded again, and I dove forward, planting my face between Tim's cheeks and sliding my tongue up his crack, and across his little rosebud. It was a fucking revelation. If anything I enjoyed this more than the precum, more than the sucking, and as Mark directed from the side I stiffened up my tongue and pushed it into his freshly fucked arse. He repaid me by squeezing down with his muscles as I wiggled my tongue as best I could. Behind me Mark knelt down and slid his cock into my tied hands, and I awkwardly jerked him as my tongue swirled around the puckered hole.

All too soon they were telling me to move up, so I started to lick and suck at his balls. This bored me somewhat, and I started to lose my erection, but I did the best job I could, knowing that I had to impress them here. I must have done, because the instruction came that I should repeat what they'd done to me. I placed my tongue at the base of his arse crack, and placed one long slow lick all the way up until I reached the tip, and my tongue flicked away, taking a trail of precum with it. My head dove back down, taking as cock as far into my inexperienced mouth as I could. I managed to get half the way down before my gag reflex triggered, but I bobbed up and down, swirling my tongue around and pressing it into the underside of the rock hard cock. I'd pull away so just the tip was in my mouth, flicking my tongue across his slit and tasting that sweet nectar, a trick I knew I loved when Rachel performed it on me.

Soon Mark pulled my head away, and threw me onto the bed, my hands till tied awkwardly beneath me. He dragged me until my head dangled off the end, and slid his cock between my lips, very slowly fucking it in and out as I sucked. At the other side of the bed Tim lifted my legs and started to lick at my arsehole, all while my prick danced away, hard as steel and leaving a massive wet patch on my stomach Soon Mark was clearly getting close to cumming, and I sucked harder, but he had other plans. He knelt next to me and whispered in my ear. I was so horny I'm sure I'd have agreed to anything, but even still, at that moment his idea sounded like the greatest thing in the world.

It wasn't long before I was untied, holding Tim's legs in the air with my balls in his mouth as Mark fucked away at his arsehole. After my frenzied sucking, it didn't take long before he grunted out his orgasm, filling Tim's abused hole with his cum, and I moved to complete part one of the deal I'd agreed to. I fell onto my back, and Tim straddled my face, facing my feet, and lowered his arsehole to my mouth. I licked eagerly, hungry to have my first taste of cum, even from that taboo place, and as my tireless tongue licked , it was finally bathed in the salty mix, and I sucked it down eagerly.

All the while Mark was preparing part two of my agreed deal, and the part my horny brain was most excited for. I felt his fingers spread cold lube around my virgin hole, and tentatively a finger probed me. If I hadn't been preoccupied with Tim, I think panic would have set in, but as it was I just kept on licking, while Mark added a second, then a third finger, and slowly fucked them in and out of me. Eventually he said I was ready. I was a bit nervous, and worried that even my intense levels of horniness would render me cowardly, so I asked them to tie me up. They had me get on my knees, and pulled my arms back between my legs, tying each wrist to an ankle, so that my head and shoulders were pressed into the canvas, and my arse was up high.

There was nothing to distract me this time, and when Tim placed the tip of his cock at the entrance to my hole I started to protest, and said I'd changed my mind. He just grabbed my hips and pushed forwards. Mark had loosened me up well though, and he slipped in with only minor discomfort, and stopped every inch or so for me to get used to it. By the time he was half way in my protestations had stopped, and when I felt his balls rest up against mine, and I knew he was buried deep, I just sighed. Initially I wouldn't say it was a pleasurable experience, but feeling full like that was new, and it wasn't as terrible as I'd always imagined.

When he started to move in and out though, it was a whole new world. It felt like I could feel every bump, every ridge, every vein. He'd pull out until just the tip was in, then drive forward, bottoming out and forcing an "oomph" from between my lips. Soon I was bucking back, willing him to go deeper, be faster, fuck harder. And he did. His cock sawed in and out of me like a machine, and soon my grunts had turned into "fuck me's".

I felt Mark lifting me up by the shoulders, and he slid underneath, putting his cock at my lips. I opened them and he slid in. With my arms tied up I couldn't support my weight, so he'd lift my head and let gravity drop it back down the length of his shaft as he thrust up with a hips. Soon they had a rhythm, Mark fucking in as Tim pulled out, and finally Mark managed to work his way past my gag reflex, and I felt the full length of his cock sliding past my lips. Their pace quickened, and with a grunt Tim cried out, he buried himself as deep as he could go, and I felt his cock spasm as he filled me with his seed. I moaned around Mark's cock and that was enough to set him off, as he left just the tip in, and filled my mouth with his second load of spunk. I swallowed it down hungrily as they both withdrew. They untied me, and I collapsed staring up at the ceiling, my cock rock hard and still leaking precum. They each kissed one of my temples and left to their own room. Part of me was a bit disappointed that they'd left me without an orgasm, but I was too out of it to really argue.

Eventually I started to stir, and looked across to where Rachel still lay on the floor. She'd slept through the whole thing, but as I picked her up to place her on the bed she started to waken, and placed a drunken, lazy kiss on my cheek. I smiled. Maybe I wouldn't go without an orgasm after all.