 Terran watched the Reskers leave, smiling and waving pleasantly as he bid them farewell. Lenny stood by his side, seeming much more anxious than he to be left alone in his parents' condo for the week. The two of them had been hired as housekeepers while the couple celebrated their anniversary in France. They had been unwilling at first to allow Lenny to keep his eccentric friend in the house, but they caved in after a time.

This left the two in the large apartment alone. There were two rooms, one for the parents and another for the guests. It had been arranged that Terran would be sleeping in the guest room while Lenny slept in his parents' room. The two college students had assured them that they would sooner sleep on the floor or couch in front of the four-foot TV than on the clean sheets. Each bedroom, the living room and even the kitchen and dining room had ritzy light fixtures that allowed them to dim the lights upon a whim. The refrigerator was abundantly stocked and, there was amazingly fast wi fi, cable with over a thousand channels -- all of which had nothing to watch! Walking in through the door had Terran in a silent shock. His single messenger bag was dropped to the floor and were it possible, his jaw would have dropped that far as well.

"This isn't an apartment," was his first comment on the place, "this is like a miniature palace."

Always humble, Lenny looked around the home from the door, somewhat embarrassed by the comment. He had forgotten how much his family enjoyed lavishing in their wealth. It was all a bit... over the top. "It's a bit much, I admit," he mumbled, picking up the dropped bag and heaving it on down the hall to the guest room.

"No, it's great!"

Lenny only blushed, hiding behind bleached hair and avoiding his boyfriend's gaze. The guy must think him a spoiled brat the way just a simple home as this was decorated with so much delicate finery.

A short trip down the hall and they found the large extra bed room, outfitted with clean towels, fresh bedding and a variety of scented candles. Terran picked up a pink one, sniffed it, then picked up another and did the same. Both candles were balanced precariously in one hand as he picked up a third.

"They said we could eat whatever was in the fridge. My father had a liquor cabinet in his den that we are welcome to as well," Lenny explained, examining the room himself and hoping it was appropriate. "I know you like to drink but please don't go overb-- what are you doing?" He had spun slowly until his eyes landed on Terran juggling four candles at once with surprising skill. His questions distracted him, causing for an avalanche of scented wax atop the guy's head.

Lenny could only roll his eyes and scoff. He had begun to wish he had not invited his boyfriend to stay. Not only was he self conscious of what he would think of him after that, but he would also have the constant paranoia that the reckless behavior would end in broken paraphernalia around the condo. His parents would never trust him again!

He had moved to leave the room just as Terran stopped him by grabbing his upper arm. Lenny frowned up at him, too stressed then to deal with his teasing. "We're alone now," Terran stated the obvious, "We should enjoy it.~" Oh, so that was where he was going with that. Of course.

Oh how Lenny wished he could just throw all caution to the wind and enjoy his week off with his lover. But there was too much at stake! He opened his mouth to explain this, but no sound came out. He was just not sure how to tell Terran to stop being Terran!

Words never got their chance before his mouth was claimed. Terran kissed him suddenly, passionately, pulling his mind back from the anxiety if only for one blissful moment. Hands found their way around his waist and before he knew it, he was practically being carried to the bed.

"Relax," Terran commanded firmly, displaying control in his voice that he rarely showed in any other situation.

Lenny could only nod, wishing more than anything for the ability to obey that surprisingly difficult command. He could relax. He needed to. It wouldn't be so bad. He had to reassure himself of this.

All thoughts of calming himself ended when he felt his lover between his legs. For a moment he hesitated, watching red-faced as his pants and underwear were so shamelessly pulled away. The cool air on his skin caused a reaction from his penis, only causing his blush to deepen.

Terran only smirked, his eyes darting from the revealed member to the adorable flushed face staring speechlessly down at him. In the hope of stimulating him further, Terran wrapped a firm hand around the shaft, pumping it slowly, gently at first. Even if Lenny was too embarrassed to allow himself to make a sound, the dick in his hand told him all he needed to know -- Lenny was enjoying the handjob. As it grew and pulsated under his fingers, Terran picked up his pace, stroking him vigorously and eagerly. A short moment later, Lenny was almost completely erect. Terran opened his hand, giving his tongue room to lick up the shaft. He moved back down, wetting every inch of it.

When he moved his lips to the tensing testicles, Lenny could finally hold back his voice no longer and he released a quiet, but high-pitched squeak -- a futile attempt to keep back a moan. Embarrassed, his hands covered his face, hiding from the man between his legs. But of course such behavior would only work to encourage him.

Terran suckled on one ball for a moment, granting himself more pleasured sounds from his lover, muffled behind trembling hands. His mouth traveled upwards once again, nipping and teasing the erection with lips and tongue until they were all around the bright, pink tip. He explored every contour and fold, sticking his tongue in the slit at the top, down the middle and around the edges.

Lenny had abandoned all pretense of holding back by then and he moaned softly, his fingers moving down to the mattress and digging into the soft comforter. Terran sucked the member in deeper into his mouth, continuing his journey until the tip was down his throat. That, finally, got him a cry of pleasure and a gasp from his love. He did not stop until Lenny was balls deep and Terran's nose was against his base. He sucked and tensed and licked and bobbed his head, mercilessly eating Lenny in the hopes of hearing him continue to sing. He was not disappointed.~

Finally, Lenny was on the brink of release. He tried weakly to push Terran away, unable to make intelligible words to be able to warn him. Before he could truly extricate himself, his climax came and he released inside his mouth. His back arched, his head rolled back and he gasped at how amazing the pleasure could be.

Terran did not miss a beat and swallowed the thick seed, stroking and sucking further as if to squeeze out every last bit of it. Lenny had such a sweet taste. He could not help but be eager for more. The flaccid, wet dick was left clean as Terran removed his mouth. His pants felt tight and he was more than willing to continue this play on the bed along with Lenny. "We could go for hours now that we're alone,~" he cooed as he climbed atop the bed to straddle Lenny.

Unfortunate for him, the other had no such plans. Lenny almost immediately pushed him away and slid off the bed, retrieved his pants and stumbled, jelly-legged from the room without an explanation.

Terran stared at the door, unable to voice his overwhelming disappointment. He was frozen, mouth hanging open. His own dick was swollen under his jean zipper and was growing ever more uncomfortable not only being restrained, but also without stimulation. Was Lenny really just going to leave him like that?

Sighing and trying to ignore the silent screams coming from his testicles, he left the room, following Lenny's course. For all he knew, he could have done something horribly wrong. Would it scar someone as uptight as that to act lewdly in his parent's home?

Inevitably, Terran found Lenny in the kitchen, crouched and hiding behind the refrigerator door. "Look, I'm sorry if I-" his words were cut short by a stream of whipped cream to his face. Shocked, the brunette looked down at his boyfriend, unsure how to react when he was acting so spontaneous.

Lenny only laughed, can in hand before he ducked back under the door for cover. "If you want to eat me, you may as well spice it up, right?" he smirked, peeking over once again to shoot more cool whip at his victim.

Terran finally caught on and laughed, charging through the attack and for the door. "That has got to be your worst attempt at innuendo yet, babe." He tackled Lenny, pushing him against the counter in an attempt to pin him down. He received a face full of cream -- for the second time that day -- before he was able to wrestle the weapon away from his lover. Lenny ducked away when it was aimed at him in turn, unable to stop laughing at how stupid the game was. Terran, hair, face and shirt all sticky from Lenny's impulsive prank, allowed him to escape. Green eyes landed on the open fridge door, ideas of payback whizzing through his mind.

When Lenny realized he had not been pursued, he immediately grew suspicious. He knew his boyfriend well enough to realize the reason behind the delayed pursuit. Unwilling to walk straight into a trap, Lenny approached the situation with careful consideration. First, he snuck slowly back to the guest room where he snatched a towel from the neat pile. He held it, unfolded before him as a shield before he finally returned through the kitchen door. Now it was his turn, then, to stand in the doorway speechless.

Terran had made use of his boyfriend's hesitance and had made a massive mess of sweets on the table, his naked body in the middle of it all. His clothes lay discarded on the tile under the table in a bundle, kicked there quickly along with various ingredients and packaging materials quickly while he had arranged the display. On his chest and belly, stuck in pink frosting were strawberries. His nipples and belly button were covered with neat little dabs of whipped cream. Around him on the table were grapes, an open can of frosting, peanut butter, cherries and --appropriately enough -- bananas. In his mouth, he held an apple, imitating a roasted pig, and between his legs, like a great big center piece, was a chocolate bundt cake -- only one slice had been cut out. Through the hole at the center of the bunt cake was stuck Terran's fully erect penis, covered in chocolate.

Lenny was not sure whether to laugh or be disgusted by the blatant waste of food. On one hand, it was hilarious how his boyfriend had conjured such a thing so quickly, on the other... He had wanted to eat that cake!

Unable to make words with an apple in his mouth, Terran beckoned him over with a finger. Hypnotized, Lenny obliged. Once he was close enough, Terran bit into his fruity gag and pulled it away to set on the table alongside the other fruits. He reached for his stunned lover, pulled him over and bent low to kiss him on the lips. "I made dessert,~" was his only explanation.

Well, he supposed he had started it with the whipped cream... "You are going to clean this up after, right?" Terran nodded, giving him little reassurance. Still, he decided to play along. He reached up and licked the dab of cream sloppily off the hard nipple. Blue eyes looked up curiously to see the guy's reaction. Terran bit his lip, nodding for him to go on. Always a perfectionist, he licked the first nipple clean before moving on to a strawberry below his chest, taking that in his mouth before once again cleaning away the sweets with his tongue. He worked over his torso meticulously, slowly. Too slowly. Terran was growing harder by the second -- were that even possible at that point -- and his dick was in need of attention.

"How about some cake?" he asked, his breathlessness giving away his neediness. Lenny gazed down at the pulsating tip, peeking out through the bunt cake. The pastry had almost begun to crumble around it for the pressure of its girth. "Better eat it before I frost it again," he threatened with a smirk.

Suddenly moving quick, Lenny pulled the cake off the stalk and set it aside, receiving a disappointed click of the tongue from his lover. The cake was still edible, he wasn't going to risk further damage to it! Instead, he shoved Terran onto his back and clambered on to the table with him. He removed his shirt and bent over the chocolatey erection. He licked the frosting off, feeling the warm, pulsing limb twitch eagerly. It granted groans of need from his lover. As he continued his work, Lenny, removed his pants, underwear and shoes once more. By the time he was as naked as the man on the table, his own dick had grown nearly as much as the one in his mouth.

Lenny knelt upwards, straddling his lover. Then, positioning himself, he lowered himself slowly onto him. He gasped and trembled and forced himself to sit on the hard, slick cock. Terran in turn released sighs and moans, his hips pushing upward to help with the penetration. Lenny moved his hips, slowly, hesitantly, wincing as the intrusion threatened to split him wide. He could not even focus enough to do the deed correctly. Terran seemed to notice this. Their positions were switched suddenly, Lenny rolled over into a pile of grapes. Taking control, Terran thrust hard into him, knowing just where to hit at what angle that would drive his lover mad. They had done this dance several times before -- just not with food surrounding them.

Sticky hands grasped tightly to his lover's hips, pinning him to the kitchen table. Gradually, he picked up his own pace, feeling the need to just cum already. He had been teasing himself since he had begun his fellatio on Lenny, at that moment, it was almost torture forcing himself to hold back. But he could not quite yet. His lover still needed to be built up to that breaking point.

Terran kissed his neck and on his shoulder and collarbone, leaving little red bite marks on dark skin and dark hickeys. Lenny was all his and anyone to look close enough to the little marks on his skin would know it.

Lenny, too lost in the blissful moment, wracked by both dull pain and sharp pleasure, could not protest. Instead, it only worked to rile him up more. Terran could feel the warm and pulsing cock slap against his stomach every time he thrust his hips forward. It was as eager as his own to receive some attention. Never one to ignore his lover's needs, Terran removed one shaking hand from one bucking hip and placed it around the warm dick. He clasped tight and stroked him off, his fingers working as skillfully as his tongue had previously.

Tense and shaking, Terran did not think he could hold his release off much longer. The tight walls and tense muscles of Lenny's ass sucked him in and pushed him out, pulled him in again and engulfed around every bit of the overstimulated dick. His eyes rolled to the back of his head, his back arched and he could not keep his mouth on Lenny while the orgasm broke through and coursed through him. He cried out, his fingers squeezing around Lenny's shaft. Then, feeling Terran's release and the amazing pressure it created within him, Lenny could not even begin to hold back. He broke soon after, thick globs of cum spurting over Terran's hand and stomach. His own cry was a pleasured squeak, cut short quickly by Terran's lips.

Still weakly moving his hips, Terran kissed his lover long and hard, forgetting where they were and on what surface they were fucking on. He kissed him deeply, tasting every bit of that sweet mouth, wrestling with and equally eager tongue. Lenny's arms wrapped tightly around his neck, willing the kiss to never end.

And they would have the whole week to themselves to spend in such bliss, Lenny thought. Terran was right, they should enjoy it...

"Ahem..." both lovers' necks snapped in the direction of the doorway upon hearing the high-pitched and somewhat offended sounding cough. Both lovers froze at the sight of Mrs. Resker watching them from across the dining room, looking livid. Beside her was Mr. Resker, seeming too shocked for words, his face so pale under his dark mustache that Terran could have compared him to the sticky whipped cream that decorated the messy kitchen. They had returned to retrieve an item they had forgotten and had found this on their kitchen table, covered in their food.

Anxious, Lenny tried to find the right words. His heart beat faster than it had during his orgasm and all pleasure was suddenly forgotten. His mouth flapped and he could not even register the fact that his lover was still embedded deep within his ass, his own arms around his neck as he had been encouraging him.

It was Terran finally who broke the awkward silence with seeming nonchalance and his usual broad smile: "Don't worry, we'll clean this up!"