 Coach Smith was balls deep inside his 19 year old red headed fuck puppet when everyone in the shower started groaning. Water splashed against the milky white skin over Cory's muscular back. The coach shoved his fat red cock in and out of Cory's tight ass. The skin of his shaft pulled tight back and forth as he thrust in and out the young man's butt. Cory's head was being brutally face fucked by a massive Italian football player named Marco and he was starting to cum. 

He grabbed Cory's head and pulled it all the way to his pubes while he cried out. "Fuuuuuuuuuuuck!" Cum started spilling out the sides of Cory's pretty mouth. The toned hairless red head was trying to swallow it all but he couldn't, it dripped out both sides of his red puckered lips like waterfalls. 

When Marco finished he got a weird look on his face and backed up. His dick, which had previously been bright red (almost glowing) was turning back to tan as it wilted. "What the fuck did I just do? Oh god, fucking sick. You're all faggots!" And he backed up and looked down at Cory. 

Just then Cory came, spraying the big dude's feet with cum from 5 feet away. Marco got mad and walked forward to smack Cory but as he did Cory sprayed harder all over him. He shot ropes of cum up to the football players face getting some in his mouth and in his eyes temporarily blinding him. The big man of muscles tripped backwards while Cory covered his entire face in cum. He slipped trying to stand up, "Oh god it's in my mouth, I can taste it!" And he ran out with his cock slapping his thighs.

Cory seemed to come to his senses as well but he still had a thick cock up his ass. Suddenly Cory noticed that he was getting boned by his coach and his mouth was full of cum. He needed to tell coach Smith to stop fucking his poor asshole but to do so he had to swallow the cum. It was thick and salty and there was so much. Of it, he to swallow several times to be able to speak and it was still all over his mouth.

"Coach Smith, your fucking me in the ass (gulp), ugh, and I think someone just came in my mouth. What's happening!?"

"I'm fucking you in the ass and someone just came in your mouth, now shut the fuck up I need to concentrate." Coach had always been very nice to his players be he was so irritated being interrupted by this little twink while he tried to fuck him.

"Coach (gulp) you've got to stop, I'm not gay. Oh fuck I'm getting a boner, you're hitting my prostate and I'm getting hard!"

Cory sounded terrified, as his dick rose up it was not bright red like it had been. It was normal flesh color, a straight boner. The tea had worn off and Cory was straight again but the fucking had stimulated him against his will.

"Oh god no!"

"Shut up Cory, you little faggot."

"Don't cum inside me coach, you're treating me like a fag! I'm not gay and you're making me cum!"

"I said shut uhhhhhh!"

And with that the coach started to cum like a fire hose. Cory could feel the warmth deep up his asshole. 

He screamed, "Nooooooo! I don't want to be your bitch, fuck!" He kept pumping like an oil pump while he came up the boy's asshole. The pumping motion sloshed cum out of his ass and it dripped down his balls. Then Cory came against his will, waking a weird grunting noise like he was trying to hold his orgasm in.

The coach looked down, confused. He could barely remember the hours that had gone by but he could tell what he did. And he could remember how good it felt, but now that he was thinking straight, so to speak, the shame was overwhelming. His shriveling cock was still inside poor Cory, who he'd fuck so brutally. Cory was broken at that point, not attempting to get away, so he pushed the sad little kicker off him, his dick came out of his asshole with a pop sound and a burst of semen. 

Silently and nakedly coach walked away, leaving Cory on the floor, two big men where picking him up and bending him over for a spit roast and he didn't even object, despite the tea having worn off. 

One by the as the players came the effects wore off. Tommy the QB was boning down on the big muscled black ass of his teammate Theo. He screamed and came. After he finished cumming and his dick shrank out of Theo's and he said, "Gross!" and ran out of there. Theo joined another group of guys in a fuck chain until he came and the same thing happened. 

Two days later it was the big game, and the whole team acted as if it never happened, but the Coach knew they remembered. When Coach Smith had gone to bed that night the whole shower room orgy seemed like a weird dream, but when he fell asleep it all came back in his dreams. He woke up nailing his wife in the ass, she was screaming for more. They hadn't had sex in months.

The Coach saw his players exchange awkward glances; their hearts would not be in the game. They were too distracted by their homoerotic experience. 

Then game started and it didn't matter that his team was barely trying, they were all so strong and so fast they didn't have to try. They tossed the opposing team around like rag dolls. Not one of Coach Smith's boys could be tackled, it was like trying to tackle a bronze statue. The boys off the away team bounced right off Smith's team. When they saw how well they we're doing the enthusiasm built up and for a second the Coach was one of his boys might kill someone. They put 3 kids in the hospital but no one died. They won the game flawlessly. 

Suddenly all the shame was gone, they hadn't felt like men when they walked on the field but when they walked off they felt like Supermen. Guys who couldn't look each other in the eye where hugging and slapping and picking each other up.

Cory was the only person staying away from the group, he had been fucked way too long after the effects of the tea had worn off. As they all went into the locker room, cheering the team chant, Marco broke off and went over to the coach, who was still standing on the sidelines soaking up the victory. "Hey Coach, that was incredible. I've never won like that in my life and I would do anything to win like that again! Do you have any more of that tea? The guys were thinking we could all take a drink to celebrate."

Coach only hesitated for a second, but it felt like an hour. What would happen if I went down this road, he wondered. It scared him. Then the thrilling ecstasy of victory came back to him, and the strange dangerous ecstasy of the orgy, and the look on his wife's face as he fucked her ass raw, she had never enjoyed his cock like that before. The second passed and Coach Smith looked Marco right in the eye. "I've got 1 cooler left in my car; its warm but who cares? I'll bring it right to the showers, and I'll brew a hundred more tonight."