 PRELUDE

Roy was buried balls deep in Cody's tight asshole. Cody was flattened on the exercise mat face down as Roy drove his nearly eight inch cock deep into the bowels of his client. Cody's ass moved under Roy but Roy's strength and drive kept Cody pinned under him. Roy's powerful buttocks clenched and unclenched as he pummeled Cody's ass. Roy's thick cock drove into Cody and then retreated until only the head remained in Cody's rectum. Cody felt the powerful dick move in and out of his anal passage like a piston causing him to cry out.

"Oh Roy your cock feels so good in my ass, so deep. Oh fuck yeah, fill me with your big dick. Cum in me, I want you shooting in my ass," Cody exclaimed!

Roy continued to fuck the shapely firm ass of his newest client driving his cock into the warm recess. Roy sensed his orgasm building in his balls and he knew that within minutes he would cum in Cody's hot ass. Roy felt the pressure in his scrotum just before he unleashed a torrent of semen into the shapely firm ass underneath him. Roy felt Cody's sphincter muscle tighten around the shaft and squeeze every ounce of juice out of it.

"Oh, I feel it. I love it when you cum in my ass. I love your hot cum flooding my ass," Cody cried out.

Roy stayed hard and he slowly fucked Cody's ass as the semen coated his shaft. Cody sensed that Roy was up for another round and whispered, "Roy you're crushing me, if you are going to keep fucking my ass let's roll on our sides."

Roy rolled to his side keeping his cock in Cody's ass as he pulled Cody to the side. Roy's hands wrapped around and caressed Cody's smooth skinned body. Roy ran his hands over Cody's chest and tight abs as they moved toward Cody's pubes. The back of Roy's hand brushed against Cody's erect cock causing Cody to gasp.

"Please hold me and jerk me. I need to cum," Cody pleaded.

Roy took hold of the 6" cock of his newest client and stroked it as he fucked Cody's ass again. Roy was not interested in another man's cock but he didn't mind jerking off Cody and he loved to see Cody shoot. Cody had an amazing capacity for ejaculations. Cody would have volcanic like orgasms when he came and his semen would several feet at times, particularly with his first orgasm of the day.

Roy kept fucking Cody until they both ejaculated. Cody came twice before Roy came in Cody's ass a second time. The first time Cody ejaculated his cum shot passed his face and landed on the exercise mat several feet away. The second time he came his seed hit him in the face and neck. Then Roy lost it and dumped another powerful load in Cody's ass. The two of them rested on their sides as Roy's cock slowly deflated and slipped from Cody's asshole. By the time they were ready to get up the semen had dried on Cody's body.

CODY HIRES ROY

Roy was a good looking 22 year old young man who was blessed with an above average cock that was nearly 8" long and over 5" around. A girl had actually measured it one time when he was erect. He was in great shape as he worked out all the time and there wasn't an ounce of fat on his 6'2" 180 pound body. He had short brown hair and hazel eyes. Roy worked at the local fitness center as a personal trainer and he also made house calls for some clients. 

Roy's clients were both men and women and he was fucking some of the women. Cody had contacted Roy based on a reference from another client. Cody's legs were in good shape as he was in a figure skating club but he wanted to strengthen his upper body. Another skater had told him about Roy. Cody learned from Randy that Roy was an excellent personal trainer and that if Cody played his cards right he would feel Roy's big cock in his ass.

At one workout session Roy watched Cody more that day. In the past he didn't pay much attention to the Cody's body. But one day Roy watched him closely when he moved around the exercise equipment. Cody's golden tan body glistened with perspiration and Roy admired the boy's shapely legs and curvy ass. Roy thought to himself that many a girl would love to have an ass like Cody's. Roy suspected that Cody was gay as his buddy Randy certainly was. 

Roy found himself starring at Cody's bubble butt and wondering if Cody took it in the ass. Roy loved anal sex and he didn't care if it was a girl's ass or the shapely bubble butt of gay guy. Roy didn't think it was any different than fucking a girls' ass particularly if the gay a hairless body with flawless skin like Cody. Roy found himself getting an erection just thinking about Cody's ass. At 5'7" and 150 pounds the 21 year old Cody was in decent shape from his years of figure skating. He had blonde hair and looked like a surfer.

Cody had a nice home gym set up with a Hoist gym, treadmill, recumbent exercise bike, a flat bench and barbells all on a spacious exercise mat. Cody's parents had money and it showed. They had finished part of the workout and Cody was face down on the mat ready to do pushups. He was face down with his bubble butt sticking up in the air. Cody had one of those asses that just begged to be grabbed and fondled. Roy looked at his client and his cock hardened again as he thought of butt fucking the young man.

Roy moved over to the mat and he was aware of his raging hard-on in his shorts. Roy stared at the twin hillocks of Cody's ass as his hand moved to Cody's back as a reminder to keep it straight. Unbeknown to Roy, Cody was struggling to keep his own emotions under control as his cock had hardened too when Roy touched him. Cody looked over at Roy and saw the outline of his erect cock in his gym shorts. Cody could hardly contain himself when he realized that Roy had a hard-on.

"Damn Roy, your cock is huge," Cody remarked but he knew that from what Randy had told him.

"Oh sorry I was thinking about one of my female clients," Roy replied unconvincingly.

Cody chuckled and then decided to test the water, "Can I see it? I have never seen a cock that big."

Roy paused briefly but then thought what the hell. Cody's parents were not at home, "Sure after all there is no one around, just us guys," he said.

Roy pulled his shorts and briefs down and freed his cock. The impressive organ leaped out and stood straight out from him. Cody stared at it for a moment and then reached for it. Roy let Cody touch him. Roy liked the feeling of a hand different from his own on his cock and he closed his eyes as Cody stroked it. Cody slowly stroked the big dick with one hand and cupped Roy's bloated balls with the other hand. Roy sighed as Cody's hands moved over the genitals.

Roy closed his eyes as Cody's lips kissed the engorged cock. Roy's body tensed as Cody's lips moved up and down the shaft and then Roy gasped as Cody's mouth engulfed Roy's cock. Roy thought to himself, "Oh good, he is going to blow me."

Cody was a very good cocksucker and in no time he had Roy ready to blow his load. Roy tried to prolong his orgasm as long as he could. Cody kneeled up on the mat and drew Roy in toward him. Cody caressed the back of Roy's legs and cheeks of his ass as Cody's warm, wet, wonderful mouth sucked on Roy's cock. Cody massaged the head of Roy's cock against the roof of his mouth. He circled Roy's cock with his tongue and Roy felt the light scraping of Cody's teeth. He knew he was going to shoot quickly.

Cody took Roy's cock out of his mouth and looked up at him as he stroked the entire length of it and massaged Roy's bloated balls. Cody then put it back in his mouth and took it out again then he gently blew on it as his fingers continually massaged Roy's balls. Cody tickled the cock head with his tongue and teased Roy's pee slit. Cody had Roy close to cumming a few times. Cody seemed to know when Roy was getting close, and he would do things making him last longer, torturing Roy in the process.

Cody took Roy's cock all the way into his warm wet mouth. He swirled his tongue around the length of the shaft, nibbled on the cock head and sucked Roy hard. Cody reached under Roy's balls and rubbed the hardness between his balls and anus. Roy felt his cock thicken and he knew he was going to cum. There was no stopping Roy this time. Cody grabbed Roy's ass cheeks with both hands as Roy exploded in his mouth. Roy fired round after round of cum into his mouth and Cody sucked and swallowed as fast as he could. Rope after rope of semen shot into Cody's mouth as Roy seemed to have an endless supply. Finally the barrage subsided and Roy stopped cumming in Cody's mouth. Cody sucked on the thick firm cock until he had drained every drop from Roy's dick.

Roy felt weak from the intense orgasm so he sat down on the mat next to Cody. Roy watched as Cody stood up and lowered his shorts to his knees. Cody's 6" boner jumped out and Cody quickly grabbed it in his hand. Cody stroked his own cock as he spoke.

"I need to get off I am so hot!" Cody said in an excited tone.

Roy watched his client jerk off. Cody's hand flew rapidly over his hard cock in search of his own release. He then turned slightly just before he came and Roy watched as Cody ejaculated. Cody shot his load and the first couple of blasts traveled several feet before landing on the exercise mat. Cody seemed to cum for at least 30 seconds as stream after stream shot out of his dick. Roy watched as Cody's buttocks tightened and then relaxed as he fired his load. Roy admired the boy's bare ass as it was lily white compared to the well tanned body. Cody had a beautiful ass and Roy felt his loins stir and his cock harden as he once again thought what it would be like to fuck Cody's ass. 

Cody looked over at Roy and saw that Roy had another boner. "Roy would you like to fuck me? Would you like to stick your big thick cock in my ass?" Cody asked as he wiggled his shapely ass in Roy's direction. 

Cody took off his clothes and his 6" still erect dick wavered in the air. He retrieved some lotion and then knelt on the mat and raised his ass in the air. Roy looked at him in this position and decided that he looked just like a girl with his smooth hairless body and his great looking bubble butt. Cody reached back and lubed his asshole with lotion. Roy saw this and applied a generous amount of lotion to his own cock. Roy stood behind Cody and stared at the incredible ass that he was about to fuck. He hadn't fucked an ass for a few weeks and now he was about to fuck a beauty. Roy then spit on his dick making very slippery and eased into Cody's asshole. 

Roy was gentle with him allowing Cody to adjust to the size of his cock. Soon he was buried to the hilt in Cody's ass and he fucked the young man royally. Roy held on to the pretty twin cheeks of Cody's ass as he fucked him thoroughly. Cody had been butt fucked before but never with a cock this size. He couldn't believe how full he felt with Roy's enormous dick in his ass. Cody felt Roy tense and then fill his ass with cum. Roy continued to fuck Cody's ass and the semen backed out of his ass and ran down over Cody's balls. Cody fired a blast of cum onto the mat without ever even touching his own cock. Roy eased his soft cock out of Cody's ass and Cody turned around took it in his mouth and sucked him dry and clean. Cody had douched his ass that day in hopes that he would be successful seducing Roy.

"Damn that was great! Let's sit in the Jacuzzi," Cody suggested.

There was a Jacuzzi in a three season room next to the exercise room. Cody and Roy then entered the hot tub naked as it was completely private. Not a word was spoken between them as they reflected on what just happened between them. Roy had just had one of the best blow jobs and butt fuck in his life and it was with a 21 year old gay. Cody just leaned back in the hot tub and savored the moment. He had realized his fantasy of Roy's big cock. He had heard about it from Randy and now he had experienced it too.

Roy was the first to get out of the hot tub and announced, "I need to get going soon. I am going to grab a shower."

Roy walked naked into the downstairs shower. Roy relaxed under the hot water as he thought of Cody and how good it was to fuck his ass. Roy loved watching his cock slide in and out of the shapely ass. Roy thought once again that it was no different being with a guy then with a girl when it came to getting a blow job or butt fucking. Roy felt his loins stir again just thinking of Cody's ass. After the soothing shower, Roy dried himself off and walked back into the exercise room. To his surprise Cody was on the mat on all fours with his curvy bubble butt stuck up in the air. Roy felt his cock twinge as he looked at Cody's hot ass. Cody's body was delicate, hairless and flawless. He really did look like a girl in this position.

"Roy, I would like you to fuck me again," he said in a sultry voice. "You can fuck me again can't you?" he asked.

Roy's cock hardened as he approached Cody. He knelt behind Cody and began to caress Cody's beautiful ass. Cody handed Roy the lotion and asked Roy to get his ass ready. Roy put an ample amount of lotion in his hands and rubbed it all around Cody's bung hole. Then Roy inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing Cody's ass for another ass fuck. Roy sawed his fingers in and out of Cody's anus and Roy was turned on by the thought of burying his cock in Cody's shapely ass one more time. Roy moved closer to Cody and lined up the head of his cock with Cody's anal opening. Roy eased his big dick into Cody's ass.

Cody reminded Roy, "Oh yeah but not too deep at first, then deeper."

Roy spat on his hand and rubbed his saliva all over his cock which made it very slick when combined with the lotion. Roy's cock head cleared the sphincter and he fed it to Cody a little at a time. Cody's ass chute was warm and tight as Roy went deeper and deeper into him. Soon he was all the way in Cody's ass and he started a slow fucking motion. Roy continued to pump Cody's ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts. Roy caressed Cody's smooth round ass as he fucked it. 

Cody asked Roy to fuck him harder and quicker. So Roy picked up the pace and he pounded Cody's ass faster and faster. Roy's balls started bouncing off of Cody's balls and Cody moaned with each thrust of Roy's cock. Roy could feel his climax building and he knew that any moment he would shoot his seed in Cody's ass. Roy tried to make it last as long as possible but once Cody contracted his sphincter muscle Roy lost it.

Roy fired a barrage of cum in Cody's ass filling it to overflowing. Roy couldn't remember when he came so much. As Roy continued to fuck, his seed backed up in Cody's rectum and oozed out flowing over Cody's balls. Cody used his talented ass to milk Roy's cock and drain it dry. Cody's milking action weakened Roy and sent tingles through his body. Roy pulled out of Cody and collapsed on the mat next to him.

Cody rolled over on his back and jerked off once again. Roy watched as Cody stroked his cock. Cody fired another round of semen into the air. The first blast landed on Cody's face, neck and chest. The remainder of his load landed on his abs and pooled around his pubes. Cody used a towel to wipe up the semen on the exercise mat. Roy decided that he needed another shower and Cody showered with him. Even though Roy had nothing left it was still fun to wash Cody's shapely ass and play with it. The two of them dried off, dressed and then Roy left for his next appointment. Cody thanked him for a marvelous afternoon and said that he hoped they could do it again at the next workout. 

THE NEXT DAY

Roy woke up the next morning he had a raging hard-on. At that moment he wished someone was in bed with him. He thought of the one girl Barbara and how they used to fuck in the mornings. Then he thought of Cody and how much he enjoyed fucking him in the ass. At that point he didn't care who it was, he just wished someone was in his bed to fuck that morning. 

At Cody's house in was a very similar situation. Cody woke up thinking about Roy and Roy's big cock. As he recalled how Roy's cock filled his ass, Cody jerked off until he came. Cody's spunk flew everywhere with his first ejaculation of the day. The first shot of his spunk flew over his head and hit the headboard behind him. The subsequent bursts land all over his body and drenched Cody in his own cum. Cody lay cum covered in his bed as he thought about Roy and how much he wanted Roy to be with him at that moment.

Down the hall from Cody his mother Sandra had just finished getting herself off with her favorite dildo. Her husband Roger was on another extended business trip and she woke up as horny as ever. As Sandra fucked herself with the fake cock her mind wondered toward Roy and she imagined that he was fucking her with his big dick. Sandra had noticed the outline of Roy's cock in his tight gym shorts a number of times over the past several weeks and she had fantasized what it would be like to be fucked with it. Sandra then looked at the clock and realized that she had to get moving or she would be late for work. Sandra showered, dressed and was eating a quick breakfast when Cody's friend from the skating team showed up at the house. 

"You're up early Randy?" Sandra greeted him.

"I hope that I'm not too early but I needed to cover something with Cody. Is he awake yet?" Randy said apologetically.

"I'm not sure but I am running late so why don't you just go up to his room and see for yourself," Sandra said as she dashed out the door.

"Okay thanks, have a good day," Randy called to her as she left.

Randy walked up the stairs and knocked on Cody's bedroom door and called softly to Cody, "Cody are you awake?"

"Come on in Randy, what's up why are you here so early?" Cody said as he lay naked in bed.

Randy looked at Cody's naked body and he felt his cock stir at the sight of the pretty boy in bed. A closer look at Cody and Randy could see the spunk on his body. Some of it had dried but there was still evidence that Cody had jerked off that morning.

"Where's my mom?" Cody asked.

"Oh she was leaving just as I arrived and she told me to go up to your room," Randy replied as he put down his back pack.

"You want to come to bed?" Cody asked.

"Not yet I have a surprise for you," Randy said and then went into the bathroom with his bag.

Cody lay there wondering what Randy was up to. Cody liked Randy and he particularly liked fucking Randy in the ass. Randy had a cute tight butt and he actually looked like one of the female skaters rather than a male. The door opened and Randy stepped back into the bedroom. Randy had taken one of the girl's skating outfits and he was now wearing it. Randy danced around the room as if he was skating and allowed the little skirt to slip up and show his cute ass. Cody watched him move around and as he did Cody felt his cock rise at the thought of fucking Randy. Randy stopped for a second and peeled the skating panties off and then danced around again. This time when Randy danced around the skirt flipped up and showed his bare ass and genitals. Cody stroked his cock as he watched Randy and the he decided it was time to fuck Randy. Cody hopped out of bed sporting a raging hard-on and caught Randy. He pushed Randy down on the bed face down and flipped up skating skirt.

Cody grabbed the lotion from his nightstand and quickly covered his cock with it. Then he pushed his rock hard cock into Randy's ass and fucked him hard and fast. Randy whimpered under the assault of his ass but he pushed back to try to get all of Cody's cock in him. Cody pounded his friend's ass as they both raced toward an orgasm. Cody came first and filled Randy's ass with semen. Randy squealed when he felt the warm liquid flood his ass. Cody continued to fuck until his cock softened and slipped from Randy's ass. Randy rolled over on his back and Cody's mouth immediately covered Randy's cock. Cody sucked on his friend's cock until Randy shot his wad in Cody's mouth.
