 Authors Note: This story is to fulfill an outstanding request that I received some time ago. If there is a positive response to this story, I will write additional chapters about Bill's bisexual encounters with gay lovers. 

PRELUDE

Bill hadn't been at the bath house for a couple of weeks. He arrived a little earlier than he normally did when he was in town. His thinking was to hit the Jacuzzi, sauna and then shower before checking out the talent. He checked in at the front desk and paid his daily fee for a towel and a locker. Bill never got a room as it was not really needed. He moved to the locker area where he removed and placed his clothes in a locker. He wrapped the towel around his naked body and put the elastic band locker key holder on his wrist. Bill then headed up to the second floor.

He decided to walk around the section where the private rooms were before heading to the Jacuzzi area. Most of the time guys having sex in the room kept the door closed and many even locked it. There were those who were exhibitionists who liked to leave the door open so that others could watch them. Bill noticed as small group of guys standing by one door watching whoever was in the room. Bill approached the group and some of them nodded acknowledging his presence.

Bill looked in the room and he was surprised to see two guys that he knew. Andy was on his back in bed and Buddy was fucking him missionary style. A few guys watching had their cocks in their hands and were stroking them as they watched the scene inside. The door must not have latched when it was closed because Buddy and Andy were not exhibitionists. Bill had fucked Buddy before but he never had sex with Andy. He didn't know why Buddy liked the chubby slightly overweight Andy but Buddy fucked him all the time.

Bill moved past the others and whispered, "Excuse me." He entered the room and then quietly closed the door and locked it. He dropped his towel and applied cream to his hardening cock. Bill stroked his cock as he watched Buddy's hot curvy ass. Buddy's buttocks would tighten each time he drove his cock into Andy's ass. Bill loved the shape of Buddy's ass and it was one of the nicest ones he ever fucked. Bill got on the bed behind Buddy and his cock touched Buddy's buttocks.

Buddy knew that someone had closed the door but he didn't realize anyone had entered the room. When he felt the stiff cock brush against his ass he panicked briefly and called out. "Hey watch it. I didn't say you could fuck me."

"Relax, you know you like this," Bill countered as he pressed forward and his cock touched Buddy's anus.

"Christ Bill you scared me. Make sure that ass buster is well oiled," Buddy cautioned.

"Holy shit, it's Bill. Fuck him Bill. Fuck him just like he's fucking me," Andy said once he realized what was going on.

Bill slowly eased his well lubed nearly eight inch cock into Buddy's ass feeding it to him a little at a time. Buddy stopped moving and placed his hand on Bill's thigh to control the penetration. Bill did not want to cause any pain so he took his time filling Buddy's rectum with his impressive meat. Buddy moaned each time Bill went a little deeper. Bill began to fuck Buddy slowly and then Buddy resumed fucking Andy. Bill liked it when Buddy was fucking Andy as he did all the work. Bill just kept his cock in Buddy's ass and let Buddy move back and forth on it. Each time Buddy slid in and out of Andy's ass he moved his ass back and forth on Bill's cock. 

The dual action was too much for Buddy and he announced that he was going to cum. Bill drove his cock deep into Buddy's ass just as he ejaculated in Andy's bottom. Bill felt Buddy's sphincter tighten around his cock each time Buddy shot a wad into Andy. The sensation of the sphincter along with the beauty of Buddy's ass sent Bill over the edge and he dumped a huge load into Buddy's anal passage. Buddy felt the jolt of semen shoot into him and his sphincter instinctively milked Bill's cock dry. 

Bill eased his cock out of Buddy's ass and sat back on his haunches. He watched as his seed trickled out of Buddy's anus and ran down over his perineum and testicles. Buddy was still hard in Andy's ass and he was jerking Andy's cock as he fucked him. Andy's body tensed and then he shot several wads onto his own body. Bill moved off the bed and put his towel around his waist.

"I going to grab a shower and then hit the Jacuzzi. Maybe I'll see you later," Bill told them.

"Close the door on the way out," Buddy reminded him.

"Will do," Bill confirmed and then he left the room.

BILL'S FIRST VISIT TO THE BATH HOUSE

Bill Jennings worked for a consulting firm which required that he travel frequently. He was 29 years of age and in great shape. He stood and 6'1" and weighed a fit 185 pounds. Bill worked out religiously and he always stayed at hotels with fitness rooms. He had short brown hair and hazel eyes and he was a real ladies man. Bill normally did okay on the road when it came to picking up ladies but there were also those dry spells that were disappointing.

He was currently dating a cute brunette named Susan who was a flight attendant for a major airline. Susan lived in the same apartment complex as Bill. She, like Bill, traveled frequently and had overnight stays. The best thing about Susan was that she shared the same passion for anal sex as Bill did. She loved it when Bill fucked her ass and filled it with his seed at the end of a love making session. Bill always took good care of her pussy and Susan would have multiple orgasms before turning up her ass for a good fucking. She loved the feel of his cum shooting into her rectum.

Bill was traveling one week to a Midwestern city and he had struck out the night before and a local hangout. He was annoyed because he had spent a lot of money buying drinks for a couple of chicks and nothing came of it. The following morning he was eating breakfast and reading the morning newspaper before heading out to his client's office. Bill came across an article in the paper about a gay bathhouse in town. Apparently some people were upset with the rumored activities that went on at the place. However, the mayor and police commissioner were originally from California and they were much more liberal when it came to issues about gays. The mayor simply stated that the bathhouse was private property and what ever went on there was not the public's business.

Bill finished reading the article and he was intrigued. He was no stranger to bi-sexual encounters as he had fucked some cute French and Italian young men during his travels to Europe. Bill did not consider himself gay as he was not interested in another guy's cock. He also didn't fuck just any gay guy or let just anyone suck his cock. The gays he had fucked were slender, fit and effeminate. The young men he met in France and Italy were just that and he liked their hairless bodies with flawless soft skin. Bill had his share of pussy in Europe but he enjoyed fucking the gays as well.

Bill never had a gay encounter in the states and certainly not in his hometown. Still he was curios about the gay bathhouse and he wondered what type of gays went there. The year was 1979 and although Aids was not an issue, one still had to be careful about VD. It was still common place to have unprotected sex with women and men. Bill preferred not to use a condom as he loved to fill a rectum with his seed. Bill finished his breakfast and headed over to his client's office.

The rest of the day Bill's mind would drift back to the newspaper article and he would think about the bathhouse. By the end of the business day he decided to visit the bathhouse. He decided to check it out and if he felt uncomfortable he would leave. After work he returned to the hotel, changed into casual clothes and drove over to the bathhouse. He arrived at 7:00 PM as he was unsure as to when the action would start. The bathhouse was an older two story building without a parking lot so Bill parked on the street. The meters were only in effect from 8:00 AM to 6:00 PM so he had no worries about getting a parking ticket or having the car towed away.

Bill entered the building and a gay receptionist greeted him. "Room or a locker," the guys asked.

"A locker please," Bill told him.

"Been here before?"

"No this is my first time."

"Lockers, weight room and lounge are on the first floor. Rooms, Jacuzzi, sauna, showers and play room are on the second floor. Enjoy your evening," the attendant told him as he handed Bill a towel and locker key.

"Thanks," Bill replied and then he made his way to the locker.

Bill located the locker and undressed. He placed his clothes in the locker, wrapped the towel around his waist and put the locker key band on his wrist. He walked around the first floor and checked out the weight room and lounge. Both rooms were empty but Bill took notice of what they had to offer. There was reading material a TV and furniture in the lounge. The weight was simple with free weights and a couple of benches. Bill headed up to the second floor.

First he spotted the Jacuzzi which was very large and could easily accommodate a dozen people. He located the sauna which was also large and then the shower room. All those facilities were empty but Bill was sure they would be busy later. He walked in the opposite direction and past a block of private rooms. There were twenty rooms total in the block, ten on each side of the aisle, built back to back. There was a tote board on the wall for messages. Bill read one message that was already posted. 

"I'm the fuckee looking for the fucker," the message read. Bill made a mental note of the room number so that he could check out the occupant. Bill walked around the block of rooms and he found some doors closed and some open. The open doors were vacant rooms or occupied with someone displaying his wares. Bill noticed guys in their cots stroking their cocks and others lying on their stomachs showing off their ass. He didn't see anyone to his liking and some of the guys were not in good shape. No one was having sex in any of the rooms with the doors open.

Bill then noticed a cute slender blonde guy step out of his room. He closed and locked the door behind him and Bill noticed that it was the room number on the message board. Bill checked out the blonde's ass and decided that it had possibilities. He felt his cock twitch under his towel and decided that he would look the blonde up later as he wanted to finish checking out the place. Bill walked past the private rooms into a large room that was dimly lit.

Once his eyes adjusted he spotted all the bunks that were in the room. The bunks were military style with thin mattresses and there were both bunk beds and single beds. Upon further inspection Bill noticed that a number of the bunks were occupied. There were gays in 69 positions sucking each other's cock and some guys fucking. Guys were getting fucked both missionary style and doggy style. Some of the guys getting fucked missionary style were also getting their cocks sucked by a third guy. One guy getting fucked doggy style was sucking the cock of another guy. In one single bunk there were four guys on their sides having sex. Two of them were in a 69 position sucking each other's cock while two other guys fucked them.

Bill surmised that this was the room where the action took place although he assumed that when the place filled up the other areas would be busy too. He then noticed a couple of guys standing around stroking their cocks as they watched the action. Everyone had lost the towel and Bill was the only one with a towel wrapped around his waist. He actually felt a little self conscious since he was the only one concealing his cock which by then was fully erect. Just then a cute looking guy brushed by Bill and smiled. Bill watched as the guy with a nice ass looked over his shoulder and smiled at Bill. Then the guy flopped down on one of the single bunks and wiggled his ass at Bill.

Bill walked over to the bunk and dropped his towel. He sat on the bed and caressed the guy's buttocks. "Hi, I'm Spence."

"I'm Bill."

"Are you going to fuck me Bill? Would you like to fuck me? My ass is waiting for you," Spence said as he raised his ass off the bunk and rotated it in seductive manner.

Spence handed Bill a bottle and the label read, Anal Ease. Bill greased up Spence's asshole and he marveled at the shapely ass on Spence's small frame. Spence looked good on all fours as he waited for Bill's cock to penetrate his ass. Bill took his time lubricating Spence's ass and he liked the submissive posture that Spence presented. Spence had his head down on his hands which were folded on the bunk. Spence's ass was elevated and his back was arched emphasizing the curvy shape of his ass. Spence looked perfect and he presented exactly the image that Bill liked to fuck. Spence even had budding little tits to go with his effeminate frame.

Bill moved close and slowly eased his cock into Spence's ass. Spence groaned slightly with the penetration and his sphincter stretched to accept the swollen cock. Once past the sphincter Bill fucked Spence slowly until Spence's ass opened up and he was able to take Bill's big thick cock. Bill then picked up the pace and soon his hips were slamming into the petite Spence. Spence's cute ass would jiggle each time Bill thrust into it and Bill loved the effect. Bill felt his orgasm building and he knew that he would dump a good sized load in Spence's ass. Spence felt Bill's body stiffen and make one final thrust as Bill buried his cock in Spence's ass. Then Spence felt cum surge into him and he felt Bill's cock throb with each release. 

Spence's anal muscles involuntarily clenched and unclenched as they massaged Bill's cock and drew every drop of cum from the shaft. Bill kept pressed against Spence and let his cock be milked dry. Spence couldn't hold his position any longer and he collapsed forward on the bed. Bill followed Spence down and lay on top of Spence with his cock still buried in Spence's ass. Bill felt Spence's smooth hairless skin against his own and he liked the feeling. Bill remained on top of Spence until Spence begged him to get up. Bill didn't realize it but he had been crushing Spence's smaller body. Bill had gotten lost in the moment as Spence's ass muscles tightened around Bill's cock. Bill then rolled to the side and his still erect cock slipped from Spence's dilated asshole.

Spence remained on his stomach face down on the bed as he recovered from being thoroughly fucked. Bill looked over at Spence's ass and he could see cum oozing from it. Bill was tempted to finger Spence's asshole and push the semen back in. Bill started by caressing Spence's curvy smooth ass and then he played with his asshole. Bill pushed his finger into Spence's cum filled hole. Spence wiggled his ass in response as Bill played with him. Spence then pushed himself up on all fours giving Bill better access. Bill felt his desire mount again so he moved back behind Spence. Bill eased his cock back into Spence's ass for a second time and he knew he would last a little longer this time since he had already cum. Bill fucked Spence until he finally came again. 

"Oh Bill, I don't know if I have ever been fucked like that since I've been coming here. You sure had a lot of cum built up," Spence cooed.

"I'm glad you liked it because I loved fucking your ass," Bill told him. 

Bill sat up and he noticed that several guys had gathered around to watch and they were stroking their cocks. Bill located his towel and stood up. One of the guys watching was the cute blonde who Bill had spotted earlier. Bill moved away from the bunk and watched as another guy got behind Spence and began fucking him. Bill decided to take a shower and hit the Jacuzzi. He was pleased as he had only been there an hour and he had cum twice and fucked a great looking ass.

Bill entered the shower room and at first he was alone but then the cute blonde joined him. "I'm Adam. Do you mind if I shower with you?"

"No not at all, I'm Bill."

"You are quite impressive Bill," Adam said as he stepped under the shower with Bill and took a hold of Bill's cock.

The two of them began to wash each other. Bill washed Adam's body and paid particular attention to Adam's ass. Bill stood behind Adam and washed Adam's chest and abs. Adam felt Bill's stiff dick press against his bottom. Then Bill's hands made their way down to Adam's ass. Bill cupped the inviting buttocks in his hands as he soaped up Adam's ass. Then he fingered Adam's asshole and soaped up his own cock. Adam leaned forward slightly placing his hands on the shower wall and arched his back so that his ass pushed back toward Bill. Bill eased his cock into Adam's soapy asshole as he held onto Adam's hips.

Adam groaned seductively as the big dick entered his asshole. Bill fucked him slowly and watched his cock slide in and out of Adam's shapely ass. Bill was so turned on that he felt his orgasm building quicker then he planned. There was no stopping him and his balls tightened as he unloaded in Adam's ass. Bill held onto to Adam's hips and drove his cock deep into Adam's asshole. Adam felt the hot cum fill his asshole to overflowing and instinctively used his anal muscles to milk Bill's cock. 

Bill stayed hard and kept fucking Adam. Bill could feel his own semen surround his cock as he continued to fuck Adam's ass. Bill sensed that he would stay hard and he was pleased that he could continue to fuck Adam's ass. Adam realized that Bill would fuck him until he went soft and Adam began to stroke his own cock. 

"Bill, play with me? Please play with my cock. Stroke it for me. Jerk me off as you fuck me," Adam begged.

Bill grabbed a hold of Adam's cock and jerked him off as he fucked Adam's ass. If Bill liked a gay guy he didn't mind jerking him off, He had done that many times with the French and Italian cuties. Bill liked holding Adam's cock and jerking him off. Adam screamed that he was cumming. Bill stroked Adam quicker and he watched over Adam's shoulder as Adam ejaculated. Adam's cum oozed out of his cock and trickled over Bill's hand only to be washed away by the shower water. Bill liked feeling Adam ejaculate and watching the spunk ooze out of Adam's cock.

The two of them turned off the shower and dried off. Adam noticed that Bill's cock was still semi-hard. "Does that thing ever go soft?" Adam teased.

"Not as long as there is a hot ass like yours to fuck," Bill replied as he playfully grabbed Adam's ass, "But I have nothing left tonight. I have already cum three times."

"Would you like to get together outside the bathhouse?"

"I don't live here and I am leaving tomorrow." I'll be back next week for a few days," Bill advised.

"Come to my room and I will give you my number," Spence offered.

The two of them walked to the private room section and Bill noticed a few gays having sex with the door open. Spence went in his room and got a business card. He wrote his home number on the card and handed it to Bill.

"I hope to hear from you," Spence offered.

"We'll see what happens," Bill replied being non-committal.

Bill then went down the first floor, dressed and turned in the locker key. "Leaving so soon," the attendant stated.

"Yes, I'm all done," Bill replied almost sarcastically.

The attendant smiled and said, "Have a good night."

Bill left the building and checked his watch. It wasn't even 9:00 PM and he had cum three times in two fantastic asses of two cute gay. The visit had been well worth it and Bill was sure he would come back to the bathhouse. He also knew that he would probably call Spence as well but he was curious about how many cute young gays with hot asses he would meet at the bathhouse. He returned to his hotel room, undressed and got a drink from the mini-bar. Bill reclined in bed and reflected on his successful evening. He eventually dozed off and slept soundly as he was sexually sated.