 To my readers, I apologize for not posting anything lately and leaving several series hanging. Life, work, and a health issue that came out of nowhere had my full attention for a while. Life is still life, work has calmed down, and the health issue has been addressed. I hope this short story will ease me back into writing, and that you enjoy it as much as the other stories. 

I knocked hesitantly on the door. I didn't want to be at this door, this house, but my feet led me here without a conscious thought. I rapped again lightly. Maybe he wouldn't hear and I could go home.

Yesterday had been my birthday, the big 18. I didn't really celebrate it since my folks were throwing me a blow-out party this coming weekend to celebrate both the birthday and my high school graduation. Since I wasn't doing anything I decided to go to a friends house, and as I passed by Mr. Hausers' place he called out to me.

I don't remember how he talked me into his house. I don't remember his first moves, the start of his seduction. I remember trying to put up a fight, being unwillingly willing. I remember my fascination with his cock and every nasty wonderful thing he did to me over the next two hours.

I was a virgin yesterday. Not today. I'd lost my virginity to a man, a man in his 50's. It didn't dawn on me that I wasn't a virgin anymore when he held my head until I swallowed all of his cum. It hit me when I was straddling him, feeling his cock stretch my ass wide open as my butt cheeks first made contact with his groin.

I wasn't a virgin because I was "saving myself for marriage" or anything. I'm a small guy that's not outgoing and I get tongue tied around girls. That's not the kind of person who gets laid in high school. But graduation was over with a few days ago.  

Still no answer. I willed my body to turn and walk down his sidewalk to safety and normalcy, but my hand reached out and rapped lightly on his door again. My arm trembled as I did.

What Mr. Hauser did disgusted me, fascinated me, appalled me, and thrilled me. I desperately wanted him while being repelled by him. He used enough force to make me understand that what was happening was GOING to happen, yet not enough to keep my there against my will. I could have broken free, escaped his house, yet I didn't. I don't know why.

He towered above me, a good six-five or six-six compared to my five foot seven. He towered over me even more when he pushed me to my knees and opened his ratty bathrobe to expose his hardening cock. I wish I could say that his oversized hand pulled my mouth to the tip of his cock, but I may have leaned in all on my own. My lower lip trembled as his cock slid slowly into my mouth, whether in fear or excitement. I couldn't tell.

He didn't let me suck him, not at first. Both of his huge hands grasped my head, loosely preventing me from pulling back, as he slowly pushed his hard cock into my mouth. I felt a gag coming, and jerked back, but didn't release him from my mouth. He waited until I recovered, then began sliding his cock in and out of my mouth. I felt a tangy taste and realized his cock was seeping pre-cum already.

He fucked my mouth slowly, almost gently, until I found his rhythm and started moving with him. I could feel his smile when my mouth started sliding up and down his shaft without his urging. Inside, I was horrified that I was sucking a man's cock yet I couldn't stop myself. I wouldn't stop myself, until I made him cum.

That moment arrived quickly. I felt his cock swell in my mouth, then the taste of his cum overwhelmed my taste buds. Horrified, I tried to pull off of him, but his hands prevented me from doing so.

"Swallow it all, baby," he said between clenched teeth. 

My stomach roiled at the thought of his issue going down my throat and into my belly. I could have just let it seep out past my lips, but I swallowed quickly. There was a lot of cum, and it took several swallows to get it all. 

He gave a big sigh, then gently pulled his cock from my mouth. I looked up at him, not knowing what to do or say or feel.

Silently, he hooked his hands under my armpits and raised me to my feet, then led me by hand to his bedroom. Dropping his robe to the floor, he pulled my shirt off over my head and unbuckled my pants so they could fall to the floor. My shoes and socks were off...did I do that? I must have. I stepped out of my underwear after he pulled them down to my ankles.

He sat in the middle of the bed, and motioned for me to crawl across to him. He held his soft cock by his fingers, nodding at me to suck him again. This time, it was all me. I took him in my mouth again, revelling in the taste and texture and how it felt as he slowly swelled back up to full hardness.

I felt his slick finger touch my asshole, and I jerked. He slapped my ass, not softly but not particularly hard either, and said, "Relax." I tried, but it was difficult as his finger slowly slid in and out of my ass. It wasn't uncomfortable...far from it. It felt incredible. But he was invading my most private space and that was enough to make me want to pull away from him.

One finger slid in and out of my asshole, then two. By the time he got three in, I was actually pushing my ass back towards his hand as his cock reached full hardness again in my mouth. 

He grabbed a handful of my hair and gently pulled my mouth off of him. I didn't release it willingly. I looked at him, confused, a long string of saliva connecting the tip of his cock to my lower lip. His face was expressionless...I couldn't tell what thoughts were going through his mind. 

"Straddle me," he said, a low growling command, as one hand grasped his cock to stand it up straight, and the other on my shoulder. A clumsy scramble and my knees were on either side of him, his cock lightly touching my well-lubricated hole. 

Oh, Jesus, he was going to fuck me. I didn't want it, wanted it so badly. My own dick, swollen and leaking precum, bobbed gently as I felt his hand on my shoulder pull me down. His cockhead split me open...a twinge of pain that made me push up against his hand that was pulling me down onto him.

"Just relax," he coaxed, not letting up pressure on my shoulder. I gave him a frightened look, but willed myself to stop fighting him. Another quarter inch of him slid into me, giving me a fresh twinge of pain, then another, then another. 

It was when felt the light brush of his groin against my asscheeks that I realized that I wasn't a virgin any more. I'd had sex, was having sex. The realization that it was with another man and not a girl made my dick throb. Despite the fear, despite the pain, despite everything, I almost came right then and there.

I started to pull up, not knowing whether it was to escape his spear or to start fucking myself on him. He stopped me with a growl, saying "Just relax and get used to me." I could feel myself relaxing around him, my ass slowly stretching to the point where there wasn't any pain, just a curious good feeling. I wiggled my ass on him, and the sensation made both of us groan.

"Ride my cock, baby," he groaned, his hands on my hips urging me upward. I raised a few inches, feeling him slid out of me a bit, then his hands pulled me back down onto him. After three or four repetitions, I was doing it on my own without his guidance. It felt...incredible, wonderful, so beautifully dirty. 

He left one hand on my hip while the other slid up to play with my nipple. The sensation was almost too much, and I felt my balls tighten as the cum boiled in them. I wasn't even touching my dick, and I was about to cum from his cock sliding in and out of my ass and his fingers gently pinching my nipple.

A gasp and suddenly my dick is throbbing, shooting thick ropes of cum across his stomach and chest. He doesn't seem to notice it, as he's pushing up against me as I rise and fall on his throbbing cock.

I stopped, my orgasm ebbing away to nothing but a warm glow in my groin, and he started pushing up into me. The enormity of what had just happened hit me like a ton of bricks and I started to pull up off of him. My "flight or fuck" response had swung over to flight, and now I just wanted to get away from him.

He didn't let me. Instead, he rolled both of us over without pulling his cock from my ass and suddenly was on top of me. He hauled my legs onto his shoulders and began pounding me hard, driving me into the mattress. I think I might have whimpered out of fear, but in a few moments I swung back to "fuck" and began pushing my ass up to meet his thrusts. Dimly, I was aware of the cum that had sprayed across him was dripping back down onto me.

Each of his thrusts was both an instant and an eternity. As soon as he pulled back, I wanted him back deep inside me. I don't know how long he railed into me, but eventually my dick was hard again and rubbed on his belly as he forced himself in and out of my willing ass. 

When he grunted and shoved himself as deep into me as he could, I could feel his cock throb inside me. "He's cumming again," I thought, both thrilled and horrified at the idea. It was enough to make my own dick throb too, weaker than before but still incredible.

He strained into me for a few long seconds, then slowly collapsed on top of me. His weight, his heat, his sweat felt undeniably good and I shamefully relished in the sensation. 

We laid there for a long while before he rolled off of me and stood up next to the bed. Without a word, he held out his hand to me. I took it and let myself be led to the shower. He washed me gently, almost lovingly, and dried me in silence.

I dressed, and fled. The excitement I felt earlier was gone, leaving me with a dread about what had happened. What was I? If I hated what had happened as much as I told myself I did, why did I remember it so longingly? 

I jerked off twice that night, feeling shame as I did so.

I didn't intentionally come to his house today. As I said, my feet brought me here without me willing them to. I was terrified that I wanted more of what he'd done before, and so excited about the prospect that my dick was rock-hard in my jeans.

One final rap on his door, and I found the way to make my body turn away from it. As i started to, however, I heard the door unlock and open. He stood there in his doorway in that same bathrobe, a grin on his face.

My eyes cast down in shame, I rushed past him into his house. I was already on my knees when he closed and locked the door.