 He just wanted his team to win. Coach Smith was tall and muscular and handsome and he had not been accustomed to loosing in life. At 24 he had a beautiful wife and promising career. Now at 35 he had been a coach for 11 years and things weren't going so well. He was still married but the career was less promising.

Smith was a dedicated football coach at small but prestigious college. He trained right beside his boys. Running drills with them, tackling and getting tackled by them, getting dirty and showering with them. He even ate the same diet he forced them to eat. It was all to show he would never ask more from them more then he did of himself. It had kept him strong and toned but it had not helped the Big Bulls of Cedar College win.

He thought if he showed complete dedication they could finally start racking up some victories, like he used to as a player when he was in college. But year after year, new players in old players out, they continued to be the laughing stalk of the league. Smith had even heard rumors the administration was thinking of cutting the team all together. They had become an embarrassment to the school.

Coach Smith knew if his boys could win just one game then they'd have the confidence they needed, but the Big Bulls of Arizona technical college had not won a football game in 10 years. It didn't matter how good the players were at practice, when the game was on they could never pull it off. 

Coach Smith was desperate. He had been hired the year before the big slump, which made it even worse. That's one winning season, and 10 seasons of loses. It was like they were cursed. He sat alone in a café waiting for his friend to show up, he put his hand through his short blond hair thinking about his team. His wife was barely talking to him; this team was all he had left.

Yesterday in the showers he had surveyed his boys. They were muscled and toned, all shaved completely smooth from the neck down, something they did for solidarity and the coach had to. They were comfortable with each other, it didn't make sense they couldn't win a game, they had all the pieces they needed. Teamwork and muscles, that's all football is. Soapsuds washed down their 6-packs to their huge balls. These young men, their cocks were massive elephant trunks, swaying as they joked and teased and slapped each other. Each one bigger than the last. How can guys that hung not have the confidence it takes, he thought.

Coach Smith's friend Marty arrived in a limo. He was also a coach, but of a woman's soccer team. Woman's soccer coaches were usually paid pretty bad but his team had skyrocketed to the top in the nation a few years after he signed on. It put the school on the map and the administration gave Marty anything he asked for. 

Coach Marty said he was busy. No time to talk. He just handed Smith a book, he said it was his secret. It was so far beyond cheating no one would ever catch him, but he should be careful. "You might not enjoy the consequences as much as I did, with your MEN's football team. " Then he laughed and left. It might be prank, whatever was in that book. Marty was always pranking Smith when they were on the team together. But Smith knew he had to take that risk.

Smith figured if it was legit it might be instructions relating to cheating on the field, other teams playbooks, or something to do with steroids, he was too desperate to care. 

Instead it was a recipe for herbal tea. The Secret Spartan Tea, it was called. That must be the joke, he thought, Marty knows that I so desperate and I'll use this no matter what, its probably a laxative. Well fuck me, let's try it.

Herbal tea, how would that help his team. Could Marty's secret have been antioxidants? All the ingredients were legal, different kinds of tealeaves and herbs that he could buy at any organic food store. But one ingredient, while legal, was much harder to find. It was called Trowzer Snake Root, and he finally found it at an obscure little shop in Greek town. He thought it must be some kind of naturally occurring steroid, something that oversight organizations didn't know about yet.

He made a batch and served it to his team instead of Gatorade. He filled 3 huge water coolers with it and made them all take a drink. And he had a cup as well. It tasted salty and sweet and weird but he drank it all down. It tasted better the more you drank it. That day they practiced in the hot sun and they all drank a lot.

The team didn't play any better at practice that day, maybe a little worse even. His team was complaining weird jock itch, he could feel it himself. It wasn't like a rash and it didn't hurt, but it felt so good it itch it, it was hard not to. A different kind of itch. It was all over his cock and he was starting to feel it up his butt. He called practice early. Marty and his fucking pranks, this must be some kind of itching tea.

Everyone rushed to the locker room. Guys were ripping their uniforms off in showers, not waiting for their lockers. Talk was some sort of jock itch must be going around, that could happen if the team manager fucked up the laundry. Coach Smith was just glad they didn't suspect his tea.

When Smith got in the shower he noticed something odd. Their dicks were all bright red, almost glowing. It wasn't like a rash red, it was almost neon. Guys were soaping up their cocks trying to wash off the stale sweat or whatever was causing the itch. 

The itch was getting worse, coach could feel it. He had drunk as much tea as anyone. If anything the water was making it worse. The only relief came from rubbing the affected area, his dick. But he was having a hard time not getting a bones and rubbing his soap hands up and down his already half hard dick.

He looked around and most of team already had full boners. Once one guy broke to the temptation of rubbing his penis the whole team followed. They were rubbing soap onto their dicks furiously, everyone's cock climbing from the friction. The soap wasn't working but one of the guys reported that he spit on his dick and it helped. Now everyone is openly jacking off in the shower. Coach was watching it jacking off as well, what else could he do.

Marco, was the biggest player. He was an Italian guy, all tan with a build like a young Schwarzenegger. He wasn't too smart but he was huge and was strong. His tan extended to his fat uncut cock, a full 12 inches in his hand. He was rubbing the foreskin back and forth when he looked like he got an idea. He walked over to Cory, our kicker. Cory had a smaller build, almost like a gymnast. Coach Smith could see them arguing but he was too delirious to do anything. Then Marco pushes him down right on his ass. Cory looked scared, but he was still jacking off as he backed up, Marco's huge uncut cock pointing right at him as he advanced. Marco backed up until he hit the wall. Marco grabbed Cory by his wet red hair. Cory yelled for him to let go and as his mouth open Marco shoved his cock all the way to the back of the smaller boys throat.

The room went quiet. This changed everything. All anyone could hear was the sound of Cory gagging on that tanned cock. Finally Coach Smith yelled. "Marco you can't do that, stop!"

"But coach it's working! I feel relief. Oh god yes! You got a pretty little girl mouth Cory, sorry but I got to do this."

Marco had crossed the line first. Jacking off was one thing, but now he was getting blown. Peppy the quarter back was not as aggressive as Marco, but when he walked over to his teammate Jordan the quarter back. you could tell he wasn't going to take no for an answer. As other guys watched they both awkwardly got on the wet floor, laying on their sides, heads facing each other's penises. The grabbed each other big dicks like they were grabbing angry snakes, with a little fear. Then at the same time, both players said "No homo!" and started sucking.

Then it was on, Coach could only watch helplessly as one by one guys paired up and started blowing each other. He yelled at the player to knock it off while he continued to rub soap into his bright red pulsating cock. Three guys were in a daisy chain on the floor right in front of him. 

He just kept watching, his bright red dick feeling only mild relief from the spit and soap on his dick as furiously rubbed it.

Cory was on his knees now, his tight white ass in the air. He was sucking that dick willingly now, the bright redness had spread to his lips, and as he took his mouth off the shaft and started licking Marco hairless balls Smith could see that his tongue had turned that unnatural red too. He saw it in the other players as well. He also saw Cory's pink asshole, winking at him. Like a man possessed the coach walked over to Cory and put hand on his ass. When the 19 year old felt that he looked back, he looked scared but Marco garbed his head and started face fucking him before he could say anything. What am I doing, he thought, this guy is 19. And I'm not gay. He placed his head just at the hole and he felt a charge from the head of his dick to his own asshole.

"I'm sorry Cory." He pushed the head inside and Cory screamed, though his slobbering muffled the scream. He slowly thrust forward, ecstasy taking over each millimeter of his dick as he pushed it inside. He wanted to make it easy on Cory. It felt so good he had to speed up. The itching was gone and replaced with pure pleasure, Cory's hole tightened around Coach Smith's dick and he lost himself.

Everyone started groaning in unison.

To be continued....

The next game they played they won, by a huge margin. He started brewing more tea.