 "Crashed and burned..." Paul sighed as he turned the key in the door and pushed his way into the apartment. I followed, my feet stumbling over the step, my body swaying with drunkenness.

Paul switched on the light of the small kitchen area, staggered round the little table, clattering and chair and moved into the larger other room, where our two beds were against one wall, and a sofa piled with our stuff was against the other. Suddenly this small apartment where we'd been a week seemed a little depressing, a little uninspiring, a little lacking in the girls we'd been hoping to lure back every night.

We'd come to this Greek island for a two week holiday with Paul's parents at the end of our last term before university later in the autumn; they had an apartment two doors down from us, we met them occasionally, lounging by the pool or on the beach. We'd even shared a few meals, but mostly now our evenings had been spent trawling the bars trying to chat up girls, with very little success. We couldn't work out why it was proving so difficult - our tans were looking good, Paul's especially was deepening into a nut brown glow, we're both in good shape, slim, broad shouldered.

I'd known Paul since primary school, and considered him my best friend, still both aged 18 now. There was no competition between us really, I knew he was fairly good-looking, a friendly face, floppy brown hair that he pushed back as he flirted with the girls in the bars; I was pretty average,, a bit taller but skinnier, short darker brown hair, a bit shyer than Paul perhaps. Basically neither of us were so unappealing that we scared girls off, but we weren't attracting them either. Maybe it was the scent of desperation we gave off. After a week of striking out sexual frustration was kicking in. I'd heard the unmistakeable vibration of Paul wanking himself off in the shower yesterday, and I had been tempted early this morning to sneak my morning glory off to the bathroom to relieve some tension.

Paul flopped down onto his bed. I switched on the lowlights by the headboard. The twin beds were pushed apart a couple of feet - Paul's parents had the same room with them pushed together as a double. I looked down at Paul, my vision flickering over him lying on the with sheet of the bed, his short sleeved shirt riding up from the waistband of his jeans, revealing his slim, tanned belly.

"We've got to get lucky soon," I said, first moving to the doors to our balcony, and pushing them open, and then walking back in to the kitchen. "Beer?"

"Oh yeah, go on, I'm pissed but not pissed enough," replied Paul, giving a resigned laugh.

I got two beers out of our tiny fridge, popped the tops and brought them over to the beds. Paul sat up and took his beer and we clinked the bottles.

"To scoring tomorrow night," said Paul.

"Oh yeah, with Isabella I reckon."

"Ha, you wish."

"Yeah, I do wish, man she's so hot."

Isabella was the name we'd made up and given to an extremely attractive young girl who sunbathed at our pool, usually in a red, skimpy bikini. She was so out of league it was entirely possible for us to sit and stare blatantly at her whenever we were nearby; nothing would ever happen. So we constantly joked with each other that it would.

"She's already picked me mate," said Paul, "She's just waiting to catch me on my own."

"Yeah?"

"And then...whoa..." Paul wobbled on his bed, pretending to thrust, which if hadn't been so drunk, might have been an approximation of a 'sexy move' but as it was made him fall to one side, a splash of beer falling out of the bottle.

We drank our beers in companionable silence, probably both thinking about the way Isabella's breasts filled out her bikini top, or how her thigh squashed slightly as she rolled over from her front to tan her other side.

After a while Paul said, "game of cards?"

We'd been playing most nights on returning from the bars, sometimes gin rummy, sometimes pontoon, sipping our beers and encouraging each other that we'd been close when chatting to some girl, it would happen soon.

I got the cards, little knowing that this simple thing would turn into something quite out of the ordinary.

We'd been playing for a while, me sat cross legged on my bed, Paul sat on the edge of his, both us laying cards on his bedsheet. It was a typical warm Greek night.

"You know what I'd like to do with Isabella?" I said.

"Yes, you've told me" replied Paul, laying down 3 cards, heading towards a win already.

"No, a diff'ent thing this time" I slurred the word different.

"Oh yeah, what?"

"Strip poker!"

He looked up and smirked. "Nice idea, but you don't know how to play poker."

"Well strip gin rummy then" I said. 

"If she was in her bikini, that would help you have a chance of actually seeing a bit of tit before you lost and were buck naked".

"Hey," as I leaned over to pick up a card I gave him a friendly shove. He nearly fell back, the booze had affected his balance.

It was true, he did tend to win at gin quite a bit. We played on, and then, and I don't know where it came from, but maybe it was that sexual tension I mentioned, or it was thinking about Isabella, or any girl from any of the bars, or I was just drunk and it had been a flat evening, but I said: "do you want to play a bit of strip gin rummy now..." and realising what I'd said, tried to lighten it, "give me some practice, might be a laugh?"

Paul looked up, his eyes focusing slowly, seeming at first to be about to dismiss it but then maybe he was feeling the same, "it'll be a laugh for me I reckon".

As I said, we were really close friends, we'd got dressed and undressed in same room several times, we shared quite a lot, we both had told each other when we'd lost our virginities. I should add that my mother died when I was 13 and Paul had been a real support, not in any conscious way but just being there, offering a game of pool, or a play on his Xbox, patting me on back if I sometimes just cried. So actually stripping off in front of each other wasn't something we would have initially thought of as sexual anyway.

We worked out some basic rules, lose a game, lose an item of clothing. We both had shoes, socks, jeans, shirt so were even. I felt sure I would be losing my clothes first. After two games I had taken off both shoes.

"Right," said Paul, "the first thing we've learnt is if you play strip gin rummy, Isabella is gonna get bored before you seen a thing, it takes too long."

"Yeah, you're right" I said, "so strip pontoon?"

"Has to be" he smiled.

That sped things up. I lost again twice in quick succession, chucking my socks over to the sofa. We swigged our beers, beginning to shout out "twist, "stick" more quickly and laughed heartily when the other bust. Soon, I was down to just my jeans, Paul, still with his shirt.

He won the next and then meant my jeans had to go. I'd began to feel a bit flushed as the beer had gone down and the excitement of the game had grown. As I removed my jeans I realised my penis was stiffening a little, not noticeably, but as I dropped my jeans behind me, and crossed my legs to sit again I began to think of the way this game would go - i.e. nakedness. It was arousing to imagine it with a girl like Isabella, but it struck me I was quite interested to see how Paul would take to it too. Did I want to see him naked? That was an odd thought.

I was one loss from nakedness myself, so played cautiously and got lucky - Paul was over confident and went bust once, shirt off; twice, jeans off, and then hilariously the hat trick, a third loss.

"Oh shit"" he gasped.

I leant back on my bed, laughing, not quite believing he'd got to this point first.

"Bad luck dude," I said.

"Story of my night..." He sighed, put down his beer bottle. "It's a shame you're not Isabella, she'd be drooling at this point." He stood up, his fingers in the waistband of his underwear. His body looked tanned and toned in the low light of the room, he'd been trying out weights more this year and his shoulders and arms were gaining definition. There was a smattering of hair at his chest, running down to his belly button and then down further disappearing under his pants. I think the drink spurred him at that moment, as he whipped then down with a "ta-dah!"

His flaccid cock bounced on his thigh. I'd glimpsed it before, but it was a little different to see it there in front of me. His pubes framed a decent-sized, if a bit stubby penis, darkish in colour, so in contrast to the swimming trunk-shaped, white skin not touched by the sun.

"There you go then," I said, "Loser!" I shifted where I sat, my own cock was definitely beginning to have a mind of its own; I glanced down and saw it visibly bulging in my own shorts.

Paul sat down, "Oh we're not stopping there, no way. I'll be winning again soon."

But he lost again.

"What the fuck?" he said. He looked at me as if to say, now what do we do?

Immediately I said, "Forfeit".

"Hang on..."

"Oh yeah, Isabella would totally be up for forfeits, you can tell, she's saucy like that."

He laughed, "she totally is". Then, "what's the forfeit?"

I thought, glancing round the room. The thin curtain over the balcony doors ruffled in the breeze.

"Go and stand on the balcony for 1 minute" I said.

"Oh easy," Paul replied, lurching up off the bed, penis still soft and swinging, and heading to the doors. He got in a slight flap with the curtains and then disappeared outside. I could see the light catch his shoulder.

"It's nice out here, that breeze is nice on the skin".

I picked up my watch and smiled as he whistled from the balcony. The silliness of it was affecting us both.

"Ok minute's up" I said.

He sprang back in to the room and onto his bed. "You need to get tougher with your forfeits" he said.

As he sat there and shuffled the cards again, completely unselfconscious about his nudity, I looked over his body. I suddenly realised I knew it quite well, almost as well as my own. I began to transfer the thoughts I'd had this morning of wanking myself, to wondering if it was so different to take pleasure in my body as it would be to perhaps enjoy viewing Paul's. What I mean is, it didn't seem weird to imagine Paul touching himself, whereas in the cold light of day that was a weird thought. He wasn't hard at all though, and I was. I wondered what I'd do if I lost.

Paul seemed to sense my thoughts. "You, er, enjoying the game there mate?"

I looked up, seeing his eyes raise from lower down my body. He'd noticed my arousal.

"Ah yes," I said, feeling sure I blushed. "Thinking of Isabella you know..."

"Yes, that would be something. Come on twist."

I must have been flustered, because I lost and lost stupidly, from a strong position.

Paul clapped his hand, "hah ha revenge!"

A tingle went over my skin, a twinge of embarrassment at the erection I could no longer hide, but also a warmth, a warmth of quite pleasurable arousal. We both went quiet, Paul sat looking at me, expectant.

"Well ok, I guess," I said as I shifted to my knees. My shorts pointed out in front of me, my cock straining against them. I pulled my shorts down and out, over my penis, which jutted out, bulbous and proud towards Paul. I pushed my underwear further down and awkwardly pulled them off my legs. I sat back on the bed, thinking it might be less obvious, but my penis pointed up straight from my crotch, the foreskin pulled back just a little, exposing the now damp tip.

I looked over at Paul and was relieved to see him smiling. I think he had sensed my nervousness and that essentially kind nature of his, the way he looked out for me, kicked in.

"Well, ahem" his voice caught in his throat, "well, nice work mate. Isabella would be impressed".

There I was, sat not more than three feet away from my best friend, stark naked, with a very hard erection, and he took the weirdness out of the situation. What's more, I noticed that this own penis had lifted slightly from its repose on his thigh, and had perhaps filled out a little.

"So...twist... he said.

When I lost that hand, Paul gave me the forfeit of the balcony. I sheepishly got up, penis pointing the way to the doors and went outside. It was quiet out, in the distance some low voices, a soft hum of music. The balconies either side of us were silent and dark thank goodness. The air smelt of the dry earth and fading heat of the day. My penis remained hard, the light breeze running over me. My cheeks felt hot, I almost wanted to touch myself there and then. And briefly thought, I wanted Paul to see me do it.

"Time's up, come in number 5" said Paul from inside.

I walked back in and sat down.

"Still got a boner then, I thought that might scare you out there" he said.

"Yes, more of a boner than you anyway" I said, quite boldly, looking at his penis which had softened again into a curl in his pubes.

"I guess Isabella might make a difference" he shrugged and smiled, but still had his eyes on my erection as it shook slightly while I shuffled the cards.

"The next forfeit is to make yourself hard," I said. "Twist".

It was strange, but the fact of my erection, the sheer blatant obviousness of it was giving me confidence. That and Paul's also obvious fascination with it. The confidence bled into the next game which I won with a spot-on 21.

Paul suddenly seemed a little anxious. He reached for his beer and found it empty.

"Another one?" he said, getting up, glancing at my proud cock.

"Yes, you're time wasting though" I said.

"Nah, fair's fair, you can't welch on a forfeit" he said as he got out two more beers and came back to the beds. He sat down facing me, bottom on the edge of the bed, legs slightly apart, his penis hanging between. His chest looked broad and brown, the nipples seemed to be distinct, suggesting he was getting aroused too. "So?" he said.

"Make yourself hard, yes".

"Um, how, I mean..."

"Close your eyes and think about Isabella," I said.

"Good idea". He closed his eyes, smiling. "Oh, that bikini..."

"Those breasts", I said.

"That arse."

"That arse."

We both laughed and he opened his eyes. He looked down at his still soft cock.

"You can help yourself out a bit, mate, I don't mind," I said, my penis twitching a little.

Paul looked at me, my penis, and seemed to sense my enjoyment of the situation, of having achieved this striking erection. He cupped his four fingers under his penis, and lifted it gently, his thumb brushing over the top. His foreskin was bunched at the tip, but the skin began to tighten as he stroked some more, the head of his penis growing. The shaft began to harden, quite quickly now, beginning to support itself, and I could see the veins gain definition. His fingers now looked smaller against the hardening cock, until it stood free, casting a shadow on his thigh. His cock was perhaps shorter than mine, but fuller in girth. I stared at it, transfixed. I had always liked my own penis, but had the usual male thing of recoiling from thinking of other male members, I paid little attention to them if I watched porn. But this was my best friend Paul. And this was his cock, hard in front of me. I was a bit proud for him, of it. It was not in the slightest way unattractive.

A questioning look from him, his forehead a little shiny. Despite the evening breeze it was warm in the room.

"That's a nice cock...sorry...nice is the wrong word", I said. "Actually, that's all wrong to say."

He shrugged, we were equal in our arousal now.

"I reckon Isabella would like it" I said.

"She'd find it hard to choose I reckon."

"She'll find it hard alright."

We both laughed again. "Good work on that forfeit."

"Just wait for the next one," he said. We were both giggling, getting a little giddy with arousal and intrigue, with the game, with the night.

I lost the next game, but was actually pleased, I wanted to see what he would suggest.

"So?" I said, as he placed the cards next to me for the next go after my forfeit.

"Um, I dunno," he said, hovering near my jutting penis, before sitting back on his own bed. "I guess, well I had to make myself hard, you have to make yourself harder." He sniggered.

"Ah, ok..." I said. I touched my fingers against my shaft, swaying my cock slightly. "See, I'm pretty hard I reckon already."

"Put a bit of effort in!" laughed Paul, glugging from his bottle.

My fingers curled to grip my cock more firmly, foreskin stretching a little. I was actually getting harder if that was possible. "You just want to see my wanking technique right?"

"Ha, ha, that's it mate, I bet you're an expert wanker!"

"Thanks!" I looked down at my hand as it tugged more, going from touching to starting to properly masturbate myself. It didn't seem such a big step, there was a feeling of just mucking about in the air. "I guess I've been thinking about knocking one out for Isabella for a few days."

"Me too," said Paul

"Didn't you do one in the shower yesterday?" I said, hand still rubbing my foreskin up and down ever so slightly.

Paul gasped, "what, you heard that?"

"Sure did."

He shook his head, "bloody thin walls."

"Good one was it?"

He nodded, watching me. A sudden silence descended. Talking about wanking, while I was actually touching myself in front of him, meant we both realised there was a good chance we both might come, and that it would be in front of each other. I'm not going to lie, I felt amazingly turned on by the idea, and judging by the glisten of Paul's cock, he did too.

"How long have I got to do this?" I said, not stopping my hand rising and falling.

Paul watched for a moment, and then said, "ok, let's do another hand".

I dramatically added my left hand to my cock and did a comedy double-handed wank, making a bit of pre-cum ooze over my fingers. "Like this?"

"Very funny, come on twist!"

"Like this?" I said inevitably, caught up again in the tomfoolery of it, twisting both hands round my shaft. I felt my body tingle as it knows it's starting down the road towards orgasm with decreasing chances of averting it.

"Let me pick a card, you idiot" said Paul.

I stopped manhandling myself, and picked up the top card and placed in on the head of my upright cock. It balanced there, I felt its slight coldness squash on the wet tip.

Paul couldn't help laughing. Nor could I and the card shook as my penis wobbled. He leant over and with thumb and forefinger lifted the card off, his forefinger ever so slightly brushing my foreskin, and I knew what forfeit I would suggest if I won. Paul looked at the underside of the card, where a smear of my moisture sat in the centre.

"Ahh, look what you've done," he rubbed the card on the sheet. I took a card, and when he said "twist", put the next card on my penis again. He sighed, leant forward and flipped it off, my penis twitching, as I saw how close his fingers were. I played again, and he sat looking at his cards.

"Ok, this is silly, but twist..." he said, eyes on my cock.

I put the next card back in the same place, but balancing seemed trickier as I was shifting about a bit, a tremor in my cock and balls. He took the card carefully, turned it over and closed his eyes, "oh shit, bust."

I smiled at him, as he mock crashed on the bed, his penis bouncing between his legs, the white curve of his hip flashing as he rolled about. "I'm too drunk to play this game!"

"Bad luck, that's all," I said.

He sat up and looked at me. "What have I got to do then?"

"Show me a bit of your technique..." I said, watching his face relax a little, "but..."

"But what?"

"You've got to show it on me." There I had said it, I had vocalised what I'd been feeling for a while now, I wanted Paul, my best friend, to touch my cock.

He looked a bit stunned, despite the alcohol which had softened our inhibitions, and despite the still strong stiff cock of his which told of his enjoyment of our game.
