 I'm living with 2 hot Aussie guys under 25yo and for 3 days I haven't gotten any. Well not last night...

No it wasn't Will (Will is my new roommate - Will is 18 - fucking hot and so far it seems as if he is totally straight although I might get him) - it was Dean (my mate who is staying with me for a couple of days before he moves to a ski resort just south of here). I know I have been a bit lazy and I haven't mentioned Dean much - but honestly I didn't think much of it. I met Dean here at the end of last season and we rode a bit together. Few nights on the grog and nothing much more. He emailed me about a month ago and said he was heading back over here (he went back to uni in Perth) for the winter and had a couple of weeks to kill so why not ski his old town.

Dean has dark hair and is a good 6 foot 4 (bit taller than me) and he is kinda quiet. I never thought anything would happen with Dean at all.

So here is how it happened. We were in my room (Will who shares my room was out at some staff thing) and Dean wanted to watch some porn. I do have some lesbian porn on my laptop so opened it up and left Dean to it. At some point I left the room and when I came back I caught Dean rubbing himself. He was a little embarrassed but didn't mind too much as he complimented me on my lesbian porn (as if I care about lesbian porn). I passed it off and said that since arriving in town I had been super horny.

Then I had an idea. But this is evil... hehehe.

I told Dean that I knew a chick (he actually knew her as well from last year) who has a reputation as being 'easy'. Anyways I explained to Dean that I reckon she'd be up for some fun with 2 Aussie guys. He sounded keen (might have been that we had been drinking for a couple of hours as well). So then I did the evil thing - I went out into the lounge and 'pretended' to call Jen (the 'easy' girl). I don't even know this chicks number or where she lives this year. Hehehe. Ain't I evil!!

Returning to my room I told Dean all was good and that Jen would be coming around in about an hour. Lots of high fives and "Ow Yeahs!!" Jen was 'going' to meet us at the hot tub and now I had an hour to figure out how to get Dean into some speedos. By now saying that I am horny is an understatement.

An hour passed and I jumped up off the couch in my room and started to ge ready for the 'hot tub with Jen'. I opened my top drawer (the one with all my speedos and Aussiebums) and I pulled out my AussieBum Portsea's and waved them at Dean asking "Do you think Jen will like these mate?"

"You serious?" replied Dean chuckling a little bit.

"Why not? I reckon she'll love it us 2 Aussie's wearing our DT's." (DT's stands for dick togs).

That put Dean on the back foot and he stopped giggling. "I haven't had a pair of them since I left school."

Thank God that I love speedos so much and I have a few 'extra' pairs - hehehe. I pulled out my AussieBum Bronco's (pictured on the right here) and threw them at Dean "These will do you mate."

Dean had a good hard look at them (they nice and tight on me - maybe even too tight - but Dean is a little slimmer than I am so I thought they would be perfect. What I didn't expect was the size of Dean cock - that made them look AMAZING!!

I didn't really wait for a response from Dean I just stripped down and got into my speedos.

As I was now naked except for my speedos Dean realised that I was dead serious. I thought that Jen (the chick who would put out for anyone) would love seeing 2 under 25yo aussie guys in speedos. With that Dean was up and headed to my ensuite to change into those AussieBum Bronco's.

Then he appeared...

Dean - 6 foot 4 Aussie guy in a Canadian ski resort condo wearing nothing but a pair of AussieBum Broncos. This is what I imagine heaven to be.

I could tell he wasn't 100% confident wearing them infront of me but I think the alcohol was working and Dean sat down on the bed in them and didn't try and cover up. Dean just started up on how we would root the infamous 'Jen'. From there the conversation moved to condoms where we compared each of our collections (I LOVE RIBBED CONDOMS). We ended up figuring out that with each of us cumming 3 times we'd need 6 condoms plus a couple of extra - hehehehe.

I looked at my watch and all of a sudden - it is time to go see Jen.

I put on a pair of shorts and grabbed a towel - Dean did the same. I could see the back of his speedos above his board shorts - ow man this was going to be good. We grabbed a bottle of wiskey, bottle of coke and a bucket of ice - Dean asked what Jen would drink so I assured him by bringing a spare glass (which wouldn't be used... because Jen wasn't coming/cumming).

We made out way upstairs to the hot tub (which is on a patio so it is upstairs but it in oudoors as such). Now this time of year the complex which I stay at is like 10% full if that. And of the 10% most of them are old people who own and live at their condo during the winter and forget about it during the summer. And there are 5 hot tubs like this so at this time of year the chances are that the hot tub will be all ours. And the locks auto lock at 10pm - we got in at 9:55pm - or we just get a ladder.

So Dean and I head up to the hot tub. Thankfully (and expectedly - is that even a word?) nobody is there.

I pretend nothing is unusual and strip off my board shorts and jump into the hot tub. Dean didn't hesitiate for long but it was long enuf that I was in the hot tub as he slid down his board shorts - man what a sight!!

There is just something about straight guys in speedos - they don't shave their legs so you get that bit on their thighs that has no hair from their business slacks (slacks is like long suit trousers) and then there is the pubic hair poking out of their speedos. That was Dean in a nut shell - absolute str8 guy wearing speedos (and they were my aussiebum broncos!!).

So the two of use are now in the hot tub - we are both semi-hard and I'm the only one who knows that Jen isn't cumming - hehehehe. Keeping the mood alive I start the conversation up on threesomes (I've had a couple).

Dean hasn't had any threesome's he tells me. I've gotta keep the mood going so I tell him about my mmf threesome with Brad and his girlfriend. The story takes me more than half an hour to tell and I'm now fully hard!! And I notice that Deans hand is obviously rubbing pretty hard too. The 'easy' chick Jen hasn't rocked up yet but I think Dean has forgotten about her after I've told him about me sucking off another guy.

Time or an interlude - I can't sit in a hot - hottub for that long. Might be the reason I like winters, might also be the reason why I can't sit on a beach or that long without going into the water. As I finish this very erotic story I'm way too hot so I slide out of the hot tub (my major major hardon now showing through my AussieBum Coolabah's). I'm sitting on the edge of the hottub (it is like minus 20 celcius) but I'm sooooo hot. And I'm kinda keen to show Dean my hardon. And then the party starts...

Don't worry guys this is just a pause. I'm going to keep writing but those who visit my blog. They'll wait another couple of days.

But I'm not stopping...

I'm now sitting on the side of the hottub in my AussieBum Portsea's and my now full on erection is fully visible to Dean. I keep talking about my threesome with Brad and his girlfriend - keeps me hard and I know that Dean is hard. For those that haven't read my story about Brad and his girlfriend (I'm putting the entire thing up tomorrow in the members area) I ended up sucking off Brad infront of his girlfriend - actually I sucked him off as I fucked his girlfriend. I stressed the me sucking off Brad - kinda of an odd thing saying that to a straight guy but he took it ok.

Time to make a move...

I've had that much alcohol I don't mind asking Dean if he has even been sucked off by a guy... His answer is "No." But it isn't a negative no. After my story I did kind of talk up my blowjob skills.

Then, like on cue, Dean was obviously too hot from the hottub and decided to site on the edge of the hottub. He was wearing my AussieBums and he was now very very hard and I'm not sure how his cock was held in - it was staining. Now was my time to move... 

In motion I slid down towards Deans cock and at the same time asked him if he'd mind me 'helping him out with that.'

Dean's only response was to throw his head back as I pulled those AussieBum Broncos aside to reveal his cock. There was absolutely no resistance from Dean at all (being a srtr8 guy I thought I would have to work it even more but by the looks of it sharing the experience of my threesome with Brad was enuf). I then sucked for all my life - it has been a while since my last cock guys.

It wasn't long and I could feel Dean getting close - and I hadn't even begun to play with his arsehole - which is normally my way to make a guy cum If I was going to get Dean into getting me off then I had to stop - which I did.

"OK mate - your turn." I said as I sat up on the side of the hot tub. At the same time I pulled across my AussieBum Coolabah's to reveal my shaved cut superhard cock.

Dean didn't need to be asked twice - he dropped to his kneed for his first ever cock suck. He was a bit rough but after I told him to play with my arsehole ( ow many I love that) it was pretty good. I came in Dean's mouth with some warning and he seemed happy to swallow it all (and guys I had a HUGE LOAD).

Then I sat Dean up on the edge of the hottub and sucked him like there was on tomorrow. He lasted surprisingly long (even with my fingers playing with his arse). But when he finally came I sucked it all down (I wasn't going to be shown up by a str8 boy).

I tucked Dean back into his AussieBum Broncos (man they look hot) and crossed to the other side of the hottub (not I had a major boner). I asked Dean if he would mind I'd I wacked off in front of him - no complaints there. I started nice and slow - and then Dean's semi hard cock came to live and he and I started wanking to the same beat. I came a bit before him but I really enjoyed the show he gave me after I came as Dean came all over my AussieBum Bronco's.

Well guys that is it - my first cock in Canada and it was an Aussie guy.