 When I woke in the morning and looked across at Paul's bed, it was empty. I heard the shower running. My stomach clenched nervously as I remembered last night. I looked down to the floor between our beds and saw a dried stain of cum – both our cum lying on the tiles where it had fallen as we'd wanked together. What if he still hated me for what had happened?

I lay still in bed, pretending to be asleep as I heard the shower stop and Paul get out. Moments later he came into the room and sat down noisily on his bed. I opened my eyes and saw him sitting there, towel round his waist, chest shining with water.

"Alright?" he said, a smile playing round his lips. I felt relief wash over me.

"Yeah, not too bad, bit of a headache..." I murmured. "How about you?"

"Good mate," he paused, looking round at the window where sunlight was splashing through the thin curtains. "That was...um... a pretty wild night..." He looked back at me.

"Yeah..." I think I was blushing, and crazily felt my cock begin to harden.

"Think we need to hit the bars hard tonight, we need girls!" He laughed, a nervousness in his voice. He took a deep breath as if he were about to say something, then paused, shrugged and stood up, "come on, get up, let's top up the tan for the ladies".

And that was that. It seemed he wasn't put out, but didn't want to talk about it. I guessed it was fine with me, but what was that cock of mine thinking, getting hard again? Did I really want something like what happened last night to happen again? I put the thought out of my mind and so the day began.

The day ended like the first with us once again failing to pull any girls. We both made some progress, with some cheeky banter with a couple of girls from London, but to be honest they seemed a bit high maintenance, demanding expensive cocktails, and seemed to laugh off any idea of even a kiss in return. We gave up around 1am and headed back to the apartment.

Inside it was warm and we both stripped to our underwear as we took turns to brush teeth and guzzle water to counter the beer. I went back into the main room and Paul was sat on his bed.

"You alright mate?" I asked, sitting down on my own bed.

"Oh yeah, just wondering when we'll get lucky, there's not many nights left".

"It'll happen, bound to, good looking guys like us."

Paul looked over and laughed.

"Seriously man, we've got what they want" I joshed.

"What's that then?

"Big dicks!" Was I subconsciously turning the conversation that way again? It seemed a little to me that there was a slight tension in the air. Here we were sat again at the scene of our wankfest of last night, I guessed we both must have been thinking about it, even if it were actually a little blurry, the drink having smudged the edges of my memory. I remembered the feverish desire to grasp and pull at our cocks though.

"Well, of course," laughed Paul.

We fell into silence. After a while Paul sighed and said, "you know I might just go the bathroom, watch a bit of porn on my phone and have a wank if that's alright mate."

"Yeah?"

"Yeah, no point pretending, I think I just want to knock one out and call it a night."

I looked at him, my mind suddenly filled with the image of him working that stubby cock of his, splattering his chest with his cum.

"I wouldn't mind seeing a bit of that there porn..." I said.

"Oh sure, you can have a go after me if you like."

"Oh come on, just get it out, let's watch it together or we'll never get to sleep" I said.

"Get it out...?" he looked suddenly worried.

"Your phone you idiot" I laughed at him.

He stopped to think for a moment, and I pushed on, "Look go into the other room to finish yourself off if you like, but we might as well start off watching together. Come on, we ain't got no secrets really..." I said the last bit in an odd strangled accent. I was nervous, excitable, a warm mist clouding my head and seeming to make me want to push to see how far this would go. Was it just the appeal of a bit of porn or a bit of Paul?

"OK, I guess," he said, and sat back on his bed against his pillows, picking up his phone. I looked at his narrow bed and then stood up, walked round mine and began to push it closer over the tiles.

"What are you doing?" said Paul.

"I want to see your phone without stretching over," I replied. He shrugged, and picked up his pillows to lay against headboard of his bed. He then sat down, legs out in front of him, holding his phone in his lap.

"Thanks for your help," I said sarcastically, pushing my bed with effort, the top end first, then the bottom, till we had a makeshift double bed situation. Paul watched with amusement.

I plumped my pillows and fell down beside him, exaggerating my exertions.

"Fuck, mate, are you ready now?" said Paul, tapping on his phone to call up his Google app.

"Yep, ready". I shifted so I could lean closer to him to see the screen. We were both bare chested, in tight underwear shorts, legs stretched down on respective beds. I looked briefly at Paul's flat stomach, the hair of his abdomen pushed down by the waistband of his shorts. I could smell his aftershave and a slight tang of sweat. My cock was lazily beginning to stretch in my own shorts. "What are we going to watch?" I said.

"Dunno, Pornhub I guess."

"Oh yeah, sure, but what?"

"Something with sexy women" Paul said quickly. Shit, I thought, does he think I wanted something else – something gay?

"Deffo, how about some lesbian action?"

Paul's phone brought up the black screen of PornHub, the images of the videos flashing pink. I said: "I know a decent video..."

"Oh yeah?" he smirked at me. But I liked the lack of judgement, we were both young lads, we both knew the score with porn, how you found your favourites, your go-to videos.

"Put in 'lesbians and homework'" I said. Paul laughed, slightly shaking his head, but typing quickly. He seemed keen to move this on. As the search brought up the list, I pointed to the right one and he hit play.

Now this video I had chanced upon some time ago, it featured two young girls studying together, in tight shirts and shorts, and of course things develop. What I liked about it was the naturalness of the girls and unusually for porn, the talking between them. The dark haired girl in the video playfully seduces her friend in a way that's believable, as if it was real. It was extremely arousing but it struck me as we watched the two girl friends, maybe I was trying to show Paul what friends could do.

We watched as the dark haired girl first gave her friend a massage, the latter reluctantly taking off top and shorts, down to her tiny pink g-string. The tight round arse drew approval from Paul, and I looked at his shorts noticing a slight bulge. The massage progressed, with the girl putting oil on her hands, and then after much back and forth and giggling resistance, they removed the pink thong.

"She's persistent, this girl," said Paul, shifting slightly. He was holding his phone almost as if to hide his growing erection. A flush of redness was growing over the top of his chest and neck and cheeks. It was warm in the room from the Greek air and from our porn-inspired arousal. In the video one girl's hands worked at the arse cheeks of the other, flashing the dark crease between them. As the girls inhibitions seemed to fall away, the dark haired girl got bolder, asking to taste her friend's pussy, and the innocence of the playful massage turned into a more traditional lesbian sex scene. As the kissing and fingering got more frantic, neither Paul nor I could hide our erections any longer. Our shorts were both tented by our pushed up penises. I let my hand slide down to mine and carefully stroked the bulge in my shorts. Paul's eyes noticed, he seemed to ponder this and, as the girls moaned on screen, did the same. His right hand held his phone, his left brushed the defined shaft of his cock under his shorts. The phone trembled slightly in his hand.

I cleared my thought, breath thick, "do you want me to hold it?"

"What?" he looked a little shocked.

"Your phone!" I laughed, replaying the same joke from earlier. But then boldness took over me, "but hey I don't mind..." And I left my own cock to reach over to his groin. I cupped the roundness of his balls under the fabric and stroked upwards, pushing Paul's hand out the way to curl my own round his cock. Looking down I saw a slight damp spot in his shorts at the peak of the bulge.

"Really?" murmured Paul.

"Come on, you're not gonna go into the bathroom, it's easier to do it here..." I said, my hand reaching his waistband, my thumb prising it up from his abdomen. I could feel the heat from his cock drift out.

"Yeah, but you wanking me, I dunno".

"Hey, I'm just curious mate," I was blushing, but like the girl, persistent. "Bored of me own cock, aren't I..."

"Ah god, this is bad...again," but his hand didn't come back to stop me.

"I've got an idea," I said.

"Your ideas are terrible," replied Paul – he wasn't watching his phone, he was watching my hand lifting his shorts so that the tip of his cock was exposed, glistening, foreskin skewed slightly by the fabric.

"Look up some point of view vids," I said, "of some hottie giving a handjob... and then watch and it'll be like she's doing it to you."

"Ok, yeah, right," he sighed, but was tapping into Pornhub. 

"Got one?" I said

"Give me a chance...there's load's to choose from..."

I glanced down at his phone, watching the screen flicker. Paul seemed indecisive.

"That one will do," I said. "She looks a little like Isabella..."

He smiled at the mention of the beautiful girl from our pool, who in our imaginations would succumb to us by the end of the holiday.

"Ok, ok".

I shifted up on the bed and grasped his boxers and pulled them down his legs. His cock flopped to one side, slightly flaccid now, the faffing with his phone having distracted him. He moved his legs a bit to allow me to fully take off his shorts, as he did so, sliding down the pillows, so he was almost flat on his back, just his shoulders raised, neck bent to view his phone. He looked if anything, a little vulnerable there, fully naked, the brownish coloured, almost flaccid cock exposed. I was knelt by his side, my own cock straining my shorts. As the video started on his phone, the sound of heels clicking on a floor, I reached down to his penis and gently caressed the shaft.

"Do you want to watch this?" said Paul, flashing me the screen so I could see a woman in lingerie in heels beginning to bend in front of a semi hard cock.

I continued to run my fingers over his penis, "Nah, it's ok, pretend I'm not here...but let me know what she does."

"Pretty much what you're doing actually," Paul said, smiling, his cock hardening as he relaxed a little. Had my 'curiosity' rationale really convinced him this was ok? My hand grasped him and began to pull his foreskin taut, then released, his cock swelling into my grip.

"Yep...she's working it," said Paul, eyes fixed on the phone.

"Fast?" I said quietly, marvelling at how hard he felt, looking at his how his balls had tightened.

"No, slowish..."

"Like this?" My hand went to a rolling, stroking motion on his cock. Paul sighed and I noticed his chest rise and fall.

"Yeah..."

There was a low murmur of voices from his phone, as I knelt there carefully rubbing my friend's penis. It seemed the most natural thing in the world. I was hot with the experience, the sheer audacity of having Paul there naked, his cock hard because of me. Well, maybe me and the porn. I could hear the man on the video was moaning.

"The guy seems to be enjoying it," I said.

"Yeah, she is pretty hot, nice tits..."

"She...er...working his cock well?" I asked, my hand curling a little higher on his penis, gently stimulating the head of his cock, how I liked to do to myself. There was a pearl of liquid pooling in his foreskin, smearing when I pulled down, coalescing when I pushed up.

"Yeah," and he sighed, "she's doing well."

We both looked at each other and smiled, somewhat shyly, acknowledging the situation, acknowledging the taboo pleasure this room was witnessing.

"Ah ok," said Paul.

"What?"

"Well..."

"Tell me..."

He glanced at me. "She's pulled his foreskin back..."

I smiled, "sure that could be interesting." My hand on his penis tightened and began to draw down his foreskin. His glans was gleaming wetly, and with ease his foreskin slid back. He seemed as naked as he could be, the redness of his cock exposed.

"Is that ok?" I said, having noticed him briefly close his eyes.

"Yeah, phew...I guess...I'm trying to remember it's not you, it's this beauty..." He nodded at his phone.

I laughed, "I'll shut up."

He laughed too, hips rocking, cock shaking in my hand. I held my hand round his shaft, only moving slightly. Then Paul gasped lightly, eyes widening at the phone. I carried on holding him, saying nothing. The man on the video moaned, there was a wet slurping sound. I could guess what was happening, and Paul's surprised, embarrassed face confirmed it. I looked down at the shiny bulb of his cock in my fist. I began to lean down.

"Er, you're not..."

I stuck out my tongue and quickly but firmly licked the underside of his cock, flicking my tongue up over the line of skin, over the bumps of his glans. As I drew my tongue back in mouth I tasted ever so slightly the salty, musky moisture of his penis. My nose caught the sweaty warmth of his crotch, a slightly stale smell, but not unpleasant at all. It smelt of the intimacy of the moment, the closeness of my face to his most private part.

"Oh, you are..." said Paul, eyes transfixed, as I bobbed down again, tongue slapping under his cock, licking him like a large round lollipop. His cock twitched noticeably.

"Oh fuck, you really are..." said Paul, "I can't believe you really are..." I licked again. "...doing that..."

My hand held his penis straight up, the head now slick with his pre-cum and my saliva. It looked invitingly red and wet, a rock hard cock needing attention. My heart was beating fast, I could feel it pounding in my chest. My own cock had leaked a wide wet patch on my underwear. I could taste Paul's cock juices in my mouth, and wanted to taste more.

In the pause, Paul spoke, "mate, this is too far..." He began to move to sit up. I dropped my hand from his cock and put it on his stomach, holding him down gently.

"What did it feel like?" I said, huskily, mouth clicking with saliva.

Paul looked torn, indecisive. "Well..."

"Was it good?"

"I guess..."

"Has a girl done that to you before?" My hand was trailing back towards his cock, brushing his balls and then grasping his shaft, lifting the head towards me again.

"No...but..." I could feel the throb of his cock. My head dropped and I pushed out my tongue to his penis again, squashing fully against him. My hand held him tight, pushing him back so my tongue and his cock slid and rolled together. I heard Paul moan, and raising my eyes, mouth wide, tongue slithering over his glans, I saw him lean back his head closing his eyes. There, I realised, I had him. I was licking my friend's cock and he was loving it. I watched the rise and fall of his chest, his arms by his side, his phone still grasped in his hand, a flickering obscured screen of pinkness just of my sight, and I opened my whole mouth, stretching my lips to envelope the head of his penis. 

"Ohhh, fuuuck..." he gasped.

His cock filled my mouth, pushing my tongue down. I felt the back of my throat stretch, how could I hold this in my mouth. I came off him with a slurp.

Paul opened his eyes and glared at me, almost angry. Angry at what I was doing or angry at how I was making him feel I wasn't sure. I wanked him suddenly as if to get back at him. His cock jerked in my hand, saliva lubricating my fist, pre-cum and spit spattering.

"More?" I said, mouth opening above his cock.

"Uh..." He closed his eyes.

"More?" I said again.

"Uh...yes...yes..."

My mouth descended, the shiny globe of his glans sliding in. I sucked in my cheeks to vacuum my mouth over his cock. I pulled hard on his shaft, and roved my mouth around, keeping him inside, swirling my tongue in the tight gap between mouth and cock. I wasn't sure I could keep it up long, I could hardly breathe. I heard the phone clatter to the floor. Paul began to lift his hips to push his cock into my mouth, his hands were pressed to his side to help him thrust. At first it was slow, tentative, then faster. I clamped my mouth to him, feeling his shaft slide back and forth between my lips. As he jerked his hips the head of his penis bumped the back of my mouth, making me wince, making me almost choke on him. His cock took on enormous proportions in this way, invading my mouth like a piston. I pulled back, releasing him with a slurping sound.

"Ah!" He gasped, his hips still thrusting, his cock waving below me. He opened his eyes and looked at me, almost pleading, his face red with emotion.

I placed my hands either side of him, lifted my leg over his thigh so I sat astride his leg. The wet tent of my underwear rested on him, dripping onto the hair on his legs, smearing it flat. I took a deep breath, squelched my cheeks to generate a wash of saliva, and dropped my mouth to him, using lips and tongue to manoeuvre his cock into my mouth, holding him upright with my mouth and sliding up and down, up and down, my spit running over his hot skin. I felt like an animal ravaging his cock, a machine dedicated to rubbing that cock as hard and as fast as I could. Paul was gasping, his body shaking below me. I was beginning to tire, struggling to breathe with his cock filling my throat. I began to pull off again, but Paul's hands quickly came up to grasp the top of my head. He held me down as he pushed up towards me. He was driving his cock in and out of my mouth furiously now, I was trying to move off, gagging, but he continued, fucking my mouth. The sounds of my lips squelching round his shaft mingled with his grunts and the creak of the bed. The heat in the room, the heat of his cock was overwhelming. I tried to speak, to call out but his cock pinned my tongue to the floor of my mouth.

"Oh fuuuccck!" I heard him cry. There was a wash of liquid over my tongue, so quick and swift and then my lips felt his cock pulse and his spunk fully exploded against the back of my throat. Jerk after jerk pumped the warm, wet semen into me, his hands still holding me on him. I felt my head was rolling, my throat filling with his cum, I was almost fainting. His cum slid down my throat thickly, in globs of warm wetness. Finally with a sigh he released his hands and I lifted my head, his cock plopped out of my mouth, trailing cum over my lip and chin.

I was gasping too, swallowing hard, the sheer pungency of his semen filling my mouth and nostrils. 

Paul lay back, eyes closed, breathing hard.

"Shit mate..." I said. "I couldn't fucking breathe!"

He groaned, as if he couldn't speak.

I wiped my chin, feeling the wet dribbles of cum. "You certainly got over your inhibitions..." The reality of what I'd done was sinking in, but instead of feeling embarrassed, horrified even, I felt turned on. The sheer power of what I'd been able to do – and his cock lying spent in his groin, gleaming with his cum and my spit was evidence of that – was amazing.

Paul looked at me, smiling wryly. "Ah... yes...sorry... I mean..."

"Yeah?"

"I may have got carried away there..."

"No shit."

"Sorry..." he sighed.

I sniggered. "It's ok..." I pushed my erection against his thigh. "Maybe...maybe you could return the favour..." Just me thinking about that was getting me super hard. I rubbed myself against him.

"Ah mate... I'm...I'm just..." He looked worried. "I'm all out..."
