 I was standing at the window of my bedroom on the 2nd floor of the house watching Mr. Colton next door work in his yard. He's never been very friendly, and as a kid, I was pretty scared of him as he was always gruff and growled at me and everyone else who came near his home and yard. God forbid my bike tire accidentally slip off the sidewalk and damage a single blade of his precious grass! I was home from college and was seeing Mr. Colton in a totally different light. He has a tight, hairy well-built body. After doing his yard work he had stripped off his shorts and was having a cold beer in his boxer briefs and t-shirt. Even from the distance, I could make out a pretty damn big cock in sweat-soaked gray underwear. I started to move away when he slid his hand down over his tight belly and as he moved it up again his shirt followed and exposed his tight hairy belly. Then he slid it down again and ran it over the big bulge in is briefs. It was at that moment that I realized I was rock hard!

Now, I'd never been attracted to guys. It just didn't register with me. But the third day of college my roommate and I had been drinking, and then another guy in the dorm stopped by to get to know us and we all got stoned.

He was just making the rounds getting to know people and left soon afterward. Sam and I were buzzed and both horny. He said it kind of jokingly but told me that if I would suck his cock he'd suck mine first. I laughed at him at first, but the third time he brought it up, I slid down my shorts and underwear and showed him my hard 6 incher and he smiled and bent over and took the head in his mouth. In under two minutes, I was blasting my load in his mouth, and it was amazing.

As I recuperated from one if the hottest load blows I'd ever had, I realized that now I had to suck his cock. We are of similar build, both trim and slim, but he is smoother than I am and had shaved balls and a tightly trimmed bush. His cock was similar in size and shape to mine but looked a little bigger since he was lacking almost any pubic hair.

I explained that I had never done anything like this and he told me I'd be fine and he had only done it with a buddy twice before. So I took a deep breath, leaned over and slowly took the throbbing head into my mouth. I realize now that I wasn't very good at all, but it was enough for him, and like me, in under five minutes he shot his hot thick load into my mouth! I didn't think I'd like it, but I didn't hate the taste, it was more that I didn't like the idea of a guy shooting a load in my mouth, what I did "really" like was the taste of his salty/sweet precum!

It wasn't mentioned again for about two weeks. We both went on doing our thing, dating girls and fucking a few. One night about two weeks later we came in from partying and were laying on our beds in our underwear just chatting when kind of out of a clear blue sky Sam said, "you horny?"

I hesitated because I knew what was coming and finally said, "Yeah."

With that, Sam got off his bed, slipped off his briefs and walked to my bed totally hard. He moved his cock to my face, and I thought it might be better sucking first and cumming second. So I opened my mouth and took in the head. Sam said, "I want to try to make this last longer, maybe we can practice and get a bit better, it could be hot!"

He repositioned on the bed and told me he had been watching gay porn and learning better ways to have oral sex. I laid between his spread legs and he instructed me on licking his shaft, head, and balls and then back again.

He got all excited and then took a turn at my cock, teasing and easing me near orgasm and then stopped and offered me his cock again. We went at it for about 30 minutes before we shot the first time, we took a break, smoked a bong and went at it again.

After that our frequency increased and we were blowing each other almost every day, and sometimes more than once. Trying 69 was hot and we both just got better and better at it. What amazed me, even more, was that in a 69 position I was staring at Sam's butthole, and it looked kind of hot, but I didn't dare do anything about it for two reasons. First off, even with Sam's cock in my mouth, I was afraid he'd think I was gay, and second, I didn't think I wanted him doing anything to my butthole!

We continued dating girls and occasionally having sex with them, but now the pressure of needing to cum was off, and neither of us hardly masturbated, we'd just get the other one to blow us. One night we even watched some gay porn because he thought we should both learn to deep throat. That took some time and some gagging, but late one stoned/drunk night we both accomplished it even though there was a lot of gagging involved. That was six months ago!

Now I'd been home a week, and even though I'd had a hot scene in the back of my car with a girl named Allison, I was horny for some cocksucking, mine and Sam's. Even though he lived a couple of hours away, I was thinking about asking my parents if could come stay a few days. As that thought went through my head, I saw Mr. Colton grab his big, now totally boned cock and shake it a few times and then suddenly he pointed directly at my window and then took that same finger and curled it into a signal motioning me to come to him.

I was so scared I almost peed! I didn't know what to do, and before I could decide Mr. Colton pulled his big thick cock out shook it at me with one hand and with the other pushed his sunglasses above his eyebrows, stared directly at my window and nodded his head in a gesture that I knew meant he was summoning me.

I had learned a long time ago, not to ignore his commands, so I made my way through the house then went out to the yard and to the gate, that was almost never used, that connected his yard to ours. I walked over to the chaise lounge he was on and stood in front of him. I knew he could see my hard-on, and he said, "Well, so you are a little cocksucker now, I hear most of you guys in college are at least taking a try at it, well good for you and better for me, get down here between my legs if you want to suck this big hairy mother fucker!"

Well, I had pretty much blown any cover I may have had, he had caught me watching him, I had answered his beckoning, and arrived with a fully hard cock in my sweat shorts, so he "knew" I wanted to suck his cock!

"So lay down here on this lounge and get your face in there!"

He was sitting with his feet flat on the same part of the lounge I was laying, his knees, up and spread wide. I was amazed at not only the size of his cock but the hairiness of his crotch. He pushed the fat head of his cock toward my waiting mouth. I couldn't believe I was going to suck Mr. Colton's cock, and I couldn't believe I was going to suck a cock of that size.

Before my mouth made contact with his cock, he pulled it back a bit and said, "Little cocksuckers like you have to earn the privilege of sucking this massive cock!"

He saw the questioning look on my face and said, "Eat my ass first!"

Again he saw the questioning look on my face! "That's right, cocksucker, I know you've been drooling over this big cock since you came back from college, you left a jock and came home a bitch, so lick this hairy, sweaty asshole and maybe I'll let you suck a load out of this big hairy cock!"

I didn't move so he just gently placed his hand on the back of my head and determinedly push my face into his hairy, sweaty, smelly, crack and said, "Like it bitch!"

My tongue made contact with the smooth crinkled skin, surrounded by the sweaty, smelly, wiry, hair and I was in heaven, his scent was amazing! As I was following his instructions and doing my best to drill my pointed tongue into his hot smelly hole he reached down and slapped my ass hard and said, "Yeah cocksucker and by the end of this week I'll be pounding this virgin college boy hole every day, right after your parents leave for work!"