 I had a message on one of the gay sex sites from a 27-year-old Marine!

He described himself and said, he liked the picture of my butt. I'm a true vers, but hadn't been getting much bottom action in lately and decided to try something different. I removed all the pics and just posted an ass shot. I'm not young or buff but thought I'd try the picture for a week or so and see what happened. This was my first response to it.

"I like your butt, I could fuck it for hours. I have a huge cock and a hot sculpted U.S.M.C physique. I'm in a motel room alone, in your town and am looking for now or in the next hour."

I was really intrigued!

"To get me hard and ready to fuck, you must be able to give excellent head, but once it's hard it stays hard until I've shot two or three times. I'm only here for tonight, you must be discrete. I can't send a face pic, let me know as soon as possible!"

His stats reported him to be: 27 yrs old, 6'2", 174 lbs, ripped body, blond/blue, total top. 

I immediately responded. He told me the name of the motel he was staying and it's less than two miles from where I live. He texts me a picture of his cock and said, "Be here in an hour, douche deep I will probably get in deeper than you've had in a while, and I don't want a dirty mess or shit on my cock!"

I told him I'd be there and almost ran to the shower! The pic of his cock was amazing! It's long, thick with a bit of an upward curve that made me drool! I also knew that because of the thick head and upward curve I would have to deep throat him before he was totally hard or I'd never get it passed my gag reflex!

I was impeccably clean from using my shower shot, I belted down two shots of Jim Beam and headed out the door. I text him when I got to the parking lot of the motel and he sent me back the room number. I walked to the door and knocked and was almost knocked out by the beauty of this young stud!

He checked me out and said, "You look better than I expected! Now, no kissing or anything girlie, you suck my cock and I fuck, that's it, is that good by you?" I nodded in agreement and he let me in.

There was something very exciting about his statement, almost like I was being ordered! Now I'm a total vers and would like at sometime in my life to have a relationship with another man who is somewhat vers too, but until then I'm not turning down any hot Marines who are into getting serviced by me. Especially when they are as hot as this one and packing ten inches!

He sat on one of the two chairs and told me to get on my knees between his legs. I did as ordered and he pulled my face to his military issue boxer shorts. There was just a bit of manscent rising off of him as it was hot as hell outside and I knew he was excited. I could feel his meat in the shorts, and it was still totally soft, but huge. He rubbed his crotch on my face, then stood and removed the boxers.

The site in front of me was amazing! I've been lucky in the past few months to be with a couple of hot black men who are fairly well endowed, but they didn't hold a candle to this young white Marine's big meat! It was close to 6 inches totally soft and thick as fuck! He said, "No hands, just your mouth, you can touch me after it's hard!"

Now that I'd seen it up close and personal, I knew if there was any chance of me ever deep throating this massive meat that I was going to have to start the process of opening my throat with this thing before it was totally hard. I quickly dropped down, opened my mouth and took in the massive head.

He told me his name was Jake, although I didn't believe it and I was surprised when Jake filled me in on his situation. "I'm not into dudes! But, most chicks don't give head worth a damn, and none of them can take this in their butts so I use dudes for that. If you're good, and you can take this, we may do it again. I know this makes me kind of a perv, but I kind of like to know that it's hurting at least a bit, that turns me on all the fuck!"

That was good information for me if I decided I wanted a repeat performance. In a short period of time I had over half of his growing cock in my mouth. I wanted to get the head in my throat while it was still a bit spongy because he way it was growing I knew it would be near impossible with it rock hard.

I was working up a lot of juice in my mouth and his cock was leaking a good bit of precum that got things slick. I was taking his cock against my tonsils and getting used to its girth. I took a chance on pissing him off and wrapped my hand around the huge cock about three-quarters of the way down to try to force it into my throat before it got any thicker. When he figured out what I was doing he relaxed back into the chair and after about five more attempts I was able to wedge the fat head into my throat.

The only bad part about it was that squeezing it into my throat made it harden and thicken faster, so I quickly popped it in and out of my throat several times. "Holy fuck dude, you're deep throating it! No one has ever done that!"

I just nodded and slid out to the tip and then moved my head forward and didn't stop until my nose was nestled in his trimmed blonde bush. He moaned loud and I reversed the motion and then plunged back deep again. I did that several times and he was really getting into it. He touched me for the first time and grabbed my head to start fucking. I pulled off and said, "You ever throat fucked anyone?"

"Uhm no, but..."

"Let's get into a different position and I can take it a lot easier and a lot longer! Now, I'm going to tell you with a cock the size of yours my throat is going to get sloppy, but it makes it slick and better for you to skull fuck me, you good with that?"

"Yeah, I guess, slicker is better!"

I got up, peeled off my shirt and laid on the bed with my head hanging off. He stepped to me and slapped his big, now hard cock on my face, before I opened I said, "It really gets me into it, if you work my nipples, but it's okay if you're not into that."

He responded by pushing his cock into my mouth. At this angle, it was much easier for me and his cock now just slid into my throat on about the second stroke into my mouth.

I have never known why, but for some reason, nothing gets me harder than a big cock down my throat. I've been with men who could actually breathe while they are deep throating, but not me, so I kind of wonder if this is what it's like these guys who are into asphyxiation during sex. I take a deep breath and just hold it as long as I can while a big cock strokes in and out of my throat. After a while, I felt the throat juices flowing and I wondered how he would react. Some guys think it's really gross but some think it's really hot, I guess it's the knowledge that their big cocks are causing your throat to cum. If you've ever seen a "Gag the Fag" video you know what I'm talking about.

When the first load of what I call throat cum bubbled out the corners of my mouth with his cock still plunging in and out, he said, "Oh fuck!" I could tell it bothered him, but after about three more strokes he said, "Fuck that's slick, it feels fucking hot!"

I figured things were going to be okay then. He continued sliding in and out and the juices kept boiling out coating my face and dripping to the floor. At first, his big balls were banging off my eyebrows, but they were pulling up and soon were banging off my nose. This kid could fuck throat and he was loving it. He loved it so much that when I felt him grab ahold of both of my nipples and start working them, I thought I was going to shoot!

He throat fucked me for at least another five to ten minutes as the goo and juices kept running out, finally, he made a final thrust and held it deep until I struggled for breath! Then when he pulled out he said, "Time to fuck!"

He stepped back and looked at my face and laughed. I grabbed my shirt to wipe my face and he said, "NO! You look like a depraved slut, leave it, get on your hands and knees!"

I did as he said, and soon I felt the huge meat slap my ass! It was wet and slick with my throat juices, but I knew my hole was going to need more so I wipe some of the goo off my chin and slicked up my hole. "Yeah, get that cunt ready, you're about to get fucked, hard and deep!"

I spun around and grabbed my shorts and got the fresh bottle of poppers in the pocket. He looked at my face again and laughed, "You're going to go home looking like that, and I may add a load of cum to the mess later!"

I wiped more goo on my hole and pushed in two fingers, something told me he wasn't going to be gentle or give me time to get open, he already told me he liked it when it hurt! I took three deep hits from the brown bottle and put my head and chest down on the mattress and prepared myself for the onslaught!

He slid his cock up and down my crack couple of times and said, "Most of the dudes I've fucked have hairy holes, except one that was shaved, I didn't like the stubble, yours is almost smooth, that's hot!"

With that, his cock found my hole and he pushed in! I tried to prepare myself for the feeling of being ripped open, but he popped the head in and stopped. I had grunted but hadn't hollered and I didn't pull away. He pushed in another inch or so and stopped again. Then a couple more inches and he stopped.

He said, "Slick enough?"

I said, "It will never be slick enough for that monster cock!"

He pulled back out and I grabbed more dripping goo off my face and slicked my hole. He didn't immediately push in again, so I got more and wiped it on his cock. Then the fuck started. He slid in probably eight inches and I moaned. Fuck it felt good a lot more than it hurt. He backed out the head and slid back to the previous point. In about ten strokes it felt amazing! Soon he was fucking me fast with eight or so inches of his cock. He never pushed it all the way in and I was getting way into it.

I started to fuck back and he wouldn't let me, "You'll get the rest when I'm ready to give it."

So I just stayed still and let him do the wonderful thing he was doing. I was panting and loving every second of it. I only wished he could be twins so I could have him at both ends, but I was refused to keep fantasizing, I was in the moment and enjoying every stroke and nuance.

He had a lot of moves. He fucked fast and he fucked slow, he moved down and fucked at an up angle and worked me side to side, he moved up and drug the head across my prostate on every stroke. Finally, he moved up farther on me, got a high angle and was plunging in and out. It felt amazing and I was reveling in a false sense of security that this was a total pleasure fuck. All the feelings were amazing and I just wanted him to keep fucking me.

Soon he moved a bit higher so that when he stroked back in he was now pummeling my prostate. It amazed me that this younger man, with apparently only a bit of mansex experience knew exactly how to drive me totally fucking crazy. I had long since given up any pretense of working with him, moving my ass around or even squeezing his cock. It was so amazing I just totally relaxed and except for my ass in the air collapsed on the mattress.

Then it happened. He pulled all the way out. His cock was so hard, I heard slap his belly. He grabbed my hips and moved forward and slid his cock up my ass crack so it found my hole and he didn't have to aim his cock, he just hit his mark and plunged about three-quarters of the way back up into me! It was amazing, he did this over and over and I was relaxing more and more. Now my only fear was that I was so open, and he was plunging in and out, that I"d get full of air and some of it would escape and make loud farting noises. So I wasn't able to totally relax.

"That feel good dude, you like my big cock slamming your ass?"

"Oh fuck yeah stud!"

He fucked me like that for about five minutes, every stroke was totally out of my ass and then plunging back in, he hit me from different angles and was making my hole feel like a cavern. Almost every stroke banged my prostate and brought a grunt from me.

I could feel my cock drooling and I was just kind of in la-la land, I was loving every second of this an apparently so was Jake. I realized it when it happened, but I didn't connect it with anything. Jake took his left hand off my hip and placed it in the middle of my back just below my shoulder blades. I figured he did it for balance or that he was tired because he was leaning a lot of weight against me. Other than that I didn't think anything of it and the hot all the way out stroking continued.

Finally, on one fast stroke, I couldn't help it and my insides flexed and here came what I had been dreading a loud long burst of air escaped my hole making a wet nasty noise! Before I could say "I'm sorry!" Jake said, "There it is, that's the sound I've been working and waiting for!"

On the next stroke, Jake plunged his cock in, full tilt! Hitting me with two or three more inches than he'd been using before! I hollered, I bellowed and I jumped! "FUCK!"

He had been kind of nudging that spot way up inside, the inner ring as it's called, maybe its just the turn in the colon, I don't know what it is, but when you first hit it, it's a shock and hurts like fuck. If you're lucky after a while, it opens up, or whatever the fuck it does and then it feels fucking amazing!

As quickly as Jake hit it he was all the way back out again! And as quickly as he was out, he was back in and pounded it again. If he hadn't been holding me down I'd have been up but he was now leaning all 170 plus pounds right in the middle of my back and there was nowhere for me to go, and he was speeding up and fucking harder!

I was hollering with each thrust. Jake snickered evilly and said, "Well fag, either it will get better or it won't but I'm going to keep it up until I shoot, so you may as well get used to it!"

After about twenty more strokes of hollering each time his fat head tried to burst farther in me, I felt something let go inside, it opened or turned or something and soon I was only grunting and finally cooing. I didn't feel it coming, but felt my balls and prostate spasm and shoot my load into the sheets. I know I was making garble noises and couldn't make sense. It was almost as if I was going to pass out, and I honestly couldn't say if it was from pleasure or pain but it was fucking awesome, and awesome power fucking!

Jake hollered and shoved in harder than ever but this time held it deep! I was busy, panting, reeling, and trying to keep conscious as I felt his cock swell, jerk, and pulse as he emptied his big balls deep inside me!

He collapsed his sweaty muscled body on top of me and I flattened out on the bed. We both laid there panting as I felt his cock continue to jerk and lurch inside of me. "Yeah, still losing my ball juice up your cunt! That's so fucking hot!"

I thought so too, but couldn't respond. I just laid there trying to regain normal breathing. After a few minutes of feeling Jake's tight body against me and his sweat dripping off of him, he moved and started the long process of pulling his cock out of me. I was glad that he did it slowly and I got to feel every millimeter of if leaving my now sensitive ass. I moaned when it left that spot deep inside of me and that kind of restarted my orgasms.

I came out with a loud plop, and Jake slapped my ass hard and said, "Stay put, I gotta piss!"

Well the slap made me jerk and more air escaped my well-loosened hole and Jake just laughed at the sloppy noise as he walked to the bathroom. There was a mirror in front of me and I watched his amazing body and his amazing still almost hard cock, lead the way to the bathroom.

It was a few minutes and then I heard Jake growl and then a stream of piss hitting the water, that was so hot and went on forever, it also made me need to piss. I wanted to go watch but realized I could look in the mirror and see the hose-like stream of piss exiting the weapon he had just used on me. I laid there trying to fart while he was pissing, hoping he couldn't hear all the air escaping me. When he was finished he shook it once and flushed and kind of strutted back to me, in a fashion I've seen straight men use before when they feel they have conquered something or someone.

Jake came back to the bed and told me to move my head where it had been earlier and when I did he put his still dripping cock into my mouth. The mixture of cum, precum, and piss was intoxicating, and he said, "We're going to be fucking again in a few minutes, hope you're ready!"

Hell, I couldn't say anything his almost hard cock slid into my throat and now he was holding it there for long periods of time so he could feel my throat muscles spasm around it until he felt me squirm. I don't know if he was judging by the squirming or the color of my face, but he seemed to know exactly when to pull out so I could breathe.

A couple of times he pulled all the way out and plunged all the way in like he had done in my ass, and finally, on a longer than normal pause I got a chance to say, "I've got to piss too!"

Jake plunged in and out about five more times like he was going to ignore me and then smiled and said, "Yeah, I had to have a few more strokes of that hot throat!"

I got up and yes farted again. Jake snickered as I walked to the bathroom. I was surprised when he said, "Don't lose any of that cum load it makes great lube for round two and maybe three!"

Fuck, I thought, my ass will be shredded after three fucks like that! I glanced in the mirror and winced when I saw the throat juices some drying and some still wet on my face. "Hey Jake, can I wash my face?" "No I like seeing you like that, and I want you to go home full of my cum!" I thought what the fuck, it's kind of degrading, but if it turns this fuck machine on to look at it, I'm up for it!

Jake was chugging a beer when I came out of the bathroom and offered me one. When I saw he only had a couple left I declined and he said, "Good I want to get right back to fucking while you're hole is still so open, I fucking love that!"

"Yeah me too!"

"Get your head hanging off the end of the bed, I want to fuck your throat and get my cock all slick again!"

Yes again, he ordered and that got me going again!

He fucked my face for a while after the juices started flowing. He pulled out his dripping cock and said, "Spin around now I want your ass on the edge of the bed!"

I did as instructed, and used some of my throat goo on my hole, and yes three fingers just slipped right in!

This time I was on my back when Jake grabbed my legs and pushed my knees back to my shoulders, lined up and plunged fully into me! Fuck, it hurt and felt great at the same time! The fuck was on! Jake was fucking fast and deep, he growled, "Push some of my cum out, that's so fucking hot and feels so fucking good!"

Well, all I could do was try to open and push like I was going to take a dump. I didn't know what would happen but I was pretty sure about one thing, there was enough air inside of me to inflate a tire and it was going to come out, with or without cum!

Soon my ass was singing a song that was just noisy wet gasps of air escaping me. Most guys his age would have thought it was gross and/or hysterically funny, but Jake was definitely into it, and surprisingly so was I! Jake moved my legs back farther so that he could gain access to that inner spot that drove us both over the edge and started pounding. I was having a hard time breathing between thrusts, it was so intense. Did it hurt, hell yes! Did it feel amazing, Fuck Yes!

Jake looked down at me with an evil grin and said, "Man or woman, you are the hottest fuck I've ever had, I'm going to load you up again, then we're going to take a break and I'll have one more load for you, you good with that?"

I just nodded and Jake's hips kicked into high gear. He literally pounded me! His body was a blur, the whack, whack, whack sound of his hips and steely abs crashing against my butt was music to my ears. I knew he was going for a quick cum this time, so I took a long deep breath and as I exhaled I relaxed everything inside of me that I could and pushed my hole open and like I was going to take a dump.
