 I've read a lot of stories about a straight man turned gay. In most of them, it's obvious that the 'straight' guy was always gay in the first place. But that's not my story. Mine is about the fact that I was convinced I was straight. 100% straight. Until my friend intentionally turned me into a cocksucking faggot. Over the course of a few years. And he admitted to purposely orchestrating every step of this story.

It all started when I was 25 years old. I was enjoying my youth. I fucked a lot of women. Every weekend, I went home with a different woman. Not all tens, but I wasn't too picky. I loved going down on women. I loved the first time I slid my cock into their pussies and heard them moan. I loved women.

At the time, I had a great job making six figures. I lived with two of my college buddies, Shawn and Brian. Shawn was one of those serial monogamists. Since I'd know him, he was always in a serious relationship. He jumped from one to the next. And I was glad for it. Every girl who met Shawn fell in love with him. He was tall, muscular, and had deep eyes. He was what they called 'marriage material.' I hated bringing girls around him because they'd always fall in love immediately. I knew I'd be so jealous if he was ever single and moving in on my turf.

Brian, on the other hand, was a partier. He was like me. He slept with just about any girl and played a good wingman. And it helped that I was better looking. He was the perpetual bachelor. Never wanting to settle down.

So it shocked us all when he got a girlfriend. He was "in love." Or at least pussy-whipped. And he slept over her place most nights of the week. I'd lost my wingman. And it became a lot harder to go to the bars and pick up chicks.

Around the same time, Shawn broke up with his girlfriend. They'd broken up a few times before and always got back together in a day or two, so I didn't think much of it. Until he asked me to go to the bar to pick up chicks.

It wasn't like him at all, but I was in desperate need of a wingman, so I consented. 

Shawn wasn't like Brian. Whereas Brian would set me up to talk about myself, Shawn would only talk about himself and his recent breakup. And the girls were eating it up. I couldn't talk to anyone. Even the hottest girls in the bar were all over him.

I got angry and bored, so I got wasted. Two girls came back with us, and I was at least grateful he got one for me. But it became apparent that they were both interested in him. So I got pissed and went to bed.

I lay in bed and couldn't sleep. I heard moaning through our paper-thin walls. I grabbed my headphones, pulled out my computer, and put some porn on. After a few minutes of jacking off, I was really fucking horny. And I don't know why, but I got curious. I turned the volume off with my headphones still in and listened to Shawn fucking the girls. I heard one moan, "Oh, Shawn!" and I started cumming immediately. 

I was embarrassed and jealous. I went right to bed.

The next morning, the girls were gone. Not wanting to seem jealous, I immediately slapped Shawn high-five. He just laughed. I secretly wanted details, but he just laughed.

Life went back to normal after that, but every weekend he brought at least one ten back to the house. I started masturbating to their moans every time. I still put the porn and headphones on because it made me feel better for some reason, but the truth is I was not even watching the porn. I was imagining what was happening over there.

On my end, I was striking out at the bar every time. The girls were always more interested in him than me, and I was getting in my head a lot. Plus, I was drinking a lot more to try to be more confident.

We didn't talk about it at all, but I was feeling jealous.

One day, out of the blue, Shawn asked me, "How far can you shoot a load?"

It wasn't our normal topic of conversation, so I must have looked stunned. He laughed and said, "I was fucking this girl, and she said I could shoot really far. I've never thought of another guy blowing his load, so I don't know what's far."

I laughed uncomfortably. "I don't know, a foot?" I replied.

"No way," he said. "I bet you can do way farther. It's all about technique. Sometimes, before I get in the shower, when I'm ass-naked, I jack off on the toilet and hit the opposing wall. It's sexy as shit and good training. Girls love it. I bet you'd get laid more if you could shoot far. Plus, you can watch your naked in the mirror on the door."

Ouch. I felt his subtle sting about me not getting laid lately. But there was no way he hit the opposing wall. It was so far. I had to call him out.

"Bullshit. That wall's like three feet away. There's no way you hit it."

He laughed. "Yeah, man," he smiled as he beckoned me toward the bathroom. He sat on the toilet in his boxers and lifted up his shirt and pretended to jack off. I looked at his abs. They were so much more defined than mine.

"I jack off here and watch myself in that mirror," he said, pointing to the mirror next to us. "And then I hit this wall. Try it. I bet you can do it."

I laughed and replied, "If you can, I know I can."

For the next week, I tried every day, but never came close.

After a shower one day, he came around the corner and asked, "You just jacked off, didn't you?"

I felt slightly embarrassed. I don't know why, but I did. I just raised my eyebrows.

"So, have you hid the wall yet?" 

I shook my head sheepishly.

"Technique, man," he shot back. You gotta edge until you're horny as fuck. Then not jack when you're blowing. Just let it blow and do one jack each time the shot stops." He paused for a moment and added, "It also helps if your prostate is stimulated."

I started laughing. "You finger your ass?"

He smirked. "I don't, but girls love to. It makes my shot fire like a cannon."

I just laughed off the conversation and let it go. Though I'll admit I still jacked off trying to hit the wall every day.

About a week later, our friends were planning a trip to a cabin for a night. Five guys and five girls. Brian and his new girlfriend would be there, as would Liz, my old crush from college. 

It was a pretty normal night. Some beer pong and flip cup. We all got pretty wasted. By 3am, people started coupling off, which just left me, Shawn, Liz, and our friend Jen. Shawn and Liz were seemed flirty, but I figured it was just me being drunk and jealous. 

I was starting to get the spins and wanted to go to bed. So I went upstairs to find that all of the private rooms were taken. Only one big room with four beds was free. I figured us four would have to stay here.

A few minutes or few hours later (I'm not sure if I fell asleep or not), I heard a noise. I woke up to some giggling. 

"No one's up. Relax," I heard Shawn say. I opened my eyes. I couldn't make much out, but I saw both Liz and Jen sliding their mouths up and down.

Oh my god. I almost gasped. They were both giving Shawn a blowjob. And I was watching it. I could have sworn he saw me and winked, but it was too dark to make out. 

I couldn't believed he'd do this. He knew I had a crush on Liz. And both of them?

Shawn was moaning loudly and saying things like, "That's it. All the way down." I masturbated furiously as I listened. I was so jealous. I came all over myself as I listened to Shawn blow his load.

I couldn't sleep the rest of the night.

I couldn't even look at him the next day. He told Brian we all just fell asleep around 3, but I knew what happened. 

When we got home, Brian went to his girlfriend's, and Shawn and I were watching TV when he asked if I wanted to watch porn.

It wasn't the kind of thing we did together, so I wasn't exactly for it. Plus, I couldn't stand him right then.

He looked at me, and said, "Dude, we're 25. We aren't married yet. When are we ever going to get to watch porn on a Sunday afternoon again?"

I smiled at his logic but had no interest in engaging him. "Whatever."

He jumped up and grabbed a movie from his room. He put it in and sat back down with his legs spread wide.

"What was the best blowjob you've ever had?" he asked.

I looked at him strangely.

"Well, recently, I had an amazing blowjob. Well, two. Two chicks I'd never expect went down on me together. And one of them was a freak. You'd never expect it in her. She sucked my dick dry."

I glared into his eyes. I knew what he was doing. I started to get pissed. I just said nothing.

He looked back at me. "Like that chick." He pointed to the TV. "She knows how to suck a dick."

We were silent for the next half hour as we watched the film. Then he suddenly started rapidly rubbing his crotch and yelled, "Fuck, I gotta blow a load," and ran to the bathroom.

After 10 minutes, he yelled to me as he stood in the bathroom doorway. "Check this out."

I walked over and saw a huge load plastered on the wall opposite the toilet. "That's disgusting," I yelled. "Clean it up!"

But, between watching the porn and seeing that load, I went straight to my room and beat off.

The next few days, I kept coming home from work to Shawn watching porn in the living room. He would just sit there with a video on. He said it was about reclaiming our masculinity. That his girlfriends never liked when he watched porn. So it was just about being his own man.

At first, I was a little weirded out by watching porn with another guy. But after a week or so, it just started feeling normal. Even Brian thought it was awesome the few nights he still spent at home. It just became the new normal. We always had porn on now.

The next weekend, Shawn and I went to the local bar just like usual. Girls were hitting on him left and right, but he seemed pretty unfazed by it. He wasn't going after the hottest girls in the bar like usual. This time, he seemed more interested in just hanging out and talking. It was nice, to be honest. Ever since Brian had basically moved out and Shawn had gotten blowjob from Liz, I'd been feeling pretty disconnected and alone from everyone.

So, as much as I still hated Shawn for hooking up with Liz, I decided that maybe he didn't mean to hurt me. Maybe he was just blowing off some steam from his recent breakup. And it was nice to just hang out again and be normal.

He must have been reading my mind. "Listen, I know you saw us."

I looked up from my beer a little puzzled. "What?"

"Liz and Jen and me. I know you saw us. We were so drunk. And Liz admitted that she always had a thing for me. And I don't know. It just happened. And I know you used to have feelings for her. But you never dated, and I was drunk. I just thought it was okay. I'm sorry if it bothered you."

I was shocked to hear his apology. It was true that we really hadn't ever dated. I started to see how irrational my own anger was. 

"It's okay. I – well, I didn't really see," I started to stutter.

He laughed. "Do you want to get out of here and just have a guy's night?"

I chugged my beer and nodded. We headed for the door. 

When we got home, we saw that Brian had been sleeping over his girlfriend's again. As usual, Shawn put on some porn. I grabbed a few more beers. I was feeling pretty drunk. I handed one to Shawn as I sat down.

He turned to me. "I don't know why I do shit like that. I guess I'm insecure."

I looked at him, and the words just fell out of my mouth. "What the hell do you have to be insecure about?"

He laughed. "I'm not perfect. Lots of stuff. Some of it's embarrassing."

I kept sipping my beer. I was definitely feeling drunk. "Like what?"

He got closer to me on the couch. "Okay, promise you won't tell anyone?"

I looked around. Who would I tell? "Uh, sure," I replied.

"Well, I have small balls. It embarrasses the shit out of me. I mean, I have a good-sized dick, and I shoot a big load. But I have small balls. I always think girls are judging me."

I gave him a funny look. Who the hell cares? I looked back at the porn.

He hit me. "Like that guy," he said, pointing to the porn. "Look how big his balls are. Mine are tiny."

He reached down and grabbed them. I naturally looked down then looked away. But not before I saw that he had an erection. It sudden occurred to me how close we were sitting on the couch.

"Will you do me a favor?" he asked. "Will you look at my balls quickly and just tell me if they're tiny. It's not gay. I'm just – you're the only guy I can talk to about this. I bet you have huge balls."

I blushed. Thinking of Shawn being insecure in front of me made me excited. Especially after he slept with Liz. 

"It's like a locker room," he continued.

"Whatever," I said. I looked into my beer. How many had I had?

He stood up, unzippered his pants, and pulled them down with his boxers. He cock sprung out. I couldn't help but stare at it. It seemed about 6.5 inches. Same as mine. I felt content knowing he wasn't huge. 

He lifted it up so I could see his balls. They weren't tiny, but they weren't big by any means.

"Are they tiny?" he asked. I've never had anyone to compare with.

"They're not that bad," I said smugly. I felt superior to him in that moment. 

"Let me guess. Yours are enormous," he shot back. 

I shrugged.

"Oh, for god sakes. Let me just see them. They can't be huge. I've showed you mine."

I shrugged again. I guess he did show his. I pulled my pants down quickly. I just wanted to show him for a moment. I had no plans of having us both sit there with our dicks out.

He looked for a moment. I was soft. He grabbed my cock and lifted it up to see my balls. I jumped back, but he held firm on my cock.

"Oh relax. I just need to see the balls."

I felt the alcohol hit me faster. 

He looked up at me. Me standing and him sitting again. I felt dominant. He looked me in the eyes and then turned away.

"I'm so fucked up," he said. "I'm sorry."

"What?" I asked. I felt the power dynamics quickly shifting between us. I was the dominant guy with the bigger balls.

"Well, for some weird reason I've always thought about rubbing a guy's cock. Not making him cum or anything. Nothing gay. Just rubbing it to see it get hard. I think it's because of my small balls. I don't know. It's just I'm drunk and there's porn on."

I was shocked. This big tough guy can get any girl he wants. And he wants to jack me off. Normally, I would have said no. But I was loving the power switch too much. It felt so empowering to see his hand on my dick. Serving me.

"Uh, I guess it's not a big deal," I said.

Immediately, he started rubbing my cock. It had been over a month since anyone but me had touched my dick. Ever since Shawn became my new wingman, stealing every girl. It felt good.

I was still standing as he sat below me and rubbed it. He said, "Watch the TV." 

And then, in one rapid movement, he put my cock in his mouth. Before I had time to react, I looked down and saw him sucking my dick. This tough guy. This big tough guy who fucks so many girls. Who got a blowjob from Liz. Was sucking my dick.

I was confused and excited at the same time. And drunk. So I just let it happen. Up until the moment when I felt like I had to blow. So I told him, trying to pull out. But he grabbed me closer. And all of the sudden I was blowing down my straight friend's throat. He had given me the best blowjob I'd ever gotten.

I collapsed on the couch. I looked at him wearily. He looked embarrassed. 

"Sorry—I just...I got carried away."

I got up and went to the bedroom. I was confused and excited and stressed. I had never had an interest in another man, and I just got a blowjob. From a man I was convinced was straight. 

I hardly slept that night. I fantasized about forcing Shawn to give me the hot girls he brought home. I fantasized about making Shawn beg me not to tell anyone. I felt dominant and powerful. I masturbated imagining him sucking my cock again. 

I was scared to come out of my room the next day. I thought it best to avoid the topic. But he had a big smile on his face when I came out. He was watching porn, of course, and looked up. 

"Have a good night's sleep?" he asked. I nodded uncomfortably.

I went to the fridge. He got up and walked over to me. "Listen, about last night..." he started.

"It's okay," I stopped him. "I was drunk. I hardly remember."

"I liked it," he continued. "I really liked blowing you and your big balls. I know that's fucked up. I don't know if it's gay or what it is. I've never done that before. But I can't help it. I want to do it again."

I was really thrown off. What?

"I'll do it any time you want it," he said. And then laughed.

I laughed too. And walked away. I was going to forget all about it. 

A few weeks went by, and the topic kind of disappeared. He was still fucking hot girls. I was still masturbating listening to them. We always had porn on. But, other than that, life was normal. 

If I'm being honest, I thought about his offer a lot. It had now been over two months since I'd gotten laid. Even though I felt dominant to him, he still managed to screw up any chance I had with a girl when we went out. I felt jealous.

So, one drunken night, I told him I'd let him blow me. But I wouldn't touch him. He was eager. 

And I couldn't believe how powerful I felt again. All of those nights where he got laid and I didn't seemed to disappear. I was addicted to the power. 

So I started letting him blow me every day. And he did. He loved it. He'd service me whenever I wanted. He'd describe in detail how good it tasted and how liberating it felt to just suck cock. How you just lose yourself in it. We even started watching only blowjob porn, and he'd tell me what it was like for him.

But he'd end every conversation the same way. "But you'd hate it. Please don't ever do it. You'd think it's gross."

I laughed. He was right. But after a month of hearing about blowjobs in detail and only watching blowjob porn, I'll admit that I started to get curious. I mean, he identified as straight and still fucked a lot of girls. It wasn't a big deal. What if I wanted to blow him just once?

I brushed the idea away. But I couldn't stop letting him blow me. A blowjob every night was amazing. 

Still, I thought of blowing Shawn at least half the time I masturbated. I couldn't help it. I just kept thinking of the details he described to me. 

About another month later—two months after he started blowing me every day—I couldn't take it anymore. I purposely got us both drunk, put on some porn, and then asked if I could blow him.

He looked at me seriously. "You're going to hate it. I can't let you."

But I was determined. I begged. I pulled down his pants and timidly put it in my mouth. It just tasted like skin. It wasn't bad at all. I tried to imagine what I liked and used my hand to jack him off too. 

He stopped me after five minutes and said, "That's enough. I'm not going to let you taste my cum. It's too gross."

Then he went on to blow me and swallow my cum. I couldn't understand it. He talked about it so much—like it was the greatest taste in the world. But he wouldn't let me try it.

Every night, he'd let me blow him for only five minutes, then he'd stop and finish me. 

I was getting so frustrated. I couldn't take it. Why could he swallow my cum? How could he decide I couldn't even taste it? I had never tasted it. I was listening to him talk about cum so much. I was watching blowjob porn every day. I even started watching some gay blowjob porn just to see if they seemed to be enjoying it.

Finally, after a month of five-minute blowjobs, I told him I needed to taste his cum. He said fine and lay back while I bobbed on his dick. 

I had never wanted something so bad in my life. I couldn't even think. I was possessed. I wanted to taste it. I wanted to swallow it. 

Why did he think it'd disgust me so much? Why could he taste it and not me?
