 When I woke I looked over to Paul's bed to see it empty. I ran my hand over my chin, feeling a small crisp of dried cum, and the image of Paul's stiff cock sliding into my mouth came back to me. I sighed, not sure whether I was shocked or turned on again. 

The bathroom door opened and Paul came back into the room, wearing beach shorts and a t-shirt. He began to gather things together, a towel, sun lotion, his book.

I sat up in bed and looked at him, "You alright mate?"

He glanced over quickly, "Yep, fine."

"You're up early?"

"Yep, want to catch some rays." He looked around him, satisfied he had everything he needed.

"Hang on, I'll come with," I said, lifting off the covers, revealing my naked body. My cock was soft against my thigh. Paul's eyes flicked to it briefly, then he turned to the door. "S'ok, take it easy, see you down there," and he was out the door, a brief crash of sunlight coming in, then gone as the door shut behind him.

When I got down to the beach, finding Paul on one of the loungers, near our usual spot, he was on his back, arms at side. His body glistened in the sunshine, his chest hair matted with sun cream, his stomach looking trim and brown. I'd sat astride him there last night, wanking myself over him. I stood looking at him, feeling a longing that was quite surprising - it wasn't for him as such, more for the feeling of being naked on him. I could just make out his eyes were closed behind his sunglasses.

"Hi," I said, "Alright?"

He raised a hand in acknowledgment but didn't say anything. If I hadn't guessed before, I knew now he was pissed off. My heart began to beat a little faster, maybe we had gone too far, maybe that was it now, for the touching, for our friendship?

And so the day went, with us both lying on our respective loungers, sunbathing, reading a book, taking in the view. There was no banter between us, no ogling the beautiful girls, commenting on their breast and arses. Around lunchtime I went to get us some sandwiches and we sat in more or less silence eating them. I asked Paul if he wanted me to put some sun cream on his back - we usually did, and his was looking a little red.

"Nah, I might lie in the shade for a bit," he said.

"Ok..." I replied. "Cool." I felt stupidly nervous, and anxious I'd blown everything, by blowing him.

As the sun began to drop later in the day, Paul announced he was heading back. I quickly got my stuff together and followed him up the beach, up the dusty path past the villas by the edge of the sand, the heat still crashing off the white stucco walls. As we walked I started conversations that didn't go anywhere, nonsense about the weather, my tan. Paul wasn't giving me anything back. Part of me was annoyed now, thinking it took the pair of us to do what we did, why the fuck should he give me the silent treatment for it?

Even back in the room as we got ready to head out for our usual evening meal, he was fairly noncommittal on where we'd go, what he wanted. We ended up in a place we'd eaten before, where, after the meal was finished, Paul yawned and said, "might head back now..."

"What, it's early! Let's hit the bars," I replied.

He was getting out of his chair, and I followed him to the steps outside the taverna. The lights of the bars down the street were flashing on the crowds of young people hanging around.

"Look, there's beautiful babes out there!" I laughed.

He tried to smile, and I felt sorry for him, he looked so confused. "Mate, one beer, at least?"

"Ok..."

We pushed our way into a bar a little way down the street. With beers in our hands we moved back outside to sit on a low wall by the road. It wasn't one of the super busy drinking gaffs, so we had a spot of relative quiet. I finally decided my approach of letting him stew wasn't working.

"So mate," I said, after taking a big gulp of my beer. "What's up?"

"Eh?"

"Come on, you've hardly said a word all day."

"I guess...nothing."

"I call bullshit," I said. "What's bugging you?"

He was quiet for what seemed like ages.

So much so, I had to say "Well?"

He sighed, "Look mate, I don't think..."

"What?"

"I don't think we should carry on...you know"

"Carry on what...wanking?" I said quietly, checking out nobody nearby could hear us, but with a slight air of derision.

He shrugged and looked embarrassed. "Touching...each other..."

"Right," my heart was thumping, partly because I was thinking of touching each other again, partly with the thought of not touching each other again. "I don't think it's the end of the world."

"Nah, but..." he seemed to struggle to find his words, "but I'm...I mean... I'm not..."

"What are you trying to say?"

He looked directly at me, "I'm not gay." And took a swig of beer.

I paused to think. The flicker of the question, was I gay, passed through my mind so fleetingly I knew it wasn't even a consideration, so that I actually felt some confidence returning to me, a little bit of worry falling away.

"Shit mate, is that it?" I gasped, "I'm not gay either, you idiot".

"No but..."

"But nothing...listen... I'm just a horny teenager mate, that's all!

"You sucked me...I mean, you know, you sucked my cock."

It was my turn to sigh, trying to convey a man-of-the-world weariness, you know, shit happens. "Ok, you got me there, but really it's not a gay thing honestly."

"Then what is it?" he said, with some passion.

I had a drink, looked around, looked back him, his brown face, hair slicked back, good-looking, but just my mate really.

"Ok, so it's a bit weird yes, but we're on holiday, there's all these..." I gestured around me, out into the main drag where the girls and lads were strolling, "...these gorgeous babes walking about, wearing next to fucking nothing and I just feel, you know, phoar!"

Paul smiled, nodded.

"I mean I've got a constant boner Paul, it's crazy."

"Yeah... the girls out here..."

"Exactly!" I said. "If one of them would only give me a fucking sniff, I'd be there!"

He laughed, shaking his head.

"But at the moment, for whatever reason, it isn't happening. So you know, we kind of helped each other out, right?"

He didn't look entirely convinced.

"You're my mate right, my best friend for as long as I can remember." I raised my glass and he responded to clink his back. "It's not gay thing, it's just...just sharing that feeling of needing to shag someone...you know?"

"I, I guess."

"Yeah, come on, you know you were so good mate when my mum died, I mean you really looked out for me. Part of me just wants to repay you, you know, make sure you're happy. I don't see touching you as a...a...well a gay thing, it's more just a sex thing...well maybe a sex substitute...oh I don't know. It's just we're pretty close, I trust you and..." I wasn't sure where I was going with this, but the sudden reminder of the warmth of my feelings for him was strong. It was true, I didn't have anyone I was closer to really.

"Yeah, I get that," said Paul.

"I hope so, get you another?" I pointed at his empty bottle. He nodded and I got up and headed back in to the bar. 

When I got back he actually smiled when I handed him his beer. We drank and watched the people milling around.

"No offense mate, but if I was gay, I could probably do better!"

He spluttered his beer but was laughing, relaxing.

"I mean you've got a nice cock, but I reckon I could punch higher..."

"Fuck off!" he joshed back at me.

"Shit, look at that..." I was momentarily distracted by a blonde girl in a white halter neck and denim shorts. We weren't the only one to notice her walking down the street with a group of friends.

As she took her delicious arse past us, I shook my head, "nah, I'm certainly not gay, if I could have that..."

"Don't work yourself up mate," said Paul, "You know where that ends up..."

We were back as mates now, the conversation easy, relaxed and I felt the relief wash over me. We drank some more and I looked over at Paul, sat next to me, light denim shirt open to the chest, and was glad.

"Can I ask you something though?"

"Yeah, sure."

"Did you like it?"

"Like what?"

"When I sucked you off..."

He waited a moment. "Did it seem like I liked it?" he replied, a little coyly.

It was my turn to pause, remembering the round bulb of his cock pressing inside my cheek. "It tasted like you did..."

That had us laughing and choking on our beers.

After that we went to a few more bars, and in one got talking to a couple of girls. We were full of confidence, flirting like pros with them, buying them drinks, playing the fools. Paul got a peck on a cheek and we high-fived, and the girls seemed so taken by our enthusiasm they both moved in for snog, me with the slim redhead, Paul, the blonde girl, who was slightly plumper, but in that fantastic round arse way he liked. 

The girls were meeting other friends at a club over the other side of town, where there was a guest list so we know not worth the trip for us. But they promised to meet us again tomorrow night for some drinks, and with a flurry of kisses and cheeky squeezes of their arses they were off, leaving Paul and I with big smiles and semi-erect cocks.

As we walked home, swaying a little with the beer, we laughed at the memory of chatting to the girls; Paul put his arm round me, congratulating me on pulling "a real looker." Being close to him again made me inevitably wonder what might happen back at our apartment. I didn't want to ruin the back to normal friendliness, so told myself I wouldn't make any move, I'd see what Paul did. It seemed the safest bet.

Back at the apartment we glugged water in the kitchen area and then I went intot the bathroom first. When I came out Paul was still in the kitchen, the rest of the apartment was in darkness. Paul, sighed, "what a night, what a night..." and went into the bathroom himself.

I stripped to my underwear and got into my bed. Our beds were still pushed together and I left them like that, just pulling my sheet over me as I lay on my side facing Paul's side. After a litte while I heard Paul come out of the bathroom; the kitchen light flicked off and he rattled about by the sink getting himself another glass of water. There was a faint light coming through the thin curtains of the balcony doors, so as my eyes adjusted I was able to see fairly well round the room, but Paul was over my shoulder - I wasn't sure what he was doing, there was a rustle as he removed his clothes, a bump of the bed as he moved past and round to his side. I saw him silhouetted by the curtains, and realised he'd taken off everything and was by the side of his bed naked. His cock hung, shaft curved and drooping, but not in that fully flaccid way, but sort of poised, dormant but ready.

He got into bed, pulling his own sheet over him, facing away from me towards the doors.

My mind was racing with the implications of his nakedness. Maybe he was just warm, maybe in his drunkenness he had over zealously removed everything and just went with it. He hadn't got in and faced me, maybe he was just going to go off to sleep. But he was naked inches away from me. His cock was just over there, and I could half remember what it felt like to touch, and that vagueness made me want to remind myself all the more.

"You alright mate?" I murmured.

"Yeah, that was a good night..." came his voice quietly.

"Certainly was... hope we see those girls tomorrow..."

"They were keen, I think they'll show up again."

"You did well mate, yours was very nice..."

"Thanks for making me look good!"

I laughed, "not a problem," and reached out my hand to pat his shoulder. Then I left my hand there. For a minute or so.

Heart beating, I stroked my hand down his arm, feeling the bend of his elbow, his hand resting in front of him. From there I let my hand fall to his side. His skin was soft, and warm. My hand lay gently on his side, just in the dip before his hip. I thought if I slid my hand further it would glide up over his hip and there of course were his naked buttocks. If I reached over him and round, it would be down his stomach, and there, right there, his penis. My hand pushed over his side, fingers bumping over his belly button, sliding into the hair of his abdomen. His body tensed, I heard him sigh, as my hand stoked down, down, then feeling the wiry bush of his pubes, and coming to rest where his cock joined his abdomen. It wasn't there, and lifting my hand up off his skin the tops of my fingers bumped a hard shaft. He was fully erect, his cock was jutting out from his body. I brushed my knuckles up his shaft, bumping the bulb of his glans. His cock felt as smooth as silk.

"Is this ok?" I said quietly.

In an equally quiet voice he answered, "Yes..."

Still with top of my fingers brushing against his cock, I pushed my hand right over the tip, feeling the crinkle of his foreskin. As I swished slowly back and forth over his tip, the lip became wet, and I felt the slickness of his pre-cum coat my fingers. I curled my hand round him now, wanting to feel how hard he was, and he was very hard. His strong, thick cock filled my hand, it was all I could do not to thrash it as hard as I could, to grab it and abuse it.

Instead, I briefly released it and confident now in Paul's acquiescence I reached down to tug off my underwear, releasing my own stiff prick. I shuffled my body closer to him, so I was able to really reach over him and hold his cock and stroke it and run my hand down to his balls, brushing over the fuzz, my fingers nearly going as far down as his perineum. Sliding my hand back up his shaft to the very top I found he was oozing liquid now, his foreskin slipped under my fingers, I pressed my palm to the very tip of his cock, squelching his smooth glans, more precum dribbling free.

I was getting into this so much I had begun to push myself even closer to him. The tip of my cock now touched the top of his left thigh laying on the bed in front of me. I felt the wetness of the contact, and pushed a little more, my cock sliding easily up his buttock. Fuck, the feeling of my glans against warm rounded skin was incredible. Softer, warmer and more giving than a hand. 

I was beginning to caress the head of his penis more intently now, beginning to work the shaft, to pull and push his foreskin, as my own foreskin dragged back as my cock seemed to waver over his arse before dipping between his buttocks, the dual roundness of them both holding my shaft.

"Oh god..." I said, unable to stop myself pushing my cock against him, My shaft was pressing apart his buttocks, the head of my penis jutting up, dribbling at the base of his back.

Paul's arm reached back over mine, his hand grasping my cock, pulling it back from him, pulling my foreskin taut as he did.

"Oh yes... fuck... that's it..." I gasped. "God, I've been wanting you to grab my cock for ages..." Paul's hand tentatively rubbed me, the tip of my penis still occasionally bumping his buttock.

We lay side by side, me masturbating him, him reaching behind to wank me against his arse. Our bodies began to shift, our wrists began to move in time, pulling down, pushing up, our balls tensed, our cocks quivering with sensation.

"Uh, uh, that feels...that feels...fuck..." Paul's hand was aggressively rubbing me, seeming to try to keep me from pushing myself against him too much. 

"Yes... wank me off me Paul... oh fucking hell I want you to wank me so much..."I was thrusting myself in his grip, wanting to feel my cock hit the flesh of his rump. My head was leant in close to the back of his neck, I realised I was mouthing incomprehensible murmurs and groans right in his ear.

"Mate..." I said, "make me cum..." my heart was pounding, excitement coursing through my body.

"Ha..." Paul gasped, "it's gonna be me first...uh, uh..oh!" I felt his cock pulse in my hand as he orgasmed, his hips shaking as wave after wave cum spurted from him. I squeezed my hand over the head of his penis to feel the cum squelch between my fingers, and his hot cock twitched and twitched.

"Fuck, there's so much cum Paul!" I said into his neck. My hand was covered, I could feel the sticky strings of it sliding everywhere. 

Paul had kept his hand on my cock throughout his orgasm, and now after that distraction, he began to wank me again. It was fast and furious, his hand went up and down, shaking my cock as it did, slapping the tip against his buttocks. I was on fire, the sensation of wanting to explode building fast.

"Yes...oh god...yes..."

My left arm, half squashed between me and the bed stretched so my left hand to grab his hip, my right hand doing the same, so I held him by his sides, grabbing his body in front of me, driving my cock between his fingers, bouncing against his arse, the tip sometimes incredibly seeming to dip right between, and somewhere at the back of my mind, the question of his anus, of a wet tight spot flickered. Could I? Would we? But the thought was enough to send me over the edge. Paul's hand held still suddenly as I stretched my cock forward and ejaculated spurt after spurt of cum between his cheeks, over his bottom, over his hip.

"Ah, uh, ah, ah, ah..." I burbled, my mouth opening and closing against his neck, and I then I was kissing his shoulder, pressing my lip sand tongue to his skin. The last spasms subsided and I slumped against him. 

Paul sighed, drawing his hand from my dribbling cock, wiping my cum upwards over his bottom. "Mate..."

"Yeah?" I said into his back, my breath sighing on his skin.

"Why do I keep getting cum on me...?"

That started off some giggles, our bodies shaking so closely together. The air was hot and close, our skin was glowing with exertion, the smell of sweat and semen was overpowering.

"Sorry...again..."

"It's ok..." he said.

"You made me cum though..."

"You made me cum..."

As we lay together, my cock detumescent against his rear, I thought about that - we'd made each other come. We'd mutually masturbated, we'd both been as much in to it as the other. A day that had started out one way had about turned completely, and now who know what tomorrow would bring?