 Paul and I realised our cock sucking, rubbing, and cumming and all that, meant half the morning had slipped by. This was our last day on the Greek Island, and our last chance to top up the tan before returning home tomorrow. 

"Get a move on mate," said Paul from the bathroom, where he was stood at the sink, still naked, shaving quickly.

"I need a shower," I replied from where I sat on the bed.

"No time, gotta catch the rays," he replied, over the buzz of his shaver.

"I've got your cum on my arse!" I laughed, standing up and feeling the stickiness between my cheeks. I walked over to the bathroom and lightly smacked Paul's bare buttock, making him grimace.

"Be quick then," he said.

I looked down at his behind, then as I moved to get in the shower, looked back at him, seeing his penis hung flaccidly by the sink, his bush of pubic hair also a little matted by his cum from when he had pushed against me in bed.

As I let the shower rush over me, I watched Paul finish shaving, and then he leant forward to splash water over his face. The backs of his thighs tensed, his buttocks bent, almost on show for me. I thought it was kind of weird how I looked on my friend's body now with a feeling that was almost attraction, lust even. The playing with each other's cocks had been a bit of a giggle, more sensation than anything else, but this morning, feeling Paul thrust himself against me, well, that had felt amazing. And looking at his arse now, I wanted to touch it, I wanted to run my hands over him. I mean, come on, I told myself, that's weird.

I switched off the shower and stepped out, grabbing a towel to wrap around my waist, hiding my somewhat stiffened cock. Paul was brushing his teeth, his penis jiggled with the action of his arm. With my left hand I cupped a buttock.

He glanced at me in the mirror, raising an eyebrow, but he carried on brushing. My right hand reached around to hold his limp penis. It was warm, heavy on my fingers. I liked its soft, quiet feeling, so different from the raging hard-on of earlier.

"Mate," he said, taking the toothbrush from his mouth, "We gotta get out there..."

"I know, I know," I replied, smiling at him. "Just checking it's ok, it's seen a lot of action!" I rubbed my hand up and down, rolling his cock like a plump sausage.

"It's all good," Paul replied.

"Maybe later?" I said, and I caught my slightly blushing look in the mirror.

"With those girls? Yeah hope so..."





 That wasn't what I meant, and I think Paul knew it. I hadn't forgotten the girls, but part of me wanted to carry on what I'd started with my mate. His cock stiffened a little in my hand. I bet he did too.

"Let's top up our tans so we look good for them" said Paul.

"Sure thing buddy," I said, flicking his cock and then heading into the main room to get ready. In my mind, I was working out what time we had if we were at the pool all day, and then out in the evening. We had to get up fairly early tomorrow to catch the bus to the airport, maybe there would be time then for a last fumble? I wasn't sure that was enough. Maybe we didn't need to be out all day...



The sunshine was almost grilling us on the slats of our sunbeds. As we had arrived late at the pool all the sunshades had gone, so we were sweating it out in the full glare. What's more, we'd rushed out the apartment without applying sun cream, keen to make the most of our last day. We figured we'd built up decent tans so could take it. My tingling skin suggested this might be a mistake.

I lay face down, head on a towel, looking at Paul, who was lying on his back, eyes closed. I looked at his slim brown stomach, the curls of his hair around his belly button, and the bulge of his cock in his swim shorts.

What the fuck was the matter with me? This was out of control. The feelings of wanting to be naked by him again were strong and unnerving. I could understand wanting to play with a cock, that kind of makes sense. As a lad, you know how great a cock is, and helping a mate out have a wank, that's no biggie. But wanting to go elsewhere, that was different. Shit, I suddenly remembered I had kissed Paul's chest this morning. And then there was fingering his arse. I never thought that would be something that would turn me on so much, going near someone else's arse, let alone my very male friend's. Just how far did I want to go with that arse, I wondered. The erection I was lying on told me...pretty damn far.

I thought back over the holiday. The card game, turning into a bit of showing and sharing, some mutual masturbation and cum all over our cocks; then the porn on his phone, and him holding my mouth on his cock while he came; the falling out, and then making up and me cumming on his arse -- there, skin on skin, that was the first time really; then this morning, something quite intimate, him sucking me for the first time and then feeling his cock between my bum cheeks, feeling his spurt so, so close to my anus. And then just the comfortable nakedness as we got up to go out. No sense of tension anymore, we were both ok with this it seemed. This could anywhere.

"Fuck, it's hot!" gasped Paul. "I'm going for a swim... you coming?"

"In a bit," I said. I needed a moment of two. Well, my cock did.



We swam for a while, and when we got out dried off in the sun. We realised we couldn't deny it, we were beginning to go a bit red, our shoulders glowing. It was early afternoon, and as we'd also skipped breakfast, we wandered over to the pool bar and had sandwiches and a couple of beers sat at a table, under shade at last. It was still hot though, and when I suggested we go back because it would be cool in the room, Paul didn't miss a beat in agreeing. I felt my stomach quiver, as I think we both knew where the cool privacy of our room would lead.

On the way back we bumped into Paul's parents, who we hadn't seen since yesterday. We talked a bit about the last day and said we were heading back to cool off.

"Oh boys, you've caught the sun this morning...look at you, you're going red!" said Paul's mum. I followed her gaze to Pauls' chest, thinking inside what on earth would she think if she knew I had ejaculated over her son right where she was looking!

"Here, I've got some aftersun oil in my bag... please get some of that on you," she dug in her bag, pulling out a bottle. "And make sure you do each other's backs, don't pull faces, you can cope with the embarrassment I'm sure."

Paul and I caught each other's eye, this was excruciating. But, after promising to meet them for dinner later, they headed off to the shops, and Paul and I went back to our room.

It was cool inside. The cleaners had been, and had left the two beds pushed together, now all made up with smooth white sheets. I went to the back doors and opened the shutters a fraction to let in a light breeze. The thin curtains I pulled across so the room was in a subdued shadow.

We both looked at the beds, well, bed now. It looked like a stage waiting for actors to come onto. Literally. I said Paul could have first shower, so he went off to the bathroom. My heart was pounding. I suddenly seemed full of nerves. The premeditated nature of coming back to our room made me excited and unsure at the same time. I wanted to be naked by Paul immediately as I was sure then I could relax.

Paul was perhaps feeling a bit of the same, as his shower was quick. He came back into the room, towel round his waist, his body still glistening with water.

"Ah, that's better," he said.

"Um, nice shower?" I said.

"Yeah..."

I got up, looking at him as he sat down on the bed. His hair was wet and his face looked expectant. A little sun blushed and expectant.

"Well," I said, "Think I'll shower too..."

This was ridiculous. We'd had each other's cocks in our mouths and here we were all tongue tied. I quickly moved to the bathroom, stripped out of my shorts, and got into the shower. As I soaped my body, I thought about what might happen and my cock began to harden. 

I was as quick as I could be, and within a short time was walking back into the main room, as Paul had, towel covering my semi-erect cock. My skin felt a little sore, but I was fresh and clean, ready to get up close and personal with my mate. Paul was still in his towel, sat back on his side of the bed, propped up on pillows, reading the back of the bottle of aftersun oil. His chest, arms and legs, looked dark against the white of the sheets.

"Good for the skin apparently, especially sunburned skin," said Paul.

I smiled, rubbing my shoulders, "I think I need some of that..."

"Thanks Mum!" said Paul, and we both laughed.

I walked round to the other side of the bed, holding my towel as I sat down.

"So...want me to put some on you?" I said. "After all, your Mum reckons you need it..."

"Can we stop mentioning my Mum now?" said Paul, handing me the bottle.

"Sure," I said. "Probably best..."

I looked at Paul's towel. Was that a slight bulge of his cock? Was he already, like me, a little turned on?

"Ok, I'll do your back first," I said, "Lie on your front."

Paul shuffled down the bed and rolled over, crossing his arms in front of him and resting his chin on them. His broad back was tinged with red at the shoulders. The towel rested mid-way up his thighs.

I moved to kneel beside him, squirting some of the oil onto my hands. Reaching out I began to smooth my hands over his shoulders, the scent of the oil drifting upwards, musky and woody.

"Ouch," said Paul, "Gently..."

"Sure," I said, my hands caressing his sore skin.

"We're such idiots going out without sun lotion," murmured Paul.

I picked up the bottle and drizzled oil over him. Then my hands moved up and down his back, running along the line of his spine, sweeping down his sides and running over the base of his spine, up against the towel.

"This reminds me of that porn video...the two girls..." I said softly, the rhythm of my stroking hands continuing.

"Uh huh..." sighed Paul. What went unspoken was where that had ended up.

"Except you're not wearing a thong," I said.

"That would be pretty perverted."

"You'd know," I teased. He laughed into the pillow.

The room was quiet, except for the occasional squeak of the bed, and the splatter of oil, as I added more. I moved down to the backs of his legs, running my hands over the muscles of his calves, up the back of his knees, up his thighs. Two hands on one thigh, feeling the curve of his leg, my hands ever so slightly pushing under the towel, then backing off. Paul parted his legs a little, so I was aware of the shadow under the towel between them. As I massaged oil into his thighs I could feel the warmth from between his legs, under the towel.

"I think we need to move this..." I said quietly, reaching down to tug at his towel.

"My arse didn't get sunburnt..." said Paul, but he didn't stop me pulling the towel from under him.

"It's good for your skin remember..." I said, the towel coming away to reveal Paul's pale, white buttocks. Tufts of his pubic hair stuck up between his legs. My cock was tenting my towel at the sight of it.

I squirted a decent amount of oil into my palms and placed them on Paul's cheeks.

"I like to be thorough..." I said, my hands smearing oil over his arse, prising his cheeks apart slightly. My thumbs slipped to the edge of the crack between them, running down and sliding through the tufts of hair, my fingers gently dipping between his legs to touch his perineum.

"How thorough?" murmured Paul.

"Very..." I said, catching my breath, as I massaged him, harder now, so his cheeks spread more and I could see the darkening skin round his anus. There were straggles of hair over his perineum, curling just below the crinkle of his anus. My heart pounding to see this most private of places of my friend, I reached for the bottle and dripped oil down between his cheeks. It ran, glistening over his anus, and he groaned beneath me.

I put the bottle down and knelt by his side, my fingers sliding over his buttocks and pressing down between them. The tips glided over his hole. It was slick with oil, as smooth as anything. I moved my fingertips back and forth, feeling the rim of his anus swell slightly with the incessant touch.

"Oh god..." said Paul, "That shouldn't feel so good..." 

My fingers continued to caress his puckered hole, the oil clicking as it got swept in the dip. Then I curled my hand round to extend my forefinger and held it against his anus. Paul clenched his buttocks, his anus tensed beneath the pad of my finger, and that sucked it in slightly. Paul clenched again, and I pushed my finger down, feeling the smooth inside of his rim. My finger was in his arse to the first knuckle.

"Is...is this ok?" I asked, my other hand stoking the base of his spine.

"Uh...yes..." he said, face down into the bed.

I applied more pressure and my finger pushed in further, the rim of his anus squeezing with it, and then, because there was so much oil covering everything, my finger slipped and was in up to the second knuckle. His arse was so tight around it, I guess it was his sphincter gripping me. I looked down to see my hand pressed between his white buttocks. My finger probed and then, as it went in further I felt the pressure ease off the tip as it reached his rectum, and Paul shifted and groaned some more. I pulled back gently, marvelling at the tightness of him, and pushed in and pulled out, feeling the oil begin to ease my finger's passage.

Paul was grunting, and pushing back against my finger. With my left hand I tried to push between his legs to rub his balls. They were hard and I could feel the tight base of his cock beneath him, while my finger squelched in and out of his anus. My own cock was dribbling inside my towel. I was knelt up, over him, hands working his arse and balls. Pauls was rolling slightly side to side, as my finger curled and slid in him. I pushed down a little more, and he gasped.

"Whoa..."

I pulled back quickly, "Ok?"

"Yeah...yeah...shit..." he sighed. "I...mate...I'm not sure..."

"It's ok..." I pulled my hands back to just massage his arse gently. Over the scent of the oil, I could just make out a tang of arse, that slightly sweet, metallic smell of, well, I guess...you know.

"I mean fuck...you were deep...."

"I said I was thorough..."

That made him laugh, his buttocks shaking a little. His breathing was ragged but easing.

He rolled onto his side, looking at me, "It was...it almost too good... you know..."

His cock jutted out against the bed, a damp patch by the glans.

"Yeah?"

"I'm not sure if I'm into that or not..."

"No problem," I said, looking at his cock. "Maybe I can put some oil on your front?"

Paul looked down, "Nah, let me do your back first" and he pushed himself up on the bed, reaching out for the bottle.

"Eh?"

"Lie down, mate..." he smirked, "And lose the towel, let's see how thorough I can be!"

As I released my erection from my towel and gingerly lay down on it, I realised all my nervousness had gone. It was a little warmer in the room, but still quiet and shadowy and the hardness of our cocks only served to show we were very, very comfortable to be here with each other.

The splatter of oil on my back made me jerk, and then Paul's hands were smearing it over me. My skin was still tingling from the sunburn, but his hands felt good, strongly stroking up and down. I was aware of my bare arse in front of him, willing his hands to slide lower. They did, but smoothed over my hips and down to the backs of my thighs.

I leaned round, seeing Paul knelt by me, his cock sticking up in front of him, fully hard, the tip glistening with precum.

"Stop pissing about..." I said, "I want a finger in my arse..."

Paul spluttered with laughter. "You dirty fucker..." he said under his breath.

"Might as well say what I want, right mate?"

He shook his head, his penis twitching as he looked at my naked arse.

His hands swept round in smaller and smaller circles from my hips, over my buttocks, round the crack of my cheeks. He glugged some more oil on and began to run his fingers along the ridges of my cheeks, pushing down, closer, in between. I was almost lifting myself off the bed with my erection, as his fingers got closer to my hole. The tips slipped past, and I quivered with the sensation. And then they slipped back, a sluice of oil rippling between my buttocks.

The anticipation was turning me on even more. I did then lift my hips a bit, urging my bum against his fingers. There was so much oil Paul's digits were slipping over my rim, without catching it, but the feeling was incredible, so sensitive and electric. This carried on, this close circling of my anus and I began to think Paul was nervous about making the next step.

I pushed myself up, onto all fours and then reached round to grab Paul's hand, my fingers feeling his knuckles and then his fingers and pushing them tighter into my crack. I looked round at him, "what did I want?"

 His face was red, "a finger in your arse..."

 I pushed with my hand, "that's right..."

 Paul's finger dipped into my anus, hovering in the slick puddle of oil sitting in the puckered rim. At my hand's insistence, Paul pushed his finger in, my rim widening to accept it. I felt the invasion, a slight stinging as he went further, nail pointing through the tender skin. I pulled his hand back a bit and then pushed it down. Our eyes locked, acknowledging what we were doing. Paul's finger edged into me, deeper this time. I felt the hard point of it reach my rectum, felt my insides grasp it. It wasn't entirely pleasant but the thought of it, the thought of Paul fingering my arse was the thing.

 I let go of him and brought my hand back round to the front of me. I knelt there, head hanging, and I could see my chest rising and falling and my cock dripping, jerking with every twinge of Paul's finger.

 "Try in and out," I said.

 "Like this?" Paul's finger pulled almost all the way out and then slid back in, fully lubed with oil.

 "Oh fuck...it kinda hurts...but oh..." I murmured. I reached a hand to my cock, feeling its hardness and began to wank myself.

 "Let me," said Paul, and he shifted on the bed, kneeling up behind my, right hand at my arse, finger stretched into me, left hand reaching round to grasp my cock. He began to rub it, slightly awkwardly at the angles and being his left hand. But my cock loved it all the same.

"Oh yes...oh yes..." I groaned, pushing myself back, feeling my foreskin drag and slip under Paul's attentions. His finger was hurting me, out of rhythm with his wanking, but I was tipping over an edge. The anticipation of coming back to the room, me massaging him and fingering his arse -- all this meant I was hurtling to a climax. Paul could sense from my breathing I was close and leant in closer to me, arm round my hip, working my cock. 

"Yes!" My cock began to spurt cum over the sheets, Paul's hand jerking each slug out, his finger delving in my sphincter which contracted around it.

"Ah, ah..." My cum dribbled over Paul's fingers. I almost slumped forward as Paul sat back, his hand resting on my hip, his finger withdrawing from my anus.

I looked round over my shoulder. Paul was knelt there, his cock angry and red and pointing at me. His foreskin had stretched back over the glans. It was an obscene view in its raw hardness. I don't think I had ever seen his cock look so big. His face looked transfixed by my arse from where his finger had just come. I felt exposed, on all fours in front of him, cheeks spread, my anus reddened from his probing.

That look in his face. The angle of his cock. My exposed arse. Those things mixed in my head, and I said, "You can put your cock in me Paul..."

He flinched and looked at me, "what?"

