 Prospective Brother in Law turns out to be a star.

As a young Gay man in England, I had only just begun to truly appreciate my tastes in sex and understood what I really wanted. Unfortunately, opportunities were few and far between and often resulted in disappointment. Usually the only guys that would let me tie them up, wanted more pain than I was willing to dish out (never been into the pain thing, I always favoured the control fantasy side more).

My family and close friends were fine with who I was, being from a large family, my parent's chances of the wedding / grandchildren thing was still high. In fact my older sister was getting very close to the wedding stage with her boyfriend Paul (an excellent example in his late twenties with the fit, yet sturdy frame of an amateur rugby player). As I had moved out of the family home for a less restrictive and more private 2 bedroom apartment, I really had not got the chance to get to know Paul in any depth, but he seemed pleasant enough when I did meet him and he treated my sister well, so no complaints.

That all changed one Friday night, I was out after work in the bar next to the office and who did I see in a cosy, secluded, corner. It was Paul, and he seemed to be getting very friendly with a blonde, female friend. He noticed me immediately, his face a look of shock and horror. After a while, he sheepishly approached me. He tried to make up some lame excuse about who this girl was and that it wasn't what it looked like. I decided that this was too good an opportunity to let go. I told him not to worry, I would not tell my sister, on the condition that he came to my apartment the next day. He looked a bit confused and concerned, but, luckily he agreed.

I went home that night with my mind filled with visions of how I was going to teach Paul a lesson.

The next day, Paul arrived, as agreed. He was wearing blue jeans, a good fitting blue t-shirt and white Nikes. Paul was obviously a bit apprehensive and unsure about what was going to happen next, but I kept it polite and friendly, and tried to make sure he was relaxed. I made him a drink and told him to take a seat. I explained to him that I wouldn't tell my sister anything if he would agree to one thing, to let me tie him up and video him for a couple of hours. He initially looked shocked, but then shrugged his shoulders and smiled and said ok, on the agreement that this was for my eyes only and that the film would never find its way onto the Internet. I agreed.

I went off to get some of my bondage stuff, I thought I would break him in gently and I needed to keep him out of the way while I set up the video camera. I returned with some handcuffs and a red ball gag. I led him along into the bedroom. I told him to sit on the bed and open his mouth. I stuffed the large gag into his mouth and buckled it tightly. He tested the gag with a growl but he was suitably muffled. I then told him to lie down on the bed with his hands above his head. I quickly cuffed him to the bed frame.

Suitably restrained, I went to get my camera. I set it up on a tripod in the corner of the room and pointed it at the bed. Paul had pulled at the cuffs a few times but he wasn't going anywhere. I then went to get some more bondage bits. I wanted to see him tied in rope and leather cuffs before the day was through. Opportunities like these didn't come along very often and I wanted to grab this one with both hands.

With all my stuff ready I explained how I wanted a recording that contained everything, from initial meeting, to capture and tying up. I said I wanted to uncuff him and to pretend to chloroform him as he walked through the door. Paul nodded and I uncuffed him and removed the gag. I told him to walk through the doorway, so that I could grab him from behind and clamp my fake chloroform rag over his mouth. He did as he was told and gave an excellent performance as a struggling victim. After a brief wrestle, he slumped backwards in my arms and I dragged him back to the bed. I laid him out spread eagled on the bed and attached leather cuffs to both wrists and stretched his arms up between the bars at the top of the bed and locked them together. Paul just lied there, pretending to be out cold. I'm sure he was actually enjoying this. I re-applied the ball gag and then moved down to his feet and removed his trainers.

The next stage was the real test, was I really going to enjoy today? I unbuckled his belt and loosened his trousers. I looked up at Paul's face, no sign of any objection, so I continued pulling his jeans off. Underneath was a very nice pair of white boxer shorts. I used leather cuffs on his ankles and tied his legs spread wide to the bottom of the bed. He was all mine now!

It was then that he started to pretend to come round, he moaned and writhed around on the bed and gave a very convincing scared look. The camera loved it and so did I. I pulled up his T Shirt and began to stroke his smooth, muscular chest and down to the top of his shorts. He moaned into his gag and twisted his body, which really was a sight to see. I continued massaging his upper body until he appeared to relax. His eyes were concentrating on my every move. I let my hand slip down across his shorts. I could see he was excited, so I did it again. He groaned into his gag. I just laughed and joked about how he seems to be enjoying this.

I slowly pulled down his shorts to reveal his hard on. I stroked it gently and teased it, before settling into a steady rhythm. Paul was getting more and more excited, but I had a lot more planned than just a quick session, so I stopped just as he seemed to be getting close. Paul arched his back and begged into his gag to be touched. I taunted him and told him to be patient. I took my trousers and shorts off and moved up and unbuckled his gag. He pleaded with me to touch him, but I again told him to wait and that I wanted something from him. I brushed the side of his face with my dick and he realised what I was asking him to do. To his credit, he didn't hesitate. He licked my tip and then licked down to the balls before he took me completely in his mouth and started sucking hard. I closed my eyes and thanked my lucky stars I'd gone out for that drink after work the night before. I pulled back before I got too excited. I went to my stuff and got my most effective gag, a panel gag. It's a large rectangular leather panel with a ball bit on the inside and a couple of straps. I inserted the bit in to Paul's mouth and tightened up all the straps around his head. I stepped back to admire my handywork and asked him to test the gag. He moaned, but he was even more muffled than with the ball gag.

I returned to his dick, which was still pleased to see me. I caressed and stroked him for a while before starting to suck him off, but I still didn't allow him to cum. I taunted him by asking him if he wanted to cum, he nodded enthusiastically. I asked him if he wanted to cum in my mouth or if he wanted me to use my hands. Muffled through his gag I'm sure he said mouth, so I said OK, but only if you let me do one more thing. Through his gag he grunted "anything". He was all mine, he had surrendered to me completely.

I undid his ankle cuffs and removed his boxer shorts from around his ankles, I then unlocked his cuffs from the top of the bed (they were still fastened together) and led him off of the bed. I loosened his gag and forced him on to his knees before me, again he new what was wanted and he began stroking my shaft up and down with his cuffed hands and sucking me off some more. Again I pulled away before I got too close. I re-applied the gag and told him to stand by the end of the bed. I went and got some soft white rope and some black, thin electric tape. I removed his wrist cuffs, replacing them with a length of rope, which was looped around his wrist twice before being cinched and tightened. I tied his wrists to the centre of the bed frame, with him standing up, slightly bent forward. I then wrapped tape around his wrists to make doubly sure he was properly restrained. I attached a spreader bar to his ankles and told him to bend over so his ass was exposed and at the right height for me to assault it. He did as he was told, but his breathing was becoming very heavy under his gag and he was pulling at the ropes to his wrists. 

I told him to relax and that he would enjoy it. As a finishing touch I blindfolded him with a padded leather blindfold. I grabbed his tight ass and caressed him all over with one hand while I reached around to his front and stroked his still hard dick. I started fingering his ass, gently to begin with, but with the help of a lot of lubrication, I was soon giving his ass a sound punishing. The panel gag was doing its job very well and his initially loud cries had been replaced by a low moaning. I pulled away, put on a condom and with plenty of lube, slowly inserted it up his, now well lubricated, hole. His moans intensified, but he took it well. I was soon ramming him energetically and giving him the fucking he deserved. I pounded his ass for about 5 minutes until I climaxed inside him, I stroked his body and kissed his back as a thank you before I left for the bathroom to clean myself up.

I returned, admiring this fine specimen that I had captured and used. I moved my hand down to his dick and started stroking him. He was still hard after all this time, being a bound and gagged fuck thing, was obviously a turn on for him. I positioned myself between the bed and him and began sucking him off, we did have an agreement after all. It didn't take long for him to explode into my mouth, not something I would usually allow a bound and gagged sex toy to do, but I felt it was the least I could do. After all, he had taken everything I could throw at him, and taken it well!!

I slowly untied him, first his feet, then the rope attaching his wrists to the bed frame. I told him to lie on the bed, he was still gagged and his wrists were still tied in front of him. I gently cleaned him up whilst he began to fall asleep. After a short rest I untied him completely, he showered and dressed. He thanked me, which I thought was hilarious, who thanks someone for blackmailing them into being bound and raped? He told me he had played around with men a little when he was younger, but it had never felt completely right. He apologised for getting caught out the previous night, I accepted his apology and told him the slate was clean. I didn't tell him that I wouldn't have told my sister anyway, I couldn't have handled all the aggravation that would have followed and my sister was hardly a saint herself.

We hung out for a couple of hours and he told me how he liked to be tied up by my sister, but she wasn't really into it. He played around with my large bondage collection for a while, it was a real turn on seeing him try out all of my gags and I felt myself getting excited again. I think he could tell what he was doing to me, as he made his excuses and started to leave. Before he left he thanked me again and told me that maybe, one day we would have a rematch, if I could keep all this a secret. He also said that maybe it would be me who ended up bound and gagged and abused next time.

Now that was something I hadn't considered. The thought of that rematch and the video I had taken kept me going until that day finally arrived.