 Chris chortled and said "No way that's true! I've had sex with women multiple times in one day but I've needed a couple hours in between 'sessions'."

I rolled my eyes and just face palmed. He had been talking about how unfair it was for women to have multiple orgasms when he was pretty much just one and done. I had just said, "You know what foreplay is? Well, there is such a thing as back-play. Actually, that sounds weird but I mean you need to get your partner to keep up the sexy times for just about 20 minutes and it'll feel like an uninterrupted session. That's all the time most of us men need to cum."

After he finished laughing at me, I looked up and insisted, "Maybe you haven't met the right girl yet but I swear to you the balls recharge pretty quickly. You just need to treat them right."

Chris shook his head and asked, "What would you know about meeting the right girl? You haven't dated chicks since you were 19."

He was right. I had never looked back once I had realized I was gay in college. "OK, I might not know much about pleasing women but I assure you, I am a master at pleasuring cock. I've gotten all my boyfriends to cum again after 20 minutes."

Chris stood up from the bench. We were the only two in the gym's locker room, which wasn't that odd given how early it was. For the last year, we had kept up a routine of playing racquetball before work. The health benefits had been obvious but we got started after I bet Chris to take up this yuppie sport. We had been best friends since we were both eleven and have been betting each other to do stupid shit almost as long.

I saw the familiar glint in Chris' eyes. I already knew what he was going to say before he spoke, "Next time I have sex, I'll try it your way. But I bet you I won't cum again in 20 minutes."

"OK, you're on. What are the conditions?"

"Simple, if I don't cum again in, say, 25 minutes, after cumming the first time, I win."

"Next time you have sex, you could cum 15 times in a row and you'd still tell me it took you hours."

"Would you like me to film it? I betcha would. You'd probably love seeing my hot bod fucking away."

I probably would. Chris was in excellent shape for a straight man. For now, I enjoyed teasing him, "Well how else am I supposed to confirm you fulfilled the condition? And I don't want to lose a bet just because your next lover is awful!"

"Well, what the fuck do you suggest? Are you going to follow on my next date and teach her your secret sex techniques?"

I sensed my opportunity and leapt at the chance, "Why go through a middleman? I could just use my fabulous handjob skills directly."

To my surprise, Chris didn't immediately reject my idea. Instead he said, "Actually, I was probably going to jerk it in the showers anyways. No one knows how to pleasure me like I do. I can try to take care of myself twice in 25 minutes."

"OK, I agree on the condition that I get to watch. For judging purposes of course!"

"Whatever, you perv. Well, we got to start now if we'll still get to work on time."

We took our gym clothes off and headed to the showers. We turned on the water both as a cover in case someone else entered the locker room and as lubrication for the fun ahead. Chris turned away from me before he started. This wasn't the first time we had showered together but I understood and didn't protest. I'd still be able to see if he came. Besides, Chris' butt was pretty cute. I surreptitiously stroked my own growing member.

Just a few minutes in, it was clear something was wrong. Chris was starting and stopping often. I asked, "Need some help?"

"I'm just not used to having an audience. That's all."

"We don't have time for performance anxiety. Just give it here and I'll take care of you."

"Dude, I've told you a hundred times. I'm not gay!"

"Handjobs aren't gay! You're a man and you're giving yourself a handjob. That's not gay, is it?"

Chris seemed happy for an excuse, "Whatever man. Just make it quick."

He turned towards me and I was glad he turned his face upwards and looked away. Otherwise, he might have noticed how hungry I looked. His cock was soft and smaller than what I was used to but it was cute. His pubic hair was trimmed and didn't get in the way as I stroked up and down. Chris started to stiffen pretty quickly once I got started.

Like he was reading my thoughts, Chris said, "I'm just imagining a beautiful, big tittied girl is doing this. What's making it easier is how your hands are softer than my last girlfriend's. Are you sure they can handle me?"

At that, I grabbed his balls and squeezed not so gently as I upped my speed on his shaft. 

Chris couldn't help himself and let slip a moan. I didn't bother teasing him over it. I was too into jerking him off. I couldn't wait to see that cock cum. I rubbed and twisted both his balls and shaft while warm water sprinkled over us. I imagined his spunk sprinkling on me and felt my own cock swell.

Within seconds, I got my wish. His cock throbbed and shuddered in my hand. I saw thin white strings of cum squirt from his head. And small drops sprinkled on my hands and forearms. 

Chris relaxed and shrugged, "That wasn't as bad as I thought."

"Well, get ready for round 2!"

"What the fuck?"

"Did you forget already? The important part is starting foreplay again after cumming."

With that, I started to move his now limp penis to my mouth. He pulled back and exclaimed, "OK, now that's definitely gay! No blowjobs!"

"Come on, blowjobs aren't gay either. You won't be able to tell the difference from my mouth and any broad. If I'm not allowed to try and win the bet, we might as well stop now and then you'll have gotten a handjob from me for nothing."

Chris looked thoughtful, "I guess it'll be OK. But only as long as I really can't tell the difference."

I reached around and grabbed his butt. Pulling him close, I enveloped his cock in my mouth. I cleaned it of all cum I found and slurped it down noisily. I continued to lick away and he stirred inside me. If I didn't know better, I'd say he was enjoying this more than I was. I took a hand off his ass and returned to playing with his balls.

Several minutes passed in relative silence. The only sounds I could hear were running water, my slurping, and Chris' low moans. He grew again and I soon had a lot to work with. I slid up and down his cock like one of those drinking bird toys he kept on his office desk. Chris grabbed my head and started to get forceful. I decided to show him I was in charge and stuck my finger in his asshole.

To my surprise, instead of backing off, Chris started to thrust into me harder. He was really into this. Soon I decided it was time. I fingerfucked that fucker while swallowing his cock to his balls. Within seconds, thick ropes of cum filled my throat. I had to pull away coughing while Chris collapsed against the shower wall, a shocked expression on his face.

I swallowed and looked at the clock mounted above the showerheads. "You totally lost, man. That was just 15 minutes. You must have really enjoyed that.'

Chris looked a little scared as he answered, "I'll be honest, I enjoyed that more than I'm comfortable with."

I rolled my eyes again, "How many times do I have to tell you? That wasn't at all gay. You could have done that stuff with any chick.'

"Either way, I think we got a little caught up in this bet. We never actually determined what you'd win."

"Isn't it obvious? I got you off but I'm left here with a raging boner? Dude, you got to suck me off. Just the way I did you. It's only fair."

Chris agreed way too quickly but I wasn't about to complain. I stood and leaned on the wall while Chris knelt and sucked like a madman. I couldn't remember my first time being as manic but there was an exciting energy that I hadn't felt in a long time. He stuck his fingers deep inside my anus and squeezed my balls tight. I must have been a great teacher because it was just a few minutes before my head started to pulse.

I didn't warn him and soon cum was squirting from between his lips and my cock. Still enough filled his mouth that I couldn't understand him when I pulled out. He took a few breaths and finally swallowed. I took a finger and wiped a glob of cum from his cheek and stuck it in his mouth. When he hungrily disposed of it, I said, "Now, that's really gay."