 PRELUDE

Adam Jackson woke up in bed and looked around for his client Steven Willis. Steven was no where in sight and Adam dropped back on his bed. He put his hands on the side of his head and thought to himself, "What were you thinking?" Adam was extremely mad at himself. He had sex with one of his clients the night before and not just any client, a male client. Adam had broken a cardinal rule of not having sex with a client and he had also had his first bi-sexual encounter.

The biggest problem for Adam was that the sex was great. Steven gave great head and he was a wonderful fuck. Adam could still see his big cock worming its way into Steven's curvy ass. Adam had cum three times the night before, once in Steven's mouth and twice in his ass. Adam had been very clear that he was not into cock and Steven was cool with that. Afterward Adam was convinced that oral and anal sex did not differ much between a man and a woman. At least a man like Steven who was so feminine and so soft; Adam truly felt like he was fucking a woman.

Another problem for Adam was Steven's business partner and lover. Maurice was out of town at a designer conference which is why Adam happened to be alone with Steven. Adam did not want to screw up a good business deal but even more important he didn't want to cause a lover's spat; especially a gay lover's spat. Adam then got out of bed and headed for the shower all the while wondering what was next for him.

A SHIFT IN STRATEGY

Adam Jackson had earned his BBA and MBA before joining a management consulting firm when he was just 23 years old. Adam quickly learned the ropes and decided to venture out on his own in just five short years. He formed his own company and he was doing quite well until the economy tanked. Adam could not land any new major clients and his current clients were tightening their belts. Even the major consulting firms were struggling and Adam knew he needed a change in business strategy. That's when he decided to go after the small business companies who normally could not afford him.

Adam's usual hourly rates would range from $250 to $500. However any rate multiplied by zero the result was still zero. Adam reduced his rates to a range of $50 to $200 an hour. He knew that he could earn from $100,000 to $400,000 annually at those rates. It wasn't his customary $500,000 to $1 million but it wasn't chump change either. Adam made up new brochures and conducted an aggressive direct mail and cold calling campaign targeting small business owners. The response was positive and Adam knew that he would have to almost give away the first couple of engagements to establish himself.

The first prospect to contact him was a company called Alluring Interiors owned by Steven Willis and Maurice Day. Steven and Maurice were interior designers who did their own sewing, reupholstery and interior design. They had been successful when the economy was strong but they now were feeling the pinch as were other similar firms. Adam met with Steven and Maurice and he immediately recognized that they were gay. At first he did not know that Steven and Willis were lovers but it was something he would soon learn.

Steven and Willis had been working out of their home which was located in the gay section of the city and as a result the majority of their clients were gay. They had a few other clients who lived in the city but not enough to make a difference. They had been considering leasing a store in the gay neighborhood but had held off on that decision until Adam finished his evaluation and issued his report. 

Adam had studied their business and evaluated the opportunities. His report contained a number of recommendations and one of them was to change the gay image. Adam located a very reasonable store for lease that was not in the gay section. He told Steven and Adam that they would be better off with a different location stating that their existing customers would know where to find them but they needed a refreshed client base. Adam also contacted a historic home and arranged for Alluring interiors to do all their work at cost plus 5%. 

At first Steven and Maurice did not agree with Adam's recommendations but the more they listened the more sense it made. Alluring Interiors provided the drapes and upholstery for the historic home. The profit margin was small but the exposure was great. The home conducted numerous tours and as a result provided a lead service for Alluring Interiors. Those leads coupled with the move to the new location resulted in business picking up.

Prominent suburban home owners, who toured the historic home, loved the décor and engaged Alluring Interiors to do work in their homes. Until then Steven and Maurice had never worked for high end home owners in the suburbs. Steven and Maurice were thrilled with the increase in their business and with the recommendations that Adam had made. The three week engagement was well worth the $6,000 that they paid to Adam. Steven then put Adam on a monthly retainer.

Adam started picking up other small businesses who were struggling and he quickly earned an excellent reputation among the small business leaders in town. He soon had more business than he could handle at low rates so he increased his rates and he was soon up to $200 an hour. His strategy had paid off.

AN EVENING WITH STEVEN 

Maurice was in New York at a designer conference when Steven met with Adam at Adam's apartment. Adam lived in the city even though it was pricey as the night life was great. Adam used his apartment as his office and the address helped the business image. Steven had shown up that evening to discuss a new opportunity with Adam. Steven wore a black silk shirt and black tight slacks that really hugged his curvy ass. Steven was 5'7" tall and weighed a slim 150 pounds. His waist was narrow but he had a very curvy ass. Steven had long blonde hair that was trimmed nicely and just covered his ears and the nape of his neck. Steven's body language was very effeminate and he moved very gracefully. He had this move when he put his hand on his hip and shifted his weight to one leg that really emphasized his shapely ass. From behind Steven looked as shapely as a girl. As Adam looked at Steven, he found himself wondering what Steven would look like naked. Steven was a fit young man who fit the pretty category better than the handsome category.

Adam went over his recent proposal with Steven. Adam recommended that Alluring Interiors participate in the Parade of Homes. Adam had lined up a high end home that would be in the showcase that would be perfect to show off their talents. Adam explained that Alluring Interiors would decorate and furnish the home. The furnishings could then be sold at the end of the Parade of Homes to recover their cost. Alluring Interiors would have exposure to thousands of people who attended the Parade of Homes. Steven liked the idea and he quickly agreed to it.

They celebrated with a cocktail and then Steven sat down in the chair across from the sofa. Steven raised his glass in a toast and Adam returned the gesture. It might have been the booze or just that Adam was particularly horny that night but he found himself attracted to Steven. Adam watched and studied his client intently and his cock got hard in his tan pants. Adam shifted his legs to try and hide his boner but Steven spotted it and smiled at him.

"Adam you're getting a boner," Steven announced as he moved over to the sofa, "I hope that I did that to you."

Adam blushed but he remained silent as he just did not know what to do or how to act at that time. Steven sat on the sofa and ran his hands over Adam' muscular legs. He didn't rush anything and Adam' cock was as hard as ever. Steven ran his hand over Adam' hard cock through his pants and Adam let out a short gasp.

"Adam your cock feels really big. Can I see it?" Steven asked calmly.

Adam was frozen to the sofa and he just watched as Steven lowered Adam' pants and underwear to below his balls. The big 8" dick stood out like a rod and Steven let is fingers dance over it. Steven announced that he was going to kiss it and he leaned in. Adam didn't answer but just closed his eyes as Steven's lips kissed the engorged cock. Steven then had Adam stand up and he lowered Adam's pants and underwear to his ankles. Adam's body tensed as Steven's lips moved up and down the shaft and then Adam gasped as Steven's mouth engulfed Adam's cock. 

Adam thought to himself, "Oh my God he is going to blow me."

Steven was a very good cocksucker and in no time he had Adam ready to blow his load. Adam tried to prolong his orgasm as long as he could. Steven sat on the edge of the sofa and drew Adam in toward him. Steven caressed the back of Adam's legs and cheeks of his ass as Steven's warm, wet, wonderful mouth sucked on Adam's cock. Steven massaged the head of Adam's cock against the roof of his mouth. He circled Adam's cock with his tongue and Adam felt the light scraping of Steven's teeth. Adam's dick felt harder and longer than it had in some time and he knew he was going to shoot soon.

Steven took Adam's cock out of his mouth and looked up at him as he stroked the entire length of it and massaged Adam's bloated balls. Steven then put it back in his mouth and took it out again then he gently blew on it as his fingers continually massaged Adam's balls. Steven tickled the cock head with his tongue and teased Adam's pee slit. Steven had Adam close to cumming a few times. Steven seemed to know when Adam was getting close, and he would do things making him last longer, torturing Adam in the process.

Steven looked up at Adam and smiled as he stroked the slick cock. Then he asked, "Ready to cum Adam"?

"You know I am damn it!" Adam replied, "Suck me!"

Steven then took Adam's cock all the way into his warm wet mouth. He swirled his tongue around the length of the shaft, nibbled on the cock head and sucked Adam hard. Steven reached under Adam's balls and rubbed the hardness between his balls and anus. Adam felt his cock thicken and he knew he was going to cum. There was no stopping Adam this time.

Steven grabbed Adam's ass cheeks with both hands as Adam exploded in his mouth. Adam fired round after round of cum into his mouth and Steven sucked and swallowed as fast as he could. Rope after rope of semen shot into Steven's mouth as Adam seemed to have an endless supply. Finally the barrage subsided and Adam stopped cumming in Steven's mouth. Steven sucked on the thick firm cock until he had drained every drop from Adam's dick.

Adam felt weak from the intense orgasm so he sat back on the sofa and watched as Steven stood up and lowered his pants and underwear to his knees. Steven's 6" boner jumped out and Steven quickly grabbed it in his hand. Steven stroked his own cock as he spoke.

"I need to get off I am so hot!" Steven said in an excited tone.

Adam watched Steven jerk off. Steven's hand flew rapidly over his hard cock in search of his own release. He then turned slightly just before he came and Adam watched as Steven ejaculated. Steven shot his load and the first couple of blasts must have traveled five feet before landing on the carpet. Steven seemed to cum for at least 30 seconds as stream after stream shot out of his dick. Adam watched as Steven's buttocks tightened and then relaxed as he fired his load. Adam admired the young man's bare ass as it was lily white compared to the well tanned body. Steven had a beautiful ass and Adam felt his loins stir and his cock harden as he once again thought what it would be like to fuck Steven's ass. Steven looked over at Adam and saw that Adam had another boner. 

"Adam would you like to fuck me? Would you like to stick your big thick cock in my ass?" Steven asked as he wiggled his shapely ass in Adam's direction. 

They went into Adam's bedroom and Steven took off the rest of his clothes and his 6" still erect dick wavered in the air. He knelt on the bed and raised his ass in the air. Adam looked at him in this position and decided that he looked just like a girl with his smooth hairless body and his great looking bubble butt. Steven reached back and lubed his asshole with lotion that Adam never saw until then. Steven handed the lotion to Adam and he applied a generous amount of lotion to his own cock. Adam stood behind Steven and stared at the incredible ass that he was about to fuck. Adam then spit on his dick making very slippery and eased into Steven's asshole. 

Adam was gentle with him allowing Steven to adjust to the size of his cock. Soon he was buried to the hilt in Steven's ass and he fucked the young man royally. Adam held on to the pretty twin cheeks of Steven's ass as he fucked him thoroughly. Adam loved fucking women in the doggy style position whether he was in their pussy or ass, although he preferred their ass. There was just something about a curvy bottom that turned Adam on. 

Steven had been butt fucked before but never with a cock this size. He couldn't believe how full he felt with Adam's enormous dick in his ass. Steven felt Adam tense and then fill his ass with cum. Adam continued to fuck Steven's ass and cum backed out and ran down over Steven's balls. Steven fired a blast of cum onto the bed this time without ever even touching his own cock. Adam eased his soft cock out of Steven's ass and Steven plopped face down on the bed.

Adam was the first to get out of the bed and announced, "I need a shower."

Adam then entered the shower and relaxed under the hot water as he thought of Steven and how good it was to fuck his ass. Adam loved watching his cock slide in and out of the shapely ass. Adam then decided that it was no different being with a guy then with a girl when it came to getting a blow job or butt fucking. Adam felt his loins stir again just thinking of Steven's ass. After the soothing shower, Adam dried himself off and walked back into his bedroom. To his surprise Steven was in bed on all fours with his curvy butt stuck up in the air. Adam felt his cock twinge as he looked at Steven's hot ass. Steven's body was delicate, hairless and flawless. He really did look like a girl in this position.

"Adam, I would like you to fuck me again," he said in a sultry voice. "You would like to fuck me again wouldn't you?" he asked.

Adam's cock hardened as he approached the bed. He knelt behind Steven and began to caress Steven's beautiful ass. Steven handed Adam the lotion and asked Adam to get his ass ready. Adam put an ample amount of lotion in his hands and rubbed it all around Steven's bung hole. Then Adam inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing Steven's ass for another ass fuck. Adam sawed his fingers in and out of Steven's anus and Adam was turned on by the thought of burying his cock in Steven's shapely ass one more time. Adam moved closer to Steven and lined up the head of his cock with Steven's anal opening. Adam eased his big dick into Steven's ass.

Steven reminded Adam, "Not too deep at first, then deeper."

Adam spat on his hand and rubbed his saliva all over his cock which made it very slick when combined with the lotion. Adam's cock head cleared the sphincter and he fed it to Steven a little at a time. Steven's ass chute was warm and tight as Adam went deeper and deeper into him. Soon he was all the way in Steven's ass and he started a slow fucking motion. Adam continued to pump Steven's ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts. Adam caressed Steven's smooth round ass as he fucked it. 

Steven asked Adam to fuck him harder and quicker. So Adam picked up the pace and he pounded Steven's ass faster and faster. Adam's balls started bouncing off of Steven's balls and Steven moaned with each thrust of Adam's cock. Adam could feel his climax building and he knew that any moment he would shoot his seed in Steven's ass. Adam tried to make it last as long as possible but once Steven contracted his anal muscles Adam lost it.

Adam fired a barrage of cum in Steven's ass filling it to overflowing. Adam couldn't remember when he came so much. As Adam continued to fuck, his cum backed up in Steven's rectum and oozed out flowing over Steven's balls. Steven used his talented anal muscles to milk Adam's cock and drained it dry. Steven's milking action weakened Adam and sent tingles through his body. Adam pulled out of Steven and collapsed on the bed next to him.

Steven rolled over on his back and jerked off once again. Adam stroked Steven's soft silky thigh and watched as Steven stroked his cock. Steven fired another round of semen into the air. The first blast landed on Steven's face, neck and chest. The remainder of his load landed on his abs and pooled around his pubes. The two of them collapsed on the bed and then Adam fell asleep. Adam woke up the next morning and he realized that Steven had left sometime during the night. Adam was bewildered as he lay in bed. He had clearly crossed the line in more ways than one and he had to decide what to do next. Adam decided that he would tell Steven that although the sex was great that it was something they just couldn't continue to do.

Adam got up and went into the kitchen to make coffee before he showered. He found a note from Steven stating that he had had a great time and that he would be in touch. Adam then took a shower and dressed. He had a couple of appointments that day and then he was supposed to meet a girl named Trish later that evening. Later in the day as Adam was wrapping up his sales calls he received a message from Trish who said she wasn't feeling well and couldn't make it that evening. He also received another message, this one from Steven inviting Adam over to his place.

That evening even though he knew he shouldn't, Adam decided to go over to Steven's place particularly since he would not be with Trish. Adam felt a little self-conscious when he parked his car in the gay neighborhood and walked a few blocks to Steven's place. Adam drew some stares and smiles but he ignored them and walked on. When Adam arrived Steven was pleased to see Adam. Steven was standing at the door naked. Steven hadn't bothered to put on any clothes and he had just cum, Steven felt his loins stir in Adam's presence. Steven opened the door for Adam and invited him in. Adam stared at the pretty young man for a second, once again taking in his shapely body. 

Adam noticed the semen that was beginning to dry on Steven's body and thought, "This guy is one horny cocksucker. He must have just jacked off." 

Steven smiled and told Adam to come in, "I was just watching some porn. I wasn't sure if you got my message."

Adam laughed and said, "I can see that!"

Steven turned to walk back in the family room and Adam watched as the shapely young man walked ahead of him. Adam felt that familiar stirring in his groin as he watched Steven's curvy ass all the way into the family room. Adam could smell the sex in the family room and he was sure that Steven had unleashed one of his volcanic orgasms. Then Steven turned when he reached the room and spoke to Adam.

"I was just going to take a shower. Would you like to join me? Would you like to fuck me in the shower? Steven asked.

Adam had originally planned to stay away from Steven but when he thought about Steven's hot ass Adam had changed his mind. Now that Steven was asking Adam to fuck him again and Adam could not say no.

"Sure I would love to join you," Adam replied trying to hide his excitement.

Adam followed Steven up the stairs to his bathroom and as he did he watched Steven's hot ass sway from side to side. Steven walked with an air of confidence as he knew Adam was watching him. Steven rolled his buttocks as he ascended the stairs and had a swagger that said come and fuck me. Adam felt his cock harden as he walked behind Steven and stared at his perfect ass. Adam knew that within minutes he would be sliding his soapy cock into Steven's soapy asshole. 
