 Compilation of parts 1-4 of my time with Sam

This is a story about my first time with a dude. I'm not a great writer but I figured I would share. Yes, it's true. Facts changed for identity purposes but the sex part is still true.

So I've always been with women but sometimes watch gay porn or read gay sex stories online. I always get really turned on reading about straight guys being submissive and bottoming for the first time with a dominant top. I've always wanted to try it and finally said fuck it. I read tons of stories about straight men getting seduced or coerced into sucking dick and being feminized and treated like sluts. I decided to go for it and get some dick.

Me: I'm about 5'9", 26yrs old and in good shape. I'm muscular, have a beard and blue eyes and brown hair, and I'm not ugly. I have a thick butt and legs from squats and a nice stomach and hairy chest.

Not knowing any gay men or having any gay friends, I posted an ad on CL asking if any men would be down to let me suck dick for the first time, and get rough with me. I got a lot of responses from older, overweight men looking to blow me or get me to fuck them which I ignored. I finally got a response from a guy around my age it looked, we'll call him Sam. He said he thought my ass was "beautiful" and wanted to lick it while I blew him. He was dark skinned and taller than me and looked in pretty good shape. I emailed him back and asked him when we could meet up, he said "tonight?" Which ended with me getting his address and a time and planning to meet up after he worked.

I made sure to shower and shave and clean my ass and all that before I went. I wasn't really sure if he wanted to fuck me or not, but I also hadn't seen his dick. I have NEVER taken dick before or any other kind of dildo or anything so I honestly had no clue how I would even react to it. 

After he got off work he emailed me to come over, so I drove to his place. Walking up to the door I was so nervous my mouth was dry as fuck and when I knocked I almost hoped he wouldn't answer. But, he did. When we opened the door all of my nerves went away. Sam was 6'4", Hispanic, handsome face, wearing a tight pair of boxers with a huuuuge bulge in them. I looked him up and down and he smiled at me and invited me in. We walked right to his bedroom which was bright but had a glow to it that made it feel really quiet and safe. He slipped off his underwear and laid down on the bed. I pulled off my jeans and T-shirt so I was just in my underwear and crawled up on the bed. I got up close to his dick and put my face near his balls and licked a little while looking up at him. He played with my hair and smirked. 

"Hey," he said, "Just do whatever you want and I'll tell you if you should change it up ok?"

I nodded and licked from the base of his nuts all the way to the tip of his thick cock. This thing was probably like 9" long and gorgeous. Like I said before, first time with a dude here, so the size was insane to me, as I have a dick that's a little over 6". It was thick and veiny and a little hard already.

So I started by sucking the head and licking the whole length, letting it get harder in my mouth. When he was all the way hard and moaning he started to push my head down on his dick and I tried to get him in my throat. Surprisingly, I didn't have much of a gag reflex and I actually got about half of it all the way down before I could feel it kind of stop at the back of my mouth. He started moving my head up and down holding my hair and moaning. I opened my mouth and stuck my tongue forward to try and lick the underside of his cock while he face fucked me. My cock was getting harder as he talked dirty to me. 

"Yes baby," he hissed and leaned forward, "open your fucking mouth..."

He sat up, letting me return to sucking his cock by myself as I tried to catch my breath and clear my throat. He pulled off my underwear and threw them to the side, grabbing by ass and shaking it to make my butt wiggle. I put my hand on his dick for the first time and stroked it, sucking his huge balls and coating them with spit. He slapped my ass and made me jump, then started squeezing my butt and rubbing a wet finger on my hole, causing me to moan on his balls. I spread my legs for his hands and he started rubbing me deeper and playing with my cheeks.

"Fuck, you have a fat ass. Keep sucking baby."

He kept playing with my ass and started fingering my hole while I arched my back and gave him further access inside me. I moved back to his dick and started to bob my head up and down trying to make him moan again. After a minute of me trying to throat his 9" cock, and his hands running over my ass and back and neck and face, he pulled me softly by my hair and his cock popped out of my mouth. "Sit on my fucking face, I want to tongue fuck you." He laid down and I got up quickly and put my butt near his face. He grabbed my legs and hips and pulled me down on his lips, sticking his tongue up my ass. I could feel pleasure running through my whole body and my cock pulsed as I leaned forward and starting licking his balls and cock head, stroking him off. We 69'd for a couple minutes, him licking my hole and slapping and playing with my butt while I moaned with my lips wrapped around his cock. He tapped my thigh and stopped licking, so I got off and looked at him. He got up on his knees and pulled my head down to his dick, mouth fucking me slowly and holding my head up, making me look up at him.

"Are you ok?" He asked smiling. I laughed and nodded, licking his dick head and taking him down into my throat again, still only able to go about half way with his fat cock stretching my jaw out.

"Ok," he said, pulling me off again. "I want to cum inside you." I sat up and looked at his dick as I stroked it.

"I don't think that's gonna fit."

He smiled and leaned in to kiss my neck. Now, I don't normally get off on the idea of men's bodies or lips and I think they're kind of meh, but his muscles and deep voice made my dick get hard just sitting there. As he kissed my neck he reached around me and shook my big butt and slapped it, making a loud noise. Sam reached up and pinched my nipple while he sucked my neck and whispered in my ear.

"Let me try, I'll go slow."

He was asking obviously, but I felt like I couldn't say no, because I had gotten him rock hard and he seemed to love my ass and I was getting off on the attention. So I bent over doggy style and stuck my ass in the air. Sam pushed my legs apart and said, "Damn dude... your ass is so fucking fat and round in this position. Can you do the splits too?" I feel like he was joking, and since I didn't really want to try and hit the splits while getting fucked for the first time I just laughed it off. After a second of slapping my hole with his cock and squeezing my butt, he squirted the lube onto his cock and slowly started easing his dick inside.

When it first started to push inside I could feel the pain of a 9" cock stretching my asshole. So I grunted and pulled away, kind of freaked out, kind of turned on. He pulled out. Then went in. Then out. And after a couple minutes of thrusting I felt really full and he pulled my ass cheeks apart and sighed, "I'm inside you baby, how does that feel?" My ass kind of hurt and my face was warm and I felt breathless. But I nodded and softly said, "Keep going," which I didn't mean to be so quiet, but it came out like kind of a whimper. He started thrusting in and out slowly, adding lube every other stroke. After 8-10 strokes, my hole got used to it more and I started to push back against his cock. He was moaning softly and started to pull on my hips, slapping me against his cock and using my ass as a fuck toy. I was getting really turned on by being used like that.

"God yes," he moaned as my ass jiggled on his cock, "baby I love your fat fuckin ass. Holy fuck I want to cum inside you. You sexy fuckin slut." Hearing this I started to moan and stroke myself off while he fucked me hard, squeezing and slapping my ass with his big hands.

"Fuck yea bitch, bounce that ass against my dick. God dammit." He started to get really aggressive and his cock was slamming into me HARD and getting faster as he kept talking. "Fuck yea you little slut. Call me daddy baby, call me daddy while I fuck this ass."

I was so turned on by the mix of pain and his words I was almost shouting, stuttering, trying to get my words out as he fucked the shit out of me.

"Oh.. my god... daddyy... fuck me! I'm your fuckin slut!"

"Who's ass is this bitch?"

"Your ass d— oh fuck!"

And that's when he bottomed out in my ass and started pulling me closer to him, squeezing me hard.

"Yea baby take my cum!! Fuckkk..."

I could feel his cum shooting out of his fat, hard dick, splashing inside my ass as he milked him self with my hole. I moaned as he grunted and pushed himself inside me, moving his hands from my hips to my neck, pushing my face in the bed.

"Oh, fuck yeah. Holy shit. Take my load. You're so fucking tight."

He kept thrusting his cock inside me until he was finally done cumming, then pumped a few more times with my slick asshole, squeezing my big ass and moaning under his breath.

After he was done he slapped my ass and pulled out. He stayed on top of me squeezing my butt while I felt his cum leak out of me feeling really empty, then laid next to me breathing hard and started kissing my neck again. I laid next to him trying to catch my breath and still stroking my hard dick. He stopped breathing so hard after a moment and kissed my neck and ear and cheek, licking me as his strong hand moved down to my cock and started stroking.

"You still want to cum?"

I nodded and pushed my cock to fuck his hand. He kept jerking me off and whispering dirty talk into my ear until I blew a load all over his hand and the bed. He smiled and started kissing my whole body and massaging my ass, grinding his cock against my hole. I let him do that for a few minutes then got up and told him I had to leave.

"Just text me if you want to hang out again," and he gave me a piece of paper with his number on it. I grabbed it got dressed and left.

————————

2 days later

1:03am: Cum over

My dick started to get hard just reading that text. It was 1am and Sam hadn't messaged me and I hadn't talked to him at all since 2 days before when he came inside me. "Like rn?" I messaged back. The little dots appeared for just a second before he shot a text right back.

1:04am: yea

I was kind of turned on by his detachment to me because I knew as soon as I got there he'd be fawning over my body again and he'd treat me like a slutty chick. I told him I'd be over in 30min, then got cleaned up and left. I'd been jerking off to the memory of his cock in my mouth for 2 days and still wanted more. 

When I got to his house I was way less nervous than last time and went up and knocked. I was waiting for about 30 seconds when my phone went off.

1:27am: Yo just come in im in the bedroom

I felt really weird about going in his house by myself but I also wanted to suck dick so I opened the door and entered the dark living room. It was super quiet inside, except for muffled TV sounds from deeper inside down the hallway. I put my keys and wallet and phone on the little table by the door before shutting and locking it. I slipped off my basketball shorts and hoodie leaving me in just my undies again. I decided to wear a pair of girls boy shorts this time. They were soft cotton and really stretchy and delicate to a point where the sensation made my cock hard. They weren't exactly feminine but definitely not something I'd be caught wearing anywhere else. They really showed off my ass cheeks and bulge. 

I went down the hall and walked into the room to see Sam butt naked sitting on his bed, dick hard as fuck and he was stroking it slowly. On his tv was a jacked dude face fucking a pretty black girl. He smiled and stood up to walk over to me. I pushed Sam back over to the bed and made him sit, then kneeled down in front of him and faced his cock. He let it bob in front of my while I teased the head with small licks, tasting his precum and kissing the sides of his dick. He smelled really manly and I felt my underwear get a little tighter.

I put the head in my mouth and started licking. He moaned and shoved forward pushing the thing down my throat. I gagged a little and closed my eyes and tried to ignore it and let him push in and out of my mouth. He sighed and reached over my head to start playing with my ass. He thrust his dick in and out of my mouth while he slapped my ass and grunted. I pushed my tongue forward and bobbed my head with him while he humped my face, my lips wrapped around his cock. He had one hand on my butt and the other pushing my face into his crotch. My dick was getting hard and I reached down to start jerking off, using the other hand to stroke the part of his fat dick that couldn't make it down my throat.

"Oh shit," he grunted, "Suck it. Suck my fucking dick."

He pulled my head off his cock until just his dick head was in my mouth.

"Suck my cock."

I wrapped my lips around his cock head and started licking and sucking on the head while stroking his huge shaft.

"Fuck yeah baby. God dammit you have a hot mouth. You want my cum?"

I nodded and moaned with his dick in my mouth. He pushed his dick further in and slapped my butt.

"You want that fucking cum baby?"

He pulled out again, pointing his cock at my mouth and face. I stuck out my tongue and started licking the tip of his dick and moaning a little while I jerked off. He wrapped his hand around his dick and stroked his dick, his breathing getting heavy.

"I want your load daddy... cum for me."

He was cursing under his breath as I licked the precum off his dick and hand while he jerked off.

"Give me your cum daddy. I want that load in my mouth. Shoot on my face."

I reached up and started playing with his balls, then started sucking them while he pulled my hair and groaned.

"Oh fuck, I'm gonna cum," he said under his breath, "Holy fuck. You're my little slut, take my fucking cum. You sexy little bitch."

I pulled back and stuck my tongue out, cradling his nuts with my hand.

"Yes Daddy give it to me!"

He groaned for the last time and squeezed his dick hard as his load started shooting out. The first shot his my cheeks and forehead, and the rest sprayed all over my tongue and face. It dropped down my chin and I swirled my tongue around the tip of his dick as he shot his cum and moaned. I could feel the warm goo all over my face and tasted it in my mouth. It turned me on to know he blew that load because of me.

"Open your fucking mouth. Fuck. You're such a fucking slut."

He kept shooting, getting most of it on my mouth and cheeks. Sam pushed his dick back in my mouth and started face fucking me again, slow, emptying the last of his cum in my mouth. He pulled out when he was finished and slapped my cum covered cheek with his wet dick.

"Lick it up," Sam commanded, "Then open your little mouth and let me see it."

His cum tasted bitter but I licked his entire cock slowly until all the jizz was gone. My dick was rock hard as I opened my mouth and he moaned softly. He slapped his cock on my tongue and stuck a thumb in my mouth, pushing his cum around.

"Swallow my cum baby." He said this really soft and gentle as I looked up at him, covered in semen. He lightly squeezed my face and stared down at me, licking his lips and catching his breath. I swallowed his bitter load and stuck out my tongue again, showing him my clean mouth.

"You're fucking hot. Are you sure you like girls?" He smiled and put his fingers back in my mouth. I ignore his comments and sucked on his finger for a few seconds before putting my mouth on his nuts and kissing and licking them while his dick deflated. He sighed and laid back on the bed. I kept kissing his balls and softly rubbing his dick until he pulled me up on the bed and stuck his tongue out and wiggled it. I laughed and moved up further, putting my butt near his face, laying next to him. He so much taller than me, when he started licking my ass and balls I could basically just kiss and lick his stomach and maybe the tip of his dick from the angle. He pulled my underwear down to under my ass, giving him easy access to my hole, then stuck his tongue up my ass and reached around to jerk me off and hold my balls. I leaned in and started licking his stomach and stroking his cock head, sucking on it as best I could from that angle.

I didn't feel my orgasm at first. He was eating my ass and jerking off my dick which felt great, when out of nowhere he slapped my ass and stuck his tongue deep as possible inside me. I groaned out loud and without warning blew my load onto the bed and shot some on his chest. When I was finished emptying my load I pushed his hand away and laid there, face still cum covered. He leaned over and licked my balls and ass again, softly pushing my face into the bed.

"Thanks for eating my cum," he said, muffled as his tongue entered my ass again, "Want to hang out and eat more later?"

I let him eat my ass for a couple minutes before I responded. "I have to go home, I'm tired as fuck."

He shrugged and pulled away. "That's fine, just hit me up."

I reached over and grabbed his cock and stroked it a few times. He smiled and reached over, pulling me by my hair down to his dick. I laughed again and started sucking his cock softly.

"Or," he whispered as he squeezed my butt through my underwear, "Sleep here and let me use your ass tomorrow morning."

I nodded with my head in his lap, sliding my tongue around his cock head and licking his whole shaft down to his balls. His cock was getting hard again.

I kept bobbing my head up and down in Sams lap, drooling all over his cock for awhile, listening to the sounds of some chick getting railed out on the tv. Sams cock was staying in kind of a half chub while he flipped through porn on the tv trying to find something he liked. He fondled my ass and played with my hair while I licked him softly.

"I thought you were tired."

I shook my head and mumbled "nuh-uh," keeping him between my lips. I kept licking the whole shaft of his dick to give my jaw a break, massaging his nuts in my hand. He stopped flipping through channels and started watching me blow him.

"Yeah baby just like that..." he sighed, running his fingers through my hair as I kissed his balls and stroked him. I put my wet lips all over his smooth sack and sucked his nuts into my mouth one at a time, gently rubbing his dick.

He started to get really hard again. Sam lubed his finger and started pushing it into my ass, fingering my hole. I whimpered a little as his thick fingers entered me and he squeezed my cheeks. I moved my mouth back to his rod and pushed it far as it would go in my mouth. He moaned and spanked me, grabbing the back of my head and holding him self in my throat.

"Swallow my cock, baby... you're such a good little dick eater."

His deep voice was just egging me on to fuck my face with his cock. I reached under his leg to stable myself and started bobbing really quick while sucking him. My dick was getting hard again listening to him moan and feeling him shake my big butt.

I pulled off him to breathe and then went back to sucking his balls and jerking him off. "You like my mouth, daddy?" I mumbled in between licks.

"Fuck yeah baby... suck my dick again."

I really loved the submissive type of power my tongue had over this huge dude. I felt really girly and slutty and in control all at once and just kept licking his balls.

"You want me to lick your cock?" I asked quietly.

"Yes baby lick my cock."

"But I love sucking your big fucking nuts daddy, let me jerk you off while I lick them," I said, almost in a begging voice.
