 After my experience with Sam, he seemed down to fuck me anytime I wanted. Getting fucked is fun, but honestly I like sucking cock and making guys cum a lot more.

So I posted some pictures on CL with this ad:

Masculine straight guy wants to suck cock and get treated like a slut. In good shape, big butt, send pics in email.

I got started taking to this guy named Ben. He was tall and white, 7" cock, average thickness. He had a little belly and a beard also. Ben stood out to me because he said he loved dirty talk and loved spanking, which are both awesome. After he told me how hot he thought my ass was and how much he loved my mouth and body, I was hooked on the attention again.

He sent some pictures of his cock and it didn't look crazy big which was good for me, and he seemed really nice and wanted "to see if we could hang out and see where it leads."

So after we decide neither of us are serial killers or drug addicts we start texting.

Ben: hey it's Ben. This Throwgay?

Me: yes sir :)

Ben: haha sir I like that so respectful

Me: that's me 

Ben: so when can we get together? I'm free tonight if you want to come over

Me: wow first time and you're gonna netflix and chill me huh

Ben: omg haha no we can just see where it goes

Me: ok well give me your address and a time I'll come by then :)

So he gives me the address and I think the confidence I have about totally going to swallow this dudes cum is because his dick isn't as big as Sams? So I felt really comfortable with it. Anyway, he tells me like 7 o clock I think and I was off work that day. I got ready and went over. Walking up to the door I actually got a little nervous, so I just reminded myself that he was probably more nervous than me, because he doesn't know if he's getting laid or not. The power of femininity I suppose. I knock and after a moment he answers.

Just like his pictures he's tall, maybe 6'1, white, brown hair and a beard. He was wearing a polo shirt and jeans, and I could smell cologne on him.

"Hey! Come in." He smiled at me and I smiled back and walked in. "You can sit down wherever."

I chose to wear sweats with no underwear and sneakers, and a baggy T-shirt, which felt trashy now that I saw him in actual clothes. But I knew I was just gonna take them off anyway. I slipped off my sneakers at the door and looked around his living room. It was pretty normal, with the lamp by the L-Shape couch, the coffee table, nice TV. His apartment looked like a 2 bedroom and wondered what kind of bed he had.

"Want something to drink?"

He snapped me out of me being nosy and I shook my head. "No I'm good thanks." I sat down on the inside corner of the L-shaped couch. "Come here." I said, placing my hand on the cushion next to me.

He laughed as he sat down. "Cuddling on the first date, huh? Seems like, uh..." his voice trailed off as I leaned in and licked his ear, reaching for his belt.

"Take this off," I whispered in his ear. He cleared his throat and stood up to undo his belt. I rubbed his semi hard dick through his jeans as he fumbled with the belt and button. I reached up and unzipped them for him. He dropped his jeans to the floor and kicked them off his feet. He was wearing boxer briefs that hugged his cock and balls. I pushed my face up against them and breathed hot air on his dick, my hand going up his underwear to play with his balls. He spread his legs a little and I grabbed his underwear and tugged them down. He kicked those off too and pulled his shirt over his head.

"Mmmm you have a big cock," I sighed, letting the tip of his dick enter my mouth and rest on my tongue. I sucked lightly, running my tongue over his sensitive cock head. He didn't touch me, just moaned a little. I kept licking his rod as it got harder, stiffening out inside my mouth as I tried to deep throat. I got a lot closer than I did with Sam, and almost got to his nuts. He was groaning and thrusting in and out of my mouth. I pulled off him and stroked his cock.

"You like my mouth?"

He looked like he was already about to cum. "Oh man... you have a hot mouth."

I licked the tip of his dick a little, teasing him. "You want to play with my ass?" I asked. He let out a grunt and said, "Fuck yes I do!"

I smiled and turned around, showing him my clothed ass. I kneeled on the couch and let him peel back my sweat pants himself.

"Oh shit," he muttered, squeezing my plump cheeks, "this is hot."

My cock was getting harder as this guy played with my ass, rubbing a wet finger over my hole and sticking his cock between the cheeks and fucking them slowly. It felt great every time he slid his dick over my hole. Then without warning he laid a huge slap on my ass cheek. I whimpered loudly and it felt like a full force strike. Then he did it two more times.

"You like that?" He asked. I feel like he wasn't really expecting an answer. I wiggled my ass in response, feeling his cock between my cheeks as I shook it.

"Yes Daddy..." I said under my breath, jerking my own cock.

"Yeah... you have a sexy ass." Ben kept massaging my ass, rubbing my hole with his wet fingers, thrusting his cock between my cheeks. I kept jerking off to the feeling of his dick sliding over my hole. He kept making these sexy grunts over and over. After awhile he said, "Turn around. Get on your knees."

I got off the couch and slid down, mouth open. He stuck his wet cock in right away, and I started sliding my mouth up and down the shaft, cradling his balls.

"Oh shit. Oh shit! Yeah, blow my cock. Use your tongue dude."

I started licking his cock more and stroking his lower shaft, causing him to start thrusting more. He pulled back a little, moving me away from the couch so he could get at my ass. He kept thrusting lightly in my mouth, grunting as he slapped my ass. I flinched every time he did it and my cock stayed rock hard, dripping precum.

"Fuck yeah man. Oh yeah your mouth is so sexy. Jerk it on your face! Lick the head..."

I pulled his dick out of my mouth and started stroking it on my face. He kept grunting and reaching down to shake my butt with his hand. 

"Get on your hands and knees," he uttered breathlessly. "I want to play with your butt."

I did as I was told and he started face fucking me full force, on his knees while I was on all fours. I felt like such a bitch.

"Ah, fuck, yes, oh shit... shit... suck it!"

His hands were on my ass, fingering my hole and slapping, squeezing and gripping it while he rode my throat with his 7" cock.

"Oh shit. Dude... I'm gonna cum... fuck. Twerk for me. Shake your ass."

He stopped thrusting his cock down my throat and held it halfway in my mouth, stroking the shaft. I started shaking my ass as best I could and he kept talking dirty and jerking off in my mouth.

"Oh shit! Fuck! Shit yeah! I'm cumming! I'm... shit. Fuck!"

He blew his load in my mouth and it shot all over my tongue. I started swallowing and sucking his cock which made him start thrusting and slapping my butt again. He grunted and cursed the whole time his load was shooting in my mouth and his cock twitched. 

"Oh fuck dude! Holy shit! Ah... uh... fff... fuck. Oh shit."

As he came down from his orgasm and his cock deflated I cleaned him off and got dressed. He fell on the couch to recover as I plopped next to him and started to rub his balls.

We stayed like that for a couple minutes and I told him we should hang out again soon.

I let him fuck me the next time we hung out.