 As I drove slowly throughout the business park, my mind swirled with conflicting thoughts. What was I thinking? Was I really going to go through with this? Part of me just wanted to drive away and forget that I ever even seriously considered doing this? It's one thing to think about this type of thing as pure fantasy but something altogether different to do it for real. But, the other part of me said that if I don't do it now, I may never muster the nerve to try it again. I felt that I just had to know what it felt like just one if my life. 

I was heading for an appointment. But, this was not just any appointment. I was going there to suck another man's cock for the first time in my life. And, to make matters all the more exciting or tense depending upon one's perspective, the scene was going to be filmed on video for distribution on an amateur gay website.

The circumstances that led to this whole experience hardly developed overnight. As a guy in my early 30s, I had been watching mostly straight porn regularly for some ten or so years. Initially, I concentrated mainly on the women themselves and paid little attention to anything else. But, as time passed, I found myself starting to wonder how the woman felt as they first performed outwardly submissive acts, particularly being naked on their knees giving guys blow jobs and taking cum in their face or mouths.  

I particularly enjoyed watching woman who seemed some more quiet and reserved than typical porn starlets; for that reason, I tended to concentrate on amateur porn that featured "everyday" woman. I wondered if this is something that they truly enjoyed or whether they were just going through the motions, so to speak, to obtain some quick cash. 

The curiosity intensified with the passage of time. And, as I continued to watch porn, I found myself starting to fantasize about doing the things that those woman did that turned me on so much – namely giving guys blowjobs and taking their cum. Each time I viewed these scene, I wish I were the one in the video giving those blowjobs.

I dismissed these thoughts as nothing more than pure fantasy and certainly nothing that I would do in real life. And, because I'm otherwise totally straight and quite conservative in nature, I also felt somewhat awkward and perhaps even somewhat guilty that I fantasizing this way in the first place. So, I simply continued watching the videos without much more thought. 

But, then, out of pure happenstance, I stumbled across something that changed all of that. I was searching the web for some straight porn featuring blow jobs and facial cumshots when I inadvertently got redirected to an amateur gay porn site run by a guy called Frank. The site supposedly featured straight guys giving blowjobs for the first time in their lives and for the first time on camera. Although I was quite familiar with straight porn websites and usually could distinguish between true amateur performers and professionals, I really didn't know anything about gay porn at the time and didn't know if the site's claims were true. Regardless, though, the very idea that a straight guy such as myself would agree to give another guy a blowjob for the first time in his life, while being videotaped no less, intrigued the hell out of me. 

I checked out the sample videos and then signed up for a trial membership. As I watched the scene, I got the indeed sense that some of the guys featured in some of the videos indeed were new to all of this. Some of the cues were pretty subtle, such as minor things that indicated to me that they were a bit nervous and uneasy about the whole situation. The set-up of each of the scenes was fairly straightforward. Basically, the guy walked into Frank's office (a fairly spartan one at that), engaged in a brief interview, and then stripped naked to give Frank a blow job to completion. I never got a look at Frank face. But, judging from the sound of his voice and appearance of his body, I imagined that he probably was in his 40s. He appeared to be of a somewhat stocky build with a cock of fairly average size. In some cases, Frank came directly into the guy's mouth; in other cases, he jacked off onto the guy's face. Frank seemed to produce an above-average amount of cum; that certainly enhanced the visual appear of the cumshots. In most cases, Frank shot the scene holding the camera himself in the "point of view" style that has become somewhat common in straight porn; in a few cases, it was clear that either the camera was mounted on a tripod or operated by another person, somebody who was out of view and not part of the scene itself. At the time, I had no idea who that cameraperson was.

Watching these videos further intensified my curiosity. Although the scenes did not have the same pure visual appeal for me as watching straight porn, they did fuel a bunch of thoughts of how the guy felt doing what he was doing. Indeed, these guys were carrying out the very acts that had become the subject of my fantasies for some time now. Did they feel nervous? Excited? Awkward? I felt myself starting to identify with them, if only vicariously.

Like many sites of this type, this one invited guys who were interesting in participating in one of the videos to contact Frank for a possible shoot. The contact information reiterated the theme that the producer really was seeking straight guys who are curious about trying something new. Given my increasing curiosity level, I wanted to get additional information about the whole process without necessarily doing anything further. I figured that I would call Frank just to discuss the process without actually acting upon it. But, each time I got close to actually phoning him, I basically chickened out; after all, what was I possibly thinking contacting a complete stranger asking him if he would be interesting in having me suck his cock on camera. So, for some time, nothing happened. 

But, despite all this hesitation on my part, the curiosity continued to build to a point where I felt I had to do something, anything, to progress to the next level or just abandon the idea once and for all. So, one day, I decided to go just a little bit further. I picked up the phone, rang Frank's number and tensely awaited his response. After a couple of rings, Frank picked up the phone. I fumbled my way through the explanation of why I was calling, all the time almost disbelieving that I actually had gotten to this point. I think he sensed the tension in my voice and acted to reassure me that the process here isn't meant to intimidating or anything like that. He said a lot of new guys feel a little uneasy at first. He seemed pretty sincere and down-to-earth. In the end, we scheduled a meeting for that upcoming Saturday afternoon at this office. But, although I had gotten to the point of speaking him by phone, I still didn't think that I actually would appear in person at his office. 

Between that call and Saturday, my curiosity and anxiety each reached new heights. I had watched a seemingly countless number of blow-job scenes; most of the woman made the act of giving blow-jobs seem rather routine. But, the thought of giving a blowjob job myself, let alone on video, didn't seem routine at all. This, after all, was way out of character for me. Although I had gotten to this point, the reality of the situation quickly was becoming evident. I quite seriously was beginning to think that this was the extent of it and that I would go no further. 

When Saturday morning arrived, the indecision continued. I went through my normal routine of errands but made a point to drive to the business park where Frank's office was located. Although I had not yet fully committed to proceed with the appointment, I figured I could at least pass by the area to see what it looked like and perhaps catch a glimpse of Frank. I arrived there quite early around 10:00 even thought the appointment was not scheduled to begin until 10:30. I drove slowly in and around the parking lot. Because this was a Saturday morning, the parking lot was pretty much empty. I guess I was a little relieved to see nobody because, if they knew what I was doing there, I probably would be somewhat embarrassed. When I approached the address that Frank had supplied, I came across a plain-looking office front, one that contained signs featuring various insurance products. Because nobody was in the area, I peered through the windows but did not see anything unusual for that type of office environment. At first, I wondered if perhaps Frank had provided or if I had written down the wrong address. But, I didn't think much about it because I figured that perhaps Frank had a back room in which he shot the scenes out of public view. 

From there, I just kind of wandered aimlessly back in the direction of my car firm in the conviction that this was enough of all this nonsense; I almost felt relieved that I had finally made a firm decision not to proceed any further. But, then, out of nowhere, a young female voice asked "Are you here for the video shoot?" I about froze dead in my tracks. Who was this person? And, how did she know why I was there? 

I turned and slowly approached her. She seemed to be a young women in her early 20s with a slightly tomboyish look, sporting rather shortest hair and a slender, almost athletic, build. I struggled mightily to find words to extricate myself from this whole mess. At one point, I just thought that I would walk quickly towards my car and leave for good. But, for whatever reason, I spoke with her and acknowledged that I indeed was there for the shoot. She said that her name was Kim and explained that she was Frank's assistant and that, from time to time, she handled the videography work. I guess this answered my question about the identity of the nameless, faceless person who handled the camera when Frank was not shooting in POV style. She went on to say that Frank asked her to organize everything and get things started because he was running a little late and wouldn't arrive at the office until 11:00. 

She invited me into the office and, for reasons that I may not ever fully understand, I accepted. For her, this all seemed very routine and professional. Did she understand the inner turmoil that I was experiencing at the moment? I had the same sinking feeling that I often had as I waited in the dentist's waiting room, anxiously awaiting my turn. The thought of given a guy a blow-job itself was quite intimidating; the thought of doing it on film and now in front of a woman made it all the more so. She asked me to fill out a couple of legal forms and so forth. She asked casually if I had never done this before. I told her that this was my first time and told her that I really couldn't believe I was doing this. At this point, she may have sensed that I was somewhat nervous as I must have come across somewhat frozen and totally unsure of myself. She said that I shouldn't worry about anything and that I would have a really good time; after all, she said, this was just sex, nothing more. That was easy for her to say; I was the guy here who shortly would be engaging in gay sex for the first time in my life. As time went by, I seriously considered just getting up, walking out and ending this for good. But, I didn't. I just waited there, probably looking totally sheepish. As Kim and I continued to talk, sometimes about everyday things, I oddly found that her gentle demeanor and reassuring attitude calmed me a bit (though not much).

Then, I heard the sound of a car in the distance, followed sounds of footsteps as Frank walked towards the office and opened the door. I got my first good look at Frank. Some of my earlier impressions were confirmed. He was in fact in his middle forties, standing about 5' 8" and sporting a somewhat stocky build. He introduced himself in much the same way as a new business acquaintance would do, firm and confidant but a little detached. He apologized for being late but said that he was glad I was there considering that a lot of first-timers fail to appear at all without any notification whatsoever. I still wasn't sure why I was still there. But, I knew that, with each passing minute, I was getting drawn deeper and deeper into this whole thing and that getting out of it would be increasingly difficult to do. Perhaps, I was just intrigued to see in person what really goes on in a porn shoot, perhaps not quite making the connection perhaps that this was my own porn shoot. 

He asked Kim and me to follow him to the back room where the shoots are done. Just as I concluded as I had watched his videos on the web, the room was very spartan. Frank sat behind a small desk. I sat on a couch and Kim started taping the proceedings. I guess this was the moment of truth, the point of no return. Although I could have just left, I was afraid that I would look like a bumbling idiot. And, perhaps, just perhaps, the thought of doing something that I had longed to do for some time now was proving to be quite exciting.

Frank started with a short interview. He explained his story in much the same fashion that he had done in other shoots. He said that although he had grown up straight, he had come to find that he like getting blow jobs so much that he had long since stopped caring whether he got them from woman or men. So, he'd figure that he increase the number of blow-jobs that he'd received and also making a little money in the process by setting up this web-site. I innocently asked why he didn't set up a "conventional" web-site featuring young ladies like a lot of other producers do. He said that he found working with other guys to be somewhat easier. He then asked me about why I had gotten into this. I responded with a brief response that it simply was always something I wanted to try. To which he responded that I had come to the right place. I found myself drawn into the discussion itself; and, although I always was aware of Kim's presence in the room, I guess I didn't dwell on it. 

After 5 or 10 minutes of talk, Frank asked if I was ready to get started. And, then the reality really set in. Although I had imagined this scene many times in the days leading up to this event, doing it for real took on a whole new dimension. In a totally non-chalant kind of way, he told me to strip. Neither Kim nor he seemed to think that this was a big deal. But, as was my nature, I was feeling somewhat modest about getting totally naked in front of two strangers. But, somehow, I mustered the nerve to go through with it, trying to look casual about the whole thing. I started with my shoes, shirts and jeans. Then, I removed my socks. I was left standing there briefly in my underwear. And, then off they came. Although I had not consciously thought about the reaction all of this was having on me, I was surprised to find that I was semi-hard at this point. Anyway, I just kind of stood there like a deer in the headlights awaiting Frank's next instructions. 

Frank and Kim took a couple of minutes making some technical arrangement with the lights and cameras. After they finished that, Frank removed his clothes until he too was totally naked. Because he had done this type of scene many times before, he seemed very relaxed being naked. And, Kim herself didn't seem to think that there was anything unusual happening here. For her, too, this really was just another day in the office, so to speak. But, for me, this was not just any day. Here I was, standing stark naked in front of two strangers, about ready to give head to another guy for the first time in my life while a young woman filmed the event for others to see. This all was starting to seem quite surreal. But, by this point, I was far down the road to turn back now.

Franks next set of directions got me all the much closer to doing the deed. As he stood and leaned back against one of the walls, he told Kim to get in position with her camera standing beside him and then told me to get on my knees directly in front of him. I did as I was told. My knees planted firmly into the carpeted floor. I felt my own cock brush the floor. My head was now at face level with Frank's cock. This is the very cock that I had seen on his web-site; and, now, here I sat (or knelt to be more precise) with that same cock staring me right in my eyes. I meekly looked at up at him as if awaiting further direction. In the corner of my eye, I noticed Kim holding the camera and looking at me intently; the glare of the camera light was a bit disorienting. Frank gently nudged his head as if to say that we should get started. 

And, so we did. With my right hand, I took a firm hold of his cock and starting to stroke with it. With my left hand, I cupped his balls. I faintly detected a slightly musky smell that I often had heard others describe. Although I had stroked my own cock seemingly countless times before, stroking another man's cock provided a different sensation altogether. Perhaps it was just the angle or the slightly different dimensions of his cock. Although at this point he probably was only half erect, his cock was probably 5" in length and a little wider than my own. He gradually grew in length and firmness. The head of his cock was starting to turn into a purplish shade. Although this had only been taking place for a minute or so, it seemed as though more time had passed because I was still quite unsure of what I was doing or even why I was still here.

But, I knew this wasn't just a hand-job video and that simply stroking him as I had been doing was only a warm-up to the real deal. I moved my head in the direction of his cock and then opened my mouth to accept his cock. This was it, I thought to myself. He shifted his stance slightly and put his cock inside mouth. I simply did what I had seen so many women do on film. I sucked his cock back and forth. I now was a cocksucker in a very literal sense. 

His cock felt larger in my mouth than it did when I simply was holding it. And, it was warmer too. I dropped my right hand to my side, almost wanting to stroke my own cock but decided against it because, in my heightened state of arousal and all-around tension, I'd almost certainly cum all too quickly. I continued to use my left hand to cup his balls gently and stroke the base of his cock. His cock grew some more until it reached its fully-erect state of perhaps 7" inches or so. As the minutes passed, my initial nervousness subsided as I found myself settling into a fairly steady rhythm and adjusting to my role as a cocksucker. 

Kim remained totally silent throughout everything; from time to time, she would adjust her position to get a different angle. Although many women probably would have viewed what I was doing as being somewhat pathetic or strange, she never said or did anything of a judgmental nature.

I hope I was doing a good job. And, I think I was given Frank's physical response and occasional words of encouragement. Although I was too insecure in what I was doing to stray too far from a basic cocksucking technique, I occasionally adjusted my hand positions and the intensity with which I applied my mouth to his cock. 

Throughout this time, the filming was continuous. But, after ten minutes or so, Frank told Kim to break so that we could set up for the cum-shot. From my previous viewing of Frank's work, I know that the cumshots were quite important to him. He approached them with meticulous detail. He always seem to take great care at achieving a good camera angle as well as a good physical position between himself and the guy so that cum would land where it was intended to land – on the guy's face or mouth – and not on the floor or anything like that. Frank always seemed to produce an above-average amount of cum, most of it of the creamy-white variety. 

Frank told Kim to stand on small step-ladder in back of him and to position the camera in a nearly vertical position, almost as if he himself were shooting the tape in a POV style. In a very matter-of-fact manner, Frank then asked me what I'd prefer – straight in the mouth, on the face or a combination. Just hearing him ask the question of that type reinforced the realization that I truly had ventured into territory that was totally new for me. I asked what he meant the last of the choices, what he called the "combination". He said that, basically, he would cum on my face and that, after a short while, he or Kim would scoop the cum from my face with a spoon and then feed me the goo. Whatever possessed me to answer as I did, I said that we should do the combination. He said that sounded good to him. 
