 I had just turned 26 years old last month. My girlfriend gave me more pleasure than any man could ask for. I had a good job and commanded a lot of respect from my peers. But something was always there...a desire to suck a mans cock until he came. 

I knew how I liked my cock to be sucked so I figured I would be great at giving head. 

I should make it clear that I am in no way attracted to men in any way. The thought of making out with another guy makes me want to puke, but I did have a craving for cock. 

I knew if I ever had the chance I would jump right on it and suck it like a bitch...and tonight I did. 

I was cruising the local sex board and saw a posting from a 29 year old white male with a 7.5" cut cock. He was in good shape and was looking for some oral fun sometime after midnight. Since his hotel was close to the airport I knew right where he was. 

I sent him an email giving him my stats and saying I was interested in meeting him that night. 

By this time it was 1:30 in the morning and I knew I was going to be staying up the rest of the night. 

He emailed me back around 2:00 and said to come on over. 

So I grabbed my jacket, washed off my cock and hit the road. I got to the hotel at 2:45 a.m. and went to room 261...I knocked on the door.

When the door opened there was a normal looking guy in shorts and a t-shirt looking at me. He had a sort of smile on his face and I knew he thought I looked good. 

We stood there for a few seconds and just moved around awkwardly...I asked him what he wanted to do (hoping he would take the lead) but all he said was "I don't know". That was when I took off my pants, letting my smooth shaved cock dangle in this studs face. He followed by sliding off his shorts and revealing to me the nicest smooth cut cock I had ever seen. It was so velvety soft and seemed to draw me in closer.

I took it in my hand as he reached around and grabbed mine, we fondled each other for a few minutes before I finally told him to sit on the edge of the bed. 

He slid to the edge of the bed and I knelt down in front of him, it seemed like a movie as I grabbed his semi hard cock and took it in my virgin mouth.

Suddenly something inside me took over as I found myself wanting his cock to fill my mouth. I was slopping and slurping like a little whore. Giving what I considered to be the best blowjob ever given in the Midwest. I found myself wanting his cum all over me...more than any desire I've ever had...I wanted this mans cum! I sucked and sucked as he guided my hand to his balls, I began feeling them. Rolling them lightly through my fingers while I rammed his hard cock down the back of my throat. 

I could hear myself choking and sounding like a little slut as he continued pumping my face over and over again. I pulled his cock out of my mouth and slapped my face and lips with it. Smearing my spit and his precum all over my nose and chin. 

And then it happened, he told me he was going to cum and I pulled his cock back and aimed it right at my face...stroking and stroking him until finally a warm spray laced my eyebrows and nose with him hot cum. It just kept squirting all over me for what seemed like 30 seconds. 

I gave his cock one or two more slow squeezes before finally getting up and walking into the bathroom. 

I grabbed a towel and wiped all the cum off my face but realized it had gotten all over my shirt too. 

I walked back out into the room to see my man sitting with a look of disbelief on his face. 

Suddenly I didn't even need my cock sucked, the look of satisfaction on his face was all I needed. 

I got my pants on and gave him a hug bye, he promised to email me whenever he comes into town. 

I really hope so too, because now I'm afraid I'm addicted to sucking cock. 

My worst fear may be true, I may be bisexual...or even gay...either way, it was unlike anything I could have ever imagined. If you've got a fantasy, live it out guys. Nothing beats a hard wet cock slapping you in the face and covering you in sweet hot cum. 

Wow I am hooked!