  This story of course is complete fiction, to anyone out there that this resembles it is not intentional. Of course you should always practice safe sex, this is pure fantasy. 

As anyone else would when I look back on my life, I wonder was my life a full and happy one. Do you look at the glass is it half empty or half full. Mine was half empty until I met him.

It was a hot summers day I had spent the day at the beach catching waves, they were breaking hard all day long. The beach was full of surfers and swimmers, it was a typical summer day, then sitting astride my board watching others in the pipe, cresting a major wave there he was. 

His ride was just right he was working the board and having a good ride. I had never seen him here before and couldn't help but watch him, his shoulder length sandy blonde hair whipping behind him, even in his wet suit I could tell he had a good body, a surfers body. Mind you at that time I wasn't gay nor had I had any gay intentions, but I get ahead of myself here I should start at the beginning instead of the middle.

My name is Ryland, I live in San Clemente California. At the ripe old age of 18 I was working two jobs to support myself and my girlfriend Angie. We had dated all through high school and the last two months of our senior year we found out she was pregnant. 

Myself I didn't have the greatest childhood and wanted better for my child, so we did the right thing. We moved into an apartment together, we decided that getting married wasn't an option for us our relationship was strained as it was it didn't need a marriage to make it even more stressful. 

I worked at a carwash until 8, then went to work at a restaurant until midnight or better nearly every night. Angie worked too until she had to quit when it became too hard for her to work when she was so far along. 

We both had wanted to go to college, those plans of course were put on the back burner when she got pregnant. Raising a baby and working was all we were going to have time for at the moment. 

Christmas Eve she went into labor, she was in such pain I didn't know what to do. I was no more ready for this than she was but there it was or I should say there he was. A son, Thomas John.

We were so happy to have him finally here, he was a good baby. We took him everywhere with us. We had graduated high school and became parents all in the same year, we both ended up having to get full time jobs, it was really hard for a while we hardly saw each other, our shifts were staggered so that one of us was with T.J. at all times, we didn't have any extra money for babysitters.

Then it got to the point that we didn't go out, we didn't see our friends, and I hardly got a chance to go surfing. Taking care of T.J. and working, it was taking a real toll on Angie and I. we were constantly fighting about one thing or another, we didn't sleep together hardly at all.

T.J. was about two when things in our home changed, she started going out a lot with her friends leaving T.J. with our neighbor Mrs. Holland. I would come home from work and find a note on the door to go pick him up. Things were starting to get out of hand, I heard rumors that she was seeing some guy that she met at a bar. Our last fight came a few weeks later, the next morning I woke up to find that she had left in the middle of the night, she packed her stuff and just left. No note, no nothing, she just walked out me and our son.

Becoming a single father overnight was almost more than I could handle, if it hadn't been for Mrs. Holland (Marge) I don't know what I would have done. She helped me by taking care of T.J. during the day while I worked. I had to find another job that paid more and had better hours. Luckily I found one with a construction firm, I started out as a laborer and the pay was pretty good.

We did everything together, on my days off which weren't many I took him to the beach. At three I took him out on my board and he took to it like a fish to water. He was a real natural. I took him out as often as I could. 

It had been a long time since I had anytime to myself, Marge was going to her sisters in the valley and asked if she could take T.J. with her, her sisters grandchildren were coming to her farm for her birthday and she thought that T.J. would love to see the horses, cows and other animals. It took some convincing on her part we had never been apart from each other since he was born but I relented and allow him to go.

"Please Ryland, take this time to yourself. You have been working so hard since Angie left. He will be just fine with me and he has never seen a real farm before it will be a real learning experience for him."

"Alright, I give. Are you sure you really want to do this, you know what a handful he can be?"

"I am sure, he will be fine and there will other kids there. He needs to be around other kids his own age now Ryland."

"I know, you keep telling me this."

"You are a great father Ryland I have to hand it to you it's not every guy that would have been able to hold it together after she left. Raising your son on your own, working and keeping things going for him. You are one of a kind and I am very proud of you."

"Thank you, I could never have done it without you. You have been more of a grandmother for T.J. than just a babysitter and I appreciate more than you know what you have done for us. When Angie left I thought it was the end of the world, you helped me pull my head out of my ass and get started on the business of being a good father."

"You two are the most important men in my lives, when Artie died I had no one else besides my sister, with no children of my own. You have been like a son to me, and I love that boy in there."

I hugged her and she laughed, "look at us getting all nostalgic you would think we were coming back or something. It's only for a few days and you and T.J. could use the break from each other."

"You promise that you'll call every night, let him call my cell when ever he wants day or night alright."

"You have my word. Now lets get his things together I want to leave first thing in the morning."

That morning was really hard on me, I had never been away from him, nor him from me. He was really excited I could tell, he could hardly sit still when I was buckling him into his booster seat. I kissed him and hugged Marge, she got in the car and then they were gone. My heart felt like it was being torn out I nearly ran after the car. But I didn't, I did need this break, I had thought about it all night. I hadn't even had a date in God knows how long. No time, and no real desire to. Angie's leaving had really hurt me terribly the way she had left T.J.

We haven't heard from her in the last two years, T.J. was nearly five and getting ready to start kindergarten. It's hard to believe it has been that long ago.

I threw my long board in the back of the truck with my wet suit and headed down to the beach for a day of surfing. I hadn't been able to do that on my own since I found out that I was going to be a father.

The waves were breaking hard when I got there, the beach was a bit crowded so I headed down to the next inlet. There weren't too many people there. I hit a few good rides, it felt great to not have to worry about what time I got done, to not even think about time. 

I was just relaxing sitting on my board, just watching the others ride the waves, when I saw this guy break off from the others. He had a ride going, he was working his board like a pro, he was amazing.

I caught the next wave into the beach, I got out and unzipped my wet suit. I started back to the truck, he was standing there by my truck. I tossed my wet suit into the back of the truck and dropped the gate and put my board in. Sitting on the gate I began to towel myself off.

I looked over and he was looking at me I looked away quickly. I looked back over and he had taken off his suit. His body was breath taking, his abs were tight, he was lean and not too muscular. His shoulder length sandy hair, blue eyes were striking against his tan. What in the hell was I thinking, and turned away.

"Hey, you caught a pretty good wave out there."

"Yeah, you too. You work your board like a pro, you been surfing a long time?"

"All my life it seems, I did tour the pro circuit for a while when I was younger, I had to give it up when I got hurt. That was a long time ago though, it feels good to be back on a board again. By the way my name is Jaime," he said holding his hand out. 

I took his hand, "I'm Ryland, nice to meet you. Wait Jaime, are you Jaime Wade?"

"Yeah that's me."

"Wow, I was just finishing high school when you were pro. You got hurt during a competition somewhere overseas wasn't it?"

"Yeah I was in Singapore, a earthquake hit and caused a tsunami, I tried to ride the big wave it took me out, I got two broken legs, a broken wrist, and a bruised brain for my trouble. I lost my ride after that because the doctors said that couldn't surf professionally again."

"Wow that's pretty harsh. What did you do then?"

"Well I went back to school and now I am a architect, I always liked drawing too, I guess one passion turned into a different one. Lives change, people change, my life is pretty good. I haven't been on a board in years, I have taken a few days off and decided to give it a try and see how it goes. It was like riding a bike, it felt great."

"Your right about life and people they can change right in front of your eyes and you wouldn't even know it."

"You sound as if you have had some experience in that arena."

"Your right on that one."

"Hey I was going to go get something to eat, would you like to join me and have a few beers or something?"

"Well, I guess so. I need to go home and change first I don't live far if you want to follow me."

"Sure, that would be great we can leave my truck there and take yours since you know this area."

"Sure, fine follow me then."

I got in the truck and headed for home, I couldn't believe what I was doing. Of course it was just dinner and a beer between guys who just met and have the same interests. We got to the house and we went inside. I hurried into the bedroom to change.

"You have a great place here."

"Thanks, yeah I have lived here for about six years now."

"Who's this," he said picking up a picture of T.J. and me.

"That's my son, T.J. he is away for the weekend with my neighbor."

"You married?"

"No, never married. His mother and I were high school sweethearts, when she got pregnant. It lasted two years then she took off."

"She left her son?"

"She left us both. If you don't mind I'd rather not talk about it. He's a great kid, he's almost five now. He loves to surf I took him out when he was three, he loved it."

"That's great. You ready?"

"Sure lets go."

We went down to the local bar and grill, had steaks and several beers. We got to talking, he was amazed that we were both basically in the same field, he designed homes I helped build them. He was a really nice guy, he told me about some of the surf competitions he had been in. 

I relented and talked about Angie and me, how she had cheated on me and took off, about the struggle to be both a mom and a dad to T.J., we had been talking for such a long time we didn't notice the time. So we headed back to the house, I invited him in for a last cold one. We sat on the couch and continued our conversation. I asked him about girls he had met on the circuit and he kind of went quiet.

"What's wrong Jaime?"

"Nothing really, I guess I should tell you something more about myself. You see I'm gay, I didn't much care for the girls on the circuit, just the guys."

"Oh, I see," I guess I was a little weirded out.

"Does it bother you that I am gay?"

"No of course it doesn't, I guess it's just, oh never mind. Do you want another beer?"

"Yeah sure, thanks," he said handing me his empty bottle.

I went out into the kitchen, opened the refrigerator. I just couldn't believe it, he was gay. What did that mean to me because that fact made me happy, made me smile. I was so confused I didn't know what to do next. I don't know how long I was standing there because the next thing I knew Jaime was tapping me on the shoulder.

"You okay man?"

"Oh shit, damn I'm sorry. Here you go," I said handing him the beer.

"Look I'm pretty trashed, would you mind if I slept on the couch. I promise I will be out of here in the morning. Probably before you even get up I am a early riser."

"No, hey that's fine. Your right you shouldn't be driving, I will go get you a pillow and blanket. Be right back."

Lying in my bed I couldn't sleep no matter how much beer I had had. He was here and so close I just couldn't stop my head from thinking about him, what I was doing thinking about him in that way, what it would do to my life to my sons life to make such a change. 

The moonlight was streaming through the blinds it was a beautiful night and it had been a wonderful day. I hoped T.J. was being good for Marge and I sent a small prayer up that he was sleeping well and safe. Then I heard a crash coming from the living room. I ran out to what was happening.

When came into the room Jaime was on the floor shaking and flopping about. I knew he was in some kind of a seizure. I rolled him on his side and tried to hold him. It seemed like a long time but it was less than a minute and he had stopped, I checked his breathing and his pulse and he seemed to be fine. He opened his eyes and looked up at me.

"Are you alright, what happened."

"I'm fine Ryland really, I have seizures a lot when I drink too much. Could you hand me my pants?"

"Sure," I said handing him his pants I reached for the bottle of water that was sitting on the coffee table.

"Thanks. Um are you okay?" he said taking some medication.

"Yes, it's you I'm worried about."

"Is that why you were crying when I woke up?"

"I was?" I had no idea that I had been until he said that.

"Yes, you okay?"

"I am if you are I was so worried."

He took me into his arms then and held me, I couldn't help but allow it and sigh at his touch on my skin. He released me, when I looked up his face was in front of mine, I leaned forward and pressed my lips to his. I pulled away I couldn't believe I had just done that and waited for his response. Which was to take me in his arms and kiss me again, more passionately. I returned his kiss with equal passion. Our hands began moving over each others bodies in heightened passion. I put my hands on his shoulders and pushed him back, I stood up, I held my hand out. He stood and we walked to the bedroom.

We quickly embraced, kissing and touching each other. We removed what clothes we had on, returned to holding each other, and fell across the bed still holding each other. Jaime rolled over on top of me he looked down at me. I had no more control, I smiled and placed my hands on his ass pressing him to me.

I just went with the feelings I was having, we held each other touching one another's bodies, he kissed down my chest, sucked on each of my nipples, slid his tongue down my skin until he got to my cock, he licked the tip, then sucked it into his mouth. I moaned with pleasure and held onto his head as he moved my cock in and out of his mouth. 

"Do you like that?"

"Yes," I said breathlessly as he took me deep into his throat.

"Do you want to try?" 

"I don't know what to do, you will have to help me."

"Do what you think feels good for you, do only what you feel comfortable doing, there isn't any rush to do more unless it's what you want. Okay?"

I moved over to him, stroking his cock, I lowered my head to him. Licking the tip of him I sucked on it, then opened my mouth. I took as much of him as I could without gagging. It felt good in a strange way, I had no clue I could do what I was doing with a man and be okay with it. I don't know how long we had been holding and touching, pleasuring each other before Jaime rolled onto his side pulling me with him into a spoon position, he reached for my cock and placed it to his hole, looking back at me he gave a nod and I pushed my cock into him. I stopped for a moment after the head pop in, then pushed more of it inside. Thrusting my hips forward the pleasure of him was so intense, his ass was so tight on my cock I couldn't hardly believe it.

All of this felt good and right, our bodies moving together as if we were one person, his loving touches, passionate kisses. I have never felt so loved in all my life. He made everything seem like it was going to be so simple, true and good. We made love for hours, after we laid there in each others arms, touching and talking.

"Are you okay with what just happened Ry."

"Unbelievably, yes. It was the most amazing thing I have ever done in my life, I can't believe that I feel this way, about you."

"And how is that?"

"Attracted to another man, to do what we just did, to have feelings of passion for you."

"It's not wrong Ry, it can't be wrong when it feels so right, can it?"

"No, and it does feel right Jaime. I don't know why I feel this way about you I just do, and it's so weird to me because I don't feel attracted to other men, just you."

"I know this is all new for you, we can take it slow if that is good for you. But I really want to get know you and your son, if that is something you would like?"

"Yes, I would like that. How am I going to explain this to T.J., I don't know what to do about that?"

"We will take it slow, start out with letting him get to know me first. I promise I won't touch you or kiss you in front of him until he is comfortable with the whole situation."

"Alright, but I don't know about you not kissing me, I kind of like it."

"I won't kiss you where he can see us, how about that?"

"Works for me, um well you know I don't see him here right now."

"I don't either," he said taking me into his arms he kissed me with more passion than I could have imagined having with anyone.

The next morning I woke up with his arms wrapped around me, the phone rang. It was T.J. he was so excited about his trip, he had gotten to ride a pony, feed the goats, and get eggs from the chickens. I had never heard him so happy. Today Marge was going to take him to the zoo, he said that he missed me and that he would be home soon. I talked to Marge and she said that he was being very good, and had no problems adjusting to being away from me. I was glad to hear it. I hoped that when he learned about how different our lives were going to be that he would adjust just as well. I hoped I could adjust too.

I looked over at Jaime and he was looking at me with a smile on his face, he leaned over kissed me gently got up and headed to the bathroom.

Marge asked if I was alright I told her yes, that something had happened while they were gone but that I would talk to her about it when they got back. She said that they were going to stay an extra day if it was okay with me, I looked at the bathroom door and said yes. We hung up and I went to the bathroom door, opening it I found him in the shower, joining him we soaped each other, kissed, touched each other. 

After our shower I fixed a quick breakfast, we had eggs, toast and coffee on the patio and talked about what we were going to do today.

"Well what would you like to do today?"

"As long as I'm with you it really doesn't matter," I said holding his hand.

"How about a drive up the coast we can take the boards we find a prime spot we can hit the waves?"

"Sounds great."

"We can stop by my place so I can get a change of clothes, we can go from there."

We got to his house it was a great Spanish style home, once inside it was just as beautiful as the outside. I walked out on the deck and Jaime came up behind me putting his arms around me, kissing the side of my neck. I can't explain the feelings that I was having for him, I don't know how you can out of the blue become someone totally opposite of what you once were. The only thing I can attribute it to is loneliness and isolation. But then that doesn't even amount to the right answer either. I was attracted to him there is no changing that fact, and the feelings I have when he touches me, when he kisses me, when he makes love to me, I was falling in love with him, it's crazy I know but it is how he makes me feel.
