 I bought a new house that needed some landscaping done. I live in the desert and we use a lot of gravel for landscaping, grass is difficult and takes a lot of water to maintain! I ordered a bunch of gravel for the new house and a bit for the old house to fill in where some of it had thinned over the last few years.

I met the delivery driver at the new house and when he stepped out of the big truck I was well impressed with his masculine attractiveness! He dropped 9 tons at the new house and followed me a couple of blocks to the old house to drop another three ton.

He was amazing in being able to maneuver the big truck on the narrow streets. After the second load was dropped I couldn't hold back anymore. Hot, slightly beefy, well put together slightly ginger man.

As I signed the work order, I looked him straight in the eye, then traveled down to a thick bulge in the front of his jeans then back to his eyes and smiled and said, "Well you've dropped two big loads, want to drop another?"

I could tell at first he didn't get my meaning, so I let my eyes travel down his torso to his thick basket again and then back to his eyes and smiled. "Well...uhm...right here, right now? I've never done anything with a dude...uhm...I'm too dirty to go in your house..."

When he dropped the gravel there was a lot of dust and he looked at his boots and then looked at me. I smiled and thought cool if the only thing he's worried about is getting my house dirty, this is going to happen.

I nodded to the big shed that is attached to the side of the carport and said, "In there, and you don't have to do anything except enjoy!"

I nodded again and started to the shed and wasn't shocked when he followed. I had noticed the shiny ring on his left hand as he said, "The ol' lady isn't feeling well and it's been quite a while."

I just nodded and said, "We'll take care of that for you."

We stepped into the shed and I closed and locked the door to make him feel more secure. I just dropped to my knees in front of him and started undoing his belt. He let me unbuckle it and then stopped me, "I don't know if I can do this, I know I shouldn't..."

"Look, I can see that you're already hard, no sense in walking around like that all day, no one will ever know and if you've never had head from a guy, you are about to get the best blow job so far in your life!"

With that, he grabbed the top button on his fly and ripped it open, exposing standard issue, straight guy department store tighty whities, well plus a thick cockhead bulge just below the waistband!

I could tell it was damn thick and there was a tiny wet spot forming. I reached for the waistband and pulled the briefs and jeans to his knees. His thick cock stuck straight out from a full thick fire bush!

I did my best cocksucker routine for a straight man! There is one thing I've learned, straight men, want to think that you are about to taste and suck the biggest and thickest cock you've ever seen! Nothing puffs them up more, gets them into it, and sometimes makes them want to aggressively fuck your face, Steve was no different!

With things that I said about how gorgeous and big his cock is, (not exaggerating on the thickness), he was putty in my hands, well at least for a few minutes. I licked the purple almost pulsing head a few times, ran my tongue around it, licked the shaft and got my face into his bright red pubes and hairy ball sack for some good whiffs of manscent, then took him back in my mouth and started sucking about the first four inches of a thick 7.5 incher!

He was moaning immediately, so I slowed a bit, his cock was so hard and his balls almost disappeared, I didn't want him to shoot that fast. I traveled back to the head and licked that I bit and realized he was pretty fucking close to busting, so I left his cock and went back to his balls hoping he'd calm a bit. Instead, I got a direct order, which made me squirt a bit of precum into my shorts, "Get back on my fucking dick!"

I didn't need to hear it twice! I didn't want to miss what it felt like in my throat so, after two trips up and down the thick shaft, I steadied myself, swallowed a couple of times and plunged the head into my throat! I had to come off of it quickly to keep from having a gagging fit, but once I was certain I had it under control, I plunged back again.

Steve's moans were loud and suddenly he grabbed both sides of my head, and said, "I hear you gay guys like this, and started fucking in and out of my throat like a madman! (I had to laugh to myself and wonder "where" he had heard it!)

I was in cocksucker heaven! He was going at my throat like a wild bronco! Suddenly it stopped! He held my face tightly to his pubes, the tube on the underside of his cock was about twice it's original size and with my tongue, I felt it pulsing four huge jets of cum down my throat! Fuck it was hot!

When he eased his grip on my head, he said, "Sorry!"

I just slowly let his cock dislodge from my throat and slide over my tongue savoring the straight married man cum flavor! I plunged him back into my throat several times until he started dancing and literally jerked his cock out of my mouth. Apologies blurted and in true straight guy form, he grabbed his jeans and underwear back up immediately!

Except for the sweat running off of his beet-red face and his shirt being half soaked in sweat, no one would ever know what had just taken place. "You can come in the house and clean up if you like!" "Naw, this is the desert, I'll be a sweaty soaked mess and my wife won't touch me until I have had a shower, so no worries."

As he was walking to his dump truck, I said, "Well if you enjoyed that, you have my number, come back for a repeat!"

"Well have to say, you were right, one of the best I've ever had, but can't see me bringing this big rig in here without a delivery so it probably won't happen!"

I guess he saw the look of disappointment on my face and being the nice guy he seemed to be he said, "But you never know, some of your neighbors could need a load...of gravel."