 I peeked through the crack in the door. Chris was standing up. His pants were down by his ankles but he was still wearing his shirt, shoes and cap. In front of him, on his knees, was Jo. Jo was fully clothed. His head was moving back and forward slowly. Chris had his eyes closed, his hands on Jo's head. He was gently thrusting his cock in and out of Jo's mouth. 

Although I was taken by surprised and a little shocked, I found myself strangely attracted to the sight. So I continued to watch. I could tell Chris was nearly there. After a few minutes of increasingly vigorous sucking, masturbating, ball squeezing and slurping, the muscles in Chris's legs tightened. He moaned loudly and clutched Jo's hair. He emitted a wail and flooded his partner's mouth. They then came to a satisfied stop.

I backed away at this point and quietly snuck back to my room. I realized I was hard. Hard as a fucking rock. Why, man? I was straight! I'd just watched my buddy get blown by a guy and was turned on. Still, I was too horny to think straight. I whipped out my member and stroked myself to a fast, fountainous orgasm.

***

Let me back up a tad. I'm a student at college. Typical guy, I work out enough, I am reasonably handsome, I'm straight, and altogether pretty normal. I lived in a shared house with a few of my buddies. We have laughs, drink beer and chase tail. All except one, Chris. Well, he laughs and drinks beer. He just sticks his cock in guys rather than girls. But he's a straight acting gay, and the guys he fucks are usually quite effeminate, so we don't really see him as much different to the rest of us overall.

We've asked him before about his preferences. We josh him about it like we mock Brian for being a redneck (he's from the South), Jamie for his hot sister and Rajesh for being Indian. It's what guys do. In fact, if you're not getting mocked by your buddies, it means they're not your buddies. So aside from a few jokes and the odd question about the intriguing unknowns, it's not something that comes up much.

'So, like, do you enjoy getting fucked?' would be a typical question when we'd had four beers and were discussing our sex lives.

'No way man. I'm a top.'

'What's that?'

'How the fuck don't you know that Brian you dumb hick?'

'Hey man I ain't never fucked with a dude how would I know?'

'You don't fuck pussy either!'

'Hey!'

'Guys, I do the fucking. I fuck dudes. I like feminine gays who can take my dick in their tight holes. Lube em up and trust me it feels better than a pussy.'

'What are those guys called then?'

'Bottoms.'

'And that's where they take it.'

This kinda thing would go on all the time, we'd learn a piece of info, then move on. 

In time, Chris started to fuck one guy exclusively. They weren't an item exactly but it was regular enough that Chris would not seek out anyone else. Jo was this guy's name. He was not a man's man, although he was Chris's type of man and Chris was very much a man. 

And that's how, one day when I was in the house but the other guys were all at the gym, that I stumbled upon those two. I heard noises as I went to my room and I followed the sounds, since I thought I was the only one there. Well, when I reached Chris's room, I stopped. I thought, is he fucking in there? I looked through the crack, and there it was!

Chris was standing, his bare thighs being stroked by Jo, in front of him on his knees. His head was moving back and forward slowly. Chris had his eyes closed, his hands on Jo's head. He was gently thrusting in and out of Jo's mouth. I could tell Chris was nearly there. After a few minutes of increasingly vigorous sucking, masturbating, ball squeezing and slurping, the muscles in Chris's legs tightened. He moaned loudly and clutched Jo's hair. He emitted a wail and flooded his partner's mouth. They then came to a satisfied stop.

It was hot to think that Chris was getting an expert blowjob whenever he wanted. So easily. I imagined, as I stroked myself again that evening, that I had a slutty gay lover who would just suck me off when no one was around.

***

A couple of weeks later, and unable to shake the image from my mind, I arranged for the same thing to happen again. Devious I know but I was just so curious. I sat in my room after the guys had gone to work out. Sure enough, after ten minutes, I heard the door go. Jo's camp voice chattered through the hall as he and Chris went to his bedroom. I hoped they'd leave the door open. Thankfully and luckily they did.

I crept down the hall with my shoes off. I wore shorts with nothing on beneath so that I could play with myself as I watched the blowjob. It felt weird but also too good. I needed it.

When I looked through the crack I didn't see a bj though. Instead, I saw both of them naked. Jo had his ass up in the air. He was on the bed on all fours. His face was down into the pillow and he was crying in pleasure. Chris was behind him, fucking his juicy ass. He was going slowly, and every so often I noticed his dick popped out. He'd grab his little guy then push it into the tight hole and I could almost feel how amazing it would be, as I had experience doing anal with chicks.

The ass was of particular interest. It wasn't a guy's ass, all hairy and bony. Instead it was smooth, hairless, round, phat. Like a thick chick's. I couldn't believe it but I had to admit to myself for the first time that this was something I would like. I would fuck a phat ass like that. Hell yes.

I stroked myself as Chris went harder, thrusting away, causing the magnificent butt to ripple. Chris stroked, squeezed and spanked it as he delivered his manly fucking. I had to run quietly as possible to my room as I felt myself cum. I'd barely lasted five minutes of very gently stroking, so turned on had I become. 

Over the next two months I repeated this, and it became an addiction. I saw Jo sucking cock and being fucked in every position. I saw him showered in Chris's cum. I understood the dynamics and came to see it not like equal gay sex, but like a man fucking a feminine homosexual. It was the power, the top on the bottom, the giver and the taker. It was hot.

***

The rest of the year came and went. A few months after I'd witnessed such scenes it was summer, and the vacation beckoned. I went off to my folk's home and spent some time with my high school buddies, taking it easy, working a little, and chasing tail. The mental images stayed in my mind and I often fantasized about them, even questioning whether I would do something like that were I to get the chance. I think I thought I would if it came up, but the idea that I would go and search for such an adventure was out of the question.

When September came round I moved to college, but not in the US. I was destined to a European capital, where I was to study abroad for a year, which was exciting. It was my first time in the continent and I was determined to experience a different lifestyle where possible. I barely had any classes, just a few bullshit 'cultural' courses. This would leave plenty of time to get drunk (as a 20 year old I could drink there but not Stateside), chase exotic tail and generally bum about with my buddies.

'Good afternoon, sir. Are you moving in?'

'Sure am.'

'Excellent. Please follow the signs to register, then a member of staff will show you to your room.'

I was very pleasantly surprised at my accommodation. In was a large, modern complex downtown. I had my own large room with a desk and an en suite, and a fully functioning gym downstairs. Everything was new, it was well built, and I could tell I was gonna enjoy it here.

'Hi, my name's Jimmy.' A young guy with long hair stood behind me, coming out of his room.

'Hi Jimmy nice to meet you buddy,' I replied, sticking out a hand. He took it and gave a limp shake. I noted the skin because it was so soft, like a woman's I thought.

'We must be neighbors huh?'

'That a fact? I guess so. You just moved it?'

'Yes, last week. I'm here for a year, as I presume you are?'

'Just the one yeah.'

'Well, I have to get going. Nice to meet you,' he smiled, then added 'I'm sure we'll get to know each other well soon.'

'Of course. I kinda expect there'll be a heap of parties coming up.' He seemed like a real nice guy. I assumed he was gay. As he minced off down the hallway in the tightest pair of little shorts, creased down the crack, I was fairly certain. He had smooth legs I thought to myself. Strangely, I didn't connect this with my earlier experience, or consider him a potential target for me to experiment. I just noticed.

***

'Wooo! Take that shot!' Cameras flashed. It was a week later and I was doing body shots off a hot chick at a party on our floor. It was rad, and I was being cheered on by the other people in the communal kitchen. 

'OK,' said the sexy brunette next to me. 'Do Tiffany next!' Tiffany shrieked in mock horror, but she had been making eyes at me all evening and I knew she wanted it. I played it cool. 

'Well, I don't know bout that.'

'Oh, you'd love it!' shouted the brunette. Tiffany tried to play it cool also.

'I'll do it, if you do one first... off Jimmy!' The crowd laughed. We were drunk and while I was surprised I thought fuck it why not. Jimmy jumped up on the counter and whipped his shirt off. The folks all cheered him on. He had a slim, hairless body. It wasn't fat, but he wasn't muscular. His torso was kinda like a chick's but without boobs.

Laying down, the brunette stuck a shot on his belly. I leaned in and took it, quickly. It was over and soon I was doing one of Tiffany's tits. But later that night, my mind kept thinking back to that episode. I'd had my lips over a gay guy's mouth.

***

For the first month, I just went out and drank a shit load of booze. I chased tail and fucked some chicks -- Tiffany twice, a blonde from Boston and a free living type from Italy. It was clear those were temporary affairs though, and soon I realized I'd hit a dry spell. I needed to get laid. The weather turned cold and suddenly I felt far from home.

So it was just my luck when, on a cold day, my shower broke. I called the front desk.

'Yes, sir, I've recorded it, but unfortunately our maintenance team won't be available until tomorrow afternoon. You can always use the shower facilities in our gymnasium.' Annoying, but at least I could get a hot wash easily.

I headed down to the gym, hoping to squeeze a workout routine before a shower. I managed to get a treadmill right behind a chick with a fantastic ass in yoga pants, which I stared at the whole time. Damn, gyms are the places to be teased. In the weights room I kept sitting next to this hot Asian chick with a top that showed her sexy belly. I was desperate to get laid and thought I might have to rub one out in the shower.

However, to my annoyance, the showers here were communal. I'd never used em because my own one was just two floors up. I'd have to wait. So I stuck my stuff in a locker and started to strip off.

'Hey!' I turned around. There was Jimmy. I'd got to know him a fair bit, having been to a few parties, but we were not yet buddies. We moved in different circles and seemed like different types. He had on his normal clothes. 'Working out?'

'Just done. I hope you're not planning on hitting the treadmill in those tight jeans!' I joked. He laughed.

'No, the hot water's gone on our corridor. Did you not realize?'

'Oh, sure. That's why I'm here. I thought I'd get a workout in first though.'

'You're a better man than I. I just cannot stand working out. I go running when I am feeling fat but otherwise it's all yoga for me. Keeps me lithe.' He stressed that word in a salacious way, and it felt as if he was hinting at something sexual.

'Yeah, I didn't realize they were communal though. That sucks.'

'Less so for me!' he snickered. I laughed too.

'Yeah, I guess you're right. Hey, no looking at my meat!' This broke the tension and he started to strip too. By now I was down to my underwear, but it felt a bit weird. I paused, not wanting to expose myself. I don't care about showering with strangers, or even my buddies, but a guy I know not super well and a man who just admitted he liked checking out guys in the shower... my nudity suddenly became an issue. Obvious to me. I was like Adam after eating that apple.

Suddenly this became sexual -- if I slipped my briefs down, I would be completely naked in front of my neighbor! He was chatting away about something or other, not actually looking at me at all. So I did, exposing my butt, which registered the chill of the breeze coming from the open door to the large pool. For some reason, I took quite a while packing my stuff into the locker without anything to cover me. I wasn't sure if he was looking though. 

A thought came into my mind: if I turned around, my cock would be exposed. I felt a surge in my chest at the risky nature of it. Why was this an option to me? Was I being turned on? Or was it just because it was unusual behavior that I wanted to try? Then I thought, well, it's a men's changing room, and it's expected, so what is the big deal?

I turned, my penis dangling around. I didn't make eye contact, but just stood there. He also turned, and continued to chat. I took my gel and headed to the shower. I turned it on and ensured it was cold -- I wanted to get a grip. I was just horny. In a minute or so, I heard him come in. To my surprise and slight shock, he was next to me. The whole place was empty and large, why here?

'Mind if I use your shampoo? I've run out.'

'No problem.' I handed my bottle over and as he took it he brushed my hand. His fingers were soft and smooth, like a woman.

At this point, I took the opportunity to check him out. It seemed odd being able to see someone's naked body so easily. With a chick, this wouldn't have been possible. With normal dudes, I wouldn't have wanted to. But with Jimmy, it felt like he was a woman I wanted to fuck yet the environment was one where I could be naked with him, like a guy.

He was hairless all over. Just like the body I'd seen fucked back in the States, the first gay sex I'd witnessed and the first time I'd found a male body attractive. He was in shape but not thin. This probably enhanced the attraction because women are curvy and have a much higher fat to muscle ratio than dudes. Breasts, round asses, curvy thighs and flared hips all made them arousing. His thighs were similarly meaty but not muscular. His torso was not too muscly either, it was lithe as he'd mentioned from the yoga, yet not fat. 

He was facing away from me, hence me looking, and his ass was just incredible. It was just like a woman. If he'd been in yoga pants or leggings in the gym I would have been checking his backside out constantly. No hair, no cellulite, just smooth, round buttocks. It was also shaped like a chick's, flaring outwards. He was certainly best described as thick. At that point my cock started to grow. I had to admit I wanted nothing more than to fuck that beautiful peachy ass.

He moved to turn around so I quickly adjusted myself and stared at the wall. I wasn't erect, thank god, but my penis had grown a good few inches I reckoned, and look impressive. Unconsciously I was happy to impress him, hoping he'd be attracted to my junk.

'Thanks,' he said, handing back.

'No problem.' I glanced as subtly as I could at his package. He was much smaller than me and obviously waxed. No hair on him anywhere. I even noticed that he'd shaved his armpits. He turned to me directly, his cock barely half a metre from mine. 

'You got classes later?'

'Erm, no,' I answered, a bit lost for words in such a mundane conversation considering the circumstance. I was sure he was checking out my junk. 'My study a little in my room but I'm not doing much today. You?'

'Nah, just taking it easy. Could stay here and check out cocks all afternoon,' he winked. I laughed.

'Yeah, wait for some hunk to come through.'

'Who said wait?' he asked. I didn't know how to respond. There was a charged silence. 'Sorry, I didn't mean to make you feel uncomfortable. Are you uncomfortable showering with a gay man?'

'No, not at all,' I stammered. 'I mean, I know you don't want to fuck anything with a dick.'

'That's true. But you are very much a hunk. And don't think I can't see your penis getting excited.' I turned red and realized I was half way to a full erection. 'It's OK, it doesn't mean you're gay, I've seen countless guys get excited in a homoerotic scenario. Half of it is the fact they are thinking they shouldn't be turned on. The penis often does the exact opposite of what we want!' We both laughed as we clearly remembered times we awkwardly couldn't get it up in bed.

'So, have you been with straight guys?'

'Sure have. It's surprisingly common. The most hetero guys will be curious. A lot have used my mouth -- I have amazing blowjob techniques -- or even my ass, which I'm told is very nice and feminine.'

'It is,' I said, not thinking.

'Oh, I knew you were checking it out!' My turn to blush again.

'Have you ever considered it?'

'Gay sex?'

'Yes. It just a blowjob.'

'Not really. Well, ok, I'll tell you. A few months back I saw a buddy getting blown by a guy and I must admit it made me curious. Not that I'm attracted to guys, but just how easy it'd be to be blown by a gay guy. I mean, you lot must have skills.' He giggled at this. I noticed he was gently fondling himself.

'Well,' he answered softly. 'Why not find out?' He reached over and started to stroke my now mostly hard cock. I didn't stop him. 'Not here,' he reassured me. 'Upstairs.'

I was tempted but I didn't think I would go through with it. I think he sense that so in order to get me into it he dropped to his knees. He went straight into taking it in his mouth and sucked hard with excellent suction. His mouth was soft and warm. Like a chick's. I gasped.

'Oh fuck, yes! I want it!' I breathed. He stood up and smiled.

'Well then, let's get upstairs.'

Back in my room he quickly got back on his knees. I was nervous but wanted it so bad. He lowered himself and quickly engulfed the head. He sucked it without going further and I moaned. It was truly fantastic. His tongue gave little swirls around the head.

Then head moved off, gently masturbating my cock while he licked and sucked my balls. It tingled and I had to stop him because it was too much to take after a minute. When I removed my shirt he kissed my stomach and around my thighs, cradling my balls in his mouth.

'Fuck, this is the best I'd ever had,' I moaned. 'Now get back on that cock!' He went sideways down my penis and licked it hungrily. Then he started to deepthroat, slowly at first going all the way. I marvelled at how my entire cock went down. He was rock hard as well but I wasn't about to play with that.

I held on as long as I could against the assault of deepthroating, ball licking, fondling and tongue swirling. Sometimes he nibbled the head slowly, then traced his tongue down the length. Other times he sped up and got sloppy.

'Oh fuck,' I announced after maybe ten or fifteen minutes. 'I'm gonna blow, man!' He didn't move so I took that as permission. I flooded his pretty little mouth and he swallowed -- gulped more like -- the whole thing.

When we were done I sat on my bed exhausted and spent. I felt a bit weird, almost guilty, but I knew that I was satisfied and it had been a great occasion.

'Did you enjoy?'

'Sure did.'

'I guess you feel funny now. Most straight guys do the first time I give them head. But don't overthink it. You enjoyed using me, doesn't mean you like pussy less. And by tomorrow you'll be considering it again if you haven't jerked off to the memory of this.' He winked and got up, leaving me to my post coital bliss.

***

The second blowjob happened soon after. I'd tried to get laid one evening, but the chick wasn't interested. She was just teasing. So be it, that's life. That's women.
