 Mike was frustrated. He wanted to shoot his load, but masturbation was getting old, and fast. It had been two weeks since he had last fucked a pussy. Being offshore really took its toll in many ways, and the sexual frustration was sometimes more than he could take.

Looks like it's porn and Rosie Palms again, he thought to himself, while inserting the familiar DVD. He laid back on his bed and put his hand on the crotch of his shorts, slightly handling his soft 8 inch cock through the fabric. 

Mike was six foot two, with dark features and well developed muscles from working on the rig. He had a tan everywhere but where his shorts were. 

After a minute or two, his cock was at full attention under his shorts, and he was rubbing it through the mesh fabric. He reached over to his nightstand and grabbed some lube, pulling his shorts off and covering his rock hard cock with the Astroglide.

Suddenly, his bunkmate drunkenly staggered into the room, causing Mike to quickly cover himself with his shorts. 

"Dammit, dude...you know the lock don't work on this piece of shit, you gotta fuckin knock."

Joe sat down in a chair near the bunk beds, holding his head. "I'm so fucking trashed," he said, laughing.

"You better hope the captain doesn't find out about you getting drunk all the time, that's a good way to get fired."

"Fuck the captain," Joe said with a grin. "What were you doing in here anyway, slammin the salmon?"

"Fuck you," Mike replied. His hard on was throbbing underneath the shorts. He wasn't sure why, but being caught masturbating was turning him on.

"You need to get a new porn by the way, I've seen that one like fifteen times," Joe said, turning his attention to the t.v.

"Yeah, no shit. And who said you could borrow my porn?"

"My imagination sucks, and I got needs. Oh damn, this is the good part. That bitch is getting fucked by two cocks at the same time. Fuckin' cock whore, man."

"Wish we had one of those on this fuckin rig," Mike said. He noticed Joe had his hand on his crotch, and was grabbing himself under his jeans.

It was silent for a few minutes while both men watched at the porn, each of them stroking their concealed cocks, both pretending not to notice the other doing it.

Joe stood up and removed his jeans and sat back down on the chair, his hard on obvious through his white boxer briefs. He laid back in the chair and started stroking his hard on some more.

Mike was still stroking himself under his shorts, but was looking at Joe with increasing curiosity, noticing Joe's hard on, watching him play with it through his boxer briefs.

"You have any lube?" Joe said, obviously seeing the lube laying next to Mike on the bed. 

"Um, yeah. Here."

Joe got up from his chair and walked over to the bunk bed. He looked down at Joe, whose cockhead was poking out through the shorts he had over him. It was dripping pre-cum, and completely hard.

"Scoot over some, that chair is uncomfortable as fuck."

Mike considered a sarcastic remark but instead said nothing, and moved over some to make room for his buddy. A million thoughts were racing through his head at that moment. He caught himself examining Joe's body, his smooth muscular chest and abs, the trail of hair beginning under his navel and leading down into his underwear. He had removed his shorts by now without realizing and was slowly stroking himself. 

"Lube?" Joe asked. He had removed his underwear and was lubing his own cock up. Mike guessed that it was about 7 inches, and about as thick as a toilet paper roll. It had a giant mushroom head on it with a drop of precum oozing out the slit.

Mike nodded, not sure if he was even able to speak at that point. He watched Joe reach over and squirt some lube out onto his own hard cock. 

Neither men was watching the porn anymore. Mike watched Joe's hand stroking his cock slowly, while Joe was watching the lube he had just squeezed onto Mike's cock ooze down the shaft. 

"How big is yours?" Joe asked.

Mike cleared his throat. "About 8 inches or so. Yours?"

"Like 7 and a half. You got the big one I guess."

"Yours is thick as hell though, damn dude. Bet girls don't let you do anal with that fat cock."

Joe laughed. "Not a whole lot. You like anal fucking?"

"Oh yeah, I fuckin love it. It's so fuckin tight."

Mike was rubbing his lubed up cock slowly, keeping about the same rhythm as Joe. The next minute or so was silent, except the sounds of an occasional low moan, echoed by the sounds of the porn stars' groaning on the t.v. Both guys kept glancing back and forth from the dvd to each other's cocks. 

"You should twist your hand around the head when you're stroking yourself, it feels almost like a chick's tongue," Joe suggested.

"No shit? Show me how to do it."

Joe didn't hesitate a second and reached over and wrapped his hand around Mike's hard cock. He squirted some more lube on his cock and demonstrated his technique. Mike thrust his hips forward and moaned while Joe stroked his cock. The difference of having another hand on his cock compared to his own was incredible.

"That feels really good," Mike said. "Damn, dude. Let me see if I got it right." He reached over and put his hand around Joe's thick shaft and started stroking him at the same pace.

Both men were grinding their hips up and down and quietly moaning. With his free hand, Joe had begun to rub Mike's pecs, pinching his nipples and exploring his slightly hairy stomach. Mike groaned in ecstasy, a chill going through his body. He grabbed the back of Joe's head and pushed it toward his with aggression, surprising both of them as he pressed his lips against Joe's. Joe opened his mouth instinctively, kissing Mike with all the passion and frustration that had acclimated within the past two and a half weeks.

Mike slid his tongue into Joe's mouth, letting his tongue play with Joe's, playfully biting his bottom lip. The stubble of Joe's chin was rubbing against his own. Mike could not remember ever being more turned on in his life.

Joe pulled away from Mike's lips and pushed him down on the bed. Without hesitation, he moved down to Mike's throbbing hard cock. It was covered in lube, but Joe could not have cared less. He grabbed the base of the shaft and put his mouth around the head, slowly sliding it down the length of it. Mike reacted with a loud moan that he was sure would wake up the rest of the crew. He looked down at Joe's head bobbing up and down on his tool. Waves of pleasure went through his entire body, his cock oozing precum, which Joe hungrily licked off.

"I want you to fuck me, dude. Fuck me like the dirty cock whore on that video."

"You want to be my cock whore? You want to feel my cock inside your ass?"

"Fuck yeah. Use my ass like a tight little pussy. Pound my ass with that big dick."

Mike got up as Joe positioned himself on the bed, stomach down with his ass arched up, ready to receive its first cock.

Mike slid his middle finger in Joe's extremely tight hole. It was warm and wet, and tighter than any pussy he had felt.

"Damn man, that's a tight virgin hole. Gonna feel real good on my dick," he said, squeezing another finger in, sliding both fingers in and out of his hole.

"Fuck yeah...I'm your whore, bro. Fuck me until you shoot your load."

That was all Mike could take, his cock was aching to penetrate his hole. He positioned himself behind him and slowly began to slide the big head into Joe's hole. The warmth and wetness of his asshole enveloped the head of his cock, and Mike thought he might shoot his load right then. He slowly slid the length of his 8 inch shaft into his hole until his balls rested against Joe's ass. Both men groaned at the same time before Mike began pumping in and out of Joe's ass.

"Holy SHIT...oh my God. Oh fuck, dude. That feels so fucking....FUCK!" Joe exclaimed. 

"Oh yeah, dude. You're taking my cock like a good whore. Mmmmm...you're so tight, bro."

Joe's cock was leaking precum onto Mike's sheets. He had never felt anything like this before, he felt like he was going to explode from pleasure. 

Mike pumped his cock deeply in and out of Joe's asshole, then stood still as Joe backed his hole up and down Mike's pole. Mike could see his head slowly disappear over and over again into that tight little hole as Joe fucked Mike's cock. He felt his whole body begin to tense up, and he grabbed Joe's back, holding him in place as he began shoving his cock in and out of his hole quickly. His body felt almost numb as the first shot of jizz shot out of his cock. Squirt after squirt of thick sperm shot out of his cock, and it was a couple of seconds before he could even make a sound. He let out a loud, long growl as his cock continued to fill Joe's hole with his seed.

Without touching himself, Joe felt his own cock begin to spurt out shot after shot of cum. He could feel his ass filling up with Mike's sperm while he emptied his own onto the sheets, giving him the most intense orgasm he'd ever experienced.

They both collapsed on the bed, breathing heavily, covered in each other's cum. They fell asleep not long after, never saying a word to each other, but both feeling a closeness to each other they hadn't even realize they had needed.

*

my first entry let me know what you think!