 Author's Note - There are elements of non-consent in the story. If that type of element offends you or is problematic, please do not read.

###

By the end of the first month, it was obvious that Carlos was stressing out more about his situation with Rosa and the kids. I would ask him how things were going, but he usually ended up getting angry about it, so I quit bringing it up.

That didn't stop him from going out though and drinking. I tried to talk with him about it and got the same response each time.

"I'm a big boy, Ian. I know you care. But you're doing enough by just giving me a peaceful place to stay. Don't worry about me. I'll be fine."

And so, as he requested, I didn't worry about him. At least, I didn't let him know that I worried. And every time he'd go out with his friends, I wondered if Hector, Andres, or Beto would try something with him again. But, as Carlos said, he's a big boy. And there wasn't much I could do but be there for him if he needed me.

And, as it turned out, he did need me. He just didn't know he did.

One night during dinner, I asked Carlos if he was gonna watch the basketball playoff game with me.

"Thanks, mano, but Beto invited me over to his house tonight. We're gonna kick back."

I froze a moment when I heard that. I don't remember Beto ever inviting Carlos over to his place before. They usually went out to a bar or club.

Nonchalantly, I asked, "Really? Are you going to watch the game there?"

Carlos swallowed his food and said, "I don't know. Maybe. He just caught me at work today and said to come over. I think he has a girl he wants to introduce me to."

I didn't say anything and just looked at my food. Carlos knew me so well, he could pick up on my thoughts.

"Don't worry, Ian," he grinned. "I'm not gonna get drunk. In fact, I don't plan on drinking much at all. I've had too much lately, and I need to cut back."

He paused and then laughed, "Anyway, I know 'Daddy Ian' doesn't like me drinking too much. Even though I'm a big boy."

I smiled and said, "I told you, I'm not your Daddy. I just care, mano."

Carlos smiled back and said, "I know, mano. I'm just bullshitting you. And I always appreciate your caring. But as I said, I don't plan on getting drunk tonight."

I nodded and said, "I hope not. And if you do, call me and let me know. I'll come pick you up. I don't want you driving drunk."

Carlos grinned and said, "Okay Dad." He finished eating his dinner and walked past me to put his dishes in the sink.

After cleaning up after dinner, I settled down to watch the game. Carlos left to go over to Beto's and as he left, told me he wouldn't be too late. I finished watching the game and turned off the TV about 11:30, pissed because my team lost. Carlos hadn't come back but I went on to bed. After all, both he and Beto were right. He was a big boy and could make his own decisions.

I was sound asleep, when I heard a sound down the hall. It sounded like the door to Carlos's bedroom. I looked at the clock and it was 2:30 AM. I snorted and thought 'if that's what Carlos calls not being late, he has a lousy sense of time'. I lay in bed listening to make sure he was alright.

For some reason, it was strangely quiet. I thought that odd, because Carlos usually takes a shower before he goes to bed. But I didn't hear him in the bathroom. In fact, I didn't hear any other noise at all.

I got up out of bed and walked down the hall. I could see the light under the door in Carlos's room, but still no noise. I wondered if Carlos had gotten drunk and passed out again.

So, I quietly opened the door. And what I saw gave me the shock of my life.

He was in his room alright. But he wasn't alone.

Carlos was passed out on his bed, wearing only the pair of boxer briefs I'd seen earlier in the evening. His other clothes were strewn about on the floor and Beto was sitting on the bed next to him. One of Beto's hands was rubbing Carlos's chest and the other hand was rubbing his crotch. Carlos's cock was starting to swell as Beto rubbed it and his nipples were hard little points.

As I stood there speechless, Beto leaned down and started sucking on Carlos's nipples. I saw Carlos's cock getting bigger and Beto trying to reach in through the opening of the briefs. After a few moments, his hand was inside, holding Carlos's hardening cock.

All this time, Carlos was totally out of it and unaware that Beto was fondling him. Beto pulled his mouth off one of Carlos's nipples. As he slowly caressed his face, I heard him speak to the passed-out stud.

"Oh yeah, puta. You're gonna be my bitch tonight. MY bitch!"

Beto leaned closer, smiled, and said, "I'm finally gonna fuck your ass, cabron. I've waited a long time to get in that tight culo of yours. And now I'm gonna fuck it good."

I was shocked when I heard Beto say that and I finally found my voice.

"What the FUCK do you think you're doing?"

Beto's hands flew off Carlos and he jumped up.

"IAN! Shit! You scared the fuck outta me!"

He stood there looking at me and I could tell he was drunk. His face was red, and you could smell the alcohol on him.

"Beto, what the hell are you doing? Why are you fucking around with Carlos?"

I looked down at the unconscious muscle boy on the bed.

"What happened to him?"

Beto stumbled backwards. He steadied himself and said, "Nothing, Ian. We were . . . just drinking . . . at my house. Carlos had . . . had . . . too much tequila and I . . . I brought him home."

Angrily, I looked back at Beto.

"Oh, you just brought him home, huh? And you just happened to 'help' him out of his clothes? Did you think you could just fuck him and no one would know?"

"I wasn't trying to . . . fuck him. I was just . . . uhhhh . . . just uhhhh . . ."

"Yeah, I could tell what you were just 'trying' to do."

I looked back at Carlos. His cock was still hard, and I could see it through the opening where Beto had reached in.

As my glance slowly moved up Carlos's muscled body to his chest, I licked my lips. Beto must have noticed.

"So, Ian . . . you uh . . . you know . . . interested?"

I looked back at Beto quickly. He had a leering grin on his face as he looked at me.

"What the fuck you mean, am I interested? In what?"

"You know." He paused. "Carlos."

I could feel my face redden and I raised my voice. "What the fuck kinda question is that?"

Beto walked closer to me. I could smell the alcohol on his breath. As he leaned over, he put his hand on my shoulder.

"Cabron, I saw how you just looked at him."

I started to protest, until Beto said, "Look, I know you're gay. But I don't care. And even though I like pussy . . ." he paused and looked down at Carlos . . . "I got other needs too."

He kept looking over at Carlos and I followed his gaze.

"Hot motherfucker, ain't he?"

I didn't say anything and Beto continued.

"I've wanted to fuck him for a long time. And I've almost gotten that tight ass a couple of times when he was wasted."

Again, he paused a moment, looked back at me, and said, "But that bitch Rosa got her claws into him and he stopped running around with me. So, when I found out she'd kicked him out, I knew I had a chance again. And I wasn't about to miss my chance to fuck him this time." Beto started chuckling.

"I got him to come over tonight and we started drinking tequila. You know how that shit fucks him up. He wanted to stop after a couple. But I kept giving him shots all night until he was totally out of it. The more he drank, the more I started grabbing him . . . his chest . . . his cock . . . his ass. He got so messed up, that after a while, he didn't know what the hell was going on and didn't even try to stop me."

He looked back at Carlos and smiled.

"Finally, he was almost out, and I knew it was time to get that ass."

The lust in his voice increased.

"I got him on my bed, pulled those tight jeans off, pushed his legs back, and got between them. I was just about to fuck him . . . when suddenly, he started waking up, babbling that he had to leave. I told him he was too drunk to drive home. But he said that you'd get mad if he didn't come back, blah, blah, blah. I couldn't convince him to stay." Beto started chuckling again.

"So, I figured that if I couldn't get him to stay at my place, I'd just bring him over here and fuck him. I drove him back and it was hell trying to keep him awake until we got here. He finally passed out as we came through the door. He's so fucking heavy, I almost didn't get him in here."

Beto paused and smiled wider. "But I finally did. Got him in his room, stripped him down . . . and was just about to fuck the shit out of him . . . when you walked in . . ."

I couldn't believe all I was hearing. I knew there was always something shady about Beto, but I had no idea it was all about trying to seduce Carlos.

I looked back over at Beto and started getting angry.

"Motherfucker, get the hell out of my house now! And don't ever come back here! I can't believe you've only been friends with Carlos all these years, just so you can fuck him."

Beto looked at me with that leering grin.

"Don't act like you're so innocent, Ian. I know you want him too."

He paused a moment, and then said, "And that's fine. Because we can both fuck him tonight."

When he said that, I looked back at Carlos.

Beto leaned in closer to me and whispered, "Yeahhhh . . . you'd like that, wouldn't you? You've been wanting to fuck Carlos's tight muscle ass, too, haven't you?" I didn't answer.

I could feel Beto's breath against my face.

"Go ahead. Fuck him." Beto started chuckling again.

"BUT . . . I'm fucking him first."

I looked back at Beto as he spoke.

"I've waited too long to get my cock in that ass. And I'm gonna be the first person to finally spread those muscled cheeks, get my cock in that tight hole, and fuck Carlos like he needs to be fucked."

He paused again.

"And once I'm done fucking him, then stud boy is all yours. You can do whatever you want."

I looked back at Carlos, who was totally oblivious about what was being said about him. He just lay there. Ready. And waiting. Totally unaware that within moments, he was about to get his ass fucked by his 'straight' friend . . . and his best friend.

Beto followed my glance and looked back at Carlos.

"And after we've fucked him, trust me . . . there are more people that are gonna fuck his sexy ass as well."

Startled, I looked back quickly at Beto.

"More?"

Beto looked back at me with an evil smile.

"Sure. You think you're the only gay boy in town? Carlos is the hottest piece of ass out there. Hector, Andres, and several others have wanted to fuck him bad for a long time. Just like me. Only they never had the nerve to try it." He looked at Carlos.

"But when I tell them that I've fucked him, and you've fucked him . . . wellll . . . that'll change. Hell, they'll take him to the bars every night, get him wasted, and have their cocks in that straight hole before he knows it. His muscle ass is gonna get fucked a LOT! You can count on it."

Beto chuckled again.

"Carlos has just never realized that perfect ass of his was made to be fucked. And there are a lot of people who will do anything to fuck it."

I looked back at Carlos and didn't say anything.

Seconds passed, and Beto finally said, "If you're scared he'll find out, don't be. He's so fucked up from the tequila, he'll never know what happened."

He looked back over at the passed-out muscle stud, licked his lips, and then back at me.

"So, c'mon, Ian. How about it? Let's do it. We may never get another chance like this."

When I still didn't say anything, Beto hissed, "C'mon cabron! That tight ass needs a good fucking. And I need to fuck it NOW!"

Another pause.

"Dude, c'mon! You KNOW you want it. Admit it."

I kept looking at Carlos. He was so fucking hot on the bed. His muscles on full display. Hard cock ready to be sucked. And that beautiful ass just waiting to be fucked.

The body I'd always lusted after was right there for the taking.

My cock was hard, and it kept telling me to 'go for it, dude'.

And Beto was right. Carlos would never know. And we'd both get what we'd wanted for a long time.

Slowly, I turned my gaze away, walked over to the door of the bedroom and opened it wide.

"Get the fuck out, Beto. Don't ever come here again."

Beto just glared at me for a few seconds. The seconds ticked away.

Finally, he looked over at Carlos, shook his head, and walked out of the bedroom. I followed him to the door of the house.

"Beto, if you ever try to fuck with Carlos again, I'm going to tell him what happened tonight. You may think you can get him so wasted that he'll never know. But I'll know. And I'll tell him. And you know he'll believe me."

I paused a moment, and in a louder voice said, "And when I tell him, he'll go and fuck you up. Bad."

Beto just stared at me. I kept staring back at him and finally said, "You KNOW he will. Admit it."

Beto still didn't say anything for a moment.

Then, with a look of fury, he said, "FUCK you, Ian."

I laughed. "You're welcome to. Just don't plan on fucking Carlos."

Beto turned and started walking to his car. I closed the door, locked it, and leaned back against it.

After a few minutes, I went back to Carlos's room. He was still in the same position he was in when I left with Beto. I got the cover off the end of the bed and stared at the unconscious hunk of muscle on the bed.

Beto was right. I did want Carlos. Very much. And he was right too when he said I'd never have another chance to have sex with him.

But I couldn't do it this way. I loved Carlos as a brother too much to take advantage of him. Especially when he was in such pain in his life.

Taking one last look at the handsome well-built stud before me, I smiled and put the cover over him.

"Sweet dreams, Carlos." ###

I went to bed trying not to think about what had happened. But it was difficult because I was still shocked by all that had taken place. I never in a million years would have guessed that someone like Beto would try to take advantage of Carlos. Especially since he knew Carlos was straight. And it bothered me even more that Beto tried to do it by getting him drunk, so he could do what he wanted without Carlos knowing.

But one little small part of me understood the allure of Carlos for other men. Physically, he had about as perfect a body as you could find. And hormones don't care what a person's sexual orientation is. All they know is what they see and what they like. And god knows there was plenty to like with Carlos.

But there was also Carlos's personality and irreverent style of talking. Someone could easily take his comments as flirting. Unless they'd known Carlos for a long time and knew he was just a playful person. Always saying things just to get a rise out of you. And when Carlos let his guard down and you saw what a loving person he was, a guy could easily be attracted to that. So, any one of those qualities, or even all of them combined, would make Carlos a prime catch for any guy.

I tossed and turned for a while and finally fell asleep. When the alarm went off at 6 AM, I felt like shit and dreaded going in to work. I didn't hear any noise and wondered if Carlos was awake. I put on my robe, went to Carlos's bedroom, and looked in. He was still sound asleep, although he had turned on his side sometime during the night. I quietly walked back to my room and texted my boss that I was sick and wouldn't be in today. I decided to stay at home and make sure Carlos was okay.

After my shower, I walked back into Carlos's room and sat down on the bed. He was snoring, and I wasn't surprised that he was still out of it. As I said, tequila had a hellacious effect on him.

I shook Carlos's shoulder. No response.

"Carlos? Hey. Carlos." He still didn't wake up or even move. Finally, I used both of my hands, grabbed his arm and shook hard. "CARLOS! Wake up! C'mon wake UP!"

Carlos opened his eyes and slowly turned and looked at me. He blinked a couple of times, and then in a whisper said, "What?"

"Mano, its 6:30. Do you want me to call in to work for you?"

Carlos closed his eyes and didn't respond. After a minute, with his eyes still closed, he said, "Yeah . . . thanks." With that, he turned back over and went back to sleep.

I walked quietly out of the room, called Carlos's supervisor, and told him he was sick. He thanked me and said to let him know if he couldn't make it tomorrow. I told him I would and hung up.

I made some breakfast, read the paper, and just generally relaxed. I checked on Carlos from time to time, but I didn't expect to see him any time soon. I was right.

Finally, the door to Carlos's bedroom opened and he came walking out, still clothed in only the boxer briefs he'd worn last night. He was rubbing his face and sat down in the recliner, leaning back with his eyes closed. A small smile appeared on my face and I knew I'd have to be gentle with him.

"Soooo . . . you had a late night?" Carlos didn't say anything, and I started laughing.

"Are you okay? You want anything to eat?"

With his eyes still closed, Carlos said, "No, I'm not hungry." A few seconds later, he said, "My head feels like shit. I shouldn't have drunk all that goddamn tequila last night. Fucking Beto . . ."

"You want some orange juice? Water? Anything?"

Carlos hesitated a moment, and then said, "Can you get me a small glass of OJ? That might be okay."

I went and got the orange juice and set it down next to him. Carefully, I said, "Do you remember anything about last night, Carlos?"

Carlos leaned forward and sipped the juice slowly.

"Not much. We were drinking. Beto was . . . going on and on . . . about . . ." He paused and frowned. "Shit, I don't know." He sipped some more of the orange juice. "Maybe his girlfriend . . . or some pussy he was getting on the side . . . or . . . shit, I really don't remember."

Carlos put the glass down, closed his eyes again, and leaned back in the recliner. I watched him and waited. After a minute of silence, he opened his eyes again and smiled at me. Or more of a lopsided smile.

I smiled back, and said, "Well, it doesn't surprise me you don't remember. You were sound asleep when I woke up this morning."

Carlos rubbed his face. When he spoke, his voice was a little stronger.

"I think he was talking about . . . some girls I ought to go out with now that I was single. Or something like that. And he kept giving me fucking shots of tequila." He laughed weakly, and said, "I kept telling him to stop, but you know hard it is for me to quit when I start the shots." He paused again. "I really don't know how much I drank."

I didn't say anything and waited to decide what to tell him.

Carlos laughed weakly again and said, "You know Beto gets to acting weird when he's fucked up. He kept punching me, telling me that all the women were after me. Trying to drag my body off to bed and fuck me. Or some shit like that." He picked up the orange juice and drank some more.

"Then he started grabbing me and saying 'Man, they all want your cock! They wanna suck your meat and slide it in their pussy.' You know, stupid shit like that."

Carlos paused a moment, and then said, "I kept pushing his hands off me, but he kept saying 'what's the matter? You such a pussy, you don't think you got the shit for the women?' and crap like that. I said 'puta, I got what they need.' And he would start grabbing me again. One time he even tried to grab my cock." He paused again and finished drinking his orange juice.

"What did you do when he did that?" I asked.

A strange look came over Carlos's face for a moment.

"Hmm . . . you know, I don't really remember. I probably told him to fuck off. But I was so drunk, the rest is sort of a blur."
