 Something weird happened last night and I am very conflicted about it. I've been traveling across the country with my band and we've been crashing in people's houses along the way. They're small shows, we're barely breaking even financially and if we can keep that up it will be a huge success. Our fan base is growing so that's cool. Sadly there are not a lot of girls among them. They're mostly college guys, frat guys, which is counter our own punk lifestyles but so long as they like the music, we're cool with it.

Anyway, last night we were all crashing at this house. It was your standard over stuffed rented college guy house, it was 3 to a bedroom before we got there. They were a rough bunch of jocks, but they were also pretty good hosts. We all smoked their pot, drank their beer, and played their video games. They had this huge tv bolted high up to wall. The rest of the place was pretty shabby but their entertainment system was incredible. I guess that's were all their money went.

6 of us in the band with 12 of them from the house were all packed shoulder to shoulder on one big couch and a love seat.

One by one the weed and beer did its trick and people are passing out where they sit, no one made it to the rooms. Penises were drawn on faces, I think somebody even got pee'd on. I was one of the last to fall asleep, but apparently not the first to wake up. 

It's hours latter and my mouth was dry and my back was aching. The room smelled like sweat and stale beer and staler weed. I could hear the tap tap of a two game controllers being used. My eyes just barely open and I scan the room. Everyone was asleep except two guys. One was our base player Jamie. He's more emo than he is punk but he plays a mean base guitar. He fusses over his long, straight black hair, it has a few green highlights. Lip ring, tongue ring, nose stud, 4 or 5 rings in his ears. He's lucky we can't afford to fly; he'd never make it through a metal detectors. He's barely 18 and definitely what you would call a pretty boy. Whatever female fans make it to our shows he's usually the one to scoop them up. But that morning he was sitting on the lap of Mike, one of the guys from the house we were crashing. They were playing video games with the sound muted. Mike has a smug grin and Jamie looks irritated.

"Shit!" Jamie said. 

"Ha ha, you lost again, bitch." Mike says. He's the kind of guy who will say "bitch," a lot throughout the day. Mike's big and hairy. Probably plays rugby or something. He wears a striped polo shirt, board shorts. 

"Fuck you, what now?" Jamie asks, then he takes a massive hit on the bong and passes it behind him to Mike. These guys have clearly kept the party going all night. It must close to close to 7am. 

Mike makes his voice extra lecherous, teasing. "Now you give me that lap dance." 

"This is so gay, you're an asshole." 

"Just do it, faggot." Jamie told him to fuck off, but at the same time he started mechanically gyrating on top of Mike's jeans while they played another round. Anyone else in the band would have stormed off, but to Jamie if he lost a bet he has to pay up no matter what. He's only 18, friendly bet's are still like iron law to him, the idea if walking away wouldn't occur to him. His tight emo girl jeans rub up and down on Mike's crotch, it's hilarious. The ultimate humiliation.

Mike turned his head and cought me watching, he put a finger to his lips and I winked back. At some point I'll yelled and scare Jamie, he'll be so embarrassed. I knew what they were doing. For every game one person lost they had to humiliate themselves in some gay-ass way that also made it harder to play. Like sitting on the other guys lap. If you kept loosing it went farther, though lap dance was as far as I've ever seen it go. It was all I could do to keep from laughing. The TV was bolted up to wall so Mike could see it above Jamie's head. Jamie was having a hard time concentrating while he moved his butt back and forth on top of Mike's shorts. Then the light flickered on the screen and I knew Jamie lost again. "God damn it, what now."

"Man, you suck at this, I wonder what else you SUCK at."

"Fuck you." 

"At this level it's pants off."

"What?" 

"You heard me, it keeps going farther until you win one. I thought you played this before."

"I have, but..."

"But nothing. Take my your pants off and take mine off too like a good little bitch." Resigned he took off his pants, and slid Mike's down as well. 

"If anyone wakes up you know what this will look like?" 

Mike's laugh was deep and throaty. "Ha, maybe trying winning before someone comes to (he winked at me), or they'll see what a bitch-ass fag you." I had to swallow to keep from giggling out loud. Jamie winced as he sat his butt down on Mike's hairy legs. He tried to avoid Mike's crotch but with all the sweat between them his ass kept sliding down from Mike's thighs to his bulge. He gave up fighting gravity then he just tried to remain still. They started a new game. "Hey, hey bitch. You keep that ba-donka-donk moving. You haven't even earned your pants back yet, you don't get to quit dancing." Jamie restarted his lap dance moving up and down with a mad look. I thought it was so funny until I saw Mike's cock through his underwear. It was huge! There is nothing funny about a cock that big. Holy shit it was big, and getting bigger. With each up and down it grew. I felt bad for Jamie all of a sudden. It's got to be scary to be so close to wang like that. But suddenly Jamie got hopeful, the game was close, he was going to get his pants back. This rubbing was clearly distracting Mike as much as it was Jamie, noticing this Jamie sped it up and really starting backing that thing up into Mike. Mike's eyes went wide. Then right when Jamie was about to win, Mike humps up and slams his half hard penis threw his boxers past Jamie's cheeks to hit his asshole through his own tight colorful designer briefs. Jamie yelped up and his butt clenched, Mike swooped in and won the game.

"Dude, what the fuck!?" Whispering as loud as he could without yelling. "You knocked my hole with your dick!"

"Ha ha, under wear off."

"You're sick man, this sick." Sulking, Jamie slide his tight underpants off, he was completely hairless. I already knew about that. His grooming habits were something we already made fun of him for. Then he got on his knees and pulled Mike's pants down. This was going crazy-far. I felt like I should say something. I thought I should yell to Jamie, tell him he doesn't have to do this, but I didn't. I just stared on as Mike abused and humiliated my young band mate. Jamie couldn't help but stare at Mike's big angry cock. "What, you distracted, bitch?" 

Very quietly this time. "Um... fuck you." They play another game, both sweaty and naked from the waist down. Mike smiled with perverse domination, his face contorted as Jamie's smooth naked ass slid up and down his massive cock. I wonder if a cock that big feels twice the pleasure as normal cock? That's weird thought. I bet no girl has ever been so compliant with Mike, he's finally found someone he can bully all the way to the limit. Jamie's look of disgust is changed into something more horrified as Mike's penis stimulated the outside of his asshole.. It was fully erect then, it's huge mushroom head leaked against Jamie's ass.

I saw Jamie's face react and I could tell he felt the sticky pre-cum, it would feel different from the sweat. The sound is different to. Jamie can barely pay attention to the screen and Mike win's again barely having to play. Mike doesn't have to say it, Jamie knows what's next. He knows he shouldn't have let himself get distracted that time, it was his last chance to walk away with his manhood intact.

"No..." He squeaks. Mike positions his dick at Jamie's asshole. Its sweaty and slimy, no lube need. Suddenly I saw Jamie realize something. He matured a bit and suddenly knew he could walk away. 

But its to late and the head of Mike's penis is pushing at his hole. Then it pops in and Jamie drops the controller, his mouth makes a silent scream and he slowly starts to slide the long way down to the base of the shaft, just a millimeter at a time. "This... can't... be... happening..."

"Oh god that's tight."

"Oh Mike, no..."

"I can't believe you did it, I never thought you'd do it. You must be one horny faggot."

"I'm not... ugh... I'm not..."

"How's it feel? How's my big dick feel up your ass?

"It's weird."

"Does it still hurt?" Suddenly Mike sounds a little tender, understanding.

"Less, it feels..."

"How about now!" Mike humped up powerfully and Jamie has to bite his lip to keep from screaming. Its not just pain anymore, that thrust must have triggered something because his previously flaccid dick is starting to rise. "Pick up your controller, fruit, we're still playing." Jamie lifts his controller up by the chord with a confused look on face. If he's not gay why is he getting hard? Mike humps again and again while Jamie tries to play the game. Fucking Jamie seems to be helping Mike's focus, but Jamie can barely paying attention. With each thrust of Mikes massive cock inside him Jamie's dick plumps up, and soon its rock hard. Hump, hump, then its harder than rock hard, its shaking

"Man, a hole is hole but you are fucking tight." Mike says. "How does it feel, my dick sliding in and out of you?"

"Oh god, it's..." Jamie's face goes red he's so ashamed.

Mike stops thrusting for a moment. "Say it."

"It feels good Mike. Oh god it's so weird but it feels good, I've never been this hard."

"Mmm, feel it, feel it all inside you. Oh yeah, I'm going to turn you into a whore."

"No, don't make me a whore!"

"When I cum inside you that will be it, you can never change that. You will always have a man's semen inside your ass."

"Please don't cum inside me, I don't want to be fag..."

Is that how it works? I wondered. I don't know, but I can tell you when Jamie came he going to came so hard he wont be able to live the rest of his life without getting fucked like that again. He really will be whore. I'm not fag, but maybe I can help him out in that regard. I have gotten so hard watching Mike fuck Jamie. Mike is speeding up, Jamie drops his controller but Mike is still playing and fucking him at the same time. 

"Ugh, just... ugh, just don't cum in..." Jamie arches his back.

"Shut up. Oh fuck."

"No, no, no, fuck I'm cumming too!"

Mike ejaculates a huge load inside Jamie, filling his ass up. At the same time Jamie cums so hard he hits the wall accross the room, just narrowly missing a passed out frat guy. Actually it drips down into the guy's hair, hopefully he won't ask why he's sticky before we leave.

Mike pushes Jamie off his lap in disgust. Then he whips his dick off in Jamie's. "Gross, you're a fucking faggot. I knew it. You better be out of here before noon, whore."

Mike looks back at me and laughs, then walks away. Jamie stays on all fours for a minute, naked ass in the air, still in shock. In shock over being used and abuse like that, and in shock over having a wall spattering orgasm without ever touching his dick. Another man's cum drips down his asshole and hits his foot. That breaks him out of it. Jamie finds his pants and goes off. Maybe he was looking for the bathroom, maybe he was looking for one last fuck before noon. I pretend to be asleep for another minute and then head to the van. I pull one of Jamie's shirt's out of his bag and jack off right into it. I cover the whole thing, it feels so good, then I stuff it back in his pack. He won't know who did it, all he'll know is one of his band mates knows what a whore he is. Let him think about that for a while.