 A NEW EXPERIENCE

Steve Williams turned 18 years old just he graduated from high school. He had been accepted at a prominent private all boys school that he was leery about since there were no girls or woman on the campus. His parents were very proud of his acceptance at the elite college but he knew that he would miss his girlfriend or any girl for that matter. The past summer he and his high school sweetheart had fucked like rabbits and now he would not see her until Thanksgiving. The first order of business was to check in with the school doctor for his physical. He still had not met his roommate who had yet to arrive on campus.

What most people didn't know about Steve was that he was blessed with a nice size cock, especially for his stature. His girlfriend Jill knew but she was not about to tell anyone especially those other horny high school girls. Steve was 5'11" tall, weighed 170 pounds and his body was virtually hairless and his skin was flawless. He had blonde hair with blue eyes and he was a very fit young man. His cock when erect measured just over eight inches long and five inches around. Steve liked his cock. He liked playing with it and jerking off. 

Steve could cum in large amounts producing voluminous ejaculations. He often jerked off fantasizing about Jill and he would shoot his cum into the air. Six or seven streams of cum would shoot out of his cock and land on his head, neck, chest, abs and pubes. Steve would then rub his cum into his body and let it dry on his body. He could also cum four or five times a day as he had a seemingly endless supply of semen.

Steve's appointment was with a young doctor named Vance Roberts the school physician. Dr. Roberts was new to the area and it was his second year at the college. Vance was a good looking young man at 30 years of age. He stood at 6'2" and weighed 190 pounds. He was an avid tennis player and played three or four times a week. Vance was in excellent shape and he took pride in his appearance. He considered himself bisexual as he enjoyed sex with both male and female partners. He would visit the nearby town to date women but on campus he satisfied his needs with his gay roommate and receptive students.

The day of Steve's physical check-up, Vance checked his schedule and noticed that Steve was his last patient of the day. Dr. Roberts always preferred to do physicals at the end of the day just in case the appointment ran over a little. That way he didn't keep his other students waiting. Dr. Roberts entered the exam room and introduced himself to Steve. The nurse named Randy had already taken Steve's pulse and blood pressure. 

"Hello, I'm Dr. Roberts but please call me Vance."

"I'm Steve Williams."

"Well Steve it's nice to meet you welcome to Hastings. Let's go over some medical history and then we'll get started, okay."

"Okay."

Vance Roberts went over Steve's medical history and then he had Steve provide a urine sample. Dr. Roberts's nurse came back in and drew blood from Steve's arm. Steve thought it was strange that Dr. Roberts had a male nurse but then again it was an all male school. Steve noticed that Randy acted very feminine and swished his ass around when he walked.

Randy then told Steve to take off his clothes and put on a gown. "You slip your arms through in the front and it ties behind you. Go ahead and get ready and the doctor will be right back."

Randy stepped out of the exam room and Steve changed into the gown. He felt strange being naked and he was actually a little turned on. Steve always got excited when he was naked and he always got an erection. Today was no exception as he felt his cock harden beneath the gown. Steve was embarrassed that his cock was still hard when Dr. Roberts returned. Vance Roberts spotted Steve's erection as it pushed out the gown and he smiled.

"A horny little fucker and with a big cock to boot," Vance thought to himself and decided to have some fun with Steve.

Vance checked all of Steve's vital signs, breathing and reflexes. He touched Steve lightly as he checked him out and Steve was incredibly turned on. Only Jill had ever touched him so often and so tenderly. Dr. Roberts checked Steve's mouth, ears, eyes, and throat.

"Everything is looking good Steve. Now I need to check you for a hernia and I need to check your testicles and prostate. Stand up please."

Steve stood up in front of the exam table and his erect cock pushed the gown straight out. Steve blushed and turned beet red at his predicament. Dr. Roberts acted as if it was perfectly normal for Steve to have an erection. When he touched Steve's genitals, Steve thought that he would cum on the spot. Vance felt the young man's testicles and took his time handling Steve's sac. Steve's sac tightened like a drum and he let out a soft moan.

"It's quite all right Steve. It is very natural for a young man to get frequent erections."

Steve had his eyes closed as Vance handled him and he tried to think of other things in hoped that his erection would subside. Vance, however intentionally kept Steve aroused. 

"Okay it's time to check your prostate," Vance announced. 

He told Steve to turn and face the exam table. Steve did as he was told and then he watched as Vance put on a rubber glove and squirted some lubricant on his finger. Vance then told Steve to lean forward over the table and to relax. Steve felt a slippery finger probe his anus and then enter his asshole. Steve gasped at the penetration. Steve really didn't need a prostate exam but Vance just couldn't resist fingering the young man's tight shapely ass. Vance wormed his finger around in Steve's ass and Steve's cock became harder than ever.

Vance eventually removed his finger from Steve's asshole but Steve still felt the sensation from the intrusion. Steve then almost fainted when Vance took hold of Steve's cock. Steve realized then that the doctor had moved his glove and he stroked Steve with his bare hand.

"I think that you could use some help with this," Vance said as he slowly stroked Steve's throbbing cock.

Vance then untied Steve's gown and let it fall to the floor in front of him. Steve was standing naked over the exam table as Vance stroked Steve's cock. Steve had never felt so hard in his life and he thought that at any minute he would shoot cum all over the exam room. Vance sensed that Steve was close and he put his finger back in Steve's asshole except this time he didn't bother with a glove. Steve flinched and then tensed as the finger explored his anus and rectum again.

"Oh, I'm going to cum!" Steve screamed and then cum flew out of his cock. 

Vance watched as Steve's cum shot out and landed on the exam table. The first three spurts must have traveled three to four feet. The next two streams landed midway on the table and then two more gobs landed on the edge of the exam table. Vance loved the feeling of cum traveling through Steve's cock as the shaft throbbed and pulsed in Vance's hand. Vance looked at the exam table and the paper sheet covering the table was drenched with semen. Steve stood there as Vance still held on to the teen's impressive cock. Steve remained hard and Vance smiled as he thought about the recuperative powers of teenagers. Vance decided that Steve had enough for one day.

"Steve you can get cleaned up and dressed now," Vance told him.

"I messed up your table," Steve replied in a whisper.

"That's okay, that's why there is a paper sheet on it. Randy will clean it up," Vance told him.

Steve used paper towels to wipe off his cock and to wipe the lubricant off his ass. Steve still had the sensation of the anal penetration in his ass. He dressed and then left the exam room. Randy unlocked the office door and let Steve out. Steve headed back to the dorm very confused about the incident in the doctor's office. He knew it was wrong to let someone stroke his cock and finger his ass but he had to admit it was kind of exciting. 

Randy cleaned up the exam room after Steve left and he was still in the room when Vance returned. "My God that kid shot a gallon of cum on the table!" Randy exclaimed.

"I know you should have seen it. I didn't think he was going to ever stop cumming. I think we have a potential convert," Vance said.

"Oh yummy, I like them young like that," Randy replied licking his lips.

"Yeah, well right now I need some attention. That scene was really a turn-on," Vance stated.

"Do you want me to take off my clothes?" Randy asked.

"No, just suck me for now and then we'll go to the house," Vance replied.

Randy dropped to his knees in front of Vance and unfastened Vance's pants. Randy pushed Vance's pants along with the underwear down to Vance's knees. Vance was rock hard and Randy lovingly grasped the 7+" cock. Randy then took the cock in his mouth and proceeded to suck Vance off.

Randy was a very good cocksucker and in no time he had Vance ready to blow his load. Vance tried to prolong his orgasm as long as he could. Randy knelt on the floor and drew Vance in toward him. Randy caressed the back of Vance's legs and cheeks of Vance's ass as his warm, wet, wonderful mouth sucked on Vance's cock. Randy massaged the head of Vance's cock against the roof of his mouth. He circled Vance's cock with his tongue and Vance felt the light scraping of Randy's teeth. Vance's knew he was going to shoot soon.

Randy took Vance's cock out of his mouth and looked up at him as he stroked the entire length of it and massaged Vance's bloated balls. Randy loved to suck Vance's cock and he loved to tease him as well. Randy then put the cock back in his mouth to wet it and then took it out again and blew on it as his fingers continually massaged Vance's balls. Randy tickled the cock head with his tongue and teased Vance's pee slit. Randy teased Vance relentlessly. Randy seemed to know when Vance was getting close, and he would do things to make Vance last longer, torturing him in the process.

Randy looked up at Vance and smiled as he stroked the slick cock. Randy then took Vance's cock all the way into his warm wet mouth. He swirled his tongue around the length of the shaft, nibbled on the cock head and sucked Vance hard. Randy reached under Vance's balls and rubbed the hardness between his balls and anus. Vance felt his cock thicken and he knew he was going to cum. There was no stopping Vance from cumming this time.

Randy grabbed Vance's ass cheeks with both hands as Vance exploded in Randy's mouth. Vance fired round after round of cum into Randy's mouth and Randy sucked and swallowed as fast as he could. Rope after rope of semen shot into Randy's mouth as Vance seemed to have an enormous supply. Finally the barrage subsided and the remaining cum just oozed into Randy's mouth. Randy sucked on the thick firm cock until he had drained every drop from Vance's dick.

Randy wished that Vance would just take him at that moment. Randy visualized being pressed down on the exam table with his pants around his knees as Vance drilled Randy's asshole. But Randy had to be patient and he knew that once they were at the house, Vance would fuck him senseless. Vance pulled up his pants and then the two of them closed up and left the office. 

RANDY IS REWARDED FOR HIS PATIENCE

Randy had moved in with Vance last year and he loved their bisexual relationship. Vance was a good lover and they often included the students in their sexual exploits. When they reached the house, they wasted no time in stripping off their clothes and getting in bed. Randy's ass was deliciously round and very fuckable. Randy's cock was more in the normal range about 6 inches and he was not as thick as Vance. Vance lubricated Randy's ass thoroughly in preparation for anal sex. Randy loved the feeling of Vance's fingers as Vance worked them in and out of Randy's asshole. Vance knelt behind Randy and he began to caress his nurse's beautiful ass. Randy's body was delicate, hairless and flawless. Vance couldn't believe how much Randy looked like a girl from behind with his shapely curvy ass in the air and then he remembered a number of students who looked the same way. As he sawed his fingers in and out of Randy's anus Vance was getting turned on by the thought of burying his cock in the shapely bottom. He moved closer to Randy and lined up the head of his cock with Randy's anal opening and began to ease it into to him. 

Vance spat on his hand and rubbed his saliva all over his cock which made it very slick when combined with the lotion. Vance's cock head cleared Randy's sphincter and it slid right in without resistance. Randy's ass chute was warm and tight as Vance went deep into him. If Randy ever felt any discomfort, he never let on that he did. Vance was all the way in Randy's ass and he started a slow fucking motion. Vance continued to pump Randy's ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts as he caressed the smooth round cheeks. 

Randy asked Vance to fuck him harder and quicker. So Vance picked up the pace and he started pounding Randy's ass faster and faster. Vance's balls started bouncing off of his Randy's balls and Randy was moaning with each thrust of cock. Vance could feel his climax building and he knew that any moment he would shoot his seed in Randy's ass. Vance tried to make it last as long as possible but once Randy started to contract his sphincter muscle Vance lost it.

Vance fired a barrage of cum in his nurse's ass filling it to overflowing. As he continued to fuck Randy, Vance's cum backed up in Randy's rectum and began to ooze out flowing over their balls. Randy used his talented sphincter to milk Vance's cock and drain it of all his seed. Vance didn't think that his cock would ever be soft again as he remained hard in Randy's tight sheath. Randy's milking action weakened him and Vance collapsed on top of Randy's body.

Randy flattened out on the bed with Vance on top and Vance's cock still in his Randy's rectum. Vance rolled off of him and his hard cock slipped from Randy's ass. Randy rolled to his back and spread his legs lifting his knees to his chest.

"Fuck me again," he begged.

Vance moved between Randy's legs much like he would fuck a woman and lined up his still erect cock with his nurse's asshole. Randy was also as hard as a rock and his cock pointed toward his head. Vance pressed slightly forward and his cock moved into Randy's hot ass again. Randy's sphincter actually pulled Vance inside and the cock went all the way into Randy's ass as Vance's balls rested on Randy's buttocks.

"God, that feels so good, fuck me," Randy cried out.

Randy's ass lifted off the bed and Vance's cock was fully embedded in it. Vance pulled back a little and pushed forward. Randy groaned as Vance began to slowly fuck him, each time taking a longer stroke. Vance's cock head would come out to the edge of Randy's asshole before he pushed it back in. Their fucking was making a sucking sound. Each time Vance's balls slammed against his nurse's ass, his body and Randy's ass made a wet slapping sound. 

Vance was so fucking hot that he crammed his cock fully into Randy. Randy held Vance's cock and massaged it with his anal muscles; Vance knew he was not going to last very long even though he had already cum. Randy humped up against Vance fucking him back as Vance fucked him. Their room smelled of sex and sweat. Vance reached down to stroke Randy's cock but Randy grabbed his wrist and stopped him.

"No, I want to cum just from you fucking me," he said and pushed the hand away, "Just keep fucking me."

Vance took slow long strokes in and out of his nurse's ass as Randy pushed up into him more and more. Soon Randy took control and just fucked Vance's cock. Vance let Randy fuck him with his ass muscles. Vance's actions became more erratic and his thrusts shorter and more powerful. Randy was grunting as Vance's cock slid in and out of his hot ass. Soon Vance's cock was barely staying in Randy's ass. Randy slowed down and let the cock just press against his prostate. Randy announced that he was cumming. Vance felt Randy's cum shoot between their bodies coating their chests and abs and then oozing out around their pubes. That set Vance off and he began to pound his cock in and out of Randy's hole. Vance slammed his cock into his nurse's loose wet hole and he felt his balls tighten again. Vance pressed deep into him and his seed filled his nurse's ass.

"Yes cum in my ass again. Oh I feel it, I feel your hot juice," Randy groaned.

Vance pulled, pushed and cum spurted into Randy making his hole wetter and warmer as Vance's cock easily slid in. Vance continued fucking him until his legs were weak and he stopped cumming. Vance's cock slipped from Randy's ass as they cuddled and Randy stroked Vance's exhausted body.

"I love fucking you. I love your ass," Vance whispered into his ear.

Several minutes passed and then they took a shower together. In the shower Vance jerked Randy's cock until Randy came and sprayed cum on the shower wall. Vance liked watching Randy cum and he liked the feel of cum traveling through the shaft of Randy's cock. After the shower they put on robes and had a cocktail while they watched TV. Later they went to bed in their king size bed but there was no more sex as they were both wiped out.

STEVE MEETS HIS ROOMMATE JEREMY

After his physical with his anus still tingling from the doctor's office Steve returned to his dorm room. His roommate Jeremy had arrived and was in the process of settling in. Steve introduced himself and then kicked back on his bed and watched Jeremy. Steve thought that his roommate looked slightly effeminate, even his body language was different. For some reason Steve kept checking out Jeremy's ass which was very round and perfectly shaped. He had had anal sex with Jill a couple of times and he had liked it. She had a great ass but not any better shaped than Jeremy's.

"I have to get my physical tomorrow," Jeremy announced.

"I had my physical today but it was weird. The doc has a male nurse who I think is gay and the doctor seemed to like fingering my ass and he jerked me off too."

"Really, do you think the doctor is gay too?"

"I don't know but he seemed like playing with my dick."

"Wow that's something."

Steve noticed that Jeremy's pants tented slightly and he was sure it was a boner. "Hey did that get you turned on?"

"Oh sorry, I guess it did. The part of the doctor jerking you off is hot. Maybe he'll jerk me off too."

"You like that, you like guys playing with your dick."

Jeremy blushed and admitted that he did. "I do. I've only had sex with guys since I turned 18 a few months ago.

"Really, tell me how it happened."

"Okay but you have to promise to keep it a secret between us."

"I promise."

"I'm going to take my clothes off." Jeremy announced and he stripped down to his knit underwear surprising Steve with his boldness.

Jeremy was a handsome young man at 18 years of age. He had bleached blonde hair and a slim build except for his curvy ass. Steve called it a true bubble butt. Jeremy stood at 5'7" tall and weighed 155 pounds. He was somewhat effeminate and one could even say he was pretty rather than handsome. Jeremy had an average size cock at 6 inches long and just shy of 5 inches around. Jeremy had all the stamina of a young man and he could seemingly cum 4 -5 times a day and he came in buckets when he ejaculated. He would learn that Steve too could cum a lot.

JEREMY'S STORY

He told Steve that it began at his uncle's ranch where he worked this past summer. He was assigned to work with two ranch hands Jake and Dirk. Jeremy had never cleaned stalls before but he would learn. Jeremy worked side by side with Jake and Dirk as they cleaned the horse stalls. They filled the cart full with the horse excrement and Dirk hauled it out to the fields. The three of them worked tirelessly and cleaned all the stalls. Dirk and Jake then helped Jeremy with the afternoon feeding and watering of the horses. When they were done they headed to the out bunk house to shower and wash the stench from their bodies.
