 Author's Note -- There are elements of non-consent in this story. If that type of element offends you, or is problematic, please do not read.

###

I couldn't believe it.

Carlos . . . my friend . . . my brother . . . the hottest, sexiest man I'd ever known . . . was lying on my bed, sound asleep, and completely nude. Even though I felt guilty for doing it, I couldn't help but look at his beautiful body.

My gaze traveled from his face to his massive chest, lingered on his tight, defined abs, and came to rest on his cock. Carlos's soft cock was surrounded by a neatly trimmed bush of black hair. It was uncut, about 5 inches long and thick. The smooth shaft was a beautiful shade of brown, capped by a large head and covered by his foreskin. I could only imagine what it looked like hard. His balls were just as striking - smooth, hairless and larger than most that I had seen. I thought about the massive bulge I'd always seen whenever he wore his boxer briefs. Now understood where it came from. Without a doubt, Carlos was packing an impressive piece of meat.

As I continued to look at Carlos's cock, the urge to reach out and suck it into my mouth was strong. But I knew I'd be no better than Beto if I tried to take advantage of him while he was asleep. Licking my lips, I suppressed the urge.

But it was hard.

Damn hard.

Carlos's legs were hanging over the edge of the bed and they were even more remarkable. His leg muscles were massive, and his calves extended from just below his knees and spread out like teardrops. I could imagine lifting those legs up and spreading those hard ass cheeks. I'd lick and tongue his virgin hole until it opened up and let me in.

Hesitantly, I reached out and pushed his left knee.

"Carlos?"

No answer.

I pushed harder on his knee and raised my voice.

"Carlos?"

Other than a very slight movement of his head, there was no response.

Carlo's entire body was a stunning display of muscle and beauty from head to toe. The more I looked at it, the more I wanted to just feel it. Hold it. Stroke it.

Slowly, I lay down on my side next to Carlos, looking at his face. I reached over and put my hand on his chest. There was still no reaction from the sleeping muscle hunk.

I looked over at his chest and gently began to rub his pecs. As my fingers passed over the pink nipples, I saw them get hard, like sexy little pebbles. A wave of desire started building in me and I began running my hand over more and more of his chest.

Carlos's scent was powerful. I learned over further and started nuzzling him, planting gentle kisses on his shoulders and neck.

It was almost like a dream! The friend I'd loved for so long was next to me and I was feeling and kissing him. My hand started moving down his chest to his abs, while my lips were moving from his neck towards his mouth.

As the sexual heat increased, the longing to take Carlos was getting harder to ignore. I lifted my head and was about to kiss him full on the lips when his eyes opened.

It was as if time stood still. I don't know how long Carlos looked at me with unsteady eyes. But as he looked at me, that smile I knew so well spread slowly across his face. I looked at him with unconcealed lust and gently brought my lips down on his.

I started kissing him softly and practically melted when I felt him start to kiss back. Our kisses became harder and more urgent. Suddenly, he opened his lips and the tip of his tongue was pushing against mine, trying to get inside. I sucked in his tongue, kissing him with more passion than I'd ever kissed another man.

I couldn't get enough of Carlos. I rolled over on top of him and he slowly brought his arms around me. I was kissing his cheeks, his nose, his mouth. Anything that was a part of his face. Our first gentle kisses had turned into a match of kissing domination, with each trying to kiss the other harder . . . deeper . . . stronger.

The waves of desire had completely washed over me. Not only was my heart racing and my breathing heavy, my cock was at full mast. Even more amazing was that I could feel Carlos's hard cock beneath me.

I continued kissing Carlos and slowly moved down to his chest. As my lips reached his pecs, I licked the hard muscle. Carlos groaned and writhed until my mouth reached his nipple. It was still rock hard, and I sucked it in my mouth. Gasping, Carlos came up off the bed. I couldn't get enough of his hot nipple in my mouth and kept sucking and biting it.

After a few moments, I ran my tongue down the edge of his pec, licking the sweat in the deep cleft between, and continued up the edge of his other pec. Quickly, I put his other nipple in my mouth and started sucking it with a vengeance. Carlos was groaning in pleasure and started running his fingers through my hair, trying to hold my head in place.

But I was having none of that. Within moments, my tongue and mouth were licking and sucking all over his chest. I thrust his arms away from my head and continued my assault.

"Ian . . . Ian . . ."

Carlos's weak voice pierced through my haze of lust. But I was so delirious with hunger for the body I'd wanted for so long, I ignored it.

I started moving back up to kiss him again and my hard cock rubbed over his. Carlos was still hard underneath me and I wondered how big his massive meat had become.

I still had my clothes on but was about to remedy that quickly. I rose up slightly, pulled off my shirt, and almost went wild when I felt his strong pecs and abs rub against me. Reaching under me, I unbuttoned and unzipped my shorts, and started pushing them down, along with my bikini briefs.

Carlos must have felt what I was doing. I could hear his voice, woozy from his alcoholic fog.

"Ian . . . wait . . . let's uhhh . . ."

He was still mumbling when I finished pushing my shorts and briefs down my legs and kicked them off. Carlos and I were now both totally nude.

My throat tightened, and I was light headed. I couldn't believe how intense it felt with my bare body touching Carlos. But the most incredible feeling was the caress of my hard meat against Carlos's thick, meaty cock. The feeling was so passionate, I started moving my hips, rubbing our cocks together harder and harder. After a few moments, I could hear Carlos's whispering.

"Fuuuuck . . ."

I put my arms around him, grinding harder against his cock. I could feel his body respond, pushing against me and surrendering to our sexual heat.

"Fuuuuck . . . godddddaaaamn . . ."

As Carlos kept writhing and softly moaning, I began to fear that if we continued what we were doing, it would lead us down a path that we had never traveled in our friendship. And the consequences could be devastating for both of us.

But the feel of Carlos beneath me . . . his moans of ecstasy as he surrendered more and more . . . the thought of finally having the body I'd wanted for years . . . all these conspired to override my rationality. I started slowly moving down his body, kissing, sucking, and licking every inch, and heard him groan quietly.

"Oh fuck . . . shit . . ."

As he groaned, his squirming got harder, more intense, more urgent.

I kept sliding down his body, pushing his legs apart as I went between them. My mouth traveled over his tight abs and his cock kept rubbing against my cheek. My mouth was so hungry to get that slab of meat inside, I finally pulled up and looked at it.

His swollen meat was at least seven inches and thick. The foreskin had pulled back over a large pink, mushroomed head, which glistened. I could feel my mouth water and started to reach out and grab it. But as I reached out, I hesitated, knowing that once I touched Carlos's cock, we would be past the point of no return.

I looked up at Carlos's face. His eyes were closed, and he was quietly moaning. I paused a minute, then spoke for the first time since we had started kissing.

"Carlos . . . you okay?"

Silence. Carlos just lay there, moaning softly, and barely moving. I knew he was still boozed up and didn't know if he knew what was going on. I started to speak again, when I saw the tip of his tongue come out and moisten his lips.

I watched carefully.

And the sign I wanted from him so desperately slowly appeared.

He smiled.

It was lopsided, and you could tell he was still drunk. But it was a smile nevertheless.

I smiled back . . . and closed my hand around Carlos's thick cock.

Carlos's body jumped, and he gasped.

I stuck my tongue out and gently licked the moist, pink head. Another strong tremor erupted from Carlos's body and I started licking more and more of his sensitive cock head. The taste of his precum was an aphrodisiac, and my lips and tongue started wetting down the sides of his long shaft.

Carlos's entire body was wiggling, and it was hard to keep my lips on it. After a few minutes of stroking and licking, I finally took the head in my mouth and started sucking the cock I had only dreamed about.

As my mouth went down Carlos's dick, an erratic loud groan erupted, and his head came up off the bed.

I wrapped my lips tighter on the brown hunk of meat and kept sucking. Carlos started beating his arms against the bed as my head went up and down his cock. After a few minutes, the flailing started to die down and I felt Carlos's hips start to move.

It was hard for me to believe, but Carlos was trying to fuck my mouth. He was still wasted, and the movement was erratic, but he was trying. I felt him grab my head, like he did before, but this time it was gentler, as if only wanting me to stay in place so he could steady himself.

Carlos continued to fuck my mouth, but his drunken movements were getting weaker. But, drunk or not, there was no way I was going to let his cock go without cumming and splashing his jizz down my throat.

I tightened my lips and slid my mouth faster up and down his cock. As I deep throated his meat, I reached up across his tight abs and found his nipples. They were still hard little points of fire.

I started pinching and twisting his nipples and squeezing his pecs. Wasted though he was, Carlos started squirming and moaning again. The harder I sucked, the more I twisted those sensitive little bullets. I could hear his breathing get heavier and felt his cock get harder. I knew he was only moments away from blasting a load.

Carlos tried to fuck my mouth again but couldn't steady his hips. I reached underneath him, grabbed the edges of his ass, and started pushing him harder into my mouth. He started a low whine and I could feel the huge mushroom head get bigger. I pulled up slightly, so his cock wasn't so deep in my throat when shot his load.

Several bursts of cum hit my throat and I felt a flow of warm cream. It filled my mouth rapidly and I swallowed quickly. My hands were still on the edges of Carlos's ass and it flexed five, six, seven times as he got his nut. There was so much jizz, I could feel some of it ooze out of my lips and drip down the sides of his cock.

I kept Carlos's cock in my mouth and kept swallowing his cum as his climax slowly subsided. His body was spent, and I could feel him relax as it came down off its high. I kept sucking, trying to get as much of his sweet cream as I could. Finally, when I could get no more, I let it go from my mouth with an audible pop.

My body was slick with sweat and I slowly looked up from between Carlos's legs. The view was surreal. Carlos's cock was hanging down over his balls, mere inches from my face. I rose a little and could see that his body was drenched in sweat. There were numerous slight red abrasions all over his chest and abs, where my kissing and sucking had been intense. Carlos's head was laying back on the bed and there was no movement from his body. I smiled slightly and could only imagine what was going through his tequila-laced brain about his first blow job from a man.

With his meaty cock hanging down in front of me, I started looking at his lower body more carefully. His legs were smooth and had just a smattering of hair below his knees. I took a deep breath and could smell the strong scent of sex in the room.

My lust started growing again and I reached out my tongue and licked the inside of his right leg. My tongue just glided on the muscle. Soon, I was licking longer and harder up the inside of his leg, coming closer and closer to his cock and balls.

Carlos didn't move, and I continued to lick and kiss both his inner thighs. I was hard, and my tongue started snaking its way toward Carlos's cock again. As I licked the velvety tip of his head, I reached out and lifted it up.

Despite my efforts, Carlos's cock wouldn't get hard again. I licked the sides and sucked on his balls, but to no avail. Frustrated, I pulled his body closer to the edge of the bed and pushed his legs farther apart, so I could lift his nut sack and lick below it.

Carlos still didn't move. But I could smell his scent of sweat and sweet musk. It turned me on even more.

As I lifted his sack, I started to stick out my tongue . . . when I stopped dead in my tracks.

Underneath Carlos's nuts was the smooth strip of skin that led to his ass crack. The strip is called the perineum, but I often refer to it as the "taint" . . . because it "taint" his balls and it "taint" his ass!

It is an extremely erotic area. But, even more important, I knew that if I kept following along that taint, I would find Carlos's asshole hidden between those hard cheeks of muscle.

His tight asshole. His virgin, tight asshole. That had never been fucked before.

I began to breathe faster, and my heart quickened.

I ducked down under Carlos's legs and moved them until they were on my shoulders. I tried raising up. But his legs were so heavy, I couldn't lift them. I put my hands under his feet and tried raising up again.

Slowly . . . gradually . . . those heavy hunks of muscle began to rise.

As they rose, I thought Carlos would stir. But not a sound or movement came from him. Finally, I managed to get them up and push them back towards his chest. I looked down and swallowed heavily at the sight that greeted me.

I had dreamed about Carlos's sexy, muscular ass for years. And the sight of it now was even better than I had imagined.

It was the same shade of brown as the rest of his body, completely smooth, and not a hair in sight. His ass was so hard and muscled, that he had a deep ass crack that was clenched tight. I ran my finger down the crack and it barely parted. Obviously, it was not going to give up Carlos's asshole so easily!

I moved my hands down and began to pull apart those firm muscle cheeks. My lust was getting out of control as I manhandled those mounds of muscle and I pulled harder to get to the Promised Land. I kept squeezing my fingers deeper in his crack, pulling his cheeks apart, when suddenly, my prize appeared.

Finally looking at Carlos's tight little asshole made me light headed.

Like the rest of him, there wasn't a hair in sight. It was barely more than a little slit and I knew that no finger, and especially no cock, had ever been up inside it. As my finger touched it, the brown pucker started winking, opening and closing.

I could resist no longer.

I leaned over, flicked out my tongue, and tentatively lapped at the winking hole. Each time I tongued the hole, it winked more urgently, as if wanting more and more attention. I started rimming Carlos's entire ass crack and I could feel him stir for the first time since he'd shot his load.

I licked and tongued his ass harder, trying to get the tip inside his virgin hole. I could feel it start to open just a little bit and I tongued more urgently, pushing against his protective gate. Finally, the muscle gave ground a little and my tongue started going in. Deeper. And deeper.

Carlos started groaning again as his previously untouched fuck hole opened and let my tongue in. I was getting more and more of it inside that moist, velvety tunnel and started rimming the hell out of Carlos's ass.

After a few minutes of heavy rimming, his ass opened a little more and I started touching the winking flesh again with the tip of my finger. Carlos's hole was so wet, I was able to insert my finger slightly. The farther my tongue went in and the more my finger advanced, Carlos's groans got louder and his squirming harder.

The site of this nude, masculine muscle hunk groaning and writhing as I tongued and fingered his ass sent me over the edge.

No matter how much I tried to resist the thoughts . . . resist the desire . . . I couldn't resist it any longer.

I wanted to fuck Carlos.

No. I HAD to fuck Carlos.

In my mind, I knew it wasn't right.

I knew he had come to me months ago as his friend and brother.

I knew he was in pain from the separation from his family.

I knew he was drunk and wasn't thinking clearly.

Above all, I knew he was straight. And that meant that sex with another man was not something that he was interested in.

But I also knew that I had lusted after Carlos for more years that I could remember.

I had dreamed about his perfect body, his hot muscle ass, and that tight, fiery hole.

And the dreams had now become reality.

Here he was in front of me, on my bed, lying on his back with his legs up, and my finger fucking his flawless ass. My hormones shut down my rational side and I gave in to my long denied sexual desire.

I reached over, opened the drawer of my night stand, and pulled out a bottle of lube. Even though Carlos's ass was still wet from my rimming, I wanted it nice and slick for my cock.

I poured the lube all over my hand and started wiping it inside his ass crack and fingering it inside his hole. Despite having had my tongue and finger in it, Carlos's ass was still tightly shut.

As the lube penetrated, my finger slid inside. But it had to fight for every centimeter. I started fingering him again and a smile crept up my face as I heard his groans start.

"Just wait, Carlos," I thought quietly. "You ain't felt nothing yet!"

I continued fingering that virgin ass when suddenly, I heard him say in an unsteady voice, "Wha . . . what . . . what are you . . . doing?"

I was silent as I kept trying to finger him. His groaning started again, and I inserted a second finger into his ass. Goddamn, that motherfucker was TIGHT! I poured more lube on my fingers and tried to widen his hole even more. Carlos started gasping.

"Fuuuck . . . shit . . . oh shiiiiiit . . ."

I continued pouring more lube on my fingers and pushing more and more of it inside his ass.

Carlos kept gasping and gave off short yelps from time to time. His tight hole was starting to loosen up more and more, as my fingers twisted around easier.

Soon, both of my fingers were inside his hot hole up to the first knuckle. And even though Carlos was still groaning, his yelps had stopped. I grinned as I felt his hole relax a little more. I got my fingers in deeper.

Even though his hole was still tight, my fingers were sliding in and out easier. After a few more moments of fingering his ass, I pulled my fingers out, reached down, and wrapped my hand around my cock. I wanted it completely slick with lube so that it eased my entry into Carlos's ass.

Within seconds, my hand was gliding easily along my hard shaft.

I knew the time had come to do what I had wanted for so long.

To fuck Carlos Rivera's hot . . . tight . . . straight . . . muscle ass.

I stood over Carlos, spread his legs and pushed them back farther to open his ass. He had stopped groaning but was still moving slightly, as if trying to wake up from a bad dream. Grabbing my cock, I slid my hand over it one more time and placed the head against the slick opening of Carlos's asshole.

My heart was beating wildly in my chest and I was short of breath. I looked at my cock. It was throbbing and just waiting to begin its long-awaited journey into Carlos's ass.
