 After I finished university, I struggled for a good-paying job and money was tight. But I couldn't face living back at home. I managed to find a room to myself in a house-share with two other guys and three women. We were mostly in our early twenties and doing various entry-level jobs. One guy, Pete, was older. About 45. He was on a temporary assignment in our city and didn't want the hassle of renting somewhere unfurnished.

At home I had shared a bedroom with my brother and at uni I'd been in a shared room too so, even though I wasn't alone, my own room in the house gave me some privacy for the first time in my life. 

That privacy, plus lots of free time away from my crummy part-time job, gave me an opportunity to develop a healthy interest in internet porn. An opportunity that I grasped with both hands... 

It didn't take long to graduate from straight porn. 

I soon realized that I was excited by shemales. 

I didn't immediately want to admit to myself that I liked watching their cocks, but what else could it be? 

The guarantee of anal sex was a consideration. One way or another. 

I progressed from watching a shemale getting fucked, to enjoying them fucking other shemales and then to watching them fuck guys. 

Each phase needed me to admit to myself that maybe I wasn't entirely straight. 

Each step was a hurdle, but each hurdle became easier to clear. 

I liked watching cocks. Hard cocks. Cocks being stroked. Cocks fucking asses. Men's asses.

The biggest hurdle, one which I put off for a while, was searching for actual gay porn. Once I did, there was no going back. 

I let go of my inhibitions and watched men with men. 

I think I found all of this so arousing because I had never done anything with another guy. 

New things are always more exciting, don't you think? 

Anyway, I got into watching videos of guys stroking their dicks when I masturbated. 

Big dicks, in particular. 

I'm of Asian descent. Not hugely well-hung, just average. Uncircumcised. Those big ones you see online gave me a sense of inferiority that somehow made it all more erotic. 

I realized I may have submissive tendencies, even though it had never surfaced with any of my girlfriends.

I found one of those webcam sites and became a regular viewer. I prefer 'real' and homemade porn to the videos produced in studios, so watching real people masturbating for a live audience was perfect. 

Some of the cams are professional artistes, but there are plenty - especially of men - who are just exhibitionists who do it for their own satisfaction.

I found two or three guys that were regular broadcasters and commented often enough that they remembered me when I visited their rooms. Each had a big cock. 

I stroked myself as I watched these men bring themselves off. 

Like other viewers, I used the anonymity of the web to make very explicit comments. I told them I wanted stroke their big dicks and suck them off. Things like that. I got excited as I types in my messages and I could tell that they enjoyed all the comments. It obviously excited them to know that men wanted them and that they were masturbating while they watched.

One day a man I regularly watched PMed me to join him privately. 

All my favorites were older. This guy was probably about 50, judging from what I saw of his body. But I enjoyed watching because his cock was big and fat and it made me very horny when I saw him jerking off. I fantasized about stroking it. Sucking it. 

Unfortunately, I had to admit that I didn't have a webcam. He messaged me back that I had to go out and get one. 

My subservience to him, to his big cock, even through the web, took over. I agreed that I would, and we made a 'date' for a mutual jerk-off session the next day. 

It took most of my spare cash to get the cam but I was undeterred. I bought a decent model and set it up.

One of the options was to keep a video for one month each time I used the cam. I decided to make this the default. 

I was frustrated when I logged on the next day and my 'date' had left a message that he couldn't join me. I was all keyed up to go online with my cam though, so decided to open a public room - like all those other men I'd been watching.

I angled the view so that it was showing just my crotch area. I was still dressed but had a strong erection at the thought of what I was doing. I know that 99% of the people looking at these cams are men. I was intending to display myself for men to look at. It was another bold next step for me.

I started out with no viewers. I was looking at other men on other cams. Watching men stroking themselves. 

I rubbed my erection though my jeans as I watched. 

Then I noticed that I had a viewer. It excited me. I spread my legs and rubbed myself. He wrote that I should take off my jeans. A stranger. Just words on the screen. Instructing me to expose myself to him.

I unbuckled my belt and rubbed myself again. I stopped and wrote back that I had never done this before. I was shy. I was reluctant to show myself to a horny man. I think that excited him. He wrote encouragement to go further. 

I undid the button and pulled down my zipper. 

I put both hands down inside my jeans. He wrote that I shouldn't be shy. 

"Take off your jeans. Slip them down."

I lifted my hips off the seat and slid them down over my ass. They were around the tops of my thighs. My boxers bulged with my hard-on. Like that, I couldn't spread my legs. I tugged my jeans down so that they bunched around my ankles, out of shot, and then I kicked them off completely. 

Now I sat with my legs apart showing my underwear to another man. I rubbed myself again through the thin cotton. Tracing the outline of my hard cock. 

He asked again for me to show him. Wanted to see me naked. Again, I lifted my ass and slipped my underwear down and kicked it off.

My erect cock stood straight up from my lap. 

He was very complimentary. Said how sexy I was and how much he liked my dick. I started to stroke it. The excitement had made my pre-cum flow and there was no trouble sliding my foreskin down over the head of my penis. I slid my hand down, revealing the head, shiny with my own natural lubrication. My viewer typed in more encouragement. By this time, I didn't need any. I stroked my hard cock and looked at myself on my monitor. 

I was so aroused. I was watching my own cock on screen. Watching myself masturbate.

Now that I was exposed, more men entered my room and started commenting. I had five men telling me how sexy I was and what they'd like to do with my cock. 

More strangers. Strange men, offering to suck me off, stroke me to orgasm, take my cock in their ass. 

I only lasted a few minutes. I became so excited and couldn't keep from cumming. 

When I felt it start, I pulled off my t-shirt, stroked faster and faster, reading the excited comments and watching my cock on screen. The orgasm shocked me by its strength. I shot all up my chest and one spurt hit the underside of my chin. 

The men watching me all posted appreciative comments and one by one left the room. I sat watching my softening cock on the screen. That had been intense, and I looked forward to doing it again.

But I also wanted to have my promised private time with my cyber-friend. Before I logged out, I left him a message to say when I would be online the next day and that I hoped we could connect.

Next day I booted up my laptop and logged into the cam site about an hour before my hoped-for 'date'. I heard a chime. It was an invite to join a private room. 

I was happy to think my message had prompted my friend to contact me for a one-on-one wank session and immediately felt my cock begin to stiffen. I had thought about it all the previous evening.

As I joined the room, I saw that it wasn't who I expected. There, before me, was a cock I had not seen before.

It was huge. Perfect, in my judgement. Exactly the shape I had decided was the most sexy. Cut, fat and long. The head was wider than the shaft, but not so wide that it looked like a mushroom. The shaft was firm and almost dead straight, rather than with a curve. The big vein underneath was clearly defined. It was all surrounded by a neatly trimmed bush.

My cock came to complete attention. 

I typed in 'Hello, do I know you?'.

My cam partner replied that he had been watching me the previous day and had enjoyed it so much he wanted to do it again. In fact he had set up his cam for the first time just so he could wank with me, if I wanted. 

I recognized his ID then. It was the guy who had spent most time with me yesterday. The one who had coaxed me to reveal myself. Wow, he was new to this as well. And I was going to be the lucky guy who first got to watch him stroke that marvelous penis to climax.

I stripped off, turned on my cam and joined him in the room.

Now, for the first time, I could see both his cock and mine in adjacent windows.

Then I heard his voice asking if I had my mic on.

It had been off, so I toggled it on. Now we could talk to each other as we masturbated.

"You were so sexy yesterday, I couldn't think of anything else but seeing you again."

"I'm glad you did. I love your cock, It is so big."

"You made my cock big, sweetie. I love watching you stroke yourself. I want to reach through the screen and touch you all over."

I was surprised to be called 'sweetie' by a man, but actually quite liked it. 

I think, as had happened before, his big hard cock, so much bigger than mine, was making me feel submissive. Being called 'sweetie' by another man made me feel feminine somehow. I liked how it felt.

He asked me to take off my shirt and show him my bare chest. I heard him groan a little.

"Do you like that?"

"Yeah, baby. Young, smooth, boy. Yeah, you're such a turn-on."

I ran one hand up and down my flat stomach as I stroked myself with my other hand.

"I'm glad I excite you. Your cock is so nice. I wish I could stroke it. Suck it. Suck daddy's cock."

I couldn't believe I'd said that. But after a second of embarrassment I realized I meant it. I knew that I really did want to stroke his cock and take it in my mouth. The 'daddy' part seemed to fit the fantasy he had instigated.

"Oh yeah baby, talk to me like that while I watch you stroke, while I enjoy the view of your slim body."

I did as he told me. Rubbed my cock up and down. 

I told him how hard he made me. 

I changed the camera angle slightly so more of my torso was visible for him. 

I tweaked my nipples and said how sensitive they were. Then told him I wished he could suck on my nipples while we stroked each other. 

I gripped my cock with both hands, changed the tempo, sliding my hands slowly up and down my shaft. Asked him if it excited him, knowing that by telling me 'yes' he was breaking new ground for himself and becoming more and more aroused. 

"Do you like my naked body?"

"Oh yes."

"Do you want to touch me?"

"Yes, very much."

"Touch my cock?"

"So much."

"Do you want me to put my hands around your fat shaft?"

"Oh god."

"Stroke you up and down?"

"You're getting me so hot..."

"Do you want me to suck it?"

"Oh god yeah."

"I want to suck you, Daddy."

"I want you to."

"Will you hold my head while you move your cock between my lips?"

"Oh yeah, I want that. I want to fuck your mouth."

"I want to make you cum."

"Yes yes, so close!"

"I want to cum while you shoot your cum into my mouth."

"Oh sweetie, I want to shoot in your mouth."

"You're making me want to cum now. Do you want to see me cum for you?"

"Yeahhhh, cum for me baby!"

"Thinking about your cock while I shoot."

"Oh you sweet boy."

He stroked his cock faster and faster. I took one or two more strokes and a fountain of cum shot out of me.

"Oooh daddy, you made me cum!!"

"Yeah baby, now I'm cumming too."

"Oh yeah, daddy. So much cum."

I watched his grip slide to the base of his shaft and then a torrent of thick, white sperm flooded out of the end of his monster meat. It shot up onto his hairy pecs and his stomach, dribbled down over his knuckles and into his pubic hair.

We were silent for a few seconds. Both catching our breath. Then he said he had to go. Told me how great it had been. And I said the same. Told him he had a beautiful cock and I loved watching him wanking. 

He asked if I wanted to do it again sometime and, of course, I did.

We agreed on a time in two days. 

"My name's Dave, by the way." he said.

"I'm Robbie." I told him. Already, the anonymity of the web was being eroded but, after such an intimate encounter, I already felt we had passed that point.

"Robbie, would you do something for me?"

"What's that?"

"I like your smooth body... but I'd realllllly like it if you were smooth, uh, everywhere."

"You want me to shave my cock and balls?"

"You'd make an older man very happy."

"You're not old. What are you, 40?"

"52, so... thanks! Um.. anyway..."

"Well, I guess I'll shave if you want. But not you, Dave. I like your body hair!"

"Don't worry, I'd never be able to explain it to my wife!"

Ah, so he was married. 

I had just assumed he was gay, but then, I wasn't thinking of myself as gay, either, even after what we had just done and how hot it had been. 

Sure I looked at gay porn, but I'd never participated in it before. And this was just harmless role-playing.

As un-gay as I was, I hurried to the bathroom I shared with the other two guys in our house and complied with Dave's request. 

The act of shaving myself for the potential pleasure of another man was so erotic that I had a monster erection the entire time I stood in the shower, carefully ridding myself of all my pubic hair.

I loved how it felt after all my pubes were gone. I couldn't resist wanking off again. 

I was so smooth, my own penis felt unfamiliar to me. It was easy to pretend it was a different person's cock in my hand. 

That's what I imagined when I ran my hand up and down its straining length: that I was actually jerking off someone else. 

In a few moments I was cumming. The cum splashed onto the bottom of the tub and I got on my knees to clean it up and make sure it all washed away. While I was down there, I imagined being on my knees in front of Dave's big hard cock. Imagined sucking it. I was out of control. All these new fantasies were running wild in my mind.

It made me feel quite feminine, somehow, to have bald genitals. And that led me to think about primping as a girl. What else would a girl do? Shave her armpits! Of course! 

Well, I was under the shower... The razor was there...

In only a couple of minutes I had removed all the hair from my pits.

My leg and arm hair has has always been very sparse and light and soft, so I didn't consider going to town on those. 

Now the only significant hair on my entire body was on my head. 

It was weird, but I relished the erotic sensation of feeling so un-masculine. Once more my cock stood to attention and I couldn't resist stroking it. 

There was a knock on the bathroom door. 

"Hey, Robbie, is that you in there?" It was Pete, one of my housemates, home early from work.

"Uh yeah." I called out.

"Well hurry up! You've been in there fucking ages. I need a piss!"

"Sorry." I turned off the water, grabbed my towel and wrapped it around my waist. 

My erection still firm in front of me, was making a tent in the towel. I grabbed my clothes and held them over my crotch but, as I opened the door, the look in Pete's eyes told me I wasn't fooling anyone.

"Jeez, guy! You have a room for that..."

I feigned innocence but, as I hustled off to my room, I could feel my cheeks burning red.

Once back in the privacy of my room, I lay naked on my bed. I began caressing myself. Feeling the smoothness of my cock and balls, and my armpits. Feeling very feminine. 

I spread my legs wide as I began masturbating again. Imagining Dave and his manly, hairy body climbing onto me. His huge, fat cock nudging the opening of my ass. I stopped myself before I came. This was too much for what little inhibitions I had left.

I dressed and went down to the communal living room. Pete had brought pizza home and we sat together watching a ball-game as we ate.

After a little while he turned to me.

"You know, Robbie... there was a lot of hair in the tub, man. You know we have to keep the place better than that."

"Yeah, sorry Pete, I was just in a hurry to let you use the facilities. I'll go clean it up."

"Don't worry, I already did it for you. Just remember next time you do some 'manscaping'."

"What's that?"

"You know, trimming your pubes. That IS what you were doing, right?"

I laughed, ruefully. Pete had figured it out, but not entirely. 

"Yeah, busted." 

"Like I say, no problem. I won't say anything."

"Thanks, Pete, I owe you one."

He smiled.

That was Pete. A nice guy. He was always cool and even with the age difference, he just related.

Dave was already online when I opened up my cam the next day. I was pleased that he was there and flattered that he was early.

"Hey Robbie! Glad to see you."

"Me too, I've been excited to do this a second time, Dave."

I was wearing sweats today with no underwear. My incipient erection was already making a bulge. 

"I can see that. Do you want to show me?"

Dave was already nude and his large penis hung between his muscular thighs. 

I wanted to tease him a little bit. 

I hooked a thumb into the waistband of my sweats and very, very slowly pulled down at the front.

As I did this, I saw Dave's cock begin to swell. 

So exciting. A man was becoming aroused by me. By my teasing. 

I tugged the sweats lower. Now Dave could see where yesterday had been my pubic hair.

"Oh doll, did you do what I asked?"

"What do you think?"

"I think I might cum before we even get started!"

"Oh no, I want to see you stroke your big cock."

I tugged further. Now exposing the top of my rapidly stiffening penis. It was trapped by the sweats and uncomfortably pointing downwards, instead of straight up, like it wanted to. 

Dave began stroking his cock as I revealed my bald pubis. Then I couldn't wait any longer. Pulled my sweats all the way down and allowed my cock to spring free. 

"Oh baby! Such a sweet, sexy boy!" 

I moved closer to the cam so that my smooth skin was clearly visible. Lifted my cock so that Dave could see my shaven ball sack. Then I lifted that out of the way as well, showing him my taint and the cleft of my ass above the tops of my thighs.

"Oh yes baby, I like that. Mmmm, turn around for daddy."

I turned and showed him my bare ass.

"Do you like my ass? Is it a sexy ass?"

"Oh honey I want to kiss your sweet ass all over!"

I moved my hands down and spread my cheeks, bending over slightly.

"Does it excite you? Do you want to fuck me?"

I heard him groaning and turned around.

Dave was wanking himself furiously and I just had time to see him cumming.

"OH! So soon! Daddy cumming so soon!"

"Oh baby you made me cum! I'm sorry, honey. Sorry!"

"That's OK. I'm glad you liked me so much."

I stroked myself in front of the camera as I watched Dave run the palm of his hand over his cum-splattered stomach. His body hair becoming matted with his sperm. Glistening.

"I'll come for you now, Dave."

He moved and brought his face into view. It was the first time I had seen him. He was a good-looking, rugged man and it brought home to me what I was doing. Wanking off with another man. And loving it.

"Cum for me baby. I wish I could suck you off, and feel your cock spurting into my mouth."

Dave opened his lips. I moved close to the cam again. My cock filled his screen, his mouth filled mine.

"Cumming! Shooting in your mouth!" 
