 DAY TWO AT HASTINGS COLLEGE

Steve woke up the next morning with his normal piss hard-on. He remained in his bed for a few minutes and recalled his first day at school. He had gotten a hand job from the school doctor and then met his gay roommate. Not in his wildest dreams did he ever think that he would have sex with another guy but he had to admit it wasn't that bad. In fact it was very good. Jeremy was an excellent cock sucker and he had an ass to die for. Jeremy was every bit as good as Steve's girl friend when it came to sucking cock and Jeremy's ass was just as desirable.

Steve had to pee so he got up and walked down the hall to the bathroom. He was self-conscious of his erection in his sleep shorts. He finally reached the bathroom and stood over the urinal for nearly two minutes peeing. The shower was running so he knew there were others awake. He thought he heard voices in the shower but he ignored them until the shower was turned off. Steve could hardly believe his ears.

"Let's get you're cocks and assholes nice and clean and then we'll have some fun," someone said to whoever was in the shower.

Steve's curiosity got the better of him and he just had to see who was there. Steve peaked around the shower wall and saw the three naked bodies. It was Resident Assistant Josh and two students. Steve learned their names were Artie and Donnie when the RA spoke to them. Josh was washing Donnie's body and stroking Donnie's cock with one hand while he fingered Donnie's asshole with the other hand. Artie stood by and stroked his own cock as he watched his classmate get fondled and fingered.

Josh was sporting an impressive boner. Steve guessed the RA's cock to be about 8" long and at least 5" around. Just about the same size as his cock. Steve noticed that Artie and Donnie had average size cocks at about 6". Satisfied that Donnie was clean, Josh turned his attention to Artie and he was soon stroking Artie's throbbing cock and fingering Artie's asshole. This time Donnie stroked his cock while he watched the RA play with Artie's body.

Steve broke away for a minute and ran to the bathroom door and locked it from the inside. He did not want anyone else to enter the bathroom while he was there. Steve then returned to his vantage point to watch the action. When he looked back in the shower room, Artie and Donnie were standing back to back with their naked buttocks touching as Josh jerked both their cocks.

"The great thing about us is that we can cum all day," Josh said as he jerked them off.

Josh kept stroking the two young cocks until they shot their first loads of the day. Artie came first and fired a barrage of cum across the shower floor. Josh kept stroking Artie's cock as he came until Artie was weak kneed and begged for a break. Josh then turned his full attention to Donnie. He rubbed Donnie's balls as he jerked Donnie's cock and within minutes Donnie was spurting cum all over the shower floor. Steve had never seen guys have sex before and he found it somewhat erotic. 

"Artie since you came first today, you will get fucked first," Josh announced.

Artie turned to the shower wall and placed his hands on the wall. He arched his back slightly further accentuating his curvy ass. Steve noticed that Artie had a nice ass and thought that many a girl would kill for an ass like that. Artie had no body hair and he looked very fuckable and very vulnerable at the moment. 

Josh stepped up behind Artie and eased his big thick cock into the student's asshole. Artie gasped and dropped his head as he felt the impressive tool spread his anus. Artie had been fucked before by Josh but every time he had the same sensation of being stretched open. Josh was gentle with Artie and slowly fed his cock to him a little at a time. The RA would back out a little and then feed more of his cock into Artie's ass. Once the cock was embedded in Artie's ass the RA began to fuck him slowly.

Josh directed Donnie to suck Artie's cock. Donnie got down on his knees in front of Artie and began blowing his classmate. Donnie had obviously done this before and he handled Artie's cock quite easily. Artie was beside himself with the dual attention and it wasn't long before Artie shot a load into Donnie's mouth. Steve watched as Donnie seemed to swallow rapidly to keep cum from running out of his mouth. Once again Artie got weak kneed and he pushed Donnie's mouth off of his cock. Steve realized that his own cock was rock hard in his sleep shorts but he dared not take it out to jerk off.

After Donnie had sucked Artie's cock dry, he changed places with Artie. Now Donnie was balancing himself against the shower wall as the RA began to butt fuck Donnie. Donnie too had a nice shapely ass and he grunted as the RA skewered it with his cock. Artie dropped down and took Donnie's cock in his mouth. The scene was repeated as Artie sucked off Donnie this time as the RA fucked Donnie in the ass. Donnie reached down with one hand and held Artie's head as he shot his load into Artie's mouth. Artie dutifully sucked and swallowed cum from Donnie's cock. Donnie finally pushed Artie's head away as the sensations got to be too much for Donnie to take with Artie nibbling on his cock while the RA fucked Donnie's ass. Steve was sure that he would cum in his shorts if the action continued. 

Just then Artie who was hard again was directed by Josh to fuck Donnie in the ass. Artie's cock slipped in easily especially after Donnie's asshole had been stretched by Josh's cock. The RA then got behind Artie and once again pushed his thick cock into Artie's tight asshole. The three of them got a rhythm going and Steve was sure that the RA would cum this time.

"Fuck him Josh, fuck his ass just like he's fucking mine," Donnie called out.

Artie's fate was sealed and Josh eased more of his cock into Artie's ass. Josh was gentle though relentless in his quest to fuck Artie and cum in his ass. Josh would push in a little and stop allowing Artie to adjust along the way. Finally Josh began a rocking motion and began fucking Artie slowly. Artie's ass had stretched enough now that he was comfortable with Josh's cock in him and he resumed fucking his classmate. As Artie picked up the pace fucking Donnie in the ass he was pushing his own ass back onto Josh's cock. Josh stopped moving as he didn't have to move at all while Artie was fucking Donnie. Artie would bury his cock in Donnie and in the process his ass would slide along Josh's cock. When Artie withdrew slightly from Donnie's ass he impaled his ass on Josh's cock. Josh inched closer and closer as Artie seemed to be able to take more and more of his cock. Then Steve saw Josh's pubic hair brush against Artie's buttocks and he realized that Josh was all the way in Artie's ass. Steve was still amazed that Artie had taken all of Josh's big thick cock. Artie seemed proud of himself now and he picked up the pace fucking his classmate and impaling himself on Josh's cock.

Josh this time came before Artie did but when Artie felt cum shoot into his ass he lost it. Artie's buttocks tightened as he plunged his cock all the way into Donnie's ass and unleashed his third load of the day. Artie flooded his classmate's rectum with an enormous load. Artie's buttocks clenched and unclenched as he came in Donnie's ass and he milked every drop of cum from Josh's cock. Josh caressed Artie's shapely ass as he let his cock be milked dry. Steve liked looking at the tanned students with their lily white asses. The fact that they had tan lines emphasized the shape of their curvy bottoms.

Donnie was erect again after the fuck session, so this time he fucked Artie. Josh watched Artie fuck back at his classmate's cock and then he too got hard again. Artie also got hard again as Donnie fucked him. This time Donnie would take Josh's cock in his ass as he fucked Artie's ass. The three of them fucked until Josh came for his second and final time. He flooded Donnie's ass with cum which in turn triggered Donnie's ejaculation. Donnie stiffened and fired his third load of the day into his classmate's ass.

Josh told the two students to suck each other off before taking a shower. Steve watched in amazement as Donnie and Artie lay on the shower floor in a 69 position and sucked each other's cock until they both came again. After their fourth loads of the day, the two students stepped back under the showers and washed their bodies clean of all traces of cum, remarkably they both got erections yet again but this time they did not try to cum. Donnie and Artie finished showering and grabbed some towels.

Steve left his vantage point and left the bathroom undetected. He returned to the dorm room as horny as a three puckered billy goat. He couldn't help stroking his rock hard cock and as he did so he tried to think about fucking his girlfriend. But Steve could not get his mind off Donnie and Artie seeing them get fucked in their cute asses. He entered the dorm room and he was greeted with another surprise. Jeremy was in bed on all fours with his curvy bubble butt stuck up in the air. Steve felt his cock twinge as he looked at Jeremy's hot ass. Jeremy's body was delicate, hairless and flawless. He really did look like a girl in this position.

"Steve, I've been waiting for you. Would like you to fuck me again?" he said in a sultry voice. "You would like to fuck me again wouldn't you?" he asked.

After what he had witnessed in the bathroom, Steve was more than willing to fuck Jeremy again. Steve's cock hardened as he approached the bed. He knelt behind Jeremy and began to caress Jeremy's beautiful ass. Jeremy handed Steve the lotion and asked Steve to get his ass ready. Steve put an ample amount of lotion in his hands and rubbed it all around Jeremy's bung hole. Steve inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing Jeremy's ass for another ass fuck. Steve sawed his fingers in and out of Jeremy's anus and Steve was turned on by the thought of burying his cock in Jeremy's shapely ass one more time. Steve moved closer to Jeremy and lined up the head of his cock with Jeremy's anal opening. Steve eased his big dick into Jeremy's ass.

Jeremy reminded Steve, "Not too deep at first, then deeper."

Steve spat on his hand and rubbed his saliva all over his cock which made it very slick when combined with the lotion. Steve's cock head cleared the sphincter and he fed it to Jeremy a little at a time. Jeremy's ass chute was warm and tight as Steve went deeper and deeper into him. Soon he was all the way in Jeremy's ass and he started a slow fucking motion. Steve continued to pump Jeremy's ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts. Steve caressed Jeremy's smooth round ass as he fucked it. 

Jeremy asked Steve to fuck him harder and quicker. So Steve picked up the pace and he pounded Jeremy's ass faster and faster. Steve's balls started bouncing off of Jeremy's balls and Jeremy moaned with each thrust of Steve's cock. Steve could feel his climax building and he knew that any moment he would shoot his seed in Jeremy's ass. Steve tried to make it last as long as possible but once Jeremy contracted his anal muscles Steve lost it.

Steve fired a barrage of cum in Jeremy's ass filling it to overflowing. Steve couldn't remember when he came so much. As Steve continued to fuck, his semen backed up in Jeremy's rectum and oozed out flowing over Jeremy's balls. Jeremy used his talented anal muscles to milk Steve's cock and drained it dry. Jeremy's milking action weakened Steve and sent tingles through his body. Steve pulled out of Jeremy and collapsed on the bed next to him.

Jeremy rolled over on his back and jerked off once again. Steve watched as Jeremy stroked his cock. Jeremy fired another round of spunk into the air. The first blast landed on Jeremy's face, neck and chest. The remainder of his load landed on his abs and pooled around his pubes. As they rested Steve told Jeremy what he had witnessed in the bathroom showers. Jeremy was thrilled as he had met Artie and Donnie and he had hoped that they were gay. Jeremy and Steve then got dressed and went to the cafeteria to get something to eat. After breakfast Steve returned to the dorm room and Jeremy went to Dr. Roberts's office for his physical check-up. 

JEREMY'S EXAM

Jeremy was scheduled to be the only appointment that morning so that there would be no interruptions. Randy came into the waiting room and told Jeremy to follow him to the exam room. Jeremy noticed that Randy locked the front door before escorting him to the exam room.

"Take off all your clothes and put on the gown if you want," Randy instructed Jeremy and then left the room.

Jeremy stripped off all his clothes and he thought about what Randy said. Jeremy decided to put the gown on although he hoped that it wouldn't stay on for long. He slipped his arms through the front of the gown but he opted not to tie it behind him. Jeremy sat on the exam table waiting for Dr. Roberts and he got an erection just from thinking about what might happen that day. Hs recalled that Steve had gotten a hand job but he hoped for more. Dr. Roberts entered the examination room and smiled at Jeremy.  

"Jeremy, please stand up," Vance told him.

As he stood up Vance noticed that Jeremy's gown pushed out from his groin. It was obvious that Jeremy had an erection. Vance then pushed the gown off of Jeremy's shoulders and let it fall to the floor. Jeremy stood there with his impressive cock as hard as a rock standing out from his body. Vance pulled the stool over and sat on it next to where Jeremy was standing. Vance reached for Jeremy's cock and began stroking it. Jeremy closed his eyes and groaned softly as the doctor's hand slid up and down Jeremy's cock. 

"Do you like that Jeremy?"

Jeremy just nodded in reply.

"Would you like me to check your prostate?"

Jeremy nodded in the affirmative and hissed, "Yesss!"

Vance put on a rubber glove and spread some lubricant on his finger. He had Jeremy lean forward slightly and eased his finger into Jeremy's anus. Jeremy grunted as the finger wormed its way in and he instinctively tightened his buttocks. Vance stroked Jeremy's cock as he finger fucked Jeremy's ass and Jeremy moaned with pleasure.

"Jeremy, I'm going to call my nurse Randy in here to assist me," Vance stated.

Jeremy didn't know why the nurse had to be there but he was so ready to cum that he didn't protest. Vance called Randy into the office and Randy smiled when he saw the impressive cock on the teenage patient.

"Randy, I need to put a larger probe in Jeremy's rectum. Please hold his buttocks apart to make it easier," Vance told his nurse.

Randy moved around in front of Jeremy and dropped to his knees. Randy reached behind Jeremy and grabbed an ass cheek in each hand and gently pried them apart. At the same time Randy put his mouth on Jeremy's cock and Jeremy gasped in surprise. His cock was in the warm wet mouth of the doctor's nurse. Jeremy forgot all about Dr. Roberts as Randy's head bobbed up and down on Jeremy's cock.

The Jeremy felt a pressure in his anus as a larger probe made its way into his ass. Jeremy had been so distracted by Randy that he never saw Vance drop his pants to his knees. Vance had lubed up his cock and now had it at the entrance to Jeremy's asshole. Jeremy grunted when he felt the penetration but it was only when he felt Vance's naked thighs did he realize that it was Vance's cock.

Jeremy was thrilled as he realized that he was about to be fucked in the ass. Randy continued to suck on Jeremy's cock and Jeremy knew that it just be a matter of minutes before he came. Vance had both hands on Jeremy's hips as he drilled Jeremy's curvy ass. Randy ran his hands all over Jeremy's abs and thighs as he continued to suck on Jeremy's cock. Jeremy felt his orgasm building in his scrotum and he knew that he would cum at any moment. 

Then without warning Vance flooded Jeremy's ass. Jeremy saw stars as he felt four or five huge pulses from Vance's cock. Vance groaned loudly as he drove into Jeremy's ass and unleashed a torrent of cum. Vance's cock pulsated as round after round shot into Jeremy's ass. It was all too much for Jeremy and he let loose with his own orgasm shooting cum into the back of Randy's throat. Randy stayed with Jeremy and swallowed every drop of the youthful discharge and for awhile Randy wondered if Jeremy would ever stop cumming. Jeremy couldn't believe that Randy kept sucking his cock as Jeremy was aware of the amount of cum that he produced particularly with his first orgasm of the day.

When Jeremy ejaculated, his sphincter muscles in his rectum and anus involuntarily contracted around Vance's cock and milked it dry. Jeremy felt constipated and for good reason as Vance had filled his rectum with semen. The three of them slowly moved apart when it was clear that Jeremy and Vance were finished cumming.

"My God Vance, I just drank down a quart of cum," Randy gasped.

"Well Jeremy, Randy hasn't cum yet and I think that you should pay him back for giving you such a good blow job," Vance announced.

"I'd like to fuck him," Randy stated.

"Of course you would. Jeremy, get up on the floor please with your head down and your ass in the air," Vance directed.

Jeremy did as he was told as Randy took off his clothes. Jeremy glanced at Randy's erect cock and noticed that it was smaller than Vance's cock. Randy put some lube on his cock and knelt behind Jeremy and then Jeremy felt the nurse's cock slide into his ass. Randy caressed Jeremy's curvy ass as he fucked the teenager slowly. Although Randy wanted to last longer he was too turned on and he came in Jeremy's ass within minutes. Jeremy felt the surge of cum as it entered his ass and he felt bloated as if he had just had an enema. 

Randy pressed forward as he emptied his balls in Jeremy's ass and Jeremy instinctively milked Randy's cock dry. Vance had watched the erotic scene of the two pretty young men fucking and he had shed his clothes as well. Vance decided to continue with Jeremy's orientation. 

"Jeremy, would you like to fuck Randy now?" Vance asked.

Jeremy's cock was fully erect again and he was extremely turned on. Jeremy nodded excitedly and Vance directed Randy to get on all fours. Vance handed Jeremy some lubricant and told him to grease up his cock. Jeremy's cock hardened as he approached Randy. He knelt behind Randy and began to caress Randy's beautiful ass. Jeremy put an ample amount of lubricant in his hands and rubbed it all around Randy's bung hole. Then under Vance's instructions, Jeremy inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing Randy's ass to be fucked. Jeremy sawed his fingers in and out of Randy's anus and Jeremy was turned on by the thought of burying his cock in Randy's shapely ass. Jeremy moved closer to Randy and lined up the head of his cock with Randy's anal opening. Jeremy eased his big dick into Randy's ass.

Randy cautioned Jeremy, "Not too deep at first, then deeper."

Jeremy did as Vance told him and spat on his hand and rubbed saliva all over his cock which made it very slick. Jeremy's cock head cleared the sphincter and he fed it to Randy a little at a time. Randy's ass chute was warm and tight as Jeremy went deeper and deeper into him. Soon he was all the way in Randy's ass and he started a slow fucking motion. Jeremy continued to pump Randy's ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts. Jeremy caressed Randy's smooth round ass as he fucked it. Jeremy was in seventh heaven as he fucked the nurse and he was enamored with Randy's curvy bottom.

Randy asked Jeremy to fuck him harder and quicker. So Jeremy picked up the pace and he pounded Randy's ass faster and faster. Jeremy's balls started bouncing off of Randy's balls and Randy moaned with each thrust of Jeremy's cock. Jeremy could feel his climax building and he knew that any moment he would shoot his seed into Randy's ass. Jeremy tried to make it last as long as possible but once Randy contracted his anal muscles Jeremy lost it.
