 ARRIVING IN SAN DIEGO

Rick was on a flight from Denver to San Diego. Two weeks later, since meeting Travis he had decided to take him up on his offer and explore the employment opportunity. He still wasn't sure if he would accept an offer if presented but it would be good to see Travis again. Ever since their week together in Tempe, he had not been able to get the pretty gay with the killer ass out of his head.

He had thought that one he got back to Denver he would return to a normal life style. He was busy at work and he dated a couple of girls who proved to be good in the sack. Still he was constantly thinking about Travis. He even found himself looking at guys he suspected were gay but he discovered it wasn't a gay thing; it was a Travis thing.

He finally broke down and called Travis who was thrilled to hear from him. Travis told Rick to fly in on a Saturday. They would spend two days touring the San Diego area and then the interviews would be on Monday. He would prep Rick for the interviews as they traveled around the city and took in some sights. Travis met Rick at the airport and greeted him with a handshake and a hug.

"Hey it is really good to see you!"

"Good to see you too Travis."

"We'll take in a few sights before lunch and dinner. You can't check-in at the hotel until 4:00 PM anyway. I'll fill you in on the Partners and Senior Partners who will be interviewing you on Monday."

"Sounds good."

"Do you have any more luggage?"

"No, just the carry-on."

"Cool, I'm parked in the short-term lot. First, we will go to Del Coronado, walk around and have lunch."

As they approached the parking lot, Travis walked ahead toward his car and Rick's eyes immediately went to that super fine ass. As usual Travis was wearing tight slacks that showed off every curve. Rick felt his loins stir as he remembered the numerous times his cock was buried in that beauty. He was sure they would hook up that night and he looked forward to it.

As they drove from the airport to Del Coronado, Travis pointed out places along the way. At the resort, they walked around and took in the view from the beach. Rick loved the place and the weather. They dined outdoors for lunch and later headed over to Point Loma. Again, Rick was impressed, even though he loved the mountains he was enamored with the coast and the ocean. 

They dined in the city for dinner and Travis talked up the job and the benefits of working and living in Southern California. Following dinner, they went to the hotel which was not far from the office. Rick checked in and they went to his room. At this point he was anxious to be naked with Travis again and get his cock back in that marvelous ass. Once in the room, Travis turned to Rick and hugged him. They kissed lightly and Rick's hands went right to those curvy buns.

"Happy to see me again?"

"Yes, of course."

"Anxious to fuck me again?"

"You know, I am."

"Good let's get naked."

There was no seduction, no undressing the other. Clothes came off quickly and then Travis douched and lubed his ass. He got on the bed on all fours and looked over his shoulder at Rick who was standing there naked with an impressive erection. Travis wiggled his ass in an invitation and Rick knelt behind the pretty gay. Holding his stiff dick in his hand he positioned it at the taut rubbery ring.

"You remember the drill, Not too deep at first and then deeper."

Rick nodded his agreement and eased his cock into the sweet hole. First the head cleared the anus and then little by little he fed his thick dick to the receptive ass. Travis placed a hand on Rick's thigh to control the entry. They were both breathing hard and were incredibly turned on. It seemed to take forever before Rick was balls deep in the curvy bottom and then he began to move slowly.

"Oh man, I almost forgot how good you feel in my ass. Your cock is so thick and it feels wonderful."

Rick caressed the shapely buttocks as he fucked the beautiful ass with a steady pace. He would pull his cock almost all the way out leaving the head in and then he would re-enter until his pubic hairs brushed against the curvy cheeks. Travis had an erection as he always did when getting fucked but Rick ignored it as he was focused on fondling the curvy bottom. He felt he was close and spoke to Travis.

"I'm close. Do you want me to cum in you or on you?"

"Cum in me, I want to feel you shooting in me."

Rick took a hold of the slender hips and pressed his body against the pretty gay. Streams of semen shot into the receptive ass with a force that Travis had not felt since the last time he was with Rick. The load flooded the gripping, clenching rectum and Rick believed it was one of his most voluminous ejaculations. He leaned over the lovely slender body and wrapped his arms around the pretty gay lover. It was a reminder of just how smooth the skin was on Travis's effeminate form. He continued to hug Travis as the sphincter continued to milk the thick shaft. 

"Rick let me turn over."

Rick eased his cock out of the lovely bottom and watched as traces of his discharge flowed from the dilated anus. Travis turned over and Rick spotted the small erection. He had no interest in sucking cock again, at least not at that moment. He reached for the little stiff dick and masturbated it for several seconds.

"Put you cock back in me and fuck me until I cum."

Rick did as he was asked and he slowly fucked him in the missionary position as Travis jerked off. Within minutes Travis was cumming and spewing on large load onto his chest and abs. He reached up and pulled Rick down for a kiss and their bodies came together. Rick could feel the ample load between their embraced bodies. Still hard, Rick began to move again fucking his sweet lover.

"Let's spoon again, you know how I love that position."

Rick pulled out and then got behind Travis on their left sides. He eased his cock back in the curvy bottom and hugged the pretty gay tenderly. This time his hand found the stiff little dick and he masturbated Travis until they both ejaculated a second time. Travis had cum first and then Rick filled the rectum with another substantial load.

Travis said that was enough for one night and that he had to get going. It was not a good idea to stay at the hotel overnight. Although Rick was a bit disappointed he understood. Travis would be back in the morning for breakfast and he took the room key just in case Rick was still sleeping. After douching his ass and washing up, they kissed good night and Travis left the room.

INTERVIEW PREPARATION 

Rick was still asleep when Travis entered the hotel room on Sunday morning. He smiled at the muscular lover, stripped off his clothes and crawled in bed naked with the equally naked hunk. Rick was sleeping on his side when he felt the smooth naked body press against him. He smiled when he felt the little stiff cock behind him and he rolled to his back.

"Good morning, I already douched and lubed my ass for you." 

Rick's cock came to life quickly and Travis straddled it and lowered his bottom onto the rigid shaft. Once it was all the way in, Travis did all the work as Rick just lay on his back. Rick did jerk off the stiff little dick causing Travis to cum first. He then flowed suit and ejaculated into his gay lover. Travis fell forward and collapsed on the hairy chest. They hugged for a few minutes and then they kissed again.

"Great way to wake up." 

"I agree. Let's get cleaned up and dressed. We'll go to breakfast and I have some more sights to show you and brief you on the interviews. We'll have plenty of time for more fun later."

Later over breakfast, Travis began the briefing. "The first person you will meet with is the Senior Partner in charge of operations. You would be working for him and receive your assignments from him. He's a good guy with an eye for talent and as sharp as a tack. Be prepared to discuss your accomplishments as a consultant."

"What position am I interviewing for?"

"A consultant position, the career path is; consultant, senior consultant, partner, senior partner."

"What is my relationship with you?"

"I'm an assistant to my father. At work, we are strictly professional. Now the other Senior Partner is our CFO. He is a great accountant but has no people skills. You will want to tell him how much revenue you brought in for your company. He's all about numbers."

"What about future growth and the value I can add?"

"Yeah that too, then you will meet with our HR guy. He is a pain in the ass but my father likes him. He will try to trip you up in the interview. So, take your time responding to his questions. If you are unclear, ask him to repeat the question, no hasty answers. You will also meet with some other partners but they will tell you about the company and how project teams function and report. You'll like them."

"This is helpful, thanks Travis."

"No problem, I want you to get the job and move here. Come on I want to show you around the city. It's quiet on Sunday and we'll have a late lunch or early dinner downtown."

Travis gave Rick a tour of downtown and later they stopped for an early dinner rather than lunch. It was a great Italian restaurant and they staff seemed to know Travis very well. Following a lengthy dinner, they drove back to the hotel. Rick was curious about if anyone knew about Travis.

"Do the staff at the restaurant know that you are gay?"

"No, no one there knows about my private life."

"How about the company?"

"No, not there either. I am a very private person and also very careful."

"Do you go to gay hangouts around here?"

"There aren't that many, not like San Francisco. The few gay bars are close to the military bases and they are all about quickie sex."

"Don't you have some place to go when you in the mood?"

"I stay away from the public places. There is an exclusive private club about an hour's drive. I go there once in a while but not very often. I am very selective about partners."

"I knew that, I was just curious."

They pulled into the hotel lot and parked the car. As they walked toward the entrance, Rick grabbed onto a shapely buttock and Travis giggled and leaned into Rick in response. Minutes later they were in the hotel room and once again Travis douched his ass. Rick was ready to plow that sweet ass again and Travis was anxious to have the big cock back in his ass.

Travis got in bed on all fours and he looked beautiful with his shapely white ass framed by his tan lines. Rick fondled the lovely bottom as he always did before slipping his cock into the round treasure. Kneeling behind the slender gay, he once again admired the smooth flawless skin. He pushed the soft spongy head of his dick passed the rubbery ring and waited a few seconds before easing the rest of his cock into the receptive chamber.

Rick fucked his lover slowly drawing ooohs and aaahs from the impaled beauty. Travis at one point pushed himself up and leaned back into Rick. Feeling the smooth skin against the hairy chest, Rick wrapped his arms around the slender body and caressed the chest and abs. Peering over Travis's shoulder he spotted the smaller cock in a fully erect state. Keeping his left arm around the effeminate body, he reached down with his right hand and took a hold of the slim pecker.

He continued to fuck Travis slowly holding him in the upright position. With his other hand, he stroked the slender shaft, masturbating him gently. Travis came first and shot several forceful streams toward the head of the bed. Rick liked the feeling of the little cock pulsating in his hand and shooting its load. He rubbed the tiny taut testicles causing Travis to emit a sensual groan. Feeling his own release building at a rapid pace he whispered.

"Travis, I'm going to cum."

"Yes, give me your cum, cum in me, I want to feel you cumming in me."

Wrapping both arms around the slender smooth chest he held him tight as he unleashed a huge load deep into the bowels of his lover. His cock throbbed and fired several forceful rounds of semen into the clenching rectum. Travis called out in a raspy whisper.

"Oh, I feel it."

Travis held to him as he unloaded his balls into the sweet bottom. When he released him, Travis fell forward but remained on his knees with Rick's cock still in him. Rick caressed the curvy cheeks until Travis collapsed face down on the bed freeing the big dick from his ass. Rick also lay down alongside his well-fucked lover and caressed the smooth effeminate body.

He rand his hands all over the soft skin, paying particular attention to the magnificent ass. He noticed the cum oozing from the dilated anus and he toyed with it. They made a game out of it. Travis would expel semen from his rectum and Rick would push it back in with his finger. The erotic anal playing kept them turned on and Rick's cock remained hard. 

Rolling to their sides, Rick re-entered the sweet ass and they fucked again this time in the spoon position. It took a while to cum again but Rick didn't care. He loved spooning, feeling the smooth effeminate body against his. Eventually they both came again, they remained in bed for over an hour coupled together. Travis had to get going, so he eased his spent body out of bed and again he douched his ass cleaned up and got dressed.

"I'll be by in the morning. We'll have breakfast and then I'll take you to the office. Meet me in the lobby at 7:00 AM.

"Will do, I'll set the alarm right now."

Travis leaned in for one if his soft kisses and they said goodnight. Rick set the alarm and then got up and showered before turning in for the night. As he lay in bed he thought about what life might be like living in the San Diego and having a gay lover. He really liked Travis with how conscious he was about cleanliness. He always douched his bottom before and after sex. Rick felt very safe with the pretty young gay. 

SHOWTIME

It seemed as if Rick had just closed his eyes when the alarm went off. He had slept soundly and he did feel refreshed. He showered, dressed and headed to the lobby to meet Travis for breakfast. He wasn't nervous about the interviews as he had a good job and he was well respected in his current company. He made up his mind that in the course of the interviews, they would have to display interest in him as well.

Travis was right on time. They had breakfast in the hotel coffee shop and then headed to the office. It was a nice conservative two story building with the company name, Quo Vadis, on the outside. Remembering his Latin, he liked the name which translated to, "Where are you Headed."

"Does your dad own the building?"

"No, we lease it but we are the largest tenant occupying the entire second floor. Father does not believe in commercial real estate holdings."

They entered the building and walked up the circular stairway to the second floor. Rick was greeted by two large glass doors announcing the company name. They entered and very beautiful blonde female receptionist greeted them.

"Good morning Travis."

"Good morning Laura, this is Rick Moore. He will be visiting with us today."

"Pleased to meet you Mr. Moore. I have your schedule for you."

She stood up and handed Rick his itinerary for the day and he could not help but notice her knock out figure. She had long blonde hair, shapely legs displayed by her mini-skirt and what appeared to be a 35-28-35 figure by his best guess. She caught his look of appreciation and she smiled.

"You will be set up in this conference room over here. There are refreshments in the room and the restroom is right around the corner. If there is anything else you need just ask."

"Thank you!"

Travis walked in the conference room with Rick and explained the routine. "You will meet with some people in here today. However, you will meet with the Senior Partners and Partners in their offices. They will send their assistants to escort you. Lunch will be brought in today and I'll join you then. If all goes well and I expect it will, we will have dinner with my father this evening."

"Okay, thanks Travis."

"See you at lunchtime."

Travis left Rick alone and closed the conference room door when he left. Rick poured a cup of coffee and sat down awaiting his first appointment. His mind flashed back to the blonde beauty at the reception desk. She was a knockout and if that's what he could expect of San Diego women, he was ready to move here. Of course, he would have to balance his life with Travis but he thought that was doable. Just then the first person came in to meet with him. 

"Good morning Rick, I'm Tom Wilson. I handle most of the administrative logistics for our partners and consultants."

"Nice to meet you Tom."

Tom poured a cup of coffee for himself and sat across from Rick. "This is more of a briefing session than an interview. I have a few questions but mostly I'm here to answer yours. I'll give you an overview of our business and we'll go from there. Fair enough?"

"That is great."

Rick liked Tom, the guy knew the company inside and out and provided a good overview. Travis had explained the business but not to the extent Tom did. Rick asked some questions and Tom also had some for Rick. The hour flew by and it almost time for the next appointment. Tom stood up, shook Rick's hand and wished him well.

"I like you Rick. I think that you would fit in well here. Good luck!"

Rick nodded and replied, "Thank you Tom, you were very thorough and it was a pleasure to meet you."

He made a quick trip to the men's room and then returned to the conference room. He smiled at the pretty Laura he walked by. Minutes later another drop-dead gorgeous young woman entered the conference room. She too was blonde and Rick began to wonder if most California women were blondes. 

"Good morning Mr. Moore, I'm Trisha, Mr. Jennings assistant. He will see you now please follow me."

"Good morning Trisha, nice to meet you."

He followed her through a number of hallways on the way to the Senior partner's office. She was wearing a very snug mini-skirt and tight blouse. Like Laura she had long blonde hair, great legs and a curvy figure. His eyes went to her ass which was very shapely. He had only been there less than two hours and he had met two of the most beautiful women he had ever seen. They arrived at the office and she pointed for Rick to enter.

"Mr. Jennings this is Mr. Moore to see you."

"Thank you, Trisha, we'll be about an hour. Anything else to drink Rick?"

"No thank you Mr. Jennings."

"It's Tim, please have a seat."

Rick looked around and Tim directed him to an upholstered chair. There was a sofa and two upholstered chairs and Tim sat in the other one. It was a very professional move not to keep the desk between them. Rick felt comfortable in the presence of the Senior Partner. Again, the hour flew by and Rick handled the questions very well. By the time the interview was over, Rick felt that Tim knew everything about him. He stood up shook Rick's hand, wished him well and summoned his assistant to escort Rick back to the conference room. Once again, he walked with the pretty young woman but felt more at ease this time.

He thanked Trish for escorting him and she smiled and wished him well. He had 15 minutes before the next interview. He used the restroom and then went over his notes from the first two sessions. He was working when another lovely woman entered the conference room.

"Good morning Mr. Moore, I am Lydia, Mr. Connors assistant. He will see you now."

"Good morning, nice to meet you."

"Please come with me."

Rick followed her to the next Senior Partner interview, At least she was a brunette and actually had that deep Mediterranean look about her. She too had a knock out figure and wore tight clothes. He wondered if most of the guys who worked there walked around with erections all day. 
