 RECOLLECTION

Rick woke up in his hotel room bed and he quickly looked around to see if Travis was still in his room. Satisfied that he was alone, he lay back down and stared at the ceiling. He was embarrassed and annoyed about his behavior last night. He was still coming to grips with the fact that he had sex with a guy. It was his first gay encounter but then again, he didn't behave like a gay. He didn't do anything with the other guy's cock. He had let Travis blow him but then he fucked the pretty gay.

The scary thing was that it was the best sex he had had in some time. Travis was a slender pretty young thing with an ass that was irresistible. Rick guessed that Travis was about 5'5" and couldn't have weighed more than 130 pounds. His body was slender and shapely like a young woman except that he had a small cock and no tits. His skin was smooth, hairless and flawless and his lips were as soft as a girl's. Travis then remembered that he had kissed Travis.

"What the fuck did I do? What the fuck was I thinking?" Rick scolded himself.

He knew he would see the pretty gay again that day at the seminar. He wasn't sure what he would say or how he would behave. He would be at the hotel for two more nights before the seminar wrapped up Thursday. He was trying to talk himself out of another encounter with Travis but at the same time he could not get the lovely ass out of his mind. Rick got up, showered, dressed and went to the continental breakfast. He was seated with a few other attendees when he heard a soft voice.

"Good morning, do you mind if I join you," Travis addressed him.

"No please do," Rick answered and smiled at the pretty young man.

Travis lips looked a bit pink as if he had traces of day-old lipstick. Rick didn't remember him wearing lipstick last night but it looked like he had recently. Travis smiled and sat next to Rick and he nodded to the others across the table. Rick was the tall, fit, handsome stud but he seemed nervous in the presence of the effeminate gay young man. The ate breakfast and then headed to the main ball room for the key note speaker. Travis walked ahead of Rick who found himself checking out the lovely ass in the tight slacks.

They sat together in the ballroom and listened to the keynote speaker. Rick's mind kept wondering though as the view of Travis's ass reminded him of the night before. It had all started so innocently and then progressed to where Rick's 7+" cock was balls deep in the incredible curvy bottom. They had met at the poolside reception and Rick liked Travis as he was easy to talk to and very knowledgeable. Things were a bit of a blur after that but they found themselves in Rick's room together.

Travis came onto Rick who decided to go along with the seduction. He remembered thinking that a blow job from a gay wouldn't be all that bad. Travis sat on the edge of the bed and lowered Rick's pants and underwear to his knees. He was impressed with Rick's cock and took his time blowing him. Rick had just closed his eyes as the sweet lips kissed his engorged cock. Rick's body tensed as Travis's lips moved up and down the shaft and then he gasped as the sensuous mouth engulfed the cock. 

Travis was a very good cocksucker and in no time, he had Rick ready to blow his load. Enjoying the masterful oral performance, Rick tried to prolong his orgasm as long as he could. Travis sat on the edge of the bed and drew Rick in toward him. He caressed the back of the muscular legs and firm buttocks as his warm, wet, wonderful mouth sucked on the throbbing cock. He massaged the cockhead against the roof of his mouth. He circled it with his tongue and Rick felt the light scraping of teeth. Rick's dick felt harder and longer than it ever felt in months and he knew he was going to shoot.

Travis took the cock all the way into his warm wet mouth. He swirled his tongue around the length of the shaft, nibbled on the cock head and sucked hard. He had reached under Rick's scrotum and rubbed the hardness between his balls and anus. Rick felt his cock thicken and he knew he was going to cum. Travis grabbed Rick's ass with both hands as he exploded in the sweet mouth. He fired round after round of cum and Travis sucked and swallowed as fast as he could. Rope after rope of semen shot into the succulent mouth as Rick ejaculated with as much force and volume as he ever had. Travis sucked on the thick firm cock until he had drained every drop from it.

Rick had felt weak from the intense orgasm so he sat down on the bed next to Travis. He watched as Travis stood up and lowered his pants and underwear to his knees. A 4" boner jumped out and Travis quickly grabbed it in his hand. He had stroked his own cock as he told Rick that he needed to get off. Rick had watched as the hand flew rapidly over the cock in search of release. He then turned slightly just before he came and Rick watched as the young gay ejaculated. The load traveled several feet before landing on the carpet. 

Travis seemed to cum for at least 30 seconds as stream after stream shot out of his dick. Rick had watched as bare buttocks tightened. He had admired the bare ass as it was lily white framed by tan lines. Travis had an absolute beautiful ass and Rick had felt his loins stir and his cock harden as he thought what it would be like to fuck it. Travis had looked over and saw that Rick was still hard. 

"Rick, would you like to fuck me? Would you like to stick your big thick cock in my ass?" he had asked as he wiggled his shapely ass in Rick's direction. 

Without waiting for a reply, Travis had taken off his clothes and his 4" still erect dick wavered in the air. He knelt on the bed and raised his ass in the air. Rick had looked at him in this position thinking that he looked just like a young attractive girl with his smooth hairless body and his great looking ass. Travis had reached back and lubed his ass with something that he had obviously brought with him. Rick recalled that as if he were in a hypnotic state he had stood behind Travis and stared at the incredible ass. He hadn't fucked an ass for almost a year but remembered how much he had enjoyed doing Bonnie. Travis had handed him the lubricant and told him to grease up his dick. 

Rick recalled having been gentle with him allowing him to adjust to the size of the cock. Soon he was buried to the hilt in the receptive ass and he fucked the young man royally. Rick had held on to the pretty twin cheeks of the perfectly shaped ass as he fucked him thoroughly. I had only taken a few minutes before he had tensed up and filled the sweet ass with his seed. He had continued to fuck Travis's ass even as the semen oozed out and ran down over their balls. Travis had fired a blast of cum onto the bedcovers, this time, without ever even touching his own cock. Rick had eased his soft cock out of the sexy ass and Travis had turned around and took it in his mouth and sucked it dry and clean.

He recalled the third session and this time Travis had lay face down on the bed as Rick had drilled the irresistible ass a second time. All the time, Rick had felt like he was fucking a girl and the incredible ass was indelible in his mind. A soft voice was calling out to him and he suddenly realized that he was not paying attention to the speaker. His mind was pre-occupied with his first male sex encounter.

"Rick, where are you?" Travis whispered.

"Sorry, I was day dreaming."

"Yeah me too, this guy is pretty boring."

RICK AND TRAVIS

Rick had graduated from college in 1964 and worked with a consulting firm for the past five years. He had been a good athlete in high school but that did not carry over into college except for intramural sports. He was a very fit young man at age 28 in 1970 and lived in Denver. He was an avid skier and tennis player but he also enjoyed SCUBA diving and hiking.

His hair was light brown which he kept cut short and he had hazel eyes. At 6'2" tall he weighed a fit 190 pounds and took good care of his chiseled physique. He dated several girls but no one serious as marriage was the furthest thing from his mind. In his job, he traveled extensively and did see marriage as a good fit with his career objectives. 

Travis was only 23 years of age having graduated from college in 1968. He went to work for his father who owned his own business in Southern California and it was assumed that one day, Travis would take over. At 5'5" and 140 pounds, he was very slender and actually effeminate looking. He wasn't an athlete but he loved to swim to keep his effeminate figure. He had long wavy dark brown hair and brown eyes to match. 

He only had one gay lover in college and he was very private about his sexual orientation. He did not cruise for sex and only engaged with someone he really found attractive and responsible. Since college he had only had three other encounters which were all brief affairs. He was not a one-night-stand guy. 

Travis liked to look at himself naked in the full-length mirror. He loved his curves, his flawless skin, hairless body and most of all his fabulous ass. All his lovers loved his ass. He was not big in the cock department but he was not concerned about that. He tried to make himself appealing to guys whom he found attractive and he purposely wore tight slacks to show off his curvy bottom.

Travis had spotted Rick at the conference which was being held in Tempe, AZ at a prominent resort. At the Sunday night reception, he had spotted Rick who didn't seem to know anyone at the conference. Travis approached him and started a conversation. They hit it off and later ended up in Rick's room. They had checked out the cocktail lounge for a nightcap but it was packed. Rick suggested the mini-bar in his room and Travis gladly accepted.

They had a nightcap and chatted some more. Travis turned the conversation to sex and the seduction was on. He was able to convince Rick that a blow job would be every bit as good from him as any girl. Rick gave in and blow his load in record time. Then Travis convinced Rick to fuck him, which he did twice. Rick was sexually gratified but also confused as to how sex with a gay could be so good. Now they would be together at the conference for three more nights.

THE ENCORE

All day at the conference, Rick had a difficult time concentrating as he kept thinking about fucking the alluring gay ass. At the end of the day they stopped for a drink together. They were on their own for dinner that night and Travis suggested ordering room service. Rick knew what was really on the gay's mind but he agreed. After they ate in Rick's room he felt he had to say something.

"Travis, I'm not gay. I'm not into cock. I have to tell you that so you don't expect me to reciprocate."

"I'm cool with that. I like being a bottom and I want you to be my top this week. Now I would love for you to fuck me again. I want to feel that marvelous cock in my ass. Why don't you massage my ass and lubricate my anus?"

They both got undressed and if Rick had second thoughts, once he saw that lovely ass, they passed quickly. As if in a trance, he followed Travis's instructions and began to massage the magnificent ass. He then worked the pretty ass just as he had any of the girls he had ever butt fucked. He lovingly massaged the shapely buttocks and lubricated the anus. He put one then two fingers in the sweet ass and finger fucked him for several minutes. He was lost in the moment and did not even think it was a gay ass. It was just a beautiful bottom and one he was about to fuck again.

"I'm ready for you Rick. I'm ready for you to put your big dick in me. Go slow and make this last a long time."

Staring the entire time at the beautiful curvy ass, Rick got up on the bed and lowered his body onto the effeminate beauty. He held his erect cock in his hand and guided to the taut rubbery ring. Travis held his breath as the thick but soft mushroom head opened up his anus and stretched the sphincter. Rick was thoughtful and gentle as he slowly penetrated a guy's ass for the second time in his life. The ass opened up and welcomed the big cock into the warm snug passage. Rick held still and let Travis position himself. Once he was satisfied that the ass had loosened up he began to fuck him with long steady deliberate strokes.

The two of them moved together as if they had done this many times before but of course Travis was used to being a bottom. He rose up slightly on his knees while keeping his chest pressed against the bed. That move accentuated the round shape of his shapely ass. Rick loved the feel of the curvy buttocks as he drove his cock all the way home. He normally liked the doggy style position but he found that he liked the way the smooth body felt under him. Travis was vocal each time Rick buried his cock in the snug gripping channel.

"Oh fuck, of yeah, oh God, it feels so good, fuck me!"

Every time he drove his cock into the sweet bottom, Travis lifted his hips to receive the cock deep in his ass. They fucked slowly and maintained their rhythm and Rick wrapped his arms around Travis's smooth skinned upper body. Their bodies pressed together as they made love and Rick felt just like he was in the ass of a beautiful young woman. He never expected that fucking a guy would be so enjoyable and so erotic. He was so wrapped up fucking the hot curvy ass that his ejaculation snuck up on him. Almost without warning he shot a massive load into the gripping clenching rectum.

Travis groaned aloud when he felt the first stream shoot into him followed by several more streams nearly as forceful. Rick moved his hips in and out as he ejaculated into the gorgeous gay until he was nearly drained. He pressed his body into the slender body and remained still as Travis clenched and unclenched his sphincter muscle around the thick shaft. He was still hard when he removed his cock from well fucked ass and rocked back on his haunches. Travis turned over and took a hold of his own smaller erection and stroked it in search of his release. Rick watched him jerk off. 

"Put your cock back in me. Just fuck me until I cum."

He moved back to the pretty gay who lifted his legs to receive the cock again. Rick eased his cock back into the well lubed passage and began to fuck him again. Travis stroked his cock as Rick fucked him and he was pleased that he was still hard. He watched as Travis closed his eyes and he felt the sphincter tighten around his cock again as Travis ejaculated. The impressive load shot out in four or five streams and landed on his chest, abs and pubes. 

Rick stopped moving and looked down at the lovely slender body. His cock was still in the gripping ass. They were silent for several minutes but before Rick could think too much about what had just happened, Travis spoke. 

"So, how was it? Do you still like it?"

"I do. It's still so weird though that I could enjoy it so much."

"I think that you like fucking me."

"I always do at the time but now it's a little embarrassing."

"That's understandable; I'm your first gay, right?"

"Right, probably my last too."

"Okay but you have me now. Fuck me again."

"Gladly, roll over."

Within seconds Rick was buried balls deep again in the irresistible bottom. Travis was flattened on the bed face down as Rick drove his impressive cock deep into the bowels of his temporary lover. His powerful buttocks clenched and unclenched as he pummeled the lovely gay. His thick cock drove into the sweet ass and then retreated until only the head remained. Travis felt the powerful shaft drive in and out of his anal passage like a piston causing him to cry out.

"Oh man your cock is so big in my ass, so deep. Cum in me like the last time, I want to feel you shooting in my ass. This is the best ever."

Rick continued to fuck the shapely firm ass of his lover driving his cock into the warm recess. He sensed his orgasm building in his balls and he knew that within minutes he would cum in the hot receptive ass. He felt the pressure in his scrotum just before he unleashed a torrent of semen into the shapely bottom underneath him. He felt the sphincter muscle tighten around his shaft and squeeze every ounce of juice out of it. He stayed hard and he continued to slowly fuck as the semen coated his shaft. Travis sensed that Rick might be up for another round without pulling out of his ass and whispered. 

"You're crushing me, if you are going to keep fucking my ass let's roll on our sides."

Rick rolled to his side keeping his cock in the marvelous ass as he pulled the effeminate gay with him. His hands wrapped around and caressed the delicate smooth body. He gently pinched Travis's nipples much as he would with a girl and kept fucking him until they both came. Travis ejaculated two times before Rick came in his ass again. Travis was so turned on that the first time he ejaculated; his cum shot passed his face and hit the headboard of bed. The second time he came, his seed hit him in the face and neck. Rick then dumped another load in the succulent ass. The two of them rested on their sides allowing the big cock to slowly deflate and slip from the shapely ass. Travis reached back and circled his arm around Rick's head. He pulled the stud's face toward his and they kissed once again. The soft lips caressed Rick's mouth and once again it was like kissing a pretty young woman. They remained cuddled together for several minutes and the semen dried on the gay body.

They were both dead tired and sexually sated and fell asleep quickly. Rick woke up in the middle of the night to pee and found that Travis was gone. He was actually glad as it facilitated a good night's sleep. He got back in bed and remembered that he still had two more nights at the conference and he was sure that he would be fucking Travis again.

ODD BUT AN EROTIC REQUEST

Rick and Travis met at the continental breakfast and shared their conference plans for that day. They would attend the main speaker session after breakfast and then the breakout sessions. Later they would meet for lunch and then it was another presentation in the main ball room followed by more breakout sessions in the afternoon. That evening there was a barbecue at the resort and they agreed to meet there.

Rick enjoyed some of the presentations but during the day he would often think about Travis. The image of the pretty gay in bed on all fours with his marvelous ass ready to be fucked was etched in Rick's mind. He was actually anxious to fuck Travis again and again that evening. Following the barbecue, they made their way to Rick's room for the third straight night.

It was only 8:00 PM and they had plenty of time for sex. They undressed and Rick lay back on the bed as Travis began to suck on the big cock. Rick was propped up with the pillows and for the first time he watched Travis in the mirror on the wall over the dresser. He watched the lovey head bob up and down enjoying the oral sex. Every so often he would look at the mirror and marvel at the incredible ass.

Travis had brought the lube which was like a greaseless gel and he prepared his anus for the penetration he so desired. Next, he lubed his new lover's big cock and stroked it lovingly. He straddled the muscular thighs and reached back with his delicate hand to grasp the throbbing shaft. Using his hand, he guided it to his entrance and slowly lowered himself onto it. Travis emitted a gasp as the thick cock filled his chamber yet again. He remained still for a few moments and then began a rocking motion. Once he was comfortable, he leaned over toward Rick.

They fucked slowly and matched each other's pace. Rick hugged the pretty gay to him. This was really like making love and not just raw sex. He felt closeness to Travis that he had not felt until that night. When Travis moved his face from Rick's shoulder to look him in the eye; it seemed natural for them to kiss again. As before, it was tender fleeting kisses and not with their lips locked together. Travis rocked his body back and forth relishing the feel of the rigid shaft in his bottom. It was the first time they had fucked in this position and surprisingly Rick kind of liked it.
