 I often walked along the shore when the weather was warm enough. I occasionally had time to spend at the beach reading or body surfing.

One morning, I arose early and went to my nearest beach which being a coastal town was not far from where I lived. I had a book with me that I was reading, and had nearly finished it, so I thought after swimming I would read it to it's conclusion. 

With my towel and small book, I walked along the beach away from the populated area to somewhere further along the beach where it would be quieter. I had picked out a quiet spot away from the shore where there was an occasional jogger and moved back to the vegetated close sand hill.

I found a recess between two bushes and as I walked behind the shrub, I found another older man there, sitting and reading in the spot I had in mind. He looked like he was aged in his late 40s, which would make him about 25 years older than me, although his body seemed to be in good shape. He sat under a large beach umbrella, reading.

I said 'Oh, Hi. Looks like you've found a good spot for some privacy.'

He said 'Yeah. You're right. There's probably room for two if I move back a little. Join me if you don't find anything else.'

'Thanks, I might,' I said as I wandered away. 

I looked around for a minute, then stripped naked and ran to the isolated beach and plunged into the cold water. After an initial freezing shock, I became accustomed to the temperature and wallowed in the shallow water submerging myself and enjoying the invigorating coldness of the sea. 

About 10 minutes later, I returned wearing my bathers and T-shirt and said 'It looks like this is the pick of the options around here. If that offer's still going, I think I might join you.' 

Removing my T-shirt, I was only wearing shorts when I said, 'My name's Jim by the way.'

He reached up to shake hands and said 'Hi, I'm Angus.'

I was hesitant, but I came out with my next question anyway.

'Would you be offended or uncomfortable if I took my clothes off?'I asked

When there are two straight blokes, there's nothing personal or threatening about nudity. If either or both are gay, or if there is awkwardness, you deal with it as it happens.

He said, 'No. That's OK,'

I asked him, 'Are you gay?'

'No.I'm happily married and have a beautiful daughter. She's 8 years old and the shining light of my life,' he said smiling proudly, showing me the photo of his wife and daughter he was using as a bookmark in the book he was reading. 

'Good for you

I stripped off and settled on my towel, and noticed him glancing at my penis. It had shriveled up to a little over 1 inch from the effect of the cold water. I noticed a fleeting grin. He must have been satisfied that at least he had a bigger cock than me. Most men see their own penises from a distorted angle, directly above, and as it is foreshortened from that angle, it looks smaller. When mine shrivels from swimming or showering in cold water, it almost disappears. 

I settled next to him and put my hat over my face to keep the glare of the day out of my eyes. 

He must have noticed my shriveled cock. 

He said, 'You must have been swimming, How's the water?'

'If you like cold water, it was good. I could recommend it.'

He replied, 'I do. I think I will.' 

'There's no-one around, Angus' I said. 'Leave your clothes at the water's edge and swim naked. It's the best feeling.' 

He didn't answer. I guessed that by his age, he would do what he always did, without someone half his age giving him advice. 

But as he walked away, he said, 'If there's no-one on the beach I just might do that.'

About 20 minutes later, he returned. I removed the hat from my head and saw that he was likewise shriveled up from the cold. The effect on his cock was that it stood straight out in front of him at about 2 inches. He remained naked and sat back down on his towel, looking a bit embarrassed about the tiny proportion of his cock. I was thinking –I wouldn't mind putting that cold rigid little morsel into my mouth-. 

'The cold sea-water always causes wrinkles to shrink the size of your cock. Relax Angus. It happens to all of us. I can show you a technique to restore it back to normal in less that half a minute.'

'Are you sure? What do you do?'

'It's a visualisation exercise. Lie down. Move your feet and hands apart to help you relax and wait. You'll feel very nice as your cock returns to normal. Close your eyes and try and imagine your cock growing to twice it's normal size'

He spread himself out wide and I knelt between his knees and played lightly with the toes on his right foot. My gaze moved from his foot to his cock. I could see begin to expand as the rush of blood began to change the size and shape of his slowly expanding penis. It began to assume funny angles. I ran my fingers lightly up along his right leg stopping at his hip, then ran my fingertips down the crease between his leg and his shriveled scrotum, and back down his other leg.

I waited for a moment, then watching his cock relax, I repeated these moves on his left leg. His large egg shaped balls remained tight at the top of his legs, but his cock engorged quickly to almost his full size, hanging between his legs. 

I copied the move on his left leg, and as my hand moved up to his hip, his cock began levitating slowly. As I ran my fingertips down beside his large egg shaped balls, his cock hardened, moving in a wide arc and hovered at its full 6 inches just above his stomach. 

His eyes remained shut as he said, 'I think you better stop now please Jim. Somehow it feels like I got a stiffy.'

'Yes it looks great, Angus. You have a straight cock and the large head looks like it has a will of its own. Stay there and relax and let me do one more thing.'

I lightly touched the hair around his balls and his hardened cock started pulsing in time with the beat of his heart. Holding it at the base, I moved his penis away from his body and placed it in my open mouth. I let him feel my warm breath around his cock. I moved my mouth away to let him feel cold air, which I blew lightly over his cock, then returned it inside my mouth breathing my warm breath over it again. 

'Could you stop now Jim. I think I'm getting too excited. I don't want to come. We're both blokes.'

He was imploring me to stop, but something made him remain still with his eyes closed. 

I moved away again and said, 'It's getting really hard now Angus. I'm a bit jealous. Keep still and wait a bit longer,' I commanded.

He remained still but his legs moved closer until they pressed against the outside of my knees. 

I bent back down still holding his cock at a high angle above his stomach, and placed my mouth over his cock and lightly grasped it with my lips for 5 long seconds, then I gave his cock a long slow lick with my tongue. I could feel it harden and his glans taking shape on my tongue. I smeared my tongue all around the hardened swollen head of his penis, causing his cock to begin throbbing noticeably. 

'What are you doing to me Jim?' he said. 

I kept licking his cock concentrating just under the head, where it's a common trigger point for many males. 

Just when he seemed to be beyond protesting any more, he called out in a loud voice, 'No, No. You have to stop. . . . Please Jim'.

He sounded guilty and desperate, but I thought he had gone too far to stop by then.

His arms were bent hard against his sides and his fists clenched and unclenched in rapid succession. He began whimpering like a hungry puppy, frantic and out of control. He bridged his body in a high arc, supporting it only between his feet and his shoulders, as he groaned loudly. I could feel my mouth fill with his warm semen as he ejaculated 5 or 6 long hard squirts into me. 

I swallowed his cum in large gulps, then sucked lightly on the end of his still throbbing swollen cock, then released it while it was still hard. 

He collapsed back onto his towel for a few seconds, catching his breath. He kept his eyes closed as if to block out the place he was in and to try and imagine what I had done to him, didn't happen. 

He quickly got to his feet, turned his back to be and dressed with-out a word. He gathered up his book and towel and hurried away without looking back at me. 

I had seduced a very virile, straight, middle aged man, maybe for the first time in his life.