 Summary: Gay stud's hobby is turning straight guys. 

Thanks: Goamz86 and Robert for editing. 

***** 

Matt, whose anal cherry I had just taken, said, "I can't believe we just did that. I thought I was straight." 

"I knew you weren't," I replied, as I returned from the washroom. The irony was crazy as he was a really loud-mouthed, in your face linebacker on the field, but now in my arms he was a tame, insecure man wanting to be cuddled and loved. 

"What do you mean?" He asked, looking offended. 

"I just knew," I shrugged. 

"How?" He questioned, clearly worried others would know he was a cocksucker. 

"How did I know you would be an eager cocksucker?" I asked, liking to be crude and put ex-straight boys in their place. 

"Please don't call me that," he said. 

"You didn't seem to mind when you were bobbing up and down like a sorority slut a few minutes ago," I pointed out. 

"I can't believe I did that," he said, his eyes giving away he still was shocked by his gay submission. 

"Oh, I can," I smiled, my revelation just coming to me. "All guys have a gay side in them." 

"All guys?" He questioned. "Really?" 

"Did you think you had a gay side before I had you bent over the couch and was fucking that tight ass of yours?" I asked, loving the awkwardness I was creating with my newly turned fuck toy. 

"No, I guess not," he cringed, clearly a bit of shame coursing through him. "Although, I didn't know I was curious until today." 

"Until I turned you into my little fuck toy," I said, continuing to push him deeper into humiliation. I don't know why, but turning straight boys was the greater turn on, as was calling them all the stereotypical names gay men had thrown at them all the time. 

"Please don't call me that," he said, timidly, even though he was a good fifty pounds bigger than me. 

"Well, that is what you are," I said, before adding, "unless you don't want my cock in that pretty little ass of yours anymore." I learned early on treating straight boys like girls, although humiliating, often seemed to relax them, even though logically it made no sense. 

He didn't say anything, clearly still coming to grips with the reality that everything he thought he knew about his sexuality was wrong. I had seen the look, the silence, many times and it always led to acceptance, although often guilt and shame were their first emotions. 

Wanting to hear him say it, I asked, "So you are not as straight as you thought you were, are you?" 

"I guess not," he whispered, before adding, his voice trying to sound manly, "but I'm not gay." 

"I never said you were," I said. "I'm gay, I only fuck men. You are bisexual or a cocksucker." 

"I hate that word," he said. 

"What else would it be? You sucked, rather eagerly may I add, my cock." When he didn't say anything as my logic was rather precise, I added, "I guess you could be a cum bucket. Is that better?" 

"God, no," he said horrified at the new derogatory option. 

"So what is it? Faggot? Cocksucker? Queer? Ass-taker? Cum bucket?" I asked, listing a few derogatory, demeaning gay terms, all which I myself had been called. 

"I-I-I don't know," he stammered. 

"Pick one," I ordered, as I moved my arm from underneath him, sat up and placed my flaccid cock in front of his face. 

His eyes went big and it was obvious my turning of another straight boy would not be a onetime thing (it almost never was, once you take a beautiful cock like mine between your lips and eventually swallow my addictive seed you are forever a cocksucker; once you bend over and take my long, thick cock up your ass, your man pussy, you are forever yearning to feel yourself filled by my cock). It is just the reality of the male psyche: almost all men are bi-sexual at heart, many just never cross the invisible line society has created. (But more of my straight turning philosophy later) 

"Please don't make me," he begged. 

"I am not going to make you do anything Matt," I said, moving my cock around his lips. "But you don't get my cock until you choose a pet name for me to call you." 

"Y-y-you are not going to call me the name in public are you?" He stammered, both petrified for his new secret to be revealed and for him to be outed, plus my cock on his lips had him hungry to taste me again. 

"Only if you want me to," I teased, tapping my cock head on his nose. 

"Cocksucker," he whispered, clearly humiliated by admitting such a thing. 

"I'm not sure what you mean," I teased. "Tell me what you are in a complete sentence." 

"I'm your cocksucker," he said, still quietly. 

"Say it with pride. I don't just let any little straight boy suck my cock," I ordered. 

He looked up, a hunger in his eyes, a desperation in his tone, "I'm your straight cocksucker." 

Grabbing his head and shoving my cock in his mouth. I allowed it to grow as I instructed, "Use your tongue, faggot." 

He quickly obeyed, his mind shifting from ashamed to hungry instantly. 

"Do you like the feel of my cock growing in that pretty mouth of yours, straight boy?" I asked. 

He moaned in response causing vibrations on my cock. 

As my cock became a direct missile in his mouth, I asked, "Who is a better cocksucker me or that bimbo cheerleader girlfriend of yours?" 

His girlfriend was actually really sweet and incredibly intelligent, but I wanted to test if he would stand up for her. 

As I pulled my cock out of his mouth, he said, "You are." 

"I suck your cock better than your cheerleading whore?" I repeated, testing him further. 

"Yes," he sheepishly admitted and I rewarded him by returning my cock between his lips. 

I asked, "So if your slut of a girlfriend and you are, say, on a date, would you leave her to come and take my cock up your cunt?" 

His eyes went wide at hearing me call his ass a cunt. 

I pulled out so he could answer. Again he answered like most converted straight boys do, "I'd leave her and come be your cocksucker." 

"My fuck-toy?" I questioned, pumping my cock in his mouth again. 

When I pulled out, he whispered, "Yes, your fuck-toy." 

"My cum bucket?" I continued, pushing him deeper into utter submission to my cock. 

"I will be your cocksucker, fuck-toy, faggot, queer, cum bucket, just please let me taste your cum again," he pleaded, completely under my cock's hypnotic pull. 

"As you wish," I generously agreed, shoving my cock back into his mouth. I fucked his face for a couple of minutes making him gag, before pulling out again, his saliva dripping off my cock and onto his face. 

"Beg for my cock, cocksucker," I ordered. 

His eyes showed the hunger a just turned straight boy always has as he said clearly, staring at my cock, "Please fuck your cocksucker's mouth with your beautiful cock. Shoot your yummy cum down your cum bucket's mouth." 

"What would bimbo say hearing you talk like a cock hungry slut?" I asked, as my hand reached back and stroked his completely stiff cock. 

He groaned, "Aaaah, who cares what she would say, I'm your cock hungry slut." 

"My cocksucker?" I asked. 

"Yes, your cocksucker, or anything else you want to call me," he said, his eyes never leaving my hard cock. 

Satisfied, I shoved my cock back into his mouth, letting go of his cock. Although awkward because he was laying down, he tried bobbing, meeting my forward strokes with insatiable desire. I had created a cum hungry cocksucker who I was confident would crave cock the rest of his life. Once you try something and realize how liberating and satisfying it is, it is almost impossible to go back to the vanilla life you were living. 

Having already come twice, this was going to take a while. I pulled out of his mouth, laid back on my back and ordered, "Worship my cock, Cocksucker." 

He didn't hesitate as he repositioned himself between my legs and took my cock back into his mouth. 

I eventually shot another load in his mouth and swallowed one more load myself as I finished another successful seduction. I fucked him a few more times over the next couple of months, but I got bored, the original seduction and submission always the thing that really got me off. 

Matt eventually broke up with his girlfriend and although he dated other girls throughout college he also continued to suck cock and get fucked as well. He is now an assistant coach in the NFL and although married still likes a big cock in his mouth or ass.  

Anyway, that was just an example of my philosophy at work. Sometimes I humiliate them into submission like I did Matt, mostly because he was kind of an asshole to others and I wanted to teach him a lesson; other times I seduce them with romance; and other times I manipulate them to think it was their idea. The seductions vary, but the end result is almost always the same...a straight guy is turned. 

Now, I have always hated the gay stereotype that society has created over the years. For example, I am one hundred percent gay. Yet, I don't speak in a high pitched voice, I don't have a limp wrist, I don't dress flamboyantly and I don't love Judy Collins. Okay, okay, I do like musicals, but so do many straight people. 

No, if you look at me you would have no idea I'm gay. I'm extremely good looking (often compared to Brad Pitt), I am in amazing shape, I have a great smile, blue eyes that get me many compliments and often are the first trigger to seduce a man. I have a witty personality and am a chameleon of sorts (able to adapt to the people I am around). I also have a decent sized seven inch cock and a great ass. 

Now what I am about to say some will argue with (I'll probably get hate mail actually)...I'll be told I'm full of shit...I'm just a pretentious faggot...yet, my theory is based on a lot of experience...a lot of STRAIGHT TURNING. 

THERE 

IS 

NO 

SUCH 

THING 

AS 

A 

STRAIGHT 

MAN 

! 

! 

! 

Oh sure, many men think they are straight and many men will never once in their life ever do anything sexual with another man, yet I strongly believe any man can be seduced. The reality is you just have to open up their minds to the idea by planting the seed and once it's there it will often flourish. 

I have seduced guys in under an hour, I have also seduced guys that took me three months, but they almost always submit eventually...curiosity is a big part of our human psyche and once an idea is imbedded...curiosity slowly takes over. (I have failed, by the way, there are always exceptions to every rule, but my success rate is about 98%) 

Once I get a straight guy on their knees, and they take a cock between their lips they are forever changed. The line between straight and gay blurs and the straight guy will usually crave that secret submission...even though they feel confused about why they did it, why they enjoyed it, and why they crave it. 

Once they suck a big, stiff cock and feel the thrill of cum sliding down their throat there is no going back. No forgetting the fulfilling sensation of submission. They will feel guilty, they will question their own sexuality and often tell themselves they will never do it again...but they always do...once Pandora's Box is open the world they once knew, the world they thought they understood is completely shattered as is their own understanding of themselves. 

Having a cock in your mouth is the most natural thing in the world. From breast feeding, to sucking on a bottle, to having a soother in your mouth, to sucking on lollipops and Popsicles, we are trained from birth, literally brainwashed to suck. Which is why it seems so ironic that gay sex, a man sucking another man, is so taboo. Oddly, girls eating pussy, the hole they once came from is considered natural and sexy (but to each their own). 

They say every girl at some point wonders about another girl ... ponders what it would feel like to taste another woman. Society encourages this from the plethora of porn scenes (how many porn movies do not have at least one lesbian scene?), to celebrities making out live to tease (Madonna and Britney for example), to Katy Perry's "I Kissed a Girl" (could you imagine if some singer sang "I Kissed a Boy"?). 

So I have made it my mission to turn as many straight boys into cocksuckers as I can. I do this for a few reasons: 

1. As already mentioned, I believe most guys are curious, just like girls, yet society still generally forbids a guy to suck another cock, while a girl eating pussy is in. 

2. I get a sexual thrill at turning straight guys into cocksuckers. It is a great rush to see a straight guy with a mouth full of cock. 

3. I love the validation of being right, of course, and the fact that almost always the first time cocksucker becomes a lifer...sometimes completely crossing to my side...and sometimes deciding, often on their own or with only a little bit of persuading, to try taking a cock in their ass. 

4. I hate following society's rules, and breaking them is my own validation after years of being ostracized, bullied and being forced to stay in the closet and be ashamed of my sexuality as if I was deformed because I didn't lust after the opposite sex (Let's be honest, a cock is a lot prettier than a pussy, and anyone who says otherwise is a fucking liar). 

5. And, of course, I liked getting my cock sucked, and growing my harem of once straight cocksuckers (who often text me begging to come over and serve me). 

Here are just a few of the texts I have received the past month; to clarify if a cocksucker texts me something generic I insist they specify exactly what they want (I want them to understand craving cock is natural and not something to be ashamed of) 

Austin 

Are you going to be at the lab tonight? I really need a load of your cum in my mouth. 

Darryl 

I also insist they sign their name to make sure they are not ashamed of their desire, hunger and need. 

Daryl is a classmate who is engaged to be married to a cheerleader...who is completely oblivious that her fiancé loves sucking cock. 

Austin, 

Please respond ASAP. I need your cockkkkk so bad!! 

Ben 

Many cocksuckers try to get my attention by pleading. Ben is a former high school teacher of mine who I turned at school. He was easily, actually still is, one of the most cock hungry cocksuckers I turned. He blew me at school in his classroom every prep he had the last two months of my senior year (I conveniently having a spare when he had a prep). I recall him being paged to the office one day while he was bobbing on my cock and I wouldn't let him leave until I deposited my load down his throat. 

 

Austin 

I can't stop thinking about your cock. I can't believe I did that. Your father was my best friend. I feel guilty, I feel ashamed, yet every day I jerk myself off thinking of sucking you off again. 

Please reply soon as I need to do this again before I go crazy. 

William 

William was a great turn. I hated my father, who disowned me when he learned I was, in his words, "a cocksucking faggot and no son of his." My dream was to turn him one day, my dream conversion, but he died of a heart attack at 48. At the funeral, I decided to do the next best thing, and turn his best friend. One day, I do hope to turn my grandfather who is also a homophobic prick. (Okay, I do have some issues) 

Dude 

I need your cock now. My mouth or ass are available for you to choose. I must have you tonight. My wife has her weekly bridge night tonight so the house is free from 6:30-9:00. Come use your cum slut on the bed he shares with his wife. 

Damon 

 Damon was a mid-forties black bank executive who I turned and fucked in his office. He screamed so loud that his secretary asked on the intercom if he was all right. I can only imagine if she knew that her six figure boss was bent over his desk getting nailed by a college boy. He blew me the first time at the adult theatre in town and instantly became a cock hungry cum slut. I had rejected his last few pleas, but this was too delicious to refuse. Because we had time, I shot two loads in him that night. The first down his throat and the second in his ass and then made him put on his underwear and stay in them all night with my cum leaking out. 

Austin 

When are u in town next? You opened up a side of me I didn't know existed. I stare at cocks at the gym now: my mouth waters; I imagine dropping to my knees and sucking; my dreams at night are of cock. Come for a visit!! 

Brian 

I met Brian at Cody's wedding. He was the best man and after a little coaxing became a changed man when he sucked me off in the washroom stall one floor up from where the reception was taking place. Actually that was a crazy day. I fucked Cody's ass in the church, just fifteen minutes before he said his 'I do's'. I came in his ass and made him wear my cum during the ceremony, a constant reminder that although he was getting married, he was also mine. 

Truthfully, the three biggest thrills for me are: 

1. Turning a straight guy into a cocksucker 

2. Having a turned guy begging for the privilege to suck me again. 

3. Taking a virgin's ass and depositing my load deep in it; conversely, my greatest perversion is to make a guy keep my cum in his ass while he is doing something with his woman. 

Every person is given a talent from the Lord. For whatever reason the Lord gave me the innate ability to make straight as arrow guys became the cocksuckers (or more) they were unwittingly trained since birth to be. 

A perfect example of this theory was turning my sister's friend's cheating boyfriend: 

My sister's roommate had learned her boyfriend of two years had cheated on her. She was upset and we were just trying to cheer her up when my sister, Beth, who knew my special ability, suggested, "Austin, you should turn the fucker." 

Gwen asked, through tears, "W-w-what's that mean?" 

Beth said, "Tell her." 

I usually didn't tell my secret to everyone, discretion was key in the plethora of guys I had turned. Yet, I really liked Gwen, who was a complete sweetheart, and figured if this guy was such an asshole to cheat on Gwen, he was definitely in play. 

I explained, "I turn guys." 

"What?" She asked, perplexed. 

"I make straight guys eager cocksuckers," I bluntly said. 

"You're gay?" She asked. 

"Not in the flamboyant, musical loving way," I joked, long used to women being surprised when they learned I was gay. 

"But you're so hot," she said. 

"Gay guys can't be hot?" I asked. 

She shook her head, "I didn't mean it that way." 

"I'm just teasing you," I smiled. 

"Will you turn the fucker?" Beth asked, clearly pissed at this guy. 

"There is no way you could turn Daryl," Gwen said. "He hates gay people, calls them immoral." 

"Those are my favourite guys to turn," I said, knowing through experience that more times than not the more homophobic a guy, the more likely he was hiding insecurities about feelings he was having about other men. 

"No way," Gwen adamantly said, clearly not thinking it was possible. 

I laughed, "Trust me. All guys are just the opportunity away from being cocksuckers." 

"No way?" Gwen said, stopping crying as the conversation. Clearly intrigued her. 

"Have you ever found a girl attractive?" I asked. 

Gwen quickly glanced at my sister, a very pretty, big breasted redhead, before admitting, "Sure, all girls do." 

"Exactly," I said, without going deeper, wanting her to ask the question. 

"How does that correlate?" She asked. 

"Ever check out another girl's breasts?" I asked. 
