 ANOTHER DISCOVERY FOR STEVE

Steve woke up Saturday morning needing to piss really badly. He looked over at Jeremy who was still asleep. He was lying on his belly and his curvy ass looked inviting. Jeremy was wearing sleep shorts but they were so tight his ass was outlined perfectly. If Steve didn't need to pee so bad he would have pulled the shorts down and shoved his cock into Jeremy's sweet ass. Wearing only his sleep shorts, Steve made his way to the bathroom. 

He was urinating when he heard voices in the shower. It must have taken him nearly two minutes to finish peeing and he listened closely to the voices in the shower. Steve figured out that someone was getting fucked and he decided to check it out. He peeked into the showers and saw Josh the RA with an absolute drop dead gorgeous blonde. He was the cutest guy that Steve had ever seen. He had long blonde hair that covered his neck and ears and he had a marvelous looking ass.

Josh was drilling the smaller petite blonde from behind and Steve marveled at the way the blonde handled Josh's cock. Steve was pleased because if the blonde could handle Josh he would be able to handle him as well. Steve felt his cock surge in his shorts as he watched the two guys fuck. He stroked it through his shorts but he did not release it. After a few more minutes he headed back to his dorm room.

Jeremy was still sleeping but Steve was ready for action after watching that scene in the bathroom. He stripped off his shorts and got in Jeremy's bed and laid along side him. Steve caressed the lovely ass through the knit shorts. Eventually he slipped his hand in the shorts and fondled the shapely buttocks. Jeremy cooed but did not wake up or at least indicate he was awake. Steve lowered the sleep shorts just below Jeremy's curvy buttocks. Steve thought that his roommate looked very sexy with the shorts still on him. 

Locating the lube on the desk Steve began to finger his roommate's anus. Jeremy rotated his ass in an alluring manner when Steve fingered it with the lubricant. Staring the entire time at Jeremy's beautiful curvy ass, Steve moved up and lowered his body onto Jeremy. Steve held his erect cock in his hand and guided to Jeremy's anus. Jeremy held his breath as the thick but soft mushroom head opened up his anus and stretched the sphincter. Steve was thoughtful and gentle as he slowly penetrated him. Jeremy's ass opened up and welcomed Steve's cock into the warm snug passage. Steve held still and let Jeremy move under him. Once Steve was satisfied that Jeremy had loosened up enough, he began to fuck Jeremy with long steady deliberate strokes.

The two of them moved together just as they had many times before. Jeremy rose up slightly on his knees while keeping his chest pressed against the bed. The move accentuated the round shape of his shapely ass. Steve like the feel of the curvy buttocks as he drove his cock all the way home. Normally Steve liked him in a doggy style position but that morning he liked the way Jeremy felt under him. Jeremy groaned repeatedly each time Steve buried his cock in Jeremy's ass.

Every time Steve drove his cock into Jeremy's bottom, Jeremy lifted his hips to receive the cock in his ass. They fucked slowly and maintained their rhythm and Steve wrapped his arms around Jeremy's upper body. Their bodies pressed together as they made love and Steve felt just like he was in the ass of his girlfriend. Before college, Steve never expected that fucking a guy could be so enjoyable and so erotic. He was so wrapped up thinking about Josh and that cute blonde while fucking Jeremy's hot curvy ass that his ejaculation snuck up on him. Almost without warning Steve shot a massive load into Jeremy's rectum.

Jeremy groaned aloud when he felt the first stream shoot into him followed by several more streams nearly as forceful. Steve moved his hips in and out as he ejaculated into Jeremy until he was nearly drained. Steve pressed his body onto Jeremy and remained still as Jeremy clenched and unclenched his sphincter muscle around Steve's shaft. Steve was still hard when he removed his cock from Jeremy's ass and got off the bed. 

Jeremy remained lying face down on his bed with his exposed ass oozing semen. Steve thought it was one of the sexiest sights that he had ever seen. Jeremy still had his shorts on and they framed the bottom of his buttocks. Steve started to get dressed and reminded Jeremy it was time for breakfast.

"I am worn out. I'm staying in bed."

"Okay, I'll bring you something back."

"You're not supposed to bring food from the cafeteria to the room."

"I'll be careful. Get some rest," Steve said as he ran his hand over Jeremy's beautiful ass.

Steve stepped out side the dorm room and nearly bumped into Josh. "Are you going to breakfast?"

"Yes, I was just headed there."

"Where's your roommate?"

"He's still in bed," Steve replied and cracked the door so that Josh could see inside.

Josh spotted Jeremy in bed with his lovely ass on display. He liked the look of the shorts partially removed. "I think I'll keep him company while you're at breakfast," Josh said with wry smile.

"Have fun."

"I will."

Steve headed for the cafeteria and he visualized Josh undressing and getting in bed with Jeremy. He knew that within minutes Jeremy would be taking Josh's big dick in his ass. Steve entered the cafeteria and moved through the line selecting food and drink items. He then searched for a place to sit and got excited when he saw the cute blonde. Steve made his way over to the table where several guys were seated including the hot blonde. He didn't know any of the guys by name but he was determined to meet the blonde. 

"Hi, I'm Steve." He said as he sat down.

Several of the guys were done eating and they just stood up and left ignoring Steve. The blonde looked at him curiously and finally introduced himself. "I'm Sandy."

"Are you new here?"

"Yep, it's my first year."

"A freshman huh, I'm a sophomore." 

Steve sensed the condescending attitude and addressed it head on. "That's strange because I saw you in the freshman dorm this morning."

Sandy blushed and denied it. "That's not true, I never go there anymore."

"I'm sure it was you. You were in the shower with Josh our RA. He had his big dick in your hot looking ass."

Sandy turned beet red. "You can't tell anyone," he whispered very concerned.

"Don't worry, I won't say anything. You know I'm not as big as Josh but I not far behind if you like big cocks,"

"Are you coming onto me?"

"Yeah, I'd like to fuck that sweet ass of yours sometime."

"Finish your breakfast and come with me."

Steve finished his breakfast as Sandy patiently waited. He did not forget Jeremy and put two donuts in his jacket pocket. He noticed that Sandy put two pads of butter in his pocket. Steve dropped off his tray with dishes and silverware and then followed Sandy to a vacant classroom.

"No one ever comes in here on the weekend. Josh fucked me here once."

In the classroom they took off their jackets and dropped their pants and underwear. Sandy was all over Steve's cock. He was taken with Steve's impressive cock and he spent a lot of time kissing it and licking it keeping Steve hard. Steve was now ready to fuck Sandy and he told Sandy to get on all fours. Steve watched as Sandy used the butter from the cafeteria to lubricate his asshole and he again marveled at the shapely ass on Sandy's smaller frame. Steve observed again that Sandy's skin was tan except for his lily white ass. Sandy looked good on all fours as he waited for Steve's cock to penetrate him. Steve took his time fingering Sandy's ass and he liked the submissive posture that Sandy presented. Sandy had his head down on his hands which were folded on the floor. His ass was elevated and his back was arched emphasizing the curvy shape of his ass. Sandy looked perfect and he presented exactly the image that Steve liked to fuck.

Steve moved close and slowly eased his cock into Sandy's ass. Sandy groaned slightly with the penetration and his sphincter stretched once again to accept another big cock. Once past the sphincter Steve fucked Sandy slowly until Sandy's ass opened up and he was once again able to take the big thick cock. Steve then picked up the pace and soon his hips were slamming into the lovely Sandy. Sandy's curvy ass would jiggle each time Steve thrust into it and Steve loved the effect. He felt his orgasm building again and he knew that he would dump a big load in Sandy's ass. Sandy felt Steve's body stiffen and make one final thrust as Steve buried his cock in Sandy's ass. Sandy looked over his shoulder back at Steve as he felt cum surge into him and he felt Steve's cock throb with each release. Steve was glad that he had been able to cum so much every day and that he only fucked Jeremy once that morning.

Sandy's sphincter involuntarily clenched and unclenched as it massaged Steve's cock and drew every drop of cum from the shaft. Steve kept pressed against his newest lover and let his cock be milked dry. Sandy couldn't hold his position any longer and he collapsed forward on the floor. Steve followed Sandy down and lay on top of Sandy with his cock still buried in Sandy's ass. He felt Sandy's smooth hairless skin against his own and he liked the feeling. Steve remained on top of Sandy until Sandy begged him to get up. Steve didn't realize it but he had been crushing the smaller body. Steve had gotten lost in the moment as Sandy's sphincter tightened around his cock. He then rolled to the side and his softening cock slipped from Sandy's dilated asshole.

Sandy remained on his stomach face down on the floor as he recovered from being thoroughly fucked. Steve looked over at Sandy and he wondered if Sandy had cum. He looked at Sandy's ass and he could see cum oozing from it. Steve was tempted to finger Sandy's asshole and push the semen back in. Steve started by caressing Sandy's curvy smooth ass and then he played with his asshole. Steve pushed his finger into Sandy's cum filled hole. Sandy wiggled his ass in response as Steve played with him.

Sandy then pushed himself up on all fours giving Steve better access. It was then that Steve noticed that Sandy had cum on the floor. He could see the wet spots and he knew it was from Sandy's ejaculation.

"Oh Steve, that was every bit as good as Josh fucking me."

"I'm glad you liked it because I loved fucking your ass."

Sandy had brought some paper napkins with him and he wiped the semen from his ass. He also cleaned up the mess he made on the floor. Steve used a few napkins to wipe his cock clean and then the two teens got dressed. 

"Stay her for a few minutes after I leave," Sandy cautioned.

"I hope we can get together again," Steve whispered.

"You can count on it." Sandy then left the classroom.

Steve waited nearly five minutes before he left. He had only taken a few steps when two others boys passed him in the hall. One was an athletic looking stud like himself and the other boy was a very pretty petite Asian. The athletic looking one gave Steve a look that said beat it. He watched as they went into the classroom and he knew what would transpire there. Steve went back to his dorm room and found Jeremy still in bed but his shorts had been removed and he was sure that Josh did that.

"Hey I got you a couple of donuts," Steve told him and he fished them out of his pocket.

"Thanks, I am hungry now."

"So how was Josh?"

"Relentless like you, my ass needs a break."

"I'll give you a few minutes," Steve teased and then said, "I have to tell you about this cute blonde guy Sandy."

Jeremy listened as he ate the donuts. Steve covered every detail from the time he saw Sandy with Josh until he bagged him in the classroom. Jeremy knew that he would have to meet Sandy. Both boys had erections from Steve's recap but Jeremy was serious about his ass so he gave Steve one of his signature blow jobs. Jeremy jerked off as he sucked Steve and they both came again that morning.

Steve suggested that they get some fresh air so he and Jeremy got dressed and went for a walk around the campus. They encountered other students doing the same thing and Steve spotted Sandy walking with the pretty Asian boy he had seen earlier. He wondered what their relationship was and he also thought that it would be fun to be in bed with both beauties.

"Jeremy, that blonde over there is Sandy the one I told you about earlier."

"I can see why you like him. He is scrumptious. Who is the other one do you know?"

"I don't know his name but I saw him with an upper classman earlier. I know that he was going to pork that Asian."

"Who could blame him? I would love to bed him too."

"The next time I see Sandy, I'll ask him."

"Maybe the four of us could hook up."

"Maybe, you never know."

Steve and Jeremy returned to their dorm room and changed clothes for lunch. Afterward they would study. Go for another walk, eat dinner and study some more before lights out. They had had enough sex for one day and they both slept soundly. Steve fell asleep with the image of Sandy on his mind. He was haunted by the blonde's good looks and he knew that he had to have him again. He hoped that he would see Sandy at breakfast in the morning. 

SUNDAY AND MORE FUN WITH SANDY

The next morning Steve woke up thinking about Sandy. He had enjoyed fucking him and he was already thinking about doing it again. He loved both Jeremy's ass and Sandy's ass. They both had marvelous bottoms that most girls would kill for. Steve was stroking his dick in bed thinking about Sandy and decided to go to breakfast in hopes of finding him. Steve left Jeremy alone and let him sleep in again. He dressed quietly, left the room and headed to the cafeteria. As fate would have it he ran into Sandy on the way to breakfast.

"I was hoping that I would run into you this morning."

"Let's get a quick bite and then you can come to my room. Thai is not there this morning."

"Who is Thai?"

"He's my roommate. That's not his real name. He's from Thailand and we all call him Thai."

"Is he the pretty Asian I saw you with yesterday?"

"The very same, he is a fun lover and he has the cutest little dick you ever saw. Come on let's eat."

Steve and Sandy picked out their food and ate quickly as they were both anxious to get to Sandy's room. Steve wanted badly to fuck the pretty blonde again and Sandy was anxious to feel that big dick in him. Once in the dorm room they shed their clothes in record time and got in bed. Sandy handed Steve a tube of lotion and rolled over on his belly. Steve began to caress Sandy's shapely ass from behind. Sandy felt the lotion running down the crack of his ass just before Steve caught it and pushed it into Sandy's asshole. Sandy felt the welcome intrusion. Steve kept fingering Sandy's ass and applying more lotion until he was able to insert a second finger into Sandy's anus. Sandy groaned with pleasure. Steve fingered Sandy with two fingers until they moved easily in Sandy's ass. Steve next removed his fingers, coated his cock with lotion and added his saliva to make it as slick as possible.

Sandy felt Steve's presence behind him and then he felt the soft mushroom head at the entrance to his ass. Steve pressed forward as the mushroom head squeezed in and Sandy cried out as he was filled with cock. Sandy dipped his head and groaned as the stiff shaft wormed its way into his tight passage and stuffed his rectum. There was the rewarding feeling of fullness in his ass. 

Steve began moving slowly and he was surprised by how much he liked fucking Sandy. In this position he could only see Sandy's ass and it was just like fucking a girl. Steve really got into it and he started caressing Sandy's buttocks again as his cock slid all the way in and out. Sandy had completely adjusted to the cock in his ass and he actually liked the feel of it sliding in and out. Sandy pushed his ass back to receive Steve's cock.

The two young men were now caught up in the act and Sandy began to moan, groan and tell Steve to fuck him. Steve was incredibly turned-on and he felt his release building in his balls. He didn't want to cum that soon as he loved watching his cock slide in and out of Sandy's shapely ass. As much as Steve tried to prolong his ejaculation his body took over and he fired a massive load into Sandy's rectum. Sandy's eyes widened when he felt the surge of Steve's discharge and he instinctively contracted his sphincter muscle around the spurting shaft. Steve pressed forward burying his cock in Sandy's ass and savored the feeling of his release. He remained in Sandy's ass as Sandy squeezed the cock with his sphincter until it eventually softened and slipped out. 

Steve stared for a moment at the ass that he had just fucked as he was thrilled that he had it again so soon. Sandy remained on all fours for a few more minutes as he expelled some of Steve's cum from his anus. Sandy felt the semen ooze from his hole and trickle down the inside of his thighs. The feeling was erotic to Sandy and he now needed to get off. Sandy rolled over on his back and grabbed his erect cock and began to jerk off.

"I need to get off," Sandy rasped.

"Well you can jerk off or we can go see my roommate Jeremy," Steve offered.

"Let's go see Jeremy," Sandy said releasing his cock and jumping up out of bed.

Steve and Sandy got dressed and headed to the other dorm. Jeremy was pleased to see both Steve and Sandy enter the dorm room that morning. He had been thinking about sex and he had missed Steve that morning. 

"Sandy is horny and needs some of your action," Steve said to Jeremy as he and Sandy removed their clothes. 

"I see. Did Steve fucking you get you all excited?" 

Jeremy rolled his naked body over on all fours and wiggled his ass in Sandy's direction. Sandy lubricated Jeremy's anus with the tube that Jeremy handed him and then he hurriedly shoved his cock in Jeremy's ass. Steve walked to the other side of the bed and offered his cock to Jeremy to suck on. Jeremy gobbled up the big dick and he soon had Steve hard in his mouth. Sandy was moving rapidly in and out of Jeremy's ass and was so turned on that he knew he would cum quickly. 

Sandy held Jeremy hips as he drove his cock all the way in and ejaculated in the pretty blonde's rectum. Sandy always had massive loads especially the first one of the day. He flooded Jeremy's rectum and he could feel it coat his cock. Jeremy loved the rush of the warm man seed in his ass and he was rock hard and ready to fuck Sandy. Jeremy told Sandy to get on his back in bed so Sandy pulled out and watched his seed run out of Jeremy's ass.

Sandy got on his back and spread his legs looking forward to another butt fuck. Jeremy lubed his cock and moved into position to fuck Sandy missionary style. Jeremy pushed his cock into Sandy's receptive asshole and held him by the back of his knees. Jeremy leaned into Sandy and began fucking him. Steve watched the two blondes and he got turned on by Jeremy glutes contracting. Steve took the lube and applied it liberally to his big cock. Steve knelt behind Jeremy and eased his dick into the familiar ass.

"Oh God, I love this," Jeremy called out.

Steve let Jeremy do most of the work. As he fucked Sandy he also impaled himself on Steve's cock. Jeremy secretly wished he had a third cock for his mouth as it was his favorite action of all time. He loved having his cock buried in a nice ass while he was getting fucked and sucking on a third dick. The memory of him, Josh, Artie and Donnie passed through his mind. Sandy stayed erect the whole time and his cock slapped against his abs as Jeremy fucked him. Sandy then reached down and took a hold of his dick and jerked off. 

Jeremy came first and Sandy cried out, "Oh yeah, I feel it."

Steve felt Jeremy's sphincter clamp around his cock with each contraction as he ejaculated into Sandy. Steve was the next to cum and emptied his balls into Jeremy's rectum. Sandy was furiously jerking off with urgency to cum again. Steve eased his dick out of Jeremy and watched as Jeremy stayed hard in Sandy's ass and continued to fuck him. Sandy's hand flew over his shaft as Jeremy drilled his ass. Steve watched his seed flow out of Jeremy's ass and run down over Jeremy's balls onto Sandy's buttocks. It was quite a sight.
