 I awoke the next day with a throbbing headache. I was completely naked on top of the covers. The crusty residue of dried cum on my chest and stomach, slapped me into reality. Fuzzy as my head felt, the memory of face timing my asshole neighbor and masturbating for him was all too clear.

What the fuck was wrong with me. How did I ever let that happen? I just went to watch a basketball game for the 100th time with him. Really the only time I could stand him was watching sports. What was in that drink he made? My throbbing head brought that question home. I do remember a massive amount of tequila going into the pitcher. Fuck, my head hurt.

I got up looking at the clock. It was 6:30 Am. I had no Idea what time I got to sleep but it had to be late. I took some aspirin and grabbed my cell phone that was propped up on the dresser from my face time encounter. I looked at the log and it was a little after 1:00 AM when I gave him my little show. What the hell was I going to do. I let that prick get the better of me and now I would have to deal with the consequences. I could not get over the irony of what I just said to myself. I let that prick get the better of me literally. 

The vision of his huge cock dwarfing mine as he rubbed it against mine flashed in my head. How quickly I came all over myself. Shit, there was a lot of cum. I tried to think of something else. I told myself to get up, get a shower, get dressed and get the hell out of here for a while. I climbed in the shower as hot as I could stand it propped my palm on the wall, tilted my head down and let the hot water poor on the back of my head and neck. I closed my eyes and let the heat work on my head and neck. After a few minutes my head began to feel a little better.

The vision of his purple dick head flashed in my head, I remembered my tongue swirling around it, licking my own cum off, as he spoon-fed me with his cock. I opened my eyes and my dick was hard thinking about it. No! No! No! I told myself, I cannot let him have control over me! He is such and asshole. Anyone but him. Where did this come from? Before yesterday I had never given thought to sucking cock and now I am looking at my boner and can't think of anything else. Feeling him in my mouth was like nothing I had ever experienced. 

'Stop thinking about it, and for God's sake if you're gonna have a gay mid-life crisis, find anybody else but him.' I thought. 'Maybe I should masturbate and take the edge off. You already came twice in the last 6 hours. If that didn't take the edge off what would?' 

I finished showering and got dressed, thinking if I did some work e-mails I could distract myself. I wished I could get some more sleep but there was no chance of that.

Feeling a little more human, I decided it would be good for my stomach if I had breakfast. I decided maybe some fruit and a bagel. We had apples and bananas in the basket on the counter. I popped the bagel in the toaster and grabbed a banana. As soon as I gripped it, I thought, his cock is bigger... Disgusted, I put it back and grabbed and apple. I ate and went for my e-mail.

I sat down with my semi hard cock pulsing in my pants. As I got into my e-mails, I quickly got distracted, thanks to one of our Chinese production facilities having an emergency on their second shift. I dove into helping them solve the problem. We had a conference call and came up with a plan of action and I was feeling good. My cock had softened, and my head cleared. Suddenly a text dinged in. 

My heart raced... I looked at the clock it was 8:07AM. Please don't let the jackass next door be awake yet. I figured I was at least good to till 10:00. He was drunk and got his dick sucked he would surely sleep in. It was my wife Candy.

Candy: HI HONEY, HOW ARE YOU TODAY?

Reply: I AM FINE. YOU'RE UP EARLY. TINA DIDN'T KEEP YOU PARTYING ALL NIGHT?

Candy: NO, WE TURNED IN EARLY. GOT TO THE HOTEL, WALKED ON THE BEACH AND WENT TO BED. DID DON BEHAVE?

Reply: DOES HE EVER? THE USUAL. OKC WON THOUGH!

I felt guilty, recalling his dick in my mouth. If Candy ever found out, it would ruin everything. My cock stirred again, and I had to pee. My underwear had a large wet spot from my constant partial erection. I really needed to get back to work so I could get my mind off it.

Candy: I MISS YOU, WE HAVE EARLY MASSAGE THIS MORNING AND THEN THE BEACH. MISS YOU. LOVE YOU

Reply: LOVE YOU TOO. HAVE FUN.

I sighed contemplating my dilemma, when the vision of his purple cock head sliding through my hand sent a wave through my dick. I turned back to my e-mail and started to read, when another text dinged in. Candy must have...it was from Don!

Don: GOOD MORNING SUNSHINE. HOW'S YOUR HEAD? MINE IS THROBBING.

Maybe he was giving me an out...

Reply: NOT GOOD AT ALL. WHAT WAS IN THAT STUFF? I REMEMBER WE WON. AFTER THAT NOTHING.

Don: REALLY? YOU DON'T REMEMBER ANYTHING. HOW CONVENIENT. WHERE ARE YOUR CLOTHES ANDY?

'At your house jackass!' I thought. I tried to act like I did not remember, so I made a poor attempt at humor.

Reply: GOOD QUESTION. TELL ME YOU DIDN'T DATE RAPE ME. LOL 😉. DID WE WATCH PORN? I SEEM TO RECALL NURSES?

Don: NOT BUYING IT ANDY. YOU ARE MY COCK SUCKING BITCH. HERE IS WHAT YOU SURRENDERED TO LAST NIGHT. YOU MAKE IT THIS WAY!

Attached was a picture of his hard cock. The blood rushed into my dick causing me to shift it in my pants. It was a replay of last night. My eyes were drawn to the picture, my heart raced, and my mouth watered. 

Reply: I DON'T KNOW WHAT THE FUCK YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT. YOU ARE A SICK FUCK! GROW UP DON!

Don: I DON'T THINK IT COULD GROW ANY BIGGER ANDY. TIMES A WASTIN'. I SHOWED YOU MINE, NOW YOU SHOW ME YOURS AND THEN COME OVER AND BEG ME BUDDY. I COULD BLOW JUST THINKING ABOUT IT. YOU REALLY WERE THE BEST BLOW JOB EVER. 

I decided not to reply. I stared at the pic with my boner straining in my jeans. I recalled my cock releasing my load, pressed against that huge hot hard beauty. Pre-cum was soaking through my jeans. 

I sat at my desk, trying to think of a way out, but I couldn't even bring myself to delete his picture. Feeling helpless, I decided to jack off, so I could go back to thinking with the proper head. If I came it would help break the hold, he had on me. I pulled my cock out and let it breathe for a moment. It was oozing, and I rubbed the pre-cum off with my fingers, so it wouldn't drip on my pants. I convinced myself that this was for the best. 

A moment later, I realized I was licking my juice off my fingers. I jerked them out, disgusted with myself. The flavor brought back the memory of his taste. I started to stroke myself. When my phone rang. It was Don, face timing.

I was torn. If I didn't answer, he would be relentless. I decided to answer and continue to claim black out. I messed up my hair and tried to look tired.

"What is wrong with you Don? This is not fucking funny dude..." I said sounding groggy. 

I stopped mid-sentence when I saw the face-time image. His phone was held below his balls giving a close-up view of his round ball sack, while he stroked his big juicy cock. His face was in the background smiling his arrogant fucking smile.

"Hey Buddy!" He grinned. "Remember me? I really miss your pretty mouth." 

He bobbed his cock when he spoke like it was talking. I almost smiled when a funny thought popped into my head. He was using his cock as a Meat Muppet!

"Dude, are you still drunk or something?" I asked, looking tired and rubbing my head. "This little shtick is not fucking funny." 

His hairless balls looked huge from this distorted camera angle. I tried not to stare. 

"What the fuck was in those drinks man?" I asked rubbing my head. I can't remember shit after the game ended. I sure as fuck had my clothes on at that point. I'm serious, what happened?

"You're wasting time buddy. Don't be angry with me buddy. I know, I cut you short licking my nuts last night, but I am more than willing to make it up to you this morning. So cut the shit and show me your boner. Then you can come over here and beg to service this beauty. God, it misses your hot mouth. Come on Andy, let's not play the game again. You already surrendered. Come on and show me your boner. It's a great day for a great cock buddy," he said arrogantly. 

I glanced down quickly afraid somehow, he could see my hard-on, and quickly back up, trying not to focus on his shaved nuts. 

"I knew it Andy... Come on, you just looked at it. Take the first step, show me how hard I make you. Then you can come over and take step two buddy. (he squeezed his cock raising it up.) Beg me for it."

"What happened to you man? You are fucking nutty. Are you on drugs or something?" I asked angrily.

"I know I have big balls, but you don't have to call me nutty...Bah dump, bump" he said laughing. "But seriously folks, why are you resisting again Andy? Show me how hard you are. You fucking jacked off for me last night. Oh, hey look buddy... (He squeezed his cock and milked it from the base up. He pointed it straight up zooming in on a big glob of his pre-cum.) Won't you come lick this off for me buddy?"

"I am hanging up now Don," I said disgusted.

I was disgusted that I wanted so badly to suck that pre-cum off his silky purple dick head! I wanted to show him how hard he made me. I wanted to be his bitch! Yet I couldn't stand the sight of him.

"OK Andy, I get it. You choose to live in denial. You could have this beauty every day. There is still time buddy. It's 8:45. If you show me how hard I make you by 9:00, I will leave the door unlocked and wait for you on my bed, totally naked. If you get on your knees and beg for my cum in your mouth, by 9:15, you can be my personal cock sucking little bitch. You already know you are, so stop fucking things up for yourself.

You can already see how hard I get thinking about your mouth on it. No picture by 9:00 and the door locks buddy, no hot wet mouth on my cock by 9:15 and the door closes for good." He said calmly.

I sat there quietly pondering. I told myself, 'You have your out, just hang up and be strong.'

"Look at it, Andy! Think about it pumping my hot cum in your mouth buddy. You could have this every damn day. I promise you, it will stay our secret for as long as you want. Just pan that camera down to your screaming hard-on and show me. Surrender yourself to this awesome cock Andy," he said smiling warmly.

My body was trembling slightly, and my breathing labored, as my thumb hovered over the disconnect button. Blood pulsed through my boner, causing me to look down at it. I could see the head expand and contract slightly as the blood pumped through.

"Come on Andy, show me buddy. Remember how it felt last night, when you let yourself go buddy? You came a fucking gallon...Uuummm!" he sighed. 

The moment he described, replayed in my mind. It was liberating... complete surrender to the unbridled bliss of the most powerful orgasm I've had in years. I could still feel the power of the convulsing waves that emptied my seed, as his powerful hot cock caressed me. I had to have more... I looked down at my oozing rod and turned the camera down showing him his effect on me.

"Oh yes, Andy, you have made the right choice, I am getting harder every minute buddy, hurry over. And make sure you bring your phone," he added hanging up.

I shoved my boner back in my pants, to get to him as fast as I could. My mind reeling as the thought of his hot silky hardness in my mouth was all that mattered. I put my phone in my pocket and practically ran out the back door, through our fence gate and in Don's back door. 

My heart raced like a teenager getting my first hand-job. I walked slowly into his bed room where he lay spread eagle, on his back legs bent at the knees hanging over the end of the bed. He sat up on his elbows, looking at me smiling.

"Come on in Andy, I've been waiting for you. Let's get this day started, off right! What do you say buddy?" he asked smirking.

My eyes were locked on his thick hard cock and that pink hairless nut sack. Knowing what I needed to do to get it, I dropped to my knees, looked him in the eyes and begged for it.

"Please let me taste your cock Donny. Let me lick those beautiful balls and taste your sweet pre-cum. I want to suck that big fucking cock until you feed me your hot jizz. Please don't make me wait any more..."

"Holly fuck, that's hot Andy. Get out of those fucking clothes and show your boner buddy. I want you naked on your knees when you take this cock!" He ordered.

I whipped my shirt off and unbuckled my belt, rolling onto my ass and kicking my shoes off. I wiggled out of my pants and underwear and turned toward the prize.

"Socks too," he commanded. And bring me your phone. I am going to record this for you buddy. 

"Please don't!" I said back up on my knees.

"No, no, don't worry. This will be your copy on your phone only. It's just for you. The ladies will be home next week and I'm sure you'll want to have this for the days, you won't get to do this buddy. Now crawl on over and make my day Andy!" he said smiling widely.

I walked on my knees over to the bed, with my hard-on waving. I focused on his plump ball sack as I leaned in between his legs.

"Hold on a minute Andy," he said firmly. We need to confirm you are sober buddy. Are you stone sober?" 

"Yes!" I said leaning back in. 

He sat up and grabbed me by the hair turning my face to meet his gaze. 

"Do you still think I need to get someone drunk to get laid And," he asked harshly.

My words from last night came back to haunt me. "Some of us don't need to get our wives drunk to get laid." Was my response to his comment about introducing the new drink to the ladies.

"I, I'm sorry," I stuttered. "I was being an ass. I didn't mean it. Please let me suck your cock. I'll make it up to you."

"Do you think you're better than me, Andy?" He asked sternly. 

"No!" I said honestly, as I knelt, begging to suck his cock. "It should be obvious Don. I am on my knees!" 

"Are you saying I'm dumb Andy?" he asked raising his eyebrows.

"No! I didn't say that at all!" I pleaded.

"I'm losing the mood Andy. I think you're an arrogant prick and need to be brought down a peg or two." He said pushing me away.

"How can you say that Don. You just made me crawl on knees and beg to suck your cock!" I replied, confused and wondering what was happening.

"I made you do it? So, you're saying I either must get someone drunk or force them to do it if I want sex. Really Andy? Wow, you are a real prick of a person. You don't deserve to suck this cock buddy. Go home!" He said shoving me back.

He stood up and grabbed a pair of pants that was on the floor next to his bed. He started putting them on. I could not figure out what kind of mind game he was playing now but I needed his cock in my mouth.

"Please, don't be mad. Let me make it up to you please! I know I don't deserve it, but I'll do whatever you like. Look I'm on my knees, begging. Please let me be your cock sucking bitch. I surrender myself to you please! I just want to please that beautiful dick. It's all I can think about. My cock has been hard all day thinking about having it in my mouth. Don't make me go!" I begged looking up at him.

His pants were on and he was bending down for his shirt. He looked over at me and stood back up.

"Are you my cock sucking man bitch Andy?" he asked calmly.

"Yes!" I said emphatically. "I want to service you cock Don, please!"

"Every Day?" he asked, softening his tone.

"Oh yes, please!" I answered emphatically.

"OK Andy," he said in his fatherly voice. "Crawl over and ask me politely if you can take off my pants and service my cock without the fucking arrogant asshole attitude and maybe I will let you. My parents always taught me if you wanted to properly train a bitch, you should rub their nose in it and put them outside. I am gonna try the nicer way," he said crossing his arms.

I walked the few steps on my knees, stopped in front of him and looked up into his eyes.

"Please let me help you take those pants off Don. I have been wanting to kiss your balls ever since your face time call. They looked so big and warm, my cock has been hard ever since. Please let me lick your amazing cock all over. I need to taste it again Don. I can't stop thinking about how good it tastes and how it fills my mouth. Since you showed me your pre-cum my mouth has been watering. My cock is so hard, I can't stand it. Please let me fuck that gorgeous tool with my mouth until you feed me your cum!"

"Damn buddy, that was good. My pants just got a whole lot tighter. Get 'em off for me Andy. Time to eat bitch!" He said smiling.

I reached up and unzipped his pants. His cock was fighting to escape his jeans, and it popped out immediately as I opened his pants. He was commando placing his satiny purple cock head inches from my face. As I pealed his pants down over his small round ass, his time at the gym was evident. I teased his cock with my warm breath while I lowered his jeans. I wanted him to anticipate my mouth as much as I did. I kept my mouth close but did not touch his stiffening cock. It would rise and then drop slightly back as blood pumped into it. Each time it pointed a little higher. I imagined my lips passing over his thick veins as I took him in my mouth. 

My breathing increased while I worked his pants lower. He stepped quickly out of his pants and spun his body away, climbing ass first onto the bed.

"Come and get it cocksucker," he said curling his right index finger in a come-hither gesture. "Give me that phone buddy, you're gonna want to see this later." 

He slid his body onto the bed until his head rested on the pillow. He spread his legs wide exposing his plump pink balls sack. I grabbed my cell phone and climbed on the bed on all fours between his spread tatt covered legs. I reached up, surrendering my phone, knowing this could be a dangerous move. If this ever got out it could crush Candy, but the thought of being able to watch myself service his 8+ inch steaming tool, made my cock throb.

I was in a fog, trying to figure out what had happened to me. 24 hours ago, sucking cock was not something I never even thought about, but now, the thought consumed me. I saw the phone in his right hand filming the action. My tongue contacted his right thigh just above the knee. I traced the line of his tattoo, from the outer thigh upward and inward as I licked. The tat ended three quarters of the way up and I jumped to the left thigh. 

His tats were symmetrical, and I followed the same path up his left thigh. This time I looked up at him meeting his gaze. My hungry eyes seemed to excite him, and he bit his lower lip looking at me.

"Fuck Andy, you are all in. I could cum just seeing that look in your eyes. You really love my cock don't you buddy?" He asked quivering with pleasure.

"Oh yes, it's all I could think about this morning. My cock is throbbing so bad! I need to feel that beast cum again." I said licking past his tat on up his inner thigh.

Somehow the idea of being able to watch this later, on my cell phone made me more excited. I felt like I was living a movie as I slid my knees out straight, settling in between his legs. I rested on my elbow and laid flat on the bed. Maintaining eye contact, I licked closer to the prize. I had to close my eyes, when my throbbing dick pressed against the bedspread. I moaned and pressed my pelvis against it thinking how easily I could cum.

"Damn Andy, are you humping the bed buddy? I'll tell you when toooo! (My tongue reached his balls.) cum... Whoa yeah, about time buddy... Oh, shit lick em baby!" he panted.

I stopped humping as commanded, but also, so I could fully concentrate on servicing his grade A cock. I licked the front of his balls working down. I wanted touch every inch, so I slid my hands down his inner thighs pushing his knees, up and out. This raised his balls giving my tongue access to the underside. I extended my tongue and lapped up the sweaty underside. The taste was salty sweet as I lifted his balls up and they straddled my tongue.
