 Wayne my best friend said, "Hey Dillon, we are invited to an exclusive party, tonight. You can tell your wife there is another business meeting. There will be business men, and might be some exhibitionist celebrities, and young women."

Wayne and myself are upwardly mobile straight men and successful in our careers. Both of us dress well, stay fit, and have nice homes and lovely loving wives. We do a lot of things together including going to the gym, going fishing, having barbeques with our friends and families. I asked Wayne, "Where is it going to be?"

"Near Beverly Hills and West Hollywood."

"Wayne I am concerned someone might recognize me."

"Dillon I have already been thinking about that. I have an idea."

"What?"

"We can wear disguises. I will have sun glasses and a producer like outfit, and with your longer hair you can be a cross dresser and get away with it. We will still be able to drink and have fun. Good thing this is Friday. It is a PnP party and will have a lot of impressive people to meet. PnP stands for party and play Dillon. It is an adult version of a taboo rave party with group sex, and there might be some young actresses there."

"What do you mean by cross dresser Wayne?"

Wayne said, "You know, wear a nice dress and lingerie."

"Where am I going to get something like that, I don't know about this Wayne," I said with reluctance.

"Don't you worry I already have it planned out." Wayne was doing the driving and we stopped at a retail center where we parked at a Lingerie store.

Long story short is that every time I tried to get out of it, Wayne talked me into it. We came out of the store with me wearing a short slinky white dress cut deep in the back and sides, lace leggings covering my leg hair, and pink lace panties and matching bra. He chose a cloth band to tie around the waist to disguise my manhood bulge, and a pair of short heels, and then some perfume. He said, "All you have to do is role play a young wife, or a lesbian, or maybe a sissy gay."

When we got there the party was already going and there were free drinks, dancing, and adult movies playing in every room. Wayne walked me in with an arm around my waist to go along with the disguise, and he whispered in my ear "see you around," before we separated. The conversations were light, and everyone hugged greetings because it was too loud to really talk. Hugging was frequent and often lingering.

My drink was sweet but seemed strong. I drank it fast and went back to the bar tender for more. He said, "My name is Stevie and come and see me for re-fills." My drink may have been spiked because I started feeling euphoric, and the lights seemed to streak a little. The rooms were a little more dimly lit, and the hugs grew even more personal. I didn't mind though because I was having a good time. Gradually it became obvious that the movies playing were more and more erotic, some were showing naked sex, eating pussy and sucking cock.

I stood mesmerized for a few minutes staring at one of the movies showing two well dressed men outside of a club on a patio. One was on his knees sucking the other's cock, and finally held his gay mouth open waiting for the cock he was jacking to spurt in his mouth. His tongue was stretched out in anticipation, waiting and waiting every second for the reward. Unwittingly I had my mouth open I was watching in anticipation so closely. Another man came up from behind, reached around my front with a drink which I took. His hand held me around my stomach, while his crotch fitted my ass crack as he hunched my ass, and his other hand reached under my short hem, and cupped my crotch. About that time the cocksucker on the screen was getting his reward and thoroughly tasting the cum, swishing it around his mouth and licking his lips, then licking and sucking the cock clean. The scene closed with him lovingly sucking the balls and licking all the way behind them.

Then I realized the drink in my hand was already at my lips, and I was swallowing the last of it. The hand that gave it to me was stroking my cock through the soft pink satin lace panties I had on. Then his hand in a gliding motion went under the band and was now touching the skin of my cock. It was an arousing and erotic moment. He gently let his adventurous hand tour every inch of my super aroused ball sack. Incredibly I let him do it. I felt his hand explore my crotch all the way back and side to side to my ass cheeks, and I felt him touch my asshole. Here was a stranger in public touching my asshole, and my wife has never even done that. His hand sensitively massaged back to my cock and started teasing it to a hardness I never remember having before. I still had not seen his face when he started to turn me around, but then as I completed the turn he had gone to his knees and had my dress over his head. With one hand he had pulled my panties down releasing my cock, and with the other hand he was fondling my butt very sexily.

I felt the wetness of his mouth on my cock and he soon had my cock and balls wet and I could feel the coolness of the night air on every bit of my cock and balls. He must have wet his finger on the other hand as I could feel a little wetness and the cool air up my ass crack.

While that finger explored he was sucking my cock with more teasing and playing it up and down and with the other hand, pushing on the base of my root making it stand higher. His finger pushed on my asshole teasingly and then I realized he had worked it all the way into my butt. That finger was spiraling, and tantalizing my butt hole while his tongue danced on my cock head alternating with deep plunges in the back of his throat. My cock head was starting into his throat when suddenly I exploded a blast of cum lubricating his throat and my cock slid all the way in. He pulled the head out of his throat and let the last spurts shoot in his mouth, dripping off the roof of his mouth onto his tongue. In his state he feverishly tasted the cum, after all it was his first time and kind of special.

My mystery man pulling his finger out of my ass making me grunt, then turned and left. He left my panties showing around my knees. He turned as he got up and I never saw his face.

The movies had gotten more and more raunchy, and I could see almost every patron was dancing, petting, or having sex. Many appeared to be bisexual. I was feeling euphoric and needed another drink. I went to see Stevie the bar tender.

Stevie had me come around to the back of the bar counter and around the corner. It was almost out of sight of other patrons. "Sit on this stool right here. Here drink this," and he handed me a glass. "Drink it straight down." I swallowed continuously until it was gone. It was later when I learned he had spiked the drink with meth. I sat there on the stool in my dress feeling a little woozy. I guess my eyes weren't adjusted yet, and suddenly I saw he had taken his cock out and was rubbing it on my lips. I could taste the precum. I don't know why I didn't object, except I was feeling euphoric and uninhibited. I just took it as a new experience. Stevie took a finger and opened my mouth enough to stick his cock in. "Don't let it hit your teeth." I had to concentrate on that statement for a minute, then realized his cock was gliding through my lips. "Lick the dick head." I started licking.

Another patron walked by and saw this cock almost all the way in my mouth. He looked at me casually and kept going. This was my first time sucking another mans cock, and I was humiliated, but not for long.

I had never had a man's cock in my mouth and was savoring the experience. I don't know how long it took but his cock swelled and he pushed the cock toward the back of my mouth. Suddenly he squirted cum in the back of my throat. I could feel his cum vein pulsing on my lower lip and tongue as he jerked with each cum shot. Stevie was holding my head by the hair, and he left the cock in my mouth for a long time while it slowly started to relax, but it never got soft. I held the cock in my mouth a long time, tasting it and getting used to the feel of it in my mouth. I had a lingering taste of cum, and had not swallowed it all, yet. It was my first time sucking cock, tasting cum, and swallowing cum.

Stevie took me into the office room, and bent me over the back of a low sofa. He pulled my dress up over my ass, and pulled my pink panties down. He felt of my ass and crotch, saying I needed lotion or I would get sore pretty soon. "Relax." 

I relaxed in place with my ass in the air. Stevie produced a needle and said, "There will be a little sting, don't worry about it." He stuck the needle in me, and I found out later it was crystal meth. Stevie started rubbing the "lotion" on me. "This is an edible personal lube that had a tropical taste and smell." Stevie worked the lotion over my cock and balls, and from his finger into my asshole. It felt soothing. I just relaxed and let him work the lotion into my asshole, taking his time. I could feel he was moving my asshole around in various but soothing ways. "Stay relaxed." I felt a knob pushing on my asshole and felt it twist around moving side to side, then up and down. It went up another time and then I felt him push it downward very slowly changing to a push inward, very slowly.

He held it in place for a while until he felt me relax. Then he pulled it out slowly and pushed it back in. This feeling of in and out felt very good and personal. His stomach against my ass felt good, and I could feel his balls rub my crotch. I could feel every pubic hair tingle, and each of his pubic hairs felt like an exotic ticking massage. As he started to pump, he ran his fingers up and down my ass crack, pushing against the firmness of the sides of my ass crack. Stevie rubbed the lotion all over my ass cheeks, bottom and fondled every bit of my back side occasionally running a finger all the way up my spine to the hair on the back of my neck and sticking a finger in my mouth so I could taste the lotion. I reached under and fondled his balls out of erotic curiosity.

As he fucked my ass he reached around my waist and stroked my cock. Due to the drugs I might not ejaculate again but it felt very good. When his hand went all the way down it pushed my balls back and as he pumped my ass his balls would rub against mine, giving me a thrilling feeling. He began to push his cock all the way in until the base of his cock was all the way in and I could feel his pubic hair against my ass. Pushing and holding it there he started winding it around, and I could feel his cock head moving around in my gut, sometimes pushing on my prostate.

Finally he clinched up and pulled my waist against him and I could feel his cock jerking in my asshole, stretching it and pumping cum strongly. It was an amazing feeling and experience. He held it in place for a while and then let it squeeze out of me. He left me draped over the sofa with my ass in the air, and my panties had slid all the way to my ankles by now.

Before I got collected enough to get up, another man came up behind me, and started putting some more lotion in me. It felt good so I just remained in place. A minute later I felt another cockhead entering my behind. This one was not as slow and gentle, but started pumping right away. I could feel him getting more rigid, and I clamped my ass hole on him every stroke. His pace slowed down and he pushed all the way in. He slapped and spanked my ass. He fondled my ass with strong squeezing, pulling and pushing my cheeks. When he was all the way in, I clinched as hard as I could and this caused him to violently cum. He waited until all the cum had squeezed into my ass, pulled out and wiped his cock in the crack of my ass, and the back side of my balls. He spanked my ass one last time and pulled his pants back up. I could feel cum dripping down my ass cheek to my leg. It felt like some had dripped onto my ball sack.

Another patron came by and re-adjusted my position by sticking his fingers in my ass and roughly lifting me up by the asshole to move me into a better position. He was rough and started fucking me and must have been on meth because he never came, just kept fucking. He felt of my whole torso, sides, ass, and held my tits. He grabbed my hair while he fucked my ass. Wiping his cock head on my ass when he had enough I could feel drips of precum trailing on my ass cheeks.

I don't know how many times I was fucked that night, but I remember being back in the main room sitting on a foot stool. Some guy on hands and knees came around from behind and dropped his head over my cock. He sucked on it, and licked my cock and balls, lifting one of my legs to access my asshole and lick it. He crawled away and when I looked around and back, apparently the same guy came back around and unzipped in front of me. I saw bright gold monogrammed lettering on his underwear as he started to face fuck me. He made me lick and suck his balls, he turned around so I could taste his ass and lick it all over, and up and down his crack teasing and rimming his asshole. It was fascinating to do this and pleasure another man, seeing what he likes. Then he turned around and finished face fucking me, leaking some cum but never getting off in my mouth. He was still hard so he turned me over the stool forced my knees apart to make my ass arch, tested my asshole with his fingers, then he plunged his cock straight in. He felt of my ass, and spanked me a few times. After fucking my ass good for a while he got up and left me draped over the stool with my panties below my knees. I had the most incredible feelings.

There were videos playing gay sex with incredible cum shots being swallowed and amazing deep anal sex. The anal sex was in various positions, missionary, extreme arched backs, rolled up on shoulders, and standing. "Hi babe," a lesbian came up to me. She whispered in my ear, "You look so sexy in that dress, and I can see your beautiful panty lines." As she was whispering in my ear she straddled her pussy on my leg pulling her skirt up so it was only her thin panties between her clit and my slinky dress. She gently humped her clit. "You feel so good!" She let a hand drift over my butt, then under the hem to feel my panty covered ass. "Nice ass!" she said. She explored my ass then brought her hand up and hugged me, while she started kissing my neck. Her other hand reached under my dress in front. She was still humping my leg. Her hand traveled my panties and discovered the contours of my cock and balls, feeling them sensationally. "I thought so," she said as she started stroking my cock.

Without asking, she got on her knees in front pulled my dress over her head and started kissing my cock and balls all over, then pulled my panties down and sucked my cock. She loved the taste of the tropical edible lube on my cock. With hand motions she got up and invited me to lick her cunt, right there in the middle of the room. I did so, pulling down her panties and giving her great clit treatment with my tongue and lips. Her pussy smelled great, and I licked her lips inside and out and down to her vagina tasting her pussy juice. I licked all the way back to her asshole which had some gape and I stuck my tongue in it, twisting it around, in and out, and licking the rim and all around it, kissing her cheeks, and licking back up to her clit. 

She said, "I want you," and turned around bending over to give my cock access to her asshole. She must have already been lubed and she guided my cockhead to her small gaping asshole. It was small so I pushed a little so it wouldn't slip out of place. Once the head started in just a little, she expanded her asshole and pushed back. I was surprised when my cockhead slid in but had some more resistance making a tight squeeze, patiently she kept pushing back, and I had to push forward to keep from losing my balance. Soon my cock went all the way in, and I could hear a very sexy groan from her. 

Pumping slowly to get all the sensations, I felt her hand come up from underneath and massage my balls. I was fucking her ass for a while when I felt a man's hand under my dress feeling my ass. Soon I felt a cockhead at my back entrance and felt it push in. With the meth I didn't cum but continued to stay hard and just kept fucking enjoying the feeling of my cock being massaged and clinched on, as it went in and out of her asshole. She must have been enjoying it as well because she had many pleasant groans, and motions of her ass. At the same time I was getting a double sensation with the other man's cock playing my asshole, spiraling in and out, and moving side to side, and then up and down humping. Timing it so I would not slip out of her ass, I clinched and humped my asshole on the cock in me.

Soon after, I went back to Stevie. Now after having another dose I was feeling very happy and intensely enhanced. Off to the side of one room I found a young woman voyeur, who was staring at one of the gay videos in shock. Apparently she had never been to a party like this and had never been exposed to open sex. She may have had meth in her drink, as she hugged me and clung to me letting her body rub on me. I could see she had a wedding band. She did not realize I was a man and let me hug her for security. She let my hand travel down her back as we hugged. She continued to stare at the shocking sex on the video.

I continued to let my hand rove in a consoling and comforting way. As my hand came up her sides I let it brush the sides of her breasts, and then the underside of her breast, testing her acceptance and to see if she was getting turned on. I kissed her neck and could feel her body was getting hot. I let my tongue travel a little way toward her breast, but stopped. Meanwhile I let my hand travel down her side until it was down the side of her thigh. I let it rub her leg lightly and as I drew it up I let the hem of her skirt disguise the position of my hand until it came up the curve of her bottom. She didn't complain or try to remove my hand so I continued to let my hand lightly travel up and down her butt until she let it go down her cheeks with her skirt as cover. When my hand traveled down her crack and to the hem of her dress, on the upward movement I brought the skirt up with my hand so she had the feeling of the skirt moving on her ass, but I left a finger dangling below the skirt and as I raised her skirt my finger came in contact with her butt cheek. She seemed to like it. When my finger reached the band of her panties I let it slip inside her panties and travel toward her asshole and vagina. I could feel the heat of her asshole.

My finger continued to explore until it was at the edge of her vagina. Slowly I rubbed and teased the perineum and around the outside of her pussy. I enjoyed the softness and firmness of her crotch. I could feel her pubic hair and teased the hair. Very lightly I let my finger reach the very edge of her vagina and just started lightly rubbing the outer edges all around at times almost letting the finger slip in. I could feel some pussy juice starting to trickle out and used it to lube the outer edges. She was getting hotter and her pussy was making motions as if to try to capture my finger. 

With my other hand I teased the light hairs at the back of her neck, and unfastened the top of her dress. I unzipped her dress enough that as I licked her neck it started to fall off her shoulders. I kept licking until I was licking the tops of her breasts. I managed to unfasten her bra and let the straps fall off her shoulders. Finally my tongue got to her nipples. My tongue played her nipples. I placed her hand to the back of my head to hold it in place, while her dress and bra fell all the way to the floor. She was wearing some very nice print panties. I was licking and teasing her nipples while one hand traveled to her panties and lightly rubbed the outer parts of her mound, and once brushed across her clit sideways, causing her to shudder. My other hand was still playing the edges of her wet pussy and she had dripped juices into her panties in plentiful quantities.
