 I was feeling pretty stupid. I had missed the last bus home and had been sitting outside of a convenience store. I had just turned 21 a few months before. Calling for a ride home wasn't an option, and I didn't have the money for a taxi. I was smoking a cigarette looking skyward wondering how long I had left till it started raining. 

Then I noticed this guy in his late 40's staring at me. It wasn't the best part of town so I was a little concerned but didn't think I had anything anyone would want to steal. He came up to me and said I looked miserable sitting there. I told him what the situation was. "You need anything and you should just ask" he told me. 

"Like what?" I asked.

"Anything that would make you feel better." he said. 

I thought shit this guys just trying to sell me something. 

"I walked over here to buy some beer, if you will help me drink it back at my motel room it's on me. If you don't want to stay long you can leave at any point. I'm not a bad guy, I just don't like the idea of you freezing to death when I've got a nice big room a couple blocks away."

"I thanked him and said that I would go with him."

Wait here and he would be back he promised. I was nervous, I wasn't sure but it felt like he was looking at me a little funny. I didn't find men especially attractive, and was afraid he was going to expect something from me for letting me stay in his warm room. But after he walked into the store I ran out of options it started raining hard. 

"You can get dry back at the room." he promised. And he had been telling the truth, he had a room and was staying alone. 

"Can I see your ID, then you can have a beer."

That seemed like a fair request. I showed him and got my beer in return. 

I had only taken two drinks when he asked, "Your not a cop are you."

I couldn't help but laugh,"I am defiantly not a cop."

"You think you can prove it for me?"

"How do I do that I showed you my ID already?

"You do something they would never do, then I do the same." he suggested. 

I was at a loss. Truth is I did want to stay where it was warm, but I couldn't think of any way to prove to him I wasn't a cop.

"Well we need to get you dried off, you can't sit on the bed that wet, here is what I propose you take off your sweatshirt and pants and go take a shower and warm up." and the way he said it was reassuring me that he wasn't going to murder me. I wondered if this might not just be a nice guy trying to help a fool who got caught out in the rain. But I remembered how he said anything he could help me with and thought that had sounded a little too friendly. The guy was thinner and slightly shorter than me, and I didn't feel threatened physically. I don't even know your name sir, you know my name from my ID. Inviting me to your room like you did was really cool of you. Most men I've met would laugh at a guy in my position not try to help them."

"It's Michael, and yes Justin I did see your name. This is my ID. 'I'm not from this area I came for work and am flying home Sunday night, he said he could even show me his plane ticket home. I looked and he was from Washington but a city I was unfamiliar with. His plane ticket was a direct flight into Seattle, 10 PM Sunday night. Just over 48 hours left in Eugene. I thanked him for showing me his papers. 

"Meaning you no disrespect sir, but by offering me a beer and shower and a chance to dry off are you you know?"

"Justin I'll be honest with you I am a bisexual, and you are the type of guy I like. But I don't expect anything from you because of the beer or the shower."

"I'll do it."

"Good," he said as I stripped off the layers of soggy clothing. 

"Wait," he said and followed through on his promise stripping down himself. "Are those wet?, he asked pointing at my boxers. If you hang them on the outside of the doorknob I'll put them by the heater too. Take your time and a beer."

I thanked him for the second beer and went in to shower up. I was a little nervous but took him up on the offer to dry my boxers. I had worn them all day long waiting hours for a girl to meet for a date and they were pretty wet too. I wondered if he would smell them. I ad had only one less than perfect experience with a guy. 

I thought about that encounter as I showered. Fishing with the son of one of my mom's friends. I was 18 then and he'd bought the beer that day too. He'd had some weed too. I'd never had both at the same time before and I ended up making a deal to suckered him and he would return the favor and had suggested he thought his girlfriend might be into a threesome. I'd never had any prior sex so didn't quite know what to expect. 

The fish were safe by noon. He had me drinking early, and around noon I said OK I'll try. 

We left our poles by the creek and walked into the brush. There was nobody around and I probably could have done it by the water. He had brought a blanket, this was well planned. He took his pants down after I sat beside him. He had me lay between his legs pants taken off and he' xgot this 8inch uncircumcised cocktail hard as hell. He' s wanting a good blow job, and I've promised to try. 

I've seen his girlfriend and she' s hot enough to be a model. So 'I'm pretty nervous to begin with but his promise to return the favor and especially to talk to his girlfriend are my motivation. He told me not to pull back on the foreskin of his cock, saying that will hurt him and ruin my chances with his girlfriend. 

I took every direction he gave and was gentle and received a mouth full of very salty cum. 

hadn't worked out with that guy at all. Whatever he said he would do he wanted 10 them from me for every 1 I got in return. I was supposed to get a call from him but that never happened. 

I had had such high hopes of that night I met Michael. I drank the second beer as fast as I could. The shower felt so good. I felt like I was going to be given another opportunity with a guy if I let it happen. I touched myself in the shower remembering what had happened in the past. 

I wasn't in the shower long I felt better when I walked out of the bathroom. He asked if I felt better and I told him that I did. He told me to put my empty bottle in the box and take another and sit on the bed. I sat near the foot of the bed. 

"Tell me how I can make this I easier for you?, Michael asked. 

"'I'm not sure. Your nice and I would be stranded in the rain without your kindness. I want to do something for you."

"The first thing you can do for me is move up here to the head of the bed."

He was under the covers of the bed. On my third beer already I told him about the fishing trip and what I had done and that I had thought about it in the shower. If he was really serious when he asked if there was anything I needed. 

I did mean what I said earlier, he touched me then for the first time rubbing my shoulders. I told him that I wanted to suck his dick because of the way he had treated me. 

He told me he would love it if I'd give him head. I confessed then that I was really nervous and that I wanted to do it sooner than later because he deserved it and I felt just then like I might have chickened out. 

"He pulled the covers down bearing his already hard cock." all I ask is that you be very gentle with it. 

"I promise"

I leaned forward and took hold of it and it was so erect I had to pull it up so that I could suck it.."

But he stopped more when I moved started to how er my head to start. 

"I need to ask before we do this is there any chance that you will let me top you. "I want your ass more than I want anything in this world. Have you ever thought about trying something like that?"

I might have considered myself straight at that point but I also had to conceded that I didn't like my chances in either near or long term as a heterosexual. I had thought about anal sex before, and to be the one thing somebody else wanted most in the world made me feel special. I thought I can still lose my virginity tonight just in a different way. 

"I have thought about it before, but I'm not ready if you know what I mean."

"Your closer to ready than you know."

"What do you mean," I asked.

"Meaning all you need to do is try to go, I'm not going to freak out over a little dirt. There' s a shower we can both clean up in afterwords." Hearing him say it that way all I could think was man he must really want me. 

"I'm willing to try."

"Good Justin, you in good hands with me" he sais. "My trip just got a lot more interesting"

"Let's try and get you loosened up before we start. Drink another and put your cigarettes on that table over there. It's a smoking room and it will help you relax. I got up and brought the beer and my cigarettes back to the bed. He put a large towel he had obviously brought with him on the bed. I layed down like he said and drank my beer. 

He started on my lower back oiling me up getting me relaxed all the way down to my backs of my legs. He told me he brought some gloves, he put them on and touched the one spot he'd left alone until then. He had me spread my legs apart. He oiled up the glove and started exploring my ass. Found the hole and started rubbing oil into it further and further making noises of appreciation. 

"I'm going to put one finger in to get the lube started into you." He told me to light a cigarette and try not to resist. I did as I was told and he started. One finger and he said "yeah that's perfect just the way it is."

"Justin will you let me use a little of this?" he handed me a little tube of something. I read it and it said something about numbing and relaxation. I said sure and so he opens it and apples some. 

He handed me another drink saying I would need it. I could feel the lotion doing it's thing, and the beer. And then he offers me some bud and I say yes. 

"This first time is the hard one. It's just like a girls cherry, a little pain then you will start to love it. You still want to do this don't you?

"Yes I want to try." I assured him.

"And I'm going to try to be as gentle as I can with you. But I tend to finish hard."

He was getting ready to get on top of me. had the pillow ready, and said, "you can go." 

"He says alright" and straddles me he puts more oil on both of us. Between the sharp point of his cock and the hand guiding it he had it right next to my ass hole. "He tried acouple times to slide in gently into me but it kept sliding out of the hole. 

He was getting frustrated, and I was starting to realize it wasn't going to be easy fitting him inside me. "Well I can get it in you Justin, but you may not like me afterward."

I pulled the pillow closer and said, "do what you have to."

With my face buried in the pillow moaning, He forced it in and with a few hard strokes had the entire shafts buried in me. Then he stopped and asked if I was OK. I said I was fine. 

"Lay still for me, I doubt if it takes me more than a minute once I get going hard. "The best thing to do would be to just give it to you hard get you broke in a little and then next time make it last longer. You ready for that."

"Yes." and I put my face back into the pillow. 

I can tell it's coming quick, he's pounding me into the mattress mercilessly, and I realize I've been resting and I lay perfectly still for him. That seemed to be the signal he was waiting for because he started pumping it into me and I felt a wave of heat behind me. Then I felt what he was doing, he was shooting warm Jets of Cum into me. I came onto his towel, and he left his cock in me for a few minutes until late his erection faded. 

"How to you feel now" he asked. 

"Warm, and very tired."

"You go to sleep I could fuck you all night long but I can tell that was a good first lesson for you. I would really like I it if you would stay here with me till my flight. Now that I know you can be trusted fully I can tell you a secret. I would have paid to do that, quite a bit of money. What I'm trying to say is when were done I will make sure your well taken care of." 

"Sleep on it and tell me your answer in the morning." Michael said. 

I was too tired to do anything at that moment but start to accept that I had something somebody wanted and in the morning I would have to make a decision.