 Editor's note: Is there any limit to one's fantasies? I try to go to the limit and image experiences much different from normal. Hope you can let yourself go and enjoy the odd but, I hope, fascinating take on fetishes, submission and strange desires. 

*****

It's hard to understand how or why I found myself in such a situation. I felt I was a normal young man. I love woman and sex, and was always horny. I masturbate often and have a pretty wild imagination. 

However, one day in July things went sideways. I was 21 at the time and trying to get from Newark, NJ to Erie, PA. With little money and no car, my options were limited. I decided to hitchhike and made my way to route 80, a major East/West highway. I had the thumb up for about 20 minutes when this eighteen-wheeler pulled over and the passenger door swung open. I ran up to the cab, grateful to be getting out of the heat, threw my bag on the floor of the truck, grabbed the handle bar and stepped up to the seat. 

"Hey, thanks for stopping," I said.

"You're welcome son, where are you headed?"

"Trying to make my way to Erie, hope to get a job there," I answered.

"You're in luck, my second stop will be in Erie. Buckle up and we'll get going, by the way, my name is Lars."

"Nice to meet you Lars, my name is John."

"Well good to meet you as well, John."

When I looked at Lars, I found a pleasant looking guy, I would estimate to be around 50 years old, about 5 feet 8 inches tall, a bit overweight perhaps. His shirt collar was open so I could see he was a hairy guy. He had a big smile on his face that immediately made me feel at ease.

It was great to hear that I had a ride all the way to my destination so I sat back as he pulled out into traffic and headed west. There was country music streaming from his XM equipped radio, not that I dislike country, but, after a while, it started to drive me crazy. I ask if he wouldn't mind me finding a good station, one we both might like and he agreed.

"Don't want you to be uncomfortable John, put on anything you like."

I tuned into my favorite station, 'The Bridge' and was enjoying the classic rock as we crossed through the Delaware Water Gap and continued west. I was reading a magazine I had brought along and had just finished It, so I put it back in my pack.

Lars noticed and told me there was some reading material in the door compartment, I should help myself. I reached into the pocket and found about five magazines. Looking though them, I noticed one magazine called 'Thruster'. It was obviously a gay magazine, the picture on the cover showed two men engaged in anal sex. It took me back and I quickly returned it to the door pocket. He saw my quick movement and notice my reaction.

"Sorry about that, a friend of mine gave it to me as a gag gift, never got rid of it."

"No problem," I said, "just wasn't expecting to see that."

"Hell, I only glanced at it," said Lars, "it's amazing to see some of the things two men will do to enjoy each other, Me I'm a ladies man, I can't see the attraction."

"I don't judge," I said, "it's a personal choice; to each his own, anyway, I've seen guys with nicer bodies then some woman I know."

I don't know why I said that, but in the locker rooms I've seen many of my fellow students naked and their bodies, especially their asses were as lovely as some of the girlfriends I've been with. I admit I've always been an ass man. 

I thought I had a nice ass but was always embarrassed about the lack of hair on my body, though I found many women preferred it that way. I was six feet in height, around a hundred and fifty-five pounds, considered attractive with sandy hair and hazel eyes, favoring towards green. I work out and am proud of the results. All in all, I felt very secure in my body.

Thinking out loud I said, "I've never desired after men but I have always liked butts and enjoyed when I could look at a few now and then."

Lars laughed at my openness, "I hear you, but a woman has all the other nice parts, isn't that the truth?"

"You bet," I answered.

We talked for a while about everything and anything. He mentioned that he lived on the road and the only 'home' he owned was not a home but about five acres of field and woods midway through PA, right off route 80. It was given to him, inherited really, and he didn't know what to do with it. 

We were driving for a while and it was getting near midday. We decided to stop at the next service area. 

We went inside, purchased a hamburger and fries and took a seat at an outdoor patio table. At one point, Lars looked up from his burger, "I was thinking about what you said, it seems to me that the ass is your favorite part of the body."

"Not my favorite, but I do think it is sexy and if I had to choose, well maybe."

"I don't blame you, it is a real turn on, for a lot of folks, I understand."

Without thinking I said, "I've read that the anus is a pleasure zone and I believe that." I didn't go further, and I didn't understand why I mentioned it. "Sorry," I said.

Looking surprised, Lars said, "Don't be sorry for feeling that way, I find that part of the body to be attractive as well, in fact, I've always went for the ass."

I was surprised that he admitted that, but it didn't seem to bother him, he just kept going. "I hope you won't think less of me, because I've indulged my ass fetish over the years."

"Really, ass fetish?" 

"Yea, but I don't talk about it much at all. I'm alone and it kind of happened. Guess it's my strange obsession. I don't mind telling you, I feel you would understand and not judge me."

"Thanks, I appreciate your trust. If that's what you enjoy, that's fine. You seem like a nice guy and you should enjoy yourself, doing whatever turns you on."

Lars said nothing, just smiled at me. I could tell he was alright and it was comfortable to be around him. 

We had finish eating and got back on the road. It was only 1:30 in the afternoon, and the day was bright and warm.

Before we left we picked up some food for later. 

We had left the service area when Lars looked at me and said, "would you like to see my collection of pictures?"

The question puzzled me and I asked, "what collection?"

Encouraged by my interest, he continued, "When we were eating I told you about me indulging my ass fetish, remember?"

"Oh right, I'm afraid to ask, what fetish?"

"I've met a lot of people on the road. Some were quite attractive. Well sometimes I came out and ask if I could take a picture of their ass."

I laughed at that one, "They let you take a picture of their backside, why would they do that, did you pay them or something?"

Lars seemed nervous that he told me. "No, no, no nothing like that. I wouldn't insult them by paying for it, if they were offended, I would drop it."

"Sorry, I didn't mean to sound upset, I was surprised. It isn't every day you hear about people exposing themselves to be photographed. I don't think so."

"I can prove it," Lars said, "the picture album is right under the glove compartment, on that shelf."

I reached for the album and opened it. There were several pictures of young guys in different stages of undress all showing off their ass, in several different poses. Some pictures had a close-up of an asshole. The pictures were taken outdoors in what looked like a clearing in the woods. I was in about three pages when Lars interrupted and ask, "Well do you believe me now, I wasn't bullshitting you. Quite a collection, isn't it?"

I had to admit it was something else, never thought I would see something like this. Before I closed the book, I notice two of the individuals were young women. "I see you talked some girls into showing off, good for you." Those pictures turned me on. Both had lovely asses.

"You don't think less of me, do you?"

There was the concern again, what could I say, there wasn't anything too outrageous about the pictures, it certainly was a fetish of some kind. "Hey, no it's fine, just different. It's hard to understand how you got the pictures but you did." 

"It took a while," Lars said, "it is a help on those lonely nights. I confess I masturbate using those pictures. I appreciate each one of them for letting me take those shots and keep them."

"That was certainly nice of them," I said with a of a smirk. I quickly put the album back on the shelf. 

I wasn't too uncomfortable, but we were talking a lot about sex and I was somewhat concerned with that direction. I know these long-haul truckers like to fuck around on the road, pick up a hitchhiker or someone at a rest stop and get a blow job or fuck some ass. That wasn't my problem. I hoped Lars didn't expect anything from me. He knew I'd find that magazine and probably talked me around to looking at the album, but he should know it's not my scene. 

We continued to drive without talking, Lars humming along with the radio while I continued reading a magazine. After some time, Lars turned to me and said, "I've got to take a break, relax and eat the food we bought." I didn't reply, only smiled. I was on guard.

Lars continued, "my first delivery is off the next exit, which is up the road from the land I own. After the drop-off, we can make a quick stop there, eat and be on our way to Erie."

We pulled into a distribution center and Lars backed the rig up to one of the empty bays. He put on the breaks, shut the engine and went inside. 

While he was in the warehouse and I was sure he'd be awhile, I reached for the album and started looking at the photographs closer. I had to admit the pictures got me horny. I noticed some close ups showed a finger touching an asshole and one with a small dildo inserted. That they allowed him to take a picture was one thing, but getting physical, well that was something else. How did he get so far?

Anyway, I heard the goodbyes so I quickly put the photographs away just as Lars opened the door.

Lars said, "Well that's done, everything's in order, let's take a break, what-da-ya say?"

I only nodded as we pulled out of the parking lot and turned right to drive further up the road heading, I assumed, to his parcel of land. 

"My place is right up ahead, thought you might be interested in seeing it. I have a picnic table and it's private and a beautiful spot."

"I don't mind, as long as we can rest, eat and be on our way." I hoped he would get the message, not me not this guy.

We came up to a dirt road, Lars slowed down and turned in. In low gear and with brush scrapping along the sides of the trailer, we drove on, for what seemed like, a quarter of a mile. At last the trees and bush cleared and there was a field about a half-acre in size. I could see where the rig had used the space to turn around, as the truck had worn a circle in the field. Up ahead on the right was a small area shaded by trees with a picnic table and benches. I had to admit it was a nice place.

Lars pulled the rig up near the table, set the air brakes and shut the engine. We both got out of the truck with our snacks and sat down at the table, Lars also had a small carry bag with him. We still had two hours of light so there was no rush.

"Do you like it?" Lars asked.

"What's not to like, it's beautiful here, so why didn't you build something?"

"I'm never around much, makes no sense to build and not use it. I come here when I can and take a few minutes to enjoy the peace and quiet."

It made sense to me, so I let it drop. I sat and ate in quiet enjoying the down time. 

While I sat eating, I couldn't help thinking about the situation I was in. I had the strong feeling Lars was looking for something and I let him drive me a quarter of a mile into the woods, not to smart. When I had looked at the pictures, it did get me horning, something I know he planned, but I've never entertained any sex with a man. I was scared thinking about it and was hoping I wouldn't have trouble finishing up, getting in the truck and leaving. 

When we were done, I collected the garbage, mine and his, and stuffed it in the bags we brought. We both got up and I headed for the truck.

Lars wasn't moving so I stopped and looked back at him.

"Aren't we going?" I said.

"Yes, in a minute. I'd like to talk, why don't you sit down for a minute more?"

I Immediately felt a rush of blood fill my groin and my face. I didn't want to deal with this and couldn't understand why it repelled me and at the same time aroused me, something I wasn't about to admit. "Can't we talk on the way, why waste time?"

"You know John, I enjoyed traveling with you. You're down to earth and a nice guy, I wanted to get to know you better and relax." 

Flattery, what next. "Thanks Lars, I'm glad you feel that way, but we should be going."

"I know, sit down, let's unwind a while longer, it's a long drive yet."

"Ok, a few more minutes won't kill me," I said as I sat down on the bench opposite him.

"You know John, you have to learn how to relax, take it easy, you're so uptight." 

"I'm not uptight, I'm only in a hurry."

"I don't think that's all of it. I think you're nervous because we are in the middle of nowhere and you think I'll push you into allowing me to take some pictures, admit it," Lars said, "anyway why would it be such a big deal, I never show a face, it's only a picture for me, after all I'm giving you a free ride through two States, it's a small favor to allow me to take a picture, don't you think?"

There is was, out in the open. I didn't move for a moment, trying to figure this out. I know it's not a big deal to let him take his picture. Snap, it's done and we would be on our way. He's right about it being a small favor, but it would be a big step for me to do something like this. I'm not embarrassed, but I am shy and would feel very exposed and vulnerable, especially in the middle of the woods. However, when I spoke I found myself saying "why not, what can it hurt."

That brought a big smile to his face and all he said was "great."

"How are we going to do this?" I asked.

"You can stand there and drop your pants, I'll take some pictures, that's it." 

This was unthinkable only a day ago.

I unbuckled my belt and put my hands in the elastic top of my shorts and with both hands and with one motion slipped both my pants and shorts down to my knees. I could feel the elastic slip over my ass and the cool breeze reaching my skin. It gave me goose bumps all over. I rolled my tee shirt up to my chest to give him an unobstructed view. 

In a sudden show of modesty, I reached back and covered my ass with my hands. I was all too aware of my exposure and how it must look to him. It was too late to get out of this.

"John, you look so cute covering your ass like that, but you can move your hands. You have a lovely ass and should be proud of it." he said with a short laugh.

I meekly said, "Thanks Lars," and moved my hands away.

After a few seconds, I heard several clicks of a camera. All Lars said was "very nice."

I didn't say anything, only acknowledged his comment with a nod of my head. I know he appreciated what I was doing for him.

I began to reach for my pants when I heard a crunch as Lars took a few steps over the grass. Suddenly I felt his hands on the cheeks of my ass. It sent an electric charge through me, totally unexpected. He was massaging my ass, feeling me up, rubbing, squeezing, and enjoying. I stood there and didn't move, letting him feel me. I didn't know what to do. "Beautiful," was all he whispered.

After a minute or so, Lars said, "I hope you're not upset with me, I couldn't help it."

I started to say, "Lars, I don't ..."

"I know," Lars interrupted, "Calm down, don't worry, relax, believe me you look wonderful standing there, so willing."

I didn't know what he meant by 'willing' but why I stood there waiting for him to finish, I can't answer.

With his hand on my ass, he came close to my ear and softly said, "John, I need to see you naked, without a stitch of clothes on. Would you do that for me?"

I felt like a fly in a web, I couldn't break loose. I turned to look at him and didn't say anything. To my surprise, I proceeded to take my shirt off, then I stepped out of my pants and put them on the nearby table. I continued to take my socks off and then reached for my shorts. I pushed them down to my ankles and stepped out of them one foot at a time. I had to bend over to accomplish this so I knew he was getting a good view from behind. I heard a low moan come from him. 

He asked me to turn around a few times which I, unexplainably, did. I stopped facing him waiting, not knowing what to expect. How did it get to this? I was completely naked. I didn't mind showing off, but knew this was going too far. 

"Lars, what's happening here?" is all I said. I guess I could have figured it out.

"Quiet, let yourself relax."

"Lars?" He took hold of my shoulders and turned me around. With a gentle push he bent me over the picnic table. He took hold of my hands and guided them to take hold of my ass cheeks. After I had hold of my ass, he slowly pushed my hands apart, spreading my ass open.

"Hold yourself open," Lars instructed.

My heart was pounding. I didn't know if it was because of fear, anticipation or lust. I did know I was getting a hard-on, something I didn't expect. 

I continued to hold my ass open as he took several photographs. This went on for a good five minutes as he posed me in different ways, using his hands to position my body. Once towards the end, his finger brushed my asshole which caused me to draw in a quick breath. "Pretty little bud John, very nice."

While I was bent over the picnic table Lars reached for his carry bag. I couldn't see what he took from it but had a pretty good idea. He came back behind me. I turned to look back and saw him put a small amount of lube on his finger. He looked at me and smiled, I turned back around and laid my head on the table. Soon I felt his finger at my entrance. I held my breath as he slowly worked it in. As he fingered me, I couldn't help feeling a strange pleasure growing in me. It felt good almost comforting, so I gave into it. 

After a few minutes he withdrew his finger. I kept still, waiting for him to say something, but all I heard was the sound of a vibrator. I knew it was the one in the picture and waited for him to insert it. The first touch sent a chill through me as the vibration teased my opening. Soon it was buried deep inside me.

He began fucking me with it and I could tell I was responding to each thrust. He took a few more pictures before pulling it out. 

When he reinserted his finger, I think I blushed as I whispered, "Are we done? This is crazy, I can't believe it."

"No, not yet, you're doing fine. I have a feeling you're enjoying it."

Lars' words brought a flush to my face. We both realized I had submitted to him. I had to accept it, I was not in control. 

I was aware of my raging hard-on and wanted so badly to jerk it off while his finger was still in my ass. I was reaching for my cock when he said, "I know you are suffering with that hard-on but don't touch your cock, trust me."

Lars withdrew his finger and allowed me to stand up. I stood there wondering if maybe he was finished playing around. 

I knew Lars wanted to fuck me, at this point it felt normal to me. I was afraid of being fucked; his finger and the small dildo had felt pleasant not such a big deal. Being fucked, well that was intimate and to far to go. "Lars, I don't think this is a good idea, I'm afraid of getting fucked."

He didn't answer, only smiled at me, he knew I understood this was going to happen. Resigned, I turned, grabbed my ass, spreading it open again and bent back over the picnic table. I arched my back slightly to give him good access to my asshole. "nice," was all he said.

I heard his zipper come down and had to turn my head to look and see what was coming my way. Our eyes met and he smiled at me again. I looked down and saw his pants and shorts around his ankles. Even with all the hair around his cock and balls, his cock stood out. He must be about 10 inches and much thicker around then I expected. 
