 I had no experience sleeping in a bed with anyone, so waking up next to Michael was interesting. He may have touched me the entire time I slept. I was feeling sensations I had never felt before. Somehow I knew I had ended my night by letting an older man screw me. I had frozen my ass off, but Michael had come to my rescue.

 Micheal's hands played across my body as I slowly woke. I considered what we had done and played the events of the previous night out in my head. I thought to myself, "you are a cheap dirty slut." My ass was a little sore, and I knew Michael had broken me in thoroughly. I felt his cum inside me, and remembered his climax. He seemed to remember that part too.

 He could tell I was awake. "Wake up Justin," he said running the tip of his hard cock down the crack of my ass. This was all so new to me I tensed up, but Michael told me to relax.

 "It's about 3 AM Justin. I've laid here waiting for you to wake up so I can hear what your decision is", Michael said.

 I did remember he wanted me to stay with him for the weekend, till sometime Sunday. He had even said something about showing me some kind of appreciation. There seemed a clear red line between being a total slut for letting some dude from Seattle fuck me for warmth and a half dozen beer, and being an outright whore. But there was apart of me that wanted rewarded.

 "You want me to stay here with you till Sunday."

 "Yeah for more fun like we already had."

 "You know I haven't ever done this before."

 "Yes I know, and that's why I plan to be extremely generous to you. Not just in bed."

 "You' have been so nice letting me stay but I feel funny about making that kind of deal."

 "It won't be like that."

 "How could it be that I wouldn't feel like a whore", he cut me off.

 "Stop, don't even think like that. The holidays are coming up it's perfectly natural for anyone to want to spoil their new lover." 

 "I don't want to make promises that I can't keep," I told him.

 "I won't make it that complicated", Michael said rubbing his erection up against my ass. "It's a once in a lifetime thing if that's what you decide."

 "You make it hard to say no.", I told him.

 "Please let me be in control for just one more day."

 Michael was pressing the head of his cock into me. "Just say yes and I'll take charge, just till Sunday."

 "Yes"

 "I need to cum now. I want you to lay kneel at the foot of the bed with you ass hanging over the end."

 He pulled me back to the end of the bed. I don't know whether it was the sex or the prospect of reward for doing what he wanted but I felt horny so I positioned myself the way he wanted. I felt my ass hole exposed to air and wondered at the new sensations this encounter was producing in me. I knew I couldn't make much sound in this motel room. The last thing I wanted then was a knock on the door.

 The implication was in my mind let me have whatever I want for just over a day of sex. The way he "said the words "in control' made me think he wanted rougher sex than we had already had. But I was ready to do this for him. The fact is it was the holidays and it had been years since that had meant anything more than food and relatives fighting. I was willing and just hoped that he was sincere. There was something about him that made me sure he would follow through with his promises.

 I had that pillow wrapped around my face for ten long minutes. He whispered a lot of sh it to me from behind. More than fully registered at the time. Compliments and soothing promises that this would be the best Christmas of both of our lives. He said I was the hottest fuck he had ever had and started bragging about how well he was going to spoil me. A dirty where I might be but at least Michael made me feel sexy.

 My intuition about his dominant streak proved well founded. Even in my darkest fantasies I had never dreamed of selling my body for money for days at a time to anyone. I thought I was pretty tough and could take it but Michael pushed me up to the edge of what I could handle. He was dominant and talked pretty dirty to me while we played. He whispered shit he was going to buy me for letting him fuck me and to my shame it made my cock hard and I wanted to earn all of it and more.

 It might have only taken two minutes, but I wasn't ready to give total submission at the two-minute mark. I figured out that my inexperience and his role in corrupting me to this path was a big part of why he liked me. At least that first time after I made the deal with him a little resistance only turned him on more.

 It ended in a sweet wet explosion. My defenses were worn away, my gate shattered, only the last Citadel remained. I submitted fully for the first time and he climaxed for what seemed an eternity. Every new pulse of his cum deposited neatly into my ass by his slowly weakening thrusts. I didn't want to spoil it for him but I was thinking what a huge load dude. I wasn't at the foot of the bed any longer. I had been pounced and pounded to the head of the bed and flipped once, I was on my back legs spread and pinned wide apart.

 I had fire inside me, and was writhing on the bed somewhere between pleasure and pain. And then he took my cock in his mouth. He earned my trust back over the next few minutes slowly and gently sacking me harder. My ass was dripping cum. Micheal wasted no time sacking my dick. I felt like he owed me on many levels so I put my hands down on his head and my cock erupted into his mouth. He gave me a real treat sacking me to completion and then easing down on the suction letting it slip out of his mouth.

 Laying on my back not even bothering to cover myself. For the first time I can remember I felt sexual satisfaction.

 After a few minutes in the bathroom Michael returned sitting next to me on the bed. He asked to turn on the light by the bed and I said sure. I want to ask you a few questions. He wanted to know what I had already.It was pretty embarrassing the list was so short. I had an aging desktop computer and 32 inch flat-screen that was about 5 years obsolete. A cheap feature phone not worth $20 bucks. 

 "What do you want for your best Christmas present.", Michael asked.

 "A new life.", I said. I immediately regretted saying it. It sounded so pathetic and I didn't think he needed to hear me moan about my problems. 

 "Maybe we can just fix the one you have. I'll leave you better off than the way I found you. Your obviously exhausted still, I want you to go back to sleep for a bit while I run to a couple of stores. I want to go before they get too busy. Pretend it's Christmas night you've got lots of boxes under the tree you just woke up a little early. Will you promise to stay here till I get back in 3 or 4 hours. 

 "I will stay"

 I rolled over and was back asleep before he left. I woke up a couple hours before he returned. I took another shower noting the wear my body was taking. Could I keep this up with him untitled Sunday? I was going to find away to make it work. All his stuff was there but I could never look in his bags.

 Michael had really taken control sexually, I wondered what could be wrong in his life. Knowing so little about him it was hard to guess but I knew he seemed to really loving the sex. After our last fuck he had seemed happier than I'd seen him.

 His return was no letdown. It was after 11:00 and I'd been starting to worry. He apologized and started making trips to bring bags up. Three trips total. I couldn't believe all the stuff he bought in so short a time. Laying barely covered completely naked under the sheet. I admit I started getting hard again, It didn't really matter to me what was in the bags.

 "Excited to see me?", he asked grabbing my bulge through the sheet. He managed to produce a nice wet spot in the sheet.

 "Very excited," I said spreading my legs apart and let him touch it.

 "You want me to show you some of your presents now?" There was more than I dared imagine in those bags, it made me a little nervous this cheap motel room was now filled with everything I could have asked for and more. Then he sits back down beside me rubbing my cock, "Can I ask just one more favor of you Justin. It's very naughty."

 "Naughty like last night?"

 "No this is much more naughty. I want to take you somewhere across town and show you off to a few guys. This is one of my biggest fantasies, and it will make me so happy if you come with me.

 "Where is this place?."

 "Its just down 6th Street a few blocks. It's a porn store and I will take you back into the video rooms. They have windows between the rooms. I want you to see how jealous the guys who watch us have sex get."

 "Michael I don't think I can."

 "We will start real slow and if I let anyone into the room you'll get to help pick them out. Besides this way you will know how to get sex after I'm gone. It's like a rite of passage, I had somebody take me to one years ago. That's why its such a hot fantasy of mine. You'll have fun I promise."

 Things were heating up. How much man on man debauchery was I going to have to do in the next 24 hours. Michael had a hold of my throbbing cock, through my new clothes, and had me ready for more sex. The thought of doing what he wanted was both nasty and hot and I needed to cum again soon.

 "OK ill go with you," I finally agreed. There was no way I was going to risk losing all my hard-earned presents. I was ready to submit myself into his fantasy.

 "Awesome", Michael took his hand away from my cock. "I want you to get nice and ready before we go. Come on into the bathroom I want to show you some of the supplies I got."

 I waked into the bathroom after him and showed me his supplies. A nice electric razor like a barber would use quickly removed most of my body hair. Michael allowed me to keep some of my pubic hair but the balls were clear-cut and shaved with a razor after. Then he had me sit down in front of him on the newspaper he has spread out.

 Michael never said anything about wanting to cut my hair, nobody was going to see my hairless body but my hair was somehow different. All I could do was submit to the hair cut and hope I liked the way he made me look. Luckily he knew what he was doing and it turned out OK. We were going within a block of where this adventure started. Sitting there waiting for my blind date I never would have guessed the kind of things that were going on so close.