 I am 26 year old, 135lbs 5'8", decent looking, a hard working guy with my life in order. I am not gay and have never been gay. I love girls and pussy but just never got enough. It is hard getting a good girl to go to bed with you! Therefore, I jerked off at least once a day. 

After I graduated college my sexual fantasies and stroke off sessions got more bizarre. It started with lesbian and panty fetishes and developed into strong cravings for humiliation and dark fantasies of submission to strong women and wearing pampers. I just love the shame and comfort of wearing pampers. In the hot summer they absorb the sweat so well and in the cold winter it is so fun to piss in them and feel the warmth around my balls and groin! It got to the point where I was wearing pampers almost all the time. In my fantasies it was what my strict mistress made me do. 

I work as the manager at a small HVAC warehouse. I would accept the inventory store it for pick-up and then give it to the buyers, recording the flow of materials and taking payment. Since I was the only worker at this location I would wear my pampers all day every day. I am actually small enough to comfortably fit into the largest children's size of Goodnights. They were just so snug and comfy and hid my boner so well! I would walk around hard most of the day at work and stroke off like crazy as soon as I got home!

It was a slow rainy day about a year ago when Roy walked in to pick up a couple of HVACs and parts. He was a regular customer and I knew him well. I put the units onto his truck with the fork lift and then went with him to get some sticks of solder which were in the back on the bottom shelf. As I was getting back up Roy just grabs my ass and asks point blank, "Are you wearing pampers?"

I was mortified, I was humiliated beyond belief, I don't know why but I answered truthfully as my cock got harder than it ever got before!

"Did you just have an operation, or do you have some kind of medical condition?" He asks me.

I just stood there, beet red and shamed as Roy fondled my pampered ass and then grabbed my groin with the other hand. I could not bring myself to answer him I was so ashamed.

Roy felt my boner as he grabbed my groin and stated, "You wear them for sexual gratification. Don't you!"

I didn't answer but I shook my head yes as Roy fondled my ass and groin. I did not try to stop him. It just seemed like I was in a brain freeze and I just stood there too shocked and humiliated to do anything.

I guess Roy took my freezing as an ok to continue fondling me because next thing I know he has unbuttoned my jeans and puts his hand down the front of my pamper. It set me off and I came instantly all over the back of his hand and my lower abdomen.

"What the fuck?" Roy mumbled as he felt the stickiness on his hand. He pulled his hand out of my pamper and notices the cum on it. His other hand stopped squeezing my ass and now grabs me by the neck.

"You made this mess now lick it off!" He commands. 

I don't know why I did it, but I just stuck my tongue out and licked off all of my cum from the back of his hand. It was so humiliating that I remained totally hard in my now sticky pamper. It didn't taste bad and soon I had the back of his hand totally clean. 

"I knew it!" Roy exclaimed as he forced me to my knees by pushing down on my neck.

"I made you cum. Now you must return the favor." He commanded as he unbuttoned his jeans with his cleaned hand. As his semi hard cock popped out he said, "You know what to do." He leaned forward some and I just opened my mouth and let him in. 

I don't know why I didn't try to stop him. Maybe it was because he was so much older than me or stronger. Roy was probably in his early 50s. He was half a foot taller than me, and probably about 100 pounds heavier, all muscle from a life of installing HVACs. Anyway, here I was on my knees with a big dick in my mouth!

I wasn't disgusted by his cock so I just went along. I could feel it harden in my mouth and I could taste the manly sweat. Roy now had both hands on the side of my neck and directed the speed by firmly pulling me in and pushing me back. I was ashamed at what I was doing, yet I couldn't bring myself to stop. I just concentrated on his taste and how his cock felt in my mouth. My tongue just naturally started licking the sensitive underside of his shaft and he let out a moan.

The shame of what I was doing, of what I had become, a cocksucker, kept me harder than I had ever been before, even though I had just cum minutes ago! Roy was now sliding his cock almost all the way out of my mouth and slowly pushing it in until it banged against the back of my throat. I actually kind of liked it. It felt like sucking on a lollipop. Roy was totally hard, and I felt a perverse sense of pride in doing this to him.

"You're doing great kid." Roy said, "but I want more. I want you to deep throat me. I am going to start pushing harder and you just take it down your gullet."

I just ignored what he said, or it didn't register because I was just too engrossed in this whole new thing. Next thing I know his cock head has rammed past my gullet and I am gagging like crazy! I pushed him out and squealed, "I can't do it."

"You can, and you will!" Roy commanded, as he tried to put his cock back into my mouth.

I kept my mouth tightly shut and tried twisting my head sideways. 

"If you don't open up You are going to get spanked!" Roy exclaimed. 

I still kept my mouth tightly closed. Roy pulled me up by my neck and dragged me over to a work table. He bent me across the table and pulled my jeans and pamper all the way off while keeping my chest pinned to the table with his other hand. He then proceeded to spank me hard!

It hurt like hell and I started crying but at the same time I loved it! It was not the strict mistress or mom that I had always wanted but Roy was a strong person punishing me and forcing me to do humiliating things for his pleasure! I knew that I needed this, and I submitted to his spanking for as long as I could before it got to painful and I yelled out that I would do it!

Roy released my back and let me up taking hold of my neck again. I told him that I was sorry, that I had never done anything with a man before. That I had hardly ever done anything with a female either. I told him that I would try to deep throat him. 

"That's my boy." He soothed me. "Now just hold your breath while it goes in and try to swallow it down." He advised.

With that I pulled up my sticky pamper, buttoned my jeans and allowed Roy to guide me back down to my knees. Once on my knees I opened my mouth up wide and Roy slid in. He pulled on the back of my head kind of hard and I felt his head enter my throat. I gagged, and he eased out. I took a deep breath and he pushed it back down a little deeper this time. Once again, I gagged, but Roy just held it there for a few seconds before taking it out. I took in a huge breath of air and then he just jammed it in and my nose ground into his pubic hair. It was in all the way! I could feel it lodged in my throat and I was not gagging! He held me in this position for about 5 seconds and slowly pulled it out. Roy kept it up and I developed a good rhythm of taking in a big breath when he pulled out and just trying to swallow him down when my nose was mashed into his pubic bone. Roy now had his fingers interlaced behind my head and he was pulling me into his pubic bone pretty hard. I loved it! I knew that this is what I needed!

After a few minutes of Roy's deep thrusts I felt him swell and he didn't go all the way back in. He just let his cockhead rest on my tongue and unloaded into my mouth. I counted the spurts and just let it rest on my tongue and in my cheeks. 

When his orgasm was over he spoke to me, "I am now going to take my cock out of your mouth. You will open your mouth and show me my load. When I give the ok, you will then swallow it all down. If you spill even one drop of my precious load I will beat your ass five times as hard as before! Do you understand?"

I nodded yes and true to his word he pulled out his cock. I opened my mouth as wide as I could and let all of his cum gather on the center of my tongue. He looked at me for a few seconds. I could hear the clock ticking and time almost felt frozen. I could feel the shame deep in the pit of my stomach, but I was happy. 

"OK." He said, and it broke me out of my reverie. I swallowed and then ran my tongue around my mouth a few times collecting the remnants of his load and swallowed a second time. It was a strong bitter taste but not unpleasant I thought to myself and I instinctively opened my mouth and stuck out my tongue to show him that I had swallowed everything.

"Very good!" Roy exclaimed as he put his cum dripping cock back into my mouth. "Now clean me off and suck out the last few drops. I don't wear a pamper to save me from making a mess like you do."

I burnt with lovely shame as I licked the slime off his cock and sucked the last few drops out of his hole. 

It was with sadness that I released his cock and let him put it back into his jeans.

"You did good boy!" He praised, as he was buttoning up. "I expect a repeat every time I come to pick up HVACs, if no one is here." 

I agreed, and Roy left. I quickly stroked myself off and for some odd reason I ate the load that I caught in my left palm. I had never eaten my cum before.

Roy continued to come by to pick up HVACs for his jobs. Whenever he did, if no one else was around he would make me suck him off in the back room. This went on for a few visits and then he fucked my ass. He continued to visit, sometimes fucking me and sometimes making me blow him. I never had any sexual attraction to Roy, and could never imagine myself kissing him, but the deep burning humiliation that he gave me, and his commanding presence were a gift from the gods. He never touched me. Sometimes I would cum in my pamper from the humiliation, but usually I didn't. But oh, how I loved his visits!

His visits continued on a multi weekly schedule for about half a year. Then one time after a regular visit as I sat savoring the aftertaste of his load he told me. "Tomorrow I will be coming here right before closing with my partner. You will let us in and after you close shop we will go to the back for a session. You better not embarrass me in front of my partner!"

I agreed and true to his word he showed up at 4:55 the next day with another man. He introduced his friend as Bill. Bill was about 45 years old and also a large fit, blue collar man. 

After I closed shop we went to the back and Roy commanded me to strip to my pamper. It was so humiliating doing it in front of Bill. Roy then told me that Bill has been his life partner and lover for the last 15 years, and that Bill has known all along about me.

Roy then commanded that I suck Bill off. I felt a new sense of shame, as I knelt there on that cement floor, in only my pamper, with a raging hard on and Bill approached me with his already hard dick. I sucked on it and deep throated him to the hilt. Bill did not last long and came in my mouth. I opened to show him the load and swallowed it down savoring his taste.

"Damn that was great!" Bill exclaimed. "He will do!"

I wondered what he meant as Roy pulled me up and bent me over the bench. He pulled the pamper half way down my legs applied some lube to my ass and fucked me hard. The whole time Bill was looking right into my eyes. Roy came hard after about ten minutes of fucking me. After he pulled out I quickly pulled up my pamper to catch the leak that was sure to come. 

"We have been looking for a younger submissive guy to serve us." Roy started talking, "A boy that will service us and our friends no questions asked. You will come to live with us. You will sleep in our king size bed and you will serve us sexually whenever we want. You will also be required to keep the house clean. That will be your duty for the free place to live. You will wear your pampers at all times and neither of us will ever touch your cock. If you agree to this then come over here and stick your tongue up my asshole!" With that Roy leaned over the work bench and spread his cheeks apart.

I was shocked! I had always imagined getting married and having a family. However I truly loved the humiliation that Roy doled out on me. The chance to be humiliated every day on an ongoing basis was too much for me to give up! I had never stuck my tongue up anyone's asshole before it grossed me out, but I craved the humiliation too much to pass up on such a degrading act!

I could feel Roy's cum oozing out of my asshole as I took the two steps over to Roy and knelt down behind him. I came harder than I ever came before in my life as my tongue snaked up his asshole! I could now feel the slicky mess of both his and my loads in my pamper and I attacked his sphincter with a passion that I never knew existed in me!

I have now been living with Roy and Bill for over half a year and couldn't be happier. Yes, I still dream about finding a strong woman, but I know that is just a fantasy. Roy and Bill make me walk around the house only in my pamper or in frilly lingerie or a sexy maid's outfit. They constantly remind me that I am their pamper girl. They degrade on a regular basis and have friends come over every once in a while, that I must also serve. Sometimes at night they will spoon me, and sometimes after hard sessions Roy will let me sit on his lap and lay on his while he soothes me. I feel so feminine and submissive at these times.

I clean the house, suck cock, get fucked, am humiliated and degraded every day and I love life!