 I grunted as I came. Jerry's hand was wrapped around my cock, and I squirted load after load onto his kitchen floor. The feeling was exquisite. It was a just a short 6 months ago that he and I had touched each other's cocks for the first time, and we had been bringing each other pleasure whenever we could find the time. Jerry's hand felt so much better than my own. My cock finally finished cumming.

"Damn dude, that always feels so good," I said.

He smiled. "My pleasure."

I looked down at his dick, which was rock hard. Seeing his hardness never failed to turn me on. "Your turn," I said as I reached for him.

"Hold up. I want to get comfortable." He went in to the living room and sat down in the armchair. He looked so good, leaning back, legs spread, his beautiful cock resting against his stomach. I realized the only way I could jack him off was to kneel down in front of him.

I got on my knees and wrapped my hand around his cock, enjoying the feeling of warmth and tumescence. He gave a soft moan as I slowly started to pump up and down his shaft. As usual, I was unable to take my eyes from his dick. I became so transfixed that when he spoke, it startled me.

"Hey dude, I was wondering if you wanted to try something."

My gaze was still fixed on his cock when I responded. "Um, sure, what did you have in mind?"

"Do you want to try putting your mouth on it?"

This snapped me out of my trance. My hand stopped pumping, but remained on him. A million thoughts and questions ran through my head at once. Wouldn't that be gross? What did that say about me if I crossed that line? Is this something I'm supposed to be doing? These thoughts became a stammering mess when I tried to speak. "Well, I mean, um, isn't that...?" That's all I could articulate.

"Come on, it won't be different than sucking on a finger or something. I will do yours next time I promise." As he spoke my gaze was focused on the head of his dick. I couldn't believe it but there was a voice inside trying to convince me to do it. Between Jerry's words and my own inclinations I was close. I licked my lips slightly in consideration. Then he said something that pushed me over the edge.

"Please?"

That's all it took. I mean, I was already stroking his cock and we had even rubbed our dicks together. How would this change anything?

I moved my hand down to the base of his shaft, and rocked forward on my knees until my head was just over his cock, my lips just inches from the tip. I opened my mouth and lowered my head. Jerry's cockhead slipped past my lips. The taste was merely that of salty skin. I savored the feeling of the spongy yet rigid feeling of his tip on my lips first and then on my tongue.

"Oooh fuck dude, that feels so fucking good," he moaned.

I knew that I was the first one to suck his dick, and I was surprised by a feeling of pride that I was his first and that I was making him feel good. This was followed by the realization I was on my knees sucking a cock. Although I didn't make the connection at the time, this had changed me forever and sucking cock would turn me on like nothing else.

When my lips made it to his shaft beyond his cockhead, they started to stick. I swirled my tongue around his cock to generate more saliva, and I was able to slide my mouth about halfway down him. Then I slowly slid back up until his dick was almost out of my mouth, then back down. I increased the pace of bobbing up and down his cock while gripping the base in my fist. Jerry was moaning louder now and I once again swelled with pride.

I had been sucking him in this manner for about five minutes when I noticed a salty taste in my mouth. It was coming from the tip of his cock and I knew I was tasting precum for the first time. Then he said, "See how far down you can go."

His cock now had a good coating of my saliva, and it was easy to slide my mouth down. I went down slowly, watching his pubes get closer and closer to my face. He let out a long deep moan. I was thinking I was going to be able to deep throat him, but just before my nose touched his stomach the head of his dick pushed against my throat and I fought back a gag. I slid back up to the tip and then back down to the point where I felt like gagging.

"Fuck yeah, that feels good."

I increased the pace of the blowjob, taking his dick down almost all the way with each stroke of my mouth. The flow of his precum was getting heavier, and his breathing was becoming louder as I sucked.

"Oooh my God dude, holy shit, I'm gonna...fuck, I'm gonna-"

Quickly, I took my mouth off of his cock and wrapped my hand around it. Just in time as his orgasm happened. He grunted and his dick flexed violently as the first thick shot of cum landed in the hollow of his neck. Stream after stream exploded from his tip and landed all over his chest and stomach. Eventually the spurts became less frequent and one last drop of his load oozed out.

I couldn't believe how much he had cum. "Damn, that must have felt really good," I said.

"That was the most amazing thing I've ever felt."

Once again I felt pride at making him feel so good and making him have such an amazing orgasm. I brought him a towel from the kitchen so he could clean himself up.

He wiped off and dressed himself. "Jesus man, I can't even tell you how awesome that was."

"Heh, no problem."