 I had always considered myself straight. While it was true that I hadn't had any sexual experience, the naked girls in the porn mags turned me on plenty, and I hadn't given any real thought to it. It was the end of summer in 1996, the beginning of my senior year of high school. My friend Jerry and I had both turned eighteen over the summer, and so one weekend night in September he pulled out the Penthouse magazine that he was proud to have bought.

"Dude, check out what I got," he said as he pulled the magazine out from his dresser drawer.

I was spending the night at his house, something we had been doing since we became best friends freshman year. We were physically built about the same, right about 5'10" and fairly skinny. We only lived three blocks apart, so it was easy to walk to one another's house. His bedroom had two twin beds on opposite sides of the room. One used to belong to his older brother, and that's the one I used when I slept over.

"Oh hell yeah," I said.

We sat down side by side on the edge of his bed with the magazine between us. He slowly flipped the pages and we stared like gluttons at the images.

The naked girls were hot as hell, and I started to feel my dick stiffen in my pants. Even sexier were the guy/girl pictures, I could imagine those hot girls taking my dick in their mouths and pussies. Even just the girl's hand wrapped around my cock would feel great I bet. I tried my best hide the bulge in my jeans, and I couldn't help but look over to see if he had one too. There was a definite tent sprouting from his pants.

"Fuck, these girls are so hot. Look at that pussy, I bet it would feel so good to just slide right in," he said.

"Have you ever fucked anyone?" I asked.

He shook his head. "No, but I did get that Leslie girl from math class to jerk me off once though."

"Really? How did that feel?"

"Oh my God dude, it felt fucking amazing. So much better than my own hand you know?"

"Damn, that's awesome. I've never had anyone's hand on my dick but my own." I continued staring at the magazine, occasionally stealing a glance into his lap.

My cock was forcefully pushing into my jeans and I seriously needed release. Judging from the strained bulge in his pants, he was feeling about the same. I was about to excuse myself to jerk off in the bathroom when he said "Looks like this stuff is turning you on." He was looking right into my lap.

That comment, which I thought might make things more awkward, served to ease my tension. Now that he had brought it up, I was somehow more free to talk about it.

"You too buddy. I was actually thinking about taking a bathroom break so we could both take care of things."

His hand was slowly stroking his cock through his pants. "Well, I agree it needs to get taken care of, but that doesn't mean you have to leave the room."

Knowing perfectly well what he meant, I said, "What do you mean?"

He started undoing his belt, and while part of my head was telling me that I needed to say something do something to stop it, I was mesmerized and unable to look away. I felt rooted in place as his belt came off. Next came the button on his fly, and I'll never forget the sound of his zipper as he slowly slid it down.

Jerry slightly raised his ass off the bed and quickly slid his pants and boxers down to his ankles, and I saw another man's cock for the first time. He took off his shirt, slid back and put his back against the wall with his feet hanging off the side of the bed, and put his hands behind his head. I couldn't take my eyes off his rock hard cock. It was just a little bit longer than mine, around six-and-a-half inches, but while mine was straight his had a slight curve toward his body. He grabbed the magazine and slowly stroked his shaft.

"Feel free to join me if you want."

I timidly stood up and took off my shirt. His eyes were on the Penthouse which made it easier for me to strip. I hesitated after I undid my zipper, knowing that once I slid my pants down there would be no going back. All of this felt so weird but my dick was harder than it had ever been. I plunged and pushed my remaining clothes off. I stood there for a moment with my cock jutting out, then I got onto the bed and sat once again on the other side of the magazine with my back against the wall.

I began to jerk myself off. I tried to keep my eyes focused on the magazine but more and more I found them wandering to Jerry's crotch. I glanced up and I saw his eyes on my dick as well.

"I bet you wish Leslie was here now huh?"

Jerry laughed. "Oh hell yeah. I mean this feels good but someone else's hand just makes it so much better."

I was trying to think of a response when suddenly he took his hand off his own cock and reached over into my lap. Just before his hand reached my cock he said, "Can I?"

I removed my own hand and nodded. His warm fingers enwrapped my dick. I let out a small gasp as another person made contact with my cock for the first time. His hand started slowly pumping up and down. The feeling was exquisite. My stomach was in knots over the taboo aspect of another man touching me, but the pleasure was too good to ignore.

"Does that feel good?" Jerry asked.

"Fuck yes. You were so right, your hand feels a million times better than mine."

He started to increase his pace, and I couldn't help it when a small moan escaped me. The porn magazine all but forgotten, I either found myself staring at his hand pumping my cock or his hard dick which he was stroking with his other hand. Since he was making me feel so incredible I thought it would only be fair if I returned the favor.

"I want to do yours," I said.

He took his hand of me and said, "Sure."

I watched my hand move as if in slow motion toward his cock. I tentatively touched the head with my fingertips, causing his whole cock to jump as it flexed. Then I wrapped my hand around his shaft. It was warm and hard, similar to mine but different at the same time. I slowly moved my hand up and down Jerry's cock. All at once the thought hit me: I am jacking off my best friend. And I was enjoying it.

"Dude that feels so incredible, even better than Leslie," he said.

I couldn't help but feel proud and smile. I increased the speed of my jerking. Occasionally on my downstroke he would raise his hips slightly, pushing his cock through my hand. I stroked faster, and his pumping got more and more intense to match my hand. He was breathing heavily.

"Oh fuck. I'm gonna...fuck dude I'm gonna finish soon. Don't stop don't stop."

This just turned me on even more. I was giving him serious pleasure and I couldn't wait to make him cum. I moved my hand up and down his dick as fast as I could.

"Uhh...oh God...oh fuck here it comes."

His cock flexed and became hard as iron right before it exploded. It spasmed violently in my hand as the first jetstream of jizz shot out of his dick like a cannon and landed on his chest. I pumped slowly as he continued to shoot hot cum all over himself. It was thick and very white, different than mine. There was also a lot more than I usually squirt out. After what seemed like an eternity, Jerry's cock finally stopped shooting and the last bit oozed out of the tip.

I realized I was staring at his cock with my mouth agape and the corners of my mouth up in a grin. My hand was still tightly gripped around his shaft.

"Holy shit that was amazing," he said.

"Happy to oblige," I said. And I meant it.

"Let me clean up and then it's your turn."

"Hell yeah."

He retrieved his shirt from the floor and wiped himself clean, then sat back down on the bed next to me. My own cock was still rock-hard and in need of attention. I put my hands behind my head and relaxed as he jerked me. I realized I was going to cum very quickly.

I watched his hand gliding up and down my shaft with quickening pace. "Oh my God yes. Your hand feels so fucking good." I moaned as I was getting closer to what I was sure would be the best orgasm of my life. His hand moved faster and faster.

"Unnn...it's almost out." I could barely breathe as the head of my cock became the center of intensity and pleasure. "Oh fuck...I'm cumming."

It was so intense it was almost painful. Cum shot of my dick with a force it never had, landing on my solar plexus and then on my stomach as waves of pleasure shot through my body. It lasted seemingly for minutes, and when it was finally over I couldn't move. My legs felt weak and tingly. I looked at myself covered in my own cum. I had only expelled about half the volume Jerry did, and mine was more watery and clear than his, but it was definitely more than I had ever shot before.

"God damn that was incredible. Thanks." I managed.

"Heh, sure thing."

"I'm gonna go clean up." I went to the bathroom and wiped myself off with toilet paper. Then I went back to the bedroom, unsure what I might say. When I went in, Jerry was already in bed under the covers and the lights were out. I got into the other bed.

"That was fun," he said.

"Yeah it definitely was."

"Let me know if you want to do it again."

"For sure."

"Well, goodnight then."

"Goodnight."

I closed my eyes and tried to find sleep, but all I could picture was Jerry's cock with my hand wrapped around it, shooting loads of thick semen. Before I knew it I was raging hard again. Just when I thought sleep might never come, I somehow drifted off.