 My girlfriend and I had been dating for a few years, and the sex had gotten a little slow. We were still doing it a lot, but it just wasn't as exciting as it used to be. Then one night, after a few drinks, that topic came up, and it turned out she was feeling bored with our sex life too. Even though I had been thinking the same thing, that is not something a guy ever wants to hear. We both agreed something had to be done. After talking a little longer she asked me what I wanted in the bedroom, and though I was reluctant to give a straight answer, she finally got it out of me. I told her I wanted to have a threesome with another girl, pretty standard fantasy for any guy. She must have been expecting that, because she didn't have much of a reaction, not even the "Ew, gross! I don't want another girl in our bed!" which is the reaction women typically give to that sort of thing. 

Instead, she sat quietly for a second, then said, "OK, but I would have to have some conditions." 

I thought about this for a second, then asked "Well, OK, what are they?"

"Well, first of all," she started, "there has to be something in it for me, too." 

"OK....Like what?" I asked. I didn't know where this was going.

"Well, another cock would be a good start," she answered. 

"Hahaha" I laughed nervously. "You mean like a strapon, right?" I asked, knowing that wasn't what she meant.

"No, like another guy, so I get to have some fun too."

"That's what I was afraid of," I said. I didn't know how to feel about that. Little did she know that I wanted the same thing she did. I had never told her, or anyone else for that matter, but I was a closet bisexual. 

I don't know exactly when it came about, but for many years I had been into guys, and especially into sucking cock. Around the end of high school I started playing with my ass, just a finger or two once in awhile when I was in the shower or jerking off. Over the last several years my ass play had progressed to where I now had a large toy collection, and would play my ass all the time, sometimes three or four times a week, sometimes a couple times a day. I loved it, and had everything from small butt plugs to foot long vibrators that I would ride for hours. 

Then, while I was in college I got in a little deeper and decided I wanted to start sucking cock. I had fantasized about it for a long time. I loved getting a good blow job, and watched plenty of porn, and figured I had to give it a try. I went to a few hookup sites online, and spent months looking for a guy worth sucking. It finally worked out and I got to suck my first real cock. I still remember it like it was this afternoon, remember going up into this guy's bedroom and getting my favorite deepthroat porn movie going on his computer. I was nervous as hell, my heart was going so fast it was about to burst out of my chest. Still not sure if I could get myself to go through with it, I kept my eyes on the video and slowly rubbed my cock through my pants, feeling my cock grow stiff, as my desire to feel a cock in my mouth became unbearable. I reached over and began stroking his cock through his gym shorts, feeling it grow and grow in my hand. My cock isn't very big, but I've certainly seen my fair share in the movies, and this guy was huge - easily 8in, thick and rock hard. I stared down at his cock through his shorts and he stood up, dropping his shorts down to the floor and leaving his beautiful, stiff, shaved smooth cock swinging gently a few inches in front of my face.

He gently touched my head, pulling it toward his waiting dick. "Come on dude, you know you want this dick," he said.

I took one more look at the girl on the computer screen and saw her smiling devilishly as she jerked the cock and flicked it with her tongue. I knew then i had to have a cock in my mouth, and looked over at the big swinging dick in front of me. I thought to myself, "Well, this is it," and before I could second guess myself again I leaned in and took the head of his cock in my mouth. He let out a moan of "oohhhh god yeahhhh," just like I would have if the roles were reversed. I cupped his balls in one hand and began working his cock in and out of my mouth, rubbing the bottom of it with my tongue while gently rubbing his balls. I took it deeper and deeper, pushing it to the back of my throat then pulling it all the way out and playing with the tip, before diving back down on it. He pulled back a few times, grabbing my hair and holding my head in place with one hand while using the other hand to slap my face with his cock. 

I went at it for half an hour or so, doing all the things I always wanted girls to do to me when they sucked my dick. I licked up and down the bottom of his dick, starting at his balls and licking up to the head, then changing direction and swallowing his cock as deep as I could, all in one motion. We changed positions a few times, moving around until we found the angle where I could almost get his whole cock down my throat. He started to moan and buck his hips up toward my mouth while I sucked him deep and squeezed his balls. I knew he was about to cum and I wanted to take it on my knees, with him standing up to shoot it in my mouth. I tried to pull off his cock and tell him this, but right as I started to he grabbed me by the hair and shoved his cock down my throat. Surprised, I gagged and jerked my head back just as he let out his biggest cry of "HOOOLY SHIIIIT..AAAAHHHHHH TAKE THAT LOAD BITCH!!" I gladly did as I was told. I finally got the feeling I had been looking for for years, the feeling of a big hard cock exploding loads of hot sticky cum into my mouth. He squirted again and again, and I tried to keep it all in my mouth so I could savor the flavor and the feeling. As I felt the warm salty juice spread around my mouth I knew I had fallen in love with sucking cock and would have to do it again

I stood up and wiped some extra cum and spit from around my mouth while he laid on the bed. He looked up and said "Holy shit dude, that was the best blow job I've ever had." 

"Well thanks," I replied, "I liked it too."

"We'll have to do it again sometime," he said, still apparently too blown away to stand up off the bed.

"Well what are you doing tomorrow night?" I asked. Turned out he was available the next night, and I went back for a repeat. We did it the night after that too. I went from never having touched another guy's cock to sucking dick and swallowing cum three days straight. I loved it. I loved pleasing him, knowing how good my mouth felt on his cock, and feeling how good his cock felt in my mouth. Unfortunately after that week our schedules didn't work out for awhile and we lost touch. I lost his e-mail and we never met up again after the first three times. 

Now as I lay next to my girlfriend in bed I began to feel like I might get to take a cock once again, knowing it would be infinitely better with her enjoying it too. Of course, I still hadn't mentioned that we were going to have to share the other guy. The question was, should I tell her I wanted cock too, or just let the scene play out and hope she wanted to see me take cock as much as I wanted to see her go at it with another girl?