 Linking with Lizzy

Strange Days Ch 03-Linking with Lizzy

Jstarret78 12/10/18

Editor's Note: Well, John has returned to his friend, Kevin's home only to find Kevin not home and Lizzy standing at the door naked except for her panties. (Ref: STRANGE DAYS Ch 01: ONE HELL OF A RIDE and HOSPITAL HOT BED). He is worn out and sore but standing here was his fantasy. 

John is conflicted, after hitchhiking with Lars and now having been used by another man, he finds himself questioning these encounters more and more. Before Lars, he has only had sex with woman, now the most beautiful woman he knows is available to him, or so he thinks. 

I reached the door and rang the bell, after a few rings, it seemed no one was home. That was strange, they said they would be, and I had texted them when I was on my way. I was about to return to my car when I heard the door being opened.

When I turned back to the door, there stood Lizzy, backlit by the hallway light, naked except for a pair of lacy panties., I wasn't sure if I was seeing right.

Lizzy, holding out her hand said, "Hi John, sorry I took so long to answer the door, come on in."

"Lizzy, what's going on, what wrong, where is Kevin. I assume you know you're naked?"

'I assume you know your naked', what a dumb thing to say.

Lizzy laughed, "I know I'm naked, well not entirely, but these panties don't hide much."

As I looked down at her incredible body, it was just as I had imagined, beautiful breasts, lean and fit, and, through the lace panties, a beautifully sculptured pussy. I just couldn't believe she was standing there, my fantasy.

I didn't know what to do, after all she was my friend's wife and that is a line you don't cross. "I don't understand Lizzy," I said.

"Kevin is away for two nights, on business, don't worry so much. Isn't this what you've wanted all along?"

"Yes, but it's not right."

'It's not right', what was wrong with me, I was not reacting to this situation as I normally would. I never cared what the circumstances were or who it was. If a woman was naked and available, she was going to get fucked and in Lizzy's case, even more.

Lizzy didn't answer, she took my hand and led me into their bedroom. She sat on the bed and, with those beautiful brown eyes, looked up at me. I could feel my cock stirring, but for some reason it was taking its time. Maybe I was just worn out and tired.

"John, why don't you get undressed, you look so lost, am I that ugly?"

"You look beautiful Lizzy, I guess I'm a little awkward, that's all," I said while undressing.

My cock was at half-mast when my underwear came off. It was strange that I didn't feel the same sensation I felt when stripping for Lars or in the hospital when Billy left me alone in the examination room.

I guess Lizzy noticed I was limping along, she reached out and grabbed my cock. She began playing with it and massaging my balls. That was helping, after a few minutes I was fully erect.

"Lizzy, you should stop, or I won't be responsible for what happens," I joked.

I said that for my own benefit. It calmed me down a little and, I hoped, showed Lizzy that I was up to the evening ahead.

Lizzy laughed and started stroking my cock slowly while looking up at me. "John, I always knew you had a nice cock." she stopped stroking and, holding my cock, started to move her face closer. 'I can't believe she's going to suck me off', I thought. This was going to be great, but all she did was kiss the tip of my cock and sat back again.

I figured it was time for me to be more aggressive, after all, I know what I'm doing, although that awkward feeling wouldn't go away, I was having trouble initiating sex, why?

I began fondling her breasts, while she just sat on the bed, looking at me. I slowly moved my hand down to her panty line and pushed my fingers under the elastic, tracing the hair line until I could feel her moist pussy. Lizzy let out a moan as I reached her clit, which I kept rubbing slowly. I thought to myself, 'you still can handle a woman, that's a relief'.

I was working her clit when she took hold of my hand and pulled it out of her panties.

"John, come on, tell me what's wrong. You're acting like a 12-year-old who is seeing a naked woman for the first time."

"What do you mean, I'm sorry, am I doing something wrong?" I asked, alarmed. It was like throwing a bucket of cold water on me. I suddenly lost confidence and didn't know how to react. It deflated, first, my ego and then my erection. I began to worry about what Lizzy would think of me.

"Oh, come on John, you don't just dive in. What about kissing, tenderness, love making? I was looking forward to those legendary talents, anyone can play around. What's going on with you?"

"Nothing's going on with me, I'm overwhelmed being here with you. Just give me a little time to come around."

All this time, I was hoping my lifeless dick would start doing its job, hoping Lizzy wouldn't notice, but no such luck.

"'Come around?', John your penis is telling me the night is lost. you make me feel foolish."

I had to admit that I didn't feel like the man I use to be. I sat there trying to sort out my feelings. This has never happened before, and I know that it shouldn't have happened, especially with this girl. This was nuts, I had to chalk this off to being mixed up by all that happened at the hospital today.

I was trying to figure out how to regain the initiative. I will take her in my arms, and begin this love making again, hoping that both Lizzy and my rebellious cock will respond? I was thinking over the alternatives when Lizzy said, "something is different, and I bet I know what it is."

This brought me back to reality, I asked, "What do you mean, 'you know what it is'?"

Without answering, Lizzy stood up and turned to face me. She slowly slipped her panties down, stepping out of them, one foot at a time. I had to admit she was gorgeous. She stood there with a strange smile, almost sinister. She seemed to be watching me for a reaction.

I thought she was going to do something to put us back on track, but all she said was, "lay down John."

I looked up at her but didn't question her instructions. I just turned and laid on the bed. I was apprehensive, wondering what she was getting at, but at least I was more comfortable, she was in control. I didn't have to do anymore explaining.

Lizzy took a seat near the end of the bed. She took hold of both my ankles and pushed them back, toward my butt. Completely confused, I complied. She smiled at me again while reaching into a night table beside the bed. When she turned back around, I could see she was holding a tube of AstroGlide. She proceeded to apply it on two of her fingers.

"Ok John, I want you to spread your legs, I've seen everything else you've got, now let's get a look at what hiding between those lovely ass cheeks."

What could I do? I was taken by surprise and could only comply with her instructions. I slowly spread my legs and angled myself so access to my asshole would be easier. I didn't realize I was doing it, I automatically adjusted my ass, without thinking.

"I see you know how to give up your ass, good boy."

'Good boy', I must have turned beet red, I would never admit that it was something I enjoyed, not to Lizzy at least. If things weren't bad enough, my cock started twitching and in no time, I had a rock-hard erection.

Lizzy laughed, "well look at that, now your cock is happy."

To keep my manly composure I said, "Lizzy, I don't understand why you're doing this, and I can't explain my reaction, it's so ...."

Lizzy interrupted, "Shush, just relax and take a deep breath." She reached down probing for my asshole. Soon, with little difficulty, her fingers hit the mark.

I drew in a breath at her touch and, without thinking, began to move into her fingers. Like at the hospital, my asshole began to twitch uncontrollably, the feeling of someone at my entrance again, well, you know.

She was slowly inserting her fingers which forced a moan from deep inside me. She pushed them in all the way, I could feel her palm again my ass.

Lizzy stopped there and asked, "Are you starting to cum, your asshole keeps flexing against my fingers, I can't believe it?"

"No," I said, "I can't control it, I don't know why."

Lizzy didn't say anything more, she just kept fucking me with her two fingers, and it felt wonderful. I was responding and gently meeting her thrusts with my own. I was lost in the feeling, my cock so hard it hurt, involuntarily I blurted out, "fuck me, please Lizzy, don't stop, fuck me good." I was about to cum, when she withdrew her fingers and sat there staring at me.

"So, it's true, you did have sex with the truckers you hitched with."

Sheepishly I corrected, "Trucker, only one trucker, but it wasn't like that. It just happened, I was just getting off."

"And Billy, I know his reputation, everyone does. He's a real fetish junky. If he gets a hold of a willing partner, well, anything goes."

I didn't know how to respond. I was caught and couldn't talk my way out of this one. I was subject to whatever Lizzy had in mind. I couldn't regain control over the situation. I sat there embarrassed, but still sporting a hell of an erection. I was aching to get off, anxious for her to continue pushing her fingers deep inside me.

But Lizzy was wiping off her fingers, what a disappointment.

"I knew it when you first arrived. Something was off. You were overly defensive when Kevin asked you about hitchhiking, when he mentioned those horny truckers, he said you turned red. When you were showering, we could both hear you moaning, and Kevin heard you say, 'please fuck me'. I think we both knew then, the trucker had fucked you, maybe more."

Resigned, I looked at Lizzy and said, "so what now?"

"Just sit up on the bed for now, you're a real cunt and should be treated like one."

Lizzy got up from the bed and walked out the door.

I hadn't been called a 'cunt' before, but I guess I deserved it, after the way I handled her and what I allowed her to do. I still had a raging hardon, my asshole needed attention and, if something didn't happen soon, I would have to jerk myself off.

After a few minutes I was brought back to reality when Lizzy entered the room and smiled at me.

Right behind her was Kevin, a devilish smile on his face.