 (This is the first of a series about a single guy who gets laid pretty often but likes the Bud Side, too. A close associate at works sends an email that stimulates conversation, and a whole lot more. As with all my stories, there is no basis in reality and the characters reflect no one I know now nor have ever known...these are merely the expression of a wild imagination. Copyright is reserved. Hope you enjoy it!)



"I got the strangest email this morning," Sam chuckled, shaking his head. We were enjoying the last warm days of late summer, sitting outside the company lunch room at one of six picnic tables. We always took a late lunch and had the area almost all to ourselves. It was a bright sunny day but without out the oppressive humidity the Northeast is sometimes noted for. "Not sure if I even want to tell you what it was about."

"Yeah, my inbox gets loaded with all sorts of crap. I thought the server filters were supposed to stop that stuff before it even got in the system," I replied. "Maybe you should ask the IT department about it. Was it spam?"

"Well, I doubt the server would catch it, seeing as how it was generated within the company here. And no, I don't think it was spam," Sam said. "It was written directly to me and not part of some spam mailing. You can always tell those. No, this was very different...and very personal." He chuckled and shook his head again. 

Sam was a good guy, married but no kids yet. He and his wife were both working to pay off college loans and then save for a down payment for another house. He is one of those guys that is a good confidant, keeps his mouth shut, works hard, and leaves the job at work. He also regularly works out at the company gym, hunts some and even plays golf. Both in our early thirties, we'd hit it off right from the very beginning when he first was hired. I'd been with this company for three years when Sam came on board and we were assigned to work on several projects together early on. Working side by side someone can either make or break any potential friendship. His easy going manner tempered the overall stressful nature of the job and I gravitated toward him over the course of time. He has a dry sense of humor and a quick wit. You did not have to try hard to like the guy. 

My eyes darted around even though there was no one close enough to hear. "I got a strange one myself. I didn't know what to make of it, seeing how I never got one like it in all my email life. It was kind of funny on the one hand because of what it contained but then it made me stop and think. I wondered who would write something like that to me," I said.

"Come on, Pete. You tell me what was in your email and I'll tell you what was in mine," Sam said, looking right at me with all kinds of curiosity leaking out his eyes.

I shrugged. "It was pretty personal in a sense and at first I couldn't tell for sure if a guy wrote it or a woman," I said. "The email went something like this: You and I work together. I can't tell you who I am because I do not want to spoil an otherwise good atmosphere here at work. There's just something about you that turns me on and I really want to have s*x with you. If you are interested, just reply to this email. Don't bother trying to trace the source of this email backward. You won't be able to do it. That's all mine said. What about yours?" I asked.

Sam leaned toward me and spoke quietly. "That's about what mine said, too, except the fact that I'm married was mentioned. It went something like this: You and I work together. I know you are married and you seem happy and believe me, I don't want to ever come between you and your wife. You are a pretty plain person but you seem to have a good heart. There's something about you that turns me on a lot. I'd really like to get it on with you sometime soon. If you are interested, just reply to this email. Don't bother trying to track this email back through the system. You won't be able to do it. That's it. I also could not tell if a man or woman wrote it but I am leaning toward the source being a guy. You?"

I nodded, "Yeah, same here. I figured if it was a woman, she'd just come on to me, unless it's someone higher up the food chain. So that's a possibility. But I just had the sense that it was a man. It's somewhat direct, despite the attempt at anonymity. Probably some guy wants to get his rocks off but doesn't want to show his hand at work and get outed. I'm kind of put off a little in some ways but it's got me wondering who would send something like that in the company email. Any ideas on this, Sam?" 

"That's about what I came up with," Sam said. "On one hand, it's intriguing to think that someone has noticed me. It's also stimulating to think that someone other than my wife wants my body. If it's a woman, there's almost always some emotional connection that they want. I'm already connected that way and really, who needs the extra diversion? On the other hand, if it's a guy, I wonder exactly what he'd want from me. Does he want to blow me? Does he want me to pork him? I mean, what?"

"Well..." I said, not sure how much to share, "I'll confess to you, I've had quite a number of blow jobs in my life. Some were real good, others were real amateurs. But the best one I ever had came from a guy in college."

Sam looked at me, eyes probing to see if I was just bull shitting him. I stared back, eyes direct and unwavering. Sam blinked first, looked away briefly, then took a sip of soda and turned back to me. "Since you opened the door, I'll also confess I had several of them in college," Sam said. He seemed to get more animated as he spoke further, "The best blow jobs I ever had came from this one guy. Let me explain a little. In the frat house, we would do all sorts of things. You know how that is, guys walking around naked half the time. There was a guy on the regatta team, he always had chicks hanging on his arm, he got laid regular just like the rest of us. He was usually kind of quiet, studied hard most of the time, kept in shape, kept to himself most of the time. It was the same way for me, chicks always somewhere near at hand, gym time, golf team, yada, yada. We had pretty similar schedules for three semesters running and we'd often end up in the showers at the same time. At first, we were both demure, you know, not necessarily shy but not overly chatty either."

"Well, this is news," I said. "All of a sudden, anonymous emails open the door to a conversation I never thought I'd want to have. Go on, then, what about the showers?" Secretly, I was excited and interested.

"Well, you're not slowing me down are you? There's a lot more interest than I would have thought...hmmm" Sam said, then kept right on going, "Anyway, one morning, we were showering, you know, just guys in the shower doing our own thing. I got done, turned the water off and it seemed to me that this other dude was timing things so we would be done together. I began to towel off and he came over and we made small talk. Then Eric, that's the guy's name, he reaches over and squeezes my upper arm and says to me, 'Hey, can I talk to you about something? It's kind of private. Could we go talk in my room...that is, if you have a couple of minutes.' I wondered what was up but I thought maybe he just needed a different perspective about something, a different angle maybe. And that is part of having a frat brother anyhow. So I agreed."

"Well, okay Sam, I took the bait by asking you to continue," I said. I looked him right in the eye and said, "Now it seems like you are setting the hook. Go on, then, finish your story."

"On one condition, though. You tell me your story when I'm done. Agreed?" Sam asked.

I nodded. We had to get back to work fairly soon. I wondered where this would all lead.

"So we grab out stuff, wind towels around our waists and go back to his room. He motioned me inside first, then followed me in and locked the door behind him. 'Hey, what's up, man? Why the locked door?' I asked. 'Well, like I said, this is real private and it's about to get real personal. I don't really know how else to go about this so here goes. When I was in high school, I had a buddy who would give me blow jobs the next morning after I had fucked my girlfriend. We'd have a prearranged meeting place. If I was there, that meant I'd gotten laid the night before and he'd get in my car and just get down and do me. He really liked giving head plus he really got turned on by the smell of pussy all over my cock. Well, anyway, I enjoyed it so much that after a while, he asked me to return the favor. So I did. I haven't really thought about it for a while but now that I am getting pussy all the time, I'm getting kind of bored to some degree and want something different every so often. I got to looking around at the other frat brothers but most of them are whores and I would really rather not catch anything. Then I noticed that you and I seem to have similar schedules most of the time. I've been watching you fairly close. You seem like a decent guy and it looks like you're getting laid pretty often but with the same girl. Anyway, I was wondering, I mean...man, this is harder than I thought it would be....'"

"Well???? Don't leave me hanging, Sam" I said. "So what happened?"

Sam kept the story going. "The poor guy was hemming and hawing so I said, 'So you thought that you would approach me and offer to blow me after I had fucked my girlfriend, hoping that I'd be so thrilled that after a while I'd offer to blow you back? Is that where this is going?' Eric smiled at me and said, 'Well, yea, sort of...yeah, that's basically what I had in mind.' Pete, it was the coolest thing. I mean, here is this guy, a stud really when you think of it. And he's offering to suck my pussy soaked Johnson. I made the guy squirm a little bit though. I put up several objections which, apparently, he was prepared for because he had an answer for them right away. Finally I said to him, 'Well, Eric, I got fucked a whole two days ago so I'm not sure if there's any pussy nectar left anywhere. But there's one way for you to find out for sure.' So I released my towel from my waist and beckoned Eric over to see if he could find any pussy aftertaste anywhere."

Just that quick, Sam looked at his watch. "Uh oh, we are past due on lunch break. We'll have to pick this up later. Come on, Pete, we've got work to do."

"Sam, what the fuck, man? Why are you all of a sudden such a prick? Since when do you care about how long a lunch break you take? Come on, yourself, dude. Finish the story," I pleaded.

"It'll take too long to finish, honest," Sam replied. "On the long lunch thing, I got called on the carpet the other day and was told to shape up. We'll finish it later. I've got time to kill. My wife is gone on a business trip of her own, left this morning and gone till Thursday. We can finish the story over a couple of brews after work, if you're not already booked."

"It's Monday, man. Nothing happens on Monday nights. We'll grab a pizza and watch football at my place where you can finish your story. I've got some beer in the fridge already. You prick. You planned this all, I bet," I said.

"Be careful of baseless accusations, Pete. You're my friend, don't forget, and friends can be pricks to one another every so often. Hey, what do we do about the emails?" he asked.

"I'm going to answer mine as neutrally as possible and see what happens. I'd like to know what the real story is," I responded.

"That's what I'll do too, then. In the meantime, back to work," Sam sighed.

Once back at my desk, I feigned serious work while I waited for the rest of the afternoon to pass. I'd had some experience with guys before so it was not a big deal for me, really. I had enough women to date when I wanted get my dick wet. None were serious for me because it was all too much attachment. I was not ready or willing to settle down yet. Most of the girls were either idiots or clueless in the sack, no matter how patient I was with them. I had yet to find the right combination of intellectual stimulation and sexual adventure in one woman. I was in no hurry. 

Besides, I also liked hanging with the buds, especially the two or three regular guys that shared my intense, if only occasional, sexual interest in each other. I actually liked these guys and we were good friends first. Drunken bodies and wanton passions broke down the natural barriers between us on one particularly eventful night and frankly, we just enjoyed the man to man stuff from time to time. I did not even need another bud, for that matter. But I surely did like Sam as a friend, so I was a little bit curious to see what might come of our conversation and brews tonight.

I was still quite intrigued about that email so when I got a break in my work tasks, I responded. It went like this: I don't know who you are and I don't know if I'm interested or not. This could be a big scam to get me busted from my job somehow. Prove yourself, that you are genuine and real. I hit the 'send' button and it disappeared from my screen and my mind for a while. I check my email frequently as I get lots of mail that needs a quick turn around time and ten minutes later I found this response: I will show myself to you within the next twenty four hours. 'Well, this should be interesting,' I thought to myself.

The afternoon passed somewhat slowly. I have usually hated Mondays anyway so I half expect a lousy day as it is. After a while, it was finally quitting time. I met up with Sam and we headed out to the parking lot together, chatting about absolutely nothing. When we got to my car, he suggested we get the pizza and take it back to my place and get started. He lived way across town and didn't really feeling like driving all the way home, then back again. He had a change of clothes for the gym and said he was willing to chill out in that. So we stopped at Pizza Palace and picked up a King's Ransom Pizza, EBA. We picked up some more beer and headed back to my place.

I have a real nice condo bought with some trust fund money, which also provides a monthly stipend. I usually live off the trust fund and invest my own income in the stock market (I found that I am a whole lot more careful when I invest what I have worked for.). I have achieved a certain amount of competency in the market and have built up my own sizeable portfolio. Over the last four years running, I have tripled my invested income and am very close to being independently wealthy. I keep working my regular job for the health insurance and to continue building my fortune and to keep myself focused. 

I have all the latest gadgets at home, including an expensive sound system, a large plasma HDTV, TIVO, etc. It has two bedrooms, two full baths (actually, a master bedroom and bath, which has a two person shower and has provided the setting for some interesting sexual play), full chef's kitchen, etc. It's a great place to come home to, and a great place to entertain. Sam had been here before but only long enough to pick me up or drop me off on our way to do other things.

Sam and I exchanged the store beer for some cold ones and settled in at the table to eat the pizza. "Okay Sam, let's hear the rest of the story. We left off with you undoing your towel, if memory serves me correctly," I said.

Taking a bite of pizza, Sam said, "I'll finish that after we eat and settle in to watch football. I have my reasons and I won't cheat you, I promise. But what about the email? Did you respond?"

I took a slug of beer to wash down a bite of pizza, then nodded and said, "Yeah, as neutral as possible. No commitment on my end at all, just asked for some proof of genuine interest. About fifteen minutes later I got an answer that said I would find out for sure within twenty four hours. It'll be interesting to see how that all comes to the surface. Anyway, what about you? Did you respond?"

Sam shook his head, "Nah, I got too busy and then it slipped my mind. Not too worried about it one way or the other. Changing the subject, you have a nice place here, Pete. You going to give me the grand tour when we're done with the pizza?"

I nodded. "Sure," I said, "but it's not that big and it won't take long. I will admit that I am proud of my crib, though. It's got everything a guy in my position would want. If and when I ever get married, I'll either have to remodel some or just sell it and start from scratch. But I am in no hurry anyway. I can't seem to find the right combination of intellect and adventure together in one woman."

"Well, I surely love my wife. She is smart, and independent to some degree. She's pretty fulfilling on the physical end, too. I'm sure the right one will come along for you, Pete. Just be patient," Sam said.

We continued making small talk and had some more pizza. I am good for a couple of slices before I get full. Sam had three and called it quits. We put the leftovers in the fridge and grabbed another beer each.

"Come on, Sam, I'll show you around now," I said. "Then we'll settle in the den. You can finish your story and we'll watch some football. Way?"

"Way, Pete," Sam said, "Hey, as long as we are heading to the private chambers, do you mind if I change into something 'not work'?" 

"Not at all, man. In fact, I'll change, too. This way," I said and headed for the stairs.

The first doors at the head of the stairs were the guest room and the full bath. I have a cleaning lady come in once a week to keep things clean and tidy so everything was looking good. We went past hall closets to the master bedroom, which dominated the rest of the upstairs layout.

"Nice king bed, Pete. Gets a lot of use, it looks like!" Sam joked and offered his hand for a fist bump. I barely took the time to throw the covers back over the bed that morning. It was a bit messy. I'm glad that at least I had disposed of some used rubbers.

"Besides sleeping, you mean?" I laughed, putting knuckles to knuckles. "Yeah, a fair amount. I gave it a good work out Saturday night and a good part of the day Sunday. This particular chick I had over fucks like a bunny. Plus she gets wet quick and stays wet for a long while. I put her through her paces, for sure. For flat out fucking, it was good. I generally don't get close enough to women emotionally to make it very fulfilling on the other side of things but that will come someday. You said so yourself. Anyhow, for pure physical release, it was good."

"Things will work out for you, Pete. I'm sure of it. You're a stud. You'll find the right woman," Sam said, suddenly earnest, and looking me directly in the eye. I held his gaze but found my heart pounding as his eyes bore into me. I suddenly felt naked and exposed before him and I could not tell why.

"Bathroom's over here," I said, breaking eye contact and moving across the room. Sam fell in step directly behind me, and close. Why was my heart pounding? Something about the way Sam had looked at me caused some locked doors to come unhinged inside of me. I had to concentrate to control my breathing and to not let my sudden nervousness show.

I stepped across the marble threshold and stopped in front of the mirror. Sam followed and stood close to me, well inside my private zone, coming to a stop less than an inch from me. I stood facing the mirror, with Sam perpendicular to me. When Sam turned toward the mirror, our eyes met and we held each other's gaze once again. I simply could not break Sam's lock on my eyes. It felt like he had wedged his foot in my door somehow but the intrusion was non-threatening, even welcome, and I began to feel naked once again but with no shame. I had been here before with some other buds whose close friendship I greatly enjoyed. I began to think that my inner circle of buds might grow by one. My face felt hot and it was then that I noticed a pink tint growing not only in my own reflection in the mirror but in Sam's also.
