 (This story is a continuation of Strange Emails and Sam is about to finish the story concerning his college bud Eric. As always, this story is a figment of my imagination/desire. I'd long for bj bud like the guys in my story. These characters are fictional and have no basis in fact or in my life or the life of anyone I know.I hope you enjoy it and please leave helpful feedback.)





After a couple of minutes, Sam rolled over and pulled a pillow under his head. "Now, you ready for the rest of my story? You want the long version or the condensed one?" he asked.

"I'll take the condensed version. I guess I'd like to write some more of our own story, if you are up to it," I replied.

"You bet I am," Sam said eagerly. "Okay, here's the short version. Eric came over to me and found the pussy juice he was hoping to find. He got down on his knees right there and gave me the best head I'd ever had, up to that point. It wasn't just him going up and down on my dick, that's something even an amateur could do. No way! He gave me head like he really enjoyed it...let me rephrase that: he seemed to absolutely love my cock, my nuts, my bush, my foreskin, everything. He moaned like he was the one that was going to cum. Of course, that turned me on big time. Hell, man, you know it's like to have somebody really want your cock, it's a huge turn on."

I reached over and pinched his nipple kind of hard and said, "Like a few minutes ago, you mean? Your moaning turned me on all right."

Sam reached over to me and yanked the hair on my leg, causing me to yip out loud. He said, "Actually, I was thinking of how bad you wanted my cock, Eric boy. Anyway, the rest of the story goes like this: he blew me right fine that morning, sucked all my cum down his throat, then stood up and pounded his meat for a couple of minutes until he shot all over my stomach and dick and everything. Then without skipping a beat, he went right down and licked everything off. That was cool, I don't mind telling you. By this time we had classes to get to, so he just thanked me real quick and I headed back to my room."

"Any brothers see you leaving his room?" I asked.

"In fact, one did. It was funny. He saw me coming out of Eric's room with the towel around my waist, could see my hair almost dry by then, quickly put two and two together, just kind of chuckled and shook his head and kept right on going. It didn't really seem to bother him. After all, frat houses are meant for sex and there is not too much shame among guys anymore, probably not like it used to be," he said.

"Okay, so what happened from there? I'm guessing there's more to the story," I said.

Sam nodded and said, "Sure is. Couple days later, we're in the shower and Eric gives me the look. He's hanging on his pecker and looks right at me and licks his lips. I grin and nod and next thing I know, he's following me to my room. We go in and I lock the door and he says to me, 'You ever taste your own cum?' I said, 'Sure, once, a long time ago when I was a puberty boy. Gotta try everything then, right?' 'I 'spose,' he says. 'How about if you shoot on me and then lick it off? You be willing to try that? It would turn me on a whole lot,' he says.

"Is this where you become a real live homo?" I ask.

"Actually no," Sam said and laughed. "I told Eric, 'Look, I'm just getting used to this. You do me again today, you can cum on me again if you want and lick it off like before. Then one more blow job from you, and I'll see about licking my cum off you after that. That's my offer.' Eric kind of thinks about it for a few seconds, shrugs and says, 'Okay, I can live with that. Besides, I can tell by the way you look at me. You may not have sucked dick before but you want it. Me doing you is just priming the pump is all. Okay, just so we're on the same page, I blow you twice, cum on you in between and lick it off, then you'll cum on me and lick your cum off, is that right?' So I nod and say, 'That's the deal.' I get comfortable on my bed and he sucks me just fine. I get ready for him to jack off, but he just jumps off the bed, says 'Thanks for the load,' and he's gone."

"So he's playing you some, huh?" I chuckled.

Sam laughed, "Yeah, the fucker! He knew what he was doing for sure. Next day, same thing in the shower, back to his room this time. He pushes me into a chair, starts pumping his rod right in front of my face. Did I mention he was circumcised, about 9 inches and straight as an arrow? Anyway, he's pumping his rod. I am getting mesmerized by the show, I'm hard and oozing. Eric pulls me to my feet, squeezes my dick and smears my junk all over his cock. My first time ever having cock to cock contact, it electrified me. He uses my stuff to lube his joint, pushes me back in the chair, leans forward and slaps me on the face with his hard dick. He just kind of bounces the head of his cock across from one side of my face to the other. I get a whiff of his bush and he's slapping my own stuff onto my face. By now his stuff is oozing out and he strokes himself some more and now he's putting his stuff on my face."

"Okay, you got me going again, Sam, I'm hard over here...we'll have business to do shortly. What's next?" I ask.

"He's reading me like a large print book is what! 'Change of plans,' he says. 'You're ready right now.' He pulls my head forward and smears his cock all over my face. In a split second, I am chasing his cock with my mouth. I want it, he knows it, and he plays me all the way. 'Lick my nuts, bud,' he says and pulls my face right into his crotch. 'One at a time. That's right, cock bud. You sure you never did this before? You sure seem like you want cock bad. Easy now, get both balls in your mouth, easy now, easy on the jewels, bud. That's it.'"

I'm lying there on the bed with my cock flaring to beat the band. I start stroking it slowly, spit into my hand for some lube and tell Sam, "Keep going man, it's a great story."

"So there I am, with a mouthful of nuts and about choking cuz they're dry and much bigger in my mouth than they seemed just hanging there. 'Lick 'em, lube 'em up,' Eric says. This apparently is where I become a real live homo because all of a sudden, I can't get enough of Eric. I suck his nuts and lick them and get them nice and lubed in my mouth. I suck right up to his root and I can feel his hardness on my lips. All of a sudden, his balls are not enough for me. He's reading me right to the core because he says, 'You're ready for the tube, aren't you buddy?' He pushes my head back away from his crotch and his nuts plop out of my mouth and he starts feeding me his cock. He's holding my head and pumping his dick in and out of my mouth. 'Yeah, that's it Sam, you're good and you never even knew it till I showed up. You're glad you met me, I'll bet,' he says. I try to tell him how full of himself he is, except that I am the one full of himself, as it were. 'We're gonna do a double here, Sam. Here comes number one.' He pulls me to my feet and pumps his jizz all over me. He's getting it on my chest, on my gut, all over my bush and cock, on my leg. He finally stops shooting but he keeps pumping and he stays rock hard."

I'm stroking nice and steady. Sam reaches down and starts stroking his meat too. We're laying side by side, pillows stuffed under our heads, stroking our cocks in a similar rhythm and I'm thinking to myself, 'This is the most fun stroking I've had in a long, long time.'

"So Eric proceeds to lick me clean from top to bottom, never skipping a beat with his own meat. He saves my bush and cock for last and goes to town on my cock. Well, I'm so fucking horned that it doesn't take long and I tell him, 'Fuck man, here it comes, man, here it comes, oh shit....' So Eric keeps sucking and as soon as I start blowing my load he backs off and strokes me while I cum all over him, on his face, his chest, his bush, and cock and balls, everywhere! He squeezes my cock so hard it hurts but he keeps pumping and keeps me just as hard as I was before I came. I'm panting like crazy and moaning and he says, 'Clean up duty, Sam...clean me up now, clean me up.'

We pick up our stroking. Sam rolls my way and spreads his stuff all over my cock and hand and kisses me hard, no tongue. Man, I'm hot on this...a great way to spend the evening, to be sure.

"So I start licking my own jizz off Eric. It was so fucking erotic, licking my jizz off this hard body dude...WOW! Man, it was great. I can hardly control myself as I stroke myself while I am licking him all over. I lick his bush clean and get 2 or 3 pubes in my mouth and for once, I just don't even care. I keep right on going and start sucking Eric's dick. He wipes his sticky hands on my head when he reaches behind me and pulls me onto his cock. I'm stroking to beat the band and Eric starts raping my mouth, no kidding. He's piston fucking my face. 'Curl your lips around your teeth, asshole. What are you trying to do, draw blood?' he says to me. So I curl my lips and spread spit all over his cock and he keeps pumping hard. 'That's better Sam, much better. Oh yeah, fucker, here it comes, fuck boy, drink it all in, take it now, suck boy, take it!' and he forces my mouth all the way down his cock. I start gagging and that seems to spur him on because he just kept fucking my face without mercy, no matter how much I gag."

We're both stroking hard and fast now. I feel a thunderous explosion coming. I roll over and straddle Sam while I am stroking. "Keep going man, I'm gonna cum soon. Keep talking," I beg.

"So Eric pulls off just when I'm about to puke. He shoots one or two more blasts into my mouth, pulls me to my feet, kisses me hard and sucks some of his cum out, then drops to his knees and says, 'Come on Sam, show me what kind of fucker you are. See if you can fuck my face as hard as I fucked yours.' So I grab him by the hair and pull him hard onto my cock and I hold him by the hair while I start fucking his face like I never fucked anything before. I am piston fucking Eric for all I'm worth and all he can do is moan. I pull him all the way down my cock and tell him, 'If you puke on me, you're licking me clean, fuck face.' He started laughing or something because next thing I know, I feel him trying to swallow my dick. I can feel all this muscle action all over my cock head and halfway down my shaft. I couldn't pull out of him if I wanted to. Then all of a sudden, everything starts blasting. I am literally convulsing and fucking his face and Eric's doing all he can to swallow every inch of me."

I am looking Sam full in the face and he's staring right back at me, both of us stroking fast and furious. I feel flush as he says, "Give me some room, Pete. Let me get up on my knees and we'll cum all over each other. Don't cum yet, man. I want to cum with you."

I hike my leg back and to the side and help him to his knees with my free left hand. We both keep stroking hard and fast. "Oh, fuck man, I'm gonna cum, Sam. Oh, man, it's coming," I holler.

"Me, too, Pete, me too, oh fuck, man...look at me Pete, look at me," Sam gasps.

I look in his eyes as I start cumming all over him. He pumps hard once, twice and bam! He starts shooting his load all over me. We kept our eyes locked on each other as we kept pumping and shooting all over the place, the hard early shots make it across and the later ones end up all over our hands. Sam reached over and pulled me up tight to him. We kissed hard and fell sideways on the bed. He rolled over on top of me and we kept kissing and sliming our bodies together, mixing our cum into one very sticky glue, grinding and moving together and mashing our softening dicks against each other. Finally, Sam broke the kiss and plopped down on his back next to me.

After a few minutes of heavy breathing and pounding hearts, Sam broke the silence. "Holy fuck, Pete. You are some kind of hot fucking man," Sam said.

"No shit, man, that was fucking intense. Great story, Sam," I said. I rolled toward him and waited until he looked over at me. "This is the hottest sex I've had in some time. I'm really glad to get to know you like this. That was just fucking great, man, just fucking great." I leaned in and kissed him hard one more time, then fell onto my back.

My mind was spinning from the absolute abandonment and release. I was settling back into the contented quietness of a spent body when the phone rang.

TO BE CONTINUED