 Strange Days 2: Hospital hot bed

Editor's note: I find that my characters are victims, unable to control their circumstances, surprised at what they do. They feel ashamed that they didn't avoid these situations and worse, let themselves give in to pleasures they couldn't understand. John is one of them and after the experience with Lars, the trucker, finds himself spiraling down the rabbit hole. This is another step towards weird, giving 'fetish' a new level of definition. Outrageous.

Put yourselves in John's character, if you dare.

We arrived in Erie, PA about five thirty, it was a warm Monday evening. Lars dropped me off a half mile from my friend's house. He looked at me with a smile and said, "I'm glad I picked you up, you're a nice guy and you sure know how to handle a cock."

What could I say to that. I had given him a blow job just outside of Erie. Lars came so strong, I was glad he had pulled off the road. I swallowed every drop, licked him clean and sat up in my seat. Lars had said, "John, that's some goodbye. You've learned how to give head, it was great."

I didn't know if I should be proud or terrified.

I grabbed my suitcase and gig bag, (did I mention I was a musician,) and stepped down from the cab. I watched him pull away before walking to my friend's house. While walking, I tried to rationalize the events of the last day. I kept telling myself, it wasn't my fault, it just happened. I was completely confused. I hoped it was only a onetime thing and I could forget about it and move on.

I arrived and rang the bell. Kevin answered the door immediately.

"Hi John, been waiting for you, how was the trip?"

"It was easy," I replied, "picked up in Jersey and dropped off just down the road."

"Nice going," Kevin said, "come on in; Lizzy's not home, still working, but we planned on a nice dinner tonight, it's a new place in town."

Kevin has been my friend for many years. He is married to a beautiful girl, Elizabeth, but we all call her Lizzy. I met Lizzy some years back, when Kevin arranged a double date. Although both girls were hot, Lizzy had it all and I was so taken by her. We all spent the night at Kevin's place and although I had a great time fucking, I kept thinking of Lizzy in the next room, naked. It drove me crazy.

My dreams of Lizzy were not to be, She and Kevin connected and were married two years later. I was in the wedding party, happy for them both, but still enamored with Lizzy.

Kevin spoke up and broke my trance, "I'm impressed you were not afraid to hitchhike, I've heard all kind of horror stories."

"Horror stories?" I asked surprised, "never heard of any problems."

"Those truckers get horny on the road, they pick up a hitchhiker and before you know it, their fucking your ass or forcing you to give head, I wouldn't take the chance."

I hoped that Kevin didn't see the flush on my cheeks. I couldn't help but remember the hard fucking I got from Lars, the feeling of his cock inserted deep in my ass or the cum I swallowed giving him head. Trying to get my feelings under control, I said, "it doesn't matter, I didn't see any of that going on."

"Well you were lucking, I'm glad."

We talked for about one hour when we heard Lizzy come in from the garage. She came around the corner and said, "Hi John, you made it, nice to see you again."

She looked as hot as ever, standing five feet seven inches, around one hundred and thirty-five pounds with a great figure. We embraced, "Lizzy it's great to see you too."

The evening was fun, we laughed and joked, talking about old times. At one-point Lizzy turned to me and ask, "so John, how is your love life, anyone special?"

"No, not really, I've been waiting to settle down before getting involved, you know the drill."

"Sure," she said, "Just don't wait too long,"

Kevin chimed in, "talking about settling down, you know my business is internet sales and I happened to meet someone that wants to promote his music business. It just so happens he is a record producer. His business is finding new talent, working with them, hopefully to break into the record business."

"That sounds interesting," I said, "would be great to meet with someone whose connected."

"I thought so too, so I mentioned I had a friend. I told him you were busting with talent and he wouldn't be disappointed. I took the liberty to set something up for next week."

"I knew I could count on you Kevin, that sounds wonderful. What time is the appointment?"

"I've got all the details at home, we'll put it together later."

The dinner was great, but I was tired and looked forward to a good night's sleep. When we arrive back at the house, Lizzy showed me to my room and where the main bathroom was, gave me a towel and wash cloth, then said, "good night, John, sweet dreams."

I took my pants off and sat on the bed in my shorts and undershirt. I couldn't get the ride here out of my mind. I was afraid it changed something in me, I just didn't know what. About then I heard Lizzy talking in the hallway, then I heard the bathroom door shut. Shortly after, the water was running, my thought immediately went to Lizzy standing in the shower. The image got me hot. The feeling gave me hope that I was still normal, I'm still lusting after women, I'm safe.

I heard the shower stop, the bathroom door open and knew Lizzy was back in her room. I grabbed my towel and headed down the hall to the bathroom. I locked the door, put my towel down and pulled off my undershirt. When I reached for my shorts, a feeling came over me. I didn't simply pull them down, I did it slowly enjoying it. As they slipped over my ass, I felt so horny, I could feel my cock getting hard. What the hell was this.

I stood there naked, aching for someone to play with my ass. I had to restrain a desire to leave the bathroom and walk around naked. Maybe Lizzy would come out of her room and see me.

My asshole twitched at the thought. It was a weird, tingling sensation I'd never felt before.

I reach down for my cock and began to jerk myself off. While jerking, my free hand went to my ass. I felt it, as if for the first time, smooth and firm. I turned to see my ass in the mirror imagining how it must have looked to Lars when I first stripped for him. My fingers teased my ass crack slowly traveling up and down.

My cock was rock hard as my fingers continued their way to my asshole. When I touched my hole, my whole body shook. A chill went from head to toe. I felt my cock come close to exploding. I inserted my finger, it felt so good.

Out of control, I heard myself say, "please fuck me." I imagined Lars finger fucking me, and it brought on such a rush. Then I came.

I showered and went to bed, hoping that this was nothing more than a weak moment.

Over the next few days, I was very self-conscious, worried about these strange thoughts and desires, wondering if they showed on my face. Once while showering, I purposely left the door ajar. It excited me to think Lizzy or maybe Kevin might peek in when I stepped out of the shower. The thought made me so horny. Holding on to the feeling, I would go back to my room and jerk off. Sometimes I would fantasize that Lizzy might walk in while I was jerking, take hold of my cock and say, "I'll take care of that for you." I've never had thoughts like that before.

Since my hitchhiking experience, I have noticed these changes. I loved being naked anytime I was alone, no matter where, I would feel the need to strip and jerk off. Sometimes I would press my ass up against a window, hoping no one was watching, and hoping everyone was watching. I noticed that my asshole kept reminding me it was there. I felt it flexing, wanting attention. I would squeeze it, but that would only increase my need to insert something and stop the longing. Sometimes I looked around for anything that might make a suitable dildo.

I used to jerk off with pictures of naked, beautiful woman, but now can't get myself going. When I imagined surrendering my ass, my cock would get rock hard and soon explode. What will become of me?

One evening, we decided to go out to eat. We went to this local bar and enjoyed some pizza and beer. We met several friends of Kevin and Lizzy, nice people and successful professionals. Billy was one of them and we hit it off. He was a doctor, still single and employed at a local hospital. I told him I was fascinated by all that doctor and hospital stuff.

"Why don't you come by tomorrow, towards the end of my shift. I'll show you around," Billy said.

"Really, that would be great. What time would you want me there?"

"About five, five thirty would work,"

The next day I arrived as scheduled. I found Billy on the second floor, at the nurse's station.

"Hi Billy."

"Hi John, glad you could make it. Just a second and I'll be finished here."

After a few minutes, Billy looked up and said, "let's go to the doctor's lounge, I need a cup of coffee."

When we got our coffee, we sat at a small table, so Billy could take a break.

"What's your specialty?" I asked Billy.

"I'm a general practitioner and therapist, I help patients get back in shape."

"What, like massages and stuff?", I asked.

"It's not that simple, I help tone the body, help patients feel better."

"That's what I need," I blurted out, "after driving for 12 hours and doing nothing the last few days, I just feel stiff and out of shape."

"You don't look out of shape to me. Just get out and move around more,"

"Yea, I know, but it's just that ...."

Cutting me off, Billy asked, "John, do you want me to check you out?"

"Check me out?"

"Check your muscle groups, see if you're cramped up, massage where needed and relax any tension, I would be glad to do it for you."

Although I was reluctant to take him up on his offer, I admit it sounded like a good idea. I looked at Billy and said, "if you have the time, I'm game, maybe it will loosen me up."

I followed Billy to an open, rather large, examination room. It had a bathroom with a shower and was loaded with medical equipment. He told me to take everything off and handed me a gown. "You should take a shower before the exam, there are towels and wash cloths on the shelve."

He left the room and said he would be back in a few minutes. As I stripped, that feeling came up in me again. I was in a strange room, door unlocked and a chance someone might walk in. I stood there completely naked for about five minutes, waiting for something to happen, nothing did. Feeling foolish, I grabbed a wash cloth and got in the shower. When I was done, I toweled off, put on the gown and sat on the table.

Billy came back and said, "ok, let's see what we can do for you." He asked me to lay down on the examination table, on my stomach. As I lay there, my asshole started to twitch again, a feeling I can't explain, it was super sensitive. He took some stuff out of the cabinets, put them on the counter and came over to the table.

Billy said, "I'm going to start with the muscle groups on your back, buttock and legs. Let your muscles relax, it will make the procedure easier." As he was talking, he separated the gown, exposing my back.

I liked the feeling of lying there on my stomach, but was nervous when I felt my cock getting hard. What would I say if that happened. In my mind I imagined how I must look laying there naked, waiting. That didn't help, my cock started squirming, I was in trouble.

I felt Billy's hands on my back working my shoulder muscles. "John, I can tell you're very tense, usually that means there is something bothering you, tightening your muscles."

"I can't think of anything, there's no reason to be tense."

"Well, I'm just saying, you're very tight, we'll have to see what we can do about that."

Billy worked his way down and over the small of my back. When his hands reached my ass, I couldn't help squirming at his touch. He continued to massage my ass cheeks, slowly grabbing each cheek, making a fist and pushing down hard. Whenever he got close to my asshole, my cheeks would tense up. I had to resist the urge to push back and wiggle my ass around to line up his fingers with my hole. I had to stop thinking about it.

That's when Billy said, "most of the time I work with older patients, so it's a pleasure to work with someone younger. You've got to know you have a nice body and a nicely shaped ass."

"Thanks, I've heard that before," I said, wondering why he commented on my ass.

"Bet you have, hope you don't mind me saying so," Billy said, continuing to massage my ass.

I loved my ass being played with, even while I fight the taboo pleasures it produces in me. I kept repeating to myself, I'm not gay, I'm not gay. How would I face Kevin if something happened here? Would Billy tell Kevin what I was like, would Lizzy find out? I had to control myself.

Billy said, "John, can I ask you a personal question?"

"Yea sure, I guess," I answered apprehensively.

"We don't know each other, and I hope you won't be offended, but are you gay?"

"What gives you that idea, no, I love women, they turn me on. I'm a normal guy."

"Sorry, I had to ask, don't be so defensive. I admit, I'm bi and like sex with both men and women."

The guy playing with my ass is bi, here I go again. I felt like excusing myself, dressing and going home. I was trying to ignore my desires and get out of there, but I just lay still, as he felt me up.

Billy continued, "it's just that I feel you responding to my touch. It seems you are warming up; laying on your cock must be uncomfortable. It's getting hard, isn't it?"

"What does that matter." I replied, "it has a mind of its own. It doesn't mean anything."

"I'm just saying, when I touched your ass, your response was so provocative, you don't realize how inviting that can be."

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to do that. I just...."

Billy interrupted, "it's fine, no need to be embarrassed."

Billy was spending a lot of time working my ass. A few minutes later, in almost a whisper, he asked, "John, would you mind if I played around a little."

"Played around?" I asked, surprised.

"It's just that with twenty-hour days, my sex life doesn't exist. It would be a big favor if you would let me play with your ass. I could get off on that."

"What do you by 'play'," I asked, but he didn't answer.

I was at a loss for words, Billy was a friend of my best friend, what can I say. It's my fault, I opened the door to this by accepting his offer for the exam. Anyway, it's only playing.

His hands remained on my ass cheeks, but this time his touch was different. I guess he wasn't waiting for my ok.

He placed his hands between my cheeks and spread them apart. I heard him take a deep breath and waited for what he intended to do.

"Damn John, your asshole is nearly hairless, pink and amazing."

"I guess," I said.

"Really, I mean it, do you bleach it or something?" Billy said laughing, "it's going to be fun playing doctor with this ass."

"No, I don't bleach it, are you kidding and 'Play doctor' Billy I...."

"It will be fun, we'll have a good time, promise."

I didn't understand what he was talking about, I had looked back at Billy to ask again what 'playing' meant, but he wasn't there. He had gone to the counter and picked up something.

When Billy came back, he was shaking something he held in his hand. He looked down at me and said, "I think you feel a little warm. I have to take your temperature."

Now I could see he was holding a thermometer. Billy saw me looking, "this is a rectal thermometer, it will give a more accurate reading, it shouldn't be uncomfortable."

I felt foolish as I watched him stick the thermometer in some Vaseline, then turn to me. He used his fingers to expose my asshole and slowly inserted it. I could hardly feel it, it kind of tickled as it went in.

"How are you doing John?"

"I'm alright."

"Only another minute," Billy said.

I thought, he must really be enjoying himself.

After a minute Billy pulled the thermometer out, looked at it and said, "just a bit high, no big deal."

I kept looking back, trying to keep track of what he was up to. I could see the mounds of my ass, all exposed. That horny feeling was there again.

He went to a small closet and wheeled something out. I couldn't make out what it was until he came around to the side of the table. It was all the equipment needed for an enema. I wasn't ready for this and started to object.

"Billy, why, I've never had an enema. Why should I have to go through this now?"

"John, I'm the doctor, you have to do what I say."

While he was scolding me, he lubed the nozzle, and started to fill the bag with water. Too much water.

"Hey Billy, go light on the water please."

"I'm not going to use it all, it gives the water more force. You'll tell me when you can't take anymore.

He asked me to turn on my side. I shifted, he lifted my ass cheek and inserted the nozzle. As it slid in, it felt longer then it looked, but not uncomfortable. Billy said, "Ok, are you ready?"

"Ready" is all I replied.

I heard Billy loosen the clip and immediately felt the warm water filling me. When I looked back, I saw the tube going into my ass, it made me nervous, it was strange, but it wasn't bad.

"Oh, wow, so this is an enema, I can feel it going in." I said.

"John, I want you to look at me while I give you the enema."

"Ok, but why do you want me to look at you" I said

Billy replied, "I like watching your reaction as I fill up that ass of yours."

I started feeling pressure and had to tighten my asshole to retain the water. I guess it showed on my face.

The pressure was becoming painful as the water kept flowing. "Billy, stop! I can't hold it in."

He clipped the tube which helped with the pressure, it began to calm down.

"John, is that all you can handle, are you kidding?"

Looking up at Billy, he seemed disappointed, so I said, "No, I can take more."

Billy smiled and checked the nozzle, wiggled it around a little. I shivered all over. He opened the clip and watched my eyes go wide as water continued to stream into me. After what felt like forever, he clipped it shut and ask, "well?"

"It feels strange Billy, but if you want, I can take more."

Why am I saying that?

Billy opened the clip again and the flow continued, however after a few seconds the flow stopped.

I asked, "what happened?"

"No more water, you took the whole bag."

I couldn't believe it, but didn't have time to think about it. The pressure was demanding I get it out quickly. I jumped off the table and ran to the bathroom. When all was done, I stepped in the shower again, toweled off and returned to the table. Billy was waiting for me.

The gown I was wearing had been removed so I just laid back down on the table, naked, on my stomach and amazed at what had happened.

After I laid down, I turned my head to see what Billy was up to. His back was turned to me, so I asked, "What are you doing over there?"

"Getting ready for the next part of the exam."

"Didn't you play enough, I can't believe I'm letting you do this to me. I hope you're discreet or I'm in trouble."

"Don't worry John, Doctor patient privilege, remember?"

"Yes, but we're playing doctor, I'm nervous, I think we should stop."

"John, just lay on your stomach and keep quiet, I'll say when we're done."

Why was he so demanding? I didn't do anything but give in to him. I was thinking this over when Billy turned around. He had something in his hand I've never seen before and couldn't figure out what it was.

"Billy, what is that thing?"

"It's a speculum, it's usually used for vaginal examinations. I need this to look inside you.

"What are you talking about, inside me?"

"Listen John, I'm through arguing. From now on, instead of complaining, you're going to help with this exam, do you understand?"
