 (This is the continuing story of work buddies who have become more than casual acquaintances. After some mutual blow jobs and an intense jack off session, Pete and Same are joined by Sam's long time buds Matt and Kevin. Suddenly a twosome becomes a foursome and a great time was had by all. Hope you enjoy. As with all my writings, these characters and situations are a figment of my imagination and, sadly, have no basis in the reality of my everyday life. I sure do enjoy writing the stories, though.)



I contemplated who might be calling as I reached for the phone. "Your dime," I said.

"Hey Pete, this is Kevin, what's up?" the voice on the line said.

"Hey, Kevin, actually, right now, not too much is up," I said as slapped Sam with my free hand and winked, "what's up with you?"

"Well, I'm at Matt's house and we were wondering if you'd be up for some hoops and horn. We'd meet you at that park a couple blocks from your place, play some hoops and slink back to your place for some fun."

"Hoops and horn, huh? You sure do have a way with words. Just the three of us?" I asked, winking at Sam.

"Well, you know I keep looking for a fourth but that's a work in progress. As far as I know, it's just us three," Kevin.

"I've got a buddy from work here. I'll ask him if he's up for a game or two. In any event, what are you thinking, half hour?" 

"We can be there in 15 minutes...a work bud, huh...any chance, you know?" Kevin asked.

"I'll let you know when I get there. If I'm alone, I guess that'll speak for itself. See you shortly," I said, hanging up the phone.

"Hoops and horn? What's up with that?" Sam asked.

"My other buds want to play some hoops and come back here for some horn play....you know, the skin flute and so on, kind of the next act in the play," I laughed. "You've got your gym stuff here, you in?"

"Tell me a little about these guys. These are your regular buds I take it," Sam said.

"Yeah, my regular buds, emphasis on regular because to look at them they look like regular guys, but with a twist. We've been friends since high school. How things went from just friendship to best buds is a whole other story we don't have time for right now. Kevin's married, good job, stable guy who likes a select few other guys, namely Matt and me. He's tall, carrying a little extra beef, red hair and goatee, a real decent guy. Matt's single, handsome as hell, black hair, fu Manchu mustache, no lack for female companionship but also likes the buds, namely Kevin and me and all in all, just a great guy. I think you'd fit right in...I take it you can make a jump shot," I said.

"Sure thing. We've done the gym thing, you and I, but we've never played hoops. You'll be in for a surprise. I was second team all state back in the day. What do these guys like to do for horn play?" Sam asked.

"Just what we were up to. Every so often Kevin wants to bottom but other than that just what we were doing. We need to change and head out if you want to go. Come on along Sam, you can at least meet the guys. If you don't care for them, you can just peel off when we get back here. Sound fair?"

"Sure, I'll give it a try. If these guys are anything like you, it'll be a great time," Sam said. 

We scrambled around to get changed. I grabbed a jock and tossed it at Sam. "Things sometimes get a little rough and a little friendly. I think you'll wish you had one of these on...plus you'll find out this is part of the horn play afterward. You good on socks and sneakers?"

"Yup, all good. Hey, this jock is just right. It's making me horny to know that your cock is usually stuffed in here. Man, have I got the fever tonight!" Sam laughed.

"When the buds get a look at you, I think the fever will spread. I can almost guarantee that this is going to be a great time. I've gotta piss before we head out," I said and headed for the bathroom. Sam joined me and we took a long hard piss together, the first of many. We grabbed several bottles of G2 from the fridge, a basketball from the garage and headed out to the street.

Sam dribbled the ball and we passed it back and forth on the two block journey. Thankfully the park was nearly deserted, just a few other guys on one of the other courts, down at the other end and a dude walking his dog. Introductions were made all around and I could see something happening between Matt and Sam, like there was some recognition and 'well, this is just a little awkward' but neither of them said anything. I could see the wheels grinding in both of their heads. Sam kept glancing back and forth between Matt and Kevin as we made small talk. Kevin and Matt were all over Sam with their eyes. There was a lot of checking out going on here.

Matt snapped his fingers and looked at Sam, "I know where we met. Do you remember a wedding a couple of years ago over on the west side of town, middle of the summer, the church hotter than hot, one of the bridesmaids passing out?"

Sam nodded, "That's it! I rarely forget a face but I couldn't place the 'where' right away. My brother's sister in law's wedding. You're like her cousin or something, right?"

"You got it. I knew we'd met somewhere," Matt said. He looked right at Sam and chuckled as he continued, "This is a little awkward huh?"

"Well, yes and no. I mean, I kind of know who you are, you kind of know who I am. But what can I say? Pete tells me we share some common ground...besides hoops that is," Sam replied.

Kevin chimed in, "I guess we all share a little something more in common. We can get to that later. Let's play some hoops and get all sweaty first. We'll play a game of pig, the first two out is one team, the last two standing are the other. The new guy shoots first, then we go in reverse alphabetical order."

Sam took the ball and made a lay up, which was no contest. Next shot's a reverse lay up, again no contest. Then he moves to the foul line and makes his shot. I make mine, followed by Matt but Kevin missed. This continued on, Sam going for the easy shots and the rest of us trying all sorts of stuff. It was obvious that Matt and Sam were the two best shooters and before you knew it the teams were settled. 

Matt and Sam stripped off their shirts and once the chests were bare there were a couple of cat calls from Matt and Kevin. Sam just laughed, "Okay, I'm busted, whatever! But you should see the other guy!" Matt gave him a smiling high five and the game was under way. 

First game was theirs, 10-2 and the two we scored was on the strength of Kevin's size advantage under the basket, and we took a short break for a breather and a quick drink. Sam took a long sip and looked at the three of us and just shook his head. "What?" asked Matt.

"You guys always this friendly when you play hoops? I've had more hands on me in this one pick up game than any other three tournaments I've ever been in," Sam chuckled.

"Hell man, this is just a warm up," Kevin said. "It's our way of letting you know that we're comfortable with you. You're fitting right in, you ask me. You comfortable with us?"

"I'll let you know about that when I'm ready. You two ready to get your respective asses kicked again? Matt and I have been playing with you so far. This phase of the party is just about over," Sam bragged.

Kevin and I were pumped over the insult. All during the next game, Sam was grabbing just about everything he could get his hands on, including his own teammate Matt when we were crowded under the hoop for rebounds. I was losing interest in the game but Kevin was pissed about getting beat a second time. 

Halfway through the third game, Sam went up for a jump shot. Kevin just reached up and plucked him out of the air (did I tell you already that Kevin was not only big but by far the strongest of the bunch?). As he lowered Sam to the ground, he did so very slowly, in the process grinding Sam's sweaty bulge and chest up against himself. To Sam's credit he never took his eyes off Kevin, even as Kevin held him momentarily bulge to bulge before setting him on the court.

"That was personal but not intentional , so no harm no foul," Sam said, laughing it off. Matt and I were both smiling. 

Kevin shot back, "That was indeed intentional. One shot or two?"

"Well, since I've already had two sizeable shots since dinner, I'd say the next shot would be number three. Same for Pete...what about you guys?" Sam asked, looking back and forth and smiling that challenging and wicked smile, watching to see how long it took the buds to get his drift.

Kevin processed this statement for close to a microsecond before saying, "Well, I sent my wife off happy this morning, so next one's two for me."

"If you go back twenty four hours, technically it would be three for me, too," Matt said.

I cleared my throat and said, "Well, when Kevin called to set this all up, his idea was hoops and horn. I don't know about the rest of you, but I've had enough hoops. I'm more than ready for horn."

Matt just grabbed the ball and started bouncing it as he made his way toward the gate, past the guy still walking his dog...what was up with that? I caught up with him, giving Kevin and Sam a chance to chat. Their conversation was quiet and I had no idea what they were talking about. Halfway home, I called Kevin up to chat with me so Matt and Sam could get more acquainted. Their discussion was much more animated and I could tell they were talking about it being a small world. I also heard Sam tell my buddy how handsome he was and they began to share what they both liked with another guy. We got back to my place just in time, I think!

Once inside, I locked the door and headed up the stairs, the other guys suddenly quiet and falling in line behind me. I stopped at the first bathroom and announced a piss posse. We all filed into the bathroom and had to squeeze to fit around the john. Matt was the first to push his jock down. He kind of bounced his cock some with the backs of his thumb and just looked around at us with a 'well, what the hell are you waiting for?' kind of look. Pretty quick, there was swinging meat everywhere. Sam could not keep his eyes of Matt or Kevin and Kevin couldn't keep his eyes off Sam! It was funny to watch this little interaction and interesting to see the dynamic developing. The conversation went something like this:

Sam:Nice cocks all around. Matt, your jet black bush must turn the ladies on.

Matt:I guess my stuff appeals to more than the ladies, from the way you're eyeing me.

Kevin:Wow, another natural dude, YES!

Sam:Yeah, no kidding on that...been a long time since I could do another uncut guy. Way Cool!

Me:What do you think, guys? Think Sam fits in? Man, this is hot with all this cock hanging out.

Sam:Fucking hot, if you ask me. (He said this looking directly at Kevin first, then Matt.)

Kevin:I can't piss anymore, my rod's getting hard...sure he fits in, he's got my vote.

Matt:Well, Sam, I hope you're happy. You've got us all hard now. Yeah, Sam fits in for sure. I'd like to see how well his cock fits in my mouth, to be honest with you.

Me:Guess we're gonna have to take turns with the new guy. Since we've all had at least one explosion today, we can just take it nice and easy and have a good slow blow time.

Kevin:Okay, enough pissing, let's at least get into the hall where I can get on my knees. I fucked well this morning but I need some cock.

We all shook off as best we could, what with our cocks heading for the ceiling. We were all doing our best to push out into the hallway in order to see who could be first on their knees. Matt and Sam won the contest, over Kevin's protests. I was the first one in the bathroom and therefore furthest from the door so I did not really have a chance. It didn't really matter to me, I was going to be hard for a good long time now anyway. I was in no hurry one way or the other.

"Hope you don't get grossed out, but one of the things that turns us on is a freshly sweated up crotch," Matt said as he and Sam got comfortable on their knees. "It's kind of a ritual with us. If that's nasty to you, Kevin would be glad to switch with you."

"I like a sweaty crotch, myself, especially if everything is still slick with sweat. I can't believe I fell in with a bunch of like minded perverts," Sam said. He looked up at Kevin, "Well, what are you waiting for? Let's go!"

Kevin needed no more prompting, stepping right up to Sam as I moved in front of Matt. I won't lie to you and tell I kept good notes of all the sucking that went on and all that. I will tell you that Sam made a good showing for himself as he slowly pulled Kevin's shorts down with his teeth, making Kevin turn slowly around so he could get a hold of the back side of them. I can also tell you that nobody but nobody missed Sam's fingers brush Kevin's crack slowly up and down...especially Kevin! It was obvious where that was going to end up, when you take into consideration that Kevin leaned forward to get his cheeks spread farther apart I further thought that Sam was going to cream his jock just by burying his face in Kevin's package as it was lamely being held in check by the overmatched jock Kevin was wearing.

For Matt's part, I always appreciate his honest enthusiasm for our cocks. He yanked my shorts off and handed them to Kevin to get a good whiff of the crotch. I probably sweat the least of any of us and my shorts were still pretty soaked in spots. Matt proceeded to bury his face in my crotch, moaning slightly as he took a deep inhale of my sweaty package. He nudged Sam with his elbow and said, "Don't you just love dick? What a fucking great way to spend a Monday night. Life's good, man, life's good."

Sam sat back from Kevin's crotch long enough to say, "No kidding, Matt, no kidding. Best part is, there's plenty to go around and plenty of time to play." He leaned into Matt's neck and whispered, "I'm really looking forward to tangling with you, pal...mmmmm" and followed it by bringing the tip of his tongue from Matt's collar bone up to his ear lobe.

Kevin said, "Hey Sam, concentrate on your work, will you? You'll get your chance with poster boy."

"Everything in its own time, Kevin. I've got lots of energy since you and Pete were no match at hoops, yep, lots of energy," Sam said. Sam buried his face in Kevin's crotch again and began to suck Kevin's nut's through the jock, soaking it with his own spit and sucking on it earnestly. That quieted Kevin down pretty good.

By this time, Matt had my jock off and was licking as much sweat off as he could, wherever he could. He elbowed Sam again, I think to have Sam catch up and match his own progress. I had a feeling a change of guard was about to take place. Sam caught on quick and was soon enough licking Kevin's balls and sniffing deep into his bush. Kevin's uncut, like Sam, and maybe 8 inches with a real nice set of very furry balls. Matt, on the other hand, was easily the longest of the bunch by an inch or so, not near as thick as me but packing some serious cut meat, for sure with a nice set of heavy hangers. Between the four of us, we had a nice variety of length, breadth and bush color.

"Okay," I announced, "time to swap positions. We'll give back to our current partners and then switch partners. That way, we all get a good taste of one another. I gotta tell you Sam, as much as we have enjoyed the three way stuff, I think I speak for all of us when I say how good it is to have you with us. Yes sir, very, very good indeed."

There was a chorus of 'Amens, Fucking Aye's, You Bets' as we swapped places with our partners, Kevin and I dropping to our knees while Matt and Sam stood. I wasted no time pulling Matt's shorts right off. I wanted to get right at his jock and equipment before the sweat all dried. I am a refined guy in some stuff but when I want to get down and nasty, I like to maximize my pleasure there as well. I took a deep whiff of Matt's jock. It was super sweaty and turning nasty, just the way I like it. I eased his jock off and began licking his balls and bush, taking my time to savor the raunchy and particularly manly stench. I've got a thick cock but Matt's is long and almost as thick as mine. I guess they say that more than a mouthful is a waste but I was never convinced of the validity of that argumentation. After all, when you sit down for a prime rib dinner, you enjoy it a mouthful at a time, eh?

I looked over to see Kevin in his own dream world. He was licking and sniffing slowly and thoroughly. I could tell by the look in his eyes that he could not wait to get all over Sam's uncut jizz maker. As if reading Kevin's mind, Sam said, "I'm all clean now. You like the natural cut of meat, so go for it, man." Kevin took a deep breath and proceeded to lick Sam from the bottom up, from Sam's nuts all the way to the tip of his cock, licking like you would an ice cream cone. There was sufficient moaning going on over there to indicate a good time was being had by all.

For my part, I just started blowing Matt once I had him all licked clean of sweat. I bobbed my head up and down in a nice easy motion. Sometimes Matt likes to be sucked on, just sucking on his head. Other times he likes a nice easy up and down, not too much friction, kind of blow job. He's very good at telling his bud exactly what he wants. In fact, we'd all gotten pretty good at that and the communication helped to make sure everybody got what they needed at play time. I mean, yeah, I like sucking cock but I want to make sure my bud is getting what he wants and how he wants it. "What a great time this is, Pete. I just love the way you suck my dick, mmmmm," Matt moaned.

Kevin said, "I thought you loved the way I suck your dick, Matt. Sam here seems to be enjoying himself. By the way, he's pretty good at it, mm, mmm, mmmmm."

Matt replied, "I'll take your word for it for now. Mmm, this is so fucking hot. I got a feeling I'm gonna need your ass tonight, Kevin. Would you be into that, do you think?"

"I was hoping somebody would want that. I am so fucking horned up tonight, right now I'd be glad to offer my ass to whoever needs it. I could use a good fuck or three, yes sir," Kevin moaned. "Let me blast a load or two and then I'll be ready to fuck for a while."

This whole scene was like something you'd read about on the internet. Life was quite good before Sam showed up but his presence just deepened the lustiness of all concerned. 

"I'm getting a little closer to the edge just from being around you horny fuckers. I'm not ready to blast yet but I wouldn't mind swapping again. I'd like to have Sam get a taste of my meat and then I want to return the favor for him. Is everybody cool with that?" Matt asked.

"Yeah, all good here," I said. "I had Sam earlier and now you. I'd be glad to take on Kevin. I honestly feel like I could blow all three of you and then take Kevin's ass on a nice long easy ride." 

"Sounds good to me," Sam said. "I might want to have a crack at Kevin's ass, too. In the meantime, I'd like to try out Matt's bone."

I pulled off Matt and suggested we go to the master bedroom and get a little more comfortable. I don't mind getting on my knees but sitting on the edge of the bed is more comfortable. We peeled off what clothes we still had on, except for socks, and headed down the hall.

Sam and I sat on the end of the bed and got right to business when the buds stepped up. Kevin's nut sack is really furry, not just hairy. He has a lot of hair but most of it is very fine and somewhat short. It takes some time to get it all wet and matted down, otherwise it feels like you've gotten hold of some hard cotton balls. I got right to work.

Sam picked right up where I left off, going directly to town on Matt's beautiful piece of meat, no delay at all just a nice up and down. Matt said, "Good work, Sam. Just take it slow and before you know it you'll have me down all the way. Oh, boy does that ever feel great! All the testosterone in this room is ramping me up for a nice happy blast, oh man, mmm..."
