 "What the hell do you mean, 'your turn'?" I asked Joe as I quickly dismount his body and move away from the bed. Something about the thought of him just expecting me to return the favor really turned me off. I reach for my pants. 

"I just thought, because, I did you, maybe you could I don't know, do me?" Joe exclaims as he eagerly sits on the edge of the bed. 

I stare in disgust at my naked best friend and I put my pants on. "Jesus Joe, I'm not gay. I can't do this." 

"I know, I just thought we were having fun." Joe exhaled. He stands up and begins to put his pants on. Something about seeing him like this made me feel so sorry for him. He was so desperate. I suppose the least I could do is suck the guy off.

I quickly move over to him and shove him back down on the bed before he can pull up his pants. I kneel between his legs and grab his softening limp limb. He stops me. "Are you sure?" I shoo away his hand and begin pumping him until he is rock solid. Here goes nothing. 

I lower my head to his cock, my lips wrap around the head. "Is this it?" I wondered. Time seemed to slow down. And all I could think is there's nothing more to this? Nothing more than a warm stiff rod in my mouth. 

I knew I wasn't giving him half as good of a blowjob than he gave me, as I could only fit about half of him in my mouth. But nonetheless he appeared to be enjoying it as he writhed and moaned as he laid back on the bed. 

Soon to my surprise Joe claimed: "I'm gonna cum!" I open my mouth from around his member and look up at him. "Oh yeah?" I soon realize if I keep my head around this area I am bound to get hit with his projectile. And that is something I definitely don't want. I swallow whatever is in my mouth, a 50/50 mix of my spit and Joe's pre-cum and decide that I don't want to drink any more of his juice either.

I raise his legs so that they are over his head. I aim his cock right at his face. Joe was gonna give a facial, not the one he wanted, but the one he deserved. I began pumping harder and faster than ever. My cock rose with arousal. I stood on the bed and undid my pants and proceeded to rub my pre-cum all over his rear entrance. Which made Joe explode all over his own face. His mouth opened due to his orgasm and he caught a lot of his spunk in his mouth. 

My hand was full of his cum. So I kept him in this position and rubbed all of it into his chest as he sat there covered in his own jizz. With my other hand I begin jacking my own cock, and soon bust a nut all over his nuts, cock and asshole. 

I jump off the bed and wipe myself off with his underwear. Joe was breathless, frozen in that position as his legs trembled and slowly lowered to the bed. "I... I should go shower..." 

"Okay, sure" I put my pants on. "I'm gonna go watch t.v." 

Joe and I part ways as he rushed off to the bathroom and I make way down to the basement. Their basement living room had a really nice huge HDTV and a nice stereo system. It was on and fairly loud as I threw myself on the couch and began thinking: was I too selfish with Joe? Then I noticed the steam coming from the downstairs bathroom. I thought the running water I heard was coming from the upstairs bathroom. I had taken showers in that bathroom, all of Joe's family has. We would always leave the door open just a crack so the room would get to steamy as that particular bathroom didn't have a fan. I thought whoever is in there probably heard Joe and I turned on the T.V. and jumped in the shower to drown us out. 

I started creeping towards the bathroom. I notice Kim's room opposite to the bathroom is open and the attire that she was wearing when she went out running was there lying on the floor. The dirtiest of thoughts rushed through my head. My pants grew tighter. From where I was standing I could see the mirror through the crack of the door, which projected the image of the outline of Kim's naked body washing herself off behind the frosted glass door of the shower. I noticed myself rubbing my cock through my pants when she screeched. "OH, MY GOD!..." she yelled as she quickly turned off the water.

This was not my day. Did I just caught by my best friend's sister feeling myself as I looked at her? I wasn't going to stick around to find out. I practically jumped back on to the couch and acted nonchalant. Plausible deniability, I could just claim she miss saw whatever she thinks she saw and say I have been sitting here the whole time. "JOE!" she yelled up towards the stairs as she exited the bathroom. She stopped in her tracks noticing me. "Oh..." 

She was wearing a really short silk robe and it was crossed lower than the cut of any shirt I have ever seen her wear. I quickly sit up and ask: "What? What happened?" 

Noticing how mesmerized by the sight of her I was, she smiled. "Sorry, it's just. He does this all the time, decides to shower when I do." 

She stood there for a while and we remained silent. I was completely stunned as I followed he wet hair down her arms, across her chest and the water sliding down her legs, dripping onto the floor. "Your carpet is getting wet." 

She playfully laughs. "Excuse me?" She looks down at the puddle she had created. "Oh..." She blushes "oops." She runs to her bedroom while my mind slows her down praying that her robe randomly hikes up granting me a view of her naked ass. It doesn't happen. Thank you God. 

Later. 

Joe's parents brought home a pizza. After we were all done eating Kim retired to her room and I was left to ponder as to what she was doing. I knew she wasn't masturbating, but in my mind she certainly was. We were watching some really stupid reality T.V. show. Well I was just counting down the time until Joe and I left for the club, when Kim came back out into living room wearing an even tighter smaller sports tank top and tight yoga shorts. It took all my power to peel my eyes off her. With all of her family members around I really didn't want to get caught looking at their princess. She stood off to the side still facing the T.V. and started stretching. 

"Going for another run?" Her father asked.

"Yep. I'm not going to stop until I win that race later on this month." She spread her legs a little and bent down touching the floor. I didn't even notice her noticing me noticing her until it was too late. 

I blushed and quickly looked away. "How's that make you feel Joe, knowing that your sister is more manly than you?" His parents laughed. And Joe's awkward laugh, made me regret saying that. 

Kim turned around and repeated the stretch this time giving me a killer look at her cleavage. "Well not that manly." She's doing this on purpose, tormenting me. 

"Hey Joe, maybe we should get going too actually?" I quickly jump up pretending I'm not interested in the display Kim is giving. 

"Where are you two off to this evening?" Joe's mother asked.

Joe stood up and began slowly following me up the stairs. "We are just going to meet up with some friends for a while. Don't wait up, I love you guys." 

Anyway after all the gay stuff I did with Joe and being subjected to Kim's sexy display knowing that I can't touch her. Let's just say I am ready to fuck Stacey and Ann. 

Joe and I sat in silence the whole drive over to the club. 

"I'm gonna go get a drink." Joe broke away from me as soon as we entered the club. Fine by me I was scoping out the place, trying to find Stacey and or Ann. 

I lurked around the dance floor trying to find spot the couple. I kept sending text messages to the numbers the girls gave Joe and I, but never got a reply. Then suddenly, "There you are!" in a familiar soft voice. I turned around and the strangers lips were on mine. Took me a while to realize it was Stacey. 

"I've been texting you." I say as our lips part. I begin to wonder if she can tell I was kissing a dude a few hours ago. 

"Yeah sorry, out of minutes, thought I could just find you!" She was wearing... well let's just say she wasn't wearing a whole lot. And she could tell I liked it. "Ann already went to the party, I stuck around here to wait for you guys."

"Party?"

"Yeah at Brad's house. It's huge, so many nice big rooms." She smiled.

"Who's Brad?"

"Someone I went to school with, he is in the second year of St. Anthony's now though. Where's Joe?"

I look around the club. "I'm not sure I thought he was at the bar."

"Maybe he went with Ann to the party." She grabbed my hand and began pulling me to the exit. 

I am surprised we made it to the party for two reasons: 1. Stacey kind of sucks at directions. 2. Her fondling my junk and licking my earlobe was a distraction that could have easily made me crash the car if I wasn't more careful. 

We arrived at the party and Stacey knew her way around and quickly brought me to a vacant room. She shoved me on the bed and hopped aboard. We made out for a few minutes groping each other before she suddenly left the room saying: "I'm gonna go find Ann and Joe, you wait here." 

The room had a huge bathroom attached to it. I figured I would get myself freshened up. I took off all my clothes, found some body spray which I used generously. Took a swig of some mouthwash. All the while I played with my dick which was hard with anticipation. What felt like an hour, was actually three minutes. When I heard the bedroom door open, only two people entered, they were giggling and making out. I decided to wait and listen a little while. I heard a pair of pants get unzipped, followed by some really wet sounds. Now was as good as any time to make my entrance. 

My eyes took a moment to adjust. Ann's mouth pops off the man's penis. "Oh hey!"

"You know this guy?" Asked the man with the really large dick. Which I found myself not being able to look away from. 

"Yeah," She said as she kept stroking the guy's cock. "Well don't just stand there, get over here." 

I walked closer and she consumed me into her mouth while she kept pumping the other guy. When she sucked him see pumped me. The whole time she kept pulling me closer and closer to his cock, until our members were practically touching. I knew she wanted them to meet, and I didn't resist then our heads met at a right degree angle. She giggled at the contact. She was able to lick both of our dicks simultaneously in this position and proceeded to rub just our two heads together, which made us both moan in pleasure. She then urged us into the king of clubs position. As she stood up to take off her clothes, the other guy grabbed mine and his own cock and jacked them a bit as we waited. I wasn't going to stop him, and neither was Ann who seemed to like the sight of it. Ann then climbed on top of me in the 69 position, and as the other guy held our dicks together she took both of us into her mouth at the same time. It was almost enough to make me cum as I continued to feast on her soaking wet pussy. 

After a while she stopped sucking us and she just sat up on my face. She was moaning and bouncing furiously on my tongue. "Yeah do it Brad!" She encouraged him. What she encouraged him to do, I don't know then all of a sudden I felt another pair of lips wrap around our cocks. "Oh yeah suck those dicks!" She moaned. All I could see was Ann's ass, but I would have loved to see the sight of Brad sucking mine and his cock at the same time. 

Shortly afterwards Brad stood up and found his way to the back of Ann. She bent back over and put me back in her mouth. And I was treated to a close-up of Brad entering Ann's pussy. They fucked as my tongue would glide across her pussy, contacting Brad's dick every once and a while. It wasn't long before Brad pulled out and shot a load all over Ann's ass and pussy, which much dripped down onto my face. Which caused me to go off into Ann's mouth. After she swallowed that quickly and got up smiling at the sight of me covered in Brad's cum. I licked my lips gathering up nearby cum, and she licked the rest from my face. She added to the amount in my mouth when her tongue wrestled with mine. All while Brad stood by the bed, just watching. 

Stay tuned for more Strange Encounters. 