 Breaking bad, into the music business

*

Will John fall prey to his producer? Kevin's contact in the music business is willing to look over some songs John wrote and let him audition. It's a big break, or it could be. 

John doesn't consider himself gay, but he can't figure out what he is. Hopefully this new direction will work out for him. Will he be making music, or will the music producer make him?

------------------------

Last lines from Strange Days CH04-Linking with Kevin

After waiting about 10 minutes, I was escorted into his office. Frank was standing next to a small bar.

He was about 50 years old, very Italian, with dark curly hair. He looked to be about six feet tall. He was heavy set, dressed in a fancy Italian shirt, opened a few buttons from the neck. A gold chain rested on a hairy chest

"Hi John, welcome."

Holding a drink, he said, "Have a seat. Would you like something to drink?"

"No thanks," I said.

Frank turned to look at me, "Kevin told me all about you."

I got a knot in stomach when Frank told me Kevin had talked about him, but then, of course he had. It was his recommendation that set up this interview. Kevin must have talked up his talent. I settled down and sat back in the old plush armchair he offered me.

Frank's offices were simple. The receptionist's name was Nancy. She was seated behind an old wood executive desk. It didn't even look as though she had moved into it, no pictures, nothing personal. I thought she might be a temp.

The same applied to Frank's office. His desk was old, and the furnishings were sparse. The walls were dark wood paneling, the carpeting was a terrible brown/green color.

It bothered me, but there were a few records on the wall, after all, that's what's important.

Frank opened the conversation, "So John, Kevin tells me you're a very talented singer and song writer."

"I hope so, been trying hard to perfect my style."

"And what is that 'style'."

"Soft Rock, though it borders on Folk Rock."

"Sounds good."

Looking at his watch, Frank said, "We shouldn't waste any time, I'd like to hear one or two of your songs, then I'll get a feel for your work. Let's go down stairs, better if we use the studio."

I followed Frank down, about a dozen, steep steps.

The studio was not much different from the office. The same dark walls and carpet. To my right was a small platform, there were several instruments, including a baby grand piano and microphones. At the other side of the room was a small control booth, with a large glass window that looked out at the recording studio. To the left of the control room was an alcove with a lounge chair, the cushion was decorated with sail boats. The studio was warm and didn't feel air conditioned.

"John, setup over by the stage." Frank said. Turning towards the control booth, he continued, "I'll setup for recording and give you a thumbs up when ready."

When he was in the control booth, I heard Frank talking through the speakers. He apologized for the heat and while I looked at him, he took his shirt off. I could see very dark hair and a stocky build, at least from the waist up.

"You can take your shirt off if you'd like," Frank said, "You might be more comfortable. The air conditioning crapped out on me this morning."

I didn't see any problem with that and took off my shirt. I adjusted the mic, threw the guitar strap over my shoulder and took a moment for tuning. I strummed a cord, Frank gave me a thumbs up and I started to perform. I won't bore you with the details, but when I was done with the second song, Frank waved me in to the control booth.

Frank cued up the recording while I surveyed the room, it was far from fancy. There was an old multi-track recorder, small sound mixer and an old Echorec (used for reverb and echo to voice or instrument). On a small shelf was a vintage Bogen Amplifier and, hanging on the wall, two worn out speakers.

I didn't linger on the equipment and waited to hear the recordings. Frank turned to me and said, "I watched you walk across the room. It helps if the artist is young, handsome and in good shape. We target the girls, you know what I mean?"

"I understand, that makes sense," I replied.

"We plan to target the Jersey shore this summer. We will be setting up several concerts at the Stone Pony in Asbury park, Ocean Grove, Seaside and others. We put you in as an extra and 'boom' the start of a career in music."

"I wouldn't think it's that easy."

"John, you cut a nice figure, I can tell by looking at you. I assume you're wearing underwear?"

"What?", I said, confused.

"You know, underpants."

"Why?" I asked.

Damn, I thought, maybe Kevin did give me up.

"Don't worry, I'm asking because I'd like to see how you would look in a bathing suit, get an idea of how we could market you."

Well that's a relief, I thought.

"Oh, I see what you mean," I said. I unbuckled my pants and let them drop to the floor.

"Step out of them," Frank asked.

Although I didn't know what difference it would make, I stepped out of my pants and laid them on a nearby chair. I turned around to face Frank.

"Turn around a few times."

I complied. Frank seemed to examine every inch of me. At one point, when my back was facing him, he reached out and took hold of my hips, stopping me. "You'll look good in a bathing suit. Your body is on the mark."

"Thanks," I said.

The heat in me stepped up a notch. Standing there in my underwear, with Franks hands of my hips, was waking up my cock. I moved away, out of his hold to put my pants back on. Maybe that will reverse the direction my cock was going.

"John, don't worry about your pants," Frank said, "it's hot down here and you might be more comfortable in your shorts, doesn't bother me." He took a seat on a stool by the control board and looked at me. "You're going to have to trust me, John. Do you trust me?"

How could I answer that, I've only known Frank for an hour, but I wanted to get a record done and start making some money. "Of course, I trust you Frank, you're Kevin's friend and I know Kevin."

"That's good to hear, because I'd like to do these two songs again."

"On this last set, I noticed your voice was strained. You seemed up tight, not relaxed."

Frank waited a moment before he continued, "I train professional singers, and have a shock method that might help you loosen up."

"I am a little self-conscious, but a shock method? If it's not painful," I said with a laugh.

"That's settled then," Frank said. He turned towards the window and continued, "I want you to try the songs again, but before you do, I want you naked."

"What!" I said surprised, "I can't do that."

"John, it will get rid of your nervousness and free you up." Frank turned to me, "come on, take them off, free yourself."

I guess Frank knows what he's talking about. It's not that I'm shy, but worse, I knew it would start my engine and I don't know how he would react to that. That would be embarrassing.

While Frank watched, I put my hands under the band of my shorts and started to pull them down. I turned my back to him to hide my cock's reaction, but it only brought back the sensation I enjoy when exposing my ass to someone that could potentially fuck it. I stepped out of my underwear and laid them with my pants. Frank hadn't made a sound, I was worried about what he would say when I turned around, revealing my, now erect cock.

When I turned around, Frank looked at my erection and said, "Don't be embarrassed, it happens. Ignore it and go do your songs. Enjoy the free feeling and go with it."

I went back out to the microphone and strapped on my guitar. Being naked did change the feeling. I did a better set, more relaxed.

I finished singing, when I heard foot steps on the stairs. That alarmed me, someone was coming down and I was naked. I stood there with my guitar and an ever lasting hard on. I froze in place.

"Don't worry John, just stand there, it will be alright," Frank said.

That didn't help, I was completely exposed, my face went flush. Whoever it was, reached the last step. When they turned the corner, I saw it was Nancy. Of course, the first thing she sees is me standing there in the buff. I covered my crotch with my hands to hide my erection and just smiled at her. She lingered for a moment looking me up and down, I think she was waiting for me to move my hands. She turned and walked to the control booth with a piece of paper, most likely a message. After talking with Frank, she left the paper and walked back. Before she went upstairs, she stopped and looked at me again.

Considering how horny I was getting, I was surprised I didn't move my hands and turn around a few times. I would have, if she hadn't turned and went upstairs. Relaxing, I turned back to Frank. He had been watching me all the while Nancy was in the room.

I spoke into the mic "How were the takes?"

"A lot better, hear for yourself."

I took my guitar off and walked to the control booth. It was strange walking around with my dick bobbing with every step, fucking weird.

I entered the control booth, only to hear some tinny music playing. "What is that, sounds terrible," I said.

"Sorry, the speakers are not the best, should have replaced them," Frank said, "but if you place your head between them, the sound is better."

The speakers were about six feet off the floor with a small shelf between them. The shelf was about four feet off the floor and stood out about 16 inches. I had to bend over the shelf, on the tips of my toes, to get my head between them.

I was forgetting I was nude.

Frank came up next to me, "so how does it sound?"

"Better," I replied.

While we were listening, Frank put his hand on one of my ass cheeks. I suddenly became aware of my nakedness. We stood that way until the songs finished. Because I had to bend over the shelf, my ass was sticking out. I didn't react to his hand and ignoring it said, "I admit, the songs sound better."

"Told you," Franks said.

Frank took his hand off my ass and turned the recorder off. "John, this is a good start, I would like to continue this tomorrow, is that ok?"

I couldn't help feeling disappointed. Bending naked over the shelf, well, you know, my ass really needed attention. In that position, I would have let him do anything, but instead I said, "I've no plans, this is my priority right now, what time?"

"Make it around 4 o'clock, just before closing, that way we won't be rushed, oh, and bring an overnight bag, it could be an all-nighter."

He was not interested in me, other than professionally. I was relieved.

I gathered my pants and got dressed. Leaving Frank downstairs, I took my axe and headed out. As I passed Nancy, she smiled at me and said, "Cute."

That night, after telling Kevin and Lizzy everything that went down (except the naked part), I went to my room. While lying in bed, my mind went over the day's experience. The thought of bending over the shelf, was giving me an unwelcome feeling. The more I thought about it, the hornier I got. Why was it making me so hot? Without any choice, I began masturbating to the thought of Frank, coming up behind me, and slowly pushing his dick up my ass.

The next day, after practicing all morning, I prepared to return to the studio. I didn't want things to escalate, but I still prepared myself inside and out.

The door was open when I arrived, Nancy wasn't there so I walked to the back. Frank was not at his desk, so I figured he was downstairs. I shouted down the stairs "Frank, are you there?"

"Yeah, I'm here," Frank shouted back, "lock the front door and come on down."

I descended the stairs and found Frank lying on the lounge. "You look comfortable," I said.

"Just resting, waiting for you," said Frank, "let's get started then, undress, take everything off."

I had hoped we wouldn't go there, but Frank's the teacher, I began undressing. When I was down to my underpants, that old sensation went right through me. I looked over at Frank, he had been watching me the whole time.

I turned my back to him again and slowly, provocatively, pulled my underwear down. I let the waist band pop over my ass, then, bending over, slid them slowly down my legs, taking them off. I was doing it purposely, hoping he would notice and hoping he wouldn't. This terrible conflict always haunts me in these situations. I didn't want to have sex with him, I guess it's just the exhibitionist in me.

"John, if you keep doing that, you'll get in trouble."

I turned to Frank and, looking innocent, said, "doing what?"

"Never mind, let's get this session going." Frank went into the booth before continuing, "I've arranged for some studio musicians to come in tomorrow. That should kick things up a notch.

"That sounds great," I said.

I guess he was under control. That's good, I didn't get to him.

We spent the next three hours redoing, changing and arranging my songs. The last takes, I felt, were pretty good. When we were finished, I walked back to the control booth. Frank queued up the tapes.

Without being instructed, I went to put my head between the speakers. I was fully aware of how it looked. Frank spoke up, "are you in position?"

Strange way to put it, but I didn't turn around or answer. I only turned my head and looked at him. Damn, I was a tease, I couldn't help myself, I knew my ass was enticing.

Frank started the tape and I turned back to listen. About 4 measures in, I felt Frank come up behind me. I was so damn hard again and holding my breath.

Frank, with both his hands, took hold of my ass. He grabbed my ass hard, lifting me up, "you and that damn ass," he said. I guess I was wrong, I did get to him.

Frank lost his grip when I suddenly turned around, "OH no, Frank, don't do that," I said softly.

He grabbed hold of my cock and said, "Do you think I didn't know what you were doing? I'm a single guy, without much action and here you are teasing the shit out of me. Well here I am."

He forcefully turned me back around. "Frank, stop it," I said, trying again.

His hands covered every inch of my ass, exploring between my cheeks and brushing against my asshole. I closed my eyes as he continued to feel me up.

I felt one hand leave my ass and heard a drawer open next to me. I looked down as it opened and saw Frank pick up a tube of something. His hands left my ass, I could hear his zipper go down and his pants hit the floor. I did it again, he's going to fuck me.

I whispered, "Oh no, Frank, I'm sorry I teased you, please don't."

"That's right you little cunt, I was certain you knew what you were doing. That was lube I took out of the drawer, I know you saw it. I'm aiming to fuck you in that sweet ass you've been showing off. Now stick it out further."

"Frank, I'm sorry, I didn't really want this to happen, I'm just kind of a tease. Please don't do this, don't fuck me."

"Fuck, John, keep talking, you're making my cock harder." After a moment he continued, "Now, you little cock tease, reach back, spread your legs and spread your ass."

"Oh Frank," was all I said.

Having moved my legs apart, I reached back and exposed my asshole. I stood not moving and waited.

I soon felt his fingers spread lube on my anus, working some in with his finger. Then his cock was there. "Oh Frank, are you really going to fuck me?"

Did I expect him to stop? He started moving his cock up and down the crack of my ass, spreading the lube. I felt a slight pressure as he stuck his cock head into me and pulled it back out. Once, twice, three times, when is he going in?

I didn't have to wait long, I felt a steady pressure as his cock began to enter me. "Oh Frank," I whispered.

It's been awhile since I've been fucked, but I hadn't forgotten the feeling. My eyes rolled back, and my mouth opened, it felt wonderful.

I have some experience with being fucked and I could tell Frank had a substantial cock. The pain began to rise from my asshole, but I've grown to like it. His cock kept sliding in, I thought it would never end when I felt his belly hit my ass. He pushed a few times to get the last inch in me and stopped.

I was standing there impaled on his cock. We stood that way without moving except for a twitch now and then. He would wiggle his cock causing my asshole to contract around it. I could feel he was up against my prostate, being fucked while standing always gets the prostate fully involved.

"Damn this feels good," I heard him say. "You're so tight, so tight and my cock feels so warm and good up your ass, I don't want to move."

"Then don't, I love the feeling of your cock buried in me."

"John, you are a cunt, aren't you?"

"If you want me to be."

"Really? You want to be my little fuck toy?"

"I won't lie, your cock feels great."

All our talking was getting to us.

I couldn't help but wiggle now and then, to feel him inside of me. When I did, he would let out a low moan. He wasn't fucking me, we both only wiggled once and awhile. The big surprise was, we both were getting close to cuming with just those little movements. He wouldn't back out, even to do a proper fuck job on me, he just kept his cock buried deep in me.

"Oh fuck, John, I think I'm going to cum, damn it, I can't believe it." Frank moaned, "I want to hold out, but every inch of my dick is tingling. Oh shit, oh shit."

"Frank, are you cuming?"

"Fuck yeah."

"Hold it, I'm almost ready. I want us to cum together."

"Well you better hurry up sweet heart, my cock is beginning to bust."

A feeling was expanding deep in my groin and traveling though my balls, up to my cock, "Now Frank, now, empty your cock inside of me. Oh, fuck Frank, I love you."

Frank let out a yell, "Oh damn." We both launched into an insane wrestling match. Frank's legs started shaking. My legs went weak and I held on to the shelf to avoid falling. Frank threw his arms around me, no longer able to hold still, he was fucking me like a barn yard dog. Every thrust was hammering against my ass, making a loud slapping noise. For my part, I was pushing back on his cock with a vengeance. I wished he had 12 inches, 15 maybe. "Frank, get up in me, get deep, fuck it Frank, fuck my ass."

After a few long moments, we both regained control of ourselves, Frank had his arms around me, and I was braced up against the shelf.

I shivered as his cock slowly came out of me.

"I don't know what to say," Frank said, sounding amazed.

"Sorry, I always lose control, I try not to, but I usually fail. I don't understand it."

"Sorry, sorry, are you kidding? That was one earth-shattering fuck."

I turned around to look at him and smiled, "that's an understatement."

We both started laughing, it seems that we bonded while he was fucking me.

It was late by now. Frank told me he lived in a suite of rooms over the studio. He suggested I stay the night instead of driving home. I didn't see a problem with that.

His apartment was a nice size and well appointed. There were two bedrooms, one I assumed was Frank's, there was a large king size bed, part of a dark wood bedroom suite. The other bedroom was a Dark Blue room with white furniture. I started carrying my bag to the Blue room.

"John, where are you going?"

"Just dropping my bag. I figured I'd be sleeping in this room tonight."

"I would prefer you sleep with me tonight, would you mind?"

"I've never slept in a bed with a man before, it would be a bit strange."

Frank didn't reply, just picked up my bag and went to his room.

He undressed, wrapped a towel around himself and headed for the bathroom. "I'm going to shower off, won't be a minute."

Watching him walk around with just a towel, felt a little intimate to me.

He came out after a few minutes, threw me a towel and, pointing to the bathroom said, "all yours."
