 Strange days Ch06: The band cums around

The Band Cums Around

Jstarret78

Editor's Note: John, conflicted, faces his biggest sexual challenge. Except for Lizzy and Kevin (ref: 04 Linking with Kevin), it's been one on one. Now he finds himself in an incredibly difficult situation.

Each story escalates John's journey deeper into unusual sexual experiences. Can John do the music without the band doing him? 

The stories are raw sex, feminization, fetishes, anal fixation and exploitation. If it is not your cup of tea, move on. 

Although it's a fantasy, it's exciting to put yourself in John's place, can you imagine it? There is nothing wrong with it, if it's safe and feels good, enjoy, it's great getting off. 

You're not going to be naked in a recording studio, unless there are ulterior motives. 

To better understand John's slide into deviant sex, start at 'Strange Days 01 One Hell of a Ride'. Those stories would help you understand him and this episode better. 

Last lines from Strange Days CH05: Making Music.

Frank introduced them as Sammy on the drums, Nate on bass guitar, Evers on piano and Lamont, lead guitar. 

They seemed like a nice bunch of guys.

They went to setup, plug in and adjust their sound. I went to the control booth and ask in what order Frank would like me to do the songs. As we were talking it over, the band started warming up. They sounded great. 

I went out to the mic with my guitar and waited for a signal to start. 

Frank's voice came over the intercom, "Ok, we're setup, there is only one thing left to do."

"John, get undress."

*****

"What the hell." I took my guitar off and walked to the control room. "Frank, you can't be serious. I'm not going to stand there naked in front of these four guys, that is not going to happen."

"John, you said you would trust me, and it made a difference in your sound. Hasn't it?"

"Yes, it has, but I really don't think it's necessary for me to strip down, not this time, I'm relaxed, there's no reason." Looking down at the floor, I continued, "I don't even think I could do it; I would be impossibly embarrassed. Anyway, look where we ended up, in your bed (ref: #05 Making Music). That can't happen, not with these guys."

Frank grabbed the monitor mike and looked out the booth's window. "Hey guys, you don't mind if John here gets naked, do you? After all, we do it all the time, right boys?"

There was a chorus in reply, 'yeah man, always, no problem, like always, chill out'. 

Turning back to me Frank said, "You see? Don't worry about these guys. If you want to finish this, you need to follow my instructions."

Resigned, I turned and walked back to the stage. I couldn't wrap my head around what I was about to do. I turned to look at the band, but they seemed indifferent about the whole thing. 

I took stock of each of them. Nate, the bass player was a big guy, about 6'2", looked to weigh about 230 pounds. He sported dreadlocks, full lips and big hands, great for bass guitar. Lamont was a little shorter, messy hair, fairer skin and slight build. He was the most normal of the group. Sammy was the most sophisticated of the band. Unlike the other three, I could see he dressed well, he was about 5'10", a slight build, quiet and watchful. The three of them were good looking guys. Then there is Evers, he is different from the rest. He stood about 5'5", with a pleasant face, big lips, unshaved look and weaved hair. He appeared effeminate. He wore a frilly shirt and tight pants that helped displayed a shapely ass.

I stripped my tee off and frowned at Frank as I unbuckled my belt. With one move I dropped both my pants and underwear. Sitting down on a nearby chair, I removed my shoes, socks and pants. When I stood back up, I only focused on Frank. I was embarrassed standing naked in a room with these four black musicians. 

But as usual, my cock was churning, I can never stop it. Everyone was dressed, but I was naked. I knew my ass would get their attention. The thought started a strong tingling and twitching in my asshole. I could feel it into my balls. I was afraid my cock might get hard. 

As I waited for Frank to queue up the recorders, I was trying to get comfortable with my situation, when I heard one of the guys say, "damn."

Surprised, I turned my head to see who had said it. My eyes met Lamont's who had a big grin on his face when he said, "Why you embarrassed? Your hot man, damn fine booty."

Ignoring him, I said, "Come on guys, we're here to lay down some tracks. Please let's concentrate on that."

Nate was the first to speak up, "Ok, hey guys, eyes front." That started the four of them laughing. Encouraged, Nate continued, "No one is allowed to look at that fucking perfect ass, hear me?" The laughter turned to a roar as they all seemed to think it was the funniest thing they had ever heard. 

By this time Frank was ready and gave us the thumbs up. Not able to do much about my situation, I counted out and we ripped into the first song. 

We were recording instrumental and vocal at the same time, which would speed things along. The first song needed only two takes, the second song took several takes as Nate's base runs seemed to be somewhere else, he wasn't focused. I stopped midway through the third take and turned to look at him. I caught him staring at my ass. 

"Nate cut it out," I said, aggravated. 

"Hey man, sorry," he replied, "the ways you swaying that ass, fuck me man."

Pissed, I took off my guitar and walked to the booth, "See what's happening Frank, it's not working. I should never have stripped down, damn it."

"Calm down John, they're just having fun. If it will make you feel better, put your underwear on."

"I should get dressed."

"The underwear is good for now. It covers that bubble butt of yours; you should be fine."

I return to the group, grabbed my shorts and quickly put them on. Feeling much less exposed, I strapped on my guitar. "Man, that's a bummer," whispered Sammy. 

I turned to Sammy and said with some sarcasm, "sorry if I ruined your day." This caused the other guys to start laughing again. Nate chimed up, "man I didn't mean to embarrass you."

"Let's forget it and get this track laid."

"Ok man," Lamont said checking his tune, "the track ain't the only thing that needs to be laid."

I turned to him, but he was looking down at his guitar, so I figured I'd wait to ask what he meant by that.

The second song went off without a hitch. They both sounded good and I couldn't wait to hear the playback. Frank called me in to the booth.

I took my guitar off and headed for the control booth, to my surprise so did the entire band. The booth is not that big, and we all had to maneuver to fit comfortably. I was near the back wall, by the speakers. I noticed they were new and mounted facing out. I didn't have to reach to hear the music (ref: #05 Making Music). The recording started and it sounded great. Everyone was moving with the beat and I heard comments on how great the songs came out. 

Because we were jammed in the room and moving to the music, you couldn't help bumping into each other. Nate was standing next to me and, a few times, I felt his hand slide over my ass. I turned to stare him down and let him know I didn't appreciate it. He copped a feel about five times while the two songs played. The fifth time, when I turned to look at him, he smiled at me and patted my ass twice. I guess he wasn't getting the message. 

The music stopped, job well done, we could wrap it up. I was anxious to get some space and get out of the booth. Frank and the band were standing around talking, so I started to slide by them to get out. All that did was give all four of them the opportunity the get a feel as I squeezed by. "come on, are you guys that desperate, will you please leave me alone."

If you follow my story, you know how little control I have over my passions. I'm aware of my asshole whenever I walk or sit. My sphincter twitches in anticipation whenever my ass draws attention. The feeling is so overwhelming. During sex, at some point, I lose control and passion rips into me, I abandon myself to it, nothing else matters, anything goes. 

So here I am, in my underwear. There are four guys, I'm sure wanting to fuck me. 

Even if I don't want it, my ass is twitching. Nevertheless, not here, not by these guys, I want to get out of here. 

I walked back by the stage to pack up my axe. Nate was behind me and the rest of the group followed. I had grabbed my clothes and was about to get dressed, when Evers called me over to the piano. "Hey John, what do you think of this lick, we could build a nice tune around it." I dropped my clothes and walked over to the baby grand. What he played sounded good, different, but nothing special.

"Not bad Evers, I would have to work it over," I said, but he wasn't looking at me. He was acting strange, looking at his friends instead. 

Nate, Lamont and Sammy were standing on the left side of the baby grand. The top was closed so I was leaning over the right side, in the middle the baby grand's curved body. I looked over at Nate, but all three of them were staring at me. "What, did I just grow horns or something," I ask? 

No one answered, but Nate started moving. My eyes followed him as he came around the piano and stood behind me. Our eyes were locked when he slid his hand down the back of my underwear and, with his big hand, took hold of my ass. He came close to my ear and whispered, "This is nice, real nice, now you be calming down. I know you like ass play, Frank told us. He said you're one passionate dude. We're all friends now, made some music together, so now we can squeeze some juice together."

I didn't know how to react. Timidly, I looked up at Lamont and Sammy, their faces told me there was no help there, just expectation. I looked over at the booth, but there was no sign of Frank.

I should have moved or said something, but I froze. Nate backed away and stood behind me, I still hadn't moved when he took hold of my underwear. My eyes closed as he slowly slip them off. When the cool air hit my exposed ass, it prickled with goosebumps. "Don't worry now Johnny, you all will be ok. This will be nice" he said with a small laugh. 

I was beet red, but I hadn't stopped Nate from stripping off my shorts. 

After my underwear was out of the way, Nate started examining my ass as if he owned it. I shivered when he ran his hand over my ass cheeks. His hands were groping me, feeling and massaging both mounds. "You must be a little chilly." Nate said when he saw my condition. But soon the goosebumps disappeared, as he gently petted my ass.

I felt his hands go between my ass cheeks. Nate pushed them apart and intimately examined me. He finger teased my asshole. At his touch, it would twitch. He kept feeling around but he didn't enter me. I stood still while he continued to play with me.

He finally spoke, "What a beautiful little bud John. Pink, hairless, smooth. I love the way it twitches when I touch it."

I found my voice and softly said, "Nate, please don't do that." 

"Why Johnny, don't it feel good? I's been waiting to play with your ass all morning." 

He kept massaging my asshole. I was enjoying the attention he was paying my ass. I had to resist the urge to push down on his finger. The feeling kept growing and I worked like crazy to contain it; I didn't want to give in to these four, but Nate knew what he was doing.

I held my breath each time his finger lingered over my hole. 

Nate said in my ear, "Johnny, you don't have to hold your breath, I'm just teasing that cute little bud of yours, I won't stick you." 

After a few more minutes of teasing, he came up behind me, still holding my ass, still with his finger on my anus. In a whisper he said, "I's just wants you to get comfortable with my finger on your man cunt. Would you like a little finger fuck now, I think you want it?"

"Nate, I don't want this to happen, I'm afraid."

My face was still red, I've had many experiences, but this was different, and I was frightened. Although Nate would be a challenge, I could easily give into him and let him have me, but there are three other guys. How the hell am I going to handle them. I've already let Nate have too much of me and if I let him finger fuck me; I know I'll end up submitting to the other three. 

But the need for Nate to finger me was strong. Shit.

I didn't move while Nate continued to massage my asshole. Man was he driving me crazy. He came up behind me again, "Well? Don't be embarrassed, we're all friends here, relax, tell me. Would you like it?" The pressure he put on my asshole increased. I was beginning to shake; my hole was twitching like crazy.

"Would I like what?" I sheepishly ask, though I knew the answer.

"A little finger fucking, a little in and out of that twitching cunt of yours." Nate said with a slight tweak of my asshole.

"Nate?"

"I'm here Johnny boy."

Near a whisper, I said, "I'm embarrassed, this wasn't supposed to happen, this isn't what I want."

"I know, but it did, and, I'm sure, it's what you want," Nate said, "I'm at your door. All you has to say is 'I want it' and your asshole will become familiar with this long, black finger as it slides up that rosy anus of yours. Your call."

So, I could end this by simply saying, 'no'? I doubt it.

"Nate?"

"Yeah."

"Just you and me, ok?" I asked hopefully. I knew there was nothing I could do to avoid having sex with at least one of these guys. Nate was the band leader and perhaps I could talk him into a one on one, avoiding having to service the other three.

"Come on Johnny, do you really want to be that selfish? All of us are juiced up. We all had to deal with watching that perfect white ass teasing us. You wouldn't want to disappoint them, would you?" Nate ran his hand over my ass again, I shivered again as he said, "This smooth, soft, white ass you have, you need to give it up today."

"I know Nate, but...", I started saying.

"Relax man, relax. We'll have a good time together, you'll see. But right now, I asked you a question and I want an answer, do you want my finger up your cunt? All you have to say is, 'I want it' and I'll give you a good fucking."

I thought he forgot about the question. 

Leaning over the piano, naked with Nate's hand owning my ass, I realized there was no turning back; I was crossing my passion threshold, I could feel it building. I was horny and craved the attention Nate was paying my ass. I already imagined his finger penetrating my rectum, I needed it.

I arched my ass out in surrender, as I turned to look at Nate.

"Nate?"

"Yeah."

As quietly as possible, I said, "I want it."

"What did you say? I couldn't hear that," Nate said a little too loud.

I looked over at Lamont and Sammy, they were smiling, they knew what I said.

Still in a whisper, "I said, I want it."

"Johnny boy, you have to speak up."

I know Nate wanted me to announce my surrender to the four of them. As much as I dreaded doing that, I couldn't stand Nate's teasing my asshole any longer. I looked up at the other three and said, "I want it, damn it, I want it."

Before I got the last short word out, Nate pushed his finger up my rectum. The sensation flooded my senses, I could feel his finger entering me, goosebumps broke out all over me. My groin fired up when his fist went up against my asshole. He kept pushing it in. I let out a loud groan, moaning as he nearly lifted me off the floor. I arched my ass out further and was pushing down on his finger as if I could get it deeper. "Oh Nate, get it in, get it in me."

Then something unusual happened, something new. Almost instantly my balls tucked in under my cock, my shaft started pulsing while my asshole devoured Nate's finger. I started shaking all over, nearly collapsing as I arched up and yelled at the ceiling, "Oh damn, fuck Nate, what are you doing to me?" I shuddered and shook so much I nearly lost my footing. Nate took hold of me to steady my violent orgasm as I came all over the side of the baby grand. 

I stood there with Nate's finger well up my ass. When I opened my eyes, I saw Lamont and Sammy staring at me, eyes wide. Lamont spoke first, "damn John, you're violent for sure." 

I shivered when Nate withdrew his finger.

Nate said, "I think we understand each other; Frank was right, you can really wind up." 

I wasn't going to protest; it made no sense. I didn't know what was in store for me, but I figured, I'd soon find out. 

There was a small washroom next to the lounge adjacent to the control booth. I walked over to it on shaky legs, grabbed some paper towel and returned to clean the cum off the baby grand. While I was cleaning, Nate and Lamont had stripped and were naked. Sammy was just standing around watching, but Evers had stripped down as well, only wearing a pair of pink panties. 

Nate and Lamont were both erect, with impressive cocks. Nate was more the muscle man, but Lamont had a handsome build. They stood around watching me as I continued to clean the piano. When I was done, I went to dispose of the towels. On the way back Lamont came up next to me and took my arm. 

"It's time for a fucking boy," Lamont said. 

"Wait a minute Lamont, what do you think you're doing. I'm not some piece of meat."

Lamont stopped and put his arms around me, pulling me in to a bear hug. In a low voice he said, "Hey, sorry man, didn't mean to offend you brother. I just thought you were ready to host this cock."

Lamont held me tight, our naked bodies pressed together, I could feel his erect penis between us, and I couldn't help responding. I looked up at him. I knew where it was heading, so I just gave into it. I tilted my head back; Lamont's lips were just inches away. Slowly he lowered his lips until they just brushed mine. He stopped there, but his tongue came out and was demanding entry. I parted my lips and accepted it. Our tongues played together for a while, but the sexual tension was to much for him. Lamont smashed his lips on mine, and I was lost in our kiss. 

Lamont broke our kiss, but kept looking down at me, waiting for me to say something. 

"I'm sorry too Lamont," I said as I took hold of his cock. "I shouldn't say no to you, that's unfair. I want you, I'm just nervous. You and Nate are much bigger than I'm used to. I don't want to be hurt."

I had Lamont's cock in my hand. It was lubed up and, even with my hand wrapped around it, there was still more than four inches showing. I looked up at him with wide eyes, "if you plan to take my ass with that monster, you'd better be slow and careful."

"Worried Johnny boy? After today, you're going to crave these cocks. You'll be thinking about this fucking. You'll call us up and asks us to come over. I'll asks you why you wants us to come over, and you know what you all will say?"

Like a willing little slut, I asked, "what?"

"You'll beg us to come by and fuck you. You know we all will always help you out anytime, won't we boys?"

Lamont didn't wait for an answer. He took hold of my arm again and led me over to the baby grand piano. I kept looking at him as he slowly turned me around and, with his hand on my back, gently bent me over the edge. "Please be careful, Lamont." I managed to squeak out.

I could feel his cock poking between my ass cheeks trying to hit my asshole. He was poking hard and it hurt. "Lamont, that hurts."

"I'm just anxious to get in, sorry. Give me a hand boy." 

Not in control of my seductive ways, I turned again to look at him while reaching back and taking hold of my ass; I spread it open. He used his finger to make sure he had the right place. When it slipped into my anus, I said, "good for you Lamont, you found it." He lined himself up and, keeping eye contact, started pushing his dick up my ass. It was huge.
