 Editor's Note: John's dream of making love to Lizzy went up in smoke when she called him out. (Reference: Strange Days Ch03: Linking with Lizzy). John is beginning to accept that he may not be the man he thought he was. Now this.

I try to describe what John is thinking while all these experiences go down. His thoughts are what intensifies the heat we feel when one submits. 

I try to keep the action going.

Last lines from-Ch03: Linking with Lizzy

After a few minutes I was brought back to reality when Lizzy entered the room and smiled at me. 

 

Right behind her was Kevin, a devilish smile on his face. 

................

"Kevin, what the hell are you doing here?

"I live here", Kevin replied.

"Very funny Kevin, I feel like a real jerk. You guys set me up, damn it."

"What's the difference John, we're all here now."

Kevin looked at Lizzy and then at me, "we guessed you fucked with, at least, one guy on your way here, it showed. We thought it would be fun to prove it."

I'm sitting naked on their bed, not a good position to be in. I desperately tried to think of someway to explain and save face. Lizzy was still naked and stood there with Kevin's arm around her. What a weird situation. I couldn't think of what to do. They both were waiting for me to say something.

I finally stood up and said, "Look guys, I don't know what to say. Kevin, I'm sorry that I couldn't resist Lizzy, but she was naked when she answered the door. I know it wasn't right and I'm really embarrassed." I stood up and reached for my clothes, "I think it would be best if I just leave."

I grabbed my underwear and proceeded to pull my shorts up. I was determined to get out of there and figure out what I should do next. For my part, this conversation and situation was finished.

Just then Kevin said, "hold on John, I knew what Lizzy was doing. We had talked about it, sure you were not telling us the truth. We looked for some way to find out."

Kevin didn't stop there, "I saw Billy at the club and ask him how your visit went. I could see that he was uncomfortable with the question, but I pushed and asked if he managed to get some 'cooperation' from you. Billy just smiled and said, 'all I can say, he was great, just great'. What do you think he meant?"

At that I stopped dressing and, standing there in my shorts, looked at Kevin. I turned red at what he had said. "I don't know, Kevin, whatever. He just showed me around the hospital. I guess he was impressed by my business knowledge."

Did I really think I would get away with that answer?

"Yeah, sure," Kevin said, "you and I both know he owned your ass, it's a wonder you could still walk. I see you're still rock hard from the finger fucking Lizzy gave you."

If Kevin wanted to keep my face red, he was doing a good job. I had no idea why my cock wouldn't let go of her fucking me, it was still erect, and it pissed me off. "Let's just drop it Kevin, Ok?"

I could tell by the look on their faces that it wasn't 'ok'.

I didn't continue dressing. Even though it was awkward, I stood there waiting for one of them to say something. This was a damn unusual situation, Kevin was fully dressed, Lizzy, completely naked and me in my shorts, with a hard on.

Neither Kevin nor Lizzy said anything else, I Figured we were finished talking. I turned to reach for my pants, when Lizzy came over and sat on the bed, that made me uncomfortable. She looked up at Kevin and waved him over.

Lizzy looked at me and patting the bed next to her, said, "John why don't you relax, sit down here next to me."

I hesitated, everything in me said 'don't do this, keep some dignity', but I sat down.

Kevin walked over and was standing in front of me. Lizzy looked at me and said, "I want you to do what I say." I didn't answer.

Lizzy looked up at Kevin and then back at me. "John, I want you to take out Kevin's cock. Kevin, you wouldn't mind if John did that would you?"

I sheepishly looked up at Kevin, he didn't say anything, he just smiled at me.

I could see that Kevin was hard under his clothes, but I was not in the mood to be used by my friends, this would be more embarrassing then I could bear. I wasn't going to do this, no way.

As the battle raged inside me, I heard Kevin say, "go ahead John, it's ok."

Lizzy took my hand and placed it on Kevin's crotch. I shivered when I felt his hard cock, even under his clothes. I didn't look at him or Lizzy, I reached up and slowly pulled his zipper down.

"Good boy," Kevin said.

I wasn't about to maneuver his cock out through his zipper. I unbuckled his belt, loosened the button and let his pants fall to the floor. He had an impressive cock, his shorts strained to contain it. It had to be nearly nine inches.

I hesitated, feeling dizzy at what I was doing. I heard Lizzy say, "go ahead John, don't be shy, it won't bite."

I looked at her and said, "real funny Lizzy", trying to relieve my uneasiness.

I took hold of the band around Kevin's shorts and started to pull them down, but they hung up near the top. I noticed that the head of his cock was caught in the band. I reached over the top to free it. When my hand touched his cock, I moaned softly, which made Lizzy giggle.

When I had freed his cock, I slowly pulled his shorts down to his ankles. As I sat back up, his cock briefly slid over my cheek.

Kevin was standing in front of me with a beautiful nine-incher just inches from my face. I just said, "wow."

He was trying to free his feet from his pants and shorts, so I bent down again to helped him. He tossed them over a nearby chair.

I sat back on the bed, nervous because I knew what he expected.

Lizzy reached over and cupped Kevin's balls in her hand. Kevin reached down and took hold of his shaft. I was afraid to look at either one of them, but his cock was beautiful and hard to ignore.

I looked up at Kevin and slowly opened my mouth.

I didn't move, Lizzy, holding his balls, guided his cock into my mouth. I was looking up at him when I closed my lips around it.

Kevin began slowly fucking my mouth. He didn't try to push it down my throat, something I appreciated. While he fucked my face, Lizzy was massaging his balls. Experience told me this would bring on a quick orgasm.

His rhythm picked up and all three of us synced our movements for Kevin's pleasure. My hand joined Lizzy's massaging his balls. I could feel them contract, ready to explode. As his cock moved in and out of my mouth, Kevin's moaning and breathing increased.

Kevin managed to say, "my cock is in your mouth, keep sucking that cock." I was beginning to get into this blowjob, I sucked and used my tongue to feel and explore his cockhead. I wanted to keep it between my lips for as long as I could.

Kevin was close and I wanted him to cum. "It feels so good, John. I need to bust, I know you want me to."

Kevin's thrusts were longer, pushing on the back of my throat. I knew I was able to take it, so I opened to him and allow his entire cock into my throat. I felt him shake, then I felt his cum launch as he continually repeated my name. He came so hard that I couldn't swallow fast enough. I felt it dripping from my chin. He continued to pump into my mouth, I made every effort to swallow every drop.

Our eyes had been locked through it all, the only time we disconnected was when his head went back, as he came.

He backed is cock out of my mouth. Lizzy was still holding his balls as his cock relaxed. "That's was one of the best blowjobs I have ever had," Kevin said.

He grabbed my chin and said, "You're a real cock master, John. We should have done this sooner."

I didn't say anything. I looked at Kevin and then at Lizzy, who sat there naked and beautiful. Lizzy said, "John, you're making me jealous. I thought I gave the best oral around, but I've never taken his entire cock down my throat, impressive." I blushed at the compliment and turn to Kevin. "Are you satisfied now, you proved I like cock."

Kevin reached for his pants, but instead of putting them on, he laid them back over the chair. He then took his remaining clothes off and did the same with them. He was naked, Lizzy was naked, I was the only one with shorts on.

I took a moment to look them over. Lizzy was beautiful, it excited me to imagine fucking her, but then I looked at Kevin. He was a handsome guy, about 6' 1" tall, perfect body with a six pack, muscled physique and modestly hairy.

.

When I considered Kevin, the feeling was completely different. My passion was to be used by him, to please a him.

This desire, to feel like a woman when being fucked, thrilled me. Of course, I'll never let them know how I feel.

"How great is this," Kevin said as he walked back to the bed. He reached down and took hold of my shorts. "Let's get these off," he said. I was sitting on the bed when he began to pull on them. It took some effort, I was sitting on them and they didn't want to slide between my ass and the bedspread. The sensation felt wonderful, but eventually I lifted my ass to make it easier. He put them with the rest of my clothes.

Obviously, we were not through. The blowjob was just the beginning. I couldn't object, it would be a foolish gesture at this point.

I had almost cum when Kevin emptied his balls down my throat, but he came fast, and I was left with the ache. When my shorts came off, I felt that old sensation. We both knew I was ready for him. My asshole knew, it began to twitch at the thought of being penetrated.

Kevin stood there, flaccid and Lizzy sat there strangely silent. Without thinking and as though I had the right, I began fondling Kevin's cock and balls. His cock twitched every time my hand brushed his cock head. I wasn't shy, after all, I had it in my mouth and swallowed when he came. We were intimate together.

Lizzy must have read my mind, and noticed I was still sporting a rigid cock. She came over and took hold of it, "it's not fair to leave you hurting. You did such a good job, you deserve to get off."

"Thanks Lizzy, I have to admit, I need to."

She began jerking me off. It felt good.

Kevin's cock was still in front of me. I continued fondling it, and it was responding. I began kissing it and sucking on his balls. At one point I felt his cock pulling away. I tried to hold on to it, but he was turning. He turned around and his ass was in my face. I love ass and his was perfect, it was hairy, but not bad, nicely shaped and firm.

All this time, Lizzy was pulling on my cock.

I had been rimmed by Lars back when we were in the field, (reference: Strange days CH01-One Hell of a ride). I knew what it was, though I never considered doing it.

Kevin didn't move, he arched his ass out as though asking for attention. The heat in me rose when I considered what Kevin wanted.

I brushed my lips across his ass and kissed it. The more I kissed, the hotter I got. I pressed my cheek against his ass and couldn't get close enough, I was losing control again. I began licking his ass cheeks, which at some point brought my tongue across his crack. I didn't linger there, I couldn't see how I would ever go that far.

Lizzy's jerking me off was having its effect. The better it felt, the more I kissed and made love to Kevin's ass.

I knew I would have to do it. I spread his ass, while tracing his crack with my tongue. I thought to myself, when I reach his asshole, how will it feel.

Then I was there, I felt overwhelmed. I spread his ass further, placed my lips on his asshole and passionately kissed it. It responded to my kiss and flexed. I let my tongue slip in, exploring every little wrinkle, licking and fucking him with my tongue. I could hear he was enjoying my oral assault. "Work that asshole, man that feels good," Kevin moaned. I let his cheeks go and they closed around my face. I was buried in him.

I was sucking and tongue-fucking his ass, when I realized that my cock was demanding release. I could feel my balls churning, as my cock went into convulsions. I wrapped my arms around Kevin's hips and pulled his ass into me as hard as I could. My tongue hurt as I pushed it into his asshole.

My cock wouldn't stop cuming. I heard Kevin moan as my tongue pleasured him and I heard Lizzy say, "Oh my goodness," as my cock twitched and exploded in her hand.

I was spent and fell back on the bed. Kevin stood over me with a look of admiration. "John, I never knew you had it in you."

"Yea Kevin, whatever," was all I could muster. I looked over at Lizzy, she was wiping off her hand and cleaning my cum off the bed and floor. She was still naked, and I realized, she was the only one that didn't get off tonight. She helped me, so I wanted to help her get off as well.

The thought vanished when I considered that Kevin was with us and I didn't think he would appreciate me grabbing his wife again. When I looked at Lizzy, I caught Kevin looking at me. To save face, I said, "I'm feeling bad for Lizzy, we got off and she was on the side lines?" With a smirk on my face I said, "she needs a good fucking."

Lizzy started laughing, "Really, you want to fuck me, is that what you think? After what I just saw, do you think I want you to fuck me?" Lizzy continued softer, "but the way you dove into Kevin's ass was hot, if you bury your face in my pussy the same way, that would work."

I looked at Kevin, trying to read what he was thinking when he said, "I know what you mean Liz, he did a good job on me, I have an idea."

I noticed, Kevin was hard again, I guess my efforts had brought him back to life.

Lizzy looked at him quizzically, "I'm kind of ready for anything, what do you want to do?"

"He really got his tongue up my ass, it felt good. Now I'm hard as a rock and need to nut. I've got to ass fuck him."

When Kevin said that, my asshole started twitching as if to celebrate the coming event. I admit it would be nice to be fucked, make me a bitch, but I tried to curb my enthusiasm.

Kevin said, "Lizzy we can kill two birds with one stone. John can suck and tongue fuck like no one I know. Understand?"

Lizzy just shook her head. Kevin look at me and said, "Stand up."

I did as he asked. Kevin took hold of my shoulders and turned me around. With my back towards him, he took his left arm and held me around the waist. With his right hand, he started grabbing my ass. Really feeling me up. He grabbed so hard it hurt, one cheek then the other. The sound that came out of him was almost a growl.

My asshole was still lubed from Lizzy's fingering, when Kevin took his hand and jammed it in. I let out a yell, "Ouch, that hurts, what the hell are you doing! Stop it." It felt like he had pushed his whole hand up my ass and it hurt bad. I tried to get away, but he held me tight.

Kevin didn't say anything, but he took his fingers out, which brought immediate relief. But then he slapped my ass hard. I flinched at the pain and was so surprised that I didn't say anything. I quickly recovered though, and started yelling again, "Stop it, Kevin, what do you think you're doing man?"

Kevin is bigger and stronger then me. He didn't say anything, but I could feel his arm tighten around my waist. His hand came down again. "Ouch, man that hurts, please stop it."

I heard Lizzy laughing as the punishment kept going. With each slap, the pain seemed to go deeper. After about a minute of torture I was resigned. I had tears in my eyes, sobbing, I blurted out, "Kevin, please, it hurts, please stop."

Thankfully Kevin stopped and released me from his hold. I sat down on the bed, which I immediately regretted. Adjusting to the pain, I looked up at him, "what did you do that for?"

"You complained," was all he said.

Kevin nodded to Lizzy. She moved up the bed and sat with her back against the headboard. I looked at Lizzy and then back to Kevin. He watched Lizzy get in position and then turned to me. "I want you to get on all fours. I want your ass facing me and your head between her legs."

Considering what I had just gone through, I figured it would be best to comply. When I looked over at Lizzy, she had spread her legs and was beckoning me over with her finger. I had to admit, she looked delicious, this wouldn't be too bad after all.

I got on all fours. I looked at Lizzy then lowered my face into that moist pussy. I took her clit between my lips and sucked it in. I buried my tongue into her vagina and lapped at her G-spot. I heard her moaning while she moved her hips provocatively. "Eat me John, eat me.".

Why couldn't I have done this before. Perhaps I wouldn't be in this position. Things might have turned out differently and Kevin would have to watch me fucking his wife and seeing her melt from the pleasure I was giving her. Their little plan wouldn't have worked.

I was lost in thought when a sudden pressure on my asshole took me by surprise. I had almost forgotten that Kevin was behind me. He had parted my ass and was spreading lube on and in my asshole. I waited for his cock, but instead he, again, shoved his hand halfway up my ass.

"Damn it Kevin, what the hell are you doing," I said through the pain. I hadn't felt that stretched since Billy used the speculum in the hospital (ref: CH2-Hospital hot bed), but he had taken his time.

"Are you complaining again John?" Kevin said.

I didn't say anything in fear of another spanking. I was trying to get use to the pain when Lizzy said, "John, why are you stopping, let Kevin worry about your ass, just get back to work." There was not much I could do, so I continued eating her, by now, gushing pussy.

Instead of Kevin taking his fingers out of me and fucking me, I could hear the sputter and feel the lube being spread around my stretched asshole. I knew there was nothing I could change, so I concentrated on the task at hand. I felt the pressure increase again and knew what I was in for. Kevin kept pumping his hand and with each push, inserted more of it. I was being fisted.

Lizzy was really getting hot, moving and moaning as I continued to work her pussy. At one point she squealed, "That's it Kevin, destroy that ass, give his cunt something to remember."

I guess that encouraged Kevin.

With his next push, he didn't stop. I could feel his hand entering my ass. I tried to overcome my asshole's efforts to keep him out, concentrating on relaxing my sphincter so the pain would be less, and his hand could finally slide in.

It seemed to take forever, when will he get it in? At least the pain was less, that's when I felt my asshole close around his wrist.

Kevin said, "I'm in Liz, I've got my hand up his ass."

Lizzy jerked and said, "Oh baby," and then arched her back and convulsed to one hell of an orgasm. She grabbed my head and pushed it down. "Get your tongue in my pussy, get it in there, fuck me with your tongue."

Lizzy was a squirter and she was filling my mouth with her juice.

As she relaxed, I laid my head on her crotch, knowing this wasn't over yet. I could tell Kevin was feeling around, what a strange sensation, someone's hand inside you, touching and playing with any part of you he could reach. At one point I felt him playing with my prostate, what did I care, but it was having an effect. Through it all my cock was soft, but now it was starting to stiffen up.

"How does that feel," Kevin said.

"It's ok."

"I'm holding your prostate between my thumb and forefinger, that's crazy."

Kevin started massaging my prostate in a way it had never been massaged before. Each time he squeezed it and rubbed it between his fingers, my cock would jump.

No matter, I wasn't going to start enjoying this. I didn't want his hand up my ass and I won't give these two the satisfaction of owning me, not to that extent.
