 Jason's bus ride was less than pleasant. He had listened to his counselor and kept to himself but four other passengers had already told him that they were going to make him their bitch. One was a large black fella named Dashawn, who admitted that he was "down for whatevah" and that this was his second time inside the system for violent crimes.

Jason was wishing that he hadn't held up that liquor store.

At the prison, the bus was unloaded and all twelve inmates were taken to registration and given their new inmate clothing. Dashawn had made it a point to stay close to Jason.

"When we get inside," he told Jason, "I'm gonna turn my pocket out and you're gonna hold it so everyone knows that your asshole is mine. Got that?"

Jason didn't respond and instead looked to the clerk for assistance only to have the clerk seem to ignore them. 

"Mr. Jason Ross," the clerk said, "you're in pod two cell B. Mr. Dashawn Jones, you're in pod two cell F."

Jason was dreading the walk to his cell until he saw that there was a prison guard waiting to escort him and Dashawn. The two followed the uniformed guard who introduced himself as Paul and he took them to their pod and deposited Dashawn in his cell first. The rest of the way Paul explained who Jason's cell mate was.

"You're bunking with Muther," he said.

"Mother?" Jason asked.

"Muther... with a U. He's a good guy. He gets along with the administration and the inmates alike. You won't have any problems. It's almost like someone was looking out for you."

As they reached Jason's cell, Jason could see Muther sitting on the top bunk. He was bald but not shaved and he lacked eyebrows and any type of facial hair. His skin was pearly white and he was lean and well defined. Muther smiled as Jason came in.

"Hi," Jason muttered.

"Hello," Muther responded.

Jason started to climb into the bottom bunk but Paul stopped him. "You're gonna need to change into your issued uniform. A trustee will be around to pick up your old clothes for you."

Paul left and Jason looked at Muther as he reluctantly got undressed. Jason took down his pants and Muther noticed his bulge but didn't say anything about it. Instead he reaffirmed, "Don't be shy. You don't have to hide nothing from anyone in here. You're safe in this cell."

Jason put on the uniform and climbed into the bunk. Muther came down from his and folded Jason's discarded clothes and placed them in a nice pile on the sink.

From down the pod Dashawn taunted Jason, "I'm gonna get that ass, white boy!"

Jason turned over and faced the wall.

When dinner time came, Jason followed Muther to the cafeteria. The two sat quietly and ate their bland meal then Jason went to the bathroom. He wasn't sitting on the toilet too long before Dashawn came in. He stood in front of Jason and took his cock out. It's black length reached out for Jason.

"You gonna suck this dick," Dashawn demanded. 

Jason didn't move.

Dashawn pulled Jason's head to his cock, "Open up or I'm gonna fuck you up!"

Jason opened his mouth and Dashawn's cock entered it, forcing him to gag as it entered his throat. Dashawn pumped his cock into Jason's mouth as Jason tried to back away from it, coughing the whole time. Soon, Dashawn's precum filled Jason's mouth like sweet and clear syrup and ran down Jason's chin mixed with drool. 

"Suck it bitch," Dashawn ordered, "or I'm gonna fuck you!"

Jason began nervously sucking, swallowing some of Dashawn's sweet precum. It didn't take lon for Dashawn's balls to erupt into Jason's mouth and down his throat. He pulled his cock away from Jason and got close to his face. 

"Next time, I'm gonna fuck that virgin ass, aight!" Dashawn warned as he tucked his cock back into his pants and left. Jason turned and threw up into the toilet and a few minutes later, Muther found him.

"What happened?" Muther asked.

"I don't want to talk about it," Jason said flatly.

Muther walked him back to their cell and Jason spent the rest of the day laying on the bed, facing the wall. When night came and the cell's lights were put out, Jason began to quietly sob to himself. Muther could hear him and he came down from his bunk and lay behind Jason, holding him lovingly as the young man cried. Caressing Jason's arm, Muther soothed him, calming him and letting him relax. After a while, Muther's hand slid down and felt Jason's limp but impressive cock.

"I'm not gay," Jason said.

"I know," Muther replied. "A mouth's a mouth though."

Soon, Muther was jerking on Jason's cock, feeling it grown larger in his hands.

Jason mumbled in pleasure as Muther went down and sucked his cock deep, making swallowing contractions with his throat and working the head of Jason's cock. His hand rubbed Jason's balls vigorously, kneading them while his throat manipulated the large mushroom head. Soon, Jason's load shot into Muther's hungry throat and he swallowed it hastily being sure to orally clean all of Jason's seed before leaving the bunk and climbing into his own.

The following morning, Jason woke to Muther getting ready for a shower.

"Come on," Muther said and he and Jason went to the showers.

Once there, the two got nude and found two showers that were side by side. Jason looked at Muther's body and noticed that not only was it hairless and smooth but Muther's cock and balls were small and uncut.

Most of the men seemed to give Muther a bit of respect but Dashawn ignored the older white man and approached Jason.

"I want that ass," he said to Jason.

Muther stepped in. "What if I offer up my ass in place of his?" he asked.

"Let me see it," Dashawn demanded.

Muther turned around and bent over, showing his smooth hole. Dashawn's large fingers rubbed it and Muther reached back and tugged on his long black dick while Jason watched. Dashawn's cock hardened and he pressed it into Muther's asshole while the other inmates watched and tugged on their cocks. Dashawn pumped in and out vigorously, thrusting his cock deep inside Muther's smooth ass pussy. Muther moaned as his hole stretched for the big black dick. White, milky fluid began to dribble from Muther's cock and one of the other inmates got on his knees and wrapped his lips around the small cock, letting the fluid fill his mouth before swallowing again and again. The other inmates cheered.

Jason found his cock growing harder and Muther reached out for it and pulled it into his mouth, letting Jason fuck his throat. The other inmates watched and tugged their cocks, several of them squirting ropes of cum onto the shower floor around Muther's feet. The man sucking Muther's cock bent down and lapped up the stringy loads from the shower floor and off of Muther's feet before returning to nurse on Muther's dick.

Dashawn and Jason both exploded simultaneously in Muther and Muther's grip on both cocks tightened as he milked them for all of their fluid. When satisfied, Muther released his grip and Dashawn left the circle. The other men went back to showering as they gave up their seed.

"Why did you do that?" Jason asked Muther.

"Because I think you're a sweet boy," Muther responded as he finished showering.

The rest of the day went by without much ado. When night came, Jason fell asleep to Muther sucking him. He dreamed of lotuses and dryads only to wake up to Muther standing naked in the cell, pressed up against the bars. Jason could hear a suckling noise and beyond that, the sounds of skin being softly slapped. He looked to find that Paul was on his knees and sucking Muther's flaccid cock while the rest of the pod were stroking their cocks.