 The surprise happy ending

Filled with anticipation and a little fear, Buck sat quietly on his sofa. He had just contacted a massage parlor that did house calls. He had ordered a massage with a happy ending but was told the only therapist available today was a male. He reluctantly agreed and was sitting here wondering if he might be a closet gay.

His thoughts were interrupted by a knock at the door. Buck jumped to his feet and went to the door. He opened it and peered out at a very good looking young man. He was neatly dressed, tall and lean with the muscles of a swimmer. He gave Buck a smile that admittedly caused a stir in Buck's loins. 

"Hello Buck, my name is Walter I'm here to give you a massage." 

"Come in," said Buck.

Walter set up his table and told Buck to disrobe. Buck took his clothing off and climbed onto the table. He rolled onto his stomach and pulled the sheet up just over his ass.

Walter had also undressed and before Buck could make any comment, Walter said, "I find that if I am naked as well as the client, it's easier for the client to be naked in front of a man. I can put my clothes on if you wish," Walter said.

"That will be fine," Buck said.

Walter pulled a tube of oil from a bag on the floor and began to work Bucks neck and shoulders. Buck was really feeling the strength in his hands. Finished Buck's neck and shoulders Walter moved down his back. Walter eased the sheet down off of Buck and began to knead each cheek of his rock hard ass. Walter put a little more oil on his hands and rubbed deeper into his flesh. He occasionally slipped the side of his hand into Bucks butt crack and ran a finger gently across his rectum. He continued this, each time getting closer and closer to his hole. Adding a little more oil, Walter eased his baby finger slowly into the waiting hole. 

Walter could see that Buck wasn't having any difficulty with this activity and decided to test his theory. He eased his middle finger into Bucks ass. He pumped it slowly until he heard Buck moan. With that Walter pushed three fingers into Bucks ass and pushed deeper into him. Noticing Bucks fever he quit.

Buck could feel his penis beginning to tingle as it grew into a full erection.

"Okay. Buck, can you roll over on you back for me?"

Without speaking he quickly rolled over onto his back without pulling the sheets up. His erection sprang skyward as he did so.

Walter went to the head of the table and worked on Bucks chest and stomach.

He was enjoying his work as witnessed by Walter's cock that was no longer flaccid.

Buck watched as Walters cock grew. It aroused him more than he though a man could ever do.

Buck's breathing was raspy and couldn't hide his excitement. He looked up and he started to reach for Walters cock and said, "May I touch you?" 

Walter smiled and nodded his approval as his took hold of Bucks testicles and squeezed gently. Walter wasn't ready to give Buck his happy ending yet, but it looked like things were going to get interesting.

Buck took Walters cock in both hands and stroked it while Walter continued to fondle his balls. Buck stroked Walters cock while pulling it closer to his face. Walter leaned closer to Buck's face.

Buck had never even considered sucking a cock but he pressed Walters cock between his lips and began to suck on the head of it. Walter now began to stroke Bucks cock which caused a raging desire almost too strong to stop his Cumming. He fought hard to stop the onslaught while pulling Walters cock deeper into this mouth. He had seen porn films of women pulling a cock deep into their throat. He pushed Walters cock deep into his throat. He gagged at first then found a way to breathe through his nose.

Using additional lotion, Walter worked a finger into the edge of his rectum. He slid the fingers of his free hand around Bucks cock and worked the length of it while pushing his finger deeper into Bucks rectum. 

Buck began to work Walter's cock in and out of the throat while sucking and squeezing his balls. He could feel Walters Balls rising and his cock thickening and Walter groaning. He knew Walter was going to cum so he worked even harder and deeper into his throat. Walter exploded into Buck's mouth and Buck held his breath while he swallowed hard trying to get every bit of his cum.

Walter bent over and put Buck's cock full in his mouth and began to suck. He pushed two fingers into his ass now and worked Bucks cock up and down and he put yet another finger into his ass. 

Bucks cock was deep into Walter's throat and Walter put the third finger into to him and began to fuck his ass with three fingers and was humping his cock with his mouth. 

Buck began to rock up and down as he was fucked and sucked by Walter. He didn't realize that he still had Walters cock in his mouth and it began to harden. 

With Walters cock still deep in his mouth Buck began to scream as he exploded in the most fantastic climax he had ever experienced. Walter did not stop sucking and fucking his ass as Buck came and came and came in heavy spurts while trying to keep Walters now hard cock in his mouth.

Totally spent, Buck lay on the table wondering if he was gay. He looked at Walter who was walking toward the bathroom and said, "Does this mean that I'm gay?"

Walter laughed and said, "If you have to ask, you are not. You just like sexual pleasure. Me, I'm bi-sexual and enjoy both. You might be Bi, but I doubt it. You were just horny and needed an outlet."

"That was some outlet," Buck said as he fell off to sleep.