 Here is chapters 4 and 5. I hope you guys like it. All characters are 18 years of age or older. Enjoy!

Chapter 4: Trent's Debut

(Trent goes home and finds his friend Haley at his house waiting on him to arrive.)

"Haley! What are you doing here?"

"Duh, we always hang out on Friday. Did you forget, silly?

"Oh shit I did! I'm sorry. Want me to make it up to you?"

"What did you have in mind?"

"How about Mexican at the usual place?"

"Hell yeah!"

On the drive to the restaurant it was filled with the laughter of two inseparable friends. Jokes and gossip filled the car from Trent's house to the Mexican restaurant. Friends will be friends.

They get a table and order the usual, fajitas. The conversation dies down a bit when Haley runs to the restroom. 

Trent's mind begins to wander back to the incident with Cade.[Damn, that was unsuccessful. How the hell am I going to get Cade to at least hold a steady conversation with me? Shit! Shit! Shit! Think Trent. What does he like to do? Um... Run? Well he is on cross country. No... who runs for fun? Damn! Maybe a movie. Everyone likes movies... right? This is harder than I thought.] 

"Trent! Trent! Earth to Trent!"

"Huh? Oh sorry Haley. Didn't realize you came back already." 

"You're a little spacey now than from our previous conversation. What's up?" 

(Daydreaming about this really cute guy that I apparently can't have, but you don't need to know that.) "Oh nothing just stressed about my math class. You know the usual." (She can't know that I'm gay.)

"Are you sure because you have that anxious and unnerving look. I feel like there is something you aren't telling me. Did you meet someone?"

(Is it that obvious?) "No I didn't meet anyone. What gave you that idea?

"Well, you had a stupid goofy grin on your face when I came back from the bathroom. Obviously someone is making you fall head over heels. So, who is it?"

(She would flip her shit if I told her who it was.) "You will look down upon me if I tell you."

"There is no way in hell I would look down upon my best friend and judge you for who you like or possibly love. Do you see me that way? Trent I love you like I love my brother... well like the brother I always wanted instead of what I got, but you can't pick your family."

"Well... if you must know. It's Cade Byers."

"Trent... are you telling me you're gay?"

"Yeah, do you have a problem with my sexuality? I really don't want to lose our friendship because you disapprove of me."

"I would never disapprove. Like I said, I love you!"

"So you still want to talk to me and hang out?"

"Yes, I'm not going to disown you because of it. Have you told your parents?"

"No! You're the first person I've told. I'm scared for their reaction. And I don't want to lose them either."

"Well, can we eat first and then you can tell me all about how Cade Byers makes you wet? I'm dying to hear how your relationship is going."

"That's just it, well... um... we aren't dating and I think I turned him off when we talked because I was trying to be sexual in the conversation and he didn't like it very much."

"Trent you can't just be sexual in the first conversation. It makes you look thirsty and that all you want is sex."

"Now someone tells me. Haley you have to help me win him back from this turn off."

"Well I'm having a party tomorrow night. Invite him with you so he can hang out with us and get comfortable with all of our friends. Maybe get a little alcohol in his system to loosen him up to socialize. Then he will realize how much fun he had and be begging to go out again and maybe suck your dick in the process. I don't know. It's just a thought."

"Haley you are a genius. I never even thought about the party. This is why I love you!"

"Hey, it's what I'm here for. Oh and no sex at my house. If my parents found out there was sex going on in the house besides them, then they would put me on lock down. Can't have that."

"I'm not going to have sex in your house. I want to do it in my bed with Cade not yours. How unpleasant with all your damn stuffed animals and zebra print and pink. God could you just imagine all the awkwardness?"

"Hey, don't mock my child like taste. It just means I'm pure at heart."

"Don't you mean with your vagina? And besides it's defiantly man repellant. That's why your still 'pure at heart' haha! Love you Haley!"

"Why you're just jealous. Don't be hating on it. Are you finished because I'm ready to leave?"

"Yeah, we can go. God there is so much to plan for." (I hope he says yes to the party.)

"Is the party at seven tomorrow night?"

"Yeah, and its BYOB, Bring Your Own Booze, if you want something other than just beer."

[Haley and Trent make their way back to Trent's house and Haley goes on home to set up for her party the following night. In the meantime Trent is debating on how to ask Cade out to the party. Will there be acceptance or rejection from Cade?]

Chapter 5: Cade's Friday Night

"Well mom and dad, have fun on your vacation to Jamaica."

"We will Cade," says Brent and Sandy Byers.

"Oh mom, while you're on your trip can I drive your car?"

"Sure, but please be careful. You know how much that car cost."

"Yes ma'am. I will be. Love you guys and again have fun."

"Bye Cade, We'll be back Tuesday."

[Since they have left I can finally order that pizza and get to watching Netflix. What to watch; what to watch? I think I will just continue watching Family Guy.] 

(Ding-dong) Looks like the pizza is here. Thank god. I'm starved!

I open the door and well it isn't the pizza delivery guy. It's Trent!

Damn, he is gorgeous! He has to stop doing this to me. It's nerve racking]

"Hey Trent. What do you want this time? More sex talk? If that's what you came for just walk away now."

"No Cade that isn't why I stopped by. I wanted to ask you something important."

[Oh shit! What could it be?]

"I was wondering if you would like to go to a party with me tomorrow night at seven."

"What?"

"Do I have to repeat it again? I'm already nervous enough."

"You want to be seen with me at a party tomorrow night? I did hear that correctly... right?"

"Yes Cade you did. So will you go with me? It will be fun."

"Sure. Why the hell not. I have nothing better to do. My parents are gone till Tuesday so no parental control."

"Oh thank God! (He actually said yes! I have to tell Haley.)"

"Oh look the pizza is finally here. Thank you."

"You're welcome."

"So Trent, do you want to stay and eat some pizza with me?"

"I'll stay and chill, but I'm not hungry. Haley and I went and ate Mexican."

"You bitch! You didn't bring me. That is my favorite type of food. God the least you could do is buy me dinner before trying to get into my pants."

"Would it help just to gain access?"

"Yes... Maybe... Probably not. I'm sorry but I'm just not ready for that chapter to begin in my life. I hope you can respect that."

"Cade I can defiantly respect that of you. I can also wait for you until you're ready. I don't want to push you."

"Oh really? What happened to I'll pound you into the mattress and I'll pop that cherry?"

"Don't get me wrong I still want too, but I know waiting until you're ready will make it all that much more satisfying."

"Wow! Look who is finally being a respectful gentleman. I think you are the first nineteen year old that I've me that has resect for his date."

"What can I say? I want this to go smoothly because I really want you to be MINE!"

"I can't promise anything to you, but I can give you a hint: just keep doing what you're doing. I may surprise you one day."

"I hope so. Well I'm going to head out. I'll pick you up at six tomorrow night. Wear something cute: like those jeans that make your ass look good. Those are my favorite!"

"Alright Trent. Bye. See you tomorrow."

"Bye, cutie."

Trent: (Oh My God He Said Yes! I feel like I'm floating on cloud nine right now. I can sleep better knowing that I'm making progress. He will be MINE!)

Cade: [Holy Shit! It's like a dream come true. I have a date with Trent Martin! Only like the hottest guy in school. And he wants ME. I have got to tell Justice my good news. She will crap her pants when I tell her who my date is. Can this day get any better?]

Oh, I completely forgot about the pizza and Netflix. Well I guess this night can get better. I really need to stop questioning myself. I raise my Dr. Pepper can, "Cheers to a remarkable day!"