 It's monday morning. Overcast , but warm. The first day this year that I've managed to bike to work. I pull round to the side of the building, beep my door card and awkwardly waddle my bike through the too small side door.

The little basement of my office building is part car park, part bike racks and part storage., Weird stacks of things loom in the corners, covered in dust and fluorescent lights. What it does have, is showers.

I lock up my bike, and head into the showers. There's the big shower room first, one shower, lockable and clearly designed to be the disabled shower room, until they realised that it was up three steps and completely inaccessible. Predictably, it's locked. At the end of the corridor, past the door to the ladies shower room into the men's shower room. 

There's three little stalls in here. I generally head for the end one, it's round a corner and a little out the way. There's a guy in the changing room this morning, Joe, Jim? Something like that. I think he's a civil engineer of some sort? Tunnels maybe? Someone from the third floor anyway. I nod, vaguely companionably and head to the benches at the end of the changing room. 

I start to unpack my bag, unfolding my shirt and suit jacket and hanging them up, and generally taking just a bit longer to get ready to shower than strictly necessary, hoping that Joe will finish dressing and get out before I need to get undressed.

It's not that I mind being naked so much, I'm not really shy. But there's just something weird about working with people who know what you look like naked. Or at least I think so. It makes meetings just a little more awkward that they need be.

Finally, Jim leaves, and I strip off my remaining cycling clothes, toss them on the bench and head into the shower. I turn on the water, too cold... too hot... just right and start soaping off the stink of my commute. I hear the door of the shower room open, and shut. 

So much for my privacy. Perhaps I can just take my time with a long, soapy luxurious shower and they'll be done before I leave. I grab more shower wash and stick my head under the shower head to enjoy the heat.

Suddenly, the cubicle door opens!

Before I can turn, or yell, something pink covers my vision. A wet washcloth over my face and I'm slammed into the wall. My feet slip and a fall against the wall, my hands grasping the slick tiles to stay upright. I feel the cloth pulled tight around my head and hands grab my wrists. I hit the wall face first, and slip down to my knees. My wrists still held tight.

The tile wall is cold, the floor is hard on my knees and I'm dazed, dizzy and confused.

The stranger behind me pulls at my wrist, nearly picking me up from the floor and pull sme around to face him. In a matter of seconds I've gone from standing, soapy and warm under a steamy shower jet to kneeling, blindfolded in front of a total stranger. He pulls my wrists forward and I begin to understand. 

I feel the hard tiles beneath me, the hot water spattering on my head, and now, his hard cock on my lips. I'm still dizzy, and confused, but I understand now what's happening. I understand what he wants of me. I shake my head. I don't want this. I can't do this.

Clearly, this is not an acceptable response, my wrists are janked forward and I collide, heavily with his knee. I'm dumped back to my kneeling position, and I feel his cock again at my lips. 

There's one way out of here it seems, and so, I part my lips, bend my head forward and engulf the tip of his hard cock with my mouth. I start slowly, tentatively, but I know how this feels, what I'd usually like when my wife's mouth is wrapped around my cock. The best way to make this stranger happy is to do a good job.

I pull back, and run my tongue along the length of his cock, around the head, before slipping the tip back into my mouth. I hear him inhale, as I do. Clearly I'm having the desired effect. 

I start to bob my head gently, stroking his cock with my lips and swirling my tongue as I do. Still taking it slowly, softly, I take him deeper into my mouth, and deeper still, gaining confidence in this unfamiliar art as I do so. I hear a moan escape my stranger, and can't help but feel a little proud of the effect I'm having. 

My mouth now full of his cock I move back and forth quicker and quicker. I wouldn't have chosen this, but I feel good that I'm succeeding. I feel capable. My mind starts to drift a little, closing my blindfolded eyes and imagining what this must look like. I feel my cock start to rise. My strangers breathing is heavier now, I work his cock quicker, I want him to cum now. Mostly so this will be over, and I'll be free, but I can't deny a curiosity here. 

But my distraction, and my overconfidence are my undoing. My stranger is less impressed with my eager, amateurish talents. He drops my wrists, and grabs two handfuls of my wet hair. I feel him pull me closer to him, his hips pushing forward as he pulls me. His cock drives deeper into my mouth. Deeper still. I thought I had almost all of him in my mouth, but as he starts to fuck my face I realise how wrong I was. 

He drives my face onto his hard cock, deeper into me. Quick, hard thrusts completely filling my mouth with cock and then, as I think I can't possibly take any more of him, he slows, pulling me closer and closer. I feel his hard cock at the back of my throat as he pulls me closer and closer. I start to panic and choke, but he won't relent. I know what's coming, I can't fight it, I try to relax as best I can as his hard cock enters my throat. He pulls me even closer, his whole length in my mouth and my throat. I feel my nose pushed against him, completely stretched, completely helpless. My eyes are red and streaming, my throat stretched around his cock he takes up the rhythm once more and now he's fucking my throat, hard and deep. 

I can't move, I can't breath, all I can feel is his hard cock fucking me. I'm desperate for breath now, my vision fading. My body is panicking and jerking, desperate for air. The only thing left in this world now is the feel of his hard cock fucking my throat. I'm desperate for him to cum now, all I want is him to cum in my throat. As I begin to black out all that's going through my head is "please cum, please cum!"

At the last second he releases my hair and pulls his hard cock from my throat. I collapse to the tiles, gasping for air, my eyes red and streaming. I'm exhausted, broken. But he didn't cum in me. He didn't cum in my throat.

He shoves his arms, under my armpits from behind and lifts me roughly to my feet. Then, his hands are once again in my hair, holding me in place like a wrestler. I feel his cock at my arse. I'm still slick with soap and his cock covered in my saliva and so so hard. He slides his into me easily, quickly. It's more gentle than I was expecting, and now he is buried completely inside me. I feel him thrust into me, fucking me, owning me. I've never been fucked like this. It feels like he knows that. He must.

He fucks me slowly.

After the throat fucking this feels, gentle, nice even. It seems strange to feel so relieved to be fucked by a stranger. Maybe it's the relief at being able to breathe, maybe my brain is fixated on the nearly final thought of "please cum". My cock rises, hardens, and I hear behind me a very small noise, an amused "huh", like the tiniest auditory smirk.

He releases my hair with one hand, and strokes down my chest, reaching my now hard cock. He wraps his hand around me, and strokes me gently in time with his fucking. 

Oh god it feels good, it all feels so good. But no! This isn't how this goes. This isn't some romantic encounter. This is him taking me, hard and uncaring. Why must he be so gentle now, why won't he just cum in me and go. I'm so hard now. So fucking hard. As he fucks my arse he strokes me. I've never been so hard, never been so turned on. My cock feels like warm velvet over stone, aching for release. I won't let him have this, I won't. Some things he can't take. But he knows I'm wrong. He knows he can take whatever he wants from me now.

I feel it building now, I grit my teeth, and hold back, but he won't relent. 

I'm whimpering now, shuddering, every muscle in my body fighting the orgasm that he's determined to force from me.

I won't come for him, I won't... but then I am. Screaming and so hard I see stars, crying out wordlessly because I have no name to scream, and he feels it, feels all of it. 

I collapse, limply, only to be help up by his hands in my hair and his thick cock impaling me and only then do I feel his final hard arrhythmic thrusts, his cock pulsing, a deep urgent groan as he unloads what feels like an unending torrent of cum deep inside of me. 

He leaves without saying a word. 

I'm left naked and wet on the shower room floor, in a pool of sweat and soap and cum. 

I lie there for... well, I don't know how long for. Lying on the tiled floor letting the hot water pour over me. The light flicks off. The motion sensors thinking the rooms been empty long enough. 

I slowly pull myself to my feet and pull the washcloth from my eyes.

The wall is still spattered with my cum. His is still leaking from me, covering my thighs. Unsteadily I clean myself, and the cubicle. 

Dazed still I get out the shower, towel myself dry, and put on my suit, my hands shaking a little as try to tie my tie.

I head out, up the stairs from the basement to the office proper, and to my desk on the third floor. One of these people, these people I work with everyday, one of these people has taken me, completely, has cum deep inside me. I can't bring myself to meet anyone's eyes, it could have been any of them.

Epilogue:

I tap out an email to my wife. I don't understand how I feel. I feel taken, so completely. I've never cum so hard, never been used so roughly. My stranger has taken me in every conceivable way. Perhaps I can explain, perhaps she can help me understand.

I write down, as best I can how my morning has been, what happened in the shower. 

Send.

I'm waiting now. An hour. Two? 

My email pings, it's from my wife. 

Tentatively, my heart in my throat I open it. I don't know what she'll say, what she'll think.

Her email reads:

"Your story was so hot! 

I didn't know about this little fantasy of yours. 

It made me cum so hard! I just couldn't help myself."