 Last weekend I drove up to my parent's cottage to be alone and relax. It began to rain when I was half way there and only got worse when I finally arrived. After dinner and a couple of drinks I was feeling sexy so I put on some makeup and my long blonde wig. I bought myself a new outfit that I was dying to put on. I stood in front of the full-length mirror watching myself as I put on the black silk bra and panties. I slipped my feet into my black heels then the final piece, a short black silk robe. "God your gorgeous girl," I said to the reflection then blew myself a kiss. I walked over to the dresser next to the mirror picked up my drink and an X rated Transsexual video I rented for the weekend then made my way to the living room. 

I put the tape into the VCR and sat down onto the couch that faced the television when BOOOOOMMM, the thunder exploded as the storm that I drove up in grew worse. But I didn't care I was safe and warm inside the cottage. I pressed the play button and took a good sip of my Jack n Coke. The video began with a shoot of a door and someone knocking on the other side. Then a girl appears wearing a tank top short shorts and walks over to answer the door. She opens the door and there is this great looking stud. "I got a call that you're having some air conditioning problems," he says to her. "Yes, it's so hot in here," she replies to him as she eyes him up and down then stares at the big bulge protruding from his blue jean shorts.

The next scene shows him at the air conditioner and her on the couch. "There, all fixed," he tells her. "But I'm still hot," she answers and lifts her tank top up exposing her breasts then putting each tit in a hand she squeezes them together. The man smiles unbuckles his belt then unzips hi pants. He pulls out his semi-hard cock and begins to jack off as the girl slips off her top then slides her shorts off revealing her own semi-hard cock. The man then strips and walks to the couch. She takes his cock in her right hand and sticks it in her mouth. 

I moved my hand down to my own growing hard on and I begin to rub it through the silky panties. BOOOOMMMM, again the thunder sounded then darkness. "DAM," I shout in the unlit cottage. The storm must have knocked out a transformer. I moved slowly to find the candles and matches that are kept in the living room for such an emergency. 

After lighting all the candles I sat back down on the couch and took another big sip of my drink. "Just when the movie was getting good," I think to myself then take another sip. Suddenly I hear a banging on the front door of the cottage. " Who the hell would be driving in this storm," I say as I peer through the window at the figure knocking on the door. 

"Hello…hello," a voice calls at the door. 

"What do you want?" I ask.

My car went off the road and is stuck in the mud can I use your phone?" he pleaded.

BOOOOMMM, the thunder made its presence again.

"Okay," I answer as I open the door to the stranger. He dashes in the cottage soaking wet from the hard rain.

Looking down he says, "Thanks I really…," but stammers, "aaappreciate it" as he looks up and sees me dressed in my black silk outfit. 

I smile and say, "No problem." Even in the candle lit I notice that he's not bad looking. 

"All the power is out and so is the phone" I inform him. Hell I didn't know if the phone was out, but anything to keep him here. "Better get out of those wet clothes...the bathroom is over there" I point in the direction. "There is a robe you can wear in there."

"Thanks," he says and walks towards the bathroom.

When he came back into the living room I was seated on the couch stirring a drink I made for him with my finger. "So stud, what's your name?" I wickedly say smiling at him.

"Gary...Gary Zane," he answers. "And thanks again for letting me in," he added as he sat down on the couch dressed in a white cotton bathrobe.

"You're welcome," I replied as I handed him the drink.

"Mmmm...this is good," he states as he took a big sip of the drink.

"What's your name," he asks.

I move closer to him. "Michele," I say as I move my left hand onto his naked leg.

He nervously takes another drink as he watches my hand massage his right thigh.

Suddenly the VCR comes on and the movie I was watching alone appears on the television screen at the scene with the girl sucking the guys cock.

"Whoa look at that," he exclaimed 

"You like that?" I ask invitingly.

"Oh yea," he answered as I opened the robe and took his so what limp cock in my left hand then lowered my open mouth to his muscle.

I felt his hand on the back of my head as I slobbered up and down on his pole that was now at full length. My tongue twirled around the head of his dick causing him to moan softly.

Hearing Gary and the guy on the video moaning together was making me so hot that I working on the dick in my face like the cheap slut I am.

"Yea baby suck my dick," Gary said to me periodically glancing at the video.

Suddenly Gary stopped push my head up and down with his hand as I sucked him. "What the...that chick has a cock!," he said in a totally surprised voice.

Gary moved his right hand down and opened my rob to see the head of my own hard on peeking through the waistband of my black satin panties.

Gary looked back at the television in shock and saw that the girl was bent over the back of the couch as the man was fucking her from behind.

Seeing the small bottle of lube that I had placed on the stand next to the couch Gary picked it up and said to himself, "What the hell." He then said to me to stand up.

I stood up then he did. I got a quick look at the video and saw what he wanted. I opened my robe and let it drop to the floor. Gary hooked his fingers in my panties and pulled them down my legs. I then turned and knelt down on the couch. I arched my back down and stuck my ass back at Gary who was lubing his cock.

Gary stepped behind me put his left hand on my left hip and then I felt the head of his cock rubbing against my love tunnel. As he eased his cock into me he put his right hand on my right hip. I leaned over the back of the couch as Gary slowly humped me from behind.

"Man I never knew it would feel this good or that tight," he said between panting from fucking me.

"Yea you bastard...fuck my ass…give me that dick," I spat at him because the sensation his cock was giving my ass was the best stuffing I had for a few days.

I felt Gary drive his rod deeper into my butt than he had done before, "Here bitch...here bitch…take this...take this...," he growled as he thrust his hips back and forth back and forth. I was jacking myself off and whimpering, "Oh...oh...oh...," as he began to ride me wildly.

Gary pulled his cock out and walked around the couch to stand in front of me. I lifted my body up so he could stroke his dick in my face. This also put my cock in the crack of the couch so I began to hump the pillows that held my dick. 

"Come on Gary...shoot that load...cover my face in your cum," I dared him.

Gary opened his mouth and groaned loudly as his hot white streams of cum spewed out of his dick head and landed on my face. As the cum rolled down my face I felt my own cock ejaculate and I contorted my face as I orgasmed.

Gary stood there. His body shaking from the intensity. I leaned forward and began to milk the last of his cum out of his dick with my mouth.

Gary shared the bed with me that night, but as usual that's another story.