 (True Story)

I was lost in the land of nowhere a few months ago, well I guess you can say North of Pennsylvania. I was traveling on a hitch hiking road trip, walking, and of course hitching a ride to where I wanted, in what ever the amount of time. You might not think it's a good idea, but it was a great idea for me at the time, I needed to get away from my friends, family, and ex girlfriend. 

I guess you could say that the story officially picks up when I got picked up by a cute guy going on a road trip of his own from Rhode Island. I could tell he was gay by just watching him checking me out, now that might be stereotypical, but I have my reasons for being this way. When I got in his car we immediately introduced ourselves. His name is Ben, he is 20 years old and is inspiring to be a culinary chef. I said that my name was Owen, I'm 22 and I am inspiring to be a professional pole dancer. Not true, but I think I have potential. Our chats ended up from innocent talk about our careers, his in cooking and mine in perfecting "The triple back flip land on pole move," to talk of sex. 

It seemed to be that we were both looking for something. I hadn't had sex with a male or female in a while, and it was the same for him, except the interest of woman was not as big as mine. He said (hands on the wheel, staring at the road), that I looked like I needed a good fucking, and he needed someone good to fuck. Kind of caught me off guard, to be honest I never though the chat would go more farther then just dirty talk, especially since we were on a main road, and I didn't see anywhere to stop. I mentioned the idea that we could try it, and soon enough we were pulling over on a deserted back road, surrounded by massive trees and dirt. We stepped out of his car (dark green, I remember), leaned against the side of the car and waiting for one another to make a move. I thought that I would start, so I mentioned that I was pretty good with my mouth. Ben wanted to experience it himself. 

I sort of laughed, not wanting to take off his pants. Luckily I heard the sound of a belt, and the unzip of buttons on jeans ending up hitting the dirt where he was standing. Ben just looked at me and said that he was ready for the "Owen Experience", I thought it was catchy and maybe I could make a sex show called The Owen Experience, make money and get some cock to suck. Anyway, I flipped over onto my knees. Staring into my eyes was a beautiful shaven, seven inch or maybe bigger cut cock, and I was glad that it was very thick. I just needed a taste at first, flicking my tongue on his cock head, teasing him enough until he told me to just suck him. I looked up at him then wrapped my soft lips around his shaft. Ben let out a sigh, then rested his body up against his car. I took hold of Ben's balls and gently rubbed them, moaning on his cock as I took him deeper and deeper. Ben's eyes with closed, his legs spread wide, letting me do all the work and not bothering me. I took my mouth off of his cock and complimented him on how good his cock tastes. His cock was soaked with saliva that made it shine in the sunlight. I was about to jump back on his cock but Ben stopped me. Ben said that I was great, but he wanted something else too, and I knew what the something else was.

I got off my knees and traded places with Ben. I felt his body pressing against mine as he slowly started to unbuckle my pants. I was totally submissive to this cute stud, he had my pants off and me waiting to be taken by his big cock. Ben forced my hands on the hood of his car and told me to keep them there. Ben then spread my legs apart and pushed me down a bit so my body was curved. I then felt a warm tongue slowly enter my ass, and it sent shivers down my spine. While he was doing this I kept on thinking of his fat cock unloading a fresh load of cum inside me. Ben must have been reading my mind because he soon stood up, spread my ass cheeks and rubbed his cock head on my asshole. His cock head slowly made it's was past my ring into my ass. Ben stopped and to my surprise shoved his cock all the way up my ass, to the balls. The force of the thrust shot pleasure throughout my body, forced me on my tipsy toes, and made my cock instantly hard.

Ben was fucking me like a school slut, and I was moaning like a slutty school girl to go with it. Ben kept on grabbing my shoulders and making deep thrust in my ass. It was such a hard and pleasurable pounding that my ass was taking. When my ass clenched around his cock, his thrust became faster, and eventually made me scream his name (The first time I ever screamed someone's name). I felt like a dirty bitch with each thrust he made inside me. Ben's balls smacked against my ass as one of his fingers entered my mouth. I sucked his finger as if I was sucking his cock, tightening my lips, and sucking deeply. Ben warned me that he was going to cum, I could feel his balls tighten and his hips thrust at a uncontrollable rate. I felt my body hit the ground, it was Ben throwing us on the ground and fucking me doggy style, I felt Ben unleash an assault of thick creamy cum inside of me, breeding me into his bitch. After leaving his mark inside me, Ben kissed that back of my neck and got off of me. Ben was nice enough to help me stand up, and even apologized for getting me all dirty, (not metaphorically). Ben just said that he never felt so good inside of someone. I agreed and told him that I had never been fucked like that, or screamed someone's name. 

It wasn't long before we were back on the road again, all satisfied. After an hour of driving we arrived at the place where I told him I had to be. I decided to stay as long as possible with Ben on the road, until he got to his destination, he didn't mind. After driving for so long my craving for cum took over my body and mind, and I knew I was with a guy who had lots of it. Ben didn't complain when I pulled out his cock on the highway for a little snack. Even though it was dangerous to do, it wasn't my first worry after thinking about it. It was embarrassing when I heard the sound of a siren and saw flashing lights. We were being pulled over by a cop who sought Ben's driving was "suspicious", even though I just had a hard cock down in my throat, knowing that passing cars had to have seen. It was very clear about what I had been doing. I'm not exaggerating when I still believe that when the cop was on his way back to his cruiser, he said the two words that I will never forget, "Lucky bastard."