 We are at the bar and you are playing great music and I keep coming up to the dj booth to tease you because I am in a short skirt but tonight I don't wear any panties. You are drinking to the point of no return and you called your wife and told her you were going with "the boys" so she didn't have to come and pick you up at the bar. Well needless to say, I am "the boys" and after the bar closes and everyone is gone we get in my truck. 

We make sure nobody is around before we leave because we want to avoid the drama from people talking. We get back to my house and you are so drunk but I happen to have beer there so you continue to drink. Well while you are drinking, you didn't realize I happened to call Kari and asked her to come over to the house. But since you didn't know I called I couldn't just wait until she got there and surprise the hell out of you. 

So you are laying down on the air mattress in the living room watching TV and drinking beer. I walk over to the end of the bed and bend over with my ass to you and I push play on the VCR. I happened to rent a movie of gay porn where it is a white guy with a gang of black men. I stand up and turn around and seductively start to take my shirt and pants off to be standing there in a matching sexy lacy bra and thong. 

You start to sit up and I tell you just to lay there and continue drinking your beer as I get you another one so you have a fresh supply of beer at your hand at all times. I come back and straddle over your waist and lean down and kiss you gently. You try to kiss back but I resist. You also try to put your beer down and touch my body but I don't let you. I make sure you continue drinking your beer and your free hand is under your head so you can't touch. 

I kiss your neck and begin to gently nibble on your ear. Running my tongue down your neck just teasing you. I slide your shirt off over your head and run my tongue down your body to your pants. I unbutton your pants and you help me slide them down. You are laying there in your underwear and your cock is semi-hard. 

I gently bite at your hip and then run my tongue down one leg and back up the other. I gently nuzzle my chin against your growing hard cock. I run my tongue along the edge of your elastic band and pull them down with my teeth exposing your cock. I run my tongue back up your leg and stop at the base of your cock. I lick the tip of your cock and it springs fully to life. Teasing the tip with my tongue, it reacts by jumping and you gently moan. 

I run my tongue down the shaft and gently rub your balls in circles with my tongue. Back up the shaft to the tip of your cock I insert just the head in my mouth. Again your cock jumps to the reaction of my hot wet mouth. I slowly insert more of your cock deep in my mouth until it reaches the back of my throat and you moan a little louder. I place my right hand on your shaft and my left hand gently massages your balls. I get my right hand wet from my mouth and begin to slowly stroke your cock up and down while I suck it. But it just isn't getting wet enough. 

So I stand up and turn around. I bend over slowly sliding my thong down over my ass giving you a view of my hot wet pussy from behind. You see my right hand slide between my thighs and insert the three middle fingers deep inside my pussy. I play with my pussy a little getting it wet with my hot juices. 

I turn back around and lean back down to your cock and slide your cock back in my mouth as my right hand slides up and down. My wet juices gliding all over your hard dick and my left hand begins to massage your balls again. My tongue is running all over your cock tasting my pussy. 

After sucking your cock for a bit I then lean up and kiss you passionately and you taste my hot pussy from my mouth. I go back down to your cock and nestle my body deep between your legs. I run my tongue down your shaft and to your balls and you moan but I don't stop. I continue lowering my tongue until I reach your ass. 

I grab a bottle of pina colada flavored lotion that I had beside the bed. I pour some in my mouth and it is hot. I go back to your cock and let the hot lotion ooze down your balls and soaking your hole. I run my tongue down over your balls and gently run my tongue in circles around your hole. Gently darting the tip of my tongue in and out. I bring my middle finger to my mouth and get it lubed from the lotion in my mouth. I gently insert my finger and probe gently at your ass hearing you moan. 

I hear a gentle knock on the door so I take this as my cue. I whisper in your ear that I am going to get my strap on and I want you on your hands and knees and I hand you a blindfold and tell you to put it over your eyes. You put it on and I walk over to the door and open it. 

Kari is standing there but she isn't alone. She brought a friend and he is a big black guy and he is drunk too. I tell them both to be quiet and they walk in the room. Kari sits on the couch and I grab the lotion and tell him to get on his knees behind you. 

I get his dick hard but it doesn't take long because he has fantasized about being with me for so long and seeing me there in nothing but a lacy bra gets his large dick hard immediately. I put the lotion on his massive dick and put my hand on your left hip. I tie his hands behind his back so he isn't tempted to grab you because you would recognize his bigger hands. 

I put the head of his dick against your ass and you softly moan. He pushes forward a little and I tell you to lean back into my cock. It is wanting your ass so bad. You comply and lean into his cock thinking it is mine. The head pops in with a little resistance and you both stay still letting your hole get used to the big cock sitting there. You moan a little more and lean back again. 

Taking this cue he pushes more of his cock into you. I get behind him and reach around so I can grab your hips and be able to pull you back at the same time of pushing him forward. He begins to fuck you a little faster and deeper. I whisper in his hear not to go to fast because I don't want him to cum soon. And he said being drunk he can last a while. You are beginning to moan hard and really getting into it telling me my cock feels good fucking your ass and you want it harder and deeper and faster.  

I ask you how would love to be able to lick my pussy while this monster dick continues to fuck your ass and you moan loud. So he stops. I walk around to stand right in front of you and take off your blindfold. You see me standing there yet you still feel the cock inside you. You look back and see this beautiful black guy with a monster cock buried deep in your ass. 

You are shocked but don't want it to stop. So I lay down in front of you and you begin to lick my pussy and he begins fucking your ass like there is no end. You look out of the corner of your eye and see Kari masturbating on the couch with my strap on and that turns you on even more. 

I am moaning loud as you eat my hot little pussy and your ass is getting fucked. He screams he is about to cum and he lets loose in your ass and as he cums your own cocks shoots cum all over the bed and you are shocked because your cock wasn't even being touched. 

You say you aren't done and you want more in your ass. So he gets on his back and I lay my back on his stomach and he slides his cock inside my hot wet pussy. So we are both laying there on our backs right in front of your face. There you have a wet pussy filled with a monster black cock. You just want so bad to lick it. You lean down and lick my pussy and lick on his cock while it slides in and out of my pussy. 

Kari gets behind you with my strap on and slides it deep in your ass. It goes in with ease and you moan loud saying it feels so good. She begins to furiously fuck your ass while my pussy is getting fucked and licked at the same time. 

I am close to cumming and I want to cum on this monster cock and then have you suck it off him and finish him off. I cum hard all over this black dick and he pulls out because he is close to cumming and you slide his dick in your mouth and begin to suck his cock and all my juices off it. 

He tenses up and he cums hard in your mouth and it hits the back of your throat. Meanwhile Kari is still fucking your ass and reaches down and strokes your cock. And you cum not long after. We all lay there in exhaustion and try to recover for another round.