 "Sorry, kid. Looks like you drew the short straw this time."

'Gio' Maggio glumly hoisted his weekend travel bag and placed it in the overhead storage next to a ragged guitar case. He sighed despondently as he stared at the questionable amount of space available in the last open seat next to the kid sitting at the back of the Greyhound Bus as it pulled out and headed west on Interstate 20 from the Fort Worth Bus Depot into the brilliant late afternoon sun of an early June Sunday.

This wasn't Gio's normal mood at all, but he was justifiably troubled.

He was headed home from a weekend trip to Denton where he had visited his only child, Juliana, and his precious 4-year-old grandson, Taylor.

His visit was a welfare check on the boy as much as it was a family visit. Juliana was proving to be just as wild at 21 as she had been when she lit out at 16, and still very defiant and stubborn. He was worried for Taylor now that Juliana could legally walk into any liquor store or bar. He wasn't at all confident she could handle that new right responsibly as the single parent of his only grandchild. She had, yet again, flatly refused to move back to Midland where he could help her raise Taylor.

Gio wedged his strong, well padded 6'3", 365 pound frame into the bench seat next to the unfortunate kid. Luckily, he appeared to be only around 5'7" with maybe a 28" waist and was the best candidate on the bus to sit next to, if he couldn't straddle 2 seats. In his deep voice, he half-whispered, "Hope I'm not squishin' ya too bad, kid."

The diminutive teenager meekly replied in his tenor range, "My shoulder's pinned a little tight against the side here." Gio could read the intimidation on his face. He had witnessed that look many times before.

He half-smiled to reassure the kid then raised his burly left arm and placed it over the kid's shoulder, gently pulling him in. It freed up about 8" of lateral space for him. The kids eyes brightened as a smile emerged on his face. Gio grinned back disarmingly, "That better for ya, son?"

His heart skipped a beat at being called 'son'. The kid happily chirped, "Yes, sir. Thank you!" He relaxed and snuggled in under Gio's arm. It felt like snuggling into a soft, warm pillow or maybe an overstuffed, life sized teddy bear. Gio's soft and gentle embrace provided a comfort and consolation that he desperately needed at the moment.

As the baby-faced kid melted and molded against him, Gio realized he hadn't 'cuddled' this close with anyone since well before his wife skipped out on him roughly 4 years ago. He sighed contentedly at the sense memory.

"So, how far ya headed, kid?"

"Midland, sir."

"Me too. We should hit Abilene in a couple of hours. Maybe the bus will be less crowded for the run to Midland and we can spread out."

"I really don't mind sitting like this, sir, if you don't. It feels really nice. It reminds me of my dad's hugs. I miss him a lot."

Gio felt extremely flattered and blushed slightly. "Ya don't need to call me 'Sir'. My name's Giorgio Maggio [in an Italian accent], but you can call me Gio."

"I'm Matt... Matthew Lawson. I'm very glad to meet ya, Gio." Matt's grinning smile was obviously sincere.

That grin was infectious. Gio's instinct was to shake his hand, but their tight positioning made him reconsider and he decided to give him an affectionate hug with his draped arm instead. He reached up with that arm and tousled Matt's hair, "You're a sweet kid, Matt. I'm glad this doesn't make ya feel uncomfortable."

Matt turned in slightly, sank deeper into their sideways embrace and brought his free hand up to the side of Gio's rounded belly and rubbed it in a small circle as he nuzzled his cheek against Gio's fully padded left pec. He released a deep sigh of relief. Gio could tell the boy really needed comforting for some reason.

Gio thought to himself how this close contact could easily feel awkward or inappropriate. But, it didn't, at all. He decided it felt... pleasantly cozy. He felt a contentment at their imposed intimacy that seemed to match Matt's. He reached across and held Matt's comparatively smaller hand. He moved their hands to the center crest of his belly as he closed his eyes, a smile tracing across his face. Matt responded with a gentle squeeze and nuzzle as he slid his captive hand behind the small of Gio's back, completing a full hug.

The hum of the tires on the highway lulled them both into a light slumber. They were both eventually roused to consciousness as the bus exited the highway heading for the bus terminal in Abilene.

Gio awoke first and noted Matt's hand had descended past the bottom of his belly and now caressed his inner thigh. He also registered his erection pressing hard against his jeans and into the underside of his rounded girth. He did need to pee pretty badly. That had to be the explanation for his extremely strong erection, he assured himself.

They disembarked and headed to the terminal's Diner to pass the scheduled 15 minute layover. Once inside, Gio immediately excused himself to the restroom. Matt needed to go as well and followed him in. Gio rushed to the first urinal. Matt positioned himself in front of the 3rd.

Gio had to pop his belt loose, unhook the fly of his jeans as well as unzip to wrestle out his still profoundly erect, 7.5" uncircumcised tool. He gave a sigh of exasperation, "Damn it." He reached down and gave the half sheathed head a good thump to make his erection go down so he could pee.

Matt glanced across at Gio's stiff predicament but quickly averted his gaze back to the tiled wall in front of him. His eyes were saucers. He had never been in the presence of another man's erect penis before.

The image of Gio's insistent member shaded by his rounded belly was seared into his brain. He found the combination strikingly and unexpectedly fascinating. Gio's manhood was longer and thicker than his own. His foreskin was completely intriguing. The part of the head that protruded was swollen tight and an angry red. Matt already knew how nice that belly felt to hug. But, it's perfect curve around and back up to his beltline, even with his pants undone, had its own peculiar appeal. He had to resist a strong urge to glance over again.

Conflicted, he furrowed his brow. Whenever he thought about it at all, he had always assumed he'd end up with a girl, eventually. He thought maybe it would happen in college. But, he couldn't deny his preoccupation with Gio's anatomy and stature. He wondered why it struck him so. He shook his head and stifled the thought as he had more pressing issues of survival at hand.

"Ahhhhhhhh," Gio sighed softly as his stream finally emerged to relieve his bladder. When they had both concluded their business, they washed their hands and went out to sit at the counter.

Their waitress came right over to take their orders as they sat. Matt didn't need to check his wallet. He knew he only had $18.00 left after buying his bus ticket and just ordered a glass of water. Gio ordered a decaf coffee and stared at Matt. "Tight on funds, I take it."

"Yeah, I still need to pay for a taxi to get to my grandmother's house from the bus station. I hope she's home when I get there. I tried to call her from Fort Worth, but it went to voicemail and said the box was full. I didn't have time to call her from Arlington, where I bought my ticket, because the bus was ready to leave. I was really expecting she'd come pick me up."

The waitress came around with Matt's water and to fill Gio's cup with decaf and drop off his bill. Gio nodded his thanks and looked back to Matt with concern, "You mean she doesn't even know you're comin'?"

Matt hung his head, "Everything happened so fast. I had to leave home. I just assumed she'd be there for me, but now I'm not sure. She might be traveling or something. If she's not there, I don't know what I'll do."

Gio scratched his full, curly dark brown beard while pondering his options, then offered, "Don't worry, Matt. I can give you a ride to check your grandma's place when we get to Midland. If she's not home, you can come stay with me until she comes back. I wouldn't want to see a nice kid like you end up on the streets over a missed connection."

Matt asked with surprise, "You'd really help me? But, we just met."

"I told you before I think you're a sweet kid, Matt. I feel I can trust you already. And besides, I've got plenty of space and I'd love the company... Why did you need to leave home so quick anyway?"

Matt's face darkened. "It was my step-dad, John. He was trying to force me to liquidate my College Savings account. My dad set it up for me through his will. John just wanted access to the funds. He had already burned through all the life insurance money that Dad left for Mom with one lousy scheme after another. When I told him I wouldn't do it..." He raised his t-shirt slightly and revealed a large, red bruise on his abdomen.

"After he punched me, I went straight to my room and started packing. All he let me take was a duffle bag of clothes and my beat up guitar. I made sure to collect the Savings account passbook. When he tried to take it from me, I glared at him with so much anger that he backed off. I think he could tell I'd actually fight him for it. He said he was going to sell all my other belongings... I think it hurt worse that Mom didn't even try to defend me... There's a lot of money in the Savings account, but I can only spend it on my education without paying a big penalty. I don't want to waste it like that. I've got to make it through until the fall semester and earn some money to live on. That's why I need to spend the summer with my grandmother."

Gio's ears turned beet red and he snorted his breath through his nose, "What a selfish, abusive prick. I hate that he hurt you and forced your hand like that, but I'm glad ya stood up to him. That money means your future. It was your dad's bequest. John certainly didn't deserve it or have any right to it. What he deserves is a domestic violence assault charge." 

Matt stared at his water sullenly, "Telling him 'no' was the hardest thing I ever had to do. I knew he would hit me. The bastard already had his fist ready. But, I couldn't do that to Dad." Matt struggled to collect himself, "Dad's final wish was for me to get to go to college. I just couldn't let him down like that."

Gio's anger at Matt's step-dad was quickly replaced by compassion and admiration for Matt.

The bus driver poked his head into the Diner and called his 'All Aboard'. They both downed the remainder of their drinks. Gio laid 3 singles on the bill. He draped his arm over Matt's shoulder on the loading platform as they headed back to the bus. They retook their seats on the back row and snuggled in, holding hands again.

Gio resumed their conversation from the Diner, "Ya showed a lot of character by standing up to your step-dad like that. Loyalty, conviction and courage are rare and admirable traits. They'll serve you well. Just be smart about where ya commit that loyalty and you'll go far. Always make sure you're loyal to your own ideals first."

Matt hugged him and sniffled, "You remind me so much of my dad. He always made sure I learned a lesson from everything I did or that happened to me. I've felt so lost without him."

Gio stroked Matt's hair, "He obviously gave you a great foundation. I'm sure you'll do fine." He kissed Matt lightly on the top of the head, feeling very paternalistic. "Let's get some rest. We still have chores left to do when we get back to Midland."

Matt nuzzled into their hug, returning his right hand behind Gio's back. He closed his eyes with a sigh of relief and a happy smile.

Gio interlaced his thick fingers with Matt's slender digits and laid his head back with his eyes closed, smiling happily as well, ready to drift off again.

He suddenly felt a familiar but long absent chemical rush coming on. He recognized it as sexual attraction, arousal and lust. His eyes flew open wide as he felt his groin twitch and his manhood pulse. How could he be having such a reaction to this courageous but tenderhearted teenage boy hugging him?

His logical mind raced to find answers. It wasn't that he was particularly lonely. He was close friends with both his managers at the deli and their families. He had his daughter and grandson in his life, if only tenuously. He didn't miss his ex-wife at all. She hadn't been 'present' in their marriage for years before she took off. He was content with his successful business. He supposed that intimacy and sex were the only things lacking in his life, but with this boy recently graduated from high school? Was that what was missing from his life?

As he gazed down at the vulnerable boy under his arm, he had to admit he already had deep and undeniable feelings for him. His primal attraction to him was just as undeniable, even if unrealized just minutes prior. 

He pondered how long this sort of attraction might have been a possibility without him ever realising it. He had never entertained a single same-sex fantasy before. The only relevant indicator was his seemingly lacklustre previous heterosexual sex life. Gloria, his ex, had seemed to merely endure their couplings. She had started to refuse him about 3 years before departing unceremoniously. He had not thought it a great loss, on either count.

He switched his thoughts over to Matt. Was he misreading him? He was showing lots of affection, but what if the boy wasn't even gay? And if he was, would he really be interested in a 40 year old guy Gio's size? 

He decided he was overthinking it and that the adult thing to do would be to support Matt in getting into college and let him make the first move, if it was even going to happen, and not initiate anything sexual himself. He suppressed his carnal urges and finally drifted off half way through the last leg of the trip.

They were awakened again as the bus exited to approach the downtown Midland terminal.

Gio didn't want to break their connection. Matt looked up into Gio's soft, smiling carmel brown eyes. The look in those eyes caused Matt to beam a happy grin. Their mutual gaze spoke volumes in both directions, but in a language each were just learning.

As the bus parked in the terminal, Gio gave Matt a gentle squeeze and tousled his hair again, "Let's wait for the aisle to clear a little." 

When about half the passengers had cleared out, they finally broke their intimate bond, stood and collected their belongings and filed down the aisle. As they stepped off the bus last, Gio nodded to the east parking lot. "My truck's this way."

They loaded their things into the back of Gio's F250 under the security lid then headed out of downtown as Matt navigated to his grandmother's place.

As they pulled up to the curb, Matt's heart sank. There was a realtor's 'For Sale' sign in the yard. Newspapers were piled at her door. The grass he had mowed so many times for her in the past was approaching a foot tall.

"Oh no!" Matt unbuckled, popped the truck door, scrambled down and ran to the front door and knocked. He looked through the curtainless living room window. To his disbelief, the house was cleared out, completely bare.

As he peered through the window, his mind flashed back to the first Christmas he could remember, filling in the bare scene before him; the tree alight and festooned with shiny ornaments and garland, the large assortment of gifts to disperse on Christmas Day, the anxious night waiting for Santa Claus... The plummet back to reality rocked his stomach.

Matt staggered back to the truck in a stupor. Gio had just finished snapping a photo of the phone number on the 'For Sale' sign.

"The house is empty. She's gone." Matt looked at the ground, hugged himself and gritted his teeth, determined not to cry.

Gio put his phone away and gathered Matt to his chest, "It'll be ok, Matt. We'll get some answers tomorrow. Let me take you home now."

Matt sniffled slightly, still looking down, "Home... I don't think I know what that means anymore."

Gio lifted Matt's chin with a thick finger to look him in his beautiful, hazel green eyes, "Your home is with me now, Matt. I want to take care of you and help you get into college so you can become the man your dad hoped you'd be. That's what I want for you too. You're a good kid who's been dealt a lousy hand. I'm determined to help make things right again."

Matt's lower lip trembled, "Oh, Gio. I don't know what to say or how to thank you. I swear I'll find work and pay you back."

Gio kissed him on the forehead and drew him into their hug, "Don't worry about that now. Let's go home and get you settled in."

They loaded back into the truck and headed back towards downtown to Gio's apartment above his deli. Gio offered his meaty hand and Matt gratefully held it while they drove.

He parked in back and they gathered their things and climbed the stairs to his outer door. Gio ushered Matt inside. "Just set your stuff down in the living room. We can decide where to set you up tomorrow. Ya hungry?"

"Definitely. I haven't eaten since lunch. Thanks!"

"I've got deli meats and cheeses, hoagie rolls with all the fixins as well as sodas in the fridge."

They assembled and ate their sandwiches at the breakfast bar. Gio smiled with contentment as he watched Matt devour his late dinner with gusto. When they had finished and cleaned up the kitchen, Gio gave Matt a quick tour of the spacious 4-bedroom apartment. "So, where would you like to sleep, Matt." Three of the rooms had beds while the 4th was a home office/home gym.

Matt hesitated, "Would... would it be ok if I slept with you, at least for tonight? It'd make me feel better being close to you, like it did on the bus. The idea of being alone right now kinda scares me. I don't think I'd sleep very well."

Gio's heart swelled, "Of course it's ok. I've got a new toothbrush you can use. Let's get ready for bed." He took Matt by the hand with a gentle smile and led him to the oversized bathroom. It had dual sinks and a glassed in double shower. Gio retrieved the new toothbrush from the cabinet and they shared his toothpaste, floss and mouthwash. They took separate turns at the toilet and reconvened in the master bedroom with its King-sized bed.

"The clothes hamper is over here. Let me pull out a couple more pillows."

Matt only hesitated a moment before stripping down to his briefs and placing his clothes in the hamper.

Holding the pillows, Gio looked at the bruise on Matt's concave stomach. "Does that still hurt? Can I get you some Advil?"

Matt touched the deep red, fist shaped mark. "It's still a little tender if I touch it, but it doesn't throb like before. I think I'm ok."

Gio tossed the pillows in place and turned back the bed sheet for Matt. With a wide smile and a wave of his hand, he instructed, "Crawl in and pick your side."

Gio then stripped down to his boxers. He faced away as he dropped his jeans last and quickly concealed his burgeoning erection with the light cover as he spun around into bed.

They faced one another from a foot away and gazed into each other's eyes once more.

Matt confided, "You're the warmest, kindest and most understanding person I've ever met, Gio. You're just as nice to me as my dad was. I'm so glad we met on the bus. I'd be sitting on Granny's porch with no money and nowhere to go if it weren't for you. Thank you for saving me."

Gio blinked back tears and pulled Matt to his chest, stroking his hair. "You are a dear, sweet boy and I'm grateful for any chance to help."

Matt shuffled to move in close to Gio as he hugged him back hard. It was their first skin to skin hug. Well, skin to fur. He breathed deeply through his nose at Gio's furry chest. He detected a slight musk mixed with...Old Spice? The aroma was intoxicating. He felt a sort of crackling at the back of his brain and a peculiar wave shudder through his body. His pulse quickened and his breathing became a shallow pant. His 6", fairly thick endowment rose in a near instantaneous salute and poked through his briefs into Gio's belly.
