 The first thing I did as I stepped out of the subway station was to squint at the winter sunlight. Readjusting my eyes to the brightness didn't help regain my sense of direction. I wanted to go south. I started walking north. 

Even though I visit this big city regularly, it's just too massive for me to avoid stumbling around a bit, especially having just flown in the night before. But soon I began to fall into the rhythm of things: the gorgeous, smartly dressed people walking briskly with briefcases and occasionally small dogs, the disgruntled taxi cabs ambling in a hazy traffic, fast food vendors behind steaming food carts. I stopped in front of a designer-label clothing store. It looked expensive despite the red sale tags hanging in the window. Not my usual type of place to buy clothes, but I stepped inside.

"Just to let you know, we're having a sale today," said a voice behind me as I looked at some pants. I turned around, and couldn't stop staring at him as he continued talking. "My name's Mitch, and if you need any help just let me know." I couldn't help but give him a broader smile than I usually would at someone trying to make a commission. His smile lingered and finally he turned away and I turned back to the pants, taking a big, silent breath. 

Wandering through the rest of the store, I could hardly pay much attention to looking at clothes. I kept peaking at Mitch whenever it was possible. He was a little shorter than my 6 foot 4 inch frame, but he was weak-in-the-knees gorgeous. Soft, brown hair, a slim beard on his chin and spreading slightly along his jawline. His looks did not resemble anything coming out of a movie screen or magazine, but he was hot in a natural, original, down-to-earth way. I ran out of things to look at and made my way, reluctantly, towards to exit. He was standing behind the cash registers in the middle of the store talking on the phone, and as I walked by he smiled at me. 

A rack of shirts by the door caught my attention and I started flipping through them. Mitch was immediately by my side. "Aren't these handsome? Try them on." It was almost a command. Without another word, he gathered the shirts I had selected, and motioned for me to follow him to the back of the store. There were only three dressing cubicles, two were behind a partition, and one was in full view of the rest of the store. Mitch showed me into the innermost cubicle, fully hidden by the partition, and left me inside, almost drawing close the heavy, velvet curtain. He left a slight opening in the curtain, and as I changed I could feel him watching me. It was definitely not an unpleasant experience for me. I said nothing, self-conscious as I was about my body, and obediently tried on whatever he brought me. 

Mitch kept up an ever-steady flow of pants and shirts. When he wasn't away finding new stuff for me to try he stood on the other side of the curtain, watching. Eventually he decided I was going to need his help if everything was going to fit properly, and came into the cubicle with a pair of very slender looking pants. "With these pants," he looked straight into my eyes, "you have to free-ball it." I was a little shocked, but nodded as if I'll keep his suggestion in mind. The more stuff I tried on, the bolder and more hands-on Mitch became. Each time he left me to go to the front of the store, his fingers brushed down lightly over my arms, once even grabbing hold of one of my pinkies, gently twisting and caressing it. 

Shivers of ecstasy went through me when he held my pinkie in such an intimate way. But I wondered if he was flattering me on purpose for the sake of a commission. Life isn't easy in a big city like this and I don't blame people for doing what they can to survive. However, this thought barely had time to linger before I became preoccupied with more surprises from Mitch. As he continued to help me with the fitting his hands brushed past parts of my lower body, first my buttocks, then the front of my crotch. One of his hands got inside and below the pants' waistline and the fingers stroked ever so gently across the top of my pubic hair. 

My head was swimming and I could barely keep track of the time going by. Other than not resisting, I did nothing else to respond to his advances, waiting to see what he was really up to. Shopping in such a high-end store and being hit on by a total stranger were both new experiences for me. I tried to figure out if the two were connected, if selling designer clothing all day made you hornier than usual. 

Mitch was pretty aroused at this point. I felt it instantly when he came close to me to straighten out a fold in the fabric and pressed himself against me. His erection stayed pressed against my body for what seemed like a lifetime, warm and enticing. I could feel myself getting hard as well, but not before Mitch produced the final pair of pants for me to try on and commanded: "loose the briefs." I obeyed, and Mitch went back behind the curtain while I tugged down my slightly embarrassing, over-sized pair of white briefs. I knew his eyes were on me as I did so. 

Just as I finished pulling up the tight pants over my completely bare butt, Mitch was paged to the front of the store. "Be right back. Don't move!" He gave me an urgent look and walked away. Immediately I took off the pants and grabbed for my own clothes. I was already dressed in every piece of clothing I walked in with when Mitch came hurrying back. He saw me, and blurted out a very disappointed "Damn!" 

"Aha!" I gloated. The gig was up. He smiled sheepishly and said, "I guess you...kinda figured it out, huh?" At the register ringing up my purchases, he made a comment about the size of the shirt I bought being maybe a little too big on me. "It's not so big," I said. He replied, "not from what I've seen," giving me a knowing look, and I realized he wasn't talking about the shirt anymore.

Now that we were free to flirt, Mitch asked me out to lunch. He took me across the street to a small restaurant, a narrow place with room enough only for small tables lined up again both walls. When we entered, instead of sitting down at one of those tables, he led me directly towards the back of the restaurant, into the unisex bathroom. As soon as he locked the door he kneeled down in front of me and unzipped my pants. Caught by surprise, I quickly held onto the sink and a wall to keep my balance against his anxious mouth. He kissed the tip of my now hard cock and held its base with one hand, caressing slightly downwards. With his other hand he took out his own cock and began stroking himself. 

His lips now covered the head of my cock and his tongue worked in fast circles. My breathing became heavy and I noticed the mirror in the small bathroom already fogging up. But just as we started to get into our rhythm, there was a knock at the door. The knocking continued. Hastily we zipped up and hurried out towards the restaurant exit, leaving the bathroom to what I imagine is someone very startled and confused. 

We were not outside for long before we found another small neighborhood eatery to duck into. Once inside we made a beeline for the bathroom. With the door locked, we assumed our previous positions. Mitch's jaws were practically devouring me as I felt his lips move further and further down my shaft with each stroke of his lips. Meanwhile his other hand was just as busy stroking his cock. His tongue danced deliciously each time as he took me in and drew back a little. 

Finally I felt the head hit the very back of his throat. As it did he came. It was like a dam had broke. I had never seen someone shoot such a massive load. The lines of tile that had previously formed the bathroom floor were now invisible, all covered as they were by Mitch's cum. The sight of it made me really hot, and I shot my load while still in the possession of Mitch's mouth. He caught most of it, and the rest ended up on his shirt. 

We cleaned up the best we could. I felt mildly sorry for the next person to have to use that bathroom, but mostly I was still trembling from the whole experience. Finally we did go to lunch, this time to actually eat and talk. We both had a good laugh over Mitch's attempts to get me to try on practically all the merchandise in the store. "I was probably in there for a half an hour," I said. Mitch paused with the water glass held to his lips. He put down the glass, looked at me incredulously, and said laughing, "You were in there for more than two hours!"

- fin -