 I am a bit past 65 but still very active sexually. I have been seeing a 45-year-old girl for a while now and recently had an opportunity to play with a 22-year-old college student. But, this is not what I want to tell you about.

I was on a bus tour to Niagara Falls last week with 16 others ranging from eleven years old to my age. The eleven-year-old was a granddaughter of one of the tourists. I sat in the last row of the bus beside a guy named Roger who was 37 years old and recuperating from an industrial accident and was on workers' compensation. 

No one was across from us because that seat and the long bench-style seat behind us were loaded with parcels. Roger was a tall guy, good-looking, really funny, and an extremely good conversationalist. There was nothing at all in his mannerism that told me he was either gay, bi, or exploratory. As a matter of fact, he often pointed out several hot chicks and talked about how he would like to go down on them or play with them or fuck them. I agreed with the going down part because I just love oral sex. All he said was, "Hm-m-m-m"

Somewhere around the Oshawa, Ontario area, he started a conversation about sex--sex of all kinds--and I liked it because I love to talk about it, too. His conversation was filled with all kinds of jokes as well, and we were having a good time. He told me about when he was in college and wanted to go home for Thanksgiving but didn't have enough money to go by bus, train or plane. He said that he was in the Student Centre at university and was kind of moaning about having to stay there for the holiday because he was broke. Then he told me this story:

A class friend of his told him that he would give him the money to go home if he would blow him. He said he thought about it for a while then said 

"OK, I'll suck you off. When? Where?" 

His friend said, 

"Right now in the john." 

He said, "OK, but it is going to cost you $100--$80 for train fare and the rest for meals and you have to pay in cash up front." 

His buddy said "Let's go."

He said they went into a stall in the bathroom and he sucked the guy off. Then he turned to me and said, 

"Have you ever had sex with a man?" 

I didn't know how to answer this because I thought it might be shameful. So, what the heck. 

I said "Yes, but it was a long time ago, and believe it or not, I miss it a bit and think about the right place, person, and time. Do you suck often?"

He said, "I love to suck cock. I love the feel of it sliding in and out of my mouth. I love the feel of it in my hand. I love the feel of a guy's ass when I hold it and bring his cock deeper into my mouth. And, I love to have him cum on me--on my face or on my body or in my mouth. I think I'm a pretty good cocksucker. How about you?"

"I haven't blown a guy since I was on a fishing trip with my buddy, Elwood, when I just turned 20 and we were pretty drunk one night in our tent. He got up from sitting cross-legged on his sleeping bag and said, 

'I've gotta have a piss.' then he went outside and pissed in the bushes. When he came back in, his cock was still sticking out of his shorts and he walked toward me. 

'Want to watch me jack off, Les?' he asked, but he didn't wait for an answer. He just stroked his cock about three feet away from me.

"Take your cock out and stroke it for me, Les. Let's cum together." he said. 

I stood up, unbuckled my pants, pulled them and my underwear down and matched him stroke for stroke. It was sooo erotic for me. He moved toward me until our cocks were touching, then he took both of them in his hand and stroked us both at the same time. Man, it felt good.!

With the fantastic feeling I was getting from jerking off with a buddy, I didn't expect the next thing to happen. He pulled us even closer together and put his hand around my back and held onto my ass. 

"Want me to finger-fuck your ass, Leslie? Want to know what it feels like to have something up your ass?" 

I just nodded consent and I felt his finger entering me. I spread my legs wider to give him more access. 

"Like it, don't you, Les? Your cock is growing harder, and so is mine. Want to suck me off? It's just the two of who will ever know about this" 

I was beyond the point of no return and I just dropped to my knees and took his cock in my hand and steered it toward my face. I licked the tip of it, then ran it all over my face. 

"Open your mouth and take my cock, Les. Suck my cock gently and finger-fuck my ass."

I did as I was told and buried my face into his cock until his pubic hair was teasing my face. I took his hands and brought them to my head so he would have better control. 

"That's great cock-sucking, Les. You haven't lost your touch. Suck my cock you fucking fag. Suck it until it hits your throat. Oh fuck, you sure know how to suck. Let me fuck your mouth." 

and he started a fucking motion by rhythmically shoving his cock in my mouth, pulling my head back, then driving his cock in again. His trash talk was making me even hornier and I wanted his cock more that I could ever imagine.

"I'm going to cum, Leslie. Here it is." 

Then he pulled back and let his cum fly into my face and mouth. 

"Lick my cock clean, you little cocksucker. Take all of my cum. Clean my cock, suck me dry. Lick all my cum off my dick."

I really didn't lick him clean because I was in a hurry for him to reciprocate.

"It's your turn, El. Suck me off. Suck my balls, my cock and my ass. It's your turn to be a cocksucking fag. Get down on your knees and blow me. Be my cocksucking whore. Let me fuck your face."

Eldridge blew me and played with me just I did with him, only he sucked my cum clean out of my cock and swallowed it. That night, we used only one sleeping bag and ended up with some mutual sucking.

On the bus, Roger's conversation was making me hard; and without thinking a thing about it, I let my hand drop to my cock and I squeezed it.

"Ooooh, you liked that, huh?" he asked. "Let me stroke you. Cover up with the magazine from the pocked it front of you and I'll jerk you off."

I did as he suggested then said, 

"Talk to me more about your cock-sucking experiences. Tell me how you like it."

He stroked my cock through my pants, then slipped the zipper down and reached in for my cock as he told me about how he likes to have the end of his cock licked, how he likes his balls sucked, and how he likes to have a finger up his ass as he's being sucked just like I did with Eldridge.

"Who are you rooming with tonight, Leslie?" he asked.

"No one. I like to stay alone--until now, that is. Why? What do you have in mind?" I asked him.

"Well, it's obvious that we have something in common. I love cock-sucking and you want to get back into the business. What do you think about me cancelling my room and we can stay together in yours, or vice versa." Roger suggested.

"That's fine with me, Roger," I said just as long as this is only between the two of us. Maybe you could teach me a few things so I can update my skills" I said laughing.

"No problem because we don't know each other or each other's friends. Besides, I can't wait to 69 with you and enjoy the dual cock-sucking experiences. Want me to keep stroking you?"

"No, because I'm going to cum, and it will leave a mess in the front of my pants. Here, take the magazine and put it in your lap. I want to feel your cock."

As he did as I suggested, I nonchalantly zipped myself back together again. Although awkward for me, I reached my left hand across to his crotch and grasped his cock. Whoa! It was pretty big. 

"I think I'm going to like this, Roger. Take your cock out for me." 

He moved my hand away and took his cock out and placed my hand back on it. He leaned his head back to enjoy the moment.

"Like my dick, Leslie?" he asked in a whisper. 

"Want to stroke it off for me? Do you think you'd like to suck me, or would you rather have me fuck you? I wish you could put your head down now and suck me off. I'm getting really horny and want to cum. Make me cum, Leslie. Stroke me until I tell you I'm about to let it burst out, then I'll stop and capture it in my handerchief. Close your eyes and pretend you have my cock in your mouth instead of your hand. Fuck, I want you so bad!"

I jerked him off, and he came in my hand only because I wouldn't let go of his cock. My hand was filled with cum that I probably would have rubbed all over my body had we been in a room somewhere. He took out his hankie and cleaned the cum off his cock and I cleaned it off my hand.

"I think we're going to have a good night." I said to him.

"A fucking good night—maybe even a fucking and sucking good night." He replied.

We got to the hotel and he registered the two of us in his room and I cancelled mine. We got to our room and immediately hugged each other and groped each other's ass as soon as we got in our room. I reached down and held his cock and ground my body into his. 

"Roger, I want to suck you off so bad that I can't wait, but let's shower before we hit the bed."

"Yeah, I hope you'd suggest that. I feel like I have been jerked on by five guys."

We got undressed and hit the shower. He stood under the water and I stood facing him. We lathered up and watched each other getting hard and cleaning every inch of our bodies. Then, he dropped to his knees and continued lathering me as the water poured over both of us. He got my cock so hard by lathering it, then moved aside to let the water rinse me off before taking my cock in his mouth. I fucked his mouth back and forth, but it wasn't a problem taking all of my cock in. After all, I wasn't that big.

"That's it, Roger. Suck me. Oooh, you're such a terrific cocksucker." I encouraged him.

"Turn around, Leslie." he said and I did. 

I felt his hand go between my legs to grasp my cock, so I spread my legs to give him better access. With one hand, he stroked my cock, and with the other he played with my ass. Then, all of a sudden, I felt his mouth on my ass. Not on the ass-cheeks, but right on my anus button. I didn't know what to think of this because I always thought it was repulsive. But, with Roger, it felt good. He alternated between a finger and his mouth and it was enough to make me want to cum right away, but I just wasn't ready to release this feeling. After four or five minutes of this, he stopped sucking my ass, but kept on fingering it.

"Want me to fuck your ass, Leslie?" he asked.

"I don't know, Roger. I've never had anyone fuck me before. It's not even something I've thought of. I think with a cock of your size, it will hurt. Let me suck you off first, then we'll see what happens later tonight. Turn around."

Roger turned to face me, and I was staring at the biggest cock I had ever seen in person. I put my hand around it and still had quite a bit to put in my mouth. I took as much as I could without gagging, then put a bit more in little by little. I was moaning with delight when he asked me, 

"Like sucking a big cock, Leslie? Doesn't it feel good to have your mouth full? Let me fuck your mouth to see if you can take it all. You're a good cocksucker, Les."

I sucked him with a great deal of fervor, and I know I was taking in more than I ever expected to be able to do. He rocked my head back and forth, and at one point forced my face deep into his crotch and I had to push him off because I thought I was going to puke. He was wiping my face with his cock and telling me he was going to cock-tease me until I begged for more—which I did. Finally, without warning, he turned his back to me and spread his legs.

"Finger-fuck my ass, Leslie. Give me what I gave you."

I lathered my fingers with more soap, then went directly for his ass-hole and put in finger in and fucked him back and forth. I reached under him and held onto his cock as we rocked in a fucking motion. 

"That feels so fucking good, Leslie. Put another finger in my ass. Fuck me, Baby. Fuck me." 

He pushed his hips back toward me so that it was right in my face and I couldn't help getting a taste of him. I pulled my fingers out, tasted them, put them back in again and finally succumbed to the passion and drove my mouth right into his ass and licked him and tongued him with reckless abandon. I never, ever thought I would do something like this, but the lust took over and I sucked him while I jerked his cock.

"I'm going to cum, Leslie," he said. 

I spun him around so that he was facing me and stroked his cock even harder. 

"Give it to me, Roger." 

And he let go with a stream of cum that I just couldn't believe. It hit my face with a bit of force, then I aimed it right at my mouth. 

"Fill my mouth with your cum, Roger. Give it to me." 

He let his load go in my mouth; and for the first time in my life, I swallowed a guy's cum and wanted more.

"Leslie, for a man your age, you have given the best blowjob I've ever experienced. I can't believe you haven't done this lately. You're a master at this."

I accepted his compliment and suggested we dry off and go to the bed. We just laid on our backs to regain some energy and strength, but we held onto each other's cocks as we did.

"Les, do you want to fuck me?" he asked. "Or do you want me to fuck you right now?"

"I told you I had never done this before, so I think I'd rather just rest for a while because it may take a bit for me to get it up again. Maybe when the time comes, you can teach me how to fuck your ass. In the meantime, let's just lie here for a while. Can I stroke your cock while we do?"

"Sure you can. I'll see if I can jerk you up again, then you can fuck my ass." He said.

"No, I don't want you to masturbate me. Just lie back and let me do whatever I want."

He laid back with his hands behind his head while I moved down a bit and rested my head on his stomach while I stroked him. I could see the precum coming from his cock, so I took my index fingers and squeezed it out and tasted it. I loved it. I stroked him more and more and he grew harder and harder. The picture of his cock growing so hard was absolutely fantastic, and I couldn't help moving my face closer and closer to it until I couldn't resist it any more and I took it in my mouth. This time I was able to take about three-quarters of it before I gagged. As my head bobbed up and down on his cock, I held his balls and played with the space between then and his ass. Occasionally, I moved my hand sideways so that I could slide it up and down has ass-crack.

With one finger in his ass, I pushed my face deep into his crotch until my nose was touching his hairs, and I knew right then that I had done my first deep-throat blowjob. I kept fucking his ass with my finger and sucking with a great deal of vigor until he said, 

"I'm going to cum again, Les. Are your ready?"

I just mumbled uh-huh and I felt his cum filling my throat. 

"Fuck, that was fantastic, Roger. Thanks for letting me do it. Maybe I do want to fuck with you, but not tonight. Is that okay with you?" I asked.

"Sure. We still have tomorrow night if you're interested." he said.

"Interested? Who wouldn't be interested in your beautiful cock and ass."

Well, readers, I've kept you going long enough. Well, let me tell you that I learned more about sucking and rimming in just one night than I did in my whole life. I learned how to fuck a guy's ass, but the size of his cock scared me and I wouldn't let him fuck me, although I did give in to some pretty perverted stuff with him. We exchanged private e-mail addresses so we could entertain each other whenever we felt like it. As a matter of fact, we are getting together for "a meeting" in the middle of July. Can't wait.