 Take it from me, if a girl tells you that she wants a shy guy, they're probably lying to you. My friends sometimes say that they have no idea how I'm single, but I think the answer is nothing more complicated than "I'm too timid." 

My friends and family are used to it, but people who are meeting me for the first time seem genuinely shocked at how reserved and soft-spoken I am. I'm sure that it's not what they expect, considering what I look like. 

I'm 6'6" and well-built from my years of playing football. I've got the standard white-football-player face, sharp eyes and angular features. I look intimidating, and I'm plenty aggressive out on the field, but when I'm anywhere else I don't really come out of my shell. I'm sure the whole "gentle giant" type is a cute fantasy a lot of girls have, but in practice it doesn't work to my advantage. Girls seem inclined to want a guy with more confidence, somebody more assertive than me. All the girls I had managed to snag have let me down gently because I was too boring. I'm not proud of how many times a girl has told me something that started with "You're nice, but..." 

It was like God or the universe or whoever was playing a prank on me. I was a strong, athletic man in the prime of his life. So many girls had crushes on me. Then they started talking with me and their interest would fade. I couldn't say I blamed them, either. I felt like I was false-advertising. 

I didn't want to give up, though, so I tried my best to put myself out there. It was a Friday night in September and I was padding around a mixer my college was having for the new freshmen. I was looking for some girls to meet up with. I needed to take the proactive role. 

After a few minutes I saw a girl that made me stop dead in my tracks. I just saw the back of her, but it was the most gorgeous back half of a girl I'd ever seen. She was tall for a chick, around 5'10". She had short dirty-blonde hair, sleek shoulders, and the most amazing ass I had ever witnessed. It was full and round and filled her jeans in a way I didn't even know was possible. I swear I'm not the kind of guy that ogles girls. I don't want to be that kind of person, but I couldn't look away. She was beautiful. 

I was looking at that perfect ass when my eyes scanned upwards and I almost jumped three feet in the air. Two things became apparent in an instant: 1) She knew I was checking her out. 2) She was a guy. A feminine looking guy, sure, but a guy nonetheless. 

I felt my face heat up in embarrassment. I hoped in the dim light he couldn't see me blushing. I looked down and almost ran off. 

The party was at a frat house, and I sat down on one of the couches, wishing I could just disappear. Naturally, the guy whose ass I had stared another hole into approached me. My face burned again. I couldn't look him in the eye, but I had to say something. 

"Sorry about that, man. I thought you were a girl." 

Instantly I wanted to take that second part back. He didn't want to hear that. He probably hated me even more now. 

However, to my surprise, he put a finger under my chin and lifted my head, forcing me to look him in the face. He didn't look mad. 

"Don't worry about it, big guy. You saw something you liked. There's nothing wrong with that." That calmed me down a little, but his tone and the way he phrased that made me uneasy in a way I couldn't really pin down. 

He held out his hand to me. 

"Bryan Gardener, freshman." Like his body, his voice was a little feminine. I liked the way it sounded, though. It sounded sweet and he had a southern accent. 

I shook his hand and tried a normal smile. "Jack Sinclair, junior." 

He sat down on the couch next to me like we were friends. 

"I'm not offended at all. I'm flattered, if anything." 

He had this cocky grin I didn't like, but for some reason didn't want to stop looking at. This was an area with better lighting, so I could get a clearer look at his face. He was cute. He had hazel, almost golden eyes, fair skin, and soft, full lips— 

Whoa, Jack. Calm down. He's a guy. You're not into guys, remember? I looked away. 

He gently put his hand on my thigh. "It's okay, Jack. Look all you want. I know I'm cute." He gently brushed his hair out of his eyes and tucked it behind his ear. He flashed me that grin again and winked. I felt more blood go to my cheeks. What the hell was happening to me? 

"You're a shy one, aren't you? That's adorable." 

Now I was gaping at him. Half of my brain started to get annoyed. Who did this kid think he was, speaking to me like that? I was twice his size and he was talking down to me. He wasn't respecting my personal space, either. His hand was still on my leg and he was right up against my body. The other half of my brain was...actually, I had no idea what the other half of my brain was doing. 

He started gently tapping my thigh with his fingers. 

"All the guys I've been with say I have a great ass. If it could be mistaken for one of the fairer sex, that's a blessing as far as I'm concerned." 

Shit. He was gay, too. I was staring like a pervert at a gay guy. I wanted to crawl into a corner. 

"Bryan, please don't get the wrong idea." 

"I already said to not worry about it, hon." 

Hon? Okay, now he was just begging to get his ass kicked. Why wasn't I more pissed off? I just got more frazzled. 

"Bryan, I'm not gay," I said weakly. 

"I never said you were." Now he was stroking my thigh. I had to bite my tongue to stop myself from sighing in pleasure. What the fuck was going on? I had never looked twice at a guy before. I had only ever wanted to be with girls. But this boy was turning me into a mess. 

Then all of a sudden, I could feel his breath against my ear. 

"You don't have to be gay to appreciate my body, darlin'," he whispered. "I know you want to fuck me." 

There was no possible doubt anymore. This little shit was trying to seduce me. 

He got up and stretched, giving me a great view of his perfect butt. He then sat down right on my lap. I let out a little hiss. My dick started to get hard without my permission. He scooted a little in place like he was adjusting himself, making my member thicken even more. 

As my arousal grew, so did my anger. He caught me checking him out and jumped straight to assuming I wanted to bang him? That I was immediately wrapped around his little finger? Okay, he might have been right, but the fact that he was being so cocky and arrogant was infuriating. 

Politely turning him down wasn't working. I tried reminding him of the situation. I did my best to speak in a low, menacing growl. 

"Get off me, you little faggot, before I kill you." 

I would normally never say that, but I was willing to let him think I was a homophobe if he would leave me alone. I was completely hard now. I had to do something quick. We were approaching a point where if we kept going, I wouldn't be able to stop. 

The brat laughed at me. Actually laughed at me. "Jack, hon, we both know you don't mean that. You want this little faggot in your bed, and I'm in the mood to get fucked. Let's stop beating around the bush and help each other out." 

He reached out a hand and stroked my chest. When his hand brushed a nipple I couldn't hold in a moan. 

Desperately I looked around. Everybody was ignoring us. How was nobody seeing this? Then again, I guess anybody who did see us assumed we were a couple. It's not like a big strong guy like me would just sit back and let a gay boy do this to him. I suspected that Bryan knew this, too. He knew how shy I was and saw it as a weakness he could exploit. I started to fantasize about wringing his little neck. 

My murderous thoughts were interrupted when Bryan gave me a light kiss on my jawline. I nearly came just from that one little peck. I took deep breaths, trying to calm myself down. When I could focus again, I saw the son of a bitch on my lap grinning, loving how much control he had over me. My resistance was starting to crumble despite my best efforts. 

"Why are you doing this to me?" I was almost whimpering now. 

He stroked my chin. "I'm not doing anything you don't want, honey." 

"Fuck you." 

He smiled. "Yes, please." 

I was a 21-year-old college football player and he was a much smaller freshman kid. I was taller, older, bigger, and stronger than him. None of that mattered. He was making me putty in his hands. This kid was dangerous. 

He got close to my ear again, having so much fun making me squirm. He started to whisper. 

"I'll take care of you, big guy. You'll get the best head of your life. My pussy is tighter than any girl's pussy could ever hope to be. You saw what my ass did to you just from looking at it. Imagine what being inside of it would feel like." 

I swallowed. My dick got even harder. I didn't even think that was possible. 

"I'll let you have your way with me tonight. I'm yours to do with as you please. You can be rough, I can take it. I'm no rookie, after all." 

He lightly nibbled on the shell of my ear before he went in for the kill. 

"Just tell me that you want me, Jack. Be honest. You want to fuck me senseless. Just admit that you want my body and I'll give you the best night of your life." 

I snapped. I couldn't take it anymore. Some barrier within me shattered, so much so I don't think I could ever put it back up again. 

I grabbed his head and jerked it forward, so I was the one whispering into his ear. 

"I want to fuck the ever-loving shit out of you," I husked. I kept a death grip on his head. I didn't care if I was hurting him a little bit. I continued, growling like a wild animal. 

"I want to shove my cock down your throat just to shut you the fuck up. I want to pound into that stupid, perfect ass of yours until you can't fucking walk." 

He shuddered a bit. 

"I want to fuck you into the mattress until that gorgeous, annoying, cocky face of yours is twisted in agony, begging for more. I want to make you come so hard you feel like your dick is going to fall off. I want to make you scream. I want to show you how much I hate you, you little twat." 

I panted when I was done. I had never said things like that before, but something about Bryan made all my inhibitions go away. He turned his head to me and smiled, knowing he had won. 

"Well, how could I say no to that? Just don't make any promises you don't intend to keep." He winked at me. 

I shoved him off of me and grabbed his wrist. I marched out of the frat house and to my dorm. It was a five-minute walk and I didn't say a word. 

I unlocked my front door and saw my roommate Kyle. He looked up from his laptop. He always told me ahead of time when he was planning to bring a girl to our dorm so I could clear out. We did have separate rooms, but they were separated by a wall that blocked sound about as well as if there wasn't a wall. 

I was in heat. I wasn't going to stop for anything. 

"Kyle, you probably want to leave for a few hours. This might get loud." 

He looked at Bryan and his eyes widened. "Are you gonna—?" 

"Fuck him? Yes." 

His jaw dropped. He had been my roommate all my sophomore year and we chose to room together again because we became close friends. He knew me well. Not only had I never mentioned that I even suspected I liked guys, but I was being more blunt and aggressive than I had ever been before. 

"Who are you, and what have you done with Jack?" 

I let out a short, harsh laugh. "That's a good question, but I'll have to get back to you on that. I don't wanna make you uncomfortable, but this is happening whether you leave or not." 

Bryan spoke up. "Listen to him, mister. He's serious." I glared at him and he laughed. 

Kyle had grabbed his laptop and charger and was out the door in 20 seconds flat. I made a mental note to apologize to him later. 

I pulled Bryan into my room and shut the door. 

"Wow, Jack. I thought you were shy," he teased. 

"So did I, but something about your stupid little face brings out the animal in me." 

He stroked my chest with his finger. "I'm glad to be of service." 

"Shut up and strip." 

"Yes sir!" 

Without hesitation he took off all his clothes, revealing his annoyingly perfect body. He wasn't hairy, he just had some blond fuzz that darkened between his cute pink nipples and formed a treasure trail from his navel down to his pubes. His dick was a modest size. It was cut and probably about five and a half inches. He was slender, but not weak. He looked like a dancer, lithe and graceful. He spun around like a model, showing me a flawless body. He was naked, and I was fully clothed. He didn't care. He knew he was a knockout. 

I nearly started drooling. "I want to eat you up." 

He laughed that cute little laugh of his. "All in good time." 

He walked up to me and put his hands on my shoulders. Instinctively I put mine on his slim, girlish hips. His skin was so soft. He leaned his head back. I bent down to kiss him. 

Almost immediately he caught me off guard by sucking my tongue into his mouth. He didn't do anything else, so I took control. I completely took over the inside of his mouth. I moved my hands to knead his perfect buttocks. To my satisfaction, he moaned. 

When we pulled off, he regained his composure and grinned again. 

"Back at home, I got a nickname." 

"Oh yeah? What is it? 'Pushy little shit'? How about 'cock hungry slut'?" 

He laughed. "You flatter me, but no. They call me Kitten." 

That legitimately gave me pause. "Why?" 

He gave me a naughty look. "Get on the bed and I'll show you, big guy." 

I laid down and he got on top of me. 

Then, shit you not, he started purring. It was a little rumble in his throat that legitimately sounded like a cat. 

"How the fuck are you doing that?" I marveled. 

"Can't really say. It's just a little trick I've always been able to do." 

As he crawled around on top of me purring I noticed that he did have a body a bit like a cat's: sleek and lanky. I've never been a cat person myself, but something about the name "Kitten" fit him perfectly. I loved it, and that was a bit unsettling. 

He rubbed his face against my neck and chest, nuzzling me like a cat. Before I even knew what I was doing I was running my fingers through his hair. 

He purred louder. "Oh, it feels so good when you pet me, Daddy." 

I yanked on his hair and he mewed. 

"Listen here, Kitten, I'm not your Daddy. You call me Jack or sir, got it?" This was already strange enough, I didn't need any other kinks thrown into the mix. 

He stuck his tongue out at me. "You're no fun." 

I pulled his hair again. "Be a good little kitten and nuzzle me some more." 

"Yes, sir." 

He rubbed my body as I stroked his hair and face. He eventually got down to the bulge in my jeans. He put his mouth on it and nudged it with his nose. 

"Jack, did you get your kitten a present?" 

"Yep. Now be a good pussycat and unwrap it." 

I thought he was just going to unzip my fly and pull out my dick, but he took off every stitch of clothing I was wearing. He sat up and admired my body. 

"Oh, I like my present, sir!" 

He stroked my biceps. 

"So muscular!" 

His hands moved through my thick chest hair. 

"So furry!" 

He held my 8-inch, uncut cock. 

"So big!" 

He grinned. 

"It's sexy and perfect and it's all for me!" 

I grabbed the back of his neck and pulled his head down until our noses touched. 

"It's not yours yet, Kitten. You have to earn it. I believe you promised me 'the best head of my life'?" 

He purred. "I am thirsty. I could go for some milk." 

He slipped my member into his mouth and went to town. I hated to admit it, but he wasn't exaggerating back at the mixer. It was the best blowjob I had ever received. It took less than five minutes for me to feel my climax approach. 

"It's time for your milk, Kitten. Be a good cat and drink every drop." 

He purred around my cock and winked before working me to completion. I came hard and jetted come in his mouth, which he drank down as fast as I gave it to him. Once I was done, he lightly suckled and nibbled on my dick until it was soft again. He finished up by giving the head a little kiss. 

"Come up here, Kitten. I feel like holding you." 

Once he was in my arms and nuzzling my neck I laid back and stared at the ceiling. Now that I'd come, I could start thinking with my larger head. It's not like I could pretend to be completely straight anymore. I liked that way too much to not at least be bi. That wasn't my biggest concern, though. I had been acting so aggressive, almost like a bully. It's not like Bryan didn't deserve it, but it still felt odd. Not to mention that I was technically pretending he was a cat. 

"Bryan?" 

He pulled away so he could look at me properly. 

"Yeah, Jack?" 

"This...thing we're doing...the whole 'kitten' thing...it's weird, right?" 

He rolled his eyes and kissed the tip of my nose. 

"You're so cute. Of course it's weird. It's kinky as shit!" 

"I still like it, though. I think I like it a lot." 

He winked. "Ain't nothing wrong with that, honey. Nobody needs to know what you like to do in bed." 

I paused. 

"I also kind of feel like a jerk. I'm ordering you around and insulting you, but it feels right. It feels good. I know you're an annoying little shitter, but still." 

He chuckled and pressed his forehead against my own. His golden eyes glittered. 

"It's called being dominant. If you like feeling in charge, I'll play along. I did say that I was yours to do with as you please for the night." 

He brushed his lips against mine and grinned. "You told me some stuff back there, too. I think you said you wanted to pound the fuck out of my ass until I couldn't walk?" 

I grinned back. "Something like that. The thing is, I haven't done this with a guy before." 

"Oh, there's nothing to it. If you've fucked a girl's pussy you can fuck mine. You got lube and condoms?" 

I nodded and held up two fingers. "Always be prepared." 

"Good boy. Go get 'em, would you?" 

I narrowed my eyes at him, but did as he asked. 

"Open the rubber now. Your hands are gonna be covered with lube in a minute." 

I unwrapped the condom and set it aside. 

"Okay, get the lube all over your fingers. My pussy isn't naturally slick like a girl's, so that's where you come in." 

As I put lube on my fingers he got on his stomach and presented his beautiful ass to me. I saw his pink little hole. It was the first anus I'd ever seen up close. 

"If you want you can give it a lick," he told me. "Don't be shy, I keep my pussy nice and clean." 

"How did you say that like it was a completely normal thing to tell somebody?" 

"I'm weird like that." 

Tentatively, I touched his hole with my tongue. It didn't taste gross. It didn't really taste like anything. I licked it a few more times and he let out a contented sigh. 

"This ain't your first time eating pussy, is it?" 

"Yeah, but until now, it's only ever been a chick's pussy." 

"Girl pussies are overrated. Stick a finger in me and I'll show you what you've been missing." 

I poked his opening with my index finger and it slid in to the first knuckle. It was tight and warm. I pushed in further and I felt the walls pulse a little. 

"That feels nice. Open me up some more." 

I pushed in further and added fingers as we both hardened. Eventually three could slip in and out with ease. He was so smooth and tight around my digits. I was looking forward to fucking him proper. 

"Okay, big guy. Search around and try to find my prostate." 

I probed his insides until I touched something that made him moan. 

"Oh, that's it right there! That's like my clit or g-spot. If you actually plan on making me come until my dick falls off, aim for that." 
