 +++++++++++++++++++

I know this story will seem implausible and stereotypical, but it actually did happen. I may embellish here-and-there to make for better reading, but it's largely a true account.

++++++++++++++++

I will readily admit that I may not be the most typical guy around when it comes to my sexuality. I'm happily married to a terrific lady who understands me and appreciates my quirks. I see myself as ninety-percent straight, with a ten-percent tendency to be "open-minded". I had experiences when I was younger with in playing with an older couple that would sometimes involve man-to-man interaction. I found it strange at first, but enjoyed it in the context of harmless fun. After I was married, I never interacted with any other women, but did have rare opportunities for same-sex play with reasonable men, looking only for casual fun. My wife is aware of my occasional "other interests", and allows me that freedom as long as I kept her informed, and played safely. Believe me; I fully appreciate how lucky I am. 

I'm now in my early forties, and still look pretty good. I keep in shape, eat well, exercise and do all the things necessary for a healthy lifestyle. My wife does the same, and we still enjoy each other as much physically as we do emotionally. The rare indulgence with other men has dwindled to nothing in the last seven years, and I've been fine with that, as it has never been central to my sexual needs. The brief encounter I'm about to describe sticks in my mind primarily because it came as a surprise, and not something I was actively seeking. I've read similar fictional accounts before, and that may have added to the enjoyment...perhaps thinking of a fantasy-come-true.

++++++++++++++++++

I had checked-in to a downtown Chicago hotel for a week-long stay while I took care of important accounts for my employer. It was a nice place, recently remodeled, with a full list of amenities. I took advantage of the small fitness center one evening, needing to get my cardio done, since jogging around an unfamiliar city didn't really appeal to me. Several people shuffled in-and-out while I was there, but one gentleman had been using the free-weight area. I was getting ready to leave, when he asked if I could spot him on the bench press. I'm nicely toned, but no body builder, and his physique seemed the same...so I knew I could handle whatever he was likely to do. We shared mindless chit-chat; I learned he had already been in town one week, and had two more to go, missed his wife and kid...all the usual stuff. I told him my schedule, how my wife spent more money while I was gone...again, just the typical bullshit. He was a nice enough guy, decent looking, in good shape, maybe about thirty-five...and I honestly never thought twice about him. We finished the exercise, he thanked me for my help, and I went back to my room.

The next day, I saw him in the breakfast room, we nodded, I grabbed a bagel, and left for my appointment. The day at work was long and tedious. After I got back, and had dinner, I just needed to relax. I grabbed my gym stuff, and headed to the fitness center. I did a few exercises, but wasn't really in the mood, so I grabbed a towel and made use of the steam room. It was about 11pm, and not many people around, so the steam room was empty. About five minutes later, the gentleman I'd helped yesterday came in and took the bench across from me. I paid little attention, as I could barely make-out who it was through the steam. 

"Hey, man...you must have had a long day, too." The man said, nonchalantly.

"Oh...yeah...went a bit longer than I wanted it to." I replied. "Name is Mark, by the way."

"I know what you mean. Mine is Ben," he said, leaning to shake my hand as his towel came undone and revealed his nude body. "Oh...sorry about that." He stammered, sitting back and tossing the loose towel over his lap. 

"Not a problem...I'm not bothered by it." I answered honestly. "Most guys just sit on the towel anyway...I usually do." Frankly, I was glad I hadn't this time around. Ben turned out to be more appealing when his toned frame was in view, and his equipment was pretty nice as well. I appreciate men who take time to keep things neat, and he seemed to spend more effort than most; with trimmed pubic hair and a shaved scrotum. It looked good on him, and I noticed a twitch in my crotch that hadn't happened in years around another guy. 

"I figured it was cool...just didn't want to be too casual." He said with a short chuckle.

"You'll find it remarkably difficult to offend me." I offered, after shaking his hand and leaning back on the bench. 

"Good to know, I guess." Ben said, without a thought. "You know if any good places to go at night around here? It gets kind of boring in the hotel every night."

"I don't do much bar-hopping, or anything like that...my wife would kill me if I picked-up a "date" while on the road." I answered in complete sincerity. "Hell...it's Chicago...probably a million places. I'm sure the concierge could give you some tips."

Ben laughed before speaking. "I know...and my wife would do the same. Probably best not to tempt fate and just stay in the hotel with the adult movie channel. It's only three weeks...not three months." He finished with nervous laughter, as though afraid of having been too blunt. 

"We've all been there, my friend. Lots of ways to relieve that kind of stress, if you put your mind to it. My mind's been straying that way too...and I've only got one week to kill." I said in a friendly and understanding tone. "Need to get going and do this shit all over again tomorrow. Hope to see you again." I said, standing up and heading for the door.

"Hope so, man. It's been nice to talk to someone about something other than work, for a change." Ben replied, as I left the steam room. 

Holy shit...my mind was making-up all kinds of unrealistic scenarios involving a guy who was just talking crap. I knew I had to get out of there before I embarrassed myself and made what was sure to be an unwelcome offer. I was a little surprised he blurted-out being horned...but hardly a rare thing for guys on the road...and he seemed the type who might sit around with his buddies and say that kind of thing.

+++++++++++++

The next day was particularly busy, and I had to take clients out to dinner, so I got to the hotel rather late and decided to just crash.

The third day was pretty much back to the routine schedule. I went to the breakfast room to grab my usual bagel...Ben was there, we did the usual friendly wave, and I left for work. I returned later than expected, once again, and decided to take a steam before heading to bed. The fitness center was empty, except for a few ladies on the treadmill. I put my clothes in a locker, took a towel, and went to the steam room. I was somewhat surprised to see Ben sitting on the same bench as a few nights ago, and another older gentleman on the bench across from him. 

"Hey, Ben...been here long?" I asked while taking a seat to his left, about two feet apart. 

"Oh...a little while. Worked-out my frustrations with the dumb-bells." He said calmly.

"Sorry to hear work's been a bitch." I answered sincerely.

"Oh well...work is what it is...and then there are other things. Not the end of the world." He said, before tilting his head back and stretching in the heat. "Hard to believe more people don't use this facility...but I guess it is late at night"

"Well...it is just for people in the hotel...the public and private clubs are certainly busier in a city like this." I answered, almost automatically. "I kind of like not having to fight for space."

I started to wonder just what he was expecting. Here's a married guy, away from home, in a steam room late at night, and commenting on the lack of traffic. It really could have been a harmless comment, but now I was willing to pursue further what I backed away from a few days ago. It certainly didn't hurt that the other gentleman decided to leave. 

"So...did you ask the concierge about your entertainment options?" I asked, leaning back and casually scratching my balls under the towel, to see if he took notice. 

Ben did take a quick glance, and then looked back toward the door. "Nah...you were right...not the kind of guy who would risk a marriage over acting like a dumb-ass."

"Well...it is possible to find discreet, no-strings fun...if you keep your mind open, and know where to look." I said calmly, taking off my towel, folding it on the bench, and sitting nude next to him. I thought I made the invitation clear, without hitting him over the head with it. I figured it was up to him to play it out, or go back to his room. 

Ben was taking quick, sideways glances at me, and I felt I took the right gamble. "Um...how do you deal with it? You're away from home often enough." Ben asked, in a hushed tone. 

"Like you pointed out...it's not worth dealing with high-drama women, or worse...unwanted babies. I wouldn't disrespect my wife in that way." I answered, scratching my thigh and nudging my balls. "There's nothing wrong with working it off over some porn...or a maybe a bud who knows how to keep things private."

Ben placed his hands in his lap, as though trying to hide something. "Are you gay?" he asked, with hesitation.

"No...I don't see myself that way." I said with a smile. "I love my wife dearly. I'm just not afraid of what feels good...as long as everyone's on the same page. Are you gay?" I asked, with my hand resting on my inner thigh, and my thumb running under my loose sack. 

"No!" Ben shifted uncomfortably on his bench. "I got nothing against it...just can't understand living with...or fucking...another dude...just not my thing."

"Oh, I understand." I replied, in a comforting tone. "It doesn't ever need to go that far. Tell me something...were you hanging-out here, hoping to find someone who'd give you a blowjob?" Ben looked like a deer caught in headlights. "Straight guys do that more than you'd think. Seems like a good way to get off with no messy commitments." I said, with my cock slowly starting to swell. 

"I...uh...shit...I should go." Ben stuttered, nervously clutching his knees. 

"Oh sure...it's cool...I didn't mean to embarrass you." I answered, as though the topic was of no consequence. I leaned forward, with my elbows on my knees, and my hands running through my hair, mainly to hide my cock if he truly had no interest. "I've seen it all at one time or another...you wouldn't be the first guy who ever did something like that."

Ben's hands visibly shook as they rested in his knees. It seemed as though he wanted to get up, but couldn't quite develop the momentum. We sat in silence for about two minutes, and still Ben hadn't managed to move, though his foot was now nervously bouncing one leg.

I decided it was now or never if this going to happen, so I reached over, grabbed the edge of his towel, and gently pulled it to one side, allowing it to fall open on the bench. Ben gasped for air, still leaning forward with his hands on his knees, and eyes closed. I did nothing else for about thirty seconds; just let him sit there, before slowly easing closer to his side. Fortunately, the steam system was re-cycling, allowing the fog and heat to dissipate a bit. Another few moments passed when I reached across with my right arm, pressed my hand to the center of chest, and firmly pushed his torso against the back of the bench. Ben reluctantly complied, but still said nothing, as I slowly moved my hand over his pecs, down his abs, and stopped just above his neatly trimmed curly hairs.

"Just a friendly, understanding gesture, man...there's nothing more to it than that." I said in a low, soft, reassuring tone. "You don't have to do a damn thing...just relax." I offered, and meant it, before encircling my fingers around the base of his half-hard cock. 

Ben's member swelled quickly within my grip, reviving memories of how different it felt to hold another man's hot, hard, silky pole. His cock was slightly shorter than my seven inches, but impressively thick...I could barely wrap my fingers around it. I slowly stroked him, milking a steady stream of clear precum out the tip and swirling it around the spongy head with my thumb. Ben finally opened his eyes, looking down to witness my hand stroking his tool.

"Shit, man...someone could come in!" Ben said nervously, glancing toward the door.

"Yes, someone could." I replied calmly, fondling his warm, loose sack. "Not likely, though...and we'd hear that noisy locker room door long before they got here." I finished, before firmly gripping his cock and running my thumb under the tip to bring his attention back to the task at hand. 

Ben moaned softly, as though choking it back, in case someone could hear. My own prick was now hard as stone, but my focus was on providing this guy the best stress-relief of his life. I took advantage of his brief euphoria, leaned over, and quickly took his white-hot shaft into my mouth. The warmth between my lips, and the silky skin on my tongue felt incredible...I had missed this sensation more than I knew. 

"Oh fuck...shit, man!" Ben yelped as his hips bucked from surprise, serving only to drive his cock deeper into my throat. I had to stretch my jaws wide to accept his girth as my spit flowed over his prick and down his shaved balls. Damn, he tasted good...I felt like I could suck on his tool all night. 

It didn't take long for the angle to become uncomfortable for my back and neck, so I managed to kneel on the floor between his legs without ever letting go of his steel-hard fuck stick. This allowed me to occasionally suck on his balls as they hung low in the sweaty, loose sack. I really wanted to tongue his hole...maybe stick a finger in his ass...but I figured that may be too much for someone as nervous as Ben. This probably went on for about five minutes before Ben's nerves finally got the best of him. I could see his scrotum start to tighten, and he started placing a hand at the back of my head...urging me on. 

"Shit...oh, shit...fuck, man." Ben groaned as his hips starting thrusting up to meet my downward travel on his cock. He tugged at my hair, as though trying to pull me away from his cock...but I wanted his load, and wasn't going to be denied the sweet, salty taste I hadn't had in so long. With one hand tugging at his balls, and my nose buried in the trimmed bush, I could feel his nut-sack pull tight just before he came. 

"Uuuugggghhh...fffffuuuucccckkkk...mmppphh...mmppphhh!" Ben grunted as he thrust his hips against my face with every ample shot into my willing mouth. I struggled to swallow of his seed, but the volume was huge, and each hot stream filled my throat with a powerful force. The overflow of creamy, white spunk slipped past my lips, trailing down his balls and into the crack of his ass. I kept his sensitive, deflating member in mouth as long as I could, milking every last drop of cum, before taking my seat at his side once more...slowly stroking my aching cock. 

Ben sat motionless, breathing heavily, as though completely spent...his body glistening with steam and sweat. I looked at his satisfied form as I spit into my hand, and worked to relieve my own need. He looked toward me, his gaze fixated on my throbbing tool. Cautiously, he reached over and grasped my prick...stroking it firmly, but tentatively. 

"Thanks, man...I meant it...you don't have to do anything." I said between moans and never pushing him away. 

"It seems only fair." Ben mumbled, as though fascinated with holding a cock that wasn't his own. "Don't think I'm up for more than this...sorry..." he said, his voice trailing-off.

"Don't be sorry, dude." I replied, in complete sincerity. "Anything is better than doing it yourself...the helping hand is cool."

Ben honestly did his best...spitting in his palm to keep the friction just-right, and handling a cock in ways that only another man would know. I was so turned-on by the unexpected turn-of-events that it didn't take long to bring me to the edge. 

"Oh...yeah...shit, yes...oh fuck...fuck...fuck!" I grunted over and over as Ben sensed my coming climax, tightened his grip, and continued to stroke me as four thick ropes of cum splashed across my chest. 

Ben held his cum-covered hand out in front of him, as though not sure what to do with it. "Wow...never seen another guy shoot before...pretty fucking wild." Ben said with fascination. 

I took a few moments to catch my breath before using my towel to clean his hand, and then wrapping it around my waist. "Thanks, man...I know you weren't real sure about this...but it was nothing more than a better way to get off than doing it yourself. You cool with that? I asked, as he stood to get his towel.

"Yeah...I really am...thanks for making it easy for me." Ben said with nervous honesty. "I'm tired as fuck now...going to bed and pass-out...take it easy, man." He said before offering a casual wave, and stepping out the door. 

++++++++++++

I saw Ben at breakfast the next few days, but never beyond that time. I think he'd had as much experimenting as he could take...at least for that week. It wasn't the most explosive sexual experience I ever had...but the unexpected moments always seem to stick in my mind as fond memories.