 I work at a busy call center and my job is very stressful. I have also recently gone through a messy divorce and so I was feeling particularly stressed when I headed in for another long day of work. One thing that I will say about the company that I work for is that they do a lot to help ease the stress and give us rewards for providing good service. They often have special meals for us and different events and things like that. On this particular day, they had arranged for fifteen minute massages to give us a little break in the middle of our day. Sometime in the middle of the afternoon, one of my coworkers came by my desk to let me know that it was my turn for a massage. He told me that they were in the small conference room at the back of the building, so I headed there and was actually looking forward to de-stressing a bit.

When I got to the conference room, there was a guy waiting for me dressed in loose sweatpants and a tee shirt and he greeted me and closed the door behind us as he pointed me towards a message chair set up to the side of the room. I got into the chair, settled in and tried to relax as he adjusted the headrest for me. It was the typical massage chair with the donut shaped headrest that you lean forward onto while you rest your chest against the padded support. I actually felt slightly more relaxed just not being hunched over at my desk.

He moved behind me when he was done adjusting the chair and began by working on my neck and upper back. He remarked about how tight my neck muscles were and we made some small talk about stress and work. He kept working over my neck, digging deep into the muscles and I let out a bit of a groan and a sigh.

"Feeling a little better?" he asked.

"mmm, that feels great."

I started to really relax and he moved from my neck to my back and lower back and I sighed and moaned as he did. It just felt great and I was so relaxed. He went back to my neck and dug into my muscles again.

"You feel much more relaxed now."

"Yea, this is awesome. I needed it."

"It's great that you can relax with a guy massaging you. Not all guys can you know?"

"I can just relax and surrender with either a woman or a man," I said and wasn't even sure just what I meant or why I said it but shortly after I did, I felt him move closer as he continued to work on my back.

Now I could feel him leaning slightly against my back as he massaged me. Somehow I was still relaxed and it seemed my contented sighs made him bolder as then I could clearly feel him press against me as he reached to the top of my shoulders. Now I could unmistakably feel his hardness against my back. I was swept up in the moment and only continued to relax and enjoy the feeling of him digging into my sore, tense muscles. I became aware too, of my cock growing hard in my pants.

"Do you want to move around to the front and work on your neck and head more?" he asked with a slight croak in his voice.

"Please."

He was standing right in front of the chair now, massaging my shoulders and the base of my neck. The bulge in his loose pants was unmistakable and so, apparently, was my lack of resistance because he stepped even closer and reached to rub farther down my back. His crotch was now right below my head resting on the chair. He reached down my back and as he drew his hands up my back, his hips rotated up, moving his bulge up towards my face. He repeated this motion and I watch his hips come towards me until I felt my hand reaching out and touching him. He moaned as he felt my hand move lightly over his tenting pants. His hips rotated up again straining for my hand and I pressed more firmly against him, eliciting a louder moan from each of us. There was no going back now but I was lost in my lust anyway. I brought my other hand up and I lifted his pants away from his hips and pulled down to expose his hard cock. One hand wrapped around his shaft and the other cupped his balls as his hips rolled up and he tried to fuck my hand, moaning and leaning his hands against my shoulders. He stepped forward just another couple of inches and rolled his hips up again and I guided his cock into my mouth. Now his hands moved to the back of my head and his hips began to move up and down in a slow steady rhythm of fucking my mouth. I'd never experienced anything like it but I loved the feeling of his hands pinning my head to the chair as he pushed his cock up into my mouth. I submitted to him. I wanted his cock to use my mouth, more, I wanted his cum.

One hand went around to his ass and pulled him towards my face, urging him to fuck my mouth, while the other held his balls, kneading and pulling on them, urging him. There was nothing but loud moaning from both of us. I felt the pressure on the back of my head increase and he rose up onto his toes, burying his cock down my throat. Both of my hands were cupping his firm ass cheeks now, pulling him into me. I felt his cock stiffen and begin to throb in my mouth and throat and I could feel him cumming, emptying his balls into me. Just as he did, I could feel the wetness spread in my underwear as I came in my pants. He thrust twice more into my throat as he convulsed and then rested flat footed as his cock pulled out so that just the head rested in my mouth as I sucked and licked, eating the rest of his load. Finally, he sighed and stepped back from me, pulling his pants back up over his deflating cock. I discretely wiped my mouth with the back of my hand and stood. We were both kind of awkward and then he said, "my card is on the table right there, if you ever want another massage. You can come over or I can come to your place." I picked up his card. "I'll definitely give you a call," I said as I walked out.