 On Friday, he told me he was having a few friends over to play poker Saturday night. He wouldn't give me more details.

Saturday around 6:00, he told me the guys would arrive at 7:00. He told me to go upstairs and take my time showering and getting ready for the evening. He told me to come back downstairs naked when I was done. 

Knowing I was about to participate in something interesting, I prepared and took a very long, hot shower. I became erect several times just thinking about what might be in store for me.

About 6:30, I walked downstairs naked and fresh. He had set up the dining room table for a four man poker game. I didn't know whether I was going to play (I really don't enjoy poker) or be a spectator of some kind.

He was fully clothed. He walked up to me and kissed me. My cock sprang to attention and he ran his fingertips over it, causing me to flinch. He grabbed my ass and pulled me into him. I could feel his hard cock pressing against mine through his pants.

He turned and walked into the kitchen. When he returned, he had a garment in his hand. He handed it to me and I saw that it was a short, small, white kitchen apron. He told me to put it on.

I did as instructed and pulled the apron over my head. The bottom of the apron was about two inches below my balls. I reached to tie it around my waist and realized that even when tied, it was going to leave my back and my bubble ass completely exposed.

He told me to turn around. He ran his hands over my exposed ass and leaned forward to kiss my neck. I leaned my head back and enjoyed the feeling, my cock again rising to the occasion. My fingers trembled in anticipation of the evening. It was 6:45.

He explained that I was going to be the waiter for the evening. I was to serve beer and munchies as and when requested, and was to otherwise do as I was told. I nodded in agreement.

At a few minutes after 7, the doorbell rang. He told me to go into the kitchen, close the French doors behind me, and await his instructions. I did as told.

I heard the door open and heard the guys enter. They were talking and laughing. After a few minutes, I heard chairs move and figured they were sitting down at the table. I heard cards being shuffled and then I heard, "Oh, I forgot. Who wants a beer?" I heard other voices say, "Ya, that would be great" and "of course!"

My guy yelled, "Waiter, bring us four beers." 

I grabbed four beers from the fridge and opened them. Grabbing two in each hand, I pushed the French doors open and walked into the dining room. Three guys were sitting with him at the table. All three were surprisingly good looking. Two blondes, one brunette. All were fully dressed, but I could tell they were all in good shape. One of the blondes looked vaguely familiar; but I had never seen the other two.

They all looked at me admiringly, running their eyes up and down. I walked over to the table and sat a beer in front of one of the guys. He reached over, ran his hand over my naked ass, and said, "Why, thank you gorgeous."

Even though I could have sat all four beers on the table at one time, I walked around to each guy and placed his beer in front of him. Each of them took the opportunity to fondle my ass. 

By the third one, I was fully erect. My guy said, "Oh look, I think we have the waiter's attention now." They all laughed.

I felt a bit humiliated, but was so turned on, I was about to explode.

My guy told them to put down their cards for a minute. He explained to me what was going to happen. He said I was to bring them beer and food while they played. He said they were going to be playing strip poker. With each hand, the player with the losing hand had to remove an item of clothing. And the player with the winning hand would get 60 seconds to "have his way" with me. I nodded my agreement and understanding.

I stood off to the side and watched the first hand. The blonde named Mike won. My guy lost. While my guy removed his shoes, I walked over to Mike as he turned his chair toward me. 

He told me to lift my apron. I did so and exposed my semi-erect cock. He ran his fingertips up and down the shaft and I grew harder. He looked at me and said, "Kiss me." I leaned over and pressed my lips against his. He probed my mouth with his tongue for a long time while he stroked my cock. I started to moan and then heard, "Time's up."

He released my cock and let my apron drop. Fully erect, I backed up and stood to the side again.

In the next hand, the brunette named Billy won and Mike lost. Mike took off his shirt, revealing a beautiful, muscular and tightly groomed chest. I walked over to Billy and he told me to turn around.

I did as told and Billy ran his hands over my ass, cupping both cheeks. He pushed my legs apart and reached underneath to grab my balls and cock. I leaned forward to give him better access. He leaned forward and planted several kisses on my ass as he milked my cock. I didn't want him to stop, but I heard, "Time's up." So I walked away.

The other blonde named Derrick won the next hand. Mike lost again and took off his pants. (I was getting the feeling Mike enjoyed losing and wanted to disrobe ASAP.) I glanced over at the large bulge in his underwear.

Derrick told me to straddle him and sit on his lap. I did as told and he planted his mouth on mine. He started devouring my mouth and probed with his tongue. When I met his tongue with mine, he playfully but gently bit mine.

He reached around and ran his finger up and down my crack and I leaned slightly forward. He put his middle finger in his mouth and then reached around to find my hole. I gasped as he probed my hole. Suddenly, I was very aware that the guy sitting behind me had a close up view of a finger going in and out of me. Suddenly, "Times up" stopped the action.

Mike won the next hand and Billy lost. While Billy removed his shirt, I walked over to Mike. Making an aggressive move, he reached down, slipped off his underwear and said "Suck my cock." He had a big cock, and it grew larger with each passing second.

I looked over at my guy and got no reaction, so I dropped to my knees and engulfed as much of his cock as I could get into my mouth. Knowing my time was limited, I grabbed the base of his cock with my hand and stroked him with both my mouth and hand. He leaned back and groaned. 

I think my guy was enjoying the show because I'm pretty sure well over a minute passed before I heard, "Time's up." I stood and planted a passionate kiss on Mike's mouth, then walked away, hard as a rock.

My guy won the next hand and Derrick lost. Derrick removed both his shirt and pants. Clearly these guys didn't understand the objective of strip poker. Or perhaps they did understand and had different objectives in this game.

I walked over to my guy. He undid his pants and pulled them and his underwear down to his ankles. He told me to sit on his lap. I did as told and reached over to kiss him. We held the kiss for a while and then he pushed me back. We were both erect, our cocks touching.

He grabbed both of our cocks with his right hand and stroked us together. I leaned back with my hands on his thighs, moaning my enjoyment. I thought about the three other guys watching my guy stoking our cocks together and started to feel a tremor in my thighs. 

I leaned forward and said, "I'm about to cum if you want that." He let go, kissed me, and said, "Not yet. I'm enjoying the game too much."

Over the next 30 minutes or so, they took turns winning and losing. The losers were anxiously ripping off clothing until all of them were gloriously and gladly completely naked. Only then was I convinced that they each wanted to win more than lose.

While hands were being played, I kept beer and food coming. At some point, my guy untied my apron and pulled it over my head, leaving me completely naked.

After each poker hand, I went from guy to guy. Derrick made me bend forward and spread my cheeks while he tongued my hole and then probed me with his fingers. Each of them had me suck their cocks. 

All of them wanted to kiss me. My guy kissed me passionately. The others kissed me aggressively. Tongues explored my mouth. Each of them had me sit on their laps so they could stroke our cocks together. Numerous times, I had to stop them so that I didn't cum and ruin the game.

Eventually, they tired of the poker part of this game. My guy suggested that they move their chairs in a circle and put me in the middle. All four of them began running their hands over me. Hands were stroking my ass, stroking my cock, squeezing my balls, pinching my nipples. Mouths kissed me everywhere.

They took turns standing and kissing me while grinding their cocks against mine. They took turns coming up behind me and pressing their cocks into my ass crack, grinding up and down.

They took turns sucking my cock while sitting in the chairs. At times, I would have one guy sucking my cock, another making out with me, and yet another pressing his cock into my ass crack and grinding. I felt violated. I felt humiliated. And I felt exhilaration like I had never experienced before.

My guy took over sucking my cock while the other three took turns with other parts of my body. Derrick planted his mouth on mine and stuck his tongue nearly down my throat. I grabbed one cock in each hand and stroked. I groaned and moaned while my guy sucked me.

I felt it coming and said, "I'm about to cum!" Again, my guy pulled away and said, "Not yet."

My guy grabbed me by the hand and walked me over to the table. He bent me forward over the table. While I leaned over face down, he walked to the side table and grabbed a squirt bottle. He walked behind me and I felt him squirt oil all over my ass cheeks and inside my crack.

With an ample amount of oil in my crack and on his hand, he inserted one finger and then two in my ass and probed me, loosening me as he worked it. I pressed my hands on the table and moved my ass back and forth, enjoying the feeling.

He removed his fingers and I felt his cock glide between my cheeks, running up and down. I could feel oil being squirted on his cock and my ass crack, dripping down my legs.

I spread my legs farther as I felt the head of his cock probe my hole. The head plopped inside me and he started going in and out, penetrating deeper and deeper. I pushed back with each stroke until the full length of his cock was buried inside me.

He grabbed my hips and began fucking me smoothly but aggressively. Every time his cock plunged inside me, I could hear his thighs slap against my ass and could feel his balls slap against mine. 

I closed my eyes and enjoyed the feeling, letting him enjoy fucking me with eyes watching us. I turned and looked at them. Their eyes penetrated me as they waited their turns. Their cocks were rock hard and throbbing. I was the object of their desire. They couldn't wait. They all wanted me. They all wanted to bury their cocks inside me. Suddenly, I craved their cocks and I let them know with my eyes.

Suddenly my guy yelled out and rammed his cock into me one last time. I could feel him erupt and fill me with his warm cum, pulsating and surging over and over.

When he was spent, he slowly pulled his cock out and backed away. I kept my eyes closed and remained in place.

I heard oil squirt out of the bottle again and felt another cock begin to probe my dripping hole. I opened my eyes and glanced around to see Derrick. He smiled at me. I smiled back and admired his muscular chest as he buried his cock in me.

I rose onto my hands and started pushing back, meeting his thrusts. His cock was slightly larger than my guy's and felt wonderfully straight and smooth going in and out of me. He had a big head and would occasionally pull all the way out and let me - and him - enjoy the feeling of his cock head plopping in and out of the rim. 

He grabbed my hips and began fucking me harder. I moaned. I groaned. I told him how wonderful his cock felt inside me. Suddenly, he buried his cock and exploded in an uncontrollable orgasm, shooting ropes of cum inside me. I reached between my legs and massaged his balls, coaxing every last drop out of them.

When Derrick pulled his cock out of me, Billy walked over. He turned me around and motioned for me to lay back on the table. I did so and pulled my knees toward my chest. He had a pleasing cock. Slightly curved and about the same size as my guy. He didn't waste time burying it in my ass.

He leaned over and kissed me as he plunged his cock in and out of me. I whispered, "I love your cock. Please fuck me good" in his ear. He stood upright and used his arms to hold up my legs as he fucked me. I took the opportunity to grab my own cock and stroke. The feeling of his cock gliding in and out of my hole as I stroked myself was almost more than I could take. I had to release my cock for fear I would explode.

As he leaned over me, I reached up and grabbed his flexed chest. I ran my hands over it and pinched his nipples. He obviously enjoyed it and fucked me harder. I rocked my hips and met his every plunge.

I was again aware of the other guys and looked over to to make eye contact with them as they watched me being fucked. Even the guys who had already cum were hard again and stroking their cocks. I looked into the eyes of my guy and he smiled at me. I smiled back at him just as Derrick buried his cock to the hilt and yelled out as he erupted. 

It was a long orgasm. I clenched my hole and felt his cock pulsating inside me. He unloaded inside me with squirt after squirt of cum. I was starting to think I was all full of cum at that point. He stayed inside me for the longest time, finally leaning forward and kissing me passionately as he slowly pulled his cock out with one smooth stroke.

I smiled at Mike as he walked toward me. He had the largest cock of all. I was sure it had grown even more in the last 10 minutes. Me motioned for me to step off the table and told me to suck him.

I gladly dropped to my knees and took his cock into my mouth, allowing him to face fuck me. His cock seemed to grow even more as my mouth and tongue tantalized it. I was starting to think he wanted to cum in my mouth and was looking forward to having him explode in the back of my throat.

Suddenly, he pulled out and lifted me up. He turned me around, bent me over and pushed me face down on the table roughly. I could feel cum dripping out of my ass and down my legs. There was simply too much to hold in.

I felt his large cock head touch the opening of my hole and then he plunged his cock, full length inside me with one abrupt stroke. My hole had been worked hard and was loose and willing. But the sudden stroke with the added girth caused me to yell out, "Oh fuck!"

He held his cock balls-deep inside me for a bit. Then he kicked my legs apart farther and pulled all the way out of my hole. I braced myself as I felt the tip at my opening and then felt a second full plunge of his thick, long cock. He pulled out and repeated the act. I didn't know how many more times I could take this.

After the third plunge, he grabbed my hips and started fucking me steadily. But with each stroke, he would pull out to the rim of his helmet and ram his cock deep inside me. Over and over he plunged his cock inside me, causing me to grimace and groan with each stroke. I was experiencing pain and intense pleasure at the same time.

When I didn't think I could take any more, he pulled out of me, spun me around and pushed me to my knees. I opened my mouth and he rammed his dripping cock inside. He grabbed the back of my head and started face fucking me, hitting the back of my throat with each plunge.

Just when I thought I was going to gag, he rammed to the back of my throat one last time and exploded, erupting in a gush of cum at the back of my throat. I swallowed impulsively, gulping spasm after spasm of warm seed. I grabbed his balls with my hand and massaged the last drops out of them as he groaned and his cock pulsated again and again.

While they all dressed, I walked upstairs and got into the shower. I felt like a quart of warm liquid was coming out of me. I felt violated, abused and sore. But I had loved every minute of it.

I got out of the shower and toweled off. I went into the bedroom and my guy was laying on the bed naked. I walked over and laid next to him. He ran his fingers over my cock and I was instantly hard again. He leaned over and made out with me, gently running his tongue around my mouth.

He told me how much he enjoyed everything and thanked me for being so willing to please him. I thanked him for letting me please him and admitted that I enjoyed every minute. "I especially loved that you enjoyed watching me getting kissed, stroked, probed and fucked." With that, he climbed down and took my cock in his mouth. 

I groaned and writhed back and forth as his mouth and tongue expertly milked my cock. I laid back, closed my eyes and enjoyed the feeling, re-living every minute of the evening - every kiss, every feel, every taste, every smell, every cock I sucked, every cock that fucked my tight hole and unloaded inside me. 

It wasn't long before I felt the orgasm start in my thighs. Like an earthquake, it ran up my legs, washed over my balls and up the shaft of my cock. I moaned and thrust upward, hitting the back of his throat as I came. 

My body convulsed. He tightened his mouth on my cock, grabbed my balls with his hand and milked the cum out of my balls and out the end of my cock. I could feel him swallow repeatedly as I filled his throat with my seed. The intense feeling washed over me like a wave of warm water.

When I was spent, I climbed on top of him and gave him a long kiss. I reached around and stroked his balls, wondering whether he would be ready again. His cock rose to attention and pressed against my ass.

I grabbed his cock and positioned it at my opening. I could feel my hole was still lubricated, dripping from the prior action. So I guided him inside me and began to move up and down, taking the full length of his cock in and out.

I leaned forward and kissed him. He held still as I passionately fucked him, milking his cock with my hole, occasionally kissing him as we went.

We fucked for a long time until he looked up at me and said, "Here it comes." He thrust up to meet me as I slammed down and took the length of his shaft in my ass. I gripped his cock with my rim as he exploded deep inside my ass. I held still, gripping his cock and feeling it pulsate and shoot wave after wave inside me.

When he was spent, he kissed me and said, "That was nice." I replied, "I have to agree with you. Thank you."

We kissed again and then fell asleep spooning. I dreamed about poker. I like poker.