 Malcolm sat on the subway car, angry about his life. He was in his late 50s and still worked a grill at a restaurant. He had to take orders from some stupid white kid every day. He hated being ordered around by white people.

Malcolm's also gay. He's had very little luck with men lately, though, because he's fat and not that attractive. He's 5'10, 230lbs, and just looks like an out of shape angry old man. The one thing that helps him is his huge black dick.

In the past, he enjoyed the discreet encounters he'd have with white guys. He always enjoyed when a white man - especially "straight" ones - submitted to his dick. He loved feeling superior to them.

But for awhile now, he's been unsuccessful. He's frustrated in more ways than one.

It's very late at night, the car is almost empty. There's only a couple of attractive girls in their 20s at the other end. Malcolm doesn't care. At the next stop, a white guy about 25 stumbles in and sits across from Malcolm. He's 5'9", 180lbs, athletic and very attractive. The white guy puts his hoodie down next to him. Malcolm can't help but look at him occasionally.

Evan glances at Malcolm. "Weird old man." he thought. He looks over at the girls. "Not bad. I wonder if they're as drunk as I am." His cock starts to stir in his pants looking at them. He looks back at the fat old man. He's looking right at Evan's growing cock.

"Oh what the fuck?! This dude is gay? Just gonna ignore him." He looks back over at the girls. They look over their shoulder and see him, giggling to each other. They know he's looking. They start to make out. Evan's cock grows harder. "Oh you little sluts." he thinks. He glances over and sees the huge bulge in Malcolm's pants. He stares at it for a second as it pulses against the fabric of Malcolm's tight pants beneath the fat nasty belly that sticks out of the bottom of his shirt. "That bulge looks huge.", Evan told himself. "Whatever. If this gay old man wants to get a free show, fuck it."

Evan spreads his legs in the seat while watching the girls go at it. They keep looking back and he rubs his own bulge. He glances over at Malcolm again, once more fixating on his large bulge. He looks up. They make eye contact before Evan quickly looks back at the girls. But now he keeps glancing back over at Malcolm as he rubs his bulge, outlining it in his pants. "Okay, Evan. Just stop looking. It's just a dick. Who cares? I'm just drunk." he told himself. 

He's getting really horny now watching the girls as they make out and fondle each other's breasts. As Evan enjoys the girls, he lets Malcolm enjoy him. He looks over every now and then at Malcolm's dick.

Suddenly, the train comes to a stop. The girls quickly get up and run out at the last minute. Evan's eyes widen. "Seriously?!" He thinks to himself. Now he's on the train with this fat old black man that's rubbing his dick in front of him. And his legs were spread, giving this man a view of his hard bulge. Evan closed his legs quickly.

"Um, look, I know what this looks like, but..." Evan said.

Malcolm interrupted: "So what? You just teasing me, white boy?"

Evan got a little nervous. "No, no. I'm not gay, man!" 

Malcolm perked up hearing that. "Oh really?" He said with a smile. He starts massaging his bulge again. Evan's eyes lock onto his bulge. "Then why are you hard watching me?" 

Embarrassed, Evan gets flustered: "Um, because of the girls. And I'm drunk, and..." as he said it, Evan realized he WAS looking at this strange black man's package. 

How could this be?! Evan had a really cute girlfriend, he was popular, confident, STRAIGHT! Why was he looking at this ugly old man's huge dick?! Why was he liking it?! He felt ashamed, dirty, naughty. But his heart was racing. What was happening to him?! 

Malcolm smiles with confidence. "You thought you'd just tease me while you played the ladies man, huh white boy? But you know what I think?" Malcolm stands up and directly in front of Evan. The tent in Malcolm's pants comes within inches of Evan's face. Evan doesn't back away. He just looks up at Malcolm innocently.

"I think you've felt so superior to women for so long. Good looking, confident white guy, you're probably spoiled. But when you finally see something that's superior to you, you're not so confident anymore, huh?"

Evan didn't know why, but he loved looking past the huge tent and belly into the eyes of this ugly old black man. He was playing along! He couldn't believe himself. What would his girlfriend think?! His friends, family?!

Suddenly, the train stops, jerking and shifting Malcolm forward a bit. The tip of his tented pants smacks against Evan's face. Evan snaps out of his daze and stands quickly. "This is my stop. Sorry." as he runs out embarrassed. Malcolm steps out behind him and follows him outside the station. The train leaves the station. Evan turns around, realizing he left his hoodie on the train!

He sees Malcolm standing there. "What's wrong, white boy?" says Malcolm. 

"I left my hoodie on the train! My keys were in there!" replies Evan.

Malcolm smiles. Evan realizes the set-up. "So it seems like you need a place to stay for a few hours" says Malcolm, smiling.

"What about my keys?!" says Evan, avoiding the issue. 

"If they're turned in, you can call to claim them tomorrow at 9" says Malcolm. 

"Listen, I'm really not gay man" says Evan, who still peeks glances at Malcolm's fading outline. 

Malcolm looks at how nervous Evan looks, and decides to play with him. "This white stud thought he would play with me, tease me, then run, huh? Well look at him now. Straight my ass. I'm gonna toy with him now" Malcolm said to himself.

"Okay white boy. Okay. No more bullshit. You can crash at my place till 9 tomorrow. I'm like 2 blocks away. Quick walk. You say you're not gay, so I won't make any moves on you. I'm just gonna be me. Okay?" 

After a moment, Evan responds: "Okay. Fine." Evan reluctantly accepts Malcolm's offer, walking with him.

They get to the building a few minutes later. Outside the building is a sexy Puerto Rican girl in her mid 30s. Malcolm walks ahead and smiles at her. "She's hot." Evan thinks to himself. 

She looks at Evan. She's amazed by how attractive he is. She turns to Malcolm. "Malcolm! You stud! How did you manage THIS?!"

Malcolm smiles viciously as Evan looks up in humiliation. "Oh no! No no! It's not that! No. I just need a place to stay. I'm not gay or anything" says Evan.

She laughs. "Aww, he's cute Malcolm. You haven't turned out a white boy in awhile. Does it have to be such a stud?" 

Evan interrupts. "No I said I'm not..." 

Malcolm helps him out. "Relax, Connie. I'm not gonna make any moves" he says, winking at her. 

Connie giggles, "Oh, okay. Just gonna let it happen again. Well, don't make too much noise, lovebirds". 

Connie looks at Evan and giggles again as he quickly walks inside. "Can we go?" He says. Malcolm follows him and then leads him to his apartment.

Malcolm opens the door and walks in. He kicks off his shoes. "Connie is my next door neighbor. So we would have to watch the noise" He says as he walks in. 

"There won't be any noise" Evan says. 

Malcolm points to the couch. "You can stay there" he says. Evan walks over. 

"Thanks" he replies, sitting down. Malcolm walks into his bedroom. 

"Now it's time to have some fun" Malcolm tells himself.

Evan takes off his shoes and gets comfortable on the couch. After a few moments, Malcolm walks out completely naked. Evan's eyes widen as he watches Malcolm's flabby, fat black body move toward the chair across from Evan. "Oh my God, he's so ugly" Evan tells himself. "He practically has tits!" he remarks. But then, Malcolm turns his body and it comes into view: Malcolm's 10 inch, veiny, thick dick. It violently swung from side to side, bouncing off each of Malcolm's legs as he walks in front of Evan. The dick's swing slows, coming to a stop in front of Evan's face. The moment Evan didn't freak out, Malcolm knew he had him.

"Wha wha what are you doing?" Evan said, innocently. 

Malcolm looked down on Evan with superiority. He loved what Evan was going through. He thought: "This white boy, probably always had it easy in life, big popular guy, ladies man. Why is he here? Why do I get to play with him and transform him into a black cock slut? And what about HIS life? What kind of shame is Evan going to deal with? He probably has a girlfriend. I'll bet she's hot and faithful. And here he is, about to change his entire lifestyle around. Because of me." Malcolm's cock twitches just thinking about it.

"I should've told you, I sleep naked. And I'm ready for bed." says Malcolm. 

"You said you weren't gonna make any moves." says Evan. 

Malcolm laughs. "I'm not doing anything out of the ordinary. Like I said, I'm being me. I just wanted to make sure you were good."

Malcolm sways his hips slightly to keep his dick swinging. "You got everything you need, white boy?" He asks. Evan's eyes follow the swinging cock. 

"Um, uh, yes." Evan says in a daze. 

Now Malcolm swings faster, his cock leaping around. "Are you sure? Because I'm gonna go into my bedroom now and I'm not coming out till 9 to wake you so you can get your keys."

Evan looks up at Malcolm. Malcolm smiles a vicious smile at him. He knows Malcolm is giving him one last shot to go for it. Evan looks at Malcolm. He's ashamed to admit it, but for some reason, he's attracted to this fat man. His cock is making Evan think differently. He looks at how big it is. the shiny shaft, the mushroom head. He needs to know how it feels. How could he think this? Malcolm takes a step back to leave. This is it! His last chance!

Evan quickly reaches out and takes Malcolm's dick in his hand as Malcolm was about to step off. Malcolm smiles, knowing he can still turn out a white boy with the best of them. He turns back to Evan. "What are you doing, white boy?" Malcolm knew exactly what they both were doing. He wasn't going to make a move, like he said from the start. He was going to make Evan admit it to himself here and now. This hot white boy submitting to a fat old black guy. Malcolm was back.

"I, uh, I..." Evan stuttered as his outstretched hand gently tugged on Malcolm's growing dick. He tried to pull Malcolm closer to him so he could remain on the couch, but Malcolm stood his ground and crossed his arms. Evan realized Malcolm was going to make him come to the dick. Evan leaned forward and onto his knees in front of Malcolm. He starts stroking Malcolm's big dick slowly. "Oh my God." Evan says out loud. Malcolm loved seeing this white stud worshipping his dick in a trance. But he had a game to play.

"Um, excuse me?" Malcolm says. Evan looks up at him. "There must be a reasonable explanation for what's happening right now. You said you weren't gay. So?" 

Evan looks down Malcolm's body. Seeing his belly and wide flabby hips surround the area he wanted to be. Needed to be. He looks back up. "I'm um, not gay."

Malcolm laughs. "Then this must be a big mistake!" he says. "Your hands slipped onto my dick accidentally? Look white boy, I'm gonna need you to let go of me so I can get to bed. Unless there was something you wanted?"

Evan looks up at Malcolm and bites his bottom lip. Malcolm smiles at him. Evan says "Okay, okay. Fine. You got me." 

Malcolm knows he's got him. "Say it." says Malcolm. 

Evan hesitates, then says "I wanna suck your dick." 

Malcolm reacts as if he was waiting. "Great. I'm not gonna make any moves unless you want me to. If you want me to take control, just tell me." 

Evan leans in and licks the head of Malcolm's massive dick. He puts his lips around it and swirls his tongue around the head. He can't believe he's doing this and how it's making HIM feel inside. Meanwhile, Malcolm is having a ball. "Mmmmm just another closet case white boy." He says, making Evan feel like nothing. He loved it. He started to bob onto Malcolm's dick, jerking it with his hand and slobbering all over it. "Can't believe such a good looking white boy would want to be on his knees for ME." 

Evan twists his head and hand faster as he bobs onto Malcolm's dick, moaning on it. He pulls off of it, panting. "Take over. Fuck my mouth." he says.

Malcolm smiles and gently grabs Evan's head. He shoves his dick into his mouth and starts pounding away at his face. Evan grabs Malcolm's fat asscheeks for balance and pushes him in deeper. Malcolm's fat belly slamming into Evan's face with each thrust. As Malcolm fucks Evan's face, he talks down to him.

"Pretty white boy, probably thought you had it all figured out." Thrust, thrust. "I gotta take orders from white people all day." Thrust, thrust. "But there's nothing I love more than turning out white boys like you." Thrust. "I love degrading them and making them feel like the inferior cum sluts that they are." Thrust Thrust. "You think you're my first?" Malcolm stops for a moment. They look into each other's eyes. Malcolm continues talking as he lets Evan relax with his dick in his mouth. "The last white boy I turned out was a few years ago. Looked like you. Good old American boy. We sat together on a plane. He was a soldier going home to his wife. Kept bragging about how many chances he had to cheat on her, but he was loyal." Malcolm laughs as Evan slowly starts to bob down on his dick while listening. "Two hours into the flight I had him jerking me off under the blanket. Much more happened after we landed, but that's not important."

Malcolm resumes fucking Evan's face. "What is important is what he said to me. I told you I love humiliating white boys. So while he jerked me off, I had him whisper to me. You won't have to whisper." 

Evan made a "huh?" sound on Malcolm's dick. 

Malcolm keeps thrusting. "Tell me something about you that'll make me enjoy doing this to you, white boy. I wanna know how naughty you can be." Thrust, thrust. Malcolm pulls out, holding Evan's head. "Well?" Malcolm says.

Evan says "My family has money?" 

Malcolm smiles and thrusts back into Evan's mouth. "Rich white boy!" Thrust, thrust. "Good. Okay, I'm close. Give me more, you fucking slut." 

Evan pulls off: "I was star quarterback of my college football team."

Malcolm thrusts back in and hard, laughing. "Yes! Rich jock taking this dick!! I'm almost about to cum!" Malcolm thrusts more and more as the slurping sounds fill the room and Evan falls into ecstasy. Malcolm pulls out. "Well?" 

Evan says "My parents don't like black people." 

Malcolm's eyes widen as he grabs Evan's head and rams his huge dick into it. "YESSSSS!! That's it!!" 

Malcolm's legs shake as he erupts into Evan's mouth, shooting stream after stream of cum down his throat. Evan eagerly swallows as much as he can before pulling off of Malcolm's dick. Malcolm continues to shoot stream after stream onto Evan's face, coating it with his hot cum. Evan pants and licks it up off of his face. He leans forward and cleans off Malcolm's dick. Malcolm backs up, looking at Evan. Evan now feels guilty and ashamed. He sits back on the couch. Malcolm laughs. "Good job, white boy. I'll leave my door open for when you're ready." 

Malcolm walks into his bedroom and gets into bed. "Ready for what?" shouts Evan. 

"I'm not making any moves." shouts Malcolm. Evan lays down on the couch, his head buried in his hands in shame. He goes to sleep.

A few hours later, Evan wakes up. It's early morning. He sits up and can't help but think about Malcolm's cock. He needs to know how it feels inside him. He quietly tip toes over to the bedroom. He looks in, and can see Malcolm's morning wood sticking up from beneath his huge belly. The morning sunlight gleams off of the beautiful dick.

"Just run away. It's not a big deal. You just sucked a dick. Lots of people suck dick and swallow cum...right?" Evan tells himself. He wants to go, but he's drawn to that massive dick. He can't believe what he's doing, as he walks over and sits on the bed next to Malcolm. He starts stroking his dick while Malcolm sleeps. 

Suddenly, Malcolm wakes up. "No clothes allowed in my bed." he says sternly. Evan strips, revealing his hard 6 inch dick. Malcolm gets comfortable, folding his arms behind his head. "I'm not making any moves." he says with a smile. "You wanna ride it, don't you?" he says. Evan nods, not knowing why.

As if ready, Malcolm reaches over and grabs lube. He lubes up his dick and pulls Evan over to the bed. Evan gets in and straddles Malcolm, facing his feet as he slowly lowers himself down onto Malcolm's dick. They go slow as Evan eases down, until his ass feels Malcolm's huge belly against it. He's sitting on his cock. Malcolm lays back and yawns. Evan looks back and starts to ride up and down, reverse cowboy on him. He grinds his ass into Malcolm's belly. After a few minutes, Evan starts really shaking his hips and pushing back hard. The slam of the headboard on the wall startles them both, but they continue fucking. Slam, slam, slam, the headboard bounces off the wall as Evan bounces on Malcolm's dick. He grabs Malcolm's feet for stability, as Malcolm wiggles his toes. 

"We...can't...tell...anyone...about...this." Evan utters between bounces. 

"Oh, what's the matter? White stud embarrassed he likes riding fat black dick?" Evan moans hearing that and wiggles his ass onto Malcolm's cock more. "You're a black cock slut no matter how many people you lie to." 

Evan gets off of Malcolm and gets on all fours in front of him. He turns to look at him and wiggles his ass at him. "I don't care right now, just keep fucking me!" he yelled. Malcolm gets behind Evan, lifting his huge belly onto his ass so he can shove his dick into it. Evan pushes back and starts wiggling his ass onto Malcolm's cock over and over like a slut. 

Evan closes his eyes and starts smiling and giggling as he gets used to being debased by Malcolm. He pushes back more and more onto his dick with his eyes closed. He hears a sound but ignores it as he fucks Malcolm's cock with his ass. He smiles a big smile as he leans on his elbows at the foot of the bed, throwing his ass back.

"Guys?" Evan opens his eyes quickly and sees Connie standing there with a smile on. He immediately stops moving his ass. "The pounding of the headboard is really annoying. How long till you cum?" 

Malcolm laughs. "Sorry Connie. I'm close." 

Evan's face turns red as he is mortified by Connie's discovering them. "Why are you here?!" he yells. 

"I have a key to bring Malcolm's mail when he's gone. And we share jewelry sometimes. I'm just gonna take a look in his dresser. Don't mind me." Connie walks to the dresser. 

The men stop moving. "Awww, I think you embarrassed him, Connie." says Malcolm. "He was just in here riding it like he owned it. Hitting the prostate and everything. Now he wants to play 'straight boy' again now that you're here." 

Connie walks over to Evan. She looks down at him on his elbows, Malcolm still buried inside him. "I already saw you, new boy. Gyrating those hips, eyes closed, biting your lip. I watched you enjoy it. So don't worry about me. It's just too bad that Malcolm got to you before I could. You're getting turned out. Enjoy it." Evan is embarrassed beyond belief. She gets down low, looking him in the eyes. "Come on, white boy. You feel naughty? You feel ashamed that you thought you could someday fuck me and here you are getting fucked by my gay friend?"

Hearing that turns Evan back on and he pushes his ass back for a thrust. "Oh, there you go." she smiles. "You're a bad boy, riding black dick like that." Evan starts to push back and forth. "Mmmm that's right. Turn around and tell daddy how much you love it." 

Evan turns his head and looks at Malcolm. "Daddy, I love your fat black dick in me." He says as he furiously rides it. He turns back around and sees Connie walking out, waving behind her. He starts giggling as he realizes he's about to cum from Malcolm's cock hitting his prostate. He slows down as Malcolm grips his hips hard and thrusts into him even harder. 
