 "Deeper master," I pleaded as he thrust his hips forward and his long lubricated cock disappeared inside my tight ass. My face was buried in the pillows at the head of the bed and I groaned loudly with a combination of intense pleasure tinged with a hint of pain. 

"You like that don't you slut?" He asked sternly. His entire shaft was inside me and his heavy nut sack pressed against mine. His cock was long, at least 7.5 inches, but it was only average girth so the pain as it penetrated me was bearable and the pleasure was indescribable. 

"Yes master," I hissed as he slowly withdrew his dick until just the thick bulbous head remained inside me. "I love it." I groaned. My voice was thick with lust. It sounded distant and foreign as though spoken by someone else but the words were mine. 

He slowly sank his long cock back into the depths of my ass as he grabbed my hips firmly. It was a powerful show of dominance and my legs felt weak as he thrust hard into my ass. 

****************************

I had discovered my need to be submissive in bed despite my type A personality years earlier when my then girlfriend tied me up. I found that I enjoyed being used by her like a fuck toy and I craved the freedom of being submissive. I also learned that I loved the degradation of being verbally humiliated. Sadly that relationship had ended and when it did I had a difficult time finding a strong dominant woman who could satisfy my needs. 

I had started going to fetish clubs in the city in search of another domme and while I found some sexual gratification most of the women I met were unable to truly dominate me because they were intimidated by my size. I stand 6'3" and weigh a muscular 225lbs. 

Dan had first approached me at the club in early March. He was a strong Dom who was nearly as tall as me but even more muscular. He was bisexual and he made it clear that he could satisfy my needs. 

I rebuffed Dan's initial offer and let him know that while I was flattered I was very straight. We became, first, casual acquaintances and then friends over the following months. I saw him several times at the club and we often shared a few drinks as we scouted for someone to play with. 

It was Memorial Day weekend and the club was surprisingly empty when Dan sat down beside me and ordered a beer. It had been a frustrating night. I was horny as hell but had not found anyone that peaked my interest all night. Further compounding my problem was the fact that I'd drank several beers and I had a pretty good buzz going. 

"Get ya another?" He asked sensing my mood. 

"Sure," I replied quickly, "but I think I need something stronger than beer." It was not uncommon for us to buy each other a round or two. 

Dan ordered me a scotch, MacAllen 25 neat, and waited for me to fill him in on the source of my frustration. 

I explained that I had waited for over an hour for a woman I met on line to show but she never did. I then told him that I was tired of pretenders, newbies and blow offs as I sipped my scotch. The alcohol went straight to my head and the next thing I knew I was following him to the semi private playrooms in back in a haze. 

It seemed surreal as though I was in a dream as I walked into the dimly lit semi private room behind Dan. He was clearly in charge and he placed an occupied sign outside the door of the playroom. 

"Take your clothes off," Dan said confidently as he watched me intently. The wheels in my head were spinning as I wrestled with my decision. I had never been with a man. I had never even considered it an option yet I had willingly walked back with him knowing full well what he wanted. My cock twitched and I knew instantly what my answer would be. 

"Yes sir," I said quietly as I bowed my head in submission. My words were but a whisper as I pulled my shirt over my head revealing my broad muscular chest. 

"Nice," Dan said as he reached out and touched my bare shaved chest. His hands ran across my pecs and he pinched my nipples as I unfastened my pants and let them drop to the floor leaving me in just a lose pair of boxers. My cock made an obvious tent in my shorts as Dan's hands roamed over my naked torso. He pinched both of my nipples at the same time and I moaned softly. I have always enjoyed the subtle jolt of pain when someone tweaks my nipples and Dan knew exactly what to do. 

"Leave them on," he said abruptly as I started to pull my boxers down. "Get down your knees and bow your head.". His tone was soothing yet firm and I didn't hesitate to obey his order.

"Yes master," I said with far more confidence than I felt as I sank to my knees and waited for his next command. Dan walked across the room toward a big king sized four post bed in a dark corner of the room. Leather straps were fastened to each post and I shivered as I considered the very real possibility that I would soon be tied helplessly to the bed as a man used me for his hedonistic pleasure. 

"Approach me on your knees," Dan ordered and I slowly crawled across the floor until I knelt submissively at his feet. My head remained down but it was level with his crotch and that knowledge gave me an unfamiliar yet wicked thrill. I didn't speak nor gesture as I waited for my next order. 

"First," he said strongly, "we must go over the rules. Once we begin, you are mine. You will do whatever I say without hesitation. I do not believe in safe words. If you do not trust me to respect your safety then you can leave now." Dan allowed his words to hang in the air for several moments as I contemplated their true meaning. 

"Very well," he stated in a smooth confident tone, "you have made your decision. Until we leave this room, and possibly longer, you will refer to me as Master, Master Dan or Sir. Do you understand?"

"Yes Master," I replied quickly. 

Dan reached down and raised my head with his index finger until my eyes met his. A shiver went through my body as my words touched my ears. I could feel my cock grow semi erect and precum was leaking into my boxers leaving a cool slick mess at the end of my dick. 

"Good," he said as a smile crossed his face. He unzipped his tight pants and started them over his hips. "Undress me slave." 

"Yes sir." My fingers trembled as I pulled his pants and underwear down his strong muscular legs. My hands grazed his taught skin and goose bumps covered my body. I may have been new to besexuality but my body was all in and my mind was close behind. 

Dan stepped out of his pants and waited for me to stand up. I pulled his shirt over his head and looked at his naked body. I had never looked at another man sexually before. I had always considered the male form as unattractive but as my eyes soaked in his body I realized that a man's body, while different and less sensuous than a woman's, was not unappealing. "You may explore my pet," he said softly. "Get comfortable with my body because tonight you will experience all that it has to offer."

I reached out and touched his smooth chest. It was clear that he worked out a lot and his entire body was shaved smooth. I was thankful that he was hairless as the feel of his skin was more erotic than I could have imagined. My fingers caressed his chest and touched his small nipples making his breathing quicken. My cock grew hard inside the lose confines of my boxers as I explored a man's body for the first time in my life. 

Dan stood silent as I got accustomed to touching him. He was much more gentle than I had imagined he would be and I was greatful for his calm easy manner. His eyes drew my attention to his hard cock and I knew immediately what he wanted. My fingers slithered down his taught body and touched his cock. 

I had never given a thought to touching another man's cock and I was surprised at how different it was than touching my own. It was long but not especially thick and the skin was impossibly soft despite its granite core. I squeezed it tight and Dan moaned softly. 

His reaction to my touch gave me the confidence and encouragement to proceed. I touched his heavy balls with my left hand as my right started to stroke his long shaft. 

"On your knees slave," he said firmly. 

I sank to my knees without hesitation as I continued to stroke his big cock. I looked up into his soft brown eyes with a pleading expression. I had never sucked cock but I wanted his as badly as I had ever wanted any woman. 

Dan nodded. 

My lips approached his cock with surprising enthusiasm. I saw a small pearl of precum on the tip of his dick and l licked it off tasting his essence. I moaned softly as the salty flavor filled my mouth. It was not what I had expected. It was better. It was delicious and I wanted more. I opened my mouth wide and wrapped my lips around his long cock. 

Dan grabbed my head firmly and started to move his hips slowly forward and back. I knew my initiation period was coming to an end and soon he was pushing his hard cock down my throat. 

I felt his head touch the back of my throat and I relaxed letting the entire length of his long rod disappear inside me. 

He fucked my mouth with smooth steady strokes as tears streamed down my face. His pelvis bounced off my nose with each powerful thrust and I felt oddly wanton and empowered. 

"That's a good slut," he said sternly as he fucked my mouth hard and fast. "You love cock don't you bitch?"

I moaned loudly around his shaft letting him know that I adored his big dick. My jaw ached and my lips were numb when he pulled his dripping rod from my well fucked mouth. 

"Get on the bed slut and put your ass in the air," Dan ordered as he grabbed a small tube of lube from a table beside the bed. He climbed onto the bed behind me and poured lube over my exposed asshole. 

My body shuddered in anticipation of what was to come. I had never dreamed I would let a man fuck me never mind that I would be hard with excitement at the prospect but I was. I moaned softly as he penetrated my ass with a finger. He fucked my ass slowly with a single digit and the sensation was incredible. 

"You like that don't you slut?" Dan teased as he fingered my ass. 

"Yes Master," I panted like a bitch in heat. My body moved and I pushed my ass back against his hand as it thrust in and out of me. My cock was so hard that it hurt and I ached to wrap my fist around it and stroke myself until hot cum spilled from my loins but that was not allowed. 

"Good," he said softly as he added a second digit. His fingers were long and thick and they stretched my asshole in a way I never dreamed would be pleasurable but it was. He fucked my ass with two fingers and then three as I moaned and panted loudly. 

I could feel a warm pressure inside my belly and down near my taint. It spiralled outward as my hard cock throbbed between my legs. My breathing was labored and I felt like a climax was approaching despite the fact that no one had touched my hard dick. 

Dan coated his long thin cock with lube and pulled his fingers from my gaping asshole. He rubbed the head of his cock across the sensitive flesh of my taint and asshole and I moaned wantonly. 

"Are you ready slut piggy," he teased. I wanted to feel him inside me. I had never imagined being fucked by a man before but at that moment I wanted it more that anything in the world. 

"Yes Master," I groaned. "Please fuck me." I was a slut. I was a whore and at that moment I was his whore to use as he pleased and he knew it. 

Dan pushed his hips forward and the slick bulbous head of his delicious cock entered me with a slight "pop" as I moaned softly. He stopped moving and knelt still behind me letting my ass adjust to his big dick. 

A rush of thoughts filled my mind. The pain as his dick entered me had been far less that I had feared and I was consumed was raw carnal lust. My hips moved back towards him in an attempt to get more of his cock inside me. 

Dan slapped my ass hard and I yelped like a scolded puppy. 

"Not yet slut piggy," he said sternly. "First you have to beg for it. 

"Yes Master," I moaned. "Please fuck me Sir. Please pound my ass and make me your bitch. Please fuck me."

Dan moved his hips slowly fucking my ass with shallow strokes. His cock teased me and I wanted, I needed, more. He seemed to derive immense pleasure from teasing me. He seemed to thrive on the knowledge that I wanted him and from the fact that two hours earlier I was a completely straight man who had never had a gay or bi thought. 

"More?" He asked as his dick teased my virgin ass. 

"Yes," I hissed, "yes master please give me more of your big hard cock." His hips moved faster but he continued to fuck me with shallow jabs knowing that I wanted nothing more that to have him bury every inch of his cock inside me. 

"Harder?" He teased and I moaned loudly. "Harder master," I groaned. "I will do anything for you Master but please please fuck me harder."

"Good answer slut piggy," he said triumphantly. He thrusthis cock hard but still shallow and I groaned. 

"Deeper Master," I groaned wantonly. 

Dan fucked my ass with long deep strokes and his cock touched places I had never imagined. I grunted and groaned constantly as pleasures I never dreamed of shook my body. He pulled his cock from my gaping asshole and ordered me onto my back. 

I quickly scrambled onto my back and pulled my legs back at his instruction. My cock twitched as I looked up at his taught muscular body. 

Dan rubbed the slick head of his delicious cock across my asshole making me moan softly. He smiled a devilish grin as he spit onto my asshole and plunged his long dick deep inside me. 

It felt incredible and my eyes rolled back in my head as his balls touched my body. 

"You like that don't you bitch?" He chided as he slapped my ass hard. 

"Yes master," I hissed. My cock bounced with each powerful thrust of his long rod. 

Dan slapped my ass hard again and I grunted like an animal. "You've had quite the transformation haven't you slut? From straight submissive to a little cock whore. Is that what you are? Are you a cock whore?" Dan asked as he continued to thrust his hard cock into my ass and slap my sensitive cheeks with his right hand. 

"Yes sir," I moaned, "I am a cock whore."

"Are you my cock whore slave bitch?" He continued. 

"Yes master," I cried out as my body started to shake. Thick clear precum bubbled from my cock head like an erupting volcano. Dan fucked me hard and fast. 

I came without warning. Powerful waves of pleasure washed over my body as cum spilled from my hard cock. 

Dan fucked me hard as I rode my climax to its glorious conclusion. He pulled his hard throbbing cock from my ass and moved up my body until his dick rested on my chin. 

"Suck it whore," he demanded as he roughly grabbed my hair and guided his prick into my mouth. 

I groaned at the dirtiness of it all as I sucked his big ass covered cock. I slurped his head. I licked his shaft. I played with his heavy cum filled balls and wrapped my lips around his tool. 

Dan grabbed my head and forcefully fucked my mouth. His dick touched the back of my throat and tears streamed down my cheeks. His breathing was rough and erratic and his cock throbbed mercilessly in my mouth. 

"Drink my cum whore," Dan yelled as his cock grew in my mouth and the violently pumped copious cream down my throat. 

I swallowed his thick load and then sucked his cock as it went soft in my mouth. 

Dan climbed off the bed and grabbed one of the leather straps. He tied my arm to the bed and moved down to my leg. 

"Are you ready for more slut," Dan said when he finished tying me to the bed. I was helpless and more excited than I had been in years. 

"Yes master," I said slowly and deliberately, "I am yours to do with as you please." I didn't know what surprises the rest of the night held but I was ready to do anything. 

"Good answer slut piggy," Dan said as he pulled his pants up and walked out the door leaving me alone and totally vulnerable. 

I lay alone on the bed for nearly 30 minutes. I could still taste Dan's cum and I kept replaying our tryst over and over in my mind. My cock was semi erect when Dan returned. He was not alone.