 My first experience with another guy was many years ago, when I was eighteen. I had left my parents home and had rented a small flat from an older guy while I looked around for a job. Bert was in his early forties, quite good-looking and fairly muscular for his age. I, on the other hand, was tall and quite thin, as I hadn’t started to fill out yet and I guess, still naive for my age.

Although it was a single bed flat, I had the place to myself as Bert had another flat he lived in. He would come round occasionally and chat or have a drink with me. One evening, he had brought a bottle of vodka round and we sat drinking and chatting. It was quite late and we were both a little drunk and he suggested staying the night. I didn’t think anything of it and simply got ready for bed while he had a shower.

He only had a towel around him when he returned from the bathroom and I could see he was quite a hairy guy with very defined chest and arm muscles. I didn’t think anything of it as he walked naked towards me and joined me in bed. We spent a while chatting before we both dropped off to sleep.

In the morning, although I was wearing underpants, I could feel his hand stroking my cock. Initially, I felt shocked at this and supposed he was still asleep and didn’t know what he was doing. The stroking seemed to go on for ages and I lay there, still pretending to be asleep. I felt a lovely erotic feeling in me as he stroked and I could feel his hairy chest tickling my back, as he was so close to me. I lay there, wanting to touch him but I daren’t in case he woke up. I still though he was asleep. After what felt like hours, he moved very slightly closer towards me and I could feel his cock against me and it was large and very erect. I still thought he was asleep so I decided to turn onto my back and see what happened. He stopped touching me and I felt quite disappointed that he had stopped so I just lay there, still pretending to be asleep. 

After a few minutes, I felt his arm around me, resting on my chest and I lay there willing him to move his hand down to my cock. Hours seemed to pass before his arm moved further down my chest and his hand rested on my cock. I was still very hard and made a slight movement to try and guide my erect cock towards his hand. I felt him move slightly and could feel his cock right against my side and he was still very hard. His hand began to stroke me again and I knew he was awake and knew what he was doing and I loved it. However, I couldn’t be sure that he knew I was awake. Very discreetly, I felt his cock rub against me and I tried to reciprocate by very gently moving my hips in turn to his stroking hand. I knew now that he knew I was awake but didn’t know what was going to happen next.

I could only think of his cock and wanted to touch it but I decided I was going to do something so bold that I wondered if I could actually go through with it. I needed to be sure that he was aware of what was happening and wouldn’t react with surprise as I turned around to face him. His eyes were closed and I wondered if he were actually still asleep. Although not touching, I knew our cocks were very close to each other and I guessed that if I did nothing, he would make another move and I was right. His hand rubbed against my cock and I knew now what was going to happen next.

I think he was surprised when I moved quite suddenly and crawled down the bed until I could see his erect cock and I touched it for the first time. It felt so big and stiff in my hand. This was the first time I had seen another erect cock and I was so turned on by it. I moved my head closer until I could see it in all it’s glory and ran my tongue over the tip of it. He never said a word as my tongue explored the huge tip and my hand started to stroke it. As I became more confident, I opened my mouth and slipped his cock inside. I moved my head slowly; actually surprising myself at what I was doing and I how turned on I was by this. He was moving his hips very gently in time with my mouth as I sucked him, my hand stroking the base of his cock. I could feel his hand back on my cock and felt very light headed as I felt his mouth surrounding my cock. I couldn’t have imagined myself with another guy and here I was with his cock in my mouth and my cock almost exploding in his.

I knew I wanted him to come in my mouth so I sucked with long slow movements, feeling him move quicker with me. His tongue was doing amazing things to me and I knew it wouldn’t take long for me to reach a climax. Very quickly, I could feel the sensation building up inside and knew I was going to come but at that moment, I could feel his cock spurting and this delicious warm liquid filled my mouth. I was surprised at how much come he was filling my mouth with and swallowed before he shot another load and as I did so, I could feel myself coming in his mouth and the feeling was unlike anything I had felt before. Although I hadn’t slept with a girl before either, I had wanked many times but this was the first time that someone was doing that for me with their mouth. I was still aware that he was coming in my mouth and swallowed a second time as I kept sucking him. At the same time, I was moving my hips as he continued to suck me dry.

I lay there, quiet and still as I felt my heartbeat pounding, his cock still in my mouth. I was starting to go quite soft and pulled my cock away from him. I could feel him going softer but didn’t want to stop sucking that lovely cock. Eventually, I stopped and moved back up the bed, rolled over and felt his strong arms around me as I started to fall asleep again. I was feeling so dreamy and tired but made sure that I pushed myself towards him so that I could feel his cock against me before I fell asleep. My last thought was that I definitely wanted to do that again sometime soon.