 The next morning, Bert seemed more relaxed and comfortable, as I did, and told me a little about himself. He was separated from his wife, having told her he was bisexual and had been having an affair with a friend of his. His wife didn’t take kindly to this although they were still on perfectly good terms. I explained that I had no experience with either girls or guys but was thoroughly enjoying what we were doing together. For some reason, I found an erect cock very exciting and erotic, slightly naughty I suppose but very exciting. I had never imagined I could be so close with another guy but he seemed to understand what I was saying. He said he was quite inexperienced with guys, having had only one previous lover and a few casual experiences but still enjoyed making love with his wife, who he still occasionally met up with. 

We lay beside each other, casually chatting away and he suggested that it might be interesting if we went to a gay sauna he knew of. I had always enjoyed saunas but, obviously had never been to a gay one before, and didn’t have any objections to agreeing to meet him in the evening and visit it. I had to go to work so I got out of bed and got ready for work, aware that he was watching me dress.

Later that evening, we met as arranged and took a taxi close to the sauna. I was surprised that it was located off a narrow alleyway. For some reason, I expected a brightly lit place and hadn’t expected to ring a bell for admittance. We changed in the cramped dressing room and I was surprised when he wrapped a towel around himself. I thought we would be walking around naked. I did the same and followed him along the corridor and down a short flight of stairs and into the sauna area. We had a quick shower and stepped into the Jacuzzi. 

He told me that there was also a large sauna, steam room and a dark room next to some private cubicles where couples often went. Although there were a lot of guys around, they all had towels around them, which was a big disappointment. About ten minutes later, Bert suggested going into the steam room. I caught a quick glimpse of his cock as he stepped out of the Jacuzzi and, although not fully erect, I could tell he was quite relaxed and turned on. 

The steam caught my breath as we entered, noticing there were four others in there. I sat down and rubbed the sweat from my face, noticing that the guy sitting across from me had his towel around his neck and a lovely erection for all to see. This fascinated me and I could see Bert was watching him too. Suddenly, one of the other guys stood up and then knelt in front of him and promptly started to suck that cock, right in front of me. That must have been the most erotic thing I had ever seen, realising my cock was getting very stiff at what was happening in front of me. It could only have been a couple of minutes before he stood up and the two of them walked out. Bert looked at me and said they were away to have some fun. I looked down at his towel, noticing that he had quite a stiff cock. He suggested that we should go to the dark room and see what was happening. I deliberately let my towel fall, exposing a rigid cock for the other guy to see before putting my towel back on and following Bert.

Although Bert called it a dark room, there was a light from around the corner, which, when your eyes adjusted to the darkness, you could just make out faint shapes of others in there. A few minutes later, I could see fairly clearly what was going on. I counted sixteen others in that room, some standing still, others sitting down and others caressing each other. I felt a hand on my cock as a guy sitting close to me started stroking it. He moved forward a little and then started to suck me. I felt a little uncomfortable as I looked towards Bert, but he smiled at me and then moved towards another guy and placed his cock against the man’s mouth. A second later, Bert looked quite contended standing there as he received a blowjob. I was fully aware of this other guy sucking my cock, quite expertly. He took me right to the hilt and then slowly released me, hesitating to lick the tip of my cock and then fully taking me again. I was enjoying the rhythm of this as he sucked, teased the tip and sucked again, at the same time I was teasing both my nipples. I knew it wouldn’t take me long to come but suddenly Bert grabbed my arm and I lost concentration. He whispered in my ear not to come yet as we could still have a lot of fun. I stood back from the guy sucking me, apologised and then walked to a spare seat.

Almost as soon as I had sat down, I felt a cock against my lips. I opened my mouth and let my tongue explore this guy’s cock, placing my hand around it to feel how stiff it was. It was slightly smaller than Bert’s cock so I was able to take all of it in my mouth, putting my hands around his bottom and pulling him closer to me so I could enjoy all of it. I sucked and let my hand wank him, occasionally licking the tip, a trick I learned earlier. I was quite excited as I felt him stiffen in my mouth, his cock growing slightly and I waited for him to come in my mouth. Quickly he pulled out of my mouth, stood back a little and wanked over my chest. I could feel the warm drops as they landed on my chest. I quickly rubbed his come over me, enjoying the smooth, moist feeling over my chest and nipples. As quickly as he had come all over me, he turned and walked out. I looked for Bert and nodded for him to come over, he sat beside me. I told him a guy had come all over me and looked for a reaction. Bert then said he had already sucked a guy off while another wanked all over him. He took my hand and rubbed it over his balls so I could feel the moistness. I gripped his cock and started to rub it but he pulled away and said there was plenty of time for us later.

Bert reached out and pulled a guy towards him and slowly put the guy’s cock in his mouth. Another guy came towards me and I reached out to take him in my mouth, noticing that he had a very thick but short cock with an enormous tip. I licked that tip, feeling him go weak each time I touched it and I knew I could make him come. I stopped for a moment and started to wank him, looking at the tip of his cock getting bigger. Suddenly, he exploded all over me. The first spurt landed in my eyes, making me blink and I felt the second spurt go right over my face. I was almost ecstatic as I quickly put my mouth over his cock, wanting to taste the rest of it. I swallowed quickly as I felt the next spurt hit the back of my throat and then let the next one dribble out of my mouth, still wanking him to make sure I had the lot. Bert had his eyes closed and I don’t think he was aware of what I had done. The guy I had pleasured touched my head and then walked out.

I was so turned on that I wanted to feel someone suck me. I stood up and a guy put his arm around me and kissed my neck. I reached down to feel his cock and noticed he was saturated with lubricant. His cock slid through my fingers as I stroked his body. He knelt down in front of me and sucked me. I placed both hands on the side of his face and felt him move up and down on me. By this time, I was very hard and wanted to come, but I remembered what Bert had said. The guy in front of me then turned round bent down and guided me into him. He was so covered with lubricant that I easily slid inside him with the first thrust as he pushed up against me. I wasn’t sure about this, as I didn’t feel comfortable about what he had done. However, he pushed away and then back again and this had the effect of almost making me come, immediately forgetting my reservations about this. I gripped the side of his hips and slowly thrust in and out, easily sliding with the lubricant. I knew that I wasn’t going to take long before I came and wondered if I should just continue or stop. I decided to stop and pulled out of the guy. I thanked him and walked to the other side of the room and stood still for a moment. I wanted to suck cock so I bent over the guy who was sitting in front of me and almost expertly by now, placed my lips around his cock. 

As I was enjoying sucking him, I felt a hand stroking my bottom with lubricant. He seemed to pour it over me, massaging me with it. This reminded me of when Bert had come between my legs the previous day. I was aware that I had a guy’s cock in my mouth and at the same time, someone was rubbing loads of lubricant over me. I had decided that I didn’t want to do this but before I pulled away, he slid a finger into my ass. That actually felt surprisingly pleasant and I relaxed as he screwed me with his finger. As I relaxed more, he slid another finger inside me. I continued to suck the guy in front of me as I felt my ass being pleasured, wondering if it would be painful if I took his cock inside me. I wiggled my bottom as I felt his fingers inside me, aware that the cock in my mouth was about to explode. At that moment, I wanted to feel a cock inside my ass as well as the one in my mouth. I stopped sucking and wanked the guy all over my face, enjoying the warm liquid splattering over me, tasting a drop on my lip. However, the guy behind me still had his fingers working inside me and I was about to guide his cock inside me when Bert stopped me. He suggested we go to one of the cubicles together and make love.

He followed me into a small room with a bench and a lock on the door. Bert locked it and gripped me tightly, his cock pressed against me as he kissed me. I went down on my knees and licked his cock, feeling it grow in my hand and stroking his balls as I teased him. He moved and knelt down behind me, licking my ass and rubbing more lubricant over me. I knew what was going to happen next, as I readied myself for his cock. He started by rubbing it over my buttocks, occasionally nudging my ass, helping me relax. I pushed myself back a little and felt him begin to slide inside me. I winced as I felt him enter me and he stopped for a second to let me relax. Slowly he pulled back and then entered me again, thrusting slowly but getting further up me. Eventually, I could feel his whole cock move inside me, his balls tickling my balls. I didn’t find this too uncomfortable so started to move with him, feeling his lovely hard cock thrusting inside me. It didn’t take long before I could feel him stiffen inside me, groaning in my ear, his strong arms gripping me. I thrust against him, waiting for him to come. His thrust became firmer and he pulled me closer to him, his cock still pounding me. Suddenly I felt a warm feeling inside me as I felt him spurt, feeling each spurt as he filled me with his come. I rubbed my own cock as I felt him come, wanting to come with him but he stopped me. 

After he caught his breath, he told me to follow him back to the dark room. He stood me in the middle of the floor and kissed my nipple. He grabbed another guy and pulled his head towards my other nipple. I touched myself as I felt the sensations from my nipples but a hand pulled my hand away and I felt my cock going into someone’s mouth. I thrust deeper into his mouth, savouring the two tongues on my nipples at the same time. Quickly, I felt myself finally ready to come and I closed my eyes and imagined Bert’s cock riding me as I came in the guy’s mouth. Bert put his arm around me as I came, his hand stroking my balls as I released the last drops into the guys mouth.

I felt drained after that and wanted to relax a bit. Bert followed me to the Jacuzzi and we both lay back and enjoyed the warm water. I said this had been a great evening and I really wanted more of this. Bert held my hand as he whispered that he might have another surprise sometime soon for me. I reached over and squeezed his cock, kissing him and resting my head on his chest, his arm moving around my shoulders. I could sit like this forever, I remember saying, a long time before we finally showered, dressed and went for a taxi home.