 Bert left later that day and we didn’t speak about what had happened earlier. However, I couldn’t get the memory of what we had done out of my mind and I was determined that I wanted it to happen again soon.

I went to work and came home early, hoping Bert would be back but he wasn’t. I had a quiet evening to myself and decided to go to bed early and enjoy a quiet wank thinking about Bert. I had no sooner gone to bed before I heard Bert come in, saying something about the central heating in his flat not working and would I mind if he stayed with me. Naturally, I didn’t mind at all, feeling secretly quite pleased he had come back.

I lay there, totally naked under the covers, watching him walk around the house, hoping he would come to bed soon. I didn’t have to wait long before he started to undress. He unbuttoned his shirt, revealing his hairy chest and strong arms, undone his trousers and removed his socks and shoes. I don’t know if he was aware that I was awake or not, or even if I was watching him. He stood there in his underpants, not looking at me at all, hesitated and removed his underpants. I got very excited seeing him standing there and could feel my cock getting quite hard in anticipation. I closed my eyes as he walked towards me and came to bed. 

He lay there, with an obvious distance between us and I wondered for a moment if I had imagined everything that had happened earlier that day. I thought I would try and prompt things a little by moving under the covers so that my leg touched his briefly. After a few minutes, I felt his arm around me and I moved closer to him, feeling his cock against my bottom. I felt wonderful as his other arm enveloped me and held me close to him. Again, his hairy chest was tickling my back and his cock rested against my bottom in a warm embrace. I pressed very gently against him, feeling his cock stiffen against me. By this time I had a huge erection and wanted to do more.

Bert’s hand moved down my arm, over my leg and moved back to grasp my cock, feeling how hard it was and rubbing it slowly. He knew I was wide-awake and wanted more. As he rubbed me, I moved my bottom against his cock, feeling it stiffen more. He manoeuvred me on to my back and surprised me by gently kissing my thighs and teasing my cock with his tongue. I was so hard by now and was delighted when he lay on top of me and kissed me tenderly on the lips. I had never kissed a guy before but this felt so sensual. He held me tightly, his cock literally on top of mine, his arms tightly embracing me and giving me the most tender of kisses, which aroused me even further. I moved my hips so that my cock was rubbing against his, moving my hand down so that I could hold both cocks in it. I slowly masturbated us both, conscious of the weight of him against me as he held my face in his hands and kissed me.

He rolled over and changed position so that he could suck my cock and I could suck his and this was what I had been waiting for. His stiff cock smelt so nice as I teased it with my tongue, feeling much more adventurous and confident than I had less than twenty four hours previously. My hand grasped his cock and slowly wanked it as my tongue teased the tip. I wanted to enjoy this before I took him in my mouth but I could feel him thrusting slightly as if to say it was time to suck it. I was so relaxed as he expertly sucked on my cock, simply enjoying the sensations, but my mind was on making sure that he was enjoying it too.

After a good few minutes, he moved position and turned me on to my side and held me close as he pressed his cock between my legs, just under my balls. I had read about guys making love but I wasn’t sure I really wanted or was ready to do that. However, I needn’t have worried, as he seemed content to just thrust between my legs. This was a strange sensation for me, I was completely embraced by Bert and to all intents and purposes, he was making love to me. I moved my hips in turn with him, feeling his cock pushing against my balls as he moved. Was I really making love? It felt like it. Strong arms around me, the lovely sensation of a hard cock between my legs and the warmth of a hairy strong guy next to me. 

He continued to thrust between my legs and I could hear his breathing increasing and I knew he was going to come, I tightened my legs closer to try and help him, he held me closer and I felt this wonderful warm, wet sensation as he came. He thrust several times as he spurted his come between my legs and to my astonishment; he then pulled away and rubbed his come all over my bottom. What a tremendous feeling as he rubbed it all over my bottom and balls, sticky, wet and yet smooth at the same time. 

He lay holding me for what seemed like ages and I wondered if he had gone to sleep and how desperately I wanted to come. Suddenly, he turned me round and took my still hard cock into his mouth and took my entire length. Slowly, his head moved in very deep strokes as he sucked me. One hand was stroking my nipple, which was sending waves of pleasant sensations through my body, and the other hand was wanking my cock as he sucked me. It was obvious he wanted me to come in his mouth and I was aching to do so. It really didn’t take very long at all until I could feel the sensation welling up inside me. He was aware of this too and sucked harder until I couldn’t stop myself from exploding in his mouth. He continued to suck as my cock released its come into his mouth, swallowing but still sucking every last drop. I was in ecstasy with the sensations running through my body and my orgasm seemed to last forever as my cock throbbed in his mouth. Eventually, he slowed down, my cock feeling quite tender. He moved up the bed and we lay together in each other’s arms. I knew this was the beginning of something special. My last memory was of feeling his cock against mine, his lovely strong arms around me and his hairy chest against me. I could still feel the moistness between my legs as I gently rubbed them against each other before I finally fell asleep.