 Pelaam: August 2007.

Once more Todd tried to focus on the words of the devastatingly dark and handsome teacher at the front of the class, and once again found himself drawn more to the way the man looked rather than on what he said. He was grateful that he was so far ahead in his studies. His dissertation was complete, just needing a final proof-read and some polishing before it needed to be submitted. He gave a silent sigh as he resumed his contemplation of the man he found so attractive. Dr Gabe Henson was everything that Todd wasn't. He stood a good couple of inches over six feet by Todd's estimation. He was broad shouldered with a powerful chest. Todd often dreamt about that chest; whether it was smooth or furred, how it would feel pressed against his chest...or his back. The man screamed raw, rampant masculinity and dark, brooding sexual charisma. Todd wasn't alone in his appraisal of the older man. Many of the other students, both male and female, drooled over, adored or were infatuated by their temporary teacher. Dr Henson's long, raven-black hair was tied in a neat ponytail and the goatee beard was carefully trimmed. Intense oceanic blue eyes pierced students at random and the teacher's arms gesticulated as he made his points. A pink tongue was occasionally glimpsed behind the strong, white teeth and Todd fantasized about that tongue when alone in his bed. As much as Todd loved the subject of Art History, he found he loved watching this man more. As he felt heat pooling at his groin, he was glad he wore loose, baggy jeans.

As the lesson ended, Todd slowly filed out with the rest of the students, jostled as usual by Bill and his sick-kick Martin. Todd rubbed absently at his back where an elbow had jabbed. He wasn't the only gay student in the class and he could only assume his persecution was due to his inherited appearance. Todd stood at just five feet five inches, six if he stretched his spine. He had small, delicately boned features and light blond, baby-soft hair. Currently he gelled and spiked his hair to try and look less feminine. He had ice-blue eyes and his lips were a pink Cupid's bow. He was almost the image of his mother and had been happy enough, by and large, with his appearance. 

Until now. 

He was so engrossed in his musings that he failed to watch where he was going and so bumped bodily into the object of many a recent wet-dream.

Gabe Henson strode down the university corridor. He'd needed to go and give himself a cold water face wash. Once again he'd found his eyes and then his thoughts focusing on a small blond beauty in his last class. The young man was a stunner and Gabe had found he played a major part in some very erotic dreams of late. He'd noticed Todd at the start of the year, but as a teacher had done nothing as the terms had sped by. Now there were just a few short weeks till the end of the year. Gabe was wondering whether he could find a way to chat to Todd to find out whether he might stand a chance with the young man outside of university. He caught the looks from the blond during his classes, when Todd thought Gabe's attention elsewhere. He had heard rumours that the boy was gay, but couldn't be certain if they were true, or spiteful based on his delicate build. He was so engrossed in his musings that he failed to watch where he was going and so bumped bodily into the object of many a recent erotic dream.

"Sorry." Two men spoke in unison. One voice was deep and well-modulated, the other soft and breathy.

Gabe could hardly believe he had two armfuls of the young man who had featured in his fantasies for almost a year. Surreptitiously he breathed in the light, clean, fresh scent of the younger man, which seemed to sum up Todd perfectly. Certain Todd was steady on his feet; he carefully and reluctantly released him.

Todd hoped his soft, low moan at being encased in Gabe's strong embrace was muffled by the broad, warm chest. He breathed in spice and heat from the big man, strong without being overpowering. Inexplicably he felt safe, even cherished, in the capable arms. He told himself his breathing was to calm himself, but he knew that, in part as least, he wanted to commit the heady male scent to memory. A sudden vision of Gabe lying on top of him, blanketing him with his large body, physically dominating and ravishing him sprang into Todd's mind. The blond whimpered sub vocally. He felt the arms release him with a mixture of regret and relief.

"You ok?" Todd let the warm tones wash over with him and then gave a shy smile.

"Fine, thank you, Dr Henson," Todd replied.

"Looking forward to completing your studies?" Gabe asked, reluctant to let the blond escape him so soon.

"Yes, but I'll miss you ...you...your lessons, that is." Todd felt the heat rise on his porcelain skin. He was grateful that at least the hammering of his heart couldn't be heard, even if his face was determined to betray him. Risking a quick glance at the big man, Todd could see his teacher seemed unperturbed by the unintentional revelation... perhaps even pleased.

"I'm glad I ... I mean my lessons...have made such a good impression," Gabe smiled.

Todd felt he was melting from the heat in the oceanic eyes. It was getting harder to maintain coherent thought and his unintentional revelation had already flustered the smaller man.

"You did," Todd said, his mouth suddenly as dry as the sands of the Sahara.

"Good." The single word was spoken in a deep, rasping purr and Todd felt his body react to it in allsorts of pleasurable ways. "Perhaps we could meet away from Uni?" Gabe ventured. "Can we meet after classes on Friday? To discuss things further?"

"O...ok, great," Todd husked, his smile coming out in full force.

Gabe basked in its radiance.

****

That night two very different men lay in their beds, each thinking of the other. Gabe was on his back, naked and hard, his legs wide apart. One hand wandered through a thick pelt of chest fur to pluck at thick dark nipples. His other hand played with a lush pubic pelt that adorned the base of a long, thick shaft. He moved to begin stroking at flesh already slick with pre-come. On each upstroke, he flicked at the slit to encourage more fluid, his strokes becoming faster. Abandoning his nipples, he reached to cup his large, haired sac and roll the heavy orbs within, his hips beginning to thrust into the tunnel of his fist. He pictured Todd, naked, willing, spreading his legs wide for him and groaned low and deep. He resumed playing with his nipples as his hips pumped hard and his breath came in harsh gasps. He felt heat flood his lower belly and he came explosively. Streaks of silver crème created an abstract pattern against his dark fur. As his breath returned to normal, he reached for the towel at his bedside to clean himself. Visions of a sated blond were in his mind as he settled to sleep, willing Friday to come round faster.

Kneeling on his bed, his legs spread wide; Todd penetrated himself with a second finger and began to caress his hidden jewel. His other hand pumped the rose-pink, slender shaft that jutted from a small nest of silver blond curls. He panted as he thrust back onto his digits and into his hand. In his mind it was Gabe's fingers, Gabe's cock, which penetrated him. He imagined the bigger man thrusting inside him, coming inside him and Todd whimpered as he came. Pulses of pearlescent seed erupted over his hand and Todd milked himself dry. He collapsed slowly to lie panting on his bed and carefully withdrew his fingers. He reached to the baby-wipes to cleanse himself. He smiled as he thought of Friday and chatting to Gabe, getting to know him. He slid beneath his covers, drifting asleep in post-coital bliss and dreamt of being held in a large protective embrace, wishing it was already Friday. 

****

Gabe was furious. He'd managed to lose a filling and had to cancel his Friday class. A message had been passed on to his students, but Gabe was concerned about one in particular. Although not certain, he hoped Todd might be where he was due to hold his class. He'd ensured he'd told the University Don that he would be available after the class for any questions from his students. He rushed to his destination. His fury evaporated instantly as he saw the anxious face of the beautiful blond. It was replaced by pleasure and regret; pleasure that Todd was there and regret for the worry he'd caused.

"Hey, Todd," Gabe called. He couldn't help but grin at the instant transformation as Todd turned towards him, the anxiety disappearing as fast as Gabe's anger.

"Dr Henson," Todd said smiling, relieved the older man had turned up. "I wasn't sure you would make it."

"Call me Gabe," the big man smiled. "And there was no way I'd have stood you up. Are you free tomorrow? I seem to remember you saying a while back you enjoyed book fairs. Would you like to come with me to one?"

"Yes I'm free and I'd love to go with you," Todd enthused, impressed and flattered the older man remembered.

"Jot your address down for me," Gabe said, passing a slip of paper and a pen to the blond. "I'll be round at 10.00am. Will that be ok?"

Todd grinned widely as he returned pen and paper.

"That'll be great," he replied.

"I'll see you tomorrow then," Gabe said softly, regretting having to lose Todd's company so quickly.

"Yeah, great," Todd said shyly, his normal loquaciousness deserting him. He smiled and turned to head towards the library wishing he could have kept the older man chatting a little longer.

Gabe sighed and slowly began to meander in the opposite direction. A sixth sense made him stop and return to the corridor junction. At the end of the corridor Todd had used he could see Billy. Gabe neither liked nor trusted the younger man and something about Billy's posture had the big man's alarm bells ringing. Knowing he could come around from the other direction if he used a different approach, Gabe set off at a run. Whatever the young man was up to, Gabe wanted to catch him in the act.

Todd looked with fear-filled wide eyes at Billy. His arms were pinned tightly to his body by one single arm of Billy's cohort Martin. The massive student was using his free hand to cover Todd's mouth. Todd could neither move nor call for help. He gazed into hate-filled green eyes.

"Is that the way you get your good marks, Todd?" Billy asked sneeringly. "You give good head? Or is it your tight little arse that Henson likes so much? You get on your hands and knees for him?" Billy moved closer, leering lasciviously. "Maybe I should try for myself," he said, unbuckling Todd's belt and unsnapping his jeans.

Todd screamed his denial behind Martin's meaty paw. He writhed in the bigger man's embrace, feeling Martin's grip begin to loosen as Billy reached to begin undoing his clothing. Before his jeans could be fully opened, a dark blur streaked past and Billy was sent to the floor to land heavily on his backside, a stunned look on his face.

Gabe had caught the last of Billy's comments as he had approached the unfurling drama and he had felt fury and protectiveness heat his blood. He'd rammed the heel of his hand into Billy's shoulder to send him flying to the ground. Ignoring Billy temporarily, Gabe swung round to Todd. The blond was refastening his jeans with trembling hands. Martin was already vanishing from sight. Gabe growled turning back towards Billy, but the dark-haired student was running at full speed to make his own escape. Gabe focused his attention on the small, scared, shaking blond, instinctively wrapping his arms protectively around him.

For a moment Todd froze, the memory of Martin rising in his mind, and then he relaxed and drew comfort from the solid embrace.

"You ok?" Gabe asked, worriedly. "He didn't...?"

"No, you were in time," Todd replied. "But I'd really like to go home."

"You have to report this," Gabe urging, frowning at the tiny shake of Todd's head.

"I don't want to get you involved in this, Gabe," he said softly. "Please. I want to go home."

"I'll take you," Gabe said. "And on Monday we report this together. Nobody should put up with this kind of harassment."

Todd decided not to try and fight the older man. He silently mourned the loss of the strong arms around him as Gabe released him, however he felt comforted by the proprietary hand on the small of his back.

****

At the neat detached house, Gabe was left standing forlornly in the doorway as a white-faced Todd raced to the bathroom. Gabe couldn't be angry at being abandoned so suddenly, he knew the reason. He looked at the petite blonde heading in his direction and could see immediately where Todd got his looks from. Todd was almost a double for the woman who now stood before him with concern in her sapphire eyes. 

"What's going on, Dr Henson?" she asked. She smiled at the stunned expression on the big, dark man's face. "Todd's described you to me," she explained. "He's very taken with you and your teaching."

"Please call me Gabe," he said, gathering his thoughts. "Todd was...set upon by two other students, Mrs Meadows. We were hoping to go to a book fair tomorrow, but now..." Gabe let his voice trail away as he looked longingly upstairs.

"Billy and Martin," came the angry voice. Gabe returned his attention to the now furious woman. "They're making his last few months so miserable. Just because my son is gay it doesn't make him a slut or mean he should be targeted by bigoted bullies. We're very lucky with Todd; he's an intelligent, kind, considerate young man." She took a breath and gave Gabe a small smile. " If you want to check he's alright, our bathroom is first left at the top of the stairs; Todd's room is the second left. I'll make some tea and come up in, say, twenty minutes?"

"Thank you, Mrs Meadows," Gabe said gratefully.

"Call me Gina," she smiled.

Taking a fortifying breath, Gabe ascended the stairs. He glanced quickly into the bathroom, but it was dark and empty. He tapped on the next door and obeyed the muffled invitation to enter. 

"Gabe!" Todd exclaimed. "I didn't think you would still be here." Todd shifted from where he'd thrown himself on his bed and moved to stand by the big man. "I thought you'd need to go after dropping me off," he added apologetically.

"I wouldn't go without ensuring you were ok and that you still want to go out with me tomorrow," Gabe said smiling. His libido was somersaulting and he fought to keep it under control. The sight of Todd his shirt undone, lying on his bed, was very close to a favourite fantasy.

"I'm fine, just a little shaken. Billy's never gone that far. I've dealt with taunts, jibes and jostles, but nothing like today." He forced himself away from the worrying event and gave a pale imitation of his normal smile. "I am looking forward to spending time with you tomorrow."

"Really?" Gabe asked huskily. He reached out to caress the soft skin of Todd's cheek with the back of his fingers and smiled as the smaller man leant into the touch. Gabe found himself moving closer, his eyes locked on Todd's. A small part of him questioned whether he was in some way taking advantage of the blond, the primal, more dominant part screamed in silent approval as he pulled Todd to his body. He moved slowly, allowing the smaller man to resist or refuse. Instead the lithe form moulded to his as though Todd had been made for him -- or he for Todd. He slipped a hand to the small of Todd's spine and the other to cup the base of his skull and angle the blond to the perfect angle. Then he simply pressed their lips together. He was pleased that as he pulled back from their first kiss Todd leant closer, trying to keep their connection. The next kiss was harder, deeper and wetter. Gabe licked at the seam of Todd's lips and as they parted his tongue thrust proprietarily inside. It tasted Todd's sweetness, roamed over the ridges of the roof of Todd's mouth, slid over satiny inner cheeks and sensuously entwined with Todd's shyer muscle. As they broke apart to breathe, they rubbed their foreheads together, panting softy into each other's mouths.

A tap to the door had them step apart. Gina smiled as she brought in a tray of tea for the men. If she noticed Todd and Gabe looking a little ...flushed...she made no comment. She placed the tray on a small table and gave the men another smile as she left.

"Thanks, mum," Todd smiled gratefully.

"No problem," Gina said.

"It wasn't my intention to start a full relationship before you had ceased to be one of my students," Gabe confessed as Gina closed the door and the men turned back to face each other. "But now, I don't know that I can keep my hands off you."

"I don't want you to," Todd replied emphatically. "Kiss me?" he asked, angling his head for the touch he craved.

Gabe groaned as he fused their mouths together. This time the kiss was one of dominance and possession. Gabe wanted Todd. He guided the smaller man back to the bed. He revelled in primitive feelings of power and control as Todd clutched desperately at his shoulders, soft whimpers of need spilling from kiss-swollen lips. The younger man's legs spread wide to accept Gabe's bulk and the bigger man shamelessly ground his groin into Todd's. At the low moan, Gabe slid a hand to trace Todd's eager erection.

"Please, Gabe, oh God, please, please," Todd begged.

"Please what, Todd?" Gabe rasped.

"P...please." Todd's cries became a guttural groan as Gabe pressed the heel of his hand against the tented pants.

"What is it you want, Todd?" Gabe persisted, his voice a whisper of dark silk against Todd's ear.

"Want to come, Gabe," Todd husked. "Want you to make me come. Please make me come." Todd arched his hips trying to push into Gabe's hand, but the bigger man was fully in control, keeping his touches just that bit lighter than Todd needed and the smaller man keened softly.

"You beg so prettily," Gabe growled. "You want me to touch you here?" he asked, squeezing the hard flesh through its denim confines.

"Yes, yes please. Touch my cock, please touch my cock. Oh, Gabe," Todd groaned as moist heat enveloped his nipple. He mewled as Gabe sucked and nipped at the innocent flesh. It rose hard and aching as it was tugged and suckled. "Gabe!" Todd cried as a large, knowledgeable hand slid beneath denim, into his underwear and enveloped his throbbing shaft. All it took was one more squeeze and Gabe's thumb flicking over the head of his rod and the younger man erupted. "Comingcoming," Todd moaned.

"Beautiful," Gabe rumbled, pulling back from the reddened nub he was erotically torturing. "Show me how much you like me touching you." Gabe continued to milk Todd, squeezing and stroking until the lithe, bucking body finally stilled.

Gazing up through heavy-lidded, satiated eyes, Todd moaned softly as Gabe withdrew his hand and licked languidly at the cream that clung to his fingers.

"Wanna see you come. Wanna feel you come on me," Todd murmured, reaching for his lover.

"You want me to cream on your beautiful body, babe?" Gabe rasped. "Mark you as mine?"

"Yeah, oh yeah," Todd groaned.

Moving swiftly, Gabe quickly divested Todd of his clothing, admiring the marbelesque perfection of the satin-skinned younger man. Gabe unfastened his pants, letting his rampant erection free. He straddled the pale, supine body, pumping himself hard and fast. As he pulled at his throbbing flesh with one hand, the other roamed imperiously over Todd, tugging at taut teats to tender cries of pleasure from the smaller man. He felt his balls rise as his climax rapidly approached boiling point. He bit back the bellow that threatened to break free as his semen jetted onto Todd's body. He grunted as his body jerked with each pulse of his seed that decorated the beautiful blond's smooth skin. 

Todd gazed enraptured as Gabe's climax hit. He whimpered as the big male's hot semen adorned his chest. Unable to resist, he slid a finger through the ribbons of come and brought it to his lips to taste. He met Gabe's eyes as he sucked his fingers clean, watching the big man's sated eyes darken with new desire. He dutifully opened his mouth as Gabe scooped two fingers of his crème and fed it to his lover. Once cleaned, Gabe thrust his fingers suggestively in and out of Todd's mouth, watching with approval as the blond suckled him. Slowly he withdrew them to trace over Todd's red, glistening lips.
