 The air was brisk as I pulled into the parking lot of the best adult bookstore in town. I parked down near the end and then walked up to the door and rang the buzzer to notify the attendant to let me in. I waited as he looked at me, confirming that I at least looked of legal age before buzzing me in. 

I walked up to the counter and asked for change. I watched as he counted out the ones, thinking to myself how great it would be if either one of my favorite men were here today. I picked up the twenty crisp one dollar bills, folded them into my front right pocket and proceeded to head back towards the arcade.

It is here at this very store that I gave my first blowjob some five years ago, bumbling, not quite sure of what I was doing, just knowing that I wanted to see what it was like to give head to a man. My girlfriend and I had just broken up and I was confused, yet also finally able to push myself to quit wondering and try.

Since then, I had perfected my technique, able to take most men all the way down my throat and please them to great ends, yet another thing had happened along the way too. I had discovered what kind of man I liked to give head too and how I liked to be treated while giving head. I had found that, while the prospect of a young 20's guy was fun, I actually preferred a man in his late 30's, early 40's. I preferred them to at least take care of themselves and keep in shape as there are three things that turn me off when it comes to sucking off men and they are excessive body hair, a gut that hangs on your head as you are sucking and, of course, a small penis. I only like to suck cock so why would I want to suck on a small cock?

Older men also seem to be a little more open to being dominant and are much more likely to be more secure with their feelings of homosexual sex, as opposed to a younger guy that, most likely, was like me and just interested in either seeing what it was like to give head, or sit back with his eyes closed, thinking about some college girl that he didn't get that night. 

I prefer, when I pursue my bi-sexual side, to be the "girl" of the encounter, there solely to please who I am with, to be consumed by their manliness, and to be treated like a slut. Now, while I have yet to have my "pussy" fucked, I am sure that this is mainly because I have been too timid to try this as well, but am open to pleasing my master, whoever that may be at the time.

There are two regulars that come to this store, both of whom I enjoy being with tremendously because they fit my criteria perfectly. The enjoy letting me be the girl as they run their hands exploratively over my younger (27) body, bending me over the couch and rubbing their cocks between my ass cheeks knowing that this drives me crazy even if I am still timid about penetration, kissing me forcefully, pinning me up against the wall, and face fucking me in a variety of positions like me on my knees, head back over the couch, me sitting on the couch as they stand above me and drive their cocks into my mouth, etc. What really drives me wild is their cocks. Neither are these huge 25" cocks the size of a 2-liter bottle that you hear sometimes on here, but both are probably around 7.5-8. I am only around 6.5" and they make mine look small. 

I do not know either of their names, so for all sakes and purposes, I will give them names to help keep them apart. Steve is the shorter of the two, probably 5'11", lean body, probably around 40. He actually has more body hair than I prefer, but he does shave his cock and balls so it's easily looked past. The second is Chris. He's a lot taller, probably 6'5". His cock is bigger and when he's behind me, pulling my mouth back to his mouth, I can feel his cock pointing into my lower back as opposed to resting between my ass cheeks.

I walk through the door to the arcades, intent on looking at the movies that are on display and standing on the wall facing the display are both Chris and Steve. I stop. They both look at me and smile. They have never met to my knowledge, so this is all completely by happenstance. I look at both of them, back and forth and bite the bottom left corner of my lip. I signal to both of them to follow me and I turn to my right to find an open room. I enter into a room, one that I know has a large couch, and turn waiting for my men to come in. They both walk in and close and lock the door. 

The rooms are set up with a large TV, probably 32" that's covered in plexi-glass, with a bill inserter to the right of the machine. There is a large faux-leather sofa in the middle of the room with a channel controller right next to one of the sofa's arms. Steve walks up and opens his wallet and through the dim light, I can see that he has pulled out a twenty. This is great. This means a lot of un-interuppted time. As long as the occupied sign is lit, meaning that money is in the machine, you are never bothered by the staff.

I look at them and begin to peel off my clothes. As they start to do the same, I tell them to stop, that I will do it for them. I am now naked, in front of these two men and I walk in between them. Chris grabs my head and begins to kiss me as I feel Steve start exploring my ass and thighs. This goes on, back and forth, them kissing me and on me, running their hands all over me. I am turned to one of the walls and spread my legs as if I am being frisked by an officer. They both then begin to feel me up, hands and fingers everywhere, feeling on my younger body. They know that my enjoyment is being there for their enjoyment. 

I turn back around and go for the first mouth I see and it is Steve's. I begin passionately kissing him, my hands on his face keeping him close. I then reach down and start undoing his belt as our tongues melt together. His pants come undone and fall to the ground. I can feel Chris behind me so I turn to him and look up as he begins kissing me. I undo his pants as well and I start caressing his large cock through his underpants. 

I then feel another mouth on my shoulder and a cock head poking at my ass. I reach my hand back to find that Steve has removed the rest of his clothes so I drop to my knees and take his cock into my mouth, trying desperately to feed my hunger for cock. I hear his moans mixed with my moans and the sounds of my mouth wetting his cock. I take his cock all the way down my throat while using my tongue on the sensitive underside. Pulling his cock out, I rub it on my face, then slap it across my face, while looking up at him, then rub it some more. As I am looking at his cock while I stroke it, I feel something on my ear and I turn to my right and it is Chris's monster cock. I start licking his cock while stroking Steve's. 

I switch hands that I am stroking Steve with, from my right to my left and grasp Chris's with my right. I start stroking both cocks and then I go back and forth, sucking on Steve's for a couple seconds and then back to Chris's. I bring them closer together so that their cocks are touching and I begin slobbering over both cocks at the same time. I try to fit them both into my mouth as they both grab the back of my head and proceed to assist me in my endeavors by trying to fuck my mouth. 

I move off of their cocks and down to my hands and knees and crawl over to the couch. I rest my arms on the couch with my head on my arms as I wave my ass-pussy back and forth like a dog in heat. They get down on their knees and begin to once again feel on my ass and back. I let out a small whimper while saying, "Spank me, I've been so bad!" 

I feel them start slapping me. Chris on my left is slapping my left cheek and his slaps hit harder than Steve's. Chris will slap, grab and then shake on my ass while Steve slaps and caresses in-between slaps. The combination has me moaning and yelping as they molest my ass.

I feel Chris stop and then I am raised up. Chris sits down and I take my cue and begin worshiping his cock. I use my right hand to continuously hold his cock and stroke it as I use my left hand to stabilize myself. I pay a lot of attention to his shaved balls, licking and sucking on them, licking the underside towards his taint, letting his balls rest on my face, and licking up and down the underside of his cock, even using my lips sideways underneath his cock to give him unbelievable pleasure.

All the while, I can feel Steve position himself behind me and lay his cock between my ass cheeks. He grabs my hips and begins to hump me, using my ass like a pair of tits. I hear him moan and the rocking motion, in between these two men, has me in heaven. He continues to spank me while he humps his cock between my ass. 

I hear the men talking about me, saying how they always look for me when they come in. Chris asks Steve if he knows my name, and Steve says, "I have no idea. Cum hungry slut, maybe?!?!"

They both laugh, but that might as well be my name right now. I am so hot being bucked between the crotches of men easily 10 years my senior. Chris grabs me by my hair, pulling my head up and my mouth off his cock and begins to rub his cock across my face.

"You are such a dirty whore, aren't you?" he says as he begins to slap his cock on my face. I feel Steve pull his cock from between my cheeks and start slapping it against my ass. 

Chris pulls me up and on to his lap, our cocks now rubbing together. His cock is so much thicker than mine. I had always considered my cock average. Not small, not big, but average. Ours together, however, created the illusion that I was so much smaller. I really felt like a little girl now. 

He pulled me towards him and I began kissing him as I bucked on his cock, humping mine on his. I felt the couch shift and Chris turned my head to my left and immediately my mouth was full of Steve's cock. I began sucking, eyes closed, probably rolling into the back of my head as I became cock-possessed.

Chris kept his hand on the back of my head as I sucked on Steve's cock. He told me how much better I looked with a cock in my mouth. He told me that I was born to make older men happy. He told me if I was good, they would cum all over me. His other hand was twisting my nipples and running up under my chin, feeling it expand as my mouth was filled and then emptied by Steve's hard cock.

Chris slid out from underneath me, my mouth never leaving Steve's cock. He moved me into a sitting position and then stood on the other side of me. By my turning around, Steve was on my right side and Chris was on my left, each with a leg in between my legs. Chris inserted his cock into my mouth, grabbed my head and started plowing a way. They would go back and forth, leaning in, trying to see who could get their cocks farther down my throat. 

I had a hand up between each of their legs, caressing their ass cheeks and balls and when their cock wasn't in my mouth, I was jacking them with my hand.

I heard them talking back and forth asking how close they were getting and they were both saying that they were getting close. Chris said to hold it till you are about to cum. Once they were at that point, they stepped down and I slid down in front of the couch, legs folded under me, leaning back on the couch with my face presented to my men and they began jerking off furiously above me. Steve's cock exploded first, covering my face with the first and second blast, hitting me in the chin on the next and then the throat and the chest. As his first shot on my chest landed, Chris unloaded. Chris always releases a lot of Cum and as it sprayed all over me, I opened my mouth and in seeing this he aimed, filling my mouth with his tasty cum that I so longed for. My hands were running over me, feeling the cum on my body, shoveling it into my mouth. 

I sat up and they let me take turns cleaning their cocks as they used them as shovels to feed me more cum. I started jerking off, and then I told them to shove their cocks in my mouth at the same time. Covered in cum, plugged with two still hard cocks, I came harder than I ever had remembered. 

Breathless, sweaty and covered in cum, I let them continue rubbing their cocks on my face. To my amazement, their cocks were still hard. My eyes were closed, I was still on the floor, leaning back on the seat of the couch with them sitting on either side of me on the couch now. Chris said, "That's why I love this fucker. He never disappoints. We need to hook up outside of this place."

"Sounds good to me," said Steve. "We still have probably 20 minutes left on the timer. What do you think we should do?"

"Well," said Chris. "I've never had a chance to fuck this little girl's pussy. You?"

"No."

"I say we take this slut's virginity. She probably wants to be fucked by a daddy type, but she's too afraid. I say fuck that. Let's show her how much fun it can be to ride her daddy's cock and allow us to stick her from both ends at the same time."

My eyes flew open, my cock became hard and I was being groped once again. It was going to be a long night. But not long enough...