 *This story involves some male-male anal sex and some forced sex. If that turns you off please don't read any further. If that turns you on, please enjoy it and if you really enjoy it, send me a message!



Boy, what a day for a street dance. I can't believe how nice it's been all summer and then the last few days the temperatures have been ramping up and now it's forecasted to be in the mid-90's and humid for tonight's big event. Once a year this city goes all out and puts on a huge street dance, blocking off the main street through town for two blocks and it's literally jammed with people. Tonight it'll be jammed with very, very sweaty people, all bumping and grinding to the live music. 

With the temps in mind, I go much more casually than I normally planned on, with just stretchy-waist shorts and a tight t-shirt on. I'm not loaded with muscles but have a great body, if I do say so myself. I work out three or four days a week just to keep fit and keep the fat off. For a guy who's about to turn forty I'd have to say that I look like I'm ten years younger than I really am. 

The last couple of years have been a bit slow for me, sex-wise. After breaking up with my long-time girlfriend over some things she saw on my laptop, things involving men doing crazy things to other men, she bid me a fond farewell, after much yelling and throwing things. I have to say that I'm not that sad to see her go, I've been thinking about men for a few years now after I started working out in the gym and have even done some mild stroking and kissing with a couple of them in the showers. Nothing involving sex or anything like that, but just some innocent fun. I do my own penetration at home, using all sorts of things like vegetables, dildos, buttplugs, etc. I have to say that I have mastered my own asshole and am pretty proud of it. Now, if I could just get up the courage to indulge in some anal sex I'd be a happy man. 

Since I didn't have a "date" for the dance, I just walked the three blocks to the blocked-off area and headed in by myself. Everyone was casually dressed with the majority of the people in shorts because of the heat. I was sweating by the time I got there but once inside of that crowded area I really started to sweat. My t-shirt was tight enough when it was dry but now it was clinging to my torso and was almost invisible, showing off my abs and shoulder muscles that I've worked so hard on the last few years. My stretchy shorts were clinging to my butt cheeks too and as I walked I could feel them tight against my wet cheeks and legs. I can't lie, I was starting to get a bit excited, and that might not be a good thing since I didn't have any underwear on. 

I walked around for a while, drinking a couple of ice-cold beers which definitely hit the spot in that hot, humid weather. I finally saw a couple of guys that I recognized, both were from the gym that I worked out in and one of them was someone that I had been somewhat familiar with in the shower, if you know what I mean. He had a great body and a cock that I always wondered if it would fit up my ass or not, even with all of my stretching and self-fucking that I've done over the last couple of years. I always wanted to let him fuck me in the shower but was always afraid that someone would come in when he was pounding into me, so I've never done it. Actually, I've never had an actual cock in my ass. 

We shook hands and did the "man-hug" thing and when we did that, we maybe got a little too close because my cock rubbed against his crotch and both of us sort of jumped back a bit. His friend, the other guy from the gym, was a super handsome African-American that was built like a drawing of the perfect man. This guy was unreal and I've definitely noticed him in the shower, too. His cock would feel amazing sliding in and out of my ass I've thought to myself more than once. Actually, every time I saw him in the shower I thought that, which caused my own cock to plump up enough that I always had to head to the locker room and get out of there because of the embarrassment. I wouldn't want him to think that I was fantasizing about him if he wasn't into fucking guys; that'd be a bit awkward. We also did the man-hug thing there in the street and I could feel how powerful he was by how he grabbed me around the shoulder and pulled me into him. I could imagine him grabbing my hips like that and pummeling my asshole with his gorgeous, glistening, long cock. The thought of a big, black cock gliding in and out of my white ass really turned me on! 

The three of us talked for quite a while, so long that we didn't seem to even notice that it was really getting dark out, and the street was getting so full of people that they were bumping into us all over the place as they walked by. Every once in a while someone's hand would brush against my butt cheeks and a few times I could have sworn that their hand was cupping my cheeks. It could have been the beers that I had, which were probably too many by that point. I was getting a bit woozy and felt really buzzed. My two gym buddies were also feeling pretty good and once the music started everyone jammed together and it was crazy there with all of us packed together moving to the music and just being caught up in a hot, sweaty crowd of people. I couldn't even really control my movements anymore, it was like a big mosh pit and I was packed against people and they were packed against me like sardines. I started to feel like something was happening to my shorts and felt a hand go up under the leg and start feeling my cock and balls! There's no way I could even turn around to see who it was, especially since someone had their hands on both of my shoulders, holding me so I was looking straight ahead. It was super dark there with only the stage lights so that didn't help matters. I was starting to get the feeling that I was being molested, and I can't lie, I was getting excited. That's always been a fantasy of mine to be taken against my will in public like that and I thought, maybe this is one fantasy that might actually come true, whether I wanted it to or not. 

The hand that was rubbing my cock also started feeling around in-between my sweaty butt cheeks and rubbing against my asshole! That really felt great. Just like we had done in the shower, it had to be my friend from the gym so I went with it and relaxed my asshole so his fingers could really start working their magic. My cock was getting harder by the minute and with only stretchy shorts on it wasn't easy to hide my excitement. I kept bumping into the lady ahead of me who tried to turn around to see what was jamming into her ass cheeks but we were too packed in there and she couldn't even see what was going on behind her. She was an older woman who was a bit on the heavy side but with nice, big, round butt cheeks that protruded out in a really sexy way. I started to want to get between those cheeks. It seemed like she was with someone, a man, probably her husband I figured. The more that the mystery hands behind me fondled and played with my naughty bits, the more my cock stuck out and the more it jammed into the lady's ass ahead of me! Her shorts were loose sweat-type shorts which seemed a bit odd to wear something like that on such a hot day I thought. 

By that point the beer was really taking over and I was feeling like I was floating and was in another world. It was actually a great feeling to be in the middle of this sexy scenario. The fingers behind me started pushing my asshole apart like they were trying to open me up, but my sweaty ass was posing a challenge as their fingers kept slipping and I could feel my cheeks slapping shut again. They kept at it and I felt fingers pushing in and out of my tight asshole and now the leg of my shorts was being raised up even more and felt something on my asshole! It was a cockhead! It was soft but still firm at the same time, just like my own cock and my gym buddy's cock when I've felt his hard on in the shower. I knew it had to be him so I pushed back and the cockhead plopped into my asshole! It was the first time a cock has been in my ass and it felt great! I felt two hands on my hips and I was being pulled back onto that cock, slowly and powerfully, all the way until I felt his balls pressing against my balls. Someone had just pushed their hard cock into my sweaty asshole in public, as far as they could push it in me. 

At the same time this was happening to my asshole, I started rubbing the ass and legs of the lady ahead of me. Not being able to take the pressure anymore I knew that I had to get my cock into her hole before I shot my load of cum on her ass from behind. She seemed to be swaying the more I felt her ass and pretty soon my hands were up her shorts like the guy behind me did a few minutes ago to my ass. She was definitely getting into it because once I sunk my middle finger in her pussy she was soaking wet; and not just sweat, but the slippery sweetness of an excited, middle-aged, heavy-set woman who was enjoying being fondled by a complete stranger in public. I knew that I could slide right into her slippery pussy so I reached down and guided my cock to her pussy opening and rubbed it between her slipperey pussy lips. She started pushing back so I wrapped my arms around her waist and buried my throbbing dick in her hot pussy as far as I could, resting my waist on her gorgeous big ass. Not a soul seemed to notice what was going on and I wondered if this was happening anywhere else at this dark street dance. 

Her silky pussy was so nice and smooth and tight. I was pressing against her sweaty, big buttcheeks like they were pillows and it was the best feeling ever. Or, maybe the cock in my ass was the best feeling; actually it was hard to choose at that point but all I knew was that I was fucking some strange middle-aged woman in a dark street party as someone was fucking his cock into my ass at the same time. We were all crammed together and nobody seemed to notice what was going on! It was crazy, just like what you read about but here I was literally in the middle of this sweaty fuck-sandwich. My asshole was being abused by someone's long, hard cock and I was buried in a lady's pussy ahead of me. The only thing better would be if I could somehow get my cock into her pink asshole. I have been thumbing her tight little 50 year old asshole and it was wet and slippery from both her sweat and her pussy juice and I could only imagine what it would be like to fuck into that sweaty, slippery asshole with those big, luscious butt cheeks wrapped around my cock every time I pulled out. I had to try to get into this lady's puckered opening. 

The cock in my ass was speeding up and then it buried itself deep in my hole and started spurting hot cum deep inside my colon! Some stranger was cumming deep in my asshole at this jam-packed, dark street dance and it felt great! I've always wondered what that would feel like to have someone shoot their hot cum deep in my ass and now I know, I was hooked. There's no way I couldn't experience that again. Well, I wouldn't have to wait long, there was now another cock starting to push its way deep into my ass; a much fatter, longer cock with a slight curve in it. The owner of this fat monster was hitting bottom, pressing his cockhead deep into my little hole and I was wondering if it was the black guy from the gym. It felt like one of those long, curved clown balloons was being crammed up my ass. I didn't even know his name but it had to be him, who else could have such a huge cock? I was being stretched out like I never thought I could be, even with all of the "practice" on myself with putting things in my ass. It felt great. But, I also wanted to feel this big lady's asshole squeezing my cock. 

I didn't have to do much moving to get my cockhead resting on her asshole from my position being jammed behind her in this crowd, especially with both of us standing up. I had to hold onto my cock with my left hand so it didn't bend in half as I pushed hard against her tiny, tiny little asshole until my cockhead plopped in. I couldn't hear if she made a sound or not and nobody would have heard her anyway because of the music and the crowd noise. I just pushed and pushed against her sweet, big, sweaty cheeks and my cock somehow buried itself all the way in her super tight little hot 50-year old asshole. OHHHHHH what a feeling, to paraphrase an old car commercial. It felt so great, so tight, so hot, so sweaty, so slippery, so dirty, so nasty, so perfect. 

The huge cock in my ass was pushing and grinding and moving to the music, like when two people are tight together moving to the music, except this time he was really tight behind me, right into MY tight behind! I didn't get a chance to really fuck that woman's asshole before I just shot my cum deep up her ass! I couldn't help it, it was too exciting to be in this position with a total stranger, or two strangers, or three? I couldn't see who was fucking into me and all I ever saw of her was the back of her head and her big, sweaty ass with my cum oozing out of her shit hole as I pulled my cock out of her ass. I jammed a couple of fingers in her oozing asshole, trying to at least fuck it with something since I shot my load so quickly. It was so hot and tight, and now so gooey and slippery with my cum dripping out of it. I had to fuck that hole again.

She never turned around and her husband obviously never knew anything about it; she really must have been as horny as I was. Or, as horny as the guy behind me was right before he shot a gusher load of hot cum in my ass. He shot so much cum in my ass that there's no way it was all staying in there. I could feel that my shorts were soaking wet with cum, leaking and oozing out of my well-fucked hole and running down the back of my sweaty legs and into my sandals, all over my sweaty bare feet. I wanted someone to lick the cum off of my sweaty bare feet but that wasn't happening with how we were all crammed together like that. 

I never did find out who fucked me and cummed in my ass that night. I was raped and cummed in four times, and I couldn't tell if they were the same two cocks or four different guys. It was a great fantasy come true to be raped in public by strangers and to be filled with hot cum like that. Just to be used as a sex toy and cum depository by strangers was great. The two guys from the gym both denied fucking me when I saw them later that week, but I had a feeling that the huge cock had to be the built guy, there can't be that many huge cocks around like that one. I ended up cumming in that lady's ass twice that night. The second time I had a proper hard fuck in her dirty, cum-filled, big ass and it was the best, most exciting fuck I've ever had. Fucking someone's middle-aged wife in the ass in public; what a fantasy come true. 

We were there for over an hour in that one spot and there's no way any of us could have moved to get out of there, so I just went for it. The feeling of shoving my cock back into her dirty, cum-filled asshole was the best. I wish I could have been able to kneel down and suck my own cum out of her ass and lick her asshole after fucking it and unloading my hot cum into it, but I'll have to save that for another time. I could almost feel my tongue plunging into her dirty tight little hole, making her squirm even more than she was before. I was wishing one of those guys that fucked my ass would have done that to my puckered little hole, too. Next time.. 

I wish this wasn't just a once-a-year event. I'm already looking forward to the next street dance.