 My name is Josh and I was a junior in college. In one of my math classes was a person named Will who sat next to me. We seemed to have some things in common and as math was one of the weaker subjects for both of us, we decided to study together for exams.


I asked Will over to my room one evening. I was wearing only a pair of shorts when I heard a knock on the door of my room. I let Will in. He was tall and had curly, dark hair. I thought he was pretty handsome and he seemed to be quite popular with most of the students. 

We sat down on my bed and started going over some math problems that were assigned to us. Will sat very close to me as he leaned over to check some of my work. Will's knee was touching mine as we studied. I knew it was nothing suggestive on his part, but I felt my cock starting to become erect. If Will noticed it, he didn't say. 

Will then reached over to take a paper from my hand. His hand brushed against my naked chest. That touch felt electric to me. I looked directly into his face. We seemed to be just inches from each other. Will leaned over and kissed me on the mouth. I opened for him and our tongues touched. It went from a gentle kiss to something more passionate.

Before I knew it, Will was all over me, touching my bulge and pushing me back on the bed. I had my hands on his back urging him for more. We sort of wrestled each other. My legs parted and Will crawled in between them. We went at it for some minutes when Will rose up from the bed.

He undid my shorts and pulled them free. My cock was standing proud and tall. Will then removed his shirt and all the rest of his clothes. He was gorgeous as far as I could see. His cock wasn't as big as mine, but it was so thick. He got on top of me again. His erection pressed against my belly.

He was kissing and chewing on my nipples. This always got me red hot. As we wiggled around on the bed, I could feel his cock rubbing along my ass crack. He was getting dangerously close to my hole. I didn't think I was quite ready for that yet. Will must have had other ideas.

The tip of his cock was now pressing against my asshole. Did I really want him to stop? Before I had a chance to tell him otherwise, Will pushed into me. He began working his shaft into my asshole. I was so worked up by now, I couldn't tell him no. Inch by inch he entered me. 

I lifted my legs and pushed them up around his back. Will's cock felt enormous. His thickness was splitting my ass wide open. It hurt and I let him know that. He told me it would get better in a few minutes. He pushed in and backed out. Over and over he fed me that thick member of his. It wasn't too long after that I felt his sacs resting against my asscheeks.

Will was grunting as he fucked my hole. He went slow at first but then soon he was fucking me full force. I have to admit the pain really didn't go away. I was practically screaming as he did me this way. I had never had a man this way before. I had sucked a few cocks, but had never been fucked. Will was my first man this way.

I reached down and put my hands on his ass. I guess I was urging him on. Regardless of the pain, I wanted Will all for myself. Will started to use circling motions to fuck me and to loosen my ass up. I thought I was going to pass out. He rammed me as hard as he could muster. I guess my ass was pretty tight. Will said he was close to cumming. Almost as soon as he said it, I felt a hot rush of his cum flooding my insides. It felt hot and gooey. I wanted everything he could give me. 

Will kept shooting hot geysers of cum into my bowels. Eventually Will spent his entire load into me. He collapsed onto my body and we lay there panting. Will told me he had never done that with a man before. It all seemed to happen so naturally. Both of us had wanted each other. Will pulled out and we kissed for the longest time. It was getting late and Will got dressed and left for the night.

For the next few weeks, all I could think of was my hot lover. We looked at each other during classes, knowing what was to happen later. On the weekends and holidays we both were in bed together. Will made me his fuck slave, if I can use that term. We experimented with every position possible.

Will fucked me on my side, he fucked me doggie style, and we also did my favorite position with me mounting Will's staff and riding his thick pole. Will seemed to have endless reserves of cum. I would milk his cock dry, I thought, and he would still fuck me afterwards and squirt his load deep in my stomach. 

My ass was also being stretched so I could easily take Will's monster cock in me. Will would pound my ass as I was on top of him. He brought his ass up from the bed and bang my ass into submission. My ass muscles would just milk all his hot seed from him. We would do this all weekend long. Most people left for the weekends in my dorm or his. We had free run of the place for the most part.

My parents didn't see me much that semester. On holidays we just stayed in bed all day and fucked. Will and I would perform oral on each other. My cock was always raging hard those days.

One day, Will said he wanted to experience a cock in his ass. I gave him what he wanted that one time. My cock was around seven and one half inches in length. I took my time and took Will's ass from behind. Will was on all fours. I placed the mushroom head of my cock at his opening and pushed. Will was yelling that it hurt, but not to stop for any reason. 

It took nearly an hour to get my whole length inside him. I then fucked him as he wanted. I was rough and hard. My balls were full of seed and I took him three times that day. Each time, my cum was dripping out of his hole as I blew my loads into him. We later finished up in the shower. Will put his hands on the shower wall and bent at the waist.

As the water was pouring over us, I squirted more of my liquid into Will's tight hole. We slept peacefully that evening. 

The semester had come to a close and I went home for the summer. All I could think of those months was getting back to Will's arms. When I arrived at school for my senior year, I looked for Will. I couldn't find him anywhere. I was distraught. I eventually ran into Tom, who was from Will's hometown. Tom told me that Will had decided to transfer to another university out of state.

I never did find out the reasoning for Will's decision. Was it something I did or say? Maybe Will thought there were problems pursuing a love affair with another man, and he wanted to break it off now. Whatever the reason, I was in a funk that last year.

After graduation I found a job and settled into my adult life. I have taken other male lovers but none have ever thrilled or excited me like that one year I spent with Will.