 CAMERON

He knew he was not a good student. He had never been throughout his time in school and especially when he was in high school. Cameron received poor grades from nearly every teacher even though he played sports and had many friends. Sure, he could maintain a solid C-average but not much more than that. But, having maintained above a 2.0 GPA he could still go to some type of continued education institution.

So here he was in a small two year university trying to prove that he could do better and land a better school after he finished up his time here. Doing time sounded about right. He could not even pursue his dream of playing professional sports since the university did not even have an athletic program. 

He had played many sports in high school but he was never good enough to get a scholarship and his low grades certainly did not help him either. He couldn't depend on either one to help him decide what to do with his life. Eighteen years old and already he thought he had so few choices in his life. How did people cope with all these hard choices?

But, he liked to still keep in shape and play football, work out at the gym and play hoops whenever he could get a game. He wanted to change his life so that he could get into a good four year college – one that had a football and basketball program so that he could still salvage his professional sports life.

He lived with his uncle Bob rent free which was one major plus for him. Uncle Bob didn't seem to mind if he had friends over and they could party to some extent without him getting all in a bunch. 

His uncle didn't even mind when his girlfriend, Carla, came over and sometimes stayed overnight. His uncle has never been married but he seemed very happy with the choices he had made in his life.

He was a male nurse at the hospital in town. He did quite well for himself. He owned his house and he bought a new car every three or four years. He dated but until now had not found someone he wanted to share the rest of his life with. 

Cameron was trying to muddle through school and wanted to prove that he could make something of himself even if the odds were not in his favor. His parents had never been to college. Neither of them had professional careers. Dad was a mechanic, self-taught or on-the-job training from one job or another. His Mom was a clerk at Wal-Mart. She had been there for as long as he could remember. She hated her job but said that it paid the bills so she had to keep it for as long as she could.

It seemed as though his parents were always living paycheck to paycheck. They never seemed to get ahead in life and barely were able to save any money. They did scrape up a little bit to help him through school. At least they tried to help him as much as they could.

His parents were never much help for him with his studies when he was in high school. They wanted him to do well but mostly it was through wishful thinking rather than excellent parenting skills.

He loved his parents but he did not want to end up like them. They worked six days a week just to keep the modest home they lived in. They made enough to keep the lights on but there were very few perks at home. Anything he wanted for enjoyment he bought himself. He worked at various jobs throughout high school to buy these things so he took great pleasure in them. I guess when you work hard for things you appreciate them more.

College was just another one of the things that he was going to work hard at and get him a life so that he didn't have to hate every day of his life.

 

CARLA

She had been dating Cameron for about six months and they were very compatible. They shared similar interests– she was only one year older than him and she wanted him badly each day.

Being nineteen, Carla found herself horny all the time. She and Cameron got together as much as they could. When they were together they fucked like bunnies. Well, she didn't know exactly how bunnies fucked but she knew the old saying. She and Cameron would go out to a movie and dinner or go to a friend's house for a party whenever they could. And they would search out places to make out at every opportunity.

Last week they were at his uncle's house watching TV when she reached over and grasped his crotch. It was hard of course. That seemed to be the case whenever they were together. Especially when they were sitting next to each other on the sofa and their bodies were touching.

Cameron's uncle went to bed because he had an early shift in the morning. They wasted no time once he was upstairs. Carla kissed him and ran her fingers through his hair with one hand while the other was busy rubbing his crotch through the thin material of his shorts.

"Carla, you keep that up and we won't be able to stop," Cameron said, even though he knew they both had no intention of stopping until they were both satisfied.

"Who said I wanted to stop anyway. I like to touch your cock and watch it get hard in my hands but you beat me to it. What have you been thinking about while we have been watching TV anyway?" She knew full well what he was thinking about and she smiled a wicked smile to herself.

She unbuttoned and unzipped his shorts and fished out his hard shaft and gave it a few quick kisses on the head. She began to slowly lick as much of his cock as she could reach without him moving to get the damn shorts off. 

After only a couple minutes of this Cameron stopped her and buttoned up his shorts not bothering to zip them up completely, grabbed her by the hand and they rushed to his bedroom. 

His room was on the ground floor so they could be reasonably loud and his uncle would not be bothered by them. Uncle Bob had never said anything so he thought that they were successful in keeping their sexual noises a secret. But really, we are young and he has to know that we are having sex, right?

Once inside his room Cameron shut and locked the door while she went to the bed and removed her clothes except for her thin pink panties and her matching lace bra.

"Ah, there he is. Come to me, boy. Get those clothes off first. I don't want to mess with them right now. I want to get to you and only you as quickly as I can" she purred.

He was completely naked in less than a minute and he joined her on the bed. They hugged and snuggled for a few minutes - occasionally kissing each other on the lips, neck and ears. 

"Okay girl, lose the bra and panties so we can get down to business." He wanted to feel her soft skin against his body. He liked the feel of her. But, he loved the feeling in her! 

Carla took off her bra and set it on the floor beside the bed. She then lifted her butt up off the bed and took her panties off and threw them towards the door where they hooked over the doorknob.

They hugged each other again and then she stopped and pushed him onto his back. Carla giggled and straddled him as she continued kissing him deeply on the mouth. They were mixing their fluids together and she liked that a lot. She started to feel a little wet now since she had taken off her lace panties.

She began kissing him on the neck and then started to slowly descend down his body, kissing and licking him as she went down. She left little wet trails of saliva on his chest as she continued to his nipples. She loved his nipples. They were so sensitive and they were hard all the time. His nipple rings probably had something to do with that but Cameron told her that they were always sensitive and that is why he had them pierced. He liked the extra excitement from the piercings and it lasted all day.

Carla didn't have any piercings but she was thinking about it. With Cameron's brand of logic she thought that she might get her nipples done too. Or, maybe her clit, oh, that would hurt!

Her head was being pushed down and she realized she was daydreaming. She was spending too much time on his nipples and he wanted her to get to the good stuff.

She trailed more kisses down to his belly button and licked the inside of it out with her tongue. She noticed that Cameron was getting a little anxious because he was starting to squirm on the bed. She liked to drive him crazy by being a cock teaser. Onto the task at hand!

She kissed the head of his beautiful fuckpole and licked away the precum that had formed there. She parted her lips and licked the velvety head inserting her tongue into the slit. She then took in about three inches in her throat and then started a nice up and down motion on his cock. She went a little further with each down motion. 

Carla could feel him trying to get more of his dick in her mouth because he would move his butt up off the bed and try to thrust it further. She kept her hand on his dick so she could control how much of him she put in her mouth and when.

She liked having this type of control over her men. She was normally submissive in bed but when she was sucking cock she liked to be the one who called the shots. At least until they shot! 

Sucking him in deeper and deeper Carla had him all the way into her small mouth and tickling the back of her throat in no time at all. She wiggled her nose a little bit as his pubic hair tickled her. She nuzzled into him and continued holding him in the back of her throat until she started to gag. She wanted to gag to get a little more saliva on his cock so she could get a nice fast rhythm going on his dick. She wanted to rub his cock with her hand as she gave him the blowjob – saliva helped with that. 

She took herself all the way off his cock and back down again. She did this over and over again. Faster and faster until she felt his balls start to ascend toward his body. She knew he was close. So close. 

"I am gonna cum, aagh, God, here I cum baby," Cameron yelled. He grabbed her by the ears as he moved her head to the speed and rhythm that he wanted. He was pumping her head up and down now and she was just along for the ride. He's so close now. 

In just a few moments she felt the first spurts of his cum hit the back of her throat and she swallowed it down. The next few shots came much quicker and landed in her mouth and on her tongue. She swallowed it as well. After about half a dozen spurts he dribbled a few drops onto her tongue. These she savored. She loved the taste of him and held the flavor on her tongue for a few seconds before she swallowed that down too.

Cameron was panting on the bed, breathing heavily and looking tired but she knew he was not done yet.

"Oh, man that felt so good. I love it when you swallow my cum baby. It is as if you are swallowing me down whole."

"I aim to please and thank you for the deposit, Sir."

She crawled up the bed to him and gave him a deep passionate kiss. She wanted to share his seed with him and he liked it.

"Oh, babe, now it is my turn to get a taste of what you have to offer, Madam." Cameron said as he got up onto his elbow and kissed her back passionately. He grabbed a hold of her breasts and played with them until her nipples were sticking straight out. 

He got up, bent over her and worked his mouth toward her boobs. She had very nice 32-C tits and they kept him happy. He loved tits. Loved everything about them – the way they looked when she walked and the way they reacted to his touch. He really liked it when she was lying down in front of him like she was now. They fell to the sides and looked even larger against her petite frame. 

Cameron kissed and played with her tits for several minutes until she too started to push him downward. He kissed his way via her belly button licking it on the way down to her pussy. He gave her shaven pussy a couple of quick kisses and then he began nice, long slow licks from bottom to top. Carla began squirming on the bed and he smiled. She arched her back. He licked her several times and then he used his middle finger to rub around between her wet pink folds. He needed to get some of her juices onto her smooth skin so he could enter her easily. 

He used his left hand to open up her cunt lips and then he began to tongue fuck her. He pushed his tongue in as far as it would go, give her a few licks and start it all over again. She liked it. He knew she liked it. Oh, how she loved the feel of his tongue sliding in and out her slippery mons venus.

Inserting his fingers, first one then two, he started to finger fuck her. She was now moaning and writhing on the bed as he continued onwards toward her G-spot. He pointed his first two fingers up and began a nice rubbing motion over her G-spot while he continued to lick her pussy. He would flick his tongue over her clit a couple times and then back to her pussy. 

In a few minutes he knew she was going to cum. She was moaning louder now and she grabbed the back of his head and pushed it into her aromatic cunt. She came suddenly, sending her delicious juices onto his face. He began to lap them up and continued licking her until she became too sensitive and pushed his head away.

"Okay, your dick, now soldier. I want you inside me," she ordered and he was ready to comply. His cock had become rock hard again and he aimed to use it!

He got up onto his knees and then bent down to enter her. He rubbed his dick around her pussy lips for several seconds before she gave him a big sigh. This was her signal for him to get on with it.

He entered her easily because she was so wet. He gave her about four inches and then removed it all the way out of her pussy. He pushed it back in again and removed it. Carla started to make indescribable animal sounds and her head was moving from side to side as she ran her fingernails across his lower back and buttocks.

He continued to fuck her like this - only giving her four or five inches and taking it all out again and leaving only the head inside her tight pussy. He liked to fuck her slowly at first and build her back up again. He wanted to tease her and keep her on edge. He wanted her to be close to an orgasm but not let her have one yet.

Then he would increase his speed and give her all eight inches quickly all at once when she wasn't expecting it. He fucked her for about fifteen minutes like this. He was working up quite a sweat and he was nearing his orgasm too.

Time to switch it up I guess so that I don't come too soon! He removed his cock and looked down at his beautiful girlfriend. She was rosy red from all the excitement and spread out in front of him with her legs splayed out as far as they would go on either side of him. 

He bent his head down to give her pussy another working over with his tongue. He enjoyed the taste of both their love juices mixed together inside her hot wet pussy. She was so wide open to his mouth now that his dick had paved a way for him. 

He used his thumbs to open her up a little further and really got down to licking up her juices while she continued to writhe on the bed.

"Doggy position, please," she whispered to him. He stopped and sat back on his haunches as she jumped up and turned herself over onto all fours. 

She moved one hand to her pussy and started to rub her clit back and forth as he got the lube from beside the bed. She probably did not need it but he liked to make sure he had complete access to go as deeply as possible and lubrication helped with that. 

He rubbed some onto his rock hard fuck pole and then put some on his fingers and began to rub it into her cunt. She took her hand away from her clit and grabbed a pillow to put underneath her. 

"This is my most fav position honey. Let's get to it!"

"Okay baby, I am just about ready to bang you like a snare drum so get ready," Cameron whispered to her as he bent close to her ear.

He gave her his full length with one quick thrust and she let out a small scream of pleasure. Oh yeah, put it in, put it in, go baby go!! He held himself there for a moment and then quickly pulled out and slammed his long hard fuckpole back into her. She continued moaning and screaming as he fucked her hard. As his orgasm neared he left his cock buried deep within her, leaned onto her back and kissed her neck several times. He then leaned back and reached his hands around to her boobs and gave them a few quick tugs. 

Cameron grabbed the back of her hair and pulled her head back as he resumed fucking her. Carla was all over the bed as he rammed into her, hitting her cervix forcefully with each thrust. 

He then pulled out and stood up on the bed so that he could slam into her even deeper. He pulled on her hair and continued fucking her for a couple of minutes until he knew he had passed the point of no return. 

Cameron pulled his cock from her pussy and shot spurt after spurt of his warm thick juicy cum all over her back. He let go of her hair, stroked himself so that he could get every last drop out and then he was done. He rubbed his cream into her sweaty skin as she collapsed onto the bed.

He fell exhausted onto the bed beside her and lay on his back breathing heavily and trying to catch his breath. Carla was also breathing heavily. She turned her head to face him, gave him an exhausted smile and rolled onto her side to cuddle and snuggle into him.

They both fell fast asleep after their escapade fully sated and tired.

 

THE PROFESSOR

Yes, there truly is a professor in this story. Cameron was doing well in almost all of his classes except Algebra. He thought high school Algebra was tough but it was nothing like this. There was no way he could have expected or prepared for this. It was as if they didn't teach him a thing about it in high school because this all seemed totally new to him.

Professor Perkins was an Algebra fanatic. He seemed to live it and he wanted every one of his students to live it too. He knew the subject so well that he would write equations on the board so quickly and then move onto the next one before Cameron even had a chance to look at the previous one. It was very frustrating.

Cameron couldn't afford a tutor. All the other students were as clueless as he was about the subject matter so they were of no help. He needed to figure something out fast or his chances of getting into a better school would be gone.

One day after class the students were all standing up and preparing to leave the auditorium with their normal dejected looks on their faces. Professor Perkins called for Cameron to stay back. He wanted to talk with him in private. Oh great, here it comes. You are failing and there is no way you can pass this course from this point on. You may as well go right back home today. Pack your shit. Cameron hoped he was being overly dramatic.

"Mr. Carlson, how are you doing today?" the professor asked. 

"Please call me Cameron. Everyone else does." He approached him but kept his eyes down to the floor. Cameron was really dreading this talk and was even sorrier that he didn't try harder to avoid getting to this point.

"Is Algebra not your thing, Cameron? Are you overwhelmed right now?" Professor Perkins asked though he surely knew the answer to both questions.

Cameron raised his head and their eyes met. Cameron wanted to let him know that he wouldn't back down even though he sucked at math.

"I just can't seem to get a handle on the class. I have tried to understand it but I just don't get it at all," Cameron said. They continued to stare at one another, their eyes not flinching.

"Well, Cameron, you will need to do something different because you are failing this course." The Professor was the first one to break eye contact as his eyes drifted down Cameron's chest and onto his crotch. Did he just check me out? Cameron wondered.

"I don't know what I can do to get my grades up Professor." Cameron looked at him a little differently now. He was wondering just what the professor had in mind. Although a few ideas were running around inside his brain, none of them were good!

He met Cameron's gaze, looked him right in the eye and said that he had some work that needed to be done in his study. If Cameron could come by his office after classes he would show him what needed doing. In return he would act as a tutor and give additional help on the subject where Cameron was failing.
