 When I was in my early thirties, I was heavily into rock climbing, often taking two or three multi-week climbing trips per year. These were usually done with my regular partner Jim, or another friend, or I'd travel alone.

Most of these trips were to rural areas of the US, where we'd camp under the stars, cook all our own food, and occasionally make a long trip into town every few days for showers and groceries.

It was on one of these trips where my story takes place...

Since I was very young, I'd always been curious about sex with other men, I'd jerked of about it regularly for years, and even though I had a gorgeous girlfriend, and lots of others waiting in the wings, I had finally sucked my first dick. Most of my fantasies revolved around men much older than me, with much bigger dicks, and me being the very submissive cocksucker to them. Very different from my relationship with women, were I was the muscular sex maniac that kept them begging for my cock. In my fantasies, I was the one begging to suck cock. So a few times I managed to meet and get together with older guys who were more than happy to feed me their cocks. It was a lot harder before the advent of the internet.

So all this makes the story a little different than my usual thing. We had been climbing at a remote area for several weeks (although not remote enough for that particular State to allow free camping) and after a few days two young blond boys asked to split our campsite. Since you could have 2 vehicles and 4 tents, it made it cheaper for everyone. They turned out to be great kids, good climbers, and fun to be around. After about a week, we decided to go take showers and grocery shop. We were pretty tired from climbing out in the cold, and a "rest" day usually meant an entire day of fucking around in town.

We went to a local gym, paid a buck or two and got in the shower. Jim and I had seen each other naked dozens of times, and he knew absolutley NOTHING of my craving for cock... Too bad, because his was big, always half hard, and it would have been fun, if he didn't kill me for asking.

One of the boys (Luke) steps into the shower naked. It was a gym style shower, one big room with 20 shower heads. I look up and there's Luke, who looks almost exactly like Jan-Michael Vincent, with a big smile on his face. Not nervous. Just liking what was going on maybe? He was tiny, about 5'2", and his cock was little. Very fucking cute. Petite, just like the kind of girls I like to fuck. Every time I glanced over, he had a big grin on his face, and I can't help but wonder if he's stoked to see two pretty big dicks in front of him. I can't help but wonder if the boy likes dick. And I can't help starting a plan.

About four days later, I complain my finger is tweaked from climbing and I'm going into town for another rest day. It's morning and everyone is sitting in beach chairs getting ready to go climbing. I quietly ask Luke, "Ya wanna go?". He nods yes, and waits for everyone to pack up before he announces "Fuck it, I'm going into town also" Nobody seems to care, so we load up and hit the road. Its about 20 miles to town.

"So." I say to Luke. "Going into town was fun the other day huh?" he was only 19 and it was his first road trip.

"Uh huh" he smiled, crinkly eyed, Jan-Michael Vincent smile. 

"You liked the showering part. You seemed like you enjoyed it" 

He laughed. "You liked looking at our dicks, didn't you?" He smiled again, but said nothing. 

As we neared the town that sprang up out of the desert, I pulled over on one of the many roads leading to an unfinished housing development, and stopped the car. Luke took a deep breath and relaxed into the seat. A confident, sweet young guy. 

"Are you into guys Lucas?" I said looking right at him. 

"Kinda." he said, flipping his hair out of his eyes. 

"Tell me more" I said. 

"Well", he began, "It was just nice being in there with you and Jim, just guys together showering. It felt really comfortable." 

"You were smiling a lot, Lucas. Why?" I asked.

"Well, I just thought it was funny that you and Jim both had such big dicks. It was amazing. I couldn't stop peeking." 

"I noticed." I replied. 

"Why dont you slide over here? I told him. My old pickup had a bench style seat and with my arm around him, anyone driving by would think I was parking with my blonde girlfriend. He seemed relaxed and put his head on my chest. 

"Have you ever sucked a guys dick before, Lucas? I asked, already knowing the answer. 

He nodded yes on my chest, looking up at me with big blue eyes. 

"Tell me about it" I said tersely. My cock was already hard, and I knew the day would end on the plus side for me. 

"Well, I've never told anyone before, so maybe it's good that I do..." I said nothing and let him proceed at his own pace. "I had an older cousin who kind of... made me do it to him." There was a moment of silence between us. 

"He made you suck his dick?" I asked. 

"Um-hmm" he replied. "It went on for a long time while I lived with my cousins... at first I didnt like it, and tried to make him stop. He was older and bigger, and I finally realized I liked doing it. Then I really got into it." 

"Really?" I said. Again he nodded. 

"I liked doing it, he didn't have to ask anymore- in the beginning he forced me to do it but then he didn't need to anymore...I sort of miss that part." He looked at my with pleading eyes... 

"Jesus Christ, I thought to myself. Unbelievable, this kid is asking me to fuck his mouth! 

"Did he ever fuck you?" I asked. 

"No. my Uncle tried but it hurt too much. Then I moved back home and that was all finished. I haven't done it in along long time, but I think about it all the time. I guess my cousin just trained me to love it- I miss sucking his dick, even now. I think the reason I was smiling in the shower is because my cousin would always say "suck my big dick", and then when I saw yours I realized how small his dick actually was, ha ha."

Ha ha indeed.

With that, I assumed my best authoritarian tone and said, "Take my cock out". 

The moment my hard cock was in the open, I gave him what he wanted and pushed his mouth down on it. He moaned, gulped it down, mouth very wet. 

"Ohhh, you do love sucking cock, don't you?" I asked. He moaned a long, heartfelt mmm-hmmm around my dick. I fucked his mouth by pushing his mouth down on it and thrusting my cock in and out. The kid was a fucking pro, and my cock was rock hard, bright red, and soaked with spit in just a few minutes. 

"Stop" I said. His mouth popped off with a whimper, and he looked up questioningly. 

"Don't worry, you're doing very nicely. We're going somewhere".

Within ten minutes we were standing inside the sleaziest motel room I could find. (For some reason, sleazy motel rooms just seem to add something I love to these kind of scenarios. Anyway.) 

Just inside the door, I spun him around to face me, and barked, "Strip and get on your knees" Instantly obedient, I watched his hairless little bod come into view. His penis was almost childlike. He was gorgeous. 

"Now, suck daddy's cock like a good little boy" I urged him. It seemed he needed no urging, training or otherwise. He ravenously licked, kissed and sucked my hard cock, as I leaned back against the peeling motel room door and captured it all on video. Only a few of my dirtiest whore girlfriends could match his cock-sucking zeal, and none could take it as deep. 

Only occasionally did his mouth come off my dick so he could mutter "so big" or "tastes so fucking good" before gobbling it down again. I was starting to develop a genuine attachment to this kid! Eventually, I had him lay on his back on the bed, with his head hanging over the edge. I fed him my shaved nuts, deep fucked his throat, and even put my asshole over his his mouth which he licked and tongued quite nicely. Finally I force fucked his throat and came all over his face, which made it a little hard to shoot video at the same time, but I managed. 

We showered. In the shower he clung to me. Poor little guy, so lonely and deprived. 

He tilted his head up and said softly, "Thank you", before kissing me. The kiss continued, our cocks hard against each other. I wasn't sure what was going on, since I was usually on my knees with the dick in my mouth, and usually not thanked for my efforts. And I was happy with that. But I went ahead and did what I would do if I was making out with any girl in a shower; deep tongue kissing, playing with her/his cheeks and asshole. I even played with his dick a bit but didn't make him come.

We fell asleep on the bed, after continuing our make out session there. I was really getting into this boys smooth body, his almost desperate need for my cock, and oddly, his cute little bubble butt, which I hadn't paid much attention to before our shower.

We both woke up about the same time, cuddled together nude on the bed. As soon as our eyes met, he worked his way down and began a slow, wet, and hot exploration of my cock with his tongue, lips, and mouth. So good. Finally someone who truly loves cock, I daydreamed to myself. Something came over me and I pulled on his hips to bring his ass towards me. He got the idea and brought his left leg over my shoulder so his tiny ass was in my face. His little cock was hard, his little ball-sac tight and covered with light blond hair. But my interest was right in front of me. With women, I loved to eat ass. I've turned dozens of women onto anal sex lovers. I guess at this point I figured Luke wasn't much different. 

He never said he didn't like it when his uncle tried to fuck his ass, just that it hurt too much.

His asshole was as pretty as any girls I'd ever licked- tiny, pink, lightly furred with blond hair. I lovingly licked at his hole, heard him moan and go deeper on my hard cock. Within a short time, his ass was grinding up and down on my tongue, and I'd occasionally stop licking to finger it, stretch it open, slap his little ass, then start licking it again. He tasted so good, and his little hole, while tight, stretched to take as many fingers as I put in. His uncle was obviously a dumb-fuck who didn't know the proper way to break in an ass.

I didn't want to stop, but pushed him gently off of me, saying "I think you're ready now, Lucas"

He pulled his mouth off my dick and breathed "Oh yeah."

"Put your head down and stick that ass up in the air. Show me your asshole" He complied as usual.

"This is what you want isn't it? Daddy's big hard cock fucking you?" I sneered as I stroked the head up and down his ass crack. 

"I want your cock so fucking bad" he panted. "Fuck my asshole nice and good, Daddy. Please?" he whimpered. 

I was so close to blowing my load already with the way he was looking over his shoulder begging me to fuck his ass, it was ridiculous. He was grinding his ass around, up and down, Jesus Christ. 

"Take it then. Push that ass back and show me how much you want this cock!" I held my cock firmly as he slid back onto it. No problem whatsoever. Tighter than fuck. 

"You better start jacking that little penis of yours because I'm gonna come real soon" I hissed. I didn't have to be careful about how I fucked him, I just fucked him how I wanted to. Hard. Deep. Slow. He came with a grunt after a few quick tugs on his pretty little cock. I fucked him for as long as I could which wasn't very long- my hips started jerking back and forth spasmodically after about ten minutes of trying to hold off. With a howl I unloaded deep in his asshole, and collapsed on his back. We hurried to get cleaned up and back to the campsite- we'd been gone long enough to have to make up a story. He sucked me off in the car on the way back. He confided in me that he had always wanted to suck two cocks at the same time.