 If reading gay porn is illegal where you live or if you dislike it try clicking the X in the upper right corner! I own the copyright to all my works. Disrespect that and my lawyer will do very horrible things to you while I watch... 

*

I had agreed earlier to this little roleplay, but now I had butterflies going beserk deep inside my body. I didn't really have a good recollection of how it had come to this, but here I was. 

I was naked, lying down on my stomach. My hands and legs were tied. I must have been blindfolded because I couldn't see a thing, only feel cool air and fabrics against my skin. There was something under my lower stomach, a pillow perhaps, but harder. I felt that my legs were spread wide, but not uncomfortably so, as I tried to move. It was useless though. 

I felt two hands caress my ass and spreading it open. A finger was circling my virgin hole and just seconds later I felt it inside me. It felt strange to have it there, and when a second finger joined it I moaned a little from the pain. 

"Better get used to it," a soft male voice said. "You're in for a lot more than that tonight." 

The fingers were pulled out and I felt relieved. I tried to remember how I had gotten tied up here, in this strange place, but couldn't put all the pieces together. 

A finger was again pushed inside my ass, but this time it was cooler and slippery. It moved in and out of me and was then joined by a second slippery friend. It felt nice and I felt my dick getting harder. The third was painful. 

"Relax." The male voice again. 

I tried to do as he told me to and the fingers inside my ass moved more easily. 

"You like getting fucked by my fingers?"

I moved my head to indicate a yes and heard a soft, quiet laugh. The fingers were pulled out and I felt something else between my cheeks. It too was slippery, but it felt colder. 

"I have something bigger for you." 

The thing stopped on the entrance to my hole without pushing in. I was getting a little nervous and my breathing was getting heavier. I felt it slowly push against my hole. I relaxed, but it was big and wouldn't go in with so little force. Then I felt a little bit of it go in hard and I screamed from the pain. It was still for a heartbeat, and then I felt more and more of it sliding slowly up my ass. It felt huge and I thought it would never stop coming. 

"Almost all of it now..."

When it stopped pushing further in I let a breath out. I realized it must be a dildo he had pushed inside me. 

"We have to do it like this, I'm too big to just fuck you without any preparation. How do you like my little toy?" 

I was getting seriously nervous now. "Little?"

He laughed, apparently this toy of his didn't seem very big to him. He pulled some of the dildo out and then pushed it back in. I couldn't help but make a sound -- it hurt. That didn't stop him from repeating his action however. 

"Your tight ass looks very tempting." As he finished the sentence I felt the dildo being pulled out of me. "I'm gonna have to fuck you soon." Before I knew what had happened he had pushed the dildo back in. I screamed. When I was silent again he started to fuck me with it. 

It hurt at first but I slowly got used to the dildo as it moved inside me. He would change the rhythm and pace every once in a while. He stopped just after I started to meet his strokes with my hips. 

"Good boy," he said as he removed the dildo. "I think it's time to get rid of your virginity now. My dick for one can't wait to be inside you."

I was extremely horny, but anything much larger than that dildo was going to hurt like hell. I begged him not to, but he only slapped me hard on my ass. I felt him position himself, and then I felt the tip of his dick on my hole. I tried to relax my muscles as I felt him push, but as soon as he got the head inside it hurt too much. He didn't seem to care about my screams as he pushed deeper and deeper. His dick was so huge I thought I was going to split in two. It slowly filled me completely. 

When he was all the way in he stayed still there. His mouth was close to my ear and he whispered that he loved how tight I was, that it felt so good to fuck a virgin ass and told me that he would fuck me so hard I forgot my name. 

"You're my bitch now," he said as he started fucking me. He moved slow at first, then picked the pace up. It felt like an eternity before the pain subsided, but when it finally did I noticed his dick was massaging a spot inside me that seemed to send out pure pleasure through my body. I screamed, but not because it hurt, and then I came. 

Through the daze of my orgasm I felt his huge dick pumping in and out of my ass. I felt the pleasure build up inside me again too quick and I came once more, and as the spasms went through my body my ass once more clenched his dick in a tight grip. I was weak and as the orgasms took my strength away all I was aware of was that huge dick fucking me. 

I must have passed out. I was in a dream-like state as I slowly came back to consciousness, but I knew I was being fucked. I was being fucked with slow strokes. 

"Decided to wake up now, huh?" I heard him say as I tried to move. He started fucking me harder until every stroke took my breath away. Then he buried his dick deep inside me and came. His semen felt like hot lava and I screamed. 

I thought it was over, that he was done and that he would release me now. I was wrong. He started fucking me again. This time I begged him to do it harder, to make me come. He didn't disappoint me and I have no idea how many orgasms I had. They just kept coming and I was helpless to do anything to stop them from exploding. 

That's the last I remember.

I woke up much later when the sun was shining in my face. As I moved I noticed that I hurt almost everywhere. The bed I was in was a single bed. The sheets smelled fresh and clean. My hair was wet and when I moved I smelled soap on my skin. I reconized that smell...