 We raced back to the campsite around dark, after making a mad dash through a local grocery store to ad some credibility to why we were gone so long. As it turned out, no one was back from climbing, so when they did return, it was business as usual, cooking outside in the cold, and shooting the shit until bedtime. Me and Lucas sneaked smiles at each other, and when I crawled into my tent I wished he was curled up next to me, his little body smooth, naked, and warm. Just a few hours ago he had sucked my cock twice, and I had licked and fucked his asshole and filled it with cum. I jerked off twice in order to fall asleep.

A few days passed, the routine the same: Wake, minimal food, coffee, climb hard all day, eat, sleep. Always cold. Fingers ruined. The desert, beautiful and unforgiving, like a woman. Planning for the days climbing, coming to agreement as to where to go and what to do... Beneath it all lusting for my beautiful blond boy, jerking off at night. How to make it happen again? I thought maybe we'd exchange numbers down the road, and arrange a "climbing trip" of our own. After three days I was ready to ask him to come home with me when the trip was over.

Another "on" day, and a crew of four or five of us were out climbing. Lucas was up, and though inexperienced, his technique was good. I just wanted to play with his ass again, and could stare at it without being noticed as he climbed above us. I remembered the smell and taste of him when I had licked it. As hot as any girl I'd ass fucked, and he liked it ten times more. 

My friend Jim commented, " He looks good. He's gotten stronger."

"Fuck it," I said to myself. "He sucks a mean cock, too." I said under my breath to Jim, while we sat on a boulder smoking cigarettes.

"Shut up, Moron." Jim laughed.

"I'm serious" I replied with a little more urgency.

"You're a dumb fuck, is what you are. " he shot back.

"Dude."I whispered. "The other day in town, he sucked my dick. Twice. Like a fucking pro. I'm NOT shitting you." I left out the ass fucking part.

"Bullshit" he spat.

"Put money on it. Lets get a room, and we'll see. He'll suck your dick way better than any chick will. He loves sucking cock- look at him, he's kind of a girl anyway."

"Yeah. Yeah, he is." Jim pulled on his cig. "He really did that?"

"I'm telling you."

"I guess I could use a good BJ" He smiled.

"You'll get one" I said.

Two days later I told Lucas I wanted him to take a ride with me into town. He gave me his Jan-Michael Vincent smile and said nothing. We were on. As pre-planned, at the last minute, Jim complained that his fingers hurt and was going into town with us, and jumped into my van as we pulled away. Lucas seemed forlorn but he didn't know that I was about to give him the time of his life. He just thought Jim's presence was going to ruin our day of fun. This time I was equipped; all off my video gear and laptop were charged up. This would be Lucas' film debut. I pulled straight up to the same hotel, hopped out quickly and got a room. Lucas seemed confused and tried to make excuses when I got back

"What's this place?" he lied. "I, uh, thought we were going to go grocery shopping and then get mexican food." He stumbled.

I looked straight at him. "You know why we're here. So does Jim. Just do what I say and you'll have the best time of your life." I said to him.

That smile again. He grabbed the key and raced up the stairs like a little kid.

"Told you." I said to Jim. He just shook his head.

We all piled into the room. Everyone sat while I got my camera ready. Soon I was good to go and started filming. Lucas was bursting with energy, Jim sat back on the sleazy couch just watching, still not really believing, I don't think. I moved the shitty little coffee table so Luke could have center stage in front of Jim. It was an audition of sorts, since Jim wouldn't believe anything until he saw it, and then make up his mind. I was confident; Who doesn't like getting their dick sucked?

"Okay, kid, take off those clothes." I had begun filming and he started removing his clothing, smooth body, little penis, tight little butt all coming into view. He took his time, peeling off the layers he wore to ward off the cold of the desert. Delicious.

"Ready to suck Daddy's cock again?" I asked

"So ready" he breathed

"Show Jim how much you love my dick," I said, and he immediately got on his knees and went to work. 

My dick was out in seconds. He licked it, drooled on it, fucked his mouth on it. Never taking his off the camera, he had my dick rock hard and bright red in seconds. Hot little cocksucker. I filmed as he worked on my dick. It was nice letting Jim see my dick getting sucked; all the years of avoiding looking at each others dicks, and now he was riveted as I face fucked Lucas. Needless to say, I was very hard.

"Jim didn't believe me when I told him you were such a good little cocksucker." I said to Lucas.

"I love sucking cock." Lucas said matter- of- factly before plunging deep again, taking my whole dick into his throat and keeping it there.

Jim was flabbergasted. "Holy shit." he said quietly.

"What do you think, Babe. Wanna suck Jim's dick?" I said to Lucas.

He took his mouth off of my dick, kept stroking it, and said "I would love to suck his big dick, if he wants." He looked over his shoulder and smiled at Jim. "And if daddy wants me to," he added, looking up at me.

The kid was seriously whacked out, but I loved him for it.

"How bout two big cocks at once, you'd be into that, wouldn't you?"

Again he momentarily stopped sucking. "Oh my god, yeah." He moaned onto my dick.

"Jim?" I swung the camera to look at him. "You into it, or what? Best blow-job ever, dude. No one will ever know."

Jim nodded. 

"Go for it kid, go take his cock out and show him what a blow-job is." 

I followed with the camera as Lucas went to where Jim was sitting. 

"On your knees, between his legs" I commanded. I filmed as Lucas slowly pulled Jim's shorts down. His dick popped out, almost fully hard. Lucas and I both giggled.

"Your have such a pretty one" Lucas said to Jim while tugging on it and rubbing it on his face. "I wanted to suck it so bad when we were in the showers." 

He started slow, licking and kissing Jim's rather large mushroom head while playing with his balls and stroking the thick shaft with his other hand. Jim did have a truly beautiful, big, meaty cock. Very smooth, not veiny and gnarly looking like mine. Definitely bigger, though. 

Lucas worked thoroughly, sucking his balls while stroking his cock, taking as much of Jim's dick as he could, letting Jim take control and fuck his mouth, on and on it went, Lucas insatiable and Jim apparently able to hold off from coming for a long, long time.

I jacked off while I shot them, realizing that after all the years of seeing Jim naked, I'd never seen him hard. I was hoping that part three of my plan, unbeknownst to all but me, would come to fruition. I wanted to suck Jim's cock, too. I'd thought about it for years, I'd jacked off about it, but kept my mouth shut because I thought he'd kill me if I ever asked. Things seemed to be loosening up, and watching him fuck little Lucas' mouth had me almost jealous. 

"Let's chill for a minute" I said. "We might as well all be naked." I set the camera down, stripped, Jim took the rest of his clothes off, and I sat next to him on the couch.

I started rolling again, and now Lucas had the two cocks he wanted. He went back and forth between us, sucking and stroking like a maniac. He made loud slurping and panting noises while he sucked our cocks. He must have been really turned on. 

Right when that thought entered my mind, he looked right in the camera and said "This is so fucking hot I'm going crazy." Sure enough, his little 4 inch dick was very hard.

"Argh, God, what a fucking mouth" Groaned Jim as Lucas face fucked himself hard and fast on the thick pole.

"You owe me. HUGE" I laughed. "Why don't we move to the bed" I asked. 

Jim stood up with a groan. Lucas didn't stop sucking, but actually crawled backwards as Jim walked towards the bed, turned around and lay down on it, and inched his way toward the top of the bed, the big- dicked king with a whore attached to his dick. Lucas kept on sucking, breathing through his nose loudly, taking as much of that big cock as he could.

"Take over. Film that little cocksucker working on your dick," I said, as I handed Jim the camera.

Lucas lay on his belly, slurping away, Jim shooting with one hand, and guiding Lu cases head with the other. I wanted Lucas' ass. I wasn't too sure that Jim could deal with me licking out Luke's ass, and I didn't want things to stop, so I got on my knees on the floor by the edge of the bed. I spread Luke's ass apart and squeezed his cheeks. I slapped that little ass until it was bright red. I would periodically spit into my hand that I was jacking my cock with to keep it wet, and spit on my fingers and rubbed Luke's little butt-hole with it, getting it nice and wet. As before, his ass took over, grinding, thrusting, so hungry for dick. 

Luckily Jim was preoccupied with shooting Lucas sucking him. If you've never filmed someone sucking your dick, I highly recommend it. It's a huge turn on.

I stood and placed my throbbing dick head at Lucas' asshole. He immediately pushed backed slowly as I pushed forward and took it in one easy thrust. The combination of tightness and ease of entry amazed me. Like a pro. 

After a few strokes, Luke took his mouth off Jim's big dick and groaned, " Oh fuck, that's so good"

"What?! What the fuck are you guys doing?" Barked Jim

"He's fucking me with his big hard cock," panted Luke. "It's really good" He whined.

"I don't fucking believe this, man" Jim complained.

"C'mon. He's a girl. Treat him like one. He loves it." I tried to explain.

"Its true," Luke said, surprising me. "I love your cocks, you can do anything to me. Fuck me like a little bitch, Daddy, while I suck this big fat cock."

"Oh Jesus," groaned Jim as Luke got back to it. "Whatever. I'M not fucking him though, okay?"

"Don't. Know. What. You're. Missing." I panted. Lucas's ass was a grinding, thrusting machine. No "ouches", no "take it out's" no "too deeps"... The boy was made to be used by men.

I lay down on Lukes back, still grinding slowly into his ass. My face was next his and I could watch him deep-throat nearly all of Jim's big dick. I grabbed his blond hair and pushed his mouth down on it all the way, gagging him with Jim's dick. They both seemed to enjoy that. I did it again and again, choking Luke on Jim's dick, only letting him up when he started to squirm and I could tell he needed air. He was able to stay on it for a long time, even with his nose pinched shut.

Once when I pulled Lucas mouth off Jim's dick, I immediately replaced it with my own, using a much more sensual, slow, and sexy technique than the brutal face fucking Lucas was getting. I didn't know how it was going to work out, but I at least wanted Jim to know I could give a decent blow-job.

His eyes flew open immediately. "You fucker" Jim growled. 

"Should I stop?" I asked, acting innocent, but squeezing the base of his raging hard-on firmly.

"You want my cock, suck it!" he barked. He grabbed my head and began slowly fucking my face. AyLuke moved down to his balls and slurped them into his mouth as best he could. It was like a dream, fucking my new baby's ass, and a magnificent, huge cock in my mouth.

Jim pulled his dick out of my mouth and said "Get down and lick those balls, too." He jacked off, slapped our faces with his dick, and verbally humiliating us while we sucked those big nuts.

"That's it, suck my cock, you pussies. Both of you lick it up and down. Why don't you make out with your little girlfriend while your at it?" he taunted. So we did, french kissing between deep sucks and licks off Jim's huge cock.

Soon Luke and I had our lips wrapped around one side of Jim's dick, as his hips started thrusting uncontrollably. I held a steady deep pace fucking Luke's ass.

"Gonna cum." Jim exhaled. "Fuck. Oh yeah" 

Luke and I tried to keep up with his madly thrusting hips with our tongues, running them up and down the shaft. 

"Open your faggot mouths" he barked, and began to stroke his cock with blinding speed. Within a few seconds, he was spurting thick hot darts of cum on both our faces, in our wide open mouths, everywhere, all of it on film.

We kept licking his cock until it softened, which took a while. We made out with his cum in our mouths and licked off each others faces. Very nice.

"Jim?" I asked

"Now what" he replied, eyes half closed.

"Film me fucking Luke? I'm almost there"

"Fine" he grunted.

Jim got up and moved behind us as I hiked Luke up onto his knees, spreading his cute ass so the camera could see his pink ring stretched around my hard cock. I straddled him sideways, one foot over his shoulder where his face was on the mattress, and one knee between his legs. I kept his ass cheeks stretched apart, and began to speed up my strokes, deeper and harder, til I was fucking the kids ass HARD. To his credit Jim zoomed right in, and even walked around to shoot Lukes expression while I fucked him. 

"Like that pussy boy? Like getting your ass fucked hard?" Jim taunted Luke.

"Love it" Luke panted. "So good. You can fuck me with that big dick anytime you want." He said to Jim while staring right at the camera.

Fuck me harder, Daddy!" He snarled back at me. "Fuck my little ass!" he yelled.

That was all it took. Within a dozen furious strokes, my ass a blur, I rammed hard into his hole and shot more cum than it ever felt like, deep inside him. I forgot all about Jim and started making out with my Luke. He rolled over beneath me without releasing my cock, wrapped his legs around my back and held me tight while we kissed. I don't remember falling asleep, but it was all on film when Jim and I watched it later...

Jim lets me suck his dick regularly now, and he never reciprocates. I prefer it that way, being used to provide pleasure to his huge cock. He especially likes me to suck him off at night while he does the driving on long road trips. It makes me happy that he says he likes the way I suck his dick more than his wife.

I guess I consider Lucas my girlfriend now and we get together a few times a year. Our relationship, with me in the dominant role, grows stronger each time we see one another. I feel very fortunate.