 I have just cum, Allison (my Domme / whore depending upon my requirement) has just finished milking my small, erect dick for all it's worth and I have spurted my creamy load out onto the thick, towel that I am kneeling on in her apartment. She had got me off with an incredibly sexy, huskily whispered, description of how she would sexually dominate my big sister, Julie (a fantasy that is always successful in making me climax).

As mental waves of guilt and revulsion course through me I remain on my knees and Allison gets busy. This is the third time we have done this on my almost once monthly visits to the busty brunette's flat. First she attaches a pair of springy wooden clothes pegs to my nipples (which, as usual I whimper loudly over -- I'm such a wimp to pain). I get a back handed slap across my face for the pathetic noises I made Having just cum there is no arousal to be had from this treatment just now, but that was the whole point of punishing me after I had climaxed. She kicks my thighs apart with her shoes, gleefully making sure to connect solidly with my just emptied ball sack, much to my discomfort, then attached leather bondage shackles to my ankles behind where I am kneel down. Then she places matching leather handcuffs on my wrists behind my back and connects them with the ankle shackles via a small chain that connects to both. Finally she spits on my face before placing the kinky blindfold over my eyes. I am ready. I could still stop this with just one word. If I say it Allison will unbind me and I can leave no problem. That's not what I want though, that's not my fantasy and over the months I have been seeing her we have been trying to experience my various depraved, kinky fantasies.

"You ready worm?" the busty forty something pro sneers.

I nod meekly in response and get a kick to my balls for not speaking.

"Let me hear it bitch, are you ready?"

"Yes Mistress, I'm ready."

"Good because I am ringing him right now and he's waiting in his car outside, when I tell him to he'll come up here and fuck your mouth then piss on you then fuck you in the ass and I'll record the whole thing. Do you want that bitch?"

I nodded then caught myself and gasped out.

"Yes Mistress Allison, I want that."

Of course It wasn't likely to happen. This was all just part of my fantasy. My last two visits we had ran through this same scenario and while Allison had clearly spoken on the phone (to nobody) and there was a knock on her apartment door then it opening (just her herself) when I got the dick in my mouth to suck it was just her plastic strap on before she pushed me over and ass fucked me roughly. I had said to her that this was fine but if she had any other clients who would be up for fulfilling that role I would pay extra as, the forced gay scenario had always aroused me despite being a happily married guy (that also visited a whore regularly!). Allison had been both doubtful and reluctant but was always willing to play along with the fantasy and had said if any other clients showed an interest then "You never know".

So I knelt there in bondage and listened to Allison's acting skills as she spoke on the telephone.

"Hi there lover. Yep, it's set. The worm is in position, tied up and on his knees and desperate to worship your manhood. Wait until you see how tiny and pathetic he is!"

Could I hear a voice answer on the other end? No, just wishful thinking, Allison was probably laughing at me and having a sip of her big glass of red wine and working out how long to wait to make it seem like someone coming from the street up to her second floor flat. I stayed still and felt my skin go to gooseflesh, it was a cool evening and for a brief moment I hoped my wife Kirsty had taken her thicker jacket to the horse riding that evening. Then there was a harsh knocking at the door. Had I heard Allison move before that? She must have moved over to the door really stealthily. Of course being blinded disorientated me but I would swear she was only now moving past me towards the door. Could this be for real? Nah, she was clever and had worked out an even better way of fitting my fantasy, that was why I kept visiting her, she always worked hard to make them come alive for me. When I had wanted domination she leapt into the role, when I had mentioned forced gay fantasises she had encouraged me to tell her. I felt my cock twitch back to life and was a mess of conflicting emotions as I heard the door open and Allison say.

"Come in, come in, he's over there waiting for you."

Was there more than one set of footsteps? Previously, as I had knelt helpless like this I had thought the same and got equally as aroused at the thought of it.

"Mouth open bitch, nice and wide, this a big cock you are about to taste not like that pathetic thing between your legs."

Obediently I stretched my lips and pushed my tongue out, I knew she would not be gentle with her strap on. Then I heard the distinctive noise of a zip being lowered, then clothes dropping to the ground. Again this was new, Allison really was perfecting this scenario or...

My train of thought stopped the instant a thick, hard, stale smelling REAL cock was jammed into my mouth to immediately press against the back of my throat, instantly making me gag. I felt the hard bristle of pubes at my nose and the humiliating slap of balls against my chin as he pounded in and out at a ferocious pace that my mouth had no chance of matching. He was relentless, treating my mouth as a fuck hole and I was so confused how to feel about it. On one hand I was repulsed, this was degrading and humiliating, on the other hand this was my fantasy and I clearly got off on being treated like a shit and there was another indicator.

"Ha. Look at that bitch, you are getting hard again, you love it, sucking cock arouses you! And I've got it all on camera!"

Any attempt I made to respond was wasted as the dick pumped in and out relentlessly before being removed to be smacked hard across my face and chin before plunging back in to choke me with it .The bastard even started nipping my nostrils shut as he plunged in, treating my like a filthy porn slut. But he couldn't last long at that pace and seconds later I felt his cock pulse and spasm then fire a fast spurt of sperm into the back of my throat followed by a second then another before he pulled his dick out and fired a fourth and fifth burst onto my nose and lips. Again I felt humiliated but was unmistakably aroused by what had happened and by the fact that I was kneeling there with a strangers cum dripping off my face and sliding down my gullet and more was to cum!

There was a break, a pause, they left the room and spoke in hushed whispers I could not make out. Allison returned and slid a thick plastic sheet under me. That brought fully into focus what I had wanted next. But surely that had just been a kinky fantasy I could never had expected to happen. She rubbed her hand over my face and scooped up the cum there and pushed her cum coated fingers into my mouth and made me suck them clean then she slapped me and hissed.

"Having fun worm? Well you know what comes next. And you'd better not spill too much because if any gets on my carpet then I am going to make you very fucking sorry."

To emphasise the point her fingers curled around my balls and squeezed and twisted hard. That just got me harder and she slapped my stiffening dick and laughed saying.

"Now lean back and get that tongue as far out as you can."

I waited in that position for ages. I could sense the presence standing over me but he said not one word. The anticipation was terrible and many times I made up my mind to call a halt to this with my safeword, but I didn't. And eventually I fell to levels of debauchery I could never have imagined I would really experience as the stranger pissed into my mouth and fighting back the urge to puke I swallowed as much as I could before the flow overtook me and the piss washed over my face and down my bound body. His last lot was pissed into my hair and I felt as dirty and nasty as I undoubtedly was and knew I could not wait to watch this back on Allison's phone footage Then I was unceremoniously shoved forward, with my hands and ankles tied I could do little but fall forward on my face in the piss on the plastic sheeting. The shackles on my ankles were released and I felt strong, rough hands push my thighs apart from behind. His hand reached forward and grabbed my stiff, little dick and squeezed it and pumped it a little contemptuously before he spat on my ass crack, used a finger to work his saliva into my tight ass and with a Neanderthal like grunt shoved himself forward and rammed his cock into my ass.

I gasped and cried out, it was too much for me, he was too big, too rough. But my cock strained itself at his anal assault. He set a hard pace and pulled at my hair as he buggered me and during that intense pounding my blindfold came off and I blinked my eyes and looked across at Allison who had her phone up and was busily recording my denouement. The man pulled at my hair again then gave a deep guttural grunt and exploded inside my ass, firing his jism deep into my bowels. I collapsed forward and he rolled me over onto my back, my arms still chained behind me and I caught a glimpse of him as he slid up my body and shoved his shrinking, spent dick straight from my ass and into my mouth.

"Clean it shit head", he barked harshly.

Instinctively I obeyed then gave a defeated moan as he leaned back and I looked up to see it was my neighbour Phil Manley.

*

Almost as soon as we had moved into our house in the village we fell afoul of Phil Manley. I say neighbour but he was to the back of us, our back garden backing onto his back garden with a six foot wooden fence between us. His house had always been there whereas ours were new houses and clearly he had been opposed to the planning permission for the houses when they were built and when we moved, on our first night at our new house as we tried to say hello through the planked fence he was outright rude to us. So that didn't sit well with us and when a couple of years later his hedge had reached unreasonable proportions when we asked if he would be trimming it we got a volley of abuse in return so we went to the council and got things down officially. Since then he had glared at us whenever we were in our gardens at the same time.

And now here we were, I had just sucked his cock, let him use me as a toilet and been fucked in the ass by him. In short I had been his personal bitch. I was astounded and just glared up at Phil, he was clearly surprised too but said and did nothing other than smirk at me then grab his clothes and say to Allison he needed to go. She saw him out and to my horror I heard her transfer the film of the action to Phil's phone as they stood at the door. I had agreed beforehand (as part of the fantasy that Allison could film my degradation and could give it to any guy that was involved but had never imagined it would actually happen never mind with someone I knew!

Once he was gone Allison helped me up and freed me and made small talk with me as I cleaned up and got dressed. She seemed pleased to have made my fantasy come true, I didn't have the heart to tell her that I knew Phil.

"So, er, who is he Er, that guy?"

"Oh just one of my regular clients, like you one of the kinkier ones, he likes to be rough and take charge, opposite of you Colin. Sorry the blindfold came off, kinda spoiled the excitement of not knowing who it could have been, eh?"

I nodded distractedly, finished dressing and made my way slowly back to my car.

Once out of Allison's flat I literally staggered down the steps and out onto the street and must have resembled a zombie as I made my way towards where I had parked my car. What on earth had I just done? Acted out a fantasy that should have stayed just that. And then I looked up to see Phil leaning against my car casually smoking a cigarette. Which was another thing Kirsty and I detested about our neighbour, the thick aroma of nicotine that seemed to float over his backyard (we thought he deliberately smoked right at the dividing fence because one day Kirsty had complained about the smell). He saw me coming toward him and flicked the butt of his fag at me, landing at my feet. I didn't know what to say or do so continued towards the driver's door. He slid off the bonnet and moved around to block me. I stood before him but couldn't bring myself to look him in the eye. He stepped right up to me and grabbed my crotch, synching my balls in a death lock.

"This is not over wimp, that film makes good viewing, I wonder what your cunt of a wife would make of it, eh? And I bet she doesn't know about you visiting Allison, does she? No, thought not. I want to see you at my place soon so we can discuss what I should do, take it she's back tonight is she?"

I nodded weakly.

"When is the next time we can count on her being away for a good, long time.

I could have lied but wasn't able to.

"She's got a hen weekend next weekend, one of her mates, they are going to Amsterdam, leave Friday morning and back on the Monday."

"Great, that will do, I will see you in the back garden before then with instructions and you had better obey them, understand?"

Again, I nodded weakly there was little doubt where the power lay between us now. It was going to be an excruciatingly long nine days.

*

I loved my wife, I really did. That might seem hard to believe given my visits to Allison and what my fantasies had led me to do but I did love her, I was just unfortunately addicted to kinkiness with an element of risk. I hated myself after visiting Allison but the truth was I need to speak about these perverted things I discussed with her, they were a release for me but I could never have spoken to Kirsty about them.

Kirsty was so black and white on subjects and there would be little understanding at me visiting a whore (even if I had never had sex with her). Kirsty was like me, 35, and a career woman, tall, brunette with long, sexy hair and a great figure and a no bullshit attitude. Hence why she had crossed paths with Phil Manley and the two clearly did not like each other. I had been slightly less inclined to hate and antagonise him but never really worried about it, it wasn't worth upsetting my wife over. She was working late the Thursday before flying away and I nervously exited the backdoor and moved onto the lawn of my back garden seeing Phil working at the fence. He heard the door close and looked up, through the inch wide slits between the wooden planks. His finger poked through the gap and beckoned me over.

"When does the cunt leave tomorrow?"

"Nine in the morning."

"And when do you finish your work?"

"I'll be back here by six at the latest."

"OK then eight o'clock tomorrow night I want you standing right here wearing nothing but a pair of your wife's sexiest panties."

Before I could reply he had moved away from the fence and back towards his own back door, leaving me floundering as I stood on the grass seemingly incapable of responding or moving except for the very definite stirring at my crotch and the increasing tenting in the trousers I was wearing. And God help me if the first thing I did when I mustered the strength to re-enter my home was to head straight to Kirsty's' underwear drawer and start thinking about which pair of her skimpy panties I should wear. Aaaargh! I hated myself but I was so turned on. I was so engrossed that I nearly didn't hear my wife come home and had to hurriedly shut the drawer and move swiftly through the house to get out to help her in with her stuff. I don't think she suspected anything was amiss so wrapped up was she in her upcoming weekend break.

*

So Kirsty left the next morning, I got a goodbye blowjob the night before that saw me cum like a fountain but I wondered if that was all to do with her oral technique, whatever, it left me awake most of the night wondering just what exactly the weekend would hold for me. After she was gone I considered pulling sickie but decided I'd better not but at work I found myself looking at the clock on the office wall rather too often (even for a Friday!). 

Finally the work day was over and after an interminable commute home I was in our bedroom once again standing over my wife's underwear drawer. I wasn't going to have tea I was so nervous that I thought I would be sick plus given the way Phil had deep throated me from the off at Allison's I figured it might be the smart move. So I stood there and handled Kirsty's delicates and pondered which if any I dare wear. She phoned while I stood there to let me know they had arrived safely at their hotel and were getting ready to go out on the town for the night, she sounded drunk and having fun and I felt a twinge of jealousy that spurred me on to pick up a pair of frilly, pink panties and ease them over my feet and legs and pull them up tightly around my crotch. I felt weird wearing them, embarrassed and ashamed, I had never considered wearing women's clothing before, it wasn't a turn on for me. But from the way my dick was stiffening uncomfortably I was clearly turned on, so I guess it was being made to do it against my will that was the arousing factor that I was going to have to go outside and face my loathsome, bullying neighbour dressed like this.

At least by eight dusk had fallen in my garden but that still didn't embolden me as I stepped out of the back door wearing just those flimsy pink knickers. The feel of the cool evening air all over my skin turned it to pimply goose flesh and I nearly stumbled in my nervousness as I moved across the lawn to stand in exactly the spot Phil had demanded I be in. Only once I was there did I look up and into his back yard, he wasn't there yet but the curtains in his living room were drawn back and his huge television was playing (this was another of Kirsty's annoyance's with our neighbour, his insistence on having his TV playing at all times of day or night and usually a a loud volume, it really was quite disconcerting if we were in our back garden trying to relax). I strained my eyes to see that what was showing on his large screen TV was in fact the recording of my, blindfolded, sucking Phil off at Allison's flat. I watched both horrified and transfixed as the action unfolded, then suddenly there was volume as his back door opened and he appeared in an old jumper, jeans and boots. He was in his fifties a good 15 years older than me and clearly wasn't worrying how scruffy he looked tonight.

He said nothing as he peered through the slat at my attire, bizarrely I hoped he would be pleased by my choice.

"Pull then to one side and let your cock and balls breath, they look a little crushed, crammed in there."

Without offering any argument I did as he said and watched as he proffered a white shoe lace between the planks, it had a very conspicuous slip knot noose at the end toward me.

"Now tie that around your balls."

I could guess what he would do but found myself further aroused by the thought of it and with shaking hands I took the lace noose and fitted it around my testicles and gave it a little pull to make sure it was in place. As soon as it was Phil jerked violently on his end and as it squeezed my nuts he pulled me towards him and right up against the fence. He lifted his hand up and I found my stretched nuts rising uncomfortably as he addressed me.

"This is just a physical representation of where you are with me boy. I have you by the balls and don't you forget it. With your cunt wife away this weekend we are going to play and any other time I decide I want to, understand? If you want to argue then you had better be prepared to tell her how you visit whores, how you dream of sucking cock and being fucked in your ass and to show her our own personal porn video that is showing right now on my big screen. Of course I get the feeling you don't want to argue with what I want, do you, wimp?"
