 The personal ad was from a tall, African-American man who wanted someone to suck his cock. The ad asked for a submissive who knew how to satisfy daddy with a long slow blowjob. He was, 55, 6'-2" and 220 lbs with an 8" thick, cut cock. He would not reciprocate and there would be no other sex. I was intrigued and replied with an e-mail describing myself as 5-11, 185, divorced bi white guy who was a total bottom. I said I would love to worship his cock but would like to do it while being naked and stroking myself. We exchanged a few e-mails and I agreed to go to his hotel room that afternoon.

I was nervous about this, although I was a bit submissive I had never been with anyone who liked to really act the dominant role. I took a deep breath and knocked on his door. He opened it wearing a bathrobe and said, "ah, my cocksucker is here. Come in and get naked, cocksucker." I quickly undressed and when I was done he shed the robe and demanded "on your knees." His cock was semi-hard and about 6" in that state. I did as commanded and he started to slap my face with his cock. It grew harder as he did this while he told me "you will worship my dick, cocksucker. You will swallow my load!"

I took his cock in my hand and began to lick his cockhead. I wrapped my lips around it and ran my tongue all over paying special attention to the underside. He pulled it out of my mouth and slapped me with it again. "Stick your tongue out!" He pulled his cock back and forth against my tongue and then slapped my face with it again. He was making me feel like such a slut and I loved every minute of it.

"Open wide, cocksucker!" I obeyed and he pushed his cock in as far as he could. I began to gag a bit, but I relaxed my throat and was able to handle all of it. He put his hands on my head and began to fuck my face. It was brutal and I began gagging again. That did not stop him. Finally, he did take it out and once again began to slap my face with it. "This cock owns your mouth, slut! Now suck it!" 

I took it in my mouth again and slowly worked my lips down his pole. All the while using my lips and tongue to suck it. I started to fondle his balls and he slapped my hand away. "Lick my balls now, don't touch them!" I obeyed and ran my tongue over them before taking first one and then the other in my mouth to suck. "Back to the cock, cocksucker!" Again, I obeyed and started to caress his cockhead with my lips and tongue. Pre-cum started to ooze out and I savored the taste as I used my tongue to swirl it all around his cockhead. Next, I worked my way down his shaft again until my nose was buried in his pubic hair. Then I slowly worked my way back up. Once again he pulled his cock out. "You love this cock, don't you?" 

"I do love your cock."

"You do love my cock SIR!"

He was showing me who was boss and I was fine with that. I simply wanted to go on worshiping his cock. "Yes, sir, I love your cock, sir!" I took it in my mouth again and resumed massaging the head with my tongue. At this point, I began to stroke my cock. I was excited beyond words with this experience.

"Did I say you could jerk off now, cocksucker?"

"Umm, no."

"No what?"

"No, sir."

"You can do that when you have a mouth full of my cum, understand?"

"Yes, sir." I knew the drill now, he was my master and I must show respect. I would obey because nothing was more important to me than to worship his lovely cock. I resumed sucking while my cock was throbbing and begging me to play with it. But I must obey and so I kept my hands at my side.

He had no intention of allowing me to make him cum too soon. He kept taking his cock out of my mouth and slapping my face. He would demand I suck and lick his balls, which I eagerly did. I was absolutely entranced by the size and taste of his cock. I kept licking and sucking and tasting his precum. Occasionally he would

grab my head and brutally assault my throat with his large cock. Then he would slow it down and pull out and slap my face with his cock. Every time he did that I felt a thrill since it made me feel so slutty and I just loved being a cock slut.

He was slapping my face with his cock and he ordered me to open my mouth. I obeyed instantly. He slapped his cock against my tongue and told me to lick his cock. I was happy to comply. Once more I wrapped my lips around his cock head and began to massage it with my tongue. The taste of precum got stronger and stronger as I worshipped his cock. Finally, he began to face fuck me. I could do nothing but knee and accept the assault on my mouth and throat. It did not take long for him to start shooting strings of cum. He stopped thrusting and demanded that I suck as he shot one string after another down my throat. I eagerly took every bit of his load and began to stroke my own cock since his cum was now in my mouth. My cock burst with cum as I swallowed every drop of my master's seed. I kept sucking long after he had finished to make sure I did not miss a drop. My master pulled his cock out finally and told me I was a good cocksucker. That made me so happy. We parted and unfortunately he has not returned to my city. I fantasize about his cock all the time.