 Author's Note: STOP!!!

If you've read my stories before, you should probably be warned that THIS ONE IS DIFFERENT.

I've had a lot of requests to write a story with a homosexual storyline. This story represents my first attempt to do so. Even so, elements of heterosexuality still crept in (what can I say?), but I gave it an honest shot. If male/male activities are not your thing, you probably won't like this one. Oh well; I'll catch you next time.

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of the author. This story may be freely distributed with this notice attached, as long as no charge is made for it and it isn't changed in any way. If it is archived or displayed, it is done so with the understanding that the author will have unrestricted access to the archive or posting. Additional stories can be found at www.literotica.com. Just go to the Stories section, select Indexed By Author, and look for Bob Peale. While you're at it, check out some of the other great stories posted by other authors! 

Disclaimer: This story is a work fiction. None of the characters or events herein are based on real people, either living or dead. It was produced for the entertainment of ADULTS ONLY, and contains descriptions of explicit sex. If you are not an adult, or if reading stories of a sexual nature upsets you, do not read any further! By reading further, you certify that you have accessed/requested access to this material willfully, and that you are an adult 21 years of age or older. You also certify that you are NOT a city, county, state, or federal law enforcement officer, official of the United States Postal Service, acting in the capacity of a representative of a telecommunications firm, and that, to your knowledge, this material does not offend the standards in your area, nor is it in violation of any of local, state, or federal law. No animals were harmed in the manufacture of this product.

* * * * *

The tension broken and things back to normal, Darren set about the task of learning how to raise a child and tend house. There were very few housewives on his block that he could get pointers from; most of their neighbors belonged to two income households. It took a lot of work, but by the summer he pretty much had things under control. Right around that time, the state started work on the roads in the neighborhood. To be honest, it probably would have come and gone except for the fact that he had to pass the work crews everyday when he took Jessica out for a stroll. At first, it went without incident. He went about his daily routine, and nobody bothered him. Gradually, however, he caught the attention of the workers, who felt compelled to offer comments.

"Hey guys, look at the nanny," someone yelled.

Darren felt his face flush, but said nothing.

"Wonder what it looks like in a skirt," another added laughing.

Darren concentrated on the road ahead. He would not get dragged into this, especially not with his daughter here. He was pissed, but it wasn't worth it, and these guys would be gone soon anyway. 

A few days later, things went to hell. A pipe burst on the same day that Jessica needed to go to the doctor's for a checkup. Since the plumber could only give a range, Cathy took Jessica while Darren waited at home. The plumber came quickly, and by 9:30 everything was done. Cathy reasoned that since she'd already taken the day off, she'd still take Jess to the doctor's and maybe spend some "mother-daughter" time afterward at the park.

All the confusion had caused Darren to miss his run, which he usually did early in the morning to beat the heat. Luckily, it was overcast today, so he figured he might as well squeeze out his run while the girls were gone. Of course, his normal route took him past the guys who had been razzing him for the last few weeks.

"Hey look guys, no baby. Not a very good nanny if you ask me," one of the idiots warbled as he approached.

Deep down, Darren had always had a bit of a complex about being supported by Cathy. To compensate, he'd exercised like a fiend, lifting and running on a schedule that was written in stone. His 6"1' frame was sculpted and muscled to statue-like proportions. There was almost no body fat on him, and every inch of his body was almost textbook perfect. His dark hair was kept short in a military style, more out of efficiency than fashion. He was bigger and broader than most men his side, and most guys avoided hassling him. But not these shitheads.

Today he was in a pair of running shorts and running shoes; he hadn't really expected to meet up with anyone.

He veered onto the sidewalk and jogged in the direction of a lone group of 4 men standing in one of his neighbor's front yards taking a break in the shade of their tree. He stopped in front of the first one, a tall skinny guy with sun bleached hair and leathery skin that looked like he might be in his late forties.

"Listen dickhead," he said hotly, jamming his finger in the scrawny man's chest. "I'm pretty much done with taking shit from you morons."

"Look, pal, we were just having a little fun," the man said softly, grabbing Darren's wrist with a lot more strength than Darren expected. "We didn't mean any harm, did we fellas?"

Darren pulled free and turned to face the others.

"I haven't done a fucking thing to you guys, but you seem to get off breaking my balls. Usually, I let it slide because I've got my little girl with me, but I don't have her with me today," he continued, fixing each one with an icy glare.

Of the remaining three guys, one was several inches shorter than Darren, and not nearly as broad; another was easily 6'5", and looked like he ate people for breakfast; and the third was about the same height as the guy Darren first approached, but was broad, almost as thick as Darren. They were all wearing shit eating grins.

"Aww, she's upset with us guys,' the short one taunted. "Watch it; she might hit us with her purse!"

With lightning speed Darren turned and grabbed the man. He felt a surge of satisfaction as he saw the look of fear spreads across the guys face, only to be replaced quickly with a blinding flash of pain as something warm and blunt crashed down on the back of his head, causing him to drop on all fours.

"Stupid move," rumbled a deep voice somewhere above him. 

"Somebody needs to be taught a lesson," the short one whined. "Take this prick around back."

Darren felt himself pulled to his feet and dragged into the backyard. When he opened his eyes, everything was blurry, the aftereffects of the blow he'd received. He was dropped roughly across a chaise lounge, the type with an adjustable back and a long seat, and straps secured to metal poles that ran the length of the chair. His mind raced, trying to figure out a way out of this. He was about to get his ass kicked around the corner from his own house, and there was nobody here to help him. The owners of this house were both at work, and he hadn't seen anyone on the street when he confronted these goons. Shit!

"Look fellas, maybe this was just a misunderstanding," he began, trying to push himself up off the chair.

"Fuck you!" the short one growled, punching Darren hard in the kidney.

He dropped back down, gasping, trying to fight through the pain. One of the men produced a handful of large plastic ties, the type favored by electricians and other repairmen because they are held in place by a little plastic lock. Tightened, they can't be opened, and they can take an incredible amount of pressure. Usually, the only way to break them is to cut them with a very sharp blade. Two of the guys draped Darren across the back of the chair, his legs stretched out along the seat, while the other two secured his wrists to the arm rests. Finally, his ankles were fastened tightly to the side bars of the lounge, leaving him defenseless. Someone slapped his ass sharply.

That's a good boy," the deep voice rumbled.

The men moved in front of him and quickly stripped off their clothes. With dawning horror, Darren realized what they intended to do.

"Get the fuck out of here!" he screamed. "Help! Help Me! Pleas God, somebody help!"

"I'll shut him up," the tall skinny guy that Darren had first approached said, sliding his soft cock into Darren's mouth. "Look asshole, if you bite me, I swear we'll beat the shit out of you and leave you on this fucking thing for your neighbors to find." 

His cock started to stiffen in Darren's mouth.

"I'll be honest; you don't have to like it, but I guarantee we'll have a good time. I'd suggest you just go with it," he said, moving his cock around in Darren's mouth. "Hey Jimmy, he's got a nice mouth."

"I figured as much," the short one laughed. "I love housewives. They are always so horny, so needy, whether they admit it or not. I bet by the end this guy'll be thanking us for helping him get off." He slapped Darren's ass again. "When's the last time you blew your load, stud?" he asked rhetorically.

Darren didn't even try to answer him with the hardening cock in his mouth. The guy was slowly fucking his face, sliding his cock all the way in, choking him.

"Breathe through your nose and swallow slowly. It'll make it easier."

Darren was determined not to participate. They could abuse him all they want, but he wasn't going to take part in his own debasement. He felt someone grab the side of running his shorts and run something hard up the seam. Given the sudden breeze, he guessed that it had been some sort of blade. After the action was repeated on the other side, his suspicion was confirmed as his running shorts fell away from his body. He hadn't worn a shirt because he didn't expect to be out long, so as soon as his jock strap was cut away he was totally naked and exposed to his captors. He tried to stay still, uncooperative, just wishing for this nightmare to end.

"Hey Jimmy, he's not enjoying this at all," called the guy with his cock in Darren's mouth. Could you give him a hand?" he snorted.

Jimmy stuck his middle finger in his own mouth, getting it wet, and then pressed it against the opening between Darren's ass cheeks. Darren's eyes widened and he tried to protest as Jimmy slowly applied pressure to his finger. Darren clenched his sphincter trying to keep it out, but that actually aided its entry. Once Jimmy had his finger in up to the knuckle he stopped, letting Darren's asshole grip it tightly. He wiggled it, and Darren let out an involuntary moan. Smiling, Jimmy resumed the pressure, until his entire finger was inserted. This time when he wiggled it, Darren arched his back and began to hump the air under him, squeezing his eyes tightly shut as these new and very strange emotions washed over him.

"Fucking look at this, guys!" Jimmy cackled. "Looks like we hit a nerve. Told you; a housewife is a housewife."

Darren's whole body turned crimson in embarrassment, but he couldn't help his reaction. Jimmy was slowly fucking his ass with his finger, pulling his finger all the way out and pushing it back in, wiggling it randomly, until Darren was rock hard. His rigid cock brushed the back of the chaise lounge, making him shudder and grip the finger in his ass tighter. When Jimmy slid a second finger in with the first and began twisting them in a corkscrew-like motion, widening Darren's hole, he gasped, allowing the cock in his mouth to slide in further. Unconsciously he began to suck to the same rhythm as the fingers moving in and out of his ass; he didn't even realize he was doing it until the guy in his mouth groaned and a hot sticky spray of cum splashed across the back of his throat. It had a bitter, salty taste that caused him to gag again, but the cock was so far in his mouth that he had to swallow or risk choking. The guy in his mouth leaned his head back and sighed.

"Damn that was good. Nothing like a virgin, no matter what the hole."

He withdrew his cock slowly, a thin string of cum trailing behind it and spilling over Darren's chin. Darren blinked at the sudden emptiness in his mouth, even as Jimmy increased the tempo in his ass. His balls were swelling, the cum building as he became more and more aroused as a result of the invasion. As Jimmy impossibly worked a third finger in, the tall, bull of a man moved in front of Darren, grabbed his head and stuck his thick cock in his mouth. Again Darren resisted, but this time it was due more to the fact that he was totally consumed by what was going on his ass and couldn't concentrate on anything else.

"Hey Terry, how is he?" Jimmy laughed. 

'Oh shit man, it's the wettest, warmest hole I ever felt," the big man rumbled.

Grabbing Darren's head, he moved it up and down along the length of his cock. As Jimmy continued to finger his ass, Darren showered Terry's cock with small bites, driving the big man out of his mind.

"Oh shit, Jimmy, we gotta switch," Terry moaned. "I don't want to shoot in this fucker's face."

He pulled out of Darren's mouth, leaving him panting audibly, and moved around to his back. Jimmy removed his fingers in one fluid motion and Terry placed the head of his cock in the opening and pushed. As he entered, Darren snapped his head up and his eyes rolled in the back of his head.

"Oh please God no," Darren begged. "I'm not a girl, I'm not gay, I don't fuck guys," he babbled.

"Somebody shut him up," Terry grunted, pushing his cock in further.

The other man, the one who was built like Darren, moved around to the Darren's face and offered his cock, which was thick and short. This time, Darren opened his mouth willingly, giving himself over to the situation. He lapped greedily at the cock, bathing the shaft with his tongue and swallowing it whole in a matter of minutes. He was rewarded for his enthusiasm with a deep roar followed by spurt after spurt of cum in his mouth. He swallowed greedily, totally lost n the hedonism of the moment. Terry could not handle the raw enthusiasm Darren showed, and shot his load deep into Darren's ass so hard it made Darren tense. He shook as the cum filled him, bubbling out as Terry continued to pump, making a wet slurping sound with each stroke.

When the two men were done they both pulled out, and Darren slumped against the lounge. His asshole stung, his mouth had a metallic taste in it from the buckets of cum he'd swallowed, and he felt violated. He also had a raging hard on that crushed painfully against the back of the chair, too weak to hold himself up. He didn't realize that Jimmy was behind him until he grabbed his ass cheeks.

"Don't pass out on us yet there, sweetheart," he said. "I still haven't got my nut off," he added, rubbing his cock along the crack of Darren's ass.

"Please no," Darren begged. "I can't do it again, please don't."

"Now, you don't really mean that, do you,?" Jimmy asked, reaching under and stroking Darren's cock.

Darren shuddered, torn between the feeling of arousal at having his cock touched and the fear of being fucked again. Jimmy placed the head of his cock at the opening of Darren's ass and increased his stroking. Gradually, the undulation of Darren's hips as he thrust to meet the stroking hand forced it into Darren's ass, and they both sucked in air loudly. Of course, before today he'd never had anything in his ass, but Jimmy's cock head felt as big as a fist! Naturally, he couldn't see it, but it felt like it had already filled him to the point of overflow, and it was barely in. 

Steadily, Jimmy pushed forward, moving deeper, and Darren began panting loudly again. Jimmy just kept going, sliding inch after inch of cock into Darren's already abused ass. Finally, he felt Jimmy's pubic hair brush his ass cheeks after what felt like hours, and then he felt Jimmy reverse, slowly withdrawing the huge pole. He repeated the action several times, finally stopping with all but the head removed. Before Darren could catch his breath, Jimmy suddenly rammed his massive cock all the way in, as hard and as fast as he could.

The competing emotions threatened to make Darren's head explode, tearing a scream from him that echoed throughout the backyard. The pain was unbearable; he felt like someone had shoved a telephone pole up his ass, violently splitting him, and tears rolled down his cheeks. Concurrently, the pressure on his cock and the stimulation of his prostate set off an orgasm deep inside him that made his whole body shake. As Jimmy pounded into his ass mercilessly, Darren sprayed wave after wave of cum over the back of the lounge, which collected in a pool on the seat. Both men were drenched in sweat, Jimmy moving like a machine, Darren docilely accepting the punishment. After what seemed an eternity, Jimmy groaned and collapsed across Darren's back, shooting one continuous jet of hot cum deep into Darren.

Jimmy moved first, easing out his massive cock. After the 4 of them got dressed, they cut him loose and left him sprawled across the chair.

"Next time," Jimmy snarled, "we won't be so gentle." The others chuckled. Eventually, Darren pulled himself unsteadily to his feet. He stood bowlegged, like he'd been on a horse for a very long time. Cum dripped out of his red, swollen asshole and onto the patio. His clothes were in tatters, but he didn't care. He was just thankful it was finally over.

He thought maybe it would be a good idea to find another route to take Jessica for a stroll. At least for the next few weeks.

- The End -