 Even though we hadn't met face to face before, our first meeting ended up being at your place. No you weren't naked greeting me at the door, but it wasn't too long before we were exchanging intimacies.

Stepping inside the door, we shook hands and I saw your eyes going up and down me even as you invited me inside. I slipped off my shoes as you closed the door, not so much as a preamble to stripping but there was a small throw rug there and well it seemed a good idea being welcomed into your home.

By the time my eyes returned up to your face, you said I could keep going if I wanted. I suppose it was the first step toward getting me naked and the thought obviously crossed your mind. It didn't take much thought to understand your suggestion and wishing to break the nervous tension I decided to heed your request. I unbuttoned my shirt, and pulled the tails from my pants. As I pulled the arms back your hands reached for my chest and began to caress my nipples. My arms being backward in my shirt, your hands were free to do what they wished. 

Asking me to stop, I stood with my arms back behind me while you continued your exploration of my chest. Soon your one hand drifted downward and gave my crotch a quick gentle squeeze. As nervous as I was it was a bit of a surprise that you still found me already a bit erect, and with just that one squeeze, my cock was now stiffening quickly. Releasing your loving grip your hands went to my belt and began to tug it loose, unbuckling and then tugging it around and free from my pants. Circling around behind me, you held my arms in place as you slid my shirt down off them. Taking my belt you wrapped it around my wrists behind me, twice no three times before engaging the buckle. It wasn't tight by any means but it was the implied bondage that told me what you wanted.

Now you returned to front me and once more put your hands to my chest, tweaking my nipples a bit before lowering your head and taking one in your mouth. As you did your one hand slid behind me and followed the contour of my ass, the second time grabbing it more firmly. Still standing a couple feet inside your door, you returned both hands to my pants, and with a little effort released the button, and then very slowly pulled down my zipper. I could feel my cock pushing out, and then your hands dragging downward, cupping my ass and hips while my pants slipped to my knees. My briefs stretched with my erection now had a small damp spot at the head of my cock, Your fingertips traced the outline of my cock and made me shudder. The damp spot wetting the tip of your finger you raised it up to my lips and my tongue reached out to lick the tip. It was your wetness that I wanted to savor, but I followed your lead without resistance.

Pants at my knees, your hands gripped my hips and teased me by slipping your fingers under the waistband of my briefs. Thinking you were going to release my cock and that I would be standing there naked before you, I moaned softly. You didn't pull them down though, merely slipped a finger inside and circled around brushing tightly against my skin. A bit ticklish, I stuttered in my stance which caused your fingers to slide deeper inside for a moment. The soft "please" that escape my lips caused your smile to broaden and you pushed the rear of my briefs down half off my ass before stopping. You stepped up closer to me and then hugged me with your hands still in my briefs cupping my ass. Feeling your body tight against mine, my cock pressing against your crotch, sensing an harder presence within. You ground your erection into mine and kissed my neck. Your tongue slipped out and grazed upward until your lips were at my ear and asked in a whisper if I was ready.

Ready for anything I moaned a soft yes, hoping you would finish stripping me and release my hands to strip you as well. With that you backed off a bit and gripping my hips once more, you guided me downward to my knees. A bit unsteady with my hands behind me, I swayed and my mouth grazed your crotch. Once settled, you chuckled and took my head in your hands and guided my face back to your crotch, pressing your hardness to my face through your clothing. My mouth, my lips, my tongue tried desperately to engage the silhouette of your cock but the clothing would not permit. Kneeling before you, you slowly removed your own shirt. I rose on my knees so my mouth was just above your waistline and kissed your naked stomach just above your pants. Stretching with my tongue I traced the juncture between your pants and naked flesh across. You moaned and giggled at my efforts.

Your pants had no belt, so when you stepped back out of my reach and unbuttoned them I knew it wouldn't be long before I would see, and taste you. Slowly you unzippered them and parted them in a vee for me to now see your underwear and your own erection released from the confinement of your pants. Moving closer to me I could once more rise and you took my head and buried my face into your crotch, pressing your cock beneath the thin fabric into my lips. I parted my lips and tried once more to engulf my mouth around your cock within. I could feel the head, and my tongue now slid along the swollen shape dampening the cotton. 

My nose pressed into your crotch I could smell your manhood and while your hands weren't holding me as tight to you, they maintained enough guidance to keep me from getting my tongue beneath your waistband as I wanted. Stepping back once more, you looked at me, sensing my wanton desire.. and slid your pants down and stepped completely out of them. Now naked before me less your briefs, showing some dampness from my tongue and some from within, the distinctive bulge capturing my eyes told you what I wanted. Your own hands gently clutched and rubbed your own cock, allowing me to see it move within and wish it was my hands, though still restrained behind me, that were feeling your cock instead of yours.

"Close your eyes" you said softly, and as I did a hundred thoughts raced through my head, of you removing your underwear and bringing your cock to my lips. It was then that I first noticed the music you had playing in the background, the visual smorgasbord now removed, my ears becoming more attune to the surroundings as well. Before I could think any more I felt your still clothed cock brush against my cheek. I turned my head to face it but you removed it just as quickly. Still there was a moist remembrance left on my cheek. Once more I felt this but this time on my other cheek, as you teased me with what I now wanted so badly to feel inside my mouth. 

My mouth groping desperately at your offerring, you laid your hand atop my head and stopped it's movement. Now.. I would gasp as I felt your bare cock touch the front of my lips. Lashing my tongue to lick the head I gathered a portion of your precum from the tip before retracting inside to taste it fully. The head would now flop against my upper cheek, and still holding my head is check, the cockhead pushed up touching my still closed eye socket while your balls brushed against my lips. Reaching out, my tongue lapped at their rounded form, and your hand positioned yourself so I could lick and kiss and gently suck at them even while your cock rubbed along my face.

More precum now wetting my cheek rather well. Our moans once soft and intermittent were now near constant and growing louder. I couldn't hold my eyes closed any longer, wishing to see your cock. Being so close it was hard to see and looking up I could see you alternately looking down at me and closing your eyes in pleasure. Stepping back a bit you maintained your hand atop my head and used your other hand to guide the tip of you cock around the features of my face. Drawing on my face with your moist cum, taunting my lips with your swollen cockhead until my lips parted wide and you couldn't resist any longer. Sliding your cock into my mouth, feeling my lips close around it, hot, wet.. your cock surged and swelled within. Barely fitting, nature caused you to push harder, wanting to penetrate deeper inside but not much more than your cockhead would be swallowed. 

Closing my lips around it, I sucked and licked within.. flicking across your cock slit, circling around the crown of your head. I could feel your hips swaying in and out, knowing you wanted to fuck my mouth now. Passion now peaking, and pure lust taking over.. I slipped my hands from their belted bindings and reaching around, taking your naked ass into my palms and engulfing as mush of your cock as I could, back and forth. I was choking on your cock but still wanted more. My hands reached and grasped the base of your cock, feeling it's girth, pumping the flesh while my other hand caressed and cupped your tightened balls. I sensed you were close to cumming, and your body seemed to be buckling with the action of my mouth, lips, tongue.

Your own hand tried to displace mine stroking your cock while pressing the head in and out of my lips. Groaning a guttural announcement of your impending orgasm.. you pressed forward once more. I could feel your thigh muscles tighten, and your balls drawing up even tighter in your sack. Knowing your were about to spew cum.. I opened wide, and plunged my mouth onto your cock again and again. Your cry of orgasm flooded my ears as your cum launched into me. Trying to swallow the first volley but quickly realizing I could not take it all in, instead I kept sucking you within me and allowed some of your jism to escape from my lips. Some of your cum was slowly dripping down my beard and I felt a large gob drip onto my own leg. Wrapping my hand around, clutching your ass to hold you close so I could suck your cock more I felt your legs quivering. Pushing me back, you fell to your knees and hugged my face to your own chest. Your cock still dripping cum onto my chest and running down into my lap. 

Exhausted by the physical act and the sexual foreplay, we slumped together to the floor. My hand reaching for and gently fondling your cock and balls as we lay there. Your hand now reaching and squeezing my cock. Your pulled down my brief and began to slowly stroke my cock. 

After a few moments of fondling you suggested we go to your bedroom.. and we both rose, hugged, kissed... and walked to your bedroom. Lying down beside each other, you rolled your leg up onto me as I laid on my back. Soon, you had my cock waggling stiff and lying beside me, pumped it harder and harder. Then you climbed up atop me, pressing your cock into mine, each feeling each other's erections. Humping atop me, our had cocks pressing into each other. I spread my legs apart, allowing you to fall within them, and drew my knees up, exposing my cock more to you. Shortly afterward, you drew back with your fucking motion and the tip of your cock dropped down and pushed beneath my cock. Your cockhead wet from our combined pre-cum, it slipped along my balls and the tip parted my ass cheek. The heat of the passion didn't allow for much time to think.. you paused and withdrew back.. I felt your saliva wettened hand swipe my asshole leaving it sopping wet, and then you returned above me. I knew, and you knew.. that you desire to fuck me could only be squelched by trying or a beleaguered moan of no from me. Even two or three times having your cockhead slip over my puckered hole was enough to stir the curiosity within me.. and even more I wanted you to take me.

You slowed yourself and pushed my legs back to give you easier access. Gently you positioned your rock hard cock at my hole several times and prodded at the opening only to slip aside. I knew you were taking great pains to ease into my virgin ass.. but with one breath I urged you to fuck me.. and with the full exhale I felt your cockhead plunge into the opening. It stretched, it twinged in a bit of pain.. and then it pushed in a little bit.. a bit more.. and a bit more until now the head was completely inside. It felt huge and it felt good... past the point of no return, your allowed your passion to rage and I released all apprehension and your cock buried itself inside me. Oh what a feeling.. so filled.. so intimate a connection.. now if you would just..

You started very slow.. shallow thrusts so as not to withdraw back out entirely. I could feel your balls tapping against me. Each thrust felt better and better. My hand slid between us and began to stroke my cock. You were now off the bed, my ass teetering on the edge, my own balls now tightening more with each stroke of my hand, and your cock inside me. Your cock pumping inside me must have added tot eh stimulation because before long I was ready to cum. With a loud groan, I spurted out my cum onto my belly and squeezed my ass around your cock. 

I took my hand and gathered my cum and ladled it below my balls to further lubricate your fucking. It felt so good now I didn't want you to stop.. but your pace quickening now I knew you were going to explode very soon. I relished just what it would feel like to have your cock swell inside me. Barely able to keep my senses, I tried to keep and eye on your face as you thrust harder and harder into me. I wanted to watch your face as you exploded.. but as your cock engorged within me and your stroke became stuttered, I closed my eyes a brief moment and felt your hot cum oozing into my aching ass. 

You held position inside me as long as you could before you pulled your cock out and rolled down alongside me. My ass was burning, aching, feeling ravaged.. and yet somehow wonderful at the same time. The odd sensation of having your cum deep inside me was unbelievable. We laid next to one another for some time, reaching to caress each other.. whispering reactions in each other's ears. You kissed me several times making me feel very warm. Soon we would arise and go to your bathroom for a shower, which would merely rejuvenate and inspire additional sexual adventure.