 Another night rubbing my cock and dreaming of my master. It had been a week since he had taken me and I couldn't get him out of my mind. I was jerking off almost constantly thinking about his black cock in my mouth and ass. All I wanted was his cock, it consumed me. I was shaving all over every other day just hoping against hope he would come over. Afer another week passed I heard a knock on my door. I went to the door smiling, hoping it was my master. It turned out to be a delivery driver with a large box for me. After signing for the box, I set it on the coffee table and tried to figure out who would send me such a large item. I cut the tape and opened the box and found a note on top of some packing foam. The note said, "Slut, put on every item in this box and then call me at the listed number below." As I began to take items out of the box I got more and more excited and horny. There were crotchless pantyhose, a silky thong, a latex top, thigh-high latex boots, and long latex gloves. I slowly dressed in this sexy outfit and could not control my hard cock or my feelings, I was so turned on right then. After I was dressed I grabbed the phone and called the number.

"Hello slut." came my master's voice from the phone.

"Hello Master." I replied.

"Get on your knees and wait for me bitch!" he said.

"Yes, Master," I replied, trembling.

An hour later the door opened and there he was. He was wearing only a bathrobe and carried a sports bag. He walked over to me tossing his bag on the couch and said "Kiss my feet bitch". I leaned down and began kissing his feet. I loved the feeling of his rough flesh on my lips. Lookinig down at me he laughed and told me what a slut I was for him. He grabbed my hair and pulled me up into his crotch and said "Kiss my cock bitch, you know you want to." I began kissing his cock and loving it. He reached down and held my head as he placed the tip of his cock in my mouth and told me to just hold it there. Suddenly a hot acrid liquid began streaming into my mouth and I realized he was pissing. I moaned and began to swallow his hot piss. I kept on drinking his piss until the stream finally stopped. He pulled me up to him and kissed my lips making me melt into his arms. After what seemed like forever but was really only a minute or so he pushed me away and said to me "Now you are my toilet slut as well, aren't you bitch?"

"Yes, Master," I whispered to him, unable to help myself.

"Whenever I have to piss I will come over and use my toilet, do you understand slut?" He asked.

"I understand Master," I said with a shiver.

"Now, take off my robe bitch." He demanded.

I reached out for his belt and untied it from his ample belly. Slowly I pushed his robe off his shoulders, almost passing out from the sheer excitement of knowing how much control he had of me. I pulled off his robe and stared at his nakedness. His hard cock and large belly made me weak from desire, especially after two weeks without him. I realized as I stared at him that I wanted to be worshipping his body all the time. I could not stop staring at his hairy black body with his cock jutting out as if to point at me. I looked up and noticed a small grin on his face as he watched me stare at him. "Can't help yourself, can you bitch?" He asked.

"No Master." I replied.

"Good slut." He said.

"Now, get on your knees and lick my balls you bitch." he said.

"Yes Master," I replied, dropping to my knees.

I ran my tongue over his balls, moaning and whimpering in submission. My tongue made his ballsack shiny and wet. Slowly, my tongue worked it's way up to his hard cock. God, it felt so good to taste his cock again. I placed my mouth over his cock and began sucking it and tonguing it. As I licked and sucked his cock, I could not stop moaning into his sweaty, musky crotch. The smell and heat were making me crazy with lust. I knew he would come soon and could not wait to feel his thick, hot cum fill my mouth, but he had other plans for me as he grabbed my head and pulled it out of his crotch. He started to jerk his cock while backing away from me a few inches so I could not reach him with my mouth. Jerking his cock faster and faster he told me to stand up. Suddenly, I heard him gasp and his cock started to twitch. Coming closer to me he started to shoot load after load all over my boots. It looked so sexy and hot. Looking down I could see his hot cum all over my boots. "Rub it into those boots, bitch." He said. I rubbed the hot cum into my boots and loved the feel of my hands on my boots. As I rubbed the cum into my boots my master came over to me and whispered into my ear "You will always have my cum with you now bitch." I moaned and kissed him unable to help myself from touching my cock in that thong. He kissed me back and then pulled away and said, "Do you want me to fuck you slut?"

"Oh god yes , Master, please fuck me, please fuck me!" I begged.

He pulled my face into his crotch and told me to make his cock hard. I licked and sucked his cock cleaning him and making him hard.....      

to be continued?