 The next morning I woke up and got out of bed.  Chris had already gone to the shower so I went to my mirror to see what I looked like.  I really shouldn’t have been surprised when I saw that my face was covered with dried cum.  

I grabbed my shower towel off a hook on the back of our door, used it to dry rub the cum off my cheeks and lips and then wrapped it around my waist. 

I was about to head to the shower when the door opened and Chris walked back into our room. He shut the door and immediately threw off his towel.   He turned to me, his fat cock bouncing from thigh to thigh in the way that only a big cock can, folded his arms across his chest and grinned.    My what a lucky guy to have such a big cock I thought.  

I didn’t even pretend not to stare as I was so completely taken in by Chris’s fat cock -- with its big mushroom head and a large vein running down the middle. It was so magnificent looking, so huge.  Oh, how I wanted it between my lips.  My mouth began to water.

I dropped to my knees, closed my eyes and opened my mouth as wide as I could – hoping Chris would step forward and stuff his fat cock down my throat.  But Chris did nothing.  So, I undid my towel and let it slide down over my smooth ass onto my legs behind me – leaving me completely naked, completely vulnerable before him.   I closed my eyes, and again opened my mouth wide and waited for him to fill the void between my lips with his thick cock.  

But instead feeding me his cock, Chris began to yell at me.

 “What the hell are you doing?” he said.

 “What the hell’s wrong with you?” he went on in an even louder voice.

“But I thought, after all that happened last night that this is how you would want me to act.”  I said nearly in tears.  Chris just stared down at me smiling – his arms crossed in front of his chest and his big cock arching out in front of him.  Suddenly, there was a knock at the door.

“What’s going on in there?” came older and familiar voice.

It was the House Master, Mr. Cummings, making his normal morning rounds to see that everyone was up.

“Everything is fine here, Mr. Cummings” Chris replied.  “Just a little morning rough housing.”

“Ok, well, get yourselves together, the morning meeting begins in just 15 minutes” he said and then went on with his rounds.

“You heard the man,” Chris said with a smirk on his face “get yourself together.  And stop looking at my cock and get off your knees - gay boy” he said as he held his massive member in his thick hand and shook it just inches away from my face.  And if you don’t get off your knees and out of my sight right now, I’m going to tell everyone that you tried to suck my dick this morning” he said.

Still on my knees my mind began to race, I felt dizzy, what was going on?  Could it have all been just a dream - sucking my roommate’s cock last night? Oh God, no what have I done?  But what about the cum on my face – it must have come from him, unless, unless… could I have I have had a wet dream and smeared my own cum on my face?

I looked up – Chris was still standing in front of me smiling.  Panic overtook me and I got up off the floor and raced out the door down the hall to the showers.  Comments from others in the bathroom about my red knees didn’t even faze me, as I just wanted to get behind the shower curtain and cry.  

The rest of the day seemed to go ok and I only vaguely paid attention to Chris’s gay friends who whispered to each other, looked at me, and then laughed when I walked by as I went from class to class.  My mind was too preoccupied with all that happened that morning and I was really worried about what Chris was going to be like when I returned to the room that evening.

I let out a big sigh of relief to when I got back to the room after dinner and found it empty.  Good, I thought to myself, at least I can start my studies and if my luck holds out, get into bed with lights out with not too much interaction with my roommate.

Quickly I changed out of my tight day pants, threw off my shoes and socks, unbuttoned my shirt and threw it into a pile of dirty cloths in my closet.  I took off my briefs and put on a fresh tight white pair of jockey thong underwear and pulled on sweat pants and a sweatshirt.

I had only been at work at my desk a few minutes when the door opened and Chris walked into the room.  He threw his books onto his bed and immediately began to strip down until he had no clothes on at all.  I tried to keep my eyes on my studies but couldn’t help but steal a glance at his body with its huge member hanging between his legs.  A drop of saliva fell onto the book I was reading – Christ, I thought, I’m drooling for this guy’s cock.  Chris must have seen this or at least known that I was looking at him because he whispered “slut” before going to his closet to put on a robe.

Chris usually liked to do his reading assignments lying on his bed and tonight was no different except that he was wearing a terry cloth robe that only went half way down his thighs when standing.  And as soon as he got on the bed, well, his beautiful cock and balls were almost immediately in view.  He made a half-hearted attempt to cover them as he began reading.

My mind went completely into a fog, I couldn’t study, and all I could think about was his cock and how much I wanted to suck it and have it fill my slut mouth with sperm.  I felt totally out of control as my hand slipped down my sweat pants and began massaging my balls and stroking my cock.  In no time I could tell that Chris knew what I was up too because he parted his robe and began to stroke his fat cock.

Then Chris got up from the bed, closed his robe and walked over to me.  Oh no, I thought, it was a trick, now here I am with my pants down and my hand on my cock.

Chris stopped at my desk and looked down at me and smiled.  I didn’t know what to do – my eyes gazed at the robe that was not doing to good a job of covering his big cock, but then I remembered what happened this morning, so I quickly looked away.

“Its ok sissy boy.”  Chris said

“You can look at my cock if you want – and I know you want to because you love seeing the thing that made you into a cock loving whore last night” he went on.

“But this morning you said..” I stammered.

“I was just fucking with you, just to make sure you knew who was in charge here.” Chris said.

That jerk, I thought.  He turns me into a cock loving whore last night, plays mind games with me this morning and now this – I didn’t know what was going to happen next – but Chris did.

Chris moved his right hand down and parted his robe so that his cock and balls we now completely in my view.  The sight of his immense package mesmerized me.  His fat cock was semi-hard now and sticking out towards me but was bent slightly down toward the end.  I stared and unconsciously licked my swelling lips at his beautiful cock.  It was at least nine inches long and had a nice patch of untrimmed pubic hair at the top base - but everything else was clean-shaven, so, it seemed even bigger and more delicious to me.

“Take off your clothes,” he commanded. 

I quickly stood up and pulled off my sweatshirt and sweatpants and stood before him – with my body just a couple of inches from his cock.

“Well, look at this, you’re wearing panties.”

“No, there not.”  I shot back.

“Well, maybe, technically speaking, there not, but the only people I know that wear thong underwear are girls – and girls wear panties,” Chris said as he smacked by bare left ass with his hand.

“Now take them off and on your knees slut” he commanded.

I did as was told and Chris moved closer to me until his cock was less than an inch from my face.  My mouth was watering; I wanted his cock so bad now.  He took his cock in his hand and began to rub it over my face and then my lips.  I tried to get it into my mouth but he pulled it away and then slapped me in the face with his other hand.

“I didn’t say you could suck my cock yet whore,” Chris said in a stern voice.

“I’m sorry,” I said as my eyes began to well up with tears.

“You sissy” Chris said. “You start crying at just the slightest thing.  Now wipe your tears and start sucking my cock.”

I did as was told, then leaned forward, opened my mouth and started to suck his massive cock.  My mouth worked its way up and down his shaft but instead of feeling wonderful, I felt like such a dirty whore and the tears began flow down my cheeks while his cock gorged my mouth.

“Oh crying again sissy girl,” Chris said and he slapped me in the face again.

I pulled my mouth off his cock and threw my head into my hands and started to sob uncontrollably.  What have I done to my self, I thought – just a day ago I was a straight average guy and now I was a cock sucking whore. 

Chris just laughed at me.  “You’re a disgrace – I don’t know why your parents raised you as a boy when you’re such sissy.  If I were them, I would have had you wearing girls panties from day one and by now I’d probably have you completely transformed into a girl.”

Then he leaned down almost face to face with me and said “look here you little slut, let’s make a few things clear.  One your life as a straight guy ended last night.  Two your new life as cock sucking sissy boy/girl is just beginning.  And three, your going to suck my cock right now.”

My mind said that I hated him but my rock hard cock said that I loved what he was doing to me.  But it seemed wrong, everything that I had done last night and now – sucking cock.  No one knew I had except Chris, of course.  I could stop right now.  I’ll show this bastard, I thought to myself.

“You’re not going to make me,” I said defiantly.  “What happened last night was a mistake.  I’m going back to my normal life and you’re not going to force me to be anything I don’t want to be.”

And with that, I attacked Chris – rising up from my knees, pushing my shoulder into his stomach and driving him against the closet door next to my desk.  I started to punch and swing at him wildly.

“You jerk, I’ll teach you who’s in charge,” I yelled as I continued to throw my fists at him.

Chris was stunned at first by my attack and covered his face with his arms against my blows.  However, I soon realized that I was not hurting him at all and worse than that I could hear him laughing as I continued to throw my punches.

“Who do you think you’re kidding?” he said as he pushed himself off the ground with his back against the closet door.  He grabbed each of my slim wrists with his huge hands and held them high over my head and lifted me off the ground. My rebellion was over.

“Enough playing around sissy.” 

Chris let go of my wrists and grabbed my balls and cock with his right hand and squeezed hard.  I winced in pain and was about strike out again at him when I found myself being dragged by Chris – my balls and cock like a rope – to his closet.  He reached in side to a shelf and pulled out rope, a dildo and some k-y jelly, and then led me back to my desk.

Still holding my package in his hand, Chris put the wide bottom end of the dildo on the chair.  He pushed down hard on it so its suction base was firmly planted on the seat and then let go of my cock and balls so you could put some lube on the head.  The dildo was probably about eight inches long, pretty thick and about as realistic as it could be with fake veins and a rubbery texture.

“Now sissy boy,” Chris said to me.  “Put your arms over my shoulders.”

I did as I was told and lay my arms over his strong broad shoulders.  As soon as I had done this, Chris grabbed me with both of his arms and lifted me up against him and held me tight.   I wrapped my legs around his waist – like it was second nature. Each one of his huge hands firmly grasped my ass cheeks – squeezing and massaging them.  It turned me on so – causing my little cock to get even harder – and made me feel so weak and in his control.

Slowly he worked his hands down to my pussy hole and started to stretch it – pulling it wider and wider apart.  Chris continued to dilate my hole with his thick fingers as he turned around and moved forward toward the chair until I was positioned directly above the dildo.

I whimpered meekly to him, “Please don’t Chris, I promise I’ll be your slut but please don’t fuck me with that big dildo.  Please don’t do this to me.”

Chris just laughed and lowered me down onto it.  I cried out in pain at first and said “no” but he would have none of my protests and continued to force me down until I was completely seated on the chair with this huge dildo up my ass.  I went limp – my arms, my legs -- the fake cock that Chris had impaled into my body had incapacitated my whole body.

“And you don’t want this,” Chris said mockingly.  “Who are you kidding – I mean look at you, you’re practically in ecstasy – you love it.”   He was right, I was – I had never felt any thing so good in my life as having my hole filled, as it was now, with cock  – even if it was fake one.

As I sat immobilized by this dildo, Chris grabbed the rope and tied my wrists to the arms of the chair and my ankles to the legs.  He went back to his closet and returned with a black plastic ring and pushed it into my mouth so it was forced open and formed a perfect O for sucking cock.  

Once more he went back to his closet but this time he came back with a video camera.  And he immediately began filming me.

“This is my roommate David,” Chris said – he was narrating the film.  “Just yesterday he thought he was a normal straight guy, but in just twenty-four hours I’ve turned him into what was anyway – a cock-sucking, cum loving whore.  Isn’t that true David?”

I shook my head from side to side to make it clear that my answer was no.  

“Oh really, well we’ll just see about that,” Chris said as he walked forward and lifted his huge cock into my mouth.  I tried to say “no” but the ring prevented anything coming out of my mouth other than “mmmmmmm.”

“There you go ladies and gentlemen, a born cock sucker.  Listen how he moaned when I put my cock into his mouth,” Chris said to the audience that would someday see this film.

Chris continued to move his massive cock in and out of my mouth – occasionally pushing it all the way in – pushing past my gag point – and all the way down my throat.

“Look at that – he can even deep throat,” Chris said as he lowered the video camera down to my face so that there was no question in the minds of the audience that his fat cock was completely inside of me.

The face fucking went on and on for at least thirty minutes.  In and out Chris would go again, again and again.  Then he would push his thick cock out against each cheek – first the left and then the right.  He did this over and over pushing them out farther, loosening them, and stretching them until it hurt.

“This bitch is going to have some nice stretch marks on her face when I’m done.  And let me tell you folks, its going to be plainly obvious to everyone how she got them,” Chris said to the future viewers of my first video.  I wondered if he meant that the pressing of his mushroom head against my cheeks was going to leave permanent marks.

Near the end of my face fucking Chris put the video camera down on desk facing me so he could put his hands behind my head and ram his huge cock in and out of my mouth.  This abuse went on for about five minutes – in and out, in and out.  And with each thrust, I gazed up at him more and more intensely; he was so strong and had such a huge powerful cock - while I was just a weak sissy.  

As Chris continued to thrust his beautiful cock in and out of my mouth, I began, as best I could, to slurp and suck it loudly.

“Oh yea, you little whore, slurp and suck my big cock” Chris said.

And I did.  I wanted to make it clear to him that I loved, that I worshiped his cock.  I met each thrust of his cock with my mouth – pushing down so I could take the full length of the shaft – feeling his huge semen filled balls against my chin.  Oh, how I hoped he would cum soon and fill my mouth with his sperm.   But then suddenly Chris pulled his cock out of my mouth.  I leaned forward to try to take it back in but he slapped me on the face and said, “Remember who’s in charge here slut.”  And I did and I looked down towards the floor to let him know I was submitting to him.

“Now that’s they way you should act David, like a submissive slut,” he said.

As I looked down I saw that Chris was untying my wrists and ankles and when he finished he grabbed me around my chest and lifted me off the chair and the dildo that had be fucking me.  

 I did as I was told put my knees on the seat of the chair, my ass facing Chris and his cock, and the rest of me hanging over the back of the chair.  He pulled off my sweat pants that were still around my ankles so that he could have complete access to my pussy hole.  To make me more of slut, to humiliate me more, he took off my sweat shirt so I was completely naked on my chair, waiting for his cock.

I felt him move closer to my and his huge cock rubbing between my cheeks but he didn’t put it in me right away.  First he slid one of his fat fingers in my pussy hole to loosen me up.  It felt good and I moaned when he did this – and moaned even more when a second and third finger were pushed inside.

He moved his fingers in and out again and again and soon my body, my ass, my hole where in rhythm with them, pushing back against each thrust of his fingers.

“Boy, you are a real slut, I can’t wait to fuck you with my cock,” Chris said, his breathing getting quicker.

“Mmmm…,” I almost purred back.  “I can’t wait, please fuck me, treat me like I’m your whore,” I went on as my rhythm against his fingers got faster. 

“You have no idea what a whore I’m going to make you into David, you have no idea.”  And then he pulled his fingers from my hole and said; “Now its time to have your cherry popped sissy girl.” 

And with that Chris pushed his big mushroom head cock into my wet hole.  I let out a moan a first and then I yelled in pain as the fat head of his cock push by the tight muscle ring at the beginning of my pussy hole.  Chris just continued to push his cock into me.  I hoped that the pain would subside but it only got worse.

“Please stop Chris, it hurts,” I begged.  Chris’s only reply was to push further into my hole.

“Really, I’m not joking, it hurts,” I said again, this time looking back at him in the hope he would stop.  But Chris would have none of my pleading.

“Shut up you, you little sissy girl,” he said as he slapped my face.  “And keep your face forward.”

I turned forward, the red print of his hand clearly visible on my face and let the tear begin to fall down my cheeks.

“That’s right, go ahead and cry sissy, it doesn’t make a difference, I’m going to fuck you good anyway – and before you know it, you’ll be moaning just like a girl.”

Chris continued moving his cock into my pussy hole, and with each inch I felt as if I was being pried open.

“Almost there,” Chris told me.  And then with one final push he shoved that last few inches into me until I could feel his big balls and pubic patch up against my ass.  He just let it sit in me for a few moments, occasionally twitching his cock up inside of me. This brief pause allowed the walls of my pussy hole to adjust to him and get used to the new ruler of my life – his cock.

I felt under his complete control - his huge cock shoved all the way up my ass.  What could I do?  I was impaled.  Then he began to slide out and then back in – it still hurt but not so bad as before – maybe my hole was going numb – I don’t know.  But after a few more good long strokes I found myself starting to love the fucking his was giving me.

“Uhhh, mmmm…uhhhh,”  I moaned as Chris continued to fuck me.
