 I swallowed all of his come trying not to gag too much. He pulled me up to my feet and placed his lips on mine again, making me even hornier...

As his lips kissed mine, my body pushed against his. I could not believe how horny I was for this man. He pulled my head away from his and looked into my eyes with a knowing smile.

"From now on you are my bitch, do you understand?" He asked.

"Yes Master," I replied, knowing it was the truth.

"I want you to be completely shaven when I come back, slut," He commanded.

"All over , Master?" I asked.

"Yes, bitch, you are my slave and will be shaven and wearing panties at all times," He said to me grinning.

Pulling up his shorts, he grabbed my panty-covered cock one more time and said, "I will be back in an hour or so bitch, so be ready for me by then."

"Yes Master," was all I could say or wanted to say.

He walked out of my apartment, whistling. I went to the bathroom to begin showering, figuring it would take a while to shave oof all my hair since I am a fairly hairy man. As I got out of my robe and panties, I realized my cock was still hard and ready. Getting under the warm rain of water, I began to think about how to get all the hair off my body. Little did I know how hard it was going to end up to be. After 45 minutes or so of shaving with my razor I realized I would have to get Nair or something similar for the next time. I got out of the shower and dried myself off. I knew I didn't have much time so I grabbed a pair of light blue bikini panties and put them on. I decided just to wear panties and show my new master that I was all his. A few minutes later I heard a knock on my door. My cock tingled as I went to go see who it was. Looking through the peephole I saw it was my master so I opened the door.

"Hello again my little slut," he said.

Reaching out he touched my full panties and rubbed them slowly up and down. Standing there in the doorway with this old black man feeling me up made me feel so weak and helpless. This dominant man was slowly but surely making me a slut for his amusement. I noticed another neighbor trying to see what was going on in my doorway but, oddly enough, I didn't care what he saw, I just wanted more of this man in front of me. He pushed me into the apartment and closed the door while kissing me and tonguing into my mouth. Once inside, he pushed me to my knees and forced my face into the crotch of his running shorts.

"That's it slut, smell my cock, feel my cock, rub against my cock," he stated.

I couldn't help myself, I rubbed my face in his crotch like an animal, I wanted him, needed him, and I couldn't stop it. Now that my deepest fantasy was becoming reality, the feelings this man brought out were overwhelming me with sensations. I can't decribe how much I wanted him to control me and use me. I continued to rub my face against him until he pushed my face back from his shorts.

"Pull down my shorts, slut," he commanded.

I pulled down his shorts and saw that his cock was wet with pre-cum and almost completely rigid. Without any coaxing I bent to his cock and began licking and kissing it with my lips and tongue. The taste of his cock and feel of his cock were intoxicating to me. I literally felt waves of feelings through my body as I tasted his cock. I could not stop licking and kissing his beautiful cock.

"That's it slut, give yourself to my cock," my master said.

"You will learn to love my cock bitch," master said, "Your life will be for my cock's pleasure, slave."

"Yes Master," I said to him

He reached down and held my hair as he pushed my face into his crotch forcefully. Slowly he pulled me upwards, stopping when my lips were kissing his belly and licking it like a madman. He held my face on his belly as I kissed and licked him, moaning into his hot skin. He pulled me up some more and I discovered his hard nipples. I sucked them into my mouth loving his hot sweaty taste. He then pulled me upright so he could once again possess my lips with his. 

"Get down on all fours slut, I am going to take your ass now!" he commanded.

He pulled down my panties and pushed me to the floor. Reaching down to his shorts he grabbed a tube of lubrication from his shorts and applied it liberally to his cock. He rubbed his fingers across my ass and wiped some lube onto it. Feeling his fingers on my ass makes me weak with anticipation. Slowly his hot cock slides across my ass teasing me with it's hardness. Suddenly the head of his cock is pushing against my hole. At first it is just pressure but then all of a sudden a burst of pain as it slides into my ass, stretching it out. The pain causes my cock to wilt as he holds his cock just inside my ass. Slowly he pushes it further into me and the pain is reduced as the head passes further into my waiting asshole. Ever so slowly his cock is pushed into me until I feel his balls on me. Holding his cock all the way in me, he reaches down and tweaks my nipples, causing my cock to begin twitching. As he begins to slide out of me, I realize my cock is hard again and that this is starting to feel so very good.

"Do you want more, slut?" He asked.

Surprising myself, I say to him, "Yes I do Master".

"Here goes then bitch," He said, sliding his cock all the way back in quickly.

I gasp as the feeling of his cock filling my ass shoots through me. Sliding in and out of my ass, his cock feels so good.

"Fuck me Master, fuck me," I moan to him unable to help myself. 

I can't believe how good this feels. I love his cock in my ass. I push back into him, trying to get even more of his cock into me. My cock swells and all of a sudden a giant orgasm sweeps over me. The come feels as though it's being pushed out of me by his cock in my ass. I spray come on the carpet below me at least 4 or more times. Weakened, I fall to the floor, unable to hold myself up anymore. He picks me up and leans my body over the arm of the couch. His cock once again slides into my hole. I can feel his cock swelling as his thrusts become quicker and rougher.

"Take my come, slut, take it," He yells.

"Oh god, oh god, aaaaaaaaaa," He moans as his hot come fills my ass.

His come is so hot inside of me. I am surprised I can feel his come inside me. His cock slides out of my ass as he backs away from me and I begin to feel a warm wetness down my legs. I am laying across the arm of the couch feeling like a ragdoll, with absolutely no energy. He moves around to get in front of me and rubs his cock on my lips. The scent of his cock is unbelievable, a combination of come, sweat, and ass. I begin to lick and suck his cock, knowing that he wants me to clean it for him. The taste is salty and sour but I can't help but be aroused by this. Knowing his cock has been in my ass just makes cleaning his cock more arousing to me. The submission to him somehow makes me feel more at ease with him and myself. Sucking his cock as clean as I can get it gives me a sense of satisfaction. He pulls up his shorts and tells me, "slut, you and I are going to have some very good times together".

With that he walks out the door, leaving me to wonder when he will be back. I hope it's soon, very soon. I feel so empty without him. 

to be continued?