 The following story is fictional (this includes names as well), and it happens to be my first, so feedback will be greatly appreciated. My idea was to set up the scenario as quickly as possible. I hope that this story gets you hot.



The name is Max. I'm nineteen years old, and I feel ashamed that I'm still a virgin. That was until I met him, and my life took a U turn.......and I never looked back after that.

Working out at the gym five times a week, I see new faces every so often, but none of them ever give more than a nod or hello. That was until I met him. It was a Tuesday, so that meant cardio. I took to the treadmill, and had worked up a solid pace through 5-6 minutes of running, when I saw him walk in the door. He looked extremely fit, but not bulky, my best guess would tell me that he was around 26-27 years old, and he looked like he was from India. To my surprise he got onto the treadmill next to mine and started at a faster pace. He looked over at me and smiled, and right then I knew that something about this man was different; he had an odd enchantment about him.

"Hi, I'm Vincent" he said extending his hand for a sideways shake.

"Max, it's nice to meet you."

"You come here often?" he asked.

"Five times a week." (I always wondered how it felt to be asked that....... the feeling is kind of cheap)

"Are you new to this city?" I asked.

"Yeah, actually I just moved into one of those big houses on Edward Street a week and a half ago. It's all paid for."

"How did you manage that?"

"I won the lottery......9 million clams".

"Wow! Lucky you..... I guess you're set for life then, unless you develop a serious drug habit and piss it all away (laughing)."

"Ha ha..... fat chance......... but if you play your cards right, I might let you borrow a handsome amount (winks)."

"You're just pulling my leg aren't you?"

"Maybe, maybe not, but I think it would be in your best interest to become my friend huh? So what do you say we go back to my place after this workout, and chill, hang out, do whatever....after you've gone home and showered first of course."

"Sure, that sounds cool." I said without any hesitation.

I didn't feel awkward, accepting such an invitation so quickly. Vincent seemed very warm, and welcoming, and it was a golden opportunity to make a new friend since I only had 2 (Richey, and James), and hadn't made any plans with them today. Vincent and I talked until we were finished, then he gave me his address, and said he'd see me in a bit.

It didn't hit me until I was back at my apartment in the shower, it was then that I realized that this man had asked me to come back to his place almost immediately. We hadn't even been talking for a minute, and he practically asked me to be his friend. I pondered this for a little while, but eventually shrugged it off, remembering how friendly he was....I'm too trustworthy sometimes. 

On the drive over to Vincent's house, the same thought came crawling back into my mind. I'd talked to this man for less than a minute and he implied that he wanted to be friends. Once again I shrugged it off. It was making me nervous, and I didn't want to be.....I wanted to be smooth, welcoming, and witty...... I wanted to make a new friend.

***********************************

14 Edward st......I rang the doorbell, and it was very deep sounding. Shortly after, Vincent opened the door, he had a big smile on his face.

"Hey there! Come on in..... I'll get us some drinks, what do you fancy?"

"Water is fine thanks".

"Make yourself comfortable in the living room, I'll be back with our drinks".

I sat down on the black leather couch, staring up at the very tall ceiling; it had to be at least 20 feet. The walls were beige colored and there was a large fish tank beside a large screen television, maybe not the best place for it. My eyes returned to the ceiling until I heard Vincent coming. 

"Water for you.....and Pineapple juice for me." ( I found that to be a peculiar choice)

Vincent downed his drink while he sat down beside me, and I took a sip of the water. He asked me what I liked to do for fun, if I had any other friends, what kind of job I worked at, even where I see myself in five years. I answered these questions as calm and cool as I could, and my answers seemed to satisfy him, but what he asked next, took me by surprise.

"Are you a virgin?"

"That's kind of a personal question Vincent."

"It's only personal if you have something to hide....so you are?"

"Uh yeah." I said, now feeling a little vulnerable.

"And you're how old?"

"Nineteen." I said timidly.

"Geez, I figure someone as handsome as you would have no problem finding a girlfriend, or someone for just casual sex."

This made me blush, and I was starting to feel very nervous. I had no idea where this was headed...why was he asking me this.

"So......have you ever fantasized about having sex with other guys?"

I nearly choked on my water; I couldn't believe what he had just asked me. It was at this point where I was about to get up and leave, but for some reason I stayed, something stopped me, and kept me glued to the couch. Something about Vincent was so oddly charming, I figured I might as well answer the question, it's not like anything was going to happen anyways.

"No I haven't."

"I'm not going to dance around the point Max......I find you very attractive, and I want to have some fun with you. In fact, that's the reason I invited you over here...... I know you'll be up to it."

"I'm not gay." I said sharply, as my heart started beating at a rapid pace. I couldn't believe this was happening, and although I could have got up and left at any time, I stayed. I stayed and continued to humor him. A part of me was saying that this was all just a big joke, and that Vincent was just fucking with me, but oddly, I didn't want that to be the case, maybe I did want to have some with him.

While I was lost in my thoughts, Vincent got up off the couch. Standing about 3 feet away from me, he undid his belt, and took off his pants. His voice then snapped me out of my thoughts.

"Do you like what you see?"

I looked at the bulge inside of his blue boxers. It was absolutely huge, and he wasn't even hard yet. I became instantly entranced, while my own cock started to get hard. This all seemed so surreal, I was getting turned on by another guy and I liked it. 

"It's 7.8 inches uncut." He said somewhat smugly.

"Come over here and touch it....you know you want to."

I heard what he said, but I didn't move. I was paralyzed on the couch, staring at his huge cock. Seeing that I wasn't going to move, Vincent walked over to me until his massive tool was inches from my face.

"Touch it!" He demanded, practically shouting at me.

I did what he said. My hand glided up and down his shaft.....my cock was now completely hard inside my shorts. I massaged his balls as well, they felt quite large.

Vincent's cock was now fully erect, and I was dying to get a taste of it. I was amazed at how little I cared that I was touching another man's cock, and actually enjoying it. Maybe I was gay...... I mean why would a straight guy enjoy such a thing. I was now completely comfortable with this, and nothing ever felt more right. This man's cock was amazing, and I hadn't even seen it yet, it was still inside his boxers.

"Get on your knees and kiss it like a good boy." He said sharply. His voice was becoming more dominant with every demand, and I couldn't help but feel like his little slut, even though I hadn't even tasted him yet. I got on my knees without hesitation, but when I tried to pull his boxers down, he forced my hand away.

"Not yet, kiss it from the outside."

I did as I was told. I kissed it all over, it was so hard, and smelled so good. I was in heaven, and I still hadn't even tasted his bare cock. I kissed his balls from the outside, I kissed his shaft, his head, and below his scrotum. Then came the moment I had been waiting for. Vincent stopped me, took off his boxers, and started waving his huge cock in front of my face. He then grabbed the back of my head and started slapping my face with it....slapping it all over, I couldn't take it anymore... I needed to suck his huge cock.

"Are you ready to suck my big cock Max?" He said suavely, while slapping my face with his giant tool.

"Yes Vincent! I want it in my mouth so badly."

"Start sucking baby."

I wasted no time. I took his cock halfway down my throat, sucking at a steady pace, getting it wet but not sloppy because I wanted to attempt to deep throat him eventually. I licked his balls all over, sucking both of them passionately, then one at a time, then both in my mouth again. I ran my tongue from the base of the shaft to the head of the cock repeatedly. I swirled my tongue around the head, and then took half his length like before. His cock tasted so good, I could hardly believe it, and he was moaning every so often, so I knew he was enjoying it.

"Try to deep throat it baby." He said.

I tried without hesitation, getting about 6 inches of it in, but I coughed because of a tickle in the back of my throat. The cock slipped out of my mouth, along with a trail of saliva that dripped onto the floor.

"Almost baby.....common, you can get it this time!"

I took a deep breath to ready myself, then I slowly fed the cock deep into my throat, and to my surprise I took the whole thing. I was glad that Vincent was clean shaven or else my nose would have gotten a tickle. He moaned and grabbed the back of my head, holding it in place.

"Hold it there baby....don't move...DON'T MOVE! Ahhhhhhhhh yessss."

I held it for about 8 seconds before I choked a little and let the cock slip out of my mouth again. 

"You're really good at this baby. You like sucking my cock don't you?"

"More than anything Vincent." I said happily.

"We'll see about that." He said in a curious tone. Vincent put both of his hands back on my head, and started to fuck my face. Slow at first, then faster and faster until he was fucking my mouth like a pussy. This man, this stranger who I just met this morning was face fucking me with his huge cock, and I didn't even care. I didn't care if it made me gay, or that I liked it so much. I was being completely used by him, and I loved it. This continued for at least 2 minutes, and then I went back to sucking his cock slowly, and I started to work on his balls a little more....swirling my tongue around them when they were both in my mouth, looking Vincent in the eyes every so often to assure that I was doing a good job.

I then started to lick his shaft up and down, when he stopped me, and started jacking his cock with his hand. He looked like he was getting close.

"I'm going to cum in your mouth baby......OK?"

"Oh please...I want your cum so bad"

"But before I do, I'm going to give you a choice. You can spit it out, and if you do, we'll just be friends, and forget this ever happened. I won't tell my buddies how much you like to suck cock, and you will never be allowed to suck it again. Or... you can swallow it, but if you choose to swallow my cum, that means that you accept me as your master and I own you. You will become my personal sex slave, you will submit yourself to me and my cock, and your life outside of work will be dedicated to pleasing my desires....do you understand?

"Yes Vincent, but for how long? How long will I be your slave?"

"I'm afraid I can't answer that....I've given you your options....you have to make a choice. Now....put your head back and open your mouth." 

Vincent put his left hand on the top of my head to hold it in place.

"Don't move...uhhhahhhhh, I'm gonna cum! Look at me!"

As soon as he said that, and our eyes locked, he shot his first blast of warm cum into my mouth. The second it hit my tongue I knew I was going to swallow it, and become his slave...all I wanted was this man and his amazing cock, nothing else mattered. He shot at least 8 or 9 more spurts after that, all very huge. My mouth had so much cum in it, it was about to overflow.

"Now what's it going to be Max? Spit or swallow? Ha ha, you want to swallow my cum don't you.....yeah I know you do. Nod your head like a good little slut."

I nodded my head carefully with my mouth still open, not wanting his cum to spill out. 

"Ok baby.....look me in the eyes when you swallow it, it's time to fulfill your destiny as my slave.......swallow my cum!"

With that order, I fixed my eyes on Vincent's, took a big gulp, and swallowed his warm cum. I expected the worst, but to my surprise it tasted really good. Sweet, and almost sugary, and Vincent had a smug smile on his face. 

"Tastes good doesn't it....the pineapple juice helps. Well.....now that you are my slave, and I own you, there are some rules that you must obey at all times...Oh I almost forgot, you need a new name since you're my slut, you need a girly name.....Michelle! That is your name now. Do you like your new name Michelle?"

"Yes Vincent."

As soon as I said that, he slapped me in the face very hard.

"As far as you're concerned, that name no longer exists! Do you understand? From now on you will always address me as Master, and you will only speak when spoken to, or if I give you permission, is that clear Michelle?"

"Yes Master." I said holding my face.

"Good. Now, back to the rules. You will do what I say, when I say, how I say. This pertains to sex, and your life outside of work. Do you understand?"

"Yes Master."

"Excellent. I suggest that you live it up tonight with your friends. Tomorrow you are going to sever all ties you have with them. I am your only friend now...understand?

I wanted to plead otherwise, but I knew my master would slap me again, so I said what he wanted to hear.

"Yes Master."

"Good, now....suck what cum might be left, out of my cock, and lick me clean."

I did as he asked.....there was a little bit left inside the slit of his head, it wasn't as warm as the cum I'd swallowed earlier, but it tasted just as good.

"Now....before you leave, tell me what you are!"

"I'm your slut. I'm your cock sucking whore, and whenever you ask, I will come to you on my knees and suck your delicious cock."

"What is your purpose slut?"

"To service, and submit to you and your cock, you own me, I am your slave."

"That's right. Now give your friend a kiss goodbye and get out of my house, I have no more use for you today."

With that, I kissed my masters big cock right on the head. My lips smacked as they left his tool. My master then grabbed his boxers and pants and walked away down the hall. Before he was out of sight, he turned around and looked at me.

"I almost forgot Michelle.......write down your phone number on the whiteboard"....I looked around for it.

"It's on the fridge."

"Yes Master."

I walked into the kitchen which was right next to the living room and 

wrote down my number. Then I put my shoes on, and left the house.

On the drive home my mind was racing with thoughts of what had just transpired. What surprised me the most was that they were all happy thoughts. I was happy that I was now a cock sucking whore, I was happy that I had a master, and I was happy that he had and would continue to have his way with me, as I fulfilled my destiny as his slut.

*****************************

That night I called up Richey and James, and we went out to the Salt Lounge for a few beers. Although there was a lot I wanted to say to them, since I had to cut my ties with them tomorrow, I kept my chat to a minimum. My mind was too much focused on what had happened earlier. When we parted ways, which would be for the last time, I hugged both of them. They laughed and thought nothing of it, assuming that I was probably a little drunk. Somehow I knew that I would never see the two of them again

Lying in bed that night, my mind continued to wander over the events that had transpired. I figured I should have been ashamed and angry at myself, but I could only feel happiness. My master had me in his trance, and I was looking forward to serving him and submitting to him. I hade made a new friend, that was for sure.

To be continued..................