 "Let me introduce myself, I'm Bob and I'm a 60 year old married man with grown children. I love my wife and our sexlife is certainly healthy." — that's the story of my life. At least that's what most people know of my life...

So why am I sharing my story? Sounds to me when I look at that sentence that my story is already told... a good and satisfying story.

In some ways I wish that were true. I've spent my adult life pushing hard against desires that have relentlessly pressed me into the position I now find myself. Alas, I feel powerless against this lifelong struggle.

Months ago, in a moment of weakness, I signed onto a senior dating site for the "bi-curious." Honestly that's what I was. I was curious. 

For years I've fantasized about bringing another man into the relationship with my wife and I. I've dreamed of another man pleasuring her as I watched and fondled them. Or I've pictured her giving him head as I watched closely. I've dreamed of tenderly filling her with my cream as she swallowed his semen, followed by a passionate and delicious kiss. I began to imagine entertaining her by giving him blowjobs while she played with herself...or I dream of her taking his beautiful cock out of her mouth, pointing it at my mouth and encouraging me to take him. Ohhhh...that was the dream!

But of course that is JUST a dream. Of course she'll never be a party to such decadent behavior.

So I logged onto the site and created an account. I began cruising the bios of other members, looking for others that may be in a similar situation. After a month or so of logging on — and then deleting the app, only to reload it a few days later— I met Marty in a chat room.

We were the same age and similar in lifestyle and physical appearance. We exchanged dick pics and eventually full facial and body pictures. We chatted on line for hours at a time. We really shared a kindred spirit. He was definitely what I've been desiring. We made plans to meet.

He lived about 10 miles from me. Close enough to sneak away and meet, but enough distance that we would probably not share mutual friends. Discretion was imperative.

We met at a waterfront park where there were lots of people and we wouldn't look out of place as we talked and watched the people and boats move about. As time went on though I sensed we were starting to fall for each other. We both knew now that we were meant to explore our desires together. I noticed a young mother playing in the sand with her daughter. She looked up at me knowingly and smiled kindly. It was time to go.

Marty and I walked to my car and parted with a hug. A slightly uncomfortable hug, but a hug I'll never forget. It caused me to cum just a little. Marty gave my ass a little squeeze as we parted. I was softly smiling euphorically as I drove away. I felt I'd finally found the man that would satisfy my curiosity.

Unfortunately our timing didn't work out at that time. We were unable to meet discreetly due to my family obligations and in the fall he and his wife headed south for the winter. We continued to share emails for a while but eventually our flame went cool. 

I searched diligently for another match like Marty but my search was in vain. Time went by and I was back where I started, married but curious.

One beautiful morning in May of the next year I awoke to a new message from Marty. He was back for the summer and wanted to rekindle our flame. We emailed back and forth for hours that morning and decided to meet at his house the next Sunday morning while his wife was at her quilting club. I spent the better part of three days with an almost constant woody in my pants.

Sunday morning came and I awoke at daybreak. Our date was at 9:00 so I still had a few nervous hours to wait. My wife and son left early to visit friends while I "stayed home to work."

They were out the door at 7:30 and I was in the tub cleaning every nook and cranny of my body! My excitement level was off the charts. I emailed Marty from the tub with a pic of my raging hard-on. He emailed back immediately saying the coast was clear.

I got out of the tub, pulled on my best g-string thong, took a viagra — just in case (I'm 60 you know...) Slacks and a dress shirt and down the road I went, both literally and figuratively 😉

15 long minutes later I was at a strange front door, knocking on my future. When Marty opened the door I couldn't help myself. I took him by the shoulders and began to pull him close. Marty however, took control and pulled me forcefully into his home so he could shut the door before commencing our passionate embrace. 

We held each other tightly for what seemed like forever. We moved and adjusted the physical contact. I felt his chest against mine, then the skin of our necks made contact. He was not feminine and neither am I so this was a fresh sensation for both of us. I moved my thigh against his crotch. I felt his firmness. He did the same and we began to dry hump like teenagers.

I stepped back and began to undress him. I pulled his shirt off and exposed his gray hair covered chest. It was beautiful to me at that moment. I'd never before seen the beauty in a man's chest before, but here I was, drinking it in! I lowered my mouth to his nipple. I licked it with the tip of my tongue. Marty let out a quiet gasp. I continued to lick and he pulled my head against his chest. I took his nipple in my mouth and suckled. He moaned in pleasure. I continued to suckle and lick, occasionally taking his nipple between my teeth as Marty began to thrust his pelvis against my thigh. 

I grasped his cock through his jeans as I suckled his other nipple. I loved the feeling of his hardness. I'd been dreaming of the moment I could get my hands on another man's cock for as long as I could remember. The moment was now!

I gently squeezed and stroked Marty's hardness painting a mental picture of him in my mind as I explored his length and girth. I wanted so to see him, to smell and to taste him. Soon I moved my hands to Marty's belt and unfastened his pants. I knelt down on my knees in front of him, his engorged organ just inches from my face now. I slowly lowered his zipper and peeled his pants to his knees. I paused, staring at the shape of his cock in his black boxer/briefs...it was seven or eight inches long and pointing towards his left knee. The shape of his cockhead was pronounced and had created a large damp spot. I leaned in and put my mouth around the head of Marty's cock. I licked through the fabric of his shorts hoping to get a taste of him. As I tenderly pulled him into my mouth with my teeth i pulled his pants the rest of the way down to the floor. I felt his spongy head through the fabric as he stepped out of his pants and kicked them to the side. I unbuttoned and tore off my own shirt with Marty's cock still in my teeth. I moved my hands to the backs of his thighs and ran them up the backs of his legs to his ass. I then grasped his cheeks and pressed his torso into my face. Reaching up with my fingers I began to pull the elastic of his shorts towards the floor. Setting his cock free of my mouth and sitting back a bit I stared at his manhood as it began to show itself. First there was gray and brown pubic hair, then the hardened shaft began to reveal itself. My breathing ceased momentarily as I pulled his shorts below the head of his now nearly fully exposed cock. Time stood still. This was the moment I'd been waiting for and dreaming about for as long as I can remember...

I pulled his shorts to the floor quickly and brought my hands up to grasp his balls and squeeze his shaft. His balls hung low and free, his cock was rock hard. He was wearing a black rubber cock ring that held the blood firmly in his shaft and balls. His cockhead was swollen and purple, almost a shiny purple. Again I paused and stared. He was, in my mind, all that I had fantasized about. I was not in any way disappointed.

After a time I felt the overwhelming desire to consume my new lover. I didn't even think twice about how I was now going to be a cocksucking fag. I didn't care. In fact, that was exactly what I wanted to be right now!

I leaned in and with my hand wrapped around his warm thick shaft I took him into my mouth. He felt so hard, so warm. I sucked him in. I washed my tongue around his head and then with the tip of my tongue I tickled the part where his shaft met his pee hole.

Marty let go a loud moan and his leg mussels tightened. I sucked hard again and pulled as much of him into my mouth as I could. His head pressed against the back of my mouth. I pulled back and caught my breath. 

Stroking his cock, now slick with my saliva, I again took in his beauty. He was cut. He was thick and veiny. His head was purple as a plumb — and now he began to produce a generous glob of pre-cum on the tip... I paused and marveled at the sight. I was in another dimension now. Whoever I was before had left and I was now, for this moment, a cock-loving man-whore.

I moved my hands to his buttocks and pulled him close as my mouth found his cock again. I took him deep. Deep in my throat. I didn't gag. I surprised myself and I loved the sensation! I pulled him in and pushed him back. Over and over until he got the message that I wanted him to fuck my face and mouth and throat. I was enjoying the moment more than I'd ever imagined. 

My saliva was pouring onto his shaft and down his balls and my chin. I could now taste his pre-cum as it added to the slick sensation. He was beginning to shake and I sensed he was close. As much as I wanted to taste his seed, I wasn't ready to be finished yet. This was still my moment.

I pulled my mouth off of him and stood up. I pulled his body to mine and kissed him whole on the mouth. I surprised myself with that. I never thought I could kiss a man until this very moment. We shared a level of passion together that I never thought possible. 

I turned him as we kissed and pushed him back onto the sofa. Throwing a pillow down I got myself on my knees between his spread legs and again took his delicious tool into my mouth. I licked and sucked his shaft and balls gently for a few minutes until the momentum again began to build. Again I started taking his hot throbbing meat into my mouth and throat. I grasped and shook his ball sack as I jacked him into my mouth. Now washing his head with my tongue as I jacked I could taste the beginnings of his orgasm. I took him deep again and held him in as I felt him tense and give me his first blast of molten hot seed. Deep in my throat I could feel him spasm. He let out a great cry as he came hard, first in my throat and then jet after jet into my welcoming mouth. 

He filled my mouth with his wonderful gift. I loved the texture and the flavor. I wanted my moment to go on forever. I held him in my mouth and suckled until he was soft and wanted out... I savored the taste as I fell back on the floor, sweaty and exhausted.

Eventually I moved myself up onto the couch beside him. He was spent and no longer aroused. He was naked and I was still clothed except for my shirt. We both caught our breath and talked a little about how wonderful that experience was. I felt like so many of the girls I'd known who had given me a blowjob and received nothing in return. I actually felt good. I had a sense of accomplishment and the fresh taste of another man in my mouth. That was more than enough for me. My moment would last for eternity, I was in a state of euphoria that had been previously unimaginable. We talked on the couch for a while and then it was time to go. I put on my shirt, but didn't take the time to button it, and proudly took the walk of shame across the yard and out to my car.

Of course as I drove away, feeling the wetness in my pants from what could only have been a full blown orgasm of my own judging from the volume of wetness... I felt totally at peace and satisfied. I hoped we'd meet up again soon.

To be continued...