 I got a scholarship to a small private school to further my education after I finished high school; my family made a big deal of going to Daymare because we were poor, and no one else had gone beyond a high school diploma. Most of the kids there were pretty snobby, at least towards me, so I mainly stayed off to myself. I only had a couple of dates in high school, but at least I had some guys to hang around with- here I wasn't even making friends of any kind.

Eventually, after a semester and a half, I managed to make a friend with one the other boys. Paul was from a rich family, but he was a bit of a troublemaker in an oddball sort of way. That probably was just his way of rebelling. Thing is, it made him less popular, so he had come to be my friend. 

We were hanging out on a Thursday night drinking some beers he had scored. Due to being a bit intoxicated, we picked a fight with some losers who thought they were better than us. Well, maybe they were better than us, but that is beside the point, we were in a bad mood and they were handy. By the time the cops arrived, it was a bit of a mess. We went down to get booked. After a bit I had sobered up and began to wonder how big a trouble was we all in. Turns out the two classmates Paul and I assaulted were rich like Paul, so the school interceded real fast and got us out. By Friday morning when I went to the dean's office to discuss my behavior, the other three had had their families smooth things over for them. The dean was pretty matter of fact; rich kids go back to class, poor kids generally go home in a situation like this. He told me I should be happy I did not end up in jail. I thought this was where he would end our meeting, but he then said go back to your dorm room and think about whether you want to stay here and try to succeed, or just give up and run home. In the meantime, he would contact the fathers of the boys I fought with. If either of them was willing to meet with me, perhaps we could work something out. No guarantees, in fact, it's a long shot, but it will be the only shot you have.

At about 5 that afternoon I got a call from a secretary at the dean's office, she said go to 126 Rayburn Street immediately; Mr. James Hall has agreed to discuss the matter with you. I did not even get a word out before she hung up.

Rayburn is in a gated community, just off campus, so I walked there in about 10 minutes. The house was an imposing red brick two story. Climbing the steps of the porch I noted the large dark brown wooden front door; typical old money, no wonder that punk thought he was better than me. I could not help but be intimidated. I tried to settle my nerves, but it was no use, I got more and more nervous. Taking a deep breath, I rang the doorbell, after a moment I completely panicked, turning I ran across the porch and started down the steps. I stumbled and fell. When I got up a man at the top of the steps addressed me.

"Hello, I'm James, I assume you are Phillip."

"Umm, yeah... I am Phillip, my friends call me Phil."

He stretched and turned his neck, then he very slowly said, "From what my son tells me, not very many folks call you Phil. From what I have observed, you are not on the track team."

"Well you are right on both counts I guess" turning to leave I added, "sorry to bother you." 

Much to my surprise he then said calmly, "won't you come in?"

Somehow I pulled myself back up the steps and entered the house. He quickly guided me back through a long hall into a library. There was a slightly musty smell of wood from the large bookcases full of hardcover books which surrounded the room. This gave the room a cozy warm feeling even though the room was large. He told me to have a seat as he settled into a matching leather chair. 

I cleared my throat and said. "Mr Hall, I am very sorry I started a fight with your son. Ummm, I ah I, you see ah" 

Crap, this wasn't going well at all. Calm down and ask him for forgiveness, this is my only chance of staying in school. "Mr Hall I am very sorry I started a fight with your son, I don't know why it started. I mean I know I was drunk, but that is no excuse. I sure wish I could stay here at Daymare."

"Call me James. Do you want to stay at Daymare? Really? Why?"

"Huh, of course I want to stay. I need to stay. I have no where else to go." I stammered a bit confused by his questioning.

He took a deep breath, paused, then as he exhaled he stared at me, he seemed to be sizing me up. Evidently he decided to pursue the matter at least a bit further, so he clarified his previous remark.

"Look Daymare is a good school for networking, making friends and connections that will serve you well in the business world. However, you must know it is not on par with the state university for academics. My son tells me you don't have any friends here- no one calls you Phil here. You just keep to yourself, right?"

"Paul calls me Phil" I protested.

"Paul? Whooo! Look where that is getting you. Wait, now I'm sorry. Let's keep this conversation productive. I should not criticize you having a friend. Are you making connections that will help you be a success when you graduate?"

I was impressed with how he had analyzed and identified my lack of progress while at Daymare. My grades had been OK, but he was right, all around me people seemed to be making close friends fast, and just what I overheard told me that careers were fast tracking while I was huddling at my classroom desk by day and in my room by night. Suddenly I realized he was waiting for an answer.

"You're right, I have no friends here to help me succeed, I don't know what the problem is."

Just as I absorbed this he changed the subject.

"Had any girlfriends?"

"Huh, what? Ah no, not since I have been here Mr. Hall." I admitted.

"Have you gone on any dates?" he persisted.

"Ah, two times, but just one date with each girl" 

"What happened?"

"I'd rather not get into it" I mumbled.

"Do you want my help? I may be able to help you, but you probably can't face it."

"Face what?" I said both hopeful and intrigue.

He stood up and started unbuttoning his shirt. "Take your shirt off too"

Once his shirt was off, he carefully set it on a side table. Then he turned and faced me "Well?"

It seemed strange but I took my shirt off too.

He smiled and asked if I noticed a difference.

"Well, your chest is hairier than mine." I observed.

He laughed, then said, "Yes, but you are more young and physically fit, you are not unattractive in the face, yet I'm the one who has plenty of women, so let's look further. Take off your pants."

"What?"

"Take off your pants"

"Why should I do..." He interrupted me by holding up his hand.

"If you want my help, take off your pants now, or put your shirt on and leave. Your choice..."

"Ok" I couldn't believe I just said that, but then I followed by undoing my pants and dropping them to my ankles. 

"Underwear too", he persisted.

I really dreaded this, I have tried to avoid people seeing my dick ever since I was a teenager because it is small. I once measured it and found it was barely 3 inches when fully erect. As I pulled down my drawers I fully expected he would laugh and scoff at my limitation. I did not notice he had started taking his own pants off. Now he stood up and faced me. He looked down at my dick, he did not laugh, he did not even smile. instead he told me to get aroused- maybe you're a grower rather than a shower he explained. I began to stroke, pulling at my member to try and make it longer, but it was no use, if anything it seemed I was smaller than usual in his presence. After a few minutes he told me to stop because he had seen enough.

"So, you said you had two dates, did either of them see your dick?" He asked.

"Yes they saw it." I said looking down at the floor.

"What was their reaction?"

"One of them laughed and called me pee wee, the other one said 'Oh, it's true, well, you'll never make a women happy with that'" I confessed.

"Alright, look up at me, I'm trying to help you." I looked up and saw his serious face.

"OK, look at my cock, that's the difference between us."

His dick looked to be a bit larger than mine, I would guess it would measure about 4 to 5 inches. He started to stroke it and after a few moments I noticed it was growing. As it became erect it was at least 6 inches long.

"Do you see the difference in our sizes?" He inquired.

"Yes" I admitted.

"That's your whole problem, you are not being fulfilled. Sexually, you are frustrated, and you lack confidence about you body around men, so you are lonely, friendless, and once you got drunk, this caused an explosion of your feelings. Does this make sense? Your just not built to ever make a woman happy, so maybe it's time to take a different approach."

"What can I do? I am so lonely..."

"Son, get on your knees, take a close look at my dick."

I got down and studied his member. It was over 6 inches long, circumcised, a bit fatter than mine. I could feel some heat radiating from it. His balls were almost as big as walnuts as they hung down loosely in their sac. His hair was very dark, almost jet black.

" I bet you never have looked closely at another man, have you? You can't make a woman happy, but you can make a man happy. Go ahead and touch it. That's it, wrap your fingers around it, feel how hot you are making me? Notice, I am not laughing at you. I accept you...accept yourself. Now turn loose and give the head a kiss. If you want to stop after you kiss it, that will be fine. Just kiss it once, and then I'll have the dean reinstate you."

I gently, tentatively placed my lips on the tip of it. just a noncommittal touch, but surprisingly I couldn't bring myself to pull away as fast as I planned to. It was so warm and soft on my lips, and his words of approval were so good to hear.

"That's it, ah, very nice. Thank you for giving me some pleasure! You can leave if you want, or you can enjoy giving me more pleasure, it's up to you."

I thought maybe one more kiss, just to know if I really enjoyed it. As I leaned in and let my lips touch him again, I wanted more. I slowly opened my mouth and let his velvety smooth mushroom slide into the more sensitive inner lining of my mouth. I held it there for a moment, so smooth, so spongy, so soft yet hard. My mouth was getting wonderfully hot. I then brought my tongue up against his head and discerned the slit. I could hear him moaning now and I felt a little pressure as he gently started to thrust forward. I took more and more of him into my mouth. He slowly gave me more and more of his length until my nose began to graze his pubes. It tickled and allowed me to smell his mustiness simultaneously. After a few moments he pulled out- what did I do wrong?- was this another cruel twist to my lonely life? I looked up into his face, he was smiling down at me warmly.

"How about you lick my balls now? You are doing a great job, isn't this nice, getting to give your love to some one?"

I started licking his balls. After the praise he had given me, I licked and gently sucked them eagerly. After a few minutes he gently pulled away.

"You have built up quite a load in my balls!, would you like to relieve it for me now?"

"Oh, yes, I want to please you so much sir!" I gushed.

I knew what he wanted/ needed. I opened my mouth and started to lick and suck him. He instructed me to get him really wet with my saliva and then be careful about my teeth. After a couple of slobbery licks and sucks he started to thrust into my mouth. I bobbed my head in rhythm to his thrusts and I began to taste his precum, it had a slightly nutty flavor. My tongue rubbed and probed at his slit as I tasted more and more of him. When he thrusted, now my nose was buried in his hair. His balls were slapping at my chin. I placed my hands on his buttocks. I began to squeeze them. My fingers were probing and spreading his crack. I felt so alive, I was feeling his dick pulsating and my face pulsated with it. There was a thunderous throbbing in my ears. And then I heard him say.

"I'm gonna cum!"

I sucked a little harder while maintaining the beat and then he convulsed and shot several loads into me. I swallowed most of it although some dribbled out onto my chin. I gently held his rapidly softening member in my mouth. After a bit he pulled his soft dick out of me. He patted my head and kissed the top of it. 

"Everything is going to be just fine. Don't you worry. I will take care of everything."