 All characters in the story are over 18.

***

I sat in the darkened video booth, with the door slightly open. I had a gay video playing which was showing a younger guy getting his cock sucked.

In the hallway, different guys were walking past, cruising what was being offered. I was here to suck cock.

An older guy looked in, leaned close and whispered, "Do you want a blow job?' I answered, 

"No. I'm here to suck cock."

He moved on.

Several of the guys were older. I wasn't as interested in them, as I had a younger guy in mind. In the hallway, a 20's something guy walked past my door several times, then he walked by again, I opened the door slightly more, we made eye contact, and he stepped in.

My heart was beating faster, my nipples were erect. here was younger anonymous cock to be sucked.

He closed the door behind him, I remained sitting as he stood close in front of me. He reached down and rubbed the front of his pants With my eyes fastened there, my hands joined his. I could feel him stiffen up. With shaking fingers, I unzipped him, unbuckled his pants, and slide them down his legs along with his boxers. His cut cock came into view, still getting hard.

He wrapped his fingers around it, stroking it as his other hand went to my head. I reached out, replaced his hand with mine, rubbing and caressing his filling cock. I was thrilled feeling it stiffen, knowing that soon it would be in my mouth.

I leaned down, starting licking the head like it was a melting ice cream cone. He shuddered, and held my head tighter. 

I took more of his hardening cock into my mouth, hitting the back of my throat, holding it there, feeling it become completely hard. It's length pushed my head back a bit, I pushed my tongue forward, making more room in my mouth, swallowing so I could sink down on his big cock, pushing forward until my lips were against his shaven crotch, the head into my throat.

He moaned as he slowly started to fuck my mouth while holding my head with both hands.

This is what I lived for!

This went on for awhile, him taking his time, fucking my mouth. Then as I was feeling his cock throbbing some, he picked up the pace. Long deep strokes, each one pushing into the back of my throat, causing me to gag a little, but me loving it!

Then even harder as he got closer to his orgasm. Slamming into my mouth and throat bruising me. I dropped my hands and lived in the moment. Having my mouth and throat fucked hard by a guy I didn't even know, hadn't even talked to.

He stiffened, fully into me, straining, holding my head tight, me enduring as he exploded in orgasm! He came and came and came, a lot of thick cum. I swallowed as much as I could, considering I wasn't able to breath much at all. Some of his cum splashed past, and ran out my mouth, dripping down onto my shirt.

I could feel his cock start to soften slightly as he pulled it out and stepped back a little. I was gasping for breath, still swallowing the cum in my mouth.

He was breathing hard, I was breathing hard too.

Then there was a soft knock on the door, he reached over, opened it slightly, looked out, then he let another guy around his age into the room. He closed the door behind them. They spoke softly to each other. I realized they knew each other as the first guy explained to his friend that he had found a good cocksucker. Me!

The second guy was a good looking guy and I saw he was pretty muscular, as he opened his shirt and stepped closer to me. His eyes were on my eyes until I dropped my view down his chest to the bulge in his pants. He tangled the fingers of one hand into my hair as he used the other hand to unbutton, unzip and drop his pants.

Standing there with his pants down around his ankles and a big bulge in his white briefs, he pulled my face closer into his crotch. I moaned softly as I realized I had more cock to suck.

My lips, face and chin were in contact with his hard cock through his briefs and I realized it was pretty big!

He stepped back slightly as his friend, standing behind him, used both of his hands to pull the briefs down his friends hips. As he did that, his big hard cock came free, sprang up and slapped me in the face.

I was in awe of the thickness and length of his big cut cock. There was already precum on the head as I realized he had been near the closed door listening to his friend moaning and me gagging earlier.

Still holding my head with his fingers tangled in my hair, he used his other hand to move the head of his cock rubbing precum all over my face. I closed my eyes, and again lived in the moment. It was so big that he used it as a club and lightly slapped my face with it. When he did that, I shuddered and exploded in my pants without even touching my own cock.

I looked up to see him smiling. He knew he was in for a treat from someone that was all about cock. His cock.

After a bit of time rubbing it all over my face, spreading his precum everywhere, he placed the head on my lips, and using his hips thrust forward driving his cock partway into my mouth. He stopped there for just a moment while I licked and sucked the cock head. I could taste the sweetness of his precum and sucked and licked even more.

Then the mouth fucking began.

He started pushing in and out of my mouth. Each stroke going in a little further, taking his time, but intent on getting maximum pleasure from what he was doing. His stroking was now touching the back of my throat. His fingers in my hair pushed my head back, opening my throat some and then the head of his cock popped into my throat. I moaned, he moaned. Now each stroke in and out was pushing into my throat. I ran my tongue out further, making more room, helping to open me up for this invasion. Each time swallowing as the head hit my throat and pushed past. My nose was getting closer to his pubic hair as I sucked, licked, as gasped for air, breathing when I could.

The first guy moved in closer to us from the side. Glancing sideways, I could see he was hard again, and was stroking his cock, watching us. Then he too started rubbing the head of his cock against my cheek while his friend fucked my mouth. I was in sensory overload as I could feel wetness on his cock as he spread it onto my face.

My own cock was hard again in my pants, but this was all about them, not about me. Time for my own cock later.

Then the second guy that was fucking my mouth pulled out, turned my head sideways toward his friend and that cock slide into my mouth. I moaned. Having my mouth fucked by one cock was heaven. Two cocks? OMG!

They took turns, first one cock in my mouth, then the other, then switching again and again and again. I glanced up as best I could and saw that they were kissing each other deeply as I was servicing them.

Then I became more actively involved. Wrapping my fingers around both cocks, stroking them, bringing them to my mouth, sucking, licking, deep throating first one and then the other, taking turns.

They both relaxed slightly and just enjoyed the sensations that I was giving them.

I serviced both of them, building arousal, making their cocks throb and jerk around.

Each guy was quietly moaning and thrusting his hips forward each time I had a cock in my mouth. My throat was pushed into again and again. I moaned and just enjoyed what we were doing.

Then the pace changed. there was an urgency as both of the guys were pushed past the point of no return.

I smiled as I realized. 

I was a pretty good cocksucker!

Each of the guys stiffened, pulled back slightly, I opened my mouth, then each stroking their cocks furiously they blasted cum all over my face and into my hair, also entering my mouth!

I loved it!

After they both had finished with me and pulled their clothes back on, they left, leaving the door open. I was sitting on the bench slumped against the wall. I was still breathing hard, and was covered in their cum.

I had cum on my face, in my hair. It had ran down onto my shirt. I was still swallowing some of the cum that they had put into my mouth.

I looked up to see another younger guy standing in the doorway and I recognized him!

It was Garrett a 20's something iron worker that worked with my neighbor that lived across the street.

Garrett had a girlfriend and even a 8 month old baby with that girlfriend, yet here he was!

Garrett was a good looking guy with a muscular upper body covered with tats.

I looked at him, he looked at me as I said,

"Garrett, what are you doing here?"

He said. "I come here now and again to get a blowjob. I'm mostly straight, but my cock needs a lot of attention. Guys do a better job sucking cock than girls do."

Then he said: "What are you doing here?"

I swallowed, hesitated, thinking about what this might mean and then said:

"I'm also mostly straight, but cock calls".

"I'm here to suck cock."

He knew I was married, he had even met my wife.

He hesitated a moment, then quietly stepped into the room with me, closing and locking the door behind him.

My mind was racing as I remembered seeing him at my neighbors, sitting astride his motorcycle, my eyes dropping down to his crotch realizing then that he was packing some heat, but never thinking I'd ever have a chance to find out just how much.

He stepped close to me and just quietly stood there. I straightened up, now sitting within reach of him.

I said quietly, "Take off your t shirt please." He did.

His upper body was magnificent. His muscles sculpted and defined. His tats covering all of his chest, sides and strong arms too. For the first time, other than shaking his hand, or clapping him on the shoulder, I touched him.

Using just my fingertips, I explored his upper body. I ran my fingers over his abs, up his side, over and across his nipples. They stiffened under my touch. My pulse rate quickened and I started breathing more deeply as he said, 

"I like my nipples worked over too. Sucked, licked, pulled."

I was happy to oblige him.

As I was leaning forward, I glanced down and saw a big bulge at his crotch. I shuddered.

More cock to suck.

I pushed my tongue out and lightly licked his left nipple. It stiffened ever more. Then moved over to the right nipple giving it a fair share of my attention. When my tongue and mouth was on one, my fingers were on the other, rolling, pulling, rubbing them.

Garrett softly sighed, I shuddered with pleasure. Pleasure I was giving him, pleasure I was getting by servicing this young stud.

He said, "Yes, like that, just like that."

I continued.

I realized that some of the cum from the two guys earlier was in my hair, and leaning in close to Garrett's chest to lick and suck his nipples, I had transferred it to his upper chest. I used the side of my finger, pulled it off of his chest, and put it on his tight nipples. There, I rubbed it in. He moaned. Then I licked their cum off of him. he seemed to like that.

My other hand reached up and brushed against his hard crotch. He rewarded me by rolling his hips closer into my searching hand.

My mouth and fingers of the one hand continued to work his nipples over, building arousal for Garrett. My other hand was caressing his bulge. I had to see it! I had to have it in my hands!

My fingers were shaking as I stopped my attention to his nipples for a moment , unbuttoned his jeans, unzipped them and slid his pants down his legs. Garrett had gone commando and his big stiff cock sprang out.

I gasped! It too was a thing of beauty! Long, thick, cut, the veins showing all along his length. This man was a God!

I leaned back slightly so I could take it all in.

Garrett stood close in front of me, his t shirt off, his pants down around his ankles. His body was amazing, the muscles defined, the tats emphasizing his masculinity. His big cock was throbbing with each heart beat. His eyes were mostly closed, waiting, wanting...my mouth.

I gave it to him.

Just as my mouth enveloped his cock head, each of my fingers closed on his nipples. He sighed, and moaned all at the same time.

With his eyes still closed, Garrett tangled the fingers of both hands into my hair. Holding my head, guiding my mouth, using me. He started to slow fuck my mouth.

I thought. Well this is certainly going to change our relationship.

My fingers stayed on his nipples, tugging, pulling, rolling them as I wanted to give him maximum pleasure. It seemed to be working, as his legs shook a little while he continue to work his cock in and out of my mouth.

He was content to be pleasured by me, he was content to fuck my mouth for a long time. I realized he had tremendous stamina and I was going to have to work hard to make him cum. After about 10 minutes, I redoubled my efforts as I wanted his cum. I wanted to give him the best sexual experience he ever had with the hope that we could work something out for future times as just this one time with him was not going to be enough. I wanted more!

My mouth was tired because of the other two guys and now because of Garrett's lasting so long. I didn't care. I lived for this, and here it was. I set my fatigue and aching jaw muscles and sore throat aside and just went for it. 

Now each stroke was full length, I started to hum which vibrated his cock. He moaned and stated fucking my mouth harder, pushing full length, flattening my face against his crotch, my chin pressed tight against his balls.

He actually growled as he slammed into my mouth and throat as he exploded in orgasm!

I couldn't see, I couldn't breathe, I couldn't even think about what was happening. That would all come later in memory. I was simply his vessel, his receptacle. Here to service him, here for his pleasure. 

After he exploded directly into my throat, he held my head tight for a few moments that seemed like forever. My face was red, I had black spots swimming before my eyes, close to passing out from lack of air. I didn't care. The experience was so intense and I knew I had given him something extraordinary.

Finally, he let go of my head, pulled out, slumped back against the wall behind him as I fell back against the wall behind me gasping for breath.

It took me awhile to regain my composure. It took him awhile to regain his composure.

Both of us were still breathing hard, looking at each other, then Garrett did something completely unexpected.

He stepped forward, leaned down and kissed me on the mouth hard!

I was stunned! He stood back up and said. "Thank you, that was incredible, the best I've ever had!"

I was embarrassed, pleased. uncertain how to respond, so I just said. "You're welcome, it was my pleasure too."

He glanced at his watch and said he had to go. He said he wanted to do this again with me. More than just one more time. I nodded my head in agreement.

He said "Cya" and left.

As I got ready to leave, another guy came up to my door, looked in expectantly but I told him, "I'm done for the day."

I had cock, I had a lot of cock and more importantly I had connected with Garrett in a way that was unexpected. Somehow I knew he and I would work something out that would explain to my wife and his girlfriend our spending time together. Maybe fishing out on the lake behind out house.

I smiled as I pictured that in my mind.

Oh the possibilities.

To be continued.