 I am a masculine, aggressive businessman who keeps himself in good shape by lifting weights and cycling almost every day. I am married and have two kids who are terrific. I work hard, make a lot of money and go to church almost every Sunday. I was heterosexual and faithful to my wife until I was in my 50s. My attractive wife is a lot younger than me and we had an exciting sex life until recent years when the sex started to decrease. By the time I hit 50, the sex had almost stopped. I think it is mostly my wife's fault, but not entirely. The absence of sex caused me to become interested in porn and then transsexual porn. From there, I became interested in gay porn and started thinking that it might be fun to have sex with a guy.

I was travelling a lot for business and started thinking about trying to arrange hooking up with a man. I posted some ads on Craigslist in the towns where I went for business. Obviously, this was before Craigslist stopped publishing personal ads. I got scared and bailed out numerous times. I was afraid of being caught by my wife or contracting some dread disease. I was horny as hell every time I posted an ad, but would then chicken out before I completed the transaction with any of the guys who responded to my ad. Through this process, I learned a lot about how to post an effective ad and how to get many responses.

The details of my activities will be the subject of another story or two, but suffice to say I finally screwed up the courage to go through with the deal. I met guys at my hotel and either they would suck me or I would suck them. I loved it! I loved it so much that the first time I sucked a dick, I was so horny I immediately contacted another guy and sucked a second cock. 

I kept my activities out of town for the longest time. I was afraid something would go wrong if I tried to meet a guy in the city where I lived and I would be caught by my wife or some business person I knew. I truly love my wife and family. The last thing in the world I want is to mess up my family life. My wife is lovely, but she would not be understanding if she found out I had cheated on her with a man(or a woman for that matter). Actually, having sex with a man seemed less like cheating to me than having sex with a woman.

A strange thing happened when I started to have sex with men. I had always been the dominant partner when I was having sex with a woman. I was always the aggressor and it turned me on when my wife or other woman would be submissive. The women always seemed to assume the submissive role and, for me, the more submissive, the better.

I started out as the dominant person with the guys I met at first. I either had them suck my dick or we would get in the 69 position. I soon discovered that I liked being submissive to a man much more than the dominant role. Occasionally, I would want a effeminate man to suck my cock, but mostly I wanted to be on my knees with the cock of another man in my mouth. I didn't understand it(and still don't), but it soon became obvious that I got off on serving another man. I became more and more horny for cock as time went on.

I finally decided that it would be safe to meet a guy at our lake house if I was up at the lake alone. I did it a couple of times and had fun. On this occasion, I had some chores around the lake property to handle. So, once I was sure my wife wasn't going with me, I posted the following ad in the section of Craigslist in which men sought men for sex:

"I am a married, 52 year old guy who is in good shape. I will be coming to my lake house on Friday morning and would love to meet a guy who wants to have his cock sucked. I can host at my lake house. If you like, you can call me nasty names like "cocksucker," "bitch," "faggot" or "slut" while I suck your cock. I will swallow unless you want to cum on my face. I am 5'11", 172, and athletic. My cock is 7.5 x 6 inches and cut. I am clean and disease free and expect the same. The attached photos are a close-up of my cock and a photo of me wearing my wife's slip. If you want, I will wear my wife's panties and stockings while I suck your cock. I prefer married men, but will consider others. Please send a photo of your cock and a description of what you would like me to do."

I attached a photo of my cock when it was hard and a photo of me messing around wearing my wife's slip. In the photo, my hard cock stuck out of the slit in the short slip. My cock looked great in that photo if I do say so myself.

I am not really a cross dresser, but for some reason, my cock gets hard when I wear my wife's lingerie. It makes me feel submissive, effeminate and nasty. Also, it never fails that if I put on my wife's lingerie I will soon be craving a hard cock in my mouth. I was amazed at how quickly I had become a faggot.

In my normal life, I did not identify as a gay man. I realize that if you put another man's cock in your mouth, you are gay or at least bisexual. However, I didn't really want to hang out with gay guys or at gay bars. I simply wanted to suck a hard cock. For a while I thought I only liked cock and not men. However, a big strong guy who was an executive at a large company once grabbed me and kissed me passionately before I sucked his cock. I melted in his arms like an infatuated little girl. It was some of the hottest sex I had ever had after the kiss. Of course, the big guy ended up cumming in my mouth. He didn't kiss me goodbye.

Writing a Craigslist ad never failed to make my cock hard. I would get so excited I would be breathless. My cock never failed to get hard as I typed the ad and thought about the guy I wanted to meet.

I received between 20 and 30 responses. I always had fun going through the responses. I could eliminate quite a few guys because they wanted to suck my dick or for me to fuck them. The responses were usually flattering about my cock or my body, but I had figured out that I was much more excited by being subservient to a man. So, I eliminated them. 

Other responses were eliminated because the guys were too old or too young. Thirty to sixty years old was the right range for me even though I have sucked guys who were older and younger. A nice big cock was a plus, but I really didn't care too much about size or thickness. I didn't understand it, but the humiliation and embarrassment I felt when I got on my knees and sucked another man's cock was the main thing that got me excited. Just about any cock would do the trick for me. In some ways, it is more humiliating to submit to a guy with a small dick.

One response stood out from the crowd. The guy had a nice looking cock and I liked his response. He was married and articulate. He also definitely let me know he was a top, loved to have his dick sucked and would have fun calling me nasty names while I sucked his dick. He told me that he was usually not interested in reciprocating. He also had a lake house and just seemed like a guy I would like based on his emails.

We exchanged a few emails and I decided this was the guy. He was still interested after the email exchange and asked me where we should meet.

"We can meet at my house on the south side of the lake," I said.

"I am on the south side of the lake, too."

"Great! My house is in a neighborhood just before you get to the Lakeside subdivision on Highway 175."

"Wow. My house is in the same area."

"This will be convenient for you. I live in the Watergate subdivision at 30 Wolf Creek Drive. I will be there by 10:00 on Friday."

After a short delay, he said, "This is unbelievable. I live across the cove from you. This is your neighbor, John. What are the odds we would connect this way!"

I froze. I went to great lengths to remain anonymous when it came to gay sex. Millions of people live in and around the city where I live and where I posted this ad. Somehow, I had managed to connect with a guy who owned a lake house just across the cove from our house. His house was down the narrow cove about fifty yards or so. He knew my name. He knew my wife and kids. He knew where I lived and where I worked. He now knew I am a cocksucker. He knew I liked to be called nasty names while I sucked cock suggesting I am a submissive cocksucker. He knew I would wear my wife's panties, slip and stockings to please a man suggesting I am secretly a sissy or a cross dresser. I was terrified.

We had been waving to him and his wife for years from our boat. We sometimes had a beer with them and often stopped at their boat house to visit for a few minutes on the way out or in when we took our boat out on the lake.

John is a big stocky guy. He has dark hair and is handsome. He is in his mid to late 40s. I now knew he had a nice dick and wanted to be sucked. I had never had a sexual thought about John before this point. 

I wanted to run and hide. However, he already knew about everything you could need to ruin my life. The damning evidence was in writing. I didn't want to make him mad by flaking out on our hook-up and the damage was already done. So, after an extended delay, I told him, "Man, this is awkward. Hopefully, we can be very discreet. I wouldn't want any of this to get back to our wives."

"I agree! I can't wait to see you with your lips wrapped around my dick on Friday."

"I look forward to it, John."

I could hardly sleep that night. Thoughts kept running through my head about all the ways my life might soon be fucked up. I didn't really think that John would blackmail me or do something intentional even though the thought crossed my mind. I was just afraid something accidently would lead to discovery or he would get mad at me for some reason and expose me. I also lost sleep thinking about sucking the big cock of a guy I knew. I had never done that before and it made my cock hard.

I left home early Friday morning. I stopped for some coffee, emailed John to tell him I was on my way and headed down the road. I had a pair of my wife's white lace panties and white thigh high stockings in the seat next to me. I didn't know if John wanted me to dress in panties and stockings like a girl, but I thought that my situation could not get any more embarrassing than it was. John had said some things that made me think he wanted his cocksucker to be submissive. Wearing panties and stockings to greet another man is a pretty sure sign that you are a submissive cocksucker. No manly guy is going to be wearing panties. Most manly guys are not going to slurp on a penis. In my normal life, I am manly, but in my secret cocksucking life, I am willing to do most anything to please a man. Wearing feminine clothes is just part of the humiliating things I am willing to do. For some reason, humiliation makes my dick hard.

I arrived at my lake house about an hour early. I was totally nervous. If he showed up, I was going to suck the cock of my neighbor. I would be waving to him the next time I was on my dock with both of us knowing I am a cocksucker.

I decided that I should go ahead and strip down and put on my wife's lingerie. Once I slipped on the panties, my cock was hard as a rock. My cock was sticking out of the little panties. I didn't look anything like a girl except maybe my legs in the stockings. However, dressing up made me ready to suck a dick. Sucking a dick never failed to make me feel feminine. I put some sweat pants on over the lingerie in case someone else came to the door before John.

Right at 10:00 o'clock John's car pulled into our driveway and he came to the door. He said hello and we shook hands. I was embarrassed as I greeted him. I could feel myself blush as I met John and thought about what I was about to do. I kept thinking how my neighbor now knew I am a cocksucker. I was too humiliated to visit, so I just led him to the master bedroom.

John didn't fool around either. He entered the bedroom and pulled off all of his clothes. As I had seen in his photo, he had a nice, thick six inch cock. As soon as I saw his penis I was hard as a rock. John jumped into the middle of the bed on his back. 

I pulled off my sweat pants and showed John the panties and stockings. I was going to explain that I didn't know if he wanted me to wear the lingerie and that I could take it off. However, he quickly said, "That big cock looks so hot in those little panties! I would have never dreamed that you would wear panties. "

Then, he laughed and said, "I would have never dreamed that you would suck my prick either!"

I felt myself blush again. I didn't know what to do with myself, so I just made a beeline for John's dick. I crawled up on the bed and started licking his balls. Licking balls always makes me feel like a slut. 

I don't know what came over me, but I stopped licking for a moment and said, "Licking your balls makes it pretty obvious that I will be your bitch."

John just moaned.

I licked Johns balls and the bottom of his shaft for quite a while. Every time I looked up John was staring at me. He was moaning and groaning. Finally, he said to me, "Suck my cock, faggot."

I moaned when he called me a faggot. I immediately went for his cock. I put the head in my mouth and then started bobbing up and down on his dick. I can take all of John's thick cock down my throat and started doing that before long. John loved it.

My cock was hard as a rock. I sucked away on his cock. 

John said, "You are such a good cocksucker!"

Every time he called me a nasty name, I would suck faster and moan. 

Eventually, John said, "Hey, bitch. Take off your little panties and let me see that monster." I quickly complied.

"Then, John said to me, "Tell me you are my bitch."

I looked at him and said, "I am your bitch." Then, I dove back on his cock.

After a while, he had me lay on my back with my head hanging over the edge of the bed. John then got out of bed and stood over my face. I quickly put his dick back in my mouth and he began to fuck my face. At first he pumped my mouth slowly. Then, he increased speed and the power behind his thrusts into my mouth. His balls were resting on my face when he was all of the way in my mouth. I felt so dirty with his balls slapping my face.

After fucking my face for a little while, John said, "I never suck dicks, but I have to suck your beautiful cock. I didn't have to look to know that I was hard as a rock. I was on the verge of cumming before he touched me. Soon I felt his mouth on my cock as I sucked away on his cock.

He got excited with my dick in his mouth and soon I could feel his cock get harder and he exploded into my mouth. I loved the feeling of a strong man ejaculating in my mouth. I felt completely nasty. I swallowed every drop. I loved eating John's cum.

After he came, John quit sucking my dick and lay on his back on the bed. 

"Cum on me," he said, "I want to see that big monster shoot."

I jumped up on the bed beside John and jacked my cock. I was so excited I soon came all over his cock and hairy stomach.

John watched me cum and said, "Clean me up now, faggot."

I went down and licked up all of my own sperm off of John's cock and his hairy stomach. I felt depraved as I did it, but I thought it was a nasty way to end a good blow job.

As we got dressed and I walked with John to the front door, we talked about boats, fishing, lake conditions and the weather. I can vividly remember thinking to myself that everything was going to be the same between the two of us even though I had just sucked his dick.

About then, he said, "Give me your private email address. You are going to be my regular cocksucking bitch from now on."