 Like most guys I love porn.

I love seeing 2 or more naked or semi naked people pleasuring each other.

Touching, caressing, fucking, sucking - I love all of it.

I like vanilla sex, I like threesomes, I like gangbangs and bukkake.

My favourite thing is the "money shot" when the guy cums. If I'm wanking I try to time my orgasm to match the cumshot.

My favourite cumshots are facials, and my favourite facials are when the woman has her mouth open, and the guy puts his cock close - almost touching her mouth - and cums in her open mouth, and you can see the cum building in her mouth - squirt by squirt. 

I had a girlfriend once who wanted me to cum in her mouth, or on her face, every time we had sex.

Ada explained that she wanted to feel me cum, and if I came in her pussy she really couldn't feel it. She told me she loved feeling like a dirty submissive cumsucking slut, and she loved me fucking her mouth for my pleasure.

She loved the taste and texture as well. She'd run it around her mouth before swallowing, feeling the slippery texture.

Coming in someone's mouth is my favourite sexual thing.

It's easy for a woman to lie on her back and let you fill her pussy, but it takes effort and commitment to suck someone's cock till they cum, and then swallow it.

It's a very giving act.

When it comes to sex I like to take pleasure from my partner. I like to dominate them, fucking their pussy with their legs held back to get in as deep as I can. I like making them do things they don't want to do. Some women don't like sucking a cock that's been in their pussy, but I make them suck and lick their own pussy juice until they learn to like it. If they don't like me cumming in their mouth, I'll do it anyway until they do.

Having said that, I always try to make sure that they cum as well. I want them to cum and be satisfied. That makes them want more. 

I discovered that I have a submissive side too. Sometimes after filling Ada's mouth she would roll on top of me and kiss me, forcing my mouth open with her tongue, and letting my cum dribble into my mouth. She also liked to ride my face and rub her clit and gaping wet pussy hole on my tongue, and make her juices run into my mouth. If I ever came in her pussy she would punish me by making me eat her creampie - riding my face, and licking and sucking my own cum out of her pussy until she came.

I like making woman cum, with my cock and with my mouth.

And yes, I admit, I like making guys cum too. This dominant/submissive side also exists when I'm with guys. I like making them suck my cock and cumming in their mouths, but I get as much pleasure from them taking charge and pleasuring themselves in my mouth.

It's fun to wank a guy till he shoots, but I prefer to suck them, let them fuck my mouth, and have them cum in my mouth.

I love feeling their body convulse, hearing their moans and grunts, and feeling my mouth fill with their cum. 

I suck until they have emptied their balls and their orgasmic aftershocks have subsided.

I suck until their emptied cocks go soft in my mouth, and then I lick them clean.

I had met Andy online, and he seemed like a nice guy. He was inexperienced and cautious, and we decided to meet for a game of tennis in the city, and perhaps go back to his place after - if the vibe was there. It was a close match, but I won - or maybe he let me win our bet - which was the loser has to suck the winners cock.

Afterwards we took his car back to his place. It was a hot day, and we were still sweating from tennis. Upon entering his house, and immediately after the door closed he did the unexpected, pushing me up against the wall and kissing me.

I had never kissed a guy before and had never wanted to, - it just seems really gay!! And he wasn't just kissing me - he was raping my mouth - mashing his lips on mine, forcing his tongue into my mouth and fucking my open mouth with it, as he groped my cock through my shorts.

He led me into his bedroom and we started ripping each other's clothes off, grabbing each other's cocks and wanking them.

Fully undressed he made me kneel on the floor and he grabbed my head, (hey, what happened to our bet??!!) put his cock in my mouth, and started fucking it. His cock was a bit shorter than mine, but as thick and meaty - and I was enjoying the way he was taking charge.

He stopped short of ejaculating, and led me onto the bed and made me lie on my back.

He lay on top of me and started grinding his cock and balls against mine, and he invaded my mouth with his tongue again.

At first I had been grossed out, but now I relaxed and submitted and welcomed his lips onto mine and his tongue into my mouth. He had a big tongue, and he thrust it deep into my mouth and I sucked on it. I wouldn't say I was enjoying it, but it did turn me on to submit and let him rape my mouth like that. 

He raised his body off mine just enough to grab our cocks in one hand and he started wanking us off, still pashing and salivating in my mouth.

He said "I'm going to wank us both off over your stomach, and I'm going to lick it up."

It turned me on to hear him say it. 

Then he said "I'm going to snowball you."

I had never done this with a guy, because it involved mouth to mouth and seemed kinda gay - but I had already crossed that line, so I decided to submit and let him do what turned him on..

"I'm going make you swallow all our cum." he whispered in my ear "Are you OK with that?"

Nice of him to ask I thought, and I whispered back in his ear as he wanked us "I want both our loads of cum in my mouth."

The thought of my mouth full of 2 big loads of cum turned me on, and admitting it out loud pushed me over the edge.

As soon as I said it my waves of orgasm hit, and as he wanked our cocks together I began groaning and shooting cum over my stomach. I felt 5 or 6 big contractions of my cock, my cum blasting up my chest, and he was still wanking me with his cock touching mine.

My cock was achingly sensitive, and I begged him to slow down - but he was concentrating on his own orgasm, wanking us both with intensity - his breath in my mouth coming is gasps as his orgasm built.

I grabbed his hanging balls and squeezed them and although my mouth was full of his I said "Shoot your cum on me."

He continued raping my mouth with his tongue, and his saliva was flowing freely from his mouth into mine. He began grunting and groaning as his balls contracted in my hand, and I felt his first stream of ejaculate land on my stomach.

He raised himself up, threw his head back, and with me still cradling his ball sack, feeling each ejaculation, I grabbed his cock with my other hand and wanked 6 or 7 more shots of cum onto my chest. He was moaning in pleasure, and gasping as the waves or orgasm washed over him, and his body shook as he came on me. 

I had never wanked anybody over my chest before, although lots of women had done me like that - and I must say it was satisfying watching and feeling his warm cum splash over me. 

My chest and stomach was covered with big thick shots of our cum mixed together, and I waited for him to lick it off and snowball me.

Instead he used his fingers to mix our cum together, running his fingers slowly and erotically through the mixture - enjoying the slipperiness.

Then he used his fingertips to draw the mixture of cum into a small puddle, and he lifted it off my chest. 

It was seeping through his fingers, but not quickly enough to leak and drop.

He held it over my face and I watched the long tentacles slowly stretching towards my mouth. I opened my mouth and put my tongue up to greet it, and he lowered the dripping cum into my mouth. "Don't swallow" he said.

He made me lick his fingers clean, and then he moved his head down and started licking up whatever cum was left on my chest and stomach.

With my mouth full of warm cum, he put his face above mine, used his hand to open my mouth and opened his mouth and let the cum slowly dribble from his mouth into mine in a slow continuous stream. 

"Don't swallow yet." he said

He rolled onto his back, and opened his mouth. I rolled on top of him, put my mouth over his and let the stream of warm cum, mixed with my saliva run into his mouth as he moaned with the guilty pleasure.

Once more he rolled on top of me, and I knew to open my mouth again, and accept the mixture of our intermingled DNA.

I also knew not to swallow as he slowly let the long stream of cum dribble into my mouth.

He held my head at an angle where the cum and saliva formed a pool in my mouth, and then he stuck his semi hard cock in my mouth and swirled it through the mixture. 

His cock was softening, but still thick and meaty, and he fucked our cum down my throat.

I lay back, and we must have dozed off for a couple of hours.

It was hot, and the tennis and sex had tired us both out.

We just lay there enjoying the slow breeze of the ceiling fan.

It was getting dark, and I was slumbering when I felt his tongue just barely licking the end of my flaccid cock.

I feigned sleep, just letting out a quiet moan - enough to give him incentive to continue.

He kept licking the end of my cock, swirling his tongue around the head, and I felt my cock responding - getting harder, but I didn't react - just lay there seeing what he would do next.

His next move was to put his cock on my face. I was still feigning sleep, but I opened my mouth in a sleepy submission, and as an invitation.

He slowly pushed his fat dribbling cock into my mouth, and stroked my cock with his hand. I ran my tongue around his cockhead rim, and I felt his body twitch.

Both our cocks were still sensitive from cumming only a couple of hours ago, but he was fully hard now, and I was too.

He got off the bed, and I wondered where he was going - and he grabbed my feet and pulled me down the bed.

Then he put his knees on either side of my head, put his cock in my mouth, bent down and started sucking me as I sucked him.

His cock was actually bigger and more swollen than before, filling my mouth. 

We 69'd for a while, but I doubted that either one of us would cum soon, so quick after the previous time.

He joined my head on the pillow and said "You've got a beautiful body Mike."

"You too Andy." although I knew mine was better.

"Your cock is gorgeous - I love sucking it."

"I love sucking yours too, and i loved swallowing our cum." although using the word "love" made me uncomfortable.

"Hey, sorry about the kissing - I know it's kinda gay, but I just wanted to try it to see how it felt. Did you like it?"

"Hmmm." "That was my first time, so yeah I was a bit shocked - but I wanted you to do what turned you on, and it did turn me on a bit being submissive like that - I actually got off on you raping my mouth with your tongue, and swallowing your saliva."

"Were you OK with the snowballing?"

"Oh, that was my first time as well - well, with a guy anyway, and that definitely turned me on - I guess I'm a bit of a cumslut." I laughed.

"Yeah that was my first time too - it's kinda hot isn't it?" he said.

We were stroking each other's cocks and as we talked we'd both gotten harder.

"Hey Mike, lay on your stomach and I'll give you a massage."

I wasn't sure where this was heading. Although I had told him I had no interest in anal, I was happy to tempt him with my butt.

He kneeled over me, with a leg on either side of my ass, and started massaging my shoulders and upper back. It felt really good. His cock shaft was resting in my butt crack, and I could feel him pressing his cock there as he massaged.

"Does this feel good?" he said, massaging my back.

'Hmmmm," I muffled into the sheets.

"How about this?" he asked, as he pushed his shaft against my butt crack.

"Hmmmm, especially that." I said squeezing my cheeks against him.

He reached into the bedside drawer, and got out a container of lube.

I'd stop him if he went too far "back there", but I suspected he just wanted to rub his cock against my butt crack, something which I know women enjoy - so I relaxed as he squeezed the lube onto my ass crack.

He pressed his cock back against my now slippery crack, and started sliding his shaft up and down, and it did feel good.

As he thrust up and down, I rocked my ass back and forth in time.

He was really grinding it hard into my butt cleavage, and I know he was imagining fucking me - fucking someone, maybe even a woman?

He stopped for just a second, and pulled my hips off the bed.

My ass was now in the air doggie style, and he stroked his cockhead up and down my butt crack. He got the lube container, and put some more lube on my crack, and some on the end of his cock.

"Spread your legs a bit" he said.

I was actually a bit worried that he was going to try and fuck me, but he ran his cock head the full length of my crack, put his cock between my legs so that it rested under my cock and balls, and then he reached around and grabbed both our cocks and started wanking them as he pushed his hips against my ass.

Our cocks were both slippery with lubrication, and his hands sliding over my cock head felt good.

I was OK with this doggie fucking simulation, and I felt my orgasm rising.

"I'm going to cum" I said, as he fake fucked me - and he put his free hand under my cock head to catch my ejaculation.

I shuddered to a climax, and shot some small squirts into his hand.

I was out of juice, for a couple of days at least.

He put his hand to his mouth and sucked my cum off his palm.

He then pushed me face down on the bed and began earnestly fucking my butt crack, sliding his cock shaft up and down the cleavage.

I liked it, and pushed back against his thrusts like the best women do when I fuck them from behind.

Andy's thrust were becoming faster and harder and I sensed he was getting close.

"Fuck me Andy - Fuck me hard!!" I said. 

He inhaled a quick breath, shuddered and I felt his cum squirt on my back. 

He let out a low satisfied moan as he milked his cock onto me, and then he licked and slurped whatever cum there was into his mouth.

He also started licking any residual lube off me, sliding his tongue down my butt crack.

I was worried that he was going to "rim" me (lick my asshole) but thankfully he didn't.

I've never wanted to cross the asshole line.

Andy later gave me a lift back to my car, thanking me for the tennis match and "what happened after."

I told him that I'd had a great time, but frankly I felt a bit uncomfortable.

I think he was more gay than bi, and although I may have been his first I'm sure I wasn't his last.

He did want to meet up again, but I made some excuses in the short term and then told him that I had a girlfriend - which was eventually true.

I may have been Andy's first, but I'm sure I wasn't his last.