 My legs were shaking. My knees felt weak, my hands sweaty and clammy. My eyes didn't focus on anything, they just stared blankly forwards, they should have been focussing on everything, scanning every person I passed or car that zoomed past in case it was someone I knew, giving me a reason to abort what I was doing. But I didn't , instead I staggered onwards like a junkie heading towards his fix.

I thought I had beaten it. Thought I had got the desire out of my system. Quenched the thirst as it were. It is six months now since I last came this way to the public toilets in town and waited to see if anyone came whose cock I could suck. Like I say, I was over it, I was certain, done with it, my experimentation finally over this time, but during the past few weeks the thoughts have once again invaded my mind, taken me over, pervaded my waking thoughts and I've realised I needed to do it again. Needed to feel the shame I enjoy feeling as I let other men use my mouth as a cum receptacle.

I guess I've being doing this now for nearly five years, ever since I was eighteen. I've stopped before, this was actually the second longest I've been stopped (I managed a whole year while I dated this kinky girl from college), but I've fallen off the wagon now and need to feel the buzz. Need to experience the excitement of entering that creepy, cold building and locking myself behind that big door and stripping naked and waiting to see if it is my lucky day or not. But what is lucky? Is it just feeling the excitement and anticipation of my debasement but not actually having to go through with it? Or is it actually taking a cock in my mouth and pleasuring it and feeling the intense shame of doing that. Doing it to a complete stranger, usually an older man who'll hold contempt for me in his eyes as he fucks my face. I've never decided, maybe today will finally answer the question. I doubt it though, I'm an addict, and I don't think I'll ever be able to kick the habit fully.

Anyway with all those thoughts swirling round my head I made it to the entrance to the car park that the toilet block was in. I could hear the blood thundering around my body as I crossed the road, taking a quick glance at the cars parked and dotted around the park. Would there be anyone in them watching my progress and wondering what I was doing? Wondering if I was waiting for them? It's Saturday afternoon and in the distance I can hear kids shouting and playing in a nearby park and the noises of a football match in progress. People going about their normal weekend routine. I go through my old routine too. Peering around the side of the old stone cubicles to the urinal trough to make sure there's no-one in already. Checking behind each of the open cubicle doors for anyone. It's clear and I sighed a sigh of relief and sneak into the first cubicle, the one on the far side so that only one other cubicle is on my left hand side. I slammed the old metal bolt home and take a moment to take in my surroundings.

The walls have obviously been painted since the last time I stood here, there's less graffiti than usual which makes what is there stand out all the more.

"LAST FRIDAY NITE I SUCKED OFF AN OLD GUY WEARING STOCKINGS AND SUSPENDERS"

"COCKSUCKING FUN HERE ON SUNDAY MORNINGS, ALL AGES WELCOME. I LOVE BIG DICKS"

"MY ARSE AND MOUTH ARE YOURS TO FILL"

I remember my own days of writing stuff similar to that and some of the messages I left, always signing myself Nancy Boy. It made me feel so dirty and nasty. I shook my head and smiled, whatever misgivings I had were now forgotten and start to pull my clothes off, dumping them in the corner of the cubicle, beside the cistern. As a chill wind blows in from the front door and whistles under the gap under the door to my cubicle, turning my pale flesh to instant gooseflesh and sending a shiver of excitement up my spine. It's good to be back and I get the feeling today will bring something special.

I am naked quickly and the feel of the cold, stone floor on the soles of my feet sends another buzz through me. I look down at my cock and see that I am totally erect. And it is evident to me that I am harder than I have been since I last did this. Harder than when I've jacked off to sexy music videos, or slutty photo shoots of celebrities or some of those hardcore porn videos I own. Harder even than when I last fucked a girl (three weeks ago, Gillian, a meaningless fuck I picked up in a club in town at the end of a Saturday night).

I stood there feeling the cold air run over my excited body and my hand reached for the clammy length of my six inch long cock and as I scanned the walls for more graffiti I began to stroke my cock. Outside I heard a car race past then one slowing down, could this be someone coming in? 

My question is answered seconds later as I hear echoing footsteps at the entrance and I stop breathing and stand stock still, my heart in my mouth for an instant. I listened to the footsteps moved confidently along the row of doors and assumed it was just a normal guy in to relieve himself. I gave a silent sigh of relief and disappointment, but just as I began to relax my body the door in the cubicle next to mine banged shut, the noise reverberating through the whole small building! My heart was beating a hundred to the dozen and I slowly moved my head to watch the gaps at the bottom and top of the cubicle wall for any tell tale signs of whoever was my new neighbour trying to communicate with me. Of course they may have been someone in who needed a more substantial visit to the toilet ,but I doubted it, not here. As a universal sign that next door was a willing partner I started to slap my dick hard on the palm of my hand, making quite the noise in the confined, silent surroundings. And there it was! A pale hand appearing down low, under the stone partition and pointing towards the door.

"Open the door."

The whispered voice that drifted up to me could hardly have been more conspiratorial. I gave another involuntary full body shiver and reached out a shaking hand to draw back the metal bolt, it pulled out with a noisy metallic clang. He would certainly know the door was open now. And then I found myself sinking onto my bare knees submissively waiting for whoever I was to enter.

If my mouth wasn't open when the door swung inwards, it certainly was when I looked up and saw that standing in the doorway was a police officer! God, what I must have looked like as I scrabbled to get to my feet and try to cover up my manhood. But there was no humour in his face as he shouted out.

"Freeze, you little pervert! Don't move a muscle, hands against the wall."

I did as he instructed and cringed as he patted me all over, showing no concern as he patted my naked body. I stammered and tried to speak but he slapped me hard on the ass and told me to shut up before hauling me by the arm out of the cubicle and quickly fastening a pair of stiff handcuff around my wrists behind my back. In seconds my world had seemingly fallen apart.

He shoved me face first hard against the cold wall and as I stayed there he disappeared back out of the block leaving me alone, which, if I didn't have other things on my mind, I would have found unusual. However, right then I was imagining what a mess I was in. I was thinking about visits to the police cells, an appearance in court, the report in the local paper, my family's reaction to it all, my work colleagues and friends finding out. My gelled, spiky, black hair was being flattened against the wall and I gave a sob and wished that I had never done this. Then the policeman re-entered the block, swinging his night stick and with a very strange smile across his face. I turned my head slowly along the wall to look at him, barely finding the courage to match his gaze. He snapped off his sunglasses and I stared at his cold, blue eyes. He had really short blonde hair and was very well built and put together; I'd imagine he'd be very muscled under his uniform.

"Well, well little boy. It looks like you're in a whole heap of trouble, doesn't it? . I bet you got a good looking, hot little girlfriend too, doesn't know that you secretly crave cock, don't you? What's the matter, she not satisfying you? You looking for something more?"

It took me a moment to realise that something was definitely wrong with this. I hadn't had many dealings with the police in my life but no way would they be keeping me here and speaking like this, no way. And then as he stood by me I felt his hand reach down a take my balls in his hand and give them a good hard squeeze, his hand expertly cupping my hairy balls and sending shooting sensations through them.

"You know if you are good to me then maybe I can make sure this doesn't have to turn too bad for you, know what I mean?"

Looking at him and hearing his slow voice, emphasising the word 'good' the penny suddenly dropped. We shared a look and both knew we were on the same page. He voiced what we were both thinking.

"After all you came here to suck some cock, why not mine?"

"But we might be…"

"No. My partners outside guarding the entrance, no one will be disturbing us. Course, he'll need his turn once I'm satisfied. Come on, it's up to you either keep us happy or face the legal consequences and embarrassment. Make your mind up bitch!"

There really only one possible choice and I dropped my eyes from his and sunk down onto my knees. The cuffs really restricted my arms and I made to ask him to take them off but he just hushed me and told me it would be 'more exciting like that'. Indeed it would.

He unzipped his regulation black trousers and whipped out just the biggest cock that I had ever laid eyes on. It was semi- stiff already and only getting bigger. It must have been at least nine inches and looked like it would stretch to longer and it was just so thick looking! Especially so close up.

I was mesmerised by it, this is what I had come here for (although these were hardly the circumstances I had imagined there was no denying it added an extra thrill to proceedings) and I was quickly forgetting everything else as he moved towards me. I unconsciously licked my lips and then strained forward and opened my mouth in anticipation. Actually, I nearly lost my balance, falling forward as I struggled to adjust to my arms being so tightly pinned behind my back. I wanted to savour it, to roll the huge helmet in my mouth and slobber it up, that's what I wanted but not what I got as the cop wasted no time in thrusting forward and jamming the thing half way down my throat on it's first pass.

The rush of feelings to my mind was almost immediate, guilt, shame, excitement and then as he quickly started to gag me with his massive member they were ignored as I tried to concentrate on breathing through my nose. I closed my eyes and savoured the taste and the sensations, my erection, which had shrivelled pretty damn quickly when I was busted was springing back into life and I even felt it brush the cold floor as I struggled to keep up on my knees.

"Look at me while you suck me off boy! I wanna see the whites of your eyes as you please me."

My God he was so dominant and aggressive as he stood over me barking out orders to me in his Police uniform, whether I wanted to or not I was obeying him. Somehow my mouth managed to accommodate the length of his sticky cock and I felt his pubic hairs tickling at my nostrils and his big, heavy balls bouncing off my chin. His strong hands held my head in place as he pounded relentlessly into my submissive mouth. I felt my lips stretching wide as he thundered in and I made a series of involuntary gagging noises that echoed through the toilet block. His cock bounced off the top of my mouth as he rammed it deeper and he positioned his legs either side of my kneeling body , forcing his crotch right up onto my face.

The cop started to grunt and breath even heavier than before and I watched with horror and fascination as he pinched my nostrils between his thumb and fore finger, which with his thick cock blocking my mouth rendered me without air . My eyes widened and looked up to appeal to him but my fucker was lost in his own rapture, his eyes screwed shut as he grunted and thrusted himself to climax. Tears were forming in my eyes as his rhythm finally started to slow and his cock entered my mouth slower and slower, allowing at least some air into my lungs. That air was swiftly followed by a stream of thick, sticky cum that landed in my throat and slid satisfyingly down it. He just kept spurting cum into my mouth. I mean I had taken cum in my mouth before but never this much and his balls just seemed to keep churning more and more white stuff into me until some spilled from my lips and dripped onto the stone floor.

Still chugging down his man juice I glanced up to see an unhappy look on my policeman's face.

"You ungrateful little bastard! How dare you drop some of my cum! Get down there and lick it up."

Wiping off his shrinking dick he grabbed me by the hair and pulled me over and thrust my face towards the floor. I was definitely a little fearful given my situation and I stuck out my tongue and began to lap enthusiastically at the drops of cum on the floor, ignoring the fact that the urinal trough was just inches away from where I was debasing myself.

"That's a good little bitch, you finish that up and I'll go and get Carl, he's gonna love your lily white ass boy!"

I waited there on the floor, not bothering to try and move from my kneeling position (to be honest I would probably have fallen over if I had tried to rise, with my hands cuffed in the manner they were). It wasn't long before I heard hard footsteps on the tiled entrance followed by an imposing shadow falling across the doorway. I looked up and immediately I was in awe of the man who entered. He stood in the doorway to the toilets and damn near filled it. He must have been about six foot six tall with just the broadest shoulders and chest you could imagine. He had his cap in his hand and as he advanced I cowered below the tall, black policeman. He rubbed his chin as if deciding something important and when he pulled his hand away he flashed me a beaming smile.

"So Sarge says you're a cock sucker, that right?"

I nodded meekly, humbly before him.

"Well that's fine but I like using another holes as well, if you know what I mean."

As he spoke these loaded words he drew down his zipper and released a dick which dwarfed even his colleagues. He must have seen the look of surprise, envy and worry on my face and chuckled. "Yep sonny, that is going in you're asshole, think it'll fit?"

His laugh suggested he thought it would be a tight squeeze and certainly as I knelt there contemplating it, the thought of it entering me scared the hell out of me. I'm not really into being fucked in the ass, I far more enjoy the sensations of sucking cock and the prospect of that thing penetrating me with the weight of the cop behind it and my arms useless was not encouraging. But it didn't appear as if I would be having any say in proceedings. Then he chuckled again in his deep voice and flipped his hardening dick in front of my mouth and intoned.

"Better get licking, get some slobber on it because where I'm fixing on ramming it your gonna want it!"

As if to emphasise the point her gripped his huge cock in his right hand and waggled it at me as he neared, eventually he was slapping me, humiliatingly, across my lips and cheeks with it. The shame and humiliation of being treated like that in this place sent a buzz throughout my body and I flapped at his cock with my mouth trying to capture it. It was just like a game to the large cop as he evaded my mouth and laughed as he bitch slapped me with his dick. And then all of a sudden it popped into my mouth and I started sucking on it like a baby with it's pacifier.

I immediately began sucking hard on the smooth black skin, accepting it deeper with each suck and at the same time trying to cover it in saliva, working my tongue into his piss hole and rolling it under the foreskin. My arms ached now but I kept on sucking at it as if my life depended upon it. Soon his dick was a wet, slippery mess as it rammed into my mouth, but too soon he deliberately pulled it from my mouth and slowly ordered me.

"Well done Bitch, now turn around and show me your white ass!"

I seemed to freeze, caught between doing what he said and trying to talk my way out of this, doubt suddenly taking over my mind. Carl seemed to see this indecision and nodded to himself and reached down for my hair and roughly pulled me around to once again face the urinal trough. I yelped at his treatment of my hair but with my arms still pinned behind me there was little I could do, and we both knew it. He placed his big, shovel-like hand on the back of my head and pushed it right down to the cold tiles, as a result I felt my lower half rise up and instantly I knew that my ass was now totally available and accessible to him. I braced myself and said a silent prayer to whatever god would listen and then I felt the tip of his penis touch my ass cheeks and slowly part them like a plough parting snow.

Thank goodness I had coated it's length with my saliva, but even with that slobber it was extremely uncomfortable as it slid down to my puckered anus and began to press inside. I winced and grimaced as he pressed on, maybe some of my issues were more mental that actual as I felt a good few inches shoot in on his first thrust, and while there was a little discomfort, there was just as much pleasure to be felt as it filled my ass up. It felt totally different to the few times I had had it done to me before. Then it had been rushed and quick and (if you'll excise the pun) half assed. Now it was slow and deliberate and the sensations as it filled me up were unlike anything I had experienced before as it slid deeper and deeper and seemed to get larger ass it went. I arched my body in ecstasy as it ran over and pressed on my prostate gland. He gripped my hips and leaned forward, reaching forward he presented his hard Policeman's night stick at my mouth.

"Here Bitch, bite down on this. We don't want no-one hearing this."

I did as I was told and clamped my mouth around the hard plastic and seconds later I knew why as he pulled his cock most of the way back and rammed forward into backside with such force that I felt sure he had split me in two! And once he had started he wasn't about to stop, he thundered into me full force, jamming his huge black, thick shaft as far down my asshole as is imaginable. I thought I would never sit down again in my life. I gritted my teeth on the hard object between them and screwed my eyes closed as I listened to the big policeman's grunts and the noise of his big, hairy balls bouncing off my ass cheeks.

It seemed like we were the only two people in the world at that point, and there was no doubt as to who was in control of things. It wasn't me, that's for sure, as right then my face was flat on the stained tiles of the toilet, only inches from the urinal trough. With each mighty grunt and thrust into me he moved me further forward until my head (and specifically my nose!) was just over the yellowed, pungent ceramic. I felt so humiliated, debased ,dirty and low but also so fucking good. Even more so as my own cock was now straining at it's skin and desperate for a touch to relieve it. But this wasn't about pleasuring me, the big cop was all about his own fun and certainly seemed to be getting it slamming into my tight ass. His thrusts and grunts were starting to get more erratic and I reckoned he was nearly ready to cum, one part of me prayed that he would pull out and cum on my back while another, darker, part of me hoped he would cum deep within my bowels. It was the latter that occurred to my eternal shame and pleasure!
