 It was the beginning of summer. I was doing what I do daily. Get on line, into the local chat rooms and make myself available to those men seeking service. My interest is not that they are gay, str8t, married, single, black, white, cut , uncut or any other category...just that they need to get off and are trolling around themselves looking for a willing mouth and throat.

I identified my location and received an I M from someone named Kevin from my city. We went through the preliminary questions: stats, desires, etc. Looked like we had both found what we were seeking. We are both closeted. I am single middle aged with girl friend and hungry for mancock and spunk on the side. He identified as straight. Period.

He typed that he was 19, 5-8, 150, smooth, black and 8 thick inches with full orbs needin release. He was home for summer break. We made arrangements to meet in a local city park. I had a place to play.

At the agreed upon time, someone drove into the lot meeting his stats. I ventured over to his car and struck up the usual banter conversation. When we were, satisfied we were there for each other, I said: "Kev?" 

He said. "Yes." 

"Follow me."

We drove to my empty office. My heart pounding in anticipation of this young hot college stud. When we arrived and he got out of his car I saw the promise in his crotch straining against the fabric.

In the office, I reached my hand down to feel that young hard rod. Leading him to the back office, I stood him in front of the chair where I would impale my skull on that pole. I got to my knees and unbuckled and unbuttoned what kept me from his manhood. Dropping the jeans, I was introduced to his full, tented boxers. What is it about me and boxers and man dick??? I slipped the query out of the slit and moistened it with warm saliva, lubing the head for its impending assault. Tentatively, I went down on him and he pushed forward. I moaned happily. Pulling off him, I dropped his boxers and sat him down. Though he was silent, his breathing had increased and his cock fully hardened with blood.

Now, I was in complete control. Down my throat I guided him. His cockhead was behind my tonsils. His balls were against my chin. I reached for his hands and placed them on my head letting him know I wanted to be taken. I wasn't interested in breathing. We fell into a rhythm quickly. I jacked his dick with my mouth and throat while he guided me with his hands. His hips started that involuntary dance against my face and I knew it wouldn't be long. He may never have experienced this good and full a blow job in his life. When I looked up at him his head was thrown back, eyes closed, lost in my mouth.

I felt his sack tighten. His already hard cock got stiffer yet. I had already tasted that slight saltiness that is the prelude to the final emptying thrusts. I did everything I could to get him deeper, fuller into me. He pushed my head down and he thrust himself up helping me. There was a heat coming off both our bodies. I was stroking myself, not to get off, but to be edged to enhance the hunger....a hunger that would soon be filled but only temporarily satisfied as all serious cocksuckers understand. 

It was time.

His silence was broken by a stifled grunt. His entire body jumped. Down my throat, behind my tonsils, I felt his head and shaft flex repeatedly--expanding the sides of my throat. Then the warm, white jerks of stud spunk, his baby batter, cock snot flowed causing that involuntary swallowing that milked as much as I could. When he subsided, I slid him out of me only to see that final vein full of mother lode squirt out of his thick dick and down the shaft. I cleaned if fully down.

We were finished. I wanted him to assure me I had done well for him and inflamed his ego letting him know how hot and tasteful he was. He stood and I redressed him. He began to leave...a blow-n-go, after all..but I had him promise, PROMISE another meeting sometime soon. I would blow him through the summer I told him. He did feed me a few more times but never enough to keep me satisfied. I ask if he has buddies in need but so far, No.

I still chat with Kevin whenever I see him online, letting him know I want/need to repeat. He told me to write this for everyone else to read and to help him get off. Here it is Kev. I want you that much. My mouth has only had him an additional 2 times. I need more. He is hot.. Studly. Hung. Masculine.