 I had recently graduated high school when we decided to hang out; I had never thought anything like this would happen to me. Sometimes, things just happen...

We were watching TV in my bedroom and enjoying the beer that we smuggled into my parent's house. There were three of us - my best friend, his brother and myself.

It was an ordinary night - three guys hanging out and enjoying good times. Anyway, we were feeling good and we decided we would pop in some porn (just for fun). We were watching the movie, laughing about what the people were doing, and talking about our previous conquests. I'm not sure how it happened, but eventually we found ourselves sitting in different directions pretending not to notice that we were all stroking under our pants.

What are we doing? Who cares! We knew that we all do it so it didn't matter that we were in the same room. We ended up talking about getting head and the girls who had done it for us. We had never been with the same girls and to be honest we were probably making most of it up. What guy doesn't?

During that very awkward conversation, I started to have a feeling in the pit of my stomach and found that my mouth was watering. That's when I made a very bold statement... If you suck me I will suck you. Mike, my best friend, was a little freaked out by the conversation and decided it was time to go home. I wasn't really talking to him anyway. I thought that I had inadvertently crossed that line; I was feeling very vulnerable. Did I just mess up my friendship?

Once Mike left, it was just Danny and I.

At first he wasn't sure and then, reluctantly, he agreed. I assured him that I hadn't done this before and that I wouldn't speak a word of it. That is when I reached out and touched it. It was hard, but not all the way hard. It was larger than mine and it felt weird in my hand as I began to stroke it. I could tell by the look on his face that he was uncomfortable but I knew I had to have it in my mouth. We didn't look at each other, in the eyes, from that moment on.

After rubbing it for awhile, and it became even larger, he touched me on my shoulder which was a sign that it was time. At first I just licked his cock and put my lips around it's head. I began to feel an urge to suck it and I felt like I had to do it. I began to put it deeper in my mouth as I listened to him moan. I loved the way he sounded; I loved the way he moved as I had him in my mouth. I felt like I had control of him but at the same time he had control of me.

His cock felt so good in my mouth and I began to play with his balls. I moved my tongue furiously. I hadn't anticipated how good it would make me feel and my own cock was fully-grown. I rubbed it as I sucked him and it became my mission to make him cum. I went after it vigorously as I felt him swell even more; he twisted his legs around me tightly. Time stood still as I alternated between sucking his cock and worshiping it - rubbing it on my face as I lusted for his cum.

I had no idea what it would be like to taste his cum, but I didn't care. It had to be mine. I could feel his cock flex and throb in my mouth and I began to taste his pre-cum. I loved the sweet taste and I loved that I was making it happen. I kept on it as he began to moan even louder and I could taste even more. It was as though it was meant to be - meant for me.

At last his head jerked back, his body shook, and he put his hand on the back of my head. He shot his load in my mouth as he moaned even louder. I could feel it in my mouth -it was warm- and I felt it as it began to trickle from the corners of my mouth. I kept sucking as I swallowed most of his cum. It was amazing! I loved it - every minute - every drop!

When I was finished, and I wiped my mouth on my shirt and he rolled over. He went to sleep without another word. I hadn't had mine, but strangely that was okay. I realized that I had what I wanted even if I didn't know it was what I wanted when this crazy night began.

Did that really just happen, I asked myself as I lay there with the taste of him cum in my mouth. I went to sleep.

When we saw Mike the next day he didn't ask any questions; neither did we feel the need to tell him about the night we had after he left.

Would anything like this ever happen again?