 I heard about the spot in the park from a guy I met online. He was an older white man. Not particularly good looking. Didn't have a great body. Didn't have a great cock, but I needed cock and he was the only one who responded to my craigslist ad that day and I went with it. 

We met at a nearby seven eleven so I could check him out before inviting him back to my place. He walked in and was pretty much as he described himself. We talked and he seemed normal enough so we went back to my place. 

He came inside and stripped down immediately. Very eager. Is 6 inch cock was at full attention and throbbing. He sat down on my couch, I stripped down to my panties, kneeled in front of him and went to work on his cock. 

He nearly came two minutes into the blowjob. I knew I wanted to get fucked. Even though his cock wasn't black like I like and it wasn't huge like I like, I slowed down and told him I wanted him inside me. 

I got down on my hands and knees, reached back and pull the string of my purple thong to the side and started fingering my ass. Pushing two fingers in and out. I looked back at him. He was sitting there stroking. His cock slippery with my spit. He kneeled behind me and rubbed his cock head against my eager hole before pushing it in. He wasn't big but I loved it anyway. The feeling of a real man using me. Using my faggot hole. 

Unfortunately the feeling didn't last long. Within three minutes I felt his load inside me. He pulled out, exhausted. Sweating and sat back down on the couch. I turned around and crawled to him and took his average sized dick down my throat. Tasting my ass on him. Bobbing my head up and down sucking out the last of his cum. 

He went to the bathroom to clean up and i stayed on the floor kneeling, feeling his cum dripping down my thighs. I scooped it up with my fingers and jerked my tiny pathetic excuse for a dick. Before he got out of the bathroom I shot my load into the palm of my hand where his load was, brought it up to my mouth and licked it clean. 

He got dressed and that's when he told me about this place a little bit into the woods in a local spot where gay men apparently meet. He said he's there a few times a week letting local faggots suck him off. I didn't particularly like the idea of kneeling in the dirt, but I do love cock so I figured I might try it out some day.

That Saturday I went to the park. It was a nice day. Warm. The park wasn't packed but there were plenty of people. Families. Kids. As I walked towards the entrance to the woods I felt pretty low. Here are all these happy people having fun and here I am, hoping that there are real men in the woods waiting for a blowjob. 

I walked maybe fifty yards in and looked around. There was a clearing. A big boulder in one corner and no one around. I was about to leave when I heard footsteps and someone approached. 

He was older. In his 40s maybe. Hispanic. Overweight with a big gut but not huge. Wearing a polo shirt and jeans. 

"You sucking?" he said in a heavy accent. I nodded yes and he walked towards me. I looked around, nervous. He undid his pants and pulled them and his underwear down. He had a very fat, uncut, half hard cock. He leaned back against the boulder and I kneeled in front of him. 

I took his cock head in my mouth, licking it all around. I put my hand on his shaft, pulling back his forskin and licked all around the head, feeling him swell and get harder in my mouth. He was fully hard now and I went to work on his cock, now hard and about 8 inches. Low hanging hairy balls. I cupped them in my hand and deepthroated his hard dick. He moaned in pleasure as I gagged on him, his pubes tickling my nose. I swallowed it over and over, gagging, slobbering. Squeezing his balls. My drool dripping out my mouth and hitting the ground. 

Then I heard leaves crunching and someone approaching. I took his cock out of my mouth and looked toward the noise, terrified it was a cop but it was just another horny guy. Youngish white guy. Maybe in his 20s. Slim. Athletic. I looked into his eyes as I took the dripping wet cock back in my mouth. He just stood there. Watching. I felt like such a whore. 

Sucking one strangers cock while another was watching. The new guy started rubbing himself through his pants. I motioned with my finger for him to come closer, still deepthroating the Hispanic guys cock. 

I reached over with my hand and rubbed the new guys cock through his pants. I let off the cock in my mouth, panting, drooling on myself. 

"Are you gonna watch or are you gonna feed me your cock?"

He looked around, probably as paranoid as I was earlier but now I was high on cock. Wanting more. 

He unzipped and pulled out an already hard 7 incher. Cut. Not thick but not too thin. I swallowed it in one motion as I stroked the other cock. Slurping on the new white cock. Switching back to the Hispanic. 

I went back and forth between the two, stroking one while I sucked the other. I felt my eyes tearing up from all the gagging. My drool flowing out the corners of my mouth. 

The Hispanic cock was balls deep and I was stroking the white cock when I heard leaves crunching again. I pulled off the cock and continued to stroke both of them as a middle aged white guy approached. He looked like he was one of the family men playing with his kids that I saw on my way into the woods. 

I went back to sucking, assuming he would take out his cock to feed to me. He did take it out, but just watched. I reached out to stroke it but he backed up a few steps and kept stroking. I shrugged and went back to work. 

Another five minutes of gagging and slobbering and I felt the Hispanic man start to throb. I took his head in my mouth and stroked the shaft, still stroking the white cock. The Hispanic man filled my mouth with cum, grunting. He stepped back, breathing hard and fast. Zipped up and quickly walked out. 

I held his load in my mouth and took the white cockhead in, stroking fast and hard. It didn't take long before he fed me his load. He leaned against the boulder, sweaty and spent. I looked over at the third guy, tilted my head back and opened my mouth wide to show him my load. 

He came toward me and jerked his cock in front of my face. I opened wider as his breath quickened and he exploded. Some landing in my mouth but most all over my face. He quickly zipped and almost ran out. The younger guy was watching, a glazed look in his eyes. I looked up at him, pushed the cum on my cheeks and forehead into my mouth and swallowed every drop. 

I looked around to see if anyone else was coming and it was just us. I stood up. 

"Can you go again?" I asked. 

He moved towards me and pushed his half hard cock in my mouth. I took it deep, feeling him get hard. He pumped in and out my throat for about ten minutes before he fed me another load. 

He zipped up his pants and left. 

I go back every few weeks. I rarely get fed as much cum as that time but I always manage to swallow at least one load.