 I'm have been torn for years about whether or not I am gay. Years ago I had an experience with a hitchhiker that lead me to write and post on Lit a story titled Am I Gay?

What I am about to tell will answer that question once and for all.

I began an online correspondence with a guy after meeting him on a gay chat site. Like me he is married, but is much younger than me. We would chat on yahoo messenger and talk about sucking cock and how much we both wanted to try it. 

Then one day he went on cam and displayed an awesome 7" cock that just took my breath away. It was the most gorgeous cock I had ever seen and I was totally enamored with it. I knew the first time I saw it, I wanted to suck it so bad. 

Up to this point we had not discussed where we each lived. I told him I was in North Carolina and asked where he was located. He responded, and I was blown away he was less than 40 miles from me.

We got online for several days in a row and he would show me his gorgeous cock, which was always hard and standing tall. I knew I wanted to suck it and told him constantly. 

He would respond: he wanted for me to suck him and would demonstrate with his hand how my mouth would go up and down on his cock. This action would excite me to no end. I would jack off at night visualizing his demonstration of me sucking his cock.

Then he grew a little unsure about us actually meeting. I sensed that he felt if I sucked him that I would want him to reciprocate and suck me. I immediately told him it would not be necessary for him to suck me that I would be happy just sucking him. With that, he was ready to again start discussing arrangements for a meet.

He had been off work for a while, due to wrist surgery, and would have to soon return to work. And since I was retired it would be best to meet during a weekday while his wife was at work. I normally play golf on Tuesdays and Thursdays mornings so that gave me perfect cover.

We decided that I would drive to his town and we would meet in a Food Lion grocery store parking lot. I was worried about sucking a cock in a public parking lot and told him we need to find a safe secure place. After much discussion he finally said I could follow him home and pull my truck into his garage. I have a truck with a king cab so there would sufficient room to get in the back and suck his cock.

On the appointed day I drove the approximately 35 miles to his town and the Food Lion parking lot. As I was a little early, I waited nervously for the agreed upon time. The time came and passed and I waited an additional 45 minutes and finally decided he was not going to show.

Disappointed I drove home to find an e-mail waiting for me say that he waited on me at the Food Lion. I got online with yahoo messenger and found him online too. It turned out there were two Food Lions in his town and we were each waiting at different ones. I offered to drive back but he was sorry that I drove all that way for nothing. We decided that we would schedule another meet later, but because he was going back to work it would probably have to be on a weekend. 

After several attempts to find a time to meet, we finally found a time that would work for both of us. Because he felt bad about me driving to his town the first time, he insisted on driving my way this time. The problem was to find a suitable location for our tryst. I considered getting a motel nearby but renting a motel room for a daytime tryst just didn't seem like a good idea. We decided that me sucking him in my truck as we had originally planned was still the best idea. I remembered a secluded area in the countryside near my town that would work. I could pull my truck into a grove of trees well off the road that would provide adequate privacy.

The day arrived, and like the first time, I was very nervous. We would meet at a local Walmart parking lot and he would get in my truck and we would drive to the selected site. When he pulled into the parking lot, my nervousness increased. This was the first time we had actually met face to face. I had seen him many times on cam and I had sent him pictures of me. As he got into my truck, I sensed he was as nervous as I was. Two married men, one a senior citizen and the other a relatively young (38 year old) man meeting for the first time for oral sex was almost surreal. 

As we had previously discussed, he was wearing sweat pants and a tee shirt and no underwear. This would provide easy access to his cock.

We shook hands and exchanged pleasantries as I put the truck in gear and started driving out of the parking lot. I couldn't help looking at his crotch. An obvious bulge was sticking up. I was in a state of lust like I had never experienced before. I had seen his cock many times on cam, but could not wait to see it for real and feel it.

I almost stammered as I said, "could you please take it out for me to see?"

Without speaking he pulled the front of his sweats down and his cock appeared. I was having a hard time keeping my eyes on the road as I was driving. I was catching quick glimpses of his hard cock as he pulled it out and slowly stroked it.

I couldn't wait to get to the secluded spot. When I got to the location, I pulled the truck off the road and slowly drove into the trees and turned around so the front of the truck was pointed back toward the road.

I said, "we need to get in the back." 

This was necessary as my truck had a center console, which made sucking his cock in the front almost impossible. We quickly moved to the back. 

As we settled in I reached over and felt his cock thru his sweats and his body jerked as my hand touched his cock. I pulled the sweats down fully exposing his cock. I took hold of his cock for the first time and felt him quiver as I slowly stroked his cock. I could wait to get it in my mouth. 

I leaned over and licked the head and he jerked. I kept licking and worked my tongue into the pee slit. He moaned as I slowly sucked the head into my mouth. I continued to suck the head as he jerked and moaned. I let more cock into my mouth as I went down as far as I could. As his cock hit the back of my throat, I gagged a little. I withdrew some and settled into a bobbing up and down motion sucking his cock making sure not to go to far and cause me to gag. 

I loved sucking his hard cock and the feel of it throbbing in my mouth. I had wanted to suck his cock for weeks. I was sucking cock for the first time in years and knew I would suck this gorgeous cock many more times. 

As I continued to suck his cock he started thrusting his cock up into my mouth. This was a forewarning that he was going to cum. I remembered someone telling me to let the cock go as deep as I could take it so the cum would hardly be tasted when let loose. That way any bad taste would be minimized. I had told him I would probably not let him cum in my mouth the first time but hopefully would be able to do lit later as I got better and more experience at sucking cock. But as he continued to thrust his cock in my mouth, I knew I would not be able to pull off. 

Then he moaned and loudly said, "I'm cumming. I'm cumming" as jets of cum spurted into my mouth and throat. 

Several large blasts followed by several smaller blasts. I swallowed as hard as I could not wanting to gag and choke. I kept swallowing as he stopped thrusting and relaxed. His cock slowly slipped from my mouth sliding thru my lips.

The taste was somewhat salty and bitter yet kind of sweet. That is when I realized the taste of cum could become addictive. I already knew that sucking cock was addictive.

I look up at him and saw his eyes were closed. 

I asked, "how long will it take for you to get it up again?"

"I want to suck you again before you have to go." 

He said, "that was totally amazing, it was better than any blow job my wife ever gave me."

"Please suck me hard and get me off again."

And I, of course, complied.