 Paul and I had been best friends for years, as long as I had started teaching at the local middle school and worked alongside of his wife, Megan. Megan and my wife, Debbie, had become quick friends and we were soon all hanging out together in various places. We hung out at school events, social events and also just hanging out in the guy/guy and girl/girl sense.

Paul and I decided to get a golf membership one summer since I was off from teaching middle school and would have time to hang out sometime. Neither one of us were very good but we enjoyed playing and since we had the mentality of 12 year olds we would laugh at golf terms like shaft, wood, strokes and balls...as most guys do. During one instance, I said I was like Tiger Woods when I hit a drive and then Paul said "Tiger Wuss" when I missed a short putt on the final hole (giggity).

"You played good until the last 3 holes," I said to Paul as we were heading toward the clubhouse. "I will take that 2 stroke win."

To be honest, neither of us were all that great and both shot over 90. If you know much about golf, that's decent for amateurs players but not real good at all. I had to rub it in with Paul though since he typically played about even or better against me.

"Suck my dick," Paul replied with a laugh, as he normally did when I sideways insulted him.

"Put it in my hand," was my usual reply. I knew he would never do it but that was what I would always reply to anyone who said that. I would usually tell them that if they were 'man enough' to put it in my hand then I would be 'man enough' to suck it. That was usually the end of the discussion. I never thought about what would happen if someone actually took me up on the offer to put it in my hand. I mean, I had sucked a guy off before but it was through a glory hole back in college and I didn't know him. I am not sure how I would react if a friend actually did it.

The golf day ended with me besting Paul and we decided to go back to his house and play a video game. We often played MLB baseball at either his house or mine at least 2-3 times a week. We had a season set up and it took a while to be able to play a full season since there were 162 games per season. We got to his house and his wife, Megan, was there with their young child that was the same age as my oldest daughter. She rarely bothered us while we were playing and I think she liked the break since Paul would often play the video game with his daughter on his lap.

Paul and I would talk about normal shit while we were playing and every time I hit a homerun off of his pitcher he would say his usual 'suck my dick.' I would just laugh because it wasn't often that I could even get a hit off of Paul. Somehow he knew that I couldn't lay off of the change up so he kept burning me with it.

On this particular evening, my wife called Megan and asked if she wanted to come over to our house and get in the pool with the kids. Megan, quick to get out in the sun, jumped at the chance to take her little one and head to get some rays with my wife and our two daughters. This also made it easier for Paul and I to relax and have a couple of drinks. Neither of our wives were big fans of drinking but when they weren't around, it didn't take long for Paul to pop open a cold one. I have also been a vodka fan so I would mix myself a screwdriver and sit back down in front of the console and focus on baseball.

As we played on and I started to get a buzz, my mind started to think about odd things. Since our wives were best friends as well, I knew a few things about Paul and Megan's sex life that I probably shouldn't have known. I also know that he probably knew things about mine that he shouldn't. Debbie had told me that Megan didn't give blow jobs and I wondered why the hell he would even stay with her before they had they child. I can't imagine being in a relationship where my partner didn't want to give me head. Debbie loved it and did it often.

Sometimes during our sex sessions we would fantasize about having a threesome and although we never did, it enhanced our sex life. On a few occasions we would talk during sex about her wanting to suck Paul's cock since his wife wouldn't. I would have loved to see his cock in her mouth while I fucked her.

I thought about what Paul was missing by not having someone to suck on his cock and not being able to blow his load into her mouth. I felt bad for him. As we played our baseball game I started to think about how I could get him to relax and maybe talk him into a threeway with me and Debbie (provided she would go for it). 

We had a couple more drinks and finally I hit a homerun off of his pitcher.

"Suck my dick," Paul said almost on cue.

"Put it in my hand," I replied as usual. We both laughed and moved on to the next hitter. I used that moment to add to the conversation and find out more about Paul.

"You say that a lot. How often does Megan suck you off?" I asked, already knowing the answer but it was a start.

"Never," Paul predictably replied, "she has some kind of issue with having things in her mouth and says she has a bad gag reflex. She did it a couple times earlier in our marriage but now it is basically nothing. What about Debbie?"

"Almost every time we have sex," I told him. Which was true, Debbie loved having my cock in her mouth, "she loves sucking my dick."

"Must be nice," Paul replied.

"Yeah, maybe I can talk her into helping you out sometime. It's a longshot but she has talked about having a threesome a few times. It's probably just talk though but maybe."

"Damn," Paul said, "really? Not sure what to think about that."

"Haha, no promises."

We went back to playing baseball and had another drink. I could tell by his lack of pitching that he must have been thinking about something else. Maybe he was thinking about fucking Debbie. Maybe he was thinking about getting the head that he never got at all from his wife. Either way, he was distracted and I was taking advantage by hitting singles and doubles and scoring like crazy. He threw a fastball down the middle and I smashed it for a 450+ foot homer and Paul threw his controller across the room and yelled out.

"SUCK MY DICK," he was clearly frustrated and losing 9-4 while he got up to retrieve the controller. While he walked across the room, I could see that he was pitching a tent in his sweatpants. So he was thinking about Debbie's mouth or her pussy and this was why he wasn't on his A game.

"Put it in my hand," I said so as not to break our ritual.

He laughed and grabbed the controller and went back to his chair.

Paul took the next step in our conversation and asked, "What's the furthest you would ever go with a guy?"

"What??" I acted surprised and kinda offended.

"I mean, you always say 'put it in my hand' when I say 'suck my dick' and I was wondering if you would ever actually do something like that or if it is just something we say. Would you ever touch a guy in a gay way?"

This was now the time of truth. What should I say? The way he said it sounds like he might not like it if I said yes but then this might be the only chance I have to see what would happen. Do I risk my best friend? I decided to take the safe route.

"If a guy put it in my hand I would probably be shocked as fuck but I would stroke it just to show that I wasn't a piece of shit and good on my word."

Paul laughed, "Fag."

"Shut up"

We went back to playing baseball and I was pitching so there wasn't much conversation for a while. When it was Paul's turn to pitch, it seemed like he was just throwing balls right down the middle. For a while I was just missing everything, probably due to the drinking. 

Eventually I made contact and got a couple of runners on before I smashed a 3 run homerun to deep center making the score 14-6. Paul threw his controller down on the floor and screamed his usual comment. Once again, I said 'put it in my hand' and placed my hand out in an open position to the side of my head. Paul didn't say anything and I waited for the next pitch on the game. Nothing was happening on the screen so I started to turn my head to see if he had passed out since we had quite a few drinks.

Paul was right behind my head and had his dick out and about to place it in my hand. I sat there, stunned, with my hand still out as he slapped his cock into it. His cock was semi hard and although it was about average in length it was thicker than mine. I was kind of frozen in the moment. Paul broke the ice.

"Remember, you said you would stroke a guy. Don't be a liar."

I reached my hand around his cock and started rubbing it back and forth. As I did it started growing harder in my hand and I could see that it was a nice sized cock that might be a little above average but not huge or anything. It was so close to my face that I could smell his musky odor. I wanted to taste it but it was my best friend and he had only mentioned stroking it.

I slowly jacked his cock while he stood there in front of me. I couldn't believe that I had this man's cock in my hand. The first cock I had felt other than my own since that day back in college when I took one in my mouth. 

"There," I let loose of it hoping he would push the issue, "now I am not a liar."

Paul sat back down, his cock hard as a rock. 

"Damn, you sure didn't lie. Have you ever done anything like this before?"

I decided to tell him about my college experience. I mean, what did I have to lose now? I already had his cock in my hand and was stroking it. How much lower could he think of me now than he already did?

He sat there as I told him my story and his cock stayed rock hard. He was enthralled with my story and hung on every word, including when I let the guy cum in my mouth.

"You know that Megan doesn't suck my cock. I have to jack off a lot and usually watch blow job porn on the laptop while I do it. It's been quite a while since I had a good sucking."

As he said this, he rubbed his cock and made eye contact with me. I knew what he was insinuating. This was my best friend and he was basically saying that he wanted the blow job that his wife wouldn't give. I was torn but also very buzzed so I acted on my passion and walked over to where he was sitting.

I dropped to my knees and had his cock a mere inches from my face now. I gave him a look that asked if he was sure about this. He smiled with an affirmation,

"Suck my dick," Paul softly said.

I grasped his hard cock with a hand and cupped his balls in the other. I leaned down and licked the swollen head of his dick. It tasted better than the glory hole cock I had sucked many years ago. I wasn't sure if it was time or the fact that it was my friends cock this time instead of a stranger but I know I liked it. I licked down the shaft of his hard member and back up again.

Paul watched me sucking his cock and mentioned that he wished Megan did this for him. He placed his hand on the back of my head, guiding me to take his cock into my mouth. I got up to the top of his cock and opened my mouth to take him inside me. I rubbed his full balls and thought about how much cum he must have built up. I was hoping that he was going to fill my stomach with a large load when he was done.

I bobbed up and down on his hard cock trying as hard as I could to go further each time while I sucked it. Although he wasn't overly long, he was pretty thick and there was no way I could deepthroat it all. I stroked his dick while I sucked on him.

"Suck my cock, bitch," Paul said. I can't believe I was getting turned on by him calling me a bitch but I was.

"Megan won't suck it but my best friend knows how to help me out. I hope you like sucking my cock because I want you to do it a lot," Paul said, "and maybe we can add Debbie to our play sometime."

My own cock was throbbing while he talked about my wife and wanting me to suck his cock often. I wanted to have his cock in my mouth as much as I could. My cock sat hard between my legs as I took Paul into my mouth deeper than I ever had any cock. He placed his hands behind my head and pulled me down onto his throbbing member. I gagged and though I was going to have to pull off.

"No way man," Paul said as if he knew what was happening, "I am about to cum."

I felt his nuts tighten in my hands and knew he was going to feed me soon. I stroked on his cock and kept my mouth over the head of his beautiful dick. Paul grabbed the back of my head and forced it down on him. "I am gonna cum in your mouth, bitch." he insisted.

I was so turned on being talked to that way. No one had ever done that before but I got so fucking hard when he said those things to me. I was close to cuming myself just from sucking his cock and being talk to as a submissive bitch. I grabbed his cock and sucked harder.

"Oh, damn Rich, I am about to cum. Make sure you eat it all."

Paul's cock grew bigger and fatter and started to throb. I knew I was about to get my reward for sucking on this lovely cock. My hand cupped his big balls as they tightened up preparing to unload. His dick twitched and Paul started spraying his warm cum into my mouth. It was quickly evident that he hadn't shot in a while as his cum filled my mouth.

I thought that I was going to have to pull off because there was so much cum but I kept swallowing as quick as I could, feeling his warm cum make its way to my stomach. Paul held my head down as he unloaded his sweet juice making me take every drop. I stroked his cock and moved my mouth off of him. Each stroke brought more of his cum to the tip and I licked it off. I licked his warm balls as they loosened and his cock as it started to soften.

I had sucked my best friends cock and let him cum in my mouth. This was one of the best days ever. I did what his wife wouldn't do and gave him a great release. I knew this wouldn't be the last time I sucked his cock.

I picked up his controller and handed it to him. 

"Two outs, bottom of the 7th," I smiled and sat back in my seat.