 Everything felt perfect, and his smile told me this was really gonna happen this time. Unlike guys I'd hung out with before, this dude was ready, and wanted my attention. The huge bulge in his jeans told me even more than the fire in his eyes did. 

As he spread his legs out and slipped his sneakers off slowly, he had this look in his eyes that just pleaded with me for some attention. 

"Do you wanna suck my cock?" He said it like he knew he was about to make my dreams come true.

"Yes," I whispered, suddenly without a voice as time froze all around me. Before I knew it, he had undone the button and started to unzip for me. I reached over and helped him. "Take my jeans off," he said, and I answered my master's wishes. I would do anything this guy wanted right now, and his wish was my command. I slid his jeans off, feeling his warm, beautiful thighs and sexy calves as I did. I was on the floor in front of him, pulling the last of his jeans off...when he did it.

He gently pushed his feet onto my chest, pushing me away from him romantically, commanding my attention to his face. "I want you to suck my cock, baby. I want you to suck me 'til I cum in your mouth. Okay?" 

I nodded deliriously, completely under his spell, my own cock so hard inside my pants. He moved his feet off me and started peeling his underwear off. I helped him take them off, but my gaze was fixed now on his beautiful cock, a thin stream of pre-cum already glistening on his head.

I leaned in and wrapped my warm, wet lips and saliva-filled tongue over his cock. He moaned right away, loving the feel of my warm mouth on his cock. At first I sucked him hard, and fast, but he told me I could be more gentle. As if possessed by some ancient gay instinct, I just imagined what I would want, so I allowed my tongue to please him as much as the actual sucking. 

First I drooled a wad of saliva down on his cock, then slid it all around his shaft, wetting him and stroking him, making my hand like a hole he was fucking. I stroked him up and down, pausing now and then to kiss his shaft and suck his cock head. Then I licked him all over, up and down, over and over.

"Lick my balls," I heard him whisper in between deep moans. I eagerly obliged, diving into his balls like a new toy, my nose and tongue all over them. It was so hot just having a cock in my face in any way, but knowing how much he was enjoying my attention made it all so much fucking hotter. 

After a while, I started tasting more pre-cum as I kept sucking him rhythmically over and over, up and down. His moans grew louder, and he was sliding his sweaty hands up and down my cheeks, almost pulling my hair as he wiggled there in ecstasy at what I was doing for him. His breathing got heavier and heavier, and as he panted more and more, faster and faster, I knew it would happen soon. I kept doing what I could tell he liked most, my tongue attending to his cock head and shaft simultaneously in rhythm with his moans.

As his panting seemed almost dangerously fast, his whole body quaked, as an enormous glob of beautiful cum shot into my mouth and across my face. It was so warm, a lava flow of delicious cum everywhere. I tasted its salty perfection and gulped happily at every last bit, my mouth breathing on his cock as more cum kept shooting, then drizzling out. 

As the last of it was done, he looked up at me with an almost zombie-like stare of gratitude, then pulled me up into a hot, passionate kiss. He licked his cum from my cheek, and tasting some, shared the rest with me in another hot, messy kiss. His lips stayed on me for what felt like another minute as he continued to catch his breath. 

And though I still had a rock-hard cock in my own pants, I felt like I had just exploded along with him. His cum on and in me was an initiation, a baptism into a ritual ceremony of cock sucking. I was still in my gay infancy, but I was already a master at this craft, and my reward tasted so fucking good.