 If you've read any of my previous stories you're probably thinking "This guy is seriously gay."

I'm not. 

As previously stated I don't find guys attractive, and have no romantic feelings towards them. Yes, I've sucked some cocks and if you read my lurid descriptions you'd think I'm some kind of "gay male whore," but my preference is definitely women.

I'd always wanted to find a nice girl, get married, have kids and be a regular "family guy."

But, I left my run a bit late.

I didn't really feel mature enough to consider marriage until I was in my 30's, and by then all my friends were married, and my social circle was greatly diminished.

All I was dating by then was divorcees with kids.

The few single unmarried women I dated were unmarried for a reason. Some of them were stunning looking, but had way too much emotional baggage from previous relationships.

I was in a real quandary about how to get what I was after, which was a decent looking, level headed "nice" woman without much previous history, no emotional baggage, and no kids.

Hey, I like kids and had played the stepdad role a few times, but I really wanted my own.

First I had joined some dating sites, but was still meeting the same kinds of women.

Then I joined the sex dating site just to see what would happen, and to at least have some physical contact with people - just to pass the time while I pondered how I was going to meet "the one."

I did meet a few women as well as the guys and the couples, and had a few sexual adventures -- but you can't really tell your friends about the kind of things I was doing, and overall it wasn't emotionally satisfying.

I was just taking a breather from trying to find "the one."

In the meantime, Ken had messaged me to see what I had been up to.

I told him about my 3some experiences, and how I had met Kevin solo and we had sucked each other off. I also told him about Andy, and about our snowballing session.

He said it sounded like fun -- which it was, and that he hadn't been "getting any" or much from his wife lately.

He told me that before they had gotten married his wife was just a friend, and they used to attend "swinger's parties" together, and engage in voyeurism, watching each other, and group sex. 

After getting married and having kids, her libido had dropped dramatically, and although he loved his wife, he was sexually frustrated -- hence the reason he had joined the site.

He was bisexual and looking for a discreet, clandestine long-term arrangement with either a woman or a man, although he suspected that a male partner would be less "maintenance." This is probably true. Guys don't need to be romanced -- they just want to "get off."

As a 9 to 5er, his time was limited, but he lived in the next suburb, and I wasn't working -- so I offered that either a quick meeting before or after work was OK with me.

His wife wouldn't even question him going to work 10 mins early, or coming home 10 mins later.

Ken sent me some pictures, and I was pretty impressed.

Actually, I'll confess that I wanked off over his cock pics, while imagining sucking on it. 

His cock was around the 6-7" mark, and the shaft was thick, with the head being slightly smaller -- but with a pronounced ridge.

He had told me that he was a "heavy cummer," and in one photo it showed his cock resting on a black granite table, with 6 or 7 thick streams of cum, sprayed out on the table in a fan-like pattern in front of it. The splashes of cum decreased from about 1 ½ foot on the left to 6" on the right, and his cock head rested in a big puddle of cum. 

This photo in particular turned me on, and I imagined my head back, mouth wide open, and Ken filling it with shots of cum and then fucking it down my throat.

I asked if Ken had ever swallowed a guy's cum before, and he said he had -- and liked it.

It seemed we were on the same page, so we made arrangements for him to come to my place the next morning, early, before work, for some mutual oral. 

I told him to not wank or have sex until then, as I wanted my mouth full of his cum.

He told me the same thing.

I also told him that once he was inside I was going to immediately drop to my knees, pull his cock out of his pants, and start sucking him.

I told him my fantasy was to have him finish by wanking his cum into my open mouth, and then fucking it down my throat with his cock.

He said OK, we'd do it my way -- this time. He also told me he had a surprise for me!!

It was pretty difficult not wanking until the next day, especially looking at his cock photos, so I'd wank up to the point of ejaculation and stop.

Next morning I awoke early with anticipation -- had breakfast and waited.

At exactly 7:30 the doorbell rang, and I stood naked behind the door, opened it, and quickly led Ken inside and locked the door.

I dropped to my knees rubbed his cock through his pants, and undid his button and fly.

His cock and balls was a big bulge in his jocks, but he was soft and flaccid.

Normally I like to stroke a guy through his jocks, but this time I pulled his cock out and started sucking.

I had never sucked a flaccid cock before, and I started gently licking the head with my tongue, and stroking his shaft with my hand - slowly pumping blood into it.

I felt it hardening and thickening in my mouth, and it turned me on, feeling him grow and get aroused.

His cock became fully engorged, and my mouth was full of the biggest meatiest cock I had ever sucked. I was sliding my mouth up and down his shaft, and he was matching my movements by gently thrusting his hips back and forth.

I concentrated on his cockhead with my tongue and lips, making his glans really slippery, and I licked and sucked just the end as he seemed to enjoy that -- judging by his breathing and body language.

I took my mouth away to ask "if he was getting close?" and he said "Yes."

I reminded him that I wanted him to wank off in my open mouth, and then place his cock in my mouth and fuck it as I swallow.

He said, "OK I'm ready."

I put my head back, and opened my mouth and watched him start wanking his cock, pointing it at my wide-open mouth.

I put my hand under his balls so I could feel them contract, and the muscle spasm when he started cumming.

I watched him wank and his rhythm increased to long smooth strokes, and I watched his face as he concentrated on his pleasure.

His strokes suddenly became shorter, and quicker, and I felt his balls raise in preparation of his orgasm.

He put his cock head on the edge of my open mouth, and I felt his muscles under his balls started pulsing. He was moaning and grunting in the back of his throat.

He shot the first stream into my mouth, a large thick wet wad of cum, and with each pulse of his balls I felt another stream land on my tongue. There was 4 or 5 strong pulses, and then a few more decreasing in intensity. I moaned with him, his pleasure being my pleasure as he filled my mouth.

My mouth was full of his cum, and then he put his cock in my mouth, and squeezed out one more delayed blast.

I held his big thick cock in my mouth feeling it slowly soften, and gently licked his cockhead as his aftershocks subsided.

It took a couple of swallows to get all his cum down into my stomach.

"Oh my god Mike, that was fantastic" he said, with his cock still in my mouth. 

I licked him clean and said, "Glad you enjoyed it -- wow, that was a lot of cum!!"

"OK, now it's time for your surprise." he said.

We exchanged places, with him on his knees and me standing before him with my cock sticking straight up. He took my cock in his mouth, and licked his tongue around the head, making me flinch as it was so hard and sensitive. He began sliding his mouth up and down, running his lips over my cockhead rim -- over and over.

I started wondering about the "surprise," but then I noticed my cock disappearing down his throat -- further and further. I could feel my cock head against the roof of his mouth, and then sliding deeper and deeper until his lips were against my stomach, and my cock had disappeared totally down his throat. I then watched him slowly slide his mouth back up to the head, and then all the way back down again -- over and over.

No woman had ever deep throated my whole cock. Most barely got half way down the shaft, but Ken was swallowing the whole length, and as I watched I felt my orgasm building.

I wasn't sure if I should warn him or not? Was it easier for him if I came in his throat or in his mouth. I thought it polite to give him the choice.

I felt the waves of orgasm start taking over my body, and my legs were starting to quiver with the feeling. "I'm going to cum" I warned him, and he kept deep throating me and grabbed my balls and gently squeezed. I was prolonging the pleasure as long as I could, but suddenly the orgasm washed over me.

I didn't realize I had been holding my breath, and I suddenly inhaled in a gasp as my cum flooded down his throat in 6 or 7 explosive ejaculations.

He moaned as he felt my cum slide down his throat, then he licked his way up my shaft, squeezed the last drop from my cock, and asked "Did you like your surprise?" 

"Oh, my GOD!" I exclaimed "That was unbelievable - can you teach me how to do that?"

I really wanted to learn so I could pleasure Ken like he had just pleasured me.

This would take my submissive mouth fucking skills to another level.

"Yeah, it just takes some practice working on your gag reflex."

He said "Let's start right now with my cock not so big -- I'll slowly put it in your mouth -- just try to relax, and let it go further and further down your throat each time."

His cock was back up to about 80% of its full size, and I tried to relax as it went further and further down my throat. Each time I gagged he'd withdraw just a bit, and then return to that point and try to coax it into my mouth further.

I noticed that my gagging turned him on, and he was getting harder but we decided to save further training for next time.

We decided to give it a couple of days between meetings, so that our cum could build back up.

I messaged him in the meantime saying "Ken, I really enjoyed your big juicy cock cumming in my mouth, and look forward to leaning how to deep throat you. I will be your willing cumslut and cock worshipper, and submit my mouth for your pleasure any time you desire sexual release." "How would you like me to satisfy you next time?"

I got turned on just writing the words and even more when he shortly replied.

"Next time Mike, I'm going to straddle your chest and you're going to wank me over your face, and then I'll push my cum into your mouth with my cock, and you're going to lick it all up and swallow it."

So next time that's what we did, and he sucked me off as well, and we continued my deep throat training.

I never did learn how to successfully deep throat, but it was fun trying.

Ken and I probably met a dozen times over the next couple of months, and we both swallowed a lot of each others cum. He was actually the last cock I sucked before getting married. Did I miss it? Yes and no. The fantasy of sucking cock was always better than the reality for me, and once I actually did it my desire to do it again actually decreased pretty quickly. Like I've previously stated, I definitely prefer women, and I married a beauty.

That story next time...