 A Hot Gay Quickie at Thee Playhouse Theater in Tampa

I left home headed to Tampa and the only thing on my mind was getting a blow job. It had been way too long and I needed some relief tonight! 

I had been to Thee Playhouse before so I knew that it was a hot, sweaty, sex filled place to go if you wanted to be certain of getting your cock sucked. This was definitely the place I needed to be tonight. No games, no pretense, just quick, hot, nasty sex!

I was rubbing my dick before I even got in my car and it was a 45 minute drive. I knew this was going to be a long ride with my desires building to a frenzy before I ever got to my destination. I don't think I was even out of my own neighborhood before I had my dick out of pants masturbating as I drove. 

My pants were down around my ankles now as I drove north on I-275 toward Tampa. I was so horny at this point that I wanted to be seen by other motorists. I didn't want to be arrested, but I did want some stranger to see me stroking my erection. Public sex is always a great aphrodisiac for me. I guess that's one reason I love the PH, because there are so many nude and semi-nude people. There is a lot of sex right out in the open and a lot of blow jobs to be seen and to be enjoyed. I'm hoping to have a large audience as someone sucks my dick tonight and I cum down their throat. I'm masturbating carelessly as I'm picturing the night's activities in my mind while driving.

As I pulled into the parking lot at the PH with my pants still nearly off. A patron walked by and saw my predicament and smiled and gave me a "Thumbs Up" as he walked on into the PH. I finally got decent enough to go inside where ironically, I could drop my pants again.

As I walked inside I could immediately smell the strong scent of sex in the air. I was hard again already. The man behind the counter asked me if I wanted to go to the gay or the straight theater. I said "I don't know." At this point I didn't care much who sucked my dick. Anyway he talked me into paying for both. 

I noticed that there were a fair number of decent looking women there tonight. Sometimes there is that on a Saturday night. Most were with their male counterparts, but I was just horny enough to get excited about these girls watching me get sucked. It would be worth a climax to me if just one girl would do a double take as she looked at my dick. 

I decided to walk into the "Straight Theater" first. The heavy curtains blocked the entrance so I had to pull them apart to walk in. It was very dark except for the movie screen. As my eyes were adjusting to the dark I could tell that something was happening just in front of me at the rear of the theater, right inside the entrance just a couple of feet away from me. There was the unmistakable sound of a body slamming into a body. No doubt somebody right in front of me was getting fucked hard.

As my eyes adjusted, this scene unfolded right in front of me:

There was a petite pale female form bent over at the waist with her hands against the back wall and a big black man fucking her from the back side. She had on high heels and her ass stuck up so proudly and so beautifully. Her ass was small and very firm. Her legs were perfect. Her waist was clearly defined and couldn't have been more than 24 inches. She wasn't more than 5 feet tall. She had blonde hair that was fairly short, but long enough to bounce as the big man slammed his big cock into her. I couldn't see her breasts as her blouse and skirt were wadded up under her arms to allow access to her other assets. The man slammed her harder and faster and pressed her against the wall. Her face was now against the wall and I could see that she had green eyes and she was sweating a lot. She was biting her lip as he fucked her and she was obviously enjoying this lot. He suddenly came with several quick thrusts and pulled out. His cum ran between her ass cheeks and back down. She screamed and her knees almost buckled.

Before she could recover another man took his place behind her and started fucking her. One man stood in front of her at the wall and forced his hard cock into her mouth. I saw another man walk around her and pull his cock out and start rubbing it on her hip as if trying to get a little bit of skin to keep him hard till it was his turn. 

As my eyes adjusted to the dark completely I could see that the one guy was humping at her hip and trying to get his cock up under her. Then I saw it. This girl had a very erect 4 or 5 inch little dick! I couldn't believe it! This beautiful little girl was a guy! What happened next is what really surprised me and a lot of other people...and especially the "girl".

I suddenly found myself on my knees under this girl with his whole little hard dick in my mouth! I swallowed him all the way and sucked him hard and fast. He was humping my face as the guy fucking his ass suddenly came all over her ass and my face. I licked up all I could without losing my grip on her little dick. It was all happening so fast. The third guy, the one humping her hip, grabbed me by the chin and came all over my face as I continued to suck her dick. I had both of my hands on her ass pulling her deeper into my mouth. As she started cumming in my mouth I held on to her tight ass. I held her firmly in my mouth. I wanted every drop and I wanted everybody there to see what I was doing.

She suddenly stood up and fell with her back against the wall. I never lost my grip on her cock and ass. She was now humping her dick into my mouth, face fucking me as she held my head tight with both hands. I pressed her to the wall and drained her for all I was worth. When she finally forced my face off of her dick, I stood up, pressing my body against hers and against the wall. I could smell other men's cum on her and on her breath. Her eyes were glazed over and she was gasping for breath. Now I could see clearly that her mouth was full of somebody's cum and there must have been two or three loads on her face, neck and chest. I kissed her deep and long. Then I licked her face and her neck and her chest. And I kissed her again. She mumbled "I'm going to pass out. I never expected this! I never felt anything like this before."

Without a word I turned her around and pressed her chest to the wall and started licking her cum covered ass. I spread her beautiful ass cheeks apart and rimmed her for a long time. Her ass was still gapped wide and the cum was just rolling out as I sucked and she pushed it out for me. 

I turned her around again and stood up and kissed her again. We shared a delicious ass creampie kiss. I pulled her blouse down and uncovered her flat boy chest which for some reason looked sexier right now than a set of big titties.

We held each other for a second and then I became aware of the applause. There were a lot of people clapping and cheering us on. Best of all, several of them were girls.

My little CD Boi friend went to the restroom and never returned. Too bad. I would have dated that one!

When I recovered, I left the Straight Theater and found that I had an entourage of horny men following me.

I sat down to watch the gay movies and no sooner did I have my dick in my hand than there were about 5 guys standing around me jerking off. After what they had just witnessed me do to "her", they wanted some of this mouth.

Still feeling quite exhibitionistic, I took all of my clothes off and lay down on my belly, naked on the couch. I just closed my eyes. Soon there was a hard cock entering my mouth and a hot mouth licking my asshole. I got up on my knees to give him better access. His tongue was big and he gave a great rim job. 

The guy in my mouth came really quickly and was immediately replaced by another. No sooner did the tongue leave my ass than a stiff cock entered it. It was big and it hurt, but it felt so fucking good!

Then I felt a stream of warm cum splatter across my back. Somebody standing behind the couch had jerked off on me. 

I got up on my hands and knees so the guy could fuck me better and somebody behind the couch slapped my cheek with his hard-on. I turned and licked his cock but the guy who was fucking my face pulled me away so he could cum in my mouth. As soon as he finished and I swallowed his cum, I turned to suck the other guy just as he ejaculated all over my face. To make up for not getting to suck him, I did lick and suck his cock clean for him.

The guy finished in my ass and a couple more men masturbated until they sprayed there cum on my naked body.

Satisfied, I got up and got dressed without even cleaning up. I had cum drying all over me. I love the way the guys looked at me as I walked out into the public with cum dripping off my face. 

I was halfway home before I realized that I had not cum tonight. And all I wanted tonight was to get a quick blow job. Since that night I have decided that giving blowjobs is much better than getting them! I never miss a chance to give a blow job now.