 I posted an article on some Yahoo sites, asking questions about the apparent disparity between our fantasies and the realities that I observed, and I got responses from quite a few black men who gave me some good advice, especially about my interest in the topic of white men sucking mature, black men's cocks.

They said one problem was that black men did not like being objectified in that way, and would be very unlikely to respond to blatant requests for sex. That made sense to me, because everyone deserves respect for who they are as a person, and not just some perceived physical attribute. Another issue, according to them, was that the black culture tended to be more homophobic than the general population and black men were reluctant to take the risk of being exposed, even if they just wanted a blow job. It was important for them to maintain their macho image, even if they secretly would be receptive to a blow job from a man.

One very helpful suggestion they made was that it would be best to establish a genuine friendship with a black man, or any other man for that matter, and wait for an opportunity to present itself. For example, your new friend might one day make a non-committal comment like, "Man, I could sure use a blow job right now.", when the two of you were talking about women, and then you could decide whether to pick up on it and commit yourself to sucking him. One guy even suggested that meeting a man in a strip club would be a good idea if you wanted to find someone to suck, because they were already aroused and might be receptive.

I do enjoy sucking cock every now and then, but don't get to do it very often because I'm careful about who I'll meet with, to reduce the risks of catching a disease. I try to limit my activity to older married men, because they tend to be less active, and it seems safer because we both have a lot to lose if we are exposed or catch something. With all of the above in mind, I decided to try the strip club suggestion, and I began to research on the internet those types of clubs in the Denver area. I came up with a list of five strip clubs that met my criteria of not being too hip or flashy, and possibly catering to a more mature crowd.

I started visiting these clubs several days a week, on the way home from work, so as not to raise any suspicions with my wife, and I finally found one that looked like a good possibility. It definitely catered to an older crowd, and it even looked like the strippers were a little older, being in their early 30s instead of their 20s. The clientele at this club seemed to be about an equal mix of white, Hispanic and black men, and most of them looked to be in their 40s and older. This also looked like more of a working-man's crowd, and I felt comfortable there. 

I started going to this club a couple of nights a week after work, and after two months, I had established myself as a "regular" there. There normally was not too much conversation with the other men at a place like this, because everyone was there to enjoy the ladies and have a few fantasies, and they might even be a little embarrassed about being seen there. However, we regular guys would sometimes chat at the bar between dancers, and I got to know a few of the men pretty well. The man that I knew the best was Malcolm, and he was a black man in his 50s and about my size at 6' tall and about 185 pounds. He seemed like a nice guy, and we often talked about our families, work and the news of the day. 

One other thing was that Malcolm and some of the other men would sometimes go outside with the strippers when they were on break and not on stage, and he told me that they would go to their cars and get blow jobs from the girls. This didn't happen every night, and sometimes he just wasn't interested or didn't want to spend the $50 for a quick blow and go.

After a couple of more months, Malcolm and I had become fairly good friends, and on occasion had gone to each other's homes to help with projects or to watch sporting events. Our wives were also becoming friends, but they didn't know each other nearly as well as Malcolm and I knew each other. This was turning out to be such a good friendship that I didn't think too much about my original goal of finding a black cock to suck, and he never gave me any reason to believe that he had any desire for sexual contact with me. Then, we were at the club one night, and the scenario mentioned in those emails started to unfold.

Malcolm and I had been drinking a little more than usual on this particular evening, and we had both seen several of our friends going out with the strippers to get blow jobs. At one point Malcolm said,

"Ed, look at those guys going out to be sucked off. I could sure use a blow job myself." I almost couldn't believe that this was happening, and that I might finally be getting my opportunity, but I still did not know for sure whether it was a hint, or just an innocent remark.

I said, "Well, what the hell Malcolm, you go out with those ladies all of the time, why not just go out tonight?"

Malcolm then said, "My money is a little tight this week, and I can't see wasting $50 on a ten minute blow job."

This was now the moment of truth for me and I decided to take a little risk by saying, "Maybe you could find a friend to help you out."

I knew that my comment did not yet commit me to admitting my desire to suck his cock, but my answer to his next question would definitely show my hand.

Malcolm gave me a strange look and then asked, "What are you talking about Ed? What friend do I have who would suck my cock?"

I just sat there looking at Malcolm, not saying a word, and just smiling at him. My smile told Malcolm all he needed to know.

He said, "Wait a minute. Are you saying that you will suck my cock? Do you know what you're saying and what you're getting yourself into?"

I was a little embarrassed now, and lowered my head and said, "Malcolm, I'm not sure that I know everything I'm getting into, but I don't mind helping you out. I've got my wife's minivan out in the last row in the parking lot, and it has dark-tinted windows. We could go out there to give you some relief if you want to."

Malcolm had a stunned look on his face at first, but then he smiled at me and said, "Okay Ed, if you're sure. But I have to warn you that I can be a little aggressive when I'm having sex, and I don't want to harm our friendship."

I didn't really know what he meant by being aggressive, but I said, "I'm willing to just give it a try and see how it goes. If things get too uncomfortable for me, I'll just call a time out."

Malcolm was starting to get excited and said, "Okay my friend, then let's do it. You go out through the front door to your van, and I'll follow in a few minutes through the side door. I don't want anyone to see us going out there together. We have to keep this on the down-low and strictly confidential between us. If any of my friends knew that I let a man, and especially a white man, suck my dick, I'd be ruined in the community."

I was starting to get excited knowing that this was really going to happen, and that I'd soon be sucking a tasty black cock. I went to the van and started the engine since it was pretty cold outside, and then I moved to the back seat, sitting next to the sliding door behind the passenger's seat. I waited a few minutes and then saw Malcolm approaching the van. I slid the door back a little to let him know that he had the right car, and then he did something that surprised me, and I have to admit,excited me a little as well.

Right in my view through the partially opened door, Malcolm unbuttoned and unzipped his pants, pulled them down a little, and then began pissing so hard that I was afraid people would hear it splashing on the pavement from a block away. I couldn't see his cock very well in the dim light of the parking lot, but I could see the heavy stream of piss. I just sat there watching him piss, and could not look away or think of anything to say at the moment. Finally, he stopped pissing and stepped into the van, and I slid over making room for him.

After Malcolm was in the seat and had closed the door, I asked him, "Why the hell did you piss like that in the parking lot? Couldn't you have just used the restroom in the club?"

Malcolm had an amused look on his face and said, "Those white stripper bitches like to see me piss before they suck me off, and I thought that you might like it too. They said that it excites them because my strong and steady stream of beer piss makes them think about the big load of cum that I'll be shooting into their mouths. And some of them even like the taste they get of it when they start sucking me. So, what do you think about it?"

I said, "I have to admit that it was a little exciting to see you piss like that, but I had no idea that you were that kinky."

Malcolm said, "You're going to learn a few more things about me tonight, so let's get started. Pull my pants down so you can see what you'll be sucking."

I leaned over and pulled down Malcolm's pants and underwear briefs, as he lifted his ass off of the seat to make it easier for me. He then removed his shoes and pulled his pants and briefs the rest of the way off of his legs. And there in the dim light of the car, I could now see his magnificent, uncut black cock. It was only partially hard and was already about six inches long and very thick, and his foreskin completely covered the large cock head.

He also had a big set of balls, about the size of eggs, and they hung down on the seat in his hairy, leathery-looking black scrotum sack. I just sat there for a moment mesmerized, staring at that magnificent piece of fuck meat and those huge balls, and Malcolm got my attention when he spoke.

He said, "Pretty nice cock huh Ed? Come over here and have your first taste, and then you will suck my balls for a while before you finish me off. I'll recline the seat to make it easier for you to suck me."

I had sucked a few cocks in the past, but his cock was so thick and tasty looking that it was almost as if this was my first time. As Malcolm's seat reached the fully-reclined position, which wasn't flat but close to it, I leaned across and took the head of his cock into my mouth. I could taste the remnants of his piss and precum as I tongued and licked the head of his cock and foreskin. The spongy head of his cock felt good sliding between my lips, and I could now taste his cock skin as he began to harden in my mouth. 

I took more and more of that nice cock into my mouth, and guessed that it was now fully-hard at 10 inches long and getting thicker by the second, eventually being at least seven inches around. The foreskin had now receded from the head, and I could feel the heavily veined shaft as I moved up and down on it.

Malcolm was quietly moaning and enjoying me sucking him, and then said, "That feels great Ed, but I want you to suck my balls for a while before I cum in your mouth. Let's change positions a little to give you better access to my sack."

Malcolm's direction for me to suck his balls was an order, not a request, and my mouth was full of his cock and I could only nod to let him know that I would suck his balls. He obviously didn't know anything about my sexual habits before that night, or he would have known that I really liked to suck balls, and didn't need to be told to do it. I reclined the left part of the seat as Malcolm turned toward me and scooted down a little more to raise his scrotum up off of the seat. Then, as I leaned down toward his genitals, he lifted his left leg up and placed it across my shoulder and back, which brought me into direct contact with his scrotum.

I was taking in his manly scent as he lifted his sack with his hand, and gave me my first taste of his balls. 

Although his sack had a leathery appearance, his skin felt soft and silky to my lips. I sucked and licked at his balls, and took them into my mouth one at a time. Malcolm was becoming very aroused with my efforts on his nuts, and he tilted his ass farther off of the seat, and then pulled his scrotum up with his hand. I knew what he wanted and I began to suck his swollen perineum. He looked like so many of the pictures that I had seen of black men, when they are posed bending over in a picture from the rear. Many of those big-cocked studs have a long and thick perineum that looks very tasty perched above the large, hanging ball sack. I continued sucking his perineum and balls for another 10 minutes or so, and Malcolm was visibly excited.

Malcolm then said, "Oh man Ed, it has been years since anyone has sucked me like that. My wife won't even suck my dick, much less my balls, and the strippers usually just focus on my cock to get me off so they can get paid. But, now it's time for me to feed you my nut, so come back up and suck my cock."

I moved back up to his cock as Malcolm moved his leg from my back and put if back on the seat. Malcolm was now partially leaning with his back against the door, and his legs spread before him. 

I got back down between his legs and took his still-hard cock in my mouth. His thickness made it difficult to take all of him in, but I took in all I could as I started to suck him and move his meat into and out of my mouth. He was so turned on by the previous cock, ball and perineum sucking that he was getting close to ejaculating, and I continued to suck him with enthusiasm.

As I sucked that magnificent cock, I suddenly felt both of Malcolm's hands on the back of my head, and he started pulling me forcefully down on his meat. He also began to move his hips to force that big cock farther into my mouth, and I could feel it squeezing into my throat. 

I started to gag at first, but then gained control of my reflexes, and Malcolm was fucking my mouth and throat as hard as he could. He finally stiffened with his cock buried in my face, and as he lifted his ass off of the seat I could feel his cock throb and begin to pulse, and 

I could taste his copious orgasm. The base of his cock was pulsing against my lips and I could almost feel the flow of his semen through his cock. I now knew what he meant when he said the strippers thought he had a massive flow of cum. He was shooting squirt after squirt of his tasty semen into my mouth, and I swallowed three times to get it all down.

He produced so much cum that it was as if a faucet had been turned on. The throbbing and pulsing final subsided, and I stayed there between his legs sucking his softening cock, and swallowing all of the remnants of his cum that I could suck from his dick Malcolm pulled his cock from my mouth and said, 

"Whoa, that's enough for now my cock sucking friend. That was a fantastic blow job, and you can do that for me more in the future. Did you enjoy it? Was it as good as you thought it would be to suck a big, black cock and balls?"

I said, "Yes Malcolm, I enjoyed very much sucking you and swallowing your cum, and I'll do that for you again whenever you want me to."

Malcolm then continued, "Ed, I have suspected since we first met that you had a desire to suck my cock and take my cum, and I really appreciate it that you had enough respect for both of us to be my friend before taking my meat into your mouth. We get plenty of white guys in the club, just looking to suck a cock, any cock, but you were able to control your desires and wait until I was ready. We can usually tell who the gamers are, because they never really get comfortable being around black and Hispanic men, and just want to be submissive to them by sucking their cocks. I knew right away that you were different, which is why I decided tonight that it was time to feed you my big cock. And let me tell you, that was one of the best blow jobs I've ever had. I can tell that you love sucking cock and balls and swallowing cum. The strippers aren't as good because they are just in it for a quick buck."

I then said, "Holy shit, I had no idea that you suspected my motives! But I have to tell you that I really feel like we have become good friends and I hope that my sucking your dick won't change that. To tell you the truth, I had mostly forgotten about trying to suck your cock, but when you started the conversation about needing a blow job, I just couldn't resist."

Malcolm smiled and said, "Look, I can tell that you are sincere in what you say, but I can also tell that you really love sucking cock and swallowing cum. 

If you want more of it, I can probably help you. Carlos, your other friend at the club, also likes blow jobs and he would probably appreciate a free one from your white mouth from time to time. I've never seen his cock, but just the fact that he's Hispanic should make it a good, new experience for you. 

There is also that white guy named Jeff that you don't know very well because he doesn't usually come in when you're here, and I know that he likes to get blow jobs from white cock suckers. He's a little overweight and not so good looking, but the strippers tell me that he has a huge cock, bigger than mine if you can believe that, and he shoots a bigger load of juice than I do. So just let me know, and you can suck all three of us from time to time."

I said, "Thanks a lot for your understanding and support Malcolm, and I value our friendship very much. I'd love to suck all of you guys whenever you want me to."

I continued sucking Malcolm, Carlos and Jeff for a few more months, and then I stopped going to the club and didn't see Carlos and Jeff any longer. However, Malcolm and I remained friends, and I sucked his cock whenever he wanted me to.