 I was naked on the bed, waiting for the familiar sound of the lock to signal his arrival and when I heard it my heart pounded and a flutter of giddy excitement sent shivers down my spine. He walked in, saw me and smiled.

"Good boy," he said. He tossed off his shirt to reveal a slab of carefully sculpted muscles. 

"I got your text," I said. He eyed my erection, hard as steel resting against my stomach and nodded. 

"I see that," He said with a grin, and unbuttoned his jeans. He pulled his cock out of his boxers, semi-hard and beautiful. He climbed onto the bed and shifted on top of me so that the velvet skin of his tip rested against my lips and his balls pressed against my nose. I inhaled the scent of him and planted a dry, gentle kiss on the tip of his cock. I could feel it engorging against my lips, pressing downward, trying to break in. I resisted the urge to open my mouth and swallow him whole. That wasn't what he wanted just yet. As it lifted away from my lips he grabbed hold of it and drew it along my cheek, leaving a tingling trail of his heat. I sighed, my lips slightly parted, eager to feel his flesh between them but letting him play his game. He thrust his hips slightly, giving my mouth access to his balls. I started with kisses, listening to his breathing turn heavy and slow. I sent my tongue flicking against the soft curve of his scrotum and when he didn't say anything I knew it was safe to continue, so I began licking his balls in slow, sweet laps. He was shaved and smooth, slightly salty with his own sweat. 

His hands roamed freely over my body, occasionally making spine tingling passes over my penis that elicited a sharp gasp and a yearning spasm. He bent down to bring his face against my cock and in doing so shifted his hips so that his shaft was now against my mouth. I opened, he thrust, running the underside of his cock against my tongue as he nuzzled mine.

"Oh God yes," he murmured, and thrust again, his cock like steel wrapped in silk. 

"I want to suck it," I whispered. 

I could almost see the smile that surely spread across his lips as he pulled up slightly, offering the purple mushroom of his head to me. I tilted my head back, opened my mouth and grabbed hold of his hips. My muffled groan mixed with his loud sigh of pleasure as I pulled him down and into me. Down until I could feel his balls on my nose again. It had taken many months of eager practice to get to the point where I could handle all of him at once, but now, with his cock buried in my face, it was heaven. He began to fuck, slow and rhythmic, and I felt his mouth close around my own cock, causing me to thrust my hips into him and groan. We sucked each other with slow, tender care, desperate for the release of orgasm yet too enraptured to let it end. When at last he pumped thick, bitter gobs of semen into my mouth I sucked it down eagerly and came in his mouth. When we had drained every last drop from each other he climbed off of me and hopped off the bed to get dressed. I did the same. 

"What's the occasion?" I asked. Tony had been having me suck his cock for almost a year now, but always wanted it at sporadic, random times, sometimes going weeks before letting me taste him. 

"Two things," he said. "Firstly, I just spent an hour of lecture behind Samantha Allen and she was wearing a little black thong that I found rather stimulating. Secondly, I have a favor to ask."

"I just did you a favor," I replied with a grin "Though if you need another I think I can handle it." 

"No, not that, at least, not exactly that," Tony said. "I have a friend who wants to meet you."

My eyes narrowed, suspicion rising. "I'm not interested in getting involved with other guys. I have enough trouble with women as it is, I don't need a bunch of men causing problems too." 

"This is a woman," Tony said "Alex Hammon. You know her?"

I knew of her, she was a wild little brunette with a dozen rumors floating around about her that made even me blush. 

"What of her," I said.

"I told her about us," he said "She's curious and wants to make an appearance."

"You did what?!" I demanded. I felt a cold stab of fear quell the initial heat of my anger. 

"Hey, chill out, it's okay. She's cool," He said "She wants to fuck us, and I want to fuck her, so I want you to come along and everybody wins."

"I told you I didn't want anyone to know about this little arrangement," I said.

"I told you, she's cool. She understands. She just wants a little tag team action and I thought you'd be up for it," Tony said.

I had to admit, I was a little curious about it. I hadn't had sex with a woman in three months and while Tony was a fun diversion, I needed something softer and with breasts. 

"When?" I asked. He smiled. 

"Tonight," He said.

"I'm not sure I'll be up for it after this," I said. 

"Don't lie, if I pulled my pants down right now you'd be stiff as a steel rod before I could get my dick in your mouth," he said. 

I conceded the point with a nod. 

We were meeting at Tony's place. He'd moved out of the dorms at the end of last term. I arrived a little early and Tony poured some whiskey while we waited for Alex. I was just shy of tipsy when she arrived. 

The rumors surrounding Alex Hammon's sex life were numerous and most likely true based on her openness in admitting most of it. She was a woman who oozed sex. Story was she was a sheltered preacher's daughter before college and apparently college was a springboard into every teenage boy's torrid fantasy. When I saw her I couldn't imagine her being anything less than some erotic goddess out of a high budget porno. 

She was dressed in white, a top with a plunging neckline that went to her navel, showing us smooth, olive skin and the full round curves of her breasts. Her white leggings looked painted on, and judging by the lack of any lines I imagined there was nothing underneath. 

She took a drink from Tony and eyed me with a grin and a little wave. 

"He's cute," she said. "I bet he's wonderful."

Tony nodded. "Eric this is Alex. Alex, Eric."

We shook hands and she set her drink down on the coffee table. 

"I'm horny," she said "And that just won't do, so I say we get right to the good stuff." 

She looked at me and dropped to her knees with smooth grace. 

"I know what he's got going on, can I see yours?" She asked. I looked into her chestnut eyes and realized there was only one answer. I opened the front of my pants and she pulled them down. 

"That's nice," she said, running the tips of her fingers over my quickly growing length. I gasped as her nails traced over my balls and back up my shaft. She darted forward, flicking my head with her tongue. Tony came to stand beside us.

As he took off his pants she took my cock into her mouth, deep throating me without a moment's hesitation. Still sucking my cock she shimmied out of her top, the shoulders falling away to expose a pair of firm breasts with puffy, stiff nipples. I reached down, grabbing one and caressing the smooth, hot skin while Tony reached for the other. 

She pulled back, grabbing my balls in one hand and Tony's in the other. She let out a soft moan as I pinched one nipple lightly and then turned her attention to Tony's cock, sliding it into her mouth with an eagerness I often exhibited. For several minutes she switched back and forth, sucking one then the other, her mouth a silk heaven. Then she stood up, both of us running our hands over her smooth skin and kissing her shoulders and neck. 

"Tony says you're good with your mouth," she said to me. "Show me."

We moved to the bedroom and she laid down, Tony up near her head, sucking at her breasts as I peeled her pants off to reveal a glistening bald pussy. I kissed the insides of her thighs and the outer lips of her pussy, running my tongue gently over them but not pressing. She gasped and quivered. I pressed forward, finding her clit and sucking gently as I flicked it with my tongue. My eyes wandered upwards and I saw that Tony had moved so that she could suck his cock while I licked her, the image framed by her breasts. I pushed her legs into the air and moved downward, my tongue tracing lusty patterns on her sweet, wet slit. I kept moving until I found the puckered skin of her asshole. I gave it a test lick, asking her without asking her, she put her hand on the back of my head and pushed me forward, answering without answering. I licked her eagerly while she sucked Tony's cock.

"Fuck me," she commanded, taking the cock out of her mouth to moan two simple words I could not disobey. With her legs still in the air I pulled up and pressed my cock against the outside of her. I was hard and eager, but I held back. I wanted to hear it again. I teased her pussy, running the tip of my head up and down the eager slippery slit.

She played her part perfectly, looking me in the eyes with a yearning need. 

"Please fuck me," she breathed "I want your cock inside me."

I slid into her with a mutual gasp and her eyes fluttered shut. I stopped, just enjoying the feeling of being inside of her. Her pussy pulsed, massaging my cock ever so slightly. Then she turned back to Tony and continued to suck him. I began slow, gentle thrusts. 

Tony pulled out of her mouth and moved up behind me, squeezing my balls and pressing himself against my ass. 

"She's good isn't she," he said. 

"Yeah," I said. I pulled out of her and let him between her legs. I took his former place. If my being inside of her first had bothered her she didn't show it, pulling me into her mouth and sucking at me with lusty abandon while Tony fucked her. 

"I want you both inside me," she said at last. "Get up."

We all three stood, Tony in front. He lifted her up, arms hooked under her legs and she lowered herself onto him. I grabbed his cock and guided it into her, kneeling down to lick his balls while they fucked. Then I stood and put my cock against her ass.

"Slow," she cautioned me. 

With aching slowness I thrust upward, burying my cock into her tight ass centimeter by centimeter. 

We stood there for just a moment, her sandwiched between us. Tony holding her ass, my hands on her breasts. Then she began to shimmy and grind, and we began to fuck. 

I could feel every one of Tony's thrusts, and I could tell he felt mine. Her moans became louder, more urgent, and I sucked in a sharp breath as I felt my orgasm approaching. She broke first, crying out in ecstasy, shuddering and sweating. I came in an explosive burst, my orgasm prolonged by the tightness of her. Tony moaned and came; I could feel him pulsing inside of her. And then, overloaded, I pulled out of her and collapsed onto the bed. The other two followed soon after, and with her still between us, we fell asleep.