 Martin grew up in a real small town where there were just three kinds of guys. The first kind was the one who always had a girlfriend on his arm. The second kind hung around with his buddies drinking beer, being loud and silly and were generally to be avoided. And then there were freaks like him who didn't fit in. At least, that was how he saw himself.

Martin knew that he didn't want a girlfriend. Neither did he want to hang out with the macho guys and talk about sport and cars, although he often fantasized about these very same guys. And once, when he walked by a group who loved teasing him they had turned around and mooned him. How his heart had pounded and his face flushed as he drank in the sight of those pale, smooth and firm bubble butts. Two or three of the guys had pulled their cheeks apart so Martin was able to see right into the crack. The sight of those little rosebuds nestled in their nest of fur with big fat balls hanging below had made him go weak at the knees. He'd stopped dead in his tracks, even though he knew it was dangerous to do so, but his legs just would not move. It felt like hours that he stood there memorizing each ass but it was only seconds and the guys soon pulled their shorts up and made some rude comment.

What Martin wanted was a man. He wanted a man that loved cock and ass, a man that would hug him and kiss him and hold his hand and poke his hole. And in his little town there seemed precious little chance of finding such a man so he was terribly isolated. And the more isolated he felt the more he withdrew from anyone trying to be friendly. 

And then he met Rob. Rob was new to town and he had stopped Martin to ask for directions. Martin's lust glands went into overdrive as he took in the sight of this beautiful dark eyed stud with his sexy, hairy legs, well developed chest and arms and incredibly fine, shapely ass. When he smiled Martin felt like he was the only other person in the world. Those beautiful white teeth dazzled him and took him into a daydream so deep that Rob had to gently tap him on the shoulder to get him back to the real world.

It wasn't long, however, before Rob had linked up with the band of beer drinking buddies. The first time Martin walked by and saw Rob hanging out the guys his heart sank. But Rob waved and called out to Martin to come over. Martin was torn. He loved the attention he received from this handsome stud but the other guys made him uncomfortable.

'Don't you know that guy is gay?' one of the guys asked Rob.

'Who cares?' he shot back, and to prove his point he put his arm around Martin.

It was simply a protective, defiant gesture but Martin felt faint. He had to get away before he got a hardon. He made his excuses and left.

About three days after that Craig, one of the macho studs that Martin had always found attractive, approached him in the street.

'Hey Martin,' he said 'are you really gay?'

Martin just blushed, unsure how to answer.

'I've got this friend.' Craig said ' he told me he let a gay guy blow him once.'

Martin just blushed deeper red. Craig was the guy who filled his dreams most often. He was big and buff and blonde with big, blue eyes and a face that was pretty, rather than handsome. Even though he was twenty he hadn't yet started shaving and his cheeks looked satin smooth; his lips were the most amazing sezy shape and of a cherry red ripeness. The only flaw Craig had, in Martin's eyes, was that his butt was a little too big. He was probably quite aware of it because he always seemed to wear his shirts over his shorts and when he wore jeans it was like there was two hogs having a tussle back there, bouncing up and down as he walked.

'You guys are all such macho studs' Martin said with all the sarcasm he could muster, 'I don't see why you need to be having sex with guys. I though chicks jumped when you snapped your fingers.'

'Don't believe a fuckin word of it.' Craig said. 'I've never even been laid yet. I don't think the other guys have either. Not really. They all just lie about it.'

Having said that Craig seemed to lose his nerve. He blushed and shrugged.

'Well, I'd best be getting on.' he said, then added 'By the way, what's going on between you and Rob?'

Martin just smiled and walked on. He felt so deliciously sexy for the first time in is life. He'd always been the outsider, the sissy as he thought the other guys saw him. But now he was starting to attract attention. People were curious about him! And he was damn curious about Craig's cock. What did it look like. Was it big or small, cut or not, pink or brown. And what about his balls. He already knew he had a big barrel of a butt, but was it smooth or hairy, unblemished or spotty.

A week later Martin was sitting alone in the small park on the edge of town, reading a book under the shade of tree when Craig approached him. He stood above Martin.

'What are you reading?' he asked.

Martin showed him the book.

'I'm not wearing any underwear.' Craig said.

Martin's could feel his throat go dry. What was Craig up to?

'Why are you telling me this?' he asked.

In reply Craig simply took Martin's hand and pressed it up along the smooth thigh of his left leg and under his shorts. It was true! Martin was touching the satiny smooth flesh of Craig's big butt. What was he meant to do now? Surely he should withdraw his hand and Craig would have a laugh at his expense and it would all be over. Martin looked around the park; it was empty. His hand was trapped in the crack of Craig's meaty ass and although his head said to withdraw it his balls said no. He stroked deeper and deeper into his first man mound until his fingers just brushed against Craig's pucker.

Martin's own cock was hard now and he didn't care if anyone saw it . He got down on his knees and started fondling Craig's fat nuts. There were smooth and felt delicious in his hand. He looked up at Craig who had his eyes shut. Martin's fingers travelled a little higher until they found their prize. At last the mystery was revealed; Craig's cock was very thin and about five inches long but so incredibly hard that Martin could almost feel it slicing into his twitching asshole if he concentrated hard enough.

He brought his hand out of Craig's shorts and sniffed them. He was smelling a man for the first time and he loved it. Craig was shocked as he watched Martin groove on the funk of his ass. Shocked, but also so fucking turned on his head was in a spin. He needed sex, right now!

'Man, suck my cock.' Craig croaked.

Martin looked around. Although the park was still empty, and he was hornier than he had ever been in his life, it was a risk he could not take. A little ways away was a hut where the park gardener kept his tools. Martin had already seen him leave and he knew it was never locked so he suggested they go in there.

Craig was practically on Martin's tail as they made their way to the hut and the moment they closed the door behind them he took off his T-shirt and lowered his shorts. His cock and balls looked so incredibly beautiful jutting out of his big, fuzzy blonde bush that Martin wanted a moment to fix them in his memory for life. But Craig had other ideas.

'Please buddy...do me!' he begged.

Martin went down on his knees and took hold of Craig's cock. It strained within its own skin, so incredibly hard it was. His cock was pale but the knob was now quite red and coated with secretions from Craig's foreskin that had ridden right back to form part of his shaft skin. Martin kissed along the length of Craig's cock, nibbling it from base to eye. This was his very first dick and he wanted to love it the best way he knew how. As he kissed he stroked those wonderfully smooth thighs and that meaty ass that he was rapidly beginning to grow fond of. Craig's ass was incredibly firm and oh so very smooth. He decided that in his next day dream he would fuck that big, beefy butt.

Craig sighed and stroked his smooth, flat belly as Martin took his cock into his mouth. That warm mouth closed around his cockhead and Martin's wet tongue swirled all around his sensitive knob, probing his slit from which an ooze of precum seeped out. Craig was mumbling incoherently now. This blowjob was all he had ever dreamed it would be. The only thing was, in his dreams it was some sexy woman loving his cock with her mouth, not a guy; but a horny dude had to do what he needed to do to get his rocks off!

Suddenly there was a commotion. A shaft of sunlight filled the hut as the door burst open.

'Shhiiiiit!' came the cry. 'What the fuck are you doing?'

Martin looked round and saw Gerry, Paul, Steve, Chuck and Rob standing there.

Craig pulled up his shorts with such force that Martin's face got yanked out of the way.

Martin was still down on his knees, unsure of how he was ever going to live this down when he saw Rob unzip and haul out a beautiful fat, long snake of a cock. He peeled the skin back revealing a bright pink tip and advanced towards Martin who instantly started suckling on this dream cock. He went totally crazy, feeding on that gorgeous hog knowing that Rob's straight friends were all watching.

When Martin came up for air he noticed that Craig was naked again and was standing there with a hard cock in hand. He slowly jerked Rob's cock while sucking on Craig's thin spear. This time Craig had no inhibitions; he went wild, bucking his hips and pinching his tiny pink nipples as his cock was devoured by the much more confident Martin. All too soon he saw stars and cried out in delight as he lost his first load down some body's throat. The other guys cheered as Craig withdrew his spent cock and Martin went back to Rob's big eight inch throbber.

He tugged at Rob's shorts and they were soon down around his ankles. His balls were quite small and very fuzzy and when Martin slipped his hands onto Rob's butt he found it, too, was very hairy. Rob withdrew his cock and started gently slapping it against Martin's forehead. There was a strangled cry and then Steve stripped off and pressed his fat, circumcised stubby into Martin's ear. He was so fucking horny he just needed to poke a hole. Martin grabbed hold of it and licked around the massive ridge before swallowing him down. Two minutes later Steve groaned and his thick spunk oozed out of his slit and filled Martin's hungry mouth.

Steve dressed and left the hut while Martin went back to Rob's brown cock. It was just the right fit for his hand and mouth, but he certainly wouldn't have liked to try it up his virgin ass. Craig's cock would be ideal for that. Martin stroked Rob's furry thighs and tickled his little nuts and loved his cock to the point of no return. He heard a grunt and then a powerful jet of joy juice blasted into the back of his throat followed by another and another. Eight spurts later Rob whimpered and withdrew his over sensitive cock from Martin's mouth.

Martin greedily looked around for his next piece of meat. Gerry's cock was about seven inches long with a distinct curve to the left. The circumcision scar was a distinct brown ring on the milky white shaft of his cock that was thicker at the base than it was at the tip. It slid easily into the back of Martin's throat and all he had to do was caress his low hanging funbags for them to give up their sauce.

Chuck was next with a cock that was quite the longest of the lot, about nine and a half inches but every bit as thin as Craig's. It felt really good in Martin's hand and even better sliding into the back of his throat. Chuck's smooth brown balls sat up close to his body and he loved the feel of Martin's fingers delicately stroking them. But it was when Martin's fingers went behind Chuck's balls and strayed into his crack that he really went crazy. He opened his legs wider and didn't object when Martin's fingertip began to press into the jelly slick of his asshole. But when Martin rammed his finger in Chucked cursed as his knees buckled and he lost his load to the horny cock sucker. He quickly eased himself off Martin's finger before any of his buddies could see what had happened.

That left just Paul, who hauled out the most beautiful cock of all. It was a work of art and Martin went absolutely wild as he worked lips and tongue down the bulging shaft and arrow shaped head. His fingers stroked Paul's big balls and cupped and tugged at the cheeks of his neat tight ass. This cock he could have loved all day but Paul was in a hurry. Already his friend's were becoming a little embarrassed by what they had done. He grabbed old of Martin's face and started face fucking him. Martin could hardly breathe as that big cock rammed in an out of his mouth, his nostrils pressed into Paul's sweaty black bush. Martin's own cock was glued to his underpants by all the precum that had seeped out of him.

He quickly unzipped and got it out. His hand flew up and down the shaft as he awaited the last load of the day. It was a race against time. Could he cum before Paul withdrew. It was then he felt a hand stroke his ass, tickling his hole before a finger was roughly forced into him. Everything happened at once. Martin's asshole clamped down on the invading finger, he saw stars, his cock started spraying his jism across Paul's legs and Paul grunted and flooded his mouth with the best tasting cream of the day.

Martin just knelt there and licked his lips while the guys all stuffed themselves away and left the hut. Martin was hopeful that it would not be the last time his services were required.

Copyright 2005 Daniel Blue