 *Author's Note: Any and all persons engaging in any sexual activity are at least eighteen years of age.

This is just a flash story. Not to be taken too seriously.

*****

Murphy Margot walked the nine blocks from Northside High School, to the small home he and his mother and step-father were renting. The eighteen year old felt the springtime pollen attacking his eyes, his sinuses, even his breathing.

Yes, they had pollen in Oldenburg, Arkansas, but they did not have the humidity coupled with it.

He saw an older gentleman, probably in his late forties, early fifties working in his garden. The chubby blonde boy stopped and admired the man's bright flowers, even as his eyes watered and his nose ran.

"Look a little affected, you do," the man smiled.

The man had an odd accent and Murphy smiled, trying to guess where the man might be from.

"Like the flowers, do you?" the man asked and Murphy nodded his head in agreement.

"Well, come on, let me introduce you," the man said.

Murphy walked up and the man pointed out the various flowers and then smiled as Murphy again wiped at his eyes.

"Need you an antihistamine," the man said. "Probably a decongestant too, yeah?"

"Yeah; but took the last one this morning," Murphy remembered.

"Ah, well, got a few; come in," the man said and got to his feet.

When he stood up, Murphy could see that they were both the same height of five feet, nine inches. They also had the same slightly chubby build.

"Oh, and my name's Ethan Mollenkay," the man said, offering a hand. "Come on in; I'll get you a good one. Clear you right up. Only way I could work out here."

"Where are you from?" Murphy blurted out as he followed the man into the small house.

"Tremblink, little burg of Poland," Ethan smiled, not offended by Murphy's direct question. "Moved here ten years ago; trying so hard get rid of the accent. Not working, yeah?"

"Yeah," Murphy agreed, looking around the small room.

It was a small living room, tastefully decorated with comfortable looking furniture.

"Get you glass of fruit punch," Ethan sang out. "My first day in America? Drank some, said 'I don't know what fruit this is but I love it!' and that's all I drink. Don't even like the coffee, just fruit punch."

"That's fine," Murphy called back.

"Good, good, here, just one pill; take two? You'll not be able to sleep tonight," Ethan said, returning with a small glass of red liquid and a pill.

"What is it?" Murphy asked, squinting through his watery eyes to read the pill's markings.

"Mother sends me stuff all the time from Poland," Ethan smiled as Murphy shrugged and popped the pill into his mouth.

He drained the glass and thanked Mr. Mollenkay.

"No, no, we friends, you call me Ethan and I call you Murphy, yeah?" Ethan smiled and gestured toward the couch.

Murphy sat down. The couch seemed fairly new. It did not sag in one direction, did not have a musty mildewed smell to it.

"You are student at that school over there?" Ethan asked, sitting down on the other end of the couch.

"Yes sir, fixing to graduate," Murphy agreed. "So what you do?"

"Me? I do nothing," Ethan smiled widely. "See, in Tremblink? I married Elena Mollenkay, the big movie maker. Terrible movies too. All about girls with big breasts getting killed, so much blood. Finally I say 'I want divorce' and she says okay and I move here. Divorce gives me lots of money so why work?"

Murphy saw a magazine on the coffee table and turned to look at it. His light blonde eyebrows shot up when he read the title.

"Hungry Cock Suckers"

But it wasn't a cute blonde girl getting her face fucked. The cover showed a smiling man with a large cock in his mouth even as sperm dotted his cheek and chin.

"I'll be back; need to piss," Ethan announced and left the room.

Murphy also saw that there was a large rubber cock lying on the coffee table

He heard a toilet flush and Ethan returned a moment later, smiling widely.

"Um, why you have this?" he asked.

"Hmm? The magazine?" Ethan asked, again sitting on the couch. "I like the pictures; such beautiful boys. Sugar cubes, all of them. You know what you do with sugar cubes?"

"Uh, no, I mean, you put them in coffee, I know that," Murphy stammered, looking at the cover of the magazine again.

"You pop sugar cubes in your mouth and just let them melt," Ethan giggled happily.

Murphy looked over at the man.

"And you are sugar cube. I see you walking to school in those jeans and I say oh I would love to eat him up, pop him in my mouth and just let him melt all over me," Ethan admitted.

"Wait, what?" Murphy asked, surprised.

Because he was chubby, he did not see himself as a 'sugar cube' at all. The three girls he'd asked out since arriving at Northside High School had flatly refused. One had been sweet about it, but one had sneered at him and the other had laughed in his face.

"Oh, and now you want to leave, yeah?" Ethan asked, studying Murphy's face.

"I uh, no, but uh," Murphy stammered.

"Or maybe you stay and I show you?" Ethan asked hopefully.

"Show me what?" Murphy asked stupidly.

Ethan leaned over and kissed Murphy on his lips.

"Hey, I uh..." Murphy said, and then Ethan kissed him again.

At first Murphy was too stunned to really respond. Ethan's tongue was entering his mouth; Ethan's right hand was squeezing and rubbing Murphy's chest while Ethan's left hand was squeezing Murphy's pudgy buttocks through the too tight jeans.

He reached up a hand to push Ethan away, but the hand grazed Ethan's chest and Ethan moaned into Murphy's mouth. 

Then Ethan's hand reached down and fondled Murphy's erect cock and Murphy almost screamed. He had not realized he had an erection.

"Oh, you are delicious sugar cube," Ethan moaned, rubbing Murphy's plump erection through the denim material.

Murphy felt his left hand being pulled from Ethan's pudgy chest, down to the man's nylon shorts.

Again, Murphy wanted to scream when his hand came in contact with Ethan's nylon sheathed cock.

"Here, here, I pop you in my mouth," Ethan husked and unzipped Murphy's jeans.

Murphy wanted to run out of the house, he wanted to scream, he wanted to cry; instead he wiggled out of his snug jeans and plain white cotton briefs.

"Oh, yeah, delicious," Ethan praised when Murphy's fat seven inches came into view.

"And," he murmured and cupped Murphy's large testicles. "Plenty delicious sugar in here, yeah?"

Murphy felt himself being pushed back, his shoulders against the armrest of the couch. Ethen knelt between Murphy's legs and pulled tee shirt and nylon shorts off.

Murphy stared at Ethan's large, fat cock and saw that Ethan was uncircumcised.

Then his view of Ethan's fat cock and heavy balls was blocked as Ethan bent and took Murphy's throbbing cock into his hot mouth.

Murphy Margot was a virgin. He'd never even kissed a girl. It wasn't from lack of trying, but they just didn't seem interested in him.

So, a hot sucking mouth wrapped around his cock was a new experience. Ethan swallowed Murphy down to the root, his large nose pressing into Murphy's blonde curls.

"I uh, oh, I'm..." Murphy whined, dangerously close to ejaculating.

"Mm hmm, Ethan agreed and pulled his mouth up to hold the head of Murphy's cock in his mouth.

"Oh!" Murphy did scream as a white hot flood of semen burst out of his cock.

"Oh sugar cube, sugar cube that was so delicious!" Ethan praised when Murphy slumped back, drained.

The man kissed Murphy's cock, then bent and began licking and nuzzling Murphy's testicles.

"Huh, what?" Murphy said stupidly when Ethan pushed his plump thighs further apart.

Then he felt Ethan's tongue licking at his anus.

"Oh, hey wait a..." Murphy protested as Ethan slid a spittle wet finger into Murphy's anus.

And to his horror and shame, he had another erection rapidly growing.

"Come come, let's..." Ethan said, pulling Murphy to his feet.

He pulled Murphy's pullover shirt off, then urged the boy down a hall to a bedroom.

Again, Murphy wanted to scream, he wanted to run, he wanted to cry as he lay down on the bed with the older man.

The man pulled him close and hugged him as he shoved his tongue into Murphy's mouth. Murphy realized he was tasting himself on Ethan's tongue and shivered.

They were the same height and as they lay next to each other, hugging and kissing each other, their erect cocks rubbed against each other and Ethan giggled happily.

Then he was edging down, licking and sucking on Murphy's nipples. Then he was wiggling down and Murphy giggled as Ethan tongued Murphy's belly button.

Then he wiggled down and again, Murphy felt a hot mouth wrap itself around his erection. And he felt something nudging his cheek. He turned and it was Ethan's dripping cock.

"Mmm!" Ethan sighed happily as Murphy opened his mouth and took the head of Ethan's cock into his mouth.

Murphy wanted to cry, he wanted to throw up. Only fags, homos sucked another man's cock. He wasn't a fag; he liked girls. Whenever Murphy masturbated, he thought of girls.

He stuck his tongue under the foreskin of Ethan's cock and tasted Ethan's pre-seminal fluid.

"You suck the cock before?" Ethan asked, taking his mouth off of Murphy's cock.

Mm mmm," Murphy denied, shaking his head no.

Ethan took Murphy's cock down to the root and again slid a finger into Murphy's rectum. Murphy wasn't able to get more than half of Ethan's fat cock into his mouth before his gag reflex kicked in, so he used one hand to jack the remaining length of the man's cock and the other hand he used to fondle and squeeze Ethan's heavy, hairless testicles.

Then he slid a finger into Ethan's squirming rectum and Ethan blasted a load of semen into Murphy's mouth.

Murphy did let a few tears trickle down as he swallowed the slimy, salty substance. He felt bile rising in his throat as he continued to swallow the man's sperm.

Then his own ejaculation burst when Ethan introduced a second finger to Murphy's tight anus.

And then they were kissing again, tasting themselves on each other's tongues.

I'm having salmon for dinner; you stay for dinner, yeah?" Ethan asked, lightly stroking Murphy's semi-flaccid cock.

"I got to go," Murphy said hurriedly and clambered off the comfortable bed.

He dressed quickly, found his sandals and book bag, and then rushed out of the house.

It was four days, on a Tuesday when Murphy slowly forced himself to walk up Mr. Mollenkay's walkway, knock on the door.

"Ah, sugar cube, hi, you come in yeah?" Ethan cried happily and Murphy did enter the man's comfortable home.

Murphy put his book bag and his flip flops next to the door and followed Ethan down the hall to the bedroom. They kissed with plenty of tongue as they undressed each other, and then Murphy was again balls deep in Ethan's mouth. And Ethan was forcing more and more of his cock into Murphy's mouth.

Murphy wanted to cry, wanted to throw up as Ethan's entire eight inches was in his mouth and throat.

Then he felt Ethan's fingers at his anus and he spurted heavily into Ethan's mouth. Then Ethan was pumping his own semen into Murphy's mouth.

And then they were lying in each other's arms, hugging and kissing.

"So, sugar cube, where were you?" Ethan softly asked as he cupped Murphy's heavy balls.

Murphy felt his face flush hotly.

How could he explain that he'd been disgusted, ashamed, and excited by what they'd done? How could he explain that he had cried nearly the whole night that night? How could he explain that, the next day in school, he'd looked at his male classmates and tried to imagine what their sperm would taste like?

"Confused, yeah?" Ethan softly asked. "I was innocent boy, maybe nineteen, and twenty? Nice man down the street owns bakery, gives me cake, bread."

He kissed Murphy softly.

"Me? I like the girls, nice big breasts, nice tight vaginas, yeah? And then he says come in back I show you something and he suck me and then he fuck me. And it feel so good and he says you want cake? You want bread? We do this again. And I go home and cry. And I go back," Ethan smiled and wiggled down to take Murphy's cock into his mouth again.

He pushed his cock against Murphy's lips and Murphy again sucked Ethan's fat cock.

Then they kissed and tasted themselves on each other's tongues.

"You fuck me, yeah?" Ethan asked when Murphy's cock began to swell again.

"Oh, sugar cube like that, huh?" Ethan laughed when Murphy's cock swelled to full hardness.

It was fortunate for Murphy that Ethan was used to being fucked by clumsy, inexperienced young men. Murphy greased up his cock, pressed against Ethan's pucker, and shoved it in.

"Oh," Ethan sighed happily.

Murphy looked down and saw his fat cock sliding in and out of a stretched hole, in between two pudgy buttocks. He could feel the sperm boiling up so looked away and reminded himself he was fucking a man. An old, forty seven year old, pudgy gay man.

"Oh," Ethan gurgled happily as he stroked his cock to the rhythm of Murphy's in and out strokes. "Come in me, sugar cube, and come in my ass, yeah?"

And Murphy unleashed his sperm.

He again refused dinner, claiming he needed to get home.

Murphy redoubled his efforts at school to get a date; he even asked Belinda Dumont, an overweight, unpopular girl if she'd like to go to Manny's for dinner. She regarded him with suspicion and refused.

"Hi sugar cube, come in, come in," Ethan said happily when Murphy knocked on his door that Friday. "I'm watching television, come in."

And on the screen were men fucking each other's tight squirming asses.

Ethan sucked Murphy's cock while Murphy watched the action on the television.

"Now I fuck you, yeah?" Ethan said and Murphy wanted to run out of the house.

"No, no, you like it sugar cube," Ethan promised.

He had Murphy kneel on the couch and lubricated a finger. Murphy knew there was no denying, he liked it. His cock throbbed and jerked as Ethan introduced a second finger and then a third finger.

"And come on, yeah?" Ethan urged the boy to squat over his greasy cock.

"Ugh!" Murphy protested as a millimeter of Ethan's greasy cock slid into his tightly clenched anus.

"No, no, sugar cube, wait, yeah?" Ethan urged.

A moment passed and then an inch of Ethan's fat cock pushed into Murphy's anus.

"No, no, it's too big," Murphy sobbed, but Ethan had a surprisingly tight grip on Murphy's hips, holding the boy in place.

Ethan felt his own semen bubbling up as the boy's plump bottom wiggled, squeezed and jerked around his cockhead.

"Ugh!" Murphy screamed as another inch of Ethan's cock slid in.

It was his own weight that was his enemy; Murphy's legs were not holding him up very well.

And then Ethan reached his right hand around and softly stroked Murphy's cock and Murphy's legs gave out.

"Oh, aaiieegh!" Murphy screamed at the top of his lungs as eight fat inches of cock slammed into his bowels.

And Ethan kissed his shoulder, his right hand stroking Murphy's throbbing cock, his left hand playing with Murphy's nipples.

Murphy grunted and blasted a thick stream of semen onto his chest and belly.

"Oh, damn hell," Ethan cried out and blasted his own semen deep into Murphy's bowels.

Despite Ethan's pleas, Murphy dressed and left the house. Walking was quite difficult; it was painful, and he could feel Ethan's semen dribbling out of his stretched, greasy anus.

Glen, his step-father sneered at Murphy when Murphy entered the house. Murphy ignored him and went into the small bathroom.

After emptying his bowels, Murphy went into his bedroom and lay on the bed, staring at the ceiling.

He wanted to refuse dinner, but his mother's cooking was too good to pass up, so he gingerly walked out of the bedroom to the kitchen and mumbled his thanks.

Saturday, Glen kept Murphy fairly busy, cutting the grass, and then washing the pollen from the windows. So it was after lunch before he could dash down to Ethan's house.

"Hi sugar cube, hi, come in, it's so hot yeah?" Ethan greeted him and pulled him into the cool interior of the house.

Ethan laid Murphy on his bed, then crawled between Murphy's spread legs and took him like a man takes a girl, face to face.

They kissed passionately as Ethan fucked Murphy. Then, after he'd pumped a load into Murphy's tight backdoor, he sucked Murphy until Murphy spurted into Ethan's mouth.

Two hours later, when Murphy left Ethan's house, he was trying to hold in three loads of Ethan's semen in his bowels.

A week before graduation, Murphy walked up the walkway and knocked on Ethan's door.

"Oh, hi sugar cube, come in, come in," Ethan said, smiling sadly.

"Something wrong?" Murphy asked, kissing the man.

"My mother, she is very sick; she is dying," Ethan said and burst into sobs.

Murphy held the man as he cried. Then Ethan pulled murphy into the kitchen.

All around, Murphy could see some cardboard boxes.

"But I am glad you are here, come, need you to sign some things," Ethan said and pushed Murphy into a chair.

Murphy signed where Ethan indicated, and then Ethan kissed him.

"I am leaving house and car to you," he announced.

"You're what?" Murphy gasped.

"I am leaving house and car to you; I cannot take with me to Poland so is yours, yeah?" Ethan again announced.

He sucked Murphy to a climax, then bent over the table and had Murphy pound him hard up his ass.

Then he fed Murphy his cock, and when he was able to get it up again, fucked Murphy over the kitchen table.

Final exams and graduation kept Murphy too busy to go see his lover; he planned to go there after graduation but got too drunk at a classmate's party.

The deed to the house and the title to the car, along with the keys came in the mail the day after graduation. It was also the day that Glenn announced, since he'd lost his job at King Sanitation, they were moving to Caspar, Wyoming, his home town.

"But I'm already enrolled here, at U.L.D.," Murphy protested. "I got fifteen hours and Mom's already paid them."

"Well, I've already put a stop-payment on the rent check," Glen scowled. "So, uh, good luck finding some place to crash, fat ass."

Murphy grabbed his clothes and a few other keepsakes, kissed his mother, and left.

Ethan had also left all of his furniture so Murphy was able to move in right away. The utilities were switched over to his name and Murphy realized, he would run out of money very quickly.

He worked full time for A&A Soaps during the summer and lived frugally, almost miserly. Then, when school started, he rented out two rooms in his house to college students, a male and female, for two hundred and fifty dollars each. Their rent paid his utilities, insurance, and taxes. Murphy's part time job at Super One Foods grocery store paid his other expenses.

Murphy read the On-Line college newspaper, looking at the 'Men Seeking Men' personals, but didn't see any sugar cubes. He also drove Ethan's almost brand new Smart Car to Shadows nightclub in Elgee, which was rumored to be a gay bar, but being only eighteen, he wasn't old enough to get in.

Nor was he brave enough to get out of the car.

So, Murphy spent his Friday and Saturday nights in his bedroom, fucking a fat rubber cock in and out of his rectum, stroking his own cock to a juicy climax and dreaming of Ethan Mollenkay.

The End.