 The last thing you want to hear when you're jerking off is your roommate trying to get the door open. Several things happen simultaneously. First, you shove your cock back into your pants. Second, your free hand frantically clicks away at five or six red x's to close the browser windows that have been serving to assist you in your endeavors. And thirdly, a mixture of terror and rage flood your system as you realize you're not going to get to cum and you almost got caught. I managed all these things as the door flew open and Tony walked in the room. 

I hadn't known Tony long but what I did know didn't impress me. He spent most of his time lifting weights, skipping class, and trying to get laid. He did all of those things with relative ease, each one making the next a little easier.

He stormed into the room and threw his coat on the bed. I saw he was pretty upset, which made me even more sure he was too distracted to have noticed my quick recovery. 

"Dude, tonight was bullshit," he said, sitting in the chair next to the TV. 

"That sucks," I said. Inside I was fuming, wanting nothing more than for this asshole to get out so I could finish my solo mission. I'd spent three hours studying with Cindy Maskar and that girl had tits that I would die to just hold for a few seconds. I needed to cum. 

Rather than fulfill my wishes and leave, he turned in his chair to face me and belabor me with his tale of woe. 

"I took this chick out I've been talking to. We do the dinner the movie, whatever, I'm just looking to fuck her honestly. We start messing around in her room and when I get under her shirt she stops me."

"So?" I said, thinking that the story would certainly not be one to complain about.

"So? I haven't gotten laid in three weeks and this little cock tease had me worked up. I'm gonna explode."

"Great, thanks for sharing," I said, though I rather knew the feeling at this point. 

"Don't be a dick," he said.

"I'm not," I said "I just don't know what to do about your blue balls situation. Call up one of your girls. I'm sure someone will fuck you."

"I've tried. Can't seem to scare up some pussy tonight," he said. "I'm gonna go take a shower."

He got up and stripped down to the boxers and grabbed his shower kit. You might think this was going to give me cause to celebrate and jerk off but his showers are notoriously short lived affairs and I wouldn't have time, even with the pent up excitement. Instead, I decided to just go to bed. It was late and I had a test in the morning. 

I dozed off. 

I woke suddenly to a quiet "Psst". It took me a moment to get my bearings but when I did I saw something I absolutely did not expect to see. The beds are bunkbeds, with me on the bottom bunk. Standing in front of the bed, I saw Tony's torso, completely naked. All I could see were his chiseled abs, his thighs, and his seven inch erection, proud and pulsing before me. 

I didn't make a move. 

"Hey, wake up man."

"What the fuck," I hissed back. 

"Help me out," he said. 

"What are you talking about?"

"Suck it," he said. "Suck my cock."

The words hung in the dark silence and my mouth went dry. I couldn't help but look at it, throbbing in front of me, veins pulsing. 

"I'm not gay, I have a girlfriend," I insisted.

"I'm not gay, and your girlfriend is in another state," he argued. 

I couldn't think of what to do next. I wanted to tell him to fuck off. I wanted to punch him. But one thing stopped me. I was hard. I reached down almost reflexively and closed my hand around my thick member. I was rock hard. I looked up at his dick and I realized that I wanted to exactly what he asked. 

I was tentative, sitting up slightly. It was close, an inch away from my parted lips. The engorged purple skin of his head held a smooth, delicious sheen. Without even thinking I traced a finger along the skin and heard him gasp. It was the first time I'd ever touched another man's cock. He thrust forward slightly, the tip barely brushing my lips. I could feel the heat of it and he sighed as my breath washed over it. All I had to do was open my mouth and move forward, the point of no return. 

"What are you waiting for," he breathed. 

I opened my mouth, and closed it around his throbbing head, my tongue flicking across the smooth, hot, taut skin. He moaned and thrust, his shaft descending into my hungry, waiting mouth. For a moment I just sat there, his cock in my mouth, my hand on my cock, both of us relishing the sinful joy of it. Then I began to move. My head sliding back and forth in slow, smooth, wet strokes. He moaned above me.

"Yes, that's it."

My efforts were encouraged by the salty taste of his precum. His moaning spurred me onward. I wanted to please this organ before me. I wanted to quell its burning need to cum. It was my master and I a humble, eager servant. 

There was a wet, sucking pop as he pulled out of my mouth. I whimpered and darted forward, wanting more, but he lifted his dick out of the way and I was met with his balls sliding against my eager mouth. I lapped at them with equal enthusiasm, enjoying the contrasting softness of his scrotum as he jerked himself. I pushed his hand away and replaced it with my own. He groaned his approval. 

When next he pulled away I knew it was time to release him of his need. He thrust his cock into my mouth and fucked, slow but sure strokes that nearly had me gagging. I wrapped one hand around his shaft and with the other cupped his balls. His moaning became more urgent. He stopped his thrusting and I took over, slurping every inch of him into me as he grabbed the back of my head in one large hand.

"Yes, yeah, come on, YES!" The last was punctuated by his whole body tensing suddenly and his cock bulging in my mouth as it pumped warm, thick cum into me. I hardly noticed the taste as I swallowed on reflex. He sat there for several seconds until there was no more cum to give and then slid his half hard member out of my mouth. I couldn't help but feel slightly disappointed as it left my mouth. 

He leaned down and climbed over top of me. I barely breathed as he wrapped one meaty hand around my cock and began to stroke. I threw my arms around his broad shoulders, pressing my face into his hot skin as I came in great, fountain spurts. 

"Holy shit," I said, lying back on the bed. He got up and I could see that most of my jizz was running down his thigh. He wiped it away and without a word got up into his bed. 

I lay there a long time before drifting off to sleep, confused but undoubtedly satisfied. 

I woke in the morning to the insistent press of an erection against my cheek.

"Again," I heard him say, and I smiled before pulling him into my mouth.