 Buddy squeezed my hand tightly as we entered my apartment. After we kicked off our shoes he took the lead and, smiling puckishly, pulled me straight to my bedroom. I'd creamed my pants spectacularly less than half an hour ago, but the stirrings I felt now assured me I would still have plenty left for him.

It was dizzying how quickly the best day of my life was following after the worst. Losing my parents, my friends, and my job had nearly destroyed me, but in exchange I'd been given the world. My world was this skinny, geeky-looking, freckle-faced cherub. I was given to fantasizing about well-built guys, but I could find nothing unattractive about Buddy, who was shockingly a year my senior at twenty-one, but short and scrawny like a teen still waiting for his growth spurt. He'd saved my life, and now he'd stolen my heart completely in his stammering, timid way.

As diffident and self-conscious as he tended to be, there wasn't much sheepishness in him now. I couldn't miss the look in his eyes. There was a beast trapped within his fragile little frame, a beast that wanted my pants off as soon as possible. I was equally anxious, raring to see just how much more of that beast I could coax out of him.

Standing near my bed, I faced him fully, breathing hard. I took the hand that had been holding mine and pressed it against the bulge in my pants.

"Yours," I said emphatically.

"Mine," he whispered, gazing up at me with wonder and desire. He placed his other hand on me, and carefully unbuttoned my jeans. He licked his lips and then slowly pulled down my zipper. That soft zipping noise, accompanied by a tremulous breath from Buddy's sweet lips, was one of the sexiest noises I'd ever heard. It was far sexier than all the bed-creaking, moaning, groaning, wailing symphonies that my very active next-door neighbours provided me with during their enthusiastic fuck sessions.

Buddy tugged on my belt loops, sending my jeans to the floor. I stepped out of them. He gaped at the size of my bulge, now separated from him by only one layer of soft cotton fabric. My earlier spend had dried to a milky stain by now, but there was a fresh wet spot of precum. He touched it with the tip of his finger, and I gritted my teeth and hissed with uncontrollable pleasure, my cock twitching. Buddy smiled widely. He looked up at me and licked his lips again. I reached up to slide my thumb across his soft, moist bottom lip—that achingly sweet, innocent little mouth that had never touched anyone else's but mine.

"You're so perfect," I breathed.

His eyes dropped, and his cheeks burned red, darkening his freckles. He was unaccustomed to compliments, but I planned to get him accustomed before too long.

"Yes, you," I added. "Absolutely perfect."

His smile slowly returned, bringing a gleam to his beautiful eyes, which were a colour I still couldn't describe.

"What next?" I whispered. "I belong to you."

His thin chest puffed out, and his mouth worked to form the shape of a word: "Sh-shhhirt?"

I raised my arms and sat down on the bed so he could reach me better. He grasped the bottom hem of my t-shirt, paused a moment, and then pulled it up and off all at once. He beamed like a kid in a candy store, his eyes roaming all over me—there was so much he wanted, and he didn't know where to start. The poor little guy had crushed on me all the way through high school, and through the years since graduation, and he deserved to have everything he'd wanted all that time.

"Y-yyyou're so c-c-c-close... to being... naked," he stuttered, poking one of my nipples with a little giggle.

I nodded and chuckled. "Keep going if you want," I urged. I'd been feeling self-conscious about my body lately, having gained a bit of pudge and lost some of the tone I'd had back when I played football, but I didn't really care about that as much now that I had Buddy looking at me like a starving kid at a free buffet.

He gave another one of his impish grins before kneeling on the carpet in front of me. He carefully removed my socks and pushed them aside with the rest of my clothes. I sat there in my boxers, watching him watch me. He placed his hands on my knees and slid them slowly upward, stroking my bare thighs. His hands finally converged, caressing the bulge of my excruciatingly hard cock beneath its thin cotton boxer tent.

"Mmmmmm..." I groaned.

"Y-you like?"

"I like a lot." I gave my hips a little jerk toward him.

"Oh!" he yelped playfully, giggling. He wrapped his hands around my veiled shaft. "I c-c-can't believe this is hhhhappening!" He touched the wet spot of precum again.

"Ohhh," I sighed. "Me neither. This is... incredible. Is it anything like you've imagined?"

He smiled distantly and continued to stroke and touch me. "M-my imagin-nation... is not so vivid. I c-could hardly even p-p-picture doing... things... with you." He looked up at me warmly. "I did try... picturing you naked... a little. You're... b... bigger."

I grinned. "Yeah, I've put on a few," I teased.

He laughed and rested his cheek against my thigh for a few moments. "No, I m-mean... your...."

"My what?" I pressed.

He squeezed my shaft with both hands. "This."

I gasped at the action of his hands. "You mean my cock?" I purred, feeling exquisitely dirty. "You like my big... long... thick... hard... cock?"

A little shudder went through him. "Y-y-y... yyyes. Your... c... c...." He squeezed his eyes shut for a few moments, mouth twitching. "Cock!" he finally spat out triumphantly.

I groaned happily and tousled his wild, soft, auburn hair. "You're so hot!"

He laughed delightedly, and leaned closer to me. He pressed his face against my cock and balls and inhaled deeply. "Mmmmm...."

"Oh!" I huffed. I could feel the gentle vibration of his indulgent moan through my most sensitive parts, and the warm press of his nose and mouth against me was almost unbearably delicious.

"Mmmm...!" He rubbed his cute little snub nose up and down my shaft, followed by his mouth.

"Nnngh!" I growled, twitching.

He pressed his lips against the tip, tasting the wet spot of precum on the fabric of my boxers.

"Ffffuck!" I groaned. "Yes fuck oh please—!"

His eyes flicked up to mine. He was clearly enflamed by my responsiveness, and perhaps recognizing the full weight of the power he possessed. His tongue prodded at me, making my hips jerk. I had never wanted anything so much in my life as I wanted Buddy's mouth on my bare, throbbing flesh in that moment.

"Pleeeeease!" I hissed, massaging his scalp with shaking hands.

Buddy smiled adoringly, flicking his tongue against me once more before pushing himself up to kiss me on the mouth. I knew my own taste well, and there was a faint salty tang of it on his lips that ramped up my desire even further.

"Buddy... ohhh...!" My breath trembled as it left my lungs.

"Y... your face right now, it's just... just... dreamy," he whispered, placing his hands on my cheeks. "M-m-mmaking you... look like that... it's the b-best thing in the... whhhole worrrld!" He nuzzled his nose against mine and then knelt down again, this time grasping the elastic waistband of my boxers. I leaned back on my hands and lifted my butt a little to help him out. He slid my boxers down gradually, his wide eyes fixated on my bulge as it was caught beneath the waistband, and then suddenly pulled free, slapping against my belly. He gasped and quickly yanked my underwear off the rest of the way.

I settled my rear back down on the bed and grinned down at him as he took in the sight of my enormous erection, bobbing eagerly, resplendently nude and scarlet-tipped. I'd never been naked and aroused in front of someone before, and there was a certain exhibitionist thrill in simply sitting there letting him gawk at me.

"You like?" I whispered.

His sweet lips parted softly, eyes finally flicking up to mine. I watched enthralled as that doll-like mouth that reminded me of Johnny Depp's made fascinating shapes, searching for the right words to answer my question. He gave up on words and just nodded. A few moments later his hands slid up my thighs and converged on my shaft again, this time without the intrusion of clothing. My jaw fell open as he touched my bareness with his warm, precise little hands. He gripped me firmly, one fist atop the other, and there were still a couple of inches above his hands.

"Wow... oh... wow," he huffed.

"You're telling me!" I gasped.

He slid his hands up my length and back down again. He kept one fist around the base and used his fingers to explore the head. I shivered as he passed a thumb around the edge of the mushroom flare, and then across the slit. His hand dropped down. He cupped my balls, fondling them gently in his hands.

"Th-these are big too," he whispered.

All I could do was pant and watch him adoringly. My sweet boyfriend, touching me, exploring me, and thrilling me perhaps more than he knew. He placed both hands around my shaft again and started tugging, tentatively at first, and then with a steady rhythm.

He was jerking me off. Buddy was jerking me off. I couldn't get over it.

"Ohhhh..." I exhaled quiveringly, melting into his touch. Precum oozed from my blushing tip, and Buddy slowed his action to watch it. He held me in both hands and milked my cock with one firm, deliberate stroke, drawing it out. The clear liquid, thick as syrup, collected in a glistening bead that grew in size until it threatened to drip. He leaned forward and parted his soft, innocent lips. Out came his tongue, reaching, just a few inches below that tempting bead of precum, and we both watched it languidly drop. For a few moments his tongue was connected to me by a thin, glistening thread. He closed his lips on it and looked up to meet my eyes as he savoured the appetizer of my desire. His eyes burned.

Buddy looked down again, eyeing the second dribble that was collecting at my slit. Quickly he darted forward and licked it, like a kid trying to catch the drip from a melting Popsicle on a hot summer day.

"Oh!" I exclaimed, tensing.

He gasped and removed his tongue, looking up at me with mild alarm.

"Please—more!" I begged. "So good!"

Satisfied that he hadn't done anything wrong, Buddy smiled, relaxed, and began to stroke me again. He leaned in, placed his lips around the head of my cock, and began to suck insistently. I couldn't stop myself from quivering—so sexy, so intimate, his mouth on me was pure heaven. It wasn't much like the countless blowjobs I'd seen in pornos, where guys slammed into each other's throats with abandon. Buddy took in only the tip—his sweet little mouth didn't look like it could accommodate much more—and sucked contentedly as if on an enormous pacifier. I listened to his eager yet soft breaths, and occasional slurping noises, and felt like I could die of happiness. I massaged his scalp, played with his soft hair, gazed at this magnificent sight until I couldn't take it anymore.

"Ohhh Buddyyyy...." I moaned, releasing his hair so he could remove himself if he wanted. "Any second—oh—!" I heaved in a tremendous gasp.

Buddy's mouth popped off of my cock, but he kept stroking with both hands. I arched and felt the intense, blissful waves of pleasure wash over me as I let loose. Buddy kept very close to me, letting the first powerful surge splash across his face, blinking just in time to avoid getting it in the eye. My pleasure splattered across both of his cheeks and dripped down generously. I exclaimed wordlessly at the delicious sight of my sweet boy with cum all over his freckled face, like a slutty little twink. I was still going—he opened his mouth for the next blast and caught most of it on his tongue. Finally he took me into his mouth again and sucked delicately, savouring every last drop of my issue.

When my orgasm had finally subsided, he stood up slowly until we were eye-to-eye. I pulled him close and licked his face clean. He straddled my lap, shut his eyes, and sighed happily as I lapped away at him. He intercepted my mouth with his and we kissed sloppily, trading my cum back and forth. 

"W-w-was it okay?" he whispered against my lips.

"Mmmm...." I kissed him several more times quickly. "Amazing. Incredible. So hot."

He hugged me tightly. I held him for a minute or two, and then pulled back a bit so I could see his face again. I kissed his cheeks. I wanted to kiss every one of those hundreds of tiny freckles. I caressed his neck, teasing around the collar of his shirt and wondering just how far down those freckles went.

Buddy slipped down from my lap and stood in front of me. My eyes travelled downward—his pants were unmistakeably tented. I looked up again, curious and excited. I scrunched the blanket beneath me in my fists, eager to see him undress. Instead, however, he turned to pick up his backpack.

"I... I...," he stammered, "I'm gonna... g-go get ready for b-bed. Be right back."

He slipped away down the hall, and suddenly I was alone in my bedroom. I relaxed my fists and let out a breath. Disoriented, I stood up and paced back and forth a little. I pulled on a fresh pair of boxers and tiptoed down the hall. The bathroom door was shut. I pressed my ear to it, careful not to make a sound. I heard nothing at first, and then I heard him breathing.

Panting.

I listened intently. He breathed harder, faster. After a couple of minutes I heard a small whimper, a sweet little keening noise that I had heard before—very recently, in fact, when he'd dry humped me to orgasm in the coffee shop bathroom.

It was a little bewildering to be deliciously sucked off by my boyfriend for the first time, and then find that he was running off to masturbate behind closed doors. I tried not to be upset. Things didn't have to be perfectly even—I knew a relationship didn't equate to a transaction. And I knew Buddy was shy and skittish. I'd told him explicitly the pace was his to set.

Still.... I wanted him. Badly.

I crept back to my bedroom and flopped down on my bed with a sigh, resigning myself to letting him show himself to me in his own good time.

Soon I heard water running. He was washing up, maybe brushing his teeth. Even that I wanted to watch.

At last Buddy returned, wearing pyjamas that made me smile even if I did wish he was wearing a lot less. On top he had a plain white short-sleeved undershirt, and on the bottom, a pair of flannel Mickey Mouse pyjama pants.

"You're so cute," I chuckled, getting up to hug him. He was soft and warm in my arms, and smelled clean and fresh—soap, peppermint, and fabric softener.

"Y-you're cute too... Richard," he whispered, smiling adoringly up at me. "I w-want to... cuddle you... all nnnight!"

"That sounds like heaven," I agreed, kissing his forehead, his cheeks, and then his lips. He tasted of toothpaste.

I cuddled him a little longer, resisting the urge to grab his adorable little ass, before heading off to the bathroom to get myself ready for bed. I left the door wide open, tacitly inviting Buddy to spy on me if he should feel so inclined.

His toothbrush sat on the counter, right next to mine. I stared at this sight for a little while, unexpectedly charmed. I hoped that toothbrush would stay a while.

I brushed up and then stood at the toilet. Hearing a soft noise, I turned my head and noticed I was being watched. He quickly disappeared, and I laughed.

"It's okay, Buddy. Look."

He peeked around the doorframe again, smiling demurely. I angled myself so that he could see me better and smiled back at him, once again feeling like a gleeful exhibitionist as I peed with my boyfriend watching.

He held my hand back to the bedroom and climbed into bed first.

"C-can I have this side?" he whispered. "I want to be... t-tucked in between you and the wall."

"Of course you can."

I turned out the lights and crawled in next to him, turning him around so I could spoon him. He molded against me perfectly, as if he were designed to be there, curled snugly against me as we lay on our sides. I kissed the back of his neck and smelled his hair. I wanted to talk to him, and figured now would be the right time—he always stuttered much less in the dark.

"Buddy," I whispered, "I loved what you did for me. I want to be able to reciprocate."

He was quiet for about half a minute. "You don't have to."

"This isn't about obligation. I want you. I want all of you. This isn't to put any pressure on you. I just wanted you to know how I feel. You're allowed to take your time. But I do... want you. I think you're gorgeous, and delicious, and very, very tempting." I slid my hand down his chest, his flat belly, and stopped just above the waistband of his PJ pants. "When you're ready."

He placed his hand over mine and then laced his fingers between mine, taking a deep breath and letting it out with a little shiver. "You... really think I'm 'gorgeous'?"

"Mm-hm. I know I spent a lot of years being stupidly blind, but I can see now, and all I see is you. My sweet little Buddy. I can't thank you enough for opening my eyes. I hope I can make you even a fraction as happy as you've made me."

He breathed hard for a little while. "Soon," he whispered. "I'm trying to... be brave. It's tempting to dose myself up with Ativan before having the guts to take my pants off in front of someone."

"It's just me." I squeezed his hand and kissed his neck, the back of his ear, his jaw. "What are you worried about?"

He sighed and pressed back against me a little. "I'm sorry, Richard. Can we maybe talk about this tomorrow? I just want you to hold me."

I relaxed and nuzzled him, feeling a little bad now. I'd said I wouldn't push him, but maybe that was exactly what I was doing. "You don't need to be sorry—I do," I whispered, giving his hand another gentle squeeze. "Whatever you want is yours, Buddy. If you just want me to hold you forever, I'll do it."

"Mmmm. My Richard...."

"My Buddy." I pressed my face into his hair and inhaled his scent, feeling a sense of deep contentment wash over me. His cute little bottom was snug up against my groin, which would have caused me obvious issues had I not just cum spectacularly. I tried not to think about sliding those Mickey Mouse pyjama pants off him and pressing my cock into his tight little hole, annihilating both of our virginities. I had to think about something else.

"I like your PJs," I whispered after a pause.

"Thanks," he giggled. "Are you a Disney fan?"

"I don't usually admit it, but... yeah, majorly. My parents took me to Disneyland when I turned eight. It was the best time of my life. Until you."

He sighed happily and pulled my hand up to kiss it. "I've always wanted to visit a Disney park. That's my dream. Well... my biggest dream was always you."

I squeezed him tightly, feeling a burst of happiness explode in the centre of my chest, sending little thrills tingling through my whole body. Ever since I'd gotten fired, I'd been unable to bear the thought of finding a new job. Now I felt pumped up with motivation. I was going to get a job—a damn good one this time—and I was going to take care of Buddy, and make his dreams come true. "I'll take you one day," I whispered. "That's a promise. I'll take you to Disney World. It'll be a first time for both of us. We'll make some epic memories."

He squealed and wriggled against me. "Oh yes, yes, yes—that would be the best ever!"

Hyped up on our excitement for the future, we talked late into the night before falling asleep in the blissful warmth of our cuddle.

* * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * *

I woke lying on my back with Buddy tucked in against me like a teddy bear, his head on my shoulder. He had one arm and one leg slung over me. I could feel his breath on my bare skin, and he snored softly, making me smile. I felt a little damp spot beneath his mouth—he'd been drooling in his sleep. I smiled wider. Everything about this was perfect, except that the arm I'd had loosely wrapped around him had fallen asleep and was nearly numb. I tried to adjust it without waking him. It tingled with tiny pins and needles.
