 I had grown up with Daniel, a close friend of mine, not even a year younger than I. (I was 18). We had went to movies together, played football together, done everything together, but not once had I ever thought of him as more than a friend. 

Our mothers had decided that year to send us both to summer camp, as my mother was having marital problems and needed time to reconcile with my dad, and she offered to pay for Daniel to come with me, which was bonus, as I didn't really want to spend all summer with complete strangers. He was happy to go with me, not having too many opportunities as his family wasn't getting by well at all financially. In fact when I asked him, his eyes lit up and he started packing right away. 

My mother dropped us both off, gave us hugs and sent us on our way to catch the bus. We spent most of the time on the bus playing cards, and joking around as usual. 

As luck would have it, we got to be in the same cabin. Each cabin held four guys, and a counsellor. Now you might think we were a little old for a summer camp, but this camp was geared towards art, literature, and for fun, sports. Our counsellor Gary was neat. He would let us smoke, drink and whatever we wanted as long as we stayed in the cabin and no one else found out about it. So this is how we spent most nights.

One night however, Daniel and I decided to take a walk to see if we could find anything interesting, like a snake or multicoloured frog, anything out of the normal. We walked for a bit, not talking much, mostly just looking around.

Daniel sat down on the steps of an old abandoned cabin and started tying his shoe laces. 

I sat on the step next to him, and watched him.

Now, I had never considered myself bisexual by any stretch of the imagination, so it surprised me quite a bit when I watched Daniel, admiring his form as he tied his laces. And for the first time in 18 years, I saw him... really saw him. He had waist long dark hair, and beautiful green eyes. The type of green that even a cat would envy. When he turned and smiled at me, it melted me. I smiled like an idiot back at him, and he started talking about his ex-girlfriend, and the problems he was having with her. I didn't hear anything he was saying, all that kept running through my mind was that I wanted to have him, and had to... 

Daniel looked up at me again, and before I could stop myself I leaned over and kissed him. He jerked back and stared at me as if I were a martian or something. 

"Damian what the hell?"

"I'm sorry, I don't know what got into me" I stammered and looked down, staring at the ground, knowing I had just lost my best friend, for sure.

Daniel sat there quiet for a minute, not saying anything, and I just sat there, paralized and amazed at my own stupidity.

"No, it's alright." Daniel said. Then I felt his fingers under my chin lifting my face up to look at him, and he smiled. "Dude, don't worry about it."

I felt a tear slide down my cheek slowly, and a look of sadness passed over his face. Daniel leaned over and kissed it away, gently, then looked into my eyes. He smiled and leaned forward again, brushing his lips against mine softly.

"I've wanted you for such a long time, Damian." I was shocked to say the least but I let him kiss me again, this time sliding my hands along his shoulders and up behind his neck. He caressed my back and kissed me, his tongue sliding in and out of my mouth and I loved the feeling of it, completely. Daniel jerked my shirt out of my jeans and slid his hands under it, along my chest, and I let out a sigh, biting into his neck lightly. He pulled my shirt off completely and licked my chest, running his tongue across my stomach. I leaned back, enjoying the feel of it, and I felt my zipper being pulled down. I looked down and he undid the button and pulled my jeans and boxers off in one movement. Daniel wrapped his fingers around my cock squeezing slightly, and licked the head, causing me to moan. Licking all around the shaft, he slid it into his mouth, sucking hard. I buried my fingers in his hair and leaned back against the wall, never wanting it to end. It just felt so good...

I could feel myself getting close to cumming so I pulled back and he let me go. 

"That was fucking amazing. Have you done that before?" I asked, thinking that he had to have, no guy could be that good the first time.

"No, you're the first one" Daniel blushed. "Why didn't you let me finish? I liked it."

"I want to return the favor" I said and smiled at him. 

Pushing Daniel back on the steps I yanked down his shorts and boxers, leaving his cock fully erect and standing straight up. I took it in my hand, enjoying the feel of it, never having touched another man's cock before in my life. I stroked it a few times, to which he moaned quietly, then slid it into my mouth. Wrapping my tongue around it, and licking up and down the shaft, I loved the taste. This was far better than any of the girls I had been with. I was enjoying this completely, feeling his cock slide in and out between my lips, and I was at it for a good little while before Daniel tapped my shoulder, and pulled away from me.

"I don't want to cum yet" he said between breaths, smiling. He pushed me onto my back and straddled me, his cock hanging above my face, and started to suck mine again. I laid in the grass, moaning uncontrollably, before taking his cock into my mouth again, sucking harder than the first time and stroking it fast. Daniel started fucking my mouth slowly, then a bit faster, and I gladly did the same. Soon we were fucking each other's mouths like crazed rabbits, oblivious to the rest of the world, only paying attention to each other and the passion we held together. It wasn't long before I felt him tense up and he took his mouth off my cock long enough to say "I'm gonna cum Dami..." To this, I sucked harder, stroking him fast. I took my mouth off and said "Cum for me Dan baby!" I got my mouth back over his cock just in time to catch the first bit, swallowing hungrily, as he moaned my name loudly. His legs were shaking as he calmed down a bit, then he turned and kneeled between my legs, taking my cock into his mouth and sucking hard. I couldn't last any longer, as I felt tidal waves of pleasure rip through me, I grabbed the back of his head, pushing my hips up and forcing my whole cock down his throat. He grabbed my ass and held my cock in his throat while I came, and I had never felt anything so good in my life. When I finally started going limp, he crawled up beside me and kissed me, tasting himself in my mouth, and smiled at me.

"This is going to be one hell of a summer, Damian" he smiled and cuddled up to me, and we fell asleep in the grass.