 The boy stood at the side of the dirt road under the blazing sun, and raised the bottom of his shirt to wipe the sweat off his face, baring his rippling abs. He couldn't believe he was stuck in this shithole. Fine, so he had misbehaved a few times this past school year. So fucking what? What did they expect when they held him back a year? He was eighteen and about to be a senior in high school, while his friends had all graduated. He only stayed in school at all because his mom threatened to kick him out of the house if he didn't finish, and as much as Beau (what the fuck had his mom been thinking with that name?) hated school, he wanted to get a fucking job even less.

But he had agreed to stay in school, not to this. Not to spending his summer in the middle of fucking nowhere. But his mom had made it clear: either he spent the summer with his mother's sister-in-law in the country, where he would presumably stay out of trouble, or he was out of the house. If only he hadn't been caught fucking the neighbor girl last week... Beau cursed himself for being so stupid as he approached the door of his aunt's country house. 

It had been a long, hot bus ride. Beau wore a sleeveless t-shirt, cargo shorts, and flip-flops. The sun cooked, and his shirt was practically drenched with sweat during his walk from the bus terminal to the house. The entire walk had been along a dirt road, and his feet ached. He trudged up the steps of the porch and rang the doorbell. He had never met the ex-wife of his mother's deadbeat younger brother, and he was unsure of what to expect.

A good-looking woman of about 35 answered the door. "Beau, I presume." She brushed her long, blonde hair to the side. "I'm Aunt Sarah." She smiled. 

Beau hadn't expected his aunt to be so pretty. He wondered why his uncle had left her. Beau knew that she wasn't related to him, yet was still taken aback by how... different from him she was. Her light blonde hair contrasted with his short, dark brown hair. She was small and slender; Beau was about 6'3", and built. He had no use for manual labor, but he didn't mind spending time in the gym, and that had left him with a ripped body he was proud of, and that had led to him getting laid on a regular basis. 

His mind wandered and he wondered if his aunt had any cougar friends -- or, if he was really lucky, their daughters - who might want to take his thick, ten-inch cock. He wasn't necessarily into older women, but he knew that some more experienced bitches went fucking crazy when presented with a young, hung stud. "Uh, yeah, I'm Beau. Nice to meet you, I guess." He stuck out his hand.

"Oh, honey." His aunt shook her head. "I am so happy to have you here, and you are welcome as long as you like, but hell if I am touching your sweaty, smelly ass. You come on inside, get cleaned up, and then we'll have a proper introduction."

Beau smiled, shrugged and walked inside. The house was nice and spacious. His aunt had lived there, alone, for years since his mother's brother left her, and it was immaculate and nicely decorated. So different from the cramped, cluttered mess Beau knew at home. He started to walk into the living room, hefting a large, heavy bag in each hand. 

"Now where the hell do you think you're going with those on?" 

Beau turned to see his Aunt looking disapprovingly at his flip-flops.

"I have kept this house clean for seven years, and I will be damned if I let you track in that filth from the road. You take off your shoes when you enter my house, young man."

Beau wasn't used to being spoken to in such a manner. "Uh... yeah sure, you're right." He returned to the door and slipped off his flip-flops, resting his bare feet on the carpet. "There."

"Much better," his aunt said. "Beau, I'm not here to be a hard-ass. I know you've had a rough time. I know your mom can be a bitch and that school fucking sucks. I'm not here to keep you on a short leash. But your mom says you're a good kid deep down, and I think this time away will help you realize that." She put her hand on his bare, sweaty shoulder and smiled at him. "And you are fucking disgusting. Please get cleaned up."

"Uh, yeah, sorry about that, it's hot..."

"I know, dear. It's hot as shit outside. That ain't gonna change." 

Beau chuckled. 

"You know what else ain't gonna change? This place is boring as Hell, and there isn't any trouble to get up to. Now, I'm going to treat you like an adult. That means that what's your business is your business, but I won't abide misbehaving in my home, and I am not going to change my habits for you."

"I understand." Beau was surprised to feel intimidated by the small woman standing in front of him. "I'm, uh... not trying to cause trouble here. I just don't wanna make my mom angry..."

"I know you don't dear." His aunt again clasped his shoulder. "Fuck, okay, we gotta get you cleaned up. Now, this is gonna be kind of weird. I don't apologize, because this is my house and you're a guest in it." She wiped her hand on her jeans. "The house has no shower in it. It's outside."

"Uh... outside? Wha-?"

"Outside. Now, I'm not gonna lie to you. You'll get no privacy. It's just a tall spout with a stone platform to stand on, and nothing surrounding it. What I will tell you is that I shower out there every morning, and ain't nobody seen me once. You gotta remember, it's miles to the next house, and you won't be visible from the road."

"Oh, uh... yeah, I mean, sure, whatever, I don't care as long as nobody can see me." Beau was caked in sweat and dirt, and would have showered in the middle of Times Square if necessary. "You just point me in the right direction. I promise I won't get in your way."

"I'm glad we understand each other." His aunt smiled at him. "I think we're gonna get along just fine. I'll show you where to get cleaned up and fix you some food."

"Yes, ma'am." Beau was feeling better about his situation for the time being. His aunt, however assertive, was much nicer and more accommodating than he anticipated, and his mind still swam with the possibilities of bedding some friends of hers down the line. If all he had to put up with for the time being was showering outside, he could deal with that. 

"Good. Come along, now. Don't bother putting your shoes back on. I got your towel right here, and you can get dressed and come to the kitchen when you finish. Now, you take this," she said, throwing the towel over Beau's shoulder, "go into that room over there and get undressed, come back here, and I'll take you to the shower. There's no real good place to put clothes outside so they don't get dirty, so you'll have to get undressed inside."

Beau nodded and walked down the hallway in the direction his aunt indicated. He turned into the room that was to be his. It was small and plain, furnished with only a twin bed and a desk. He dropped his bags on the floor, and took the towel from his shoulder. It seemed small. Whatever. 

Beau peeled off his shirt, revealing his ripped, hairless chest and stomach. He could smell his own sweat as he removed the damp shirt; he rubbed his chest and abs and at that moment completely realized why his aunt had been reluctant to touch him. He tossed the shirt into a hamper that sat in the corner of the room. Beau next unbuttoned and unzipped his cargo shorts, which fell to his feet before he kicked them onto the bed. Clad now only in low-hanging boxers, Beau looked out the window. Nothing but fields to be seen for miles around. 

He sighed and dropped his boxers, letting his cock swing free. No two ways about it -- Beau was hung. Completely flaccid, as he was now, Beau's cock still hung at about 7 thick inches. He kicked his boxers into the hamper and grabbed the towel off the bed, wrapping it around his waist. He was right; it was small. He had to hold it closed, and it only hung down to his knees. His fault for relying on the furnishings of a small, slim woman, he figured. One hand holding the towel in place around his waist, Beau left the room and returned to the doorway to find his aunt.

"There you are. Don't bother putting on your shoes; just more to keep track of. Now come here." She opened the door and headed outside. Beau followed.

The sun momentarily blinded him as he stepped out into it again, his feet treading on the dirt leading up to the small porch. The sun felt good on his broad shoulders and exposed chest. He turned his face to the sky and almost held his arms outstretched to embrace the rays before he remembered that doing so would necessitate dropping the towel and leaving himself start naked.

He walked from the dust onto and the dry grass as his aunt rounded the corner to the back of the house. It was true what she said; there was barely a house to be seen for miles. If Beau squinted, he could see one house far in the distance far down the road from his aunt's house, but it was barely a speck. 

"That's it over there." Sarah pointed toward a small, square stone platform in the middle of the backyard. On the side of the platform facing the house, out of the ground rose a tall pipe that curved into a pipe at the top. "Now, just turn the spigot and water'll come out. There's a hook on the side of the pipe where you can hang the towel. You take this," she extended her hand to hand him a bar of soap, "and try to make yourself more pleasant to be around. I'll fix us some lunch." She turned and started walking back toward the house. 

Beau approached the stone shower platform. He placed one foot on it first, confirming that it was, in fact, hot. One of his hands held the bar of soap, and the other held his towel closed. He surveyed his surroundings. No place to put the soap without it getting dirty. Fuck it. Beau whipped the towel off his body and hung it on the hook of the pipe. He immediately noticed the feeling of the warm sun on his bare ass. Beau turned the spigot and immediately got under the cold water, gasping as it hit his chest.

Strange as it was to be naked outside in the middle of the day, Beau liked the feeling of the hot sun and cool water hitting his body at the same time. He closed his eyes and ran the bar of soap across his chest, down his abs, working up a lather and soaping his cock.

"Hey, I forgot, you got any food allergies I should know about?" Sarah stood a few yards away from the boy.

"Jesus! You scared the shit out of me," exclaimed Beau, as he quickly covered his cock and balls with both hands. "I'm naked here!" 

Sara laughed. "Honey, if you think that you and I are going to be sharing a house for three months and I'm never gonna see you naked -- especially with this setup -- then you're dreaming. Now, it doesn't bother me. I can assure you, you ain't got nothing I haven't seen before. Now stop standing there like a dumbass and answer my question."

Bitch doesn't play around, thought Beau. He could respect that. He moved his hands to his sides, letting his dick swing free. Hell, maybe she'd even spread the word about his cock to her friends. "Nah, I'm good with anything."

"All I needed to know. Make sure you clean that big 'ol thing all over," she said, pointing at his cock, chuckling at the way the boy involuntarily looked down at it. Sarah smiled and turned to walk away.

Beau looked up and chuckled to himself. This chick was alright. He returned to the task of soaping up his hard body, closing his eyes as he hung his head and let the water run down his back, feeling how it slid down his lower back and off his ass. It felt good. Lacking shampoo, he ran some soap through his hair and shut his eyes tight. While rubbing his head, Beau heard footsteps in the grass approaching him from behind.

"I said I don't have any allergies!" Beau chuckled to himself.

"That's fine, boy. But I didn't ask."

Beau was startled at the masculine voice that approached him from behind. He jumped and spun around, and wiping the soap from his eyes -- leaving his hands unable to cover his cock -- he squinted at the man who faced him.

The man was older than Beau's aunt; he appeared to be in his late 30's or early 40's. Flecks of grey interrupted his light brown hair. The man was tall; taller even than Beau. He was also built. But the man's muscles were not like Beau's, the result of careful sculpting in the gym. Beau could tell from a glance that the man's physique was the result of years of hard, manual labor. The effect was highlighted by the man's attire: dark, worn jeans, dirty workboots, and a ratty t-shirt. He also wore a stern expression. "Who the hell are you," he asked of Beau, in a deep, gravely voice.

"Uh, my name's Beau...," replied the boy, still a bit dazed, his hands near his face. Beau had no idea who the man was, or why he was there. In his confusion, he had forgotten about his nudity. He quickly remembered, and lowered his hands to cover his manhood. "Uh, Sarah's nephew..."

"Hmph." The man shrugged. "Saw her a few weeks ago and she didn't mention that you'd be here. But alright. I was driving down the old service road out back," he gestured, his beefy arm bronzed from time in the sun, "and I saw someone using Sarah's shower that sure as hell wasn't here. Wanted to make sure she was okay. Boy, what the hell are you doing?" The man gestured to Beau's hands, which attempted to shield his dick.

"Uh, just, you know, I'm naked, so..."

"You're among men, boy. Act like it. Stand up straight for god's sake. Arms to your sides. What are you, nineteen? Twenty? Old enough to stand like a man."

Beau cautiously removed his hands from his cock, letting it hang. He threw his shoulders back and stood tall, his hands at his sides. He wasn't sure who the hell this was, but something about the man's commanding voice communicated effectively that Beau didn't want to know what would happen if he disobeyed. "I'm eighteen."

"Old enough to know the proper way to address your elders, boy. You will call me 'Sir.'"

"Yes, sir." Who the fuck was this guy? He wasn't used to being called "boy." "Who are you? Uh, sir?" He felt ridiculous, standing naked in front of the man while the water continued to hammer his bare ass.

"Henry." The man extended his hand. He suppressed a smile at the naked boy's hesitation in shaking it. These big dumb teenage boys were all the same: all big talk until they meet someone who won't take their shit. "I live a ways down the road. I'm a friend of Sarah's. What brings you to our town?"

"I've, uh, had some problems at home. At school, too. Discipline? I guess you'd say. So, my mom, like, thought I should spend some time, uh... here. Sir."

"Mm. Listen, boy," the man reached over and put his hand on Beau's jaw, pushing his head upward. He could feel the boy go tense, but he knew that even this one wouldn't be dumb enough to fight back. "I know your type. Big, dumb troublemaker, looking to fuck around without regard to anybody else. Your aunt is a good woman, and you cause her any grief you will answer to me. I make myself clear?"

Beau's breath came in gasps. He was actually scared of what this man could do to him. The man's hand felt like steel on his jaw. He was acutely aware now of being naked and vulnerable. The thought of the man's hand on any of his more tender areas made him cringe. "Y-yes, sir. I don't want to cause Sarah any trouble, sir."

"Mm." The man's stare bore into Beau's eyes. "See that you don't, boy." He withdrew his hand from the boy in a sharp motion. "Otherwise I'll hear about it." He put his hands on his hips and looked the boy up and down. "Now you finish cleaning yourself up, or quit wasting water."

"Uh, I think I'm done, sir." Beau had been naked and stared at by too many people and he had just gotten there. He was looking forward to at least wrapping his towel around himself again. He turned and shut off the spigot. Realzing the man's eyes were still on him, he reached for his towel.

"Now get your ass inside." The man landed a hard slap on Beau's sizeable ass. 

The force of the blow caused Beau to stumble off the platform and drop his towel in the dirt. "What the -- " He looked at the man in shock, his cock swinging from the activity.

"You're not very coordinated, are you, boy?" The man let out a laugh. "I barely tapped you! We'll work on that. Now, don't put that filthy thing on," he gestured to the towel on the ground. "Just get your dumb ass inside, and tell your aunt I said hi." With that, Henry turned and began the walk back to his truck. He smiled to himself, knowing he wasn't done with the boy.

Beau stood in the grass, naked, the sun beaming down on his body, a warm breeze caressing his balls, as he watched the man depart. He was dazed by the experience. Who did that guy think he was? What was this any of his business? Why had Beau let himself be manhandled like that? Still feeling the sting on his ass from the man's blow, Beau rubbed the area softly with his fingertips. He reached for the towel on the ground, but hesitated before touching it. He remembered the man's order. Beau spun and walked naked into his aunt's house.