 His wife and two children had been gone for nearly a week; it was their annual summer trip to visit her mother in North Carolina. They would be gone another two weeks and he had no idea what to do with his time outside of work.

Today was a bit different for him. It was Saturday and he had some honey-do's to take care of out in the yard. His normal helper Mark was coming over in an hour or so. Mark was a neighborhood kid he'd been hiring for the past few years to help mow, weed, whatever needed doing. 

Mark had been on a vacation of his own after graduating, so this was the first time he'd been available this summer. Of course that meant that a lot of things that he'd been letting slide would now need to get taken care of.

Rob started to get dressed for yard work, putting on a ratty old t-shirt and shorts. He stopped to look at himself in the mirror. He was 43 now and his body wasn't what it used to be but he could still see the muscles under the little extra weight he had gained over the past few years. Resolving to head to the gym more, he headed outside.

He went to get the work gloves and his gardening tools and found where he wanted to start working next to the porch. It was a hot summer day and the sun was already high in the sky. 'Should've started earlier in the day' he though to himself.

He got to work, pulling weeks, noting to himself this was just the workout he needed as he felt the strain in his arms, legs, and back. He was so consumed with his weeding that he didn't hear the gate open behind him.

"Hey Mr. Peterson!" Mark called out.

Startled, Rob turned around. "Hey..." he paused, taking the boy in. "Mark? You look different from the last time I saw you."

Mark chuckled, "I know, I finally found my way to the gym. Couldn't let guys like you have all the luck with the girls!"

Rob laughed. " Gotcha, well...lookin' good then." Admittedly, it had been nearly a year since he'd really seen the boy. He remembered running into him this winter, but he'd had some hoody on at the time. Not a good outfit for noticing changes like this. Mark had always been a tall, skinny kid. He was naturally cut, but always mostly skinny. The boy...man who was standing across the yard was 6'3 of pretty solid muscle, looking like a cross between a swimmer and a gymnast. The tank he was wearing didn't leave much to the imagination. It was one of those workout tanks with no sides. He couldn't help but feel a bit awkward. "Feel like doing some work today? The yard needs a mow first; I'll be here pulling weeds. Once you're done mowing and trimming there's definitely more if you have the time."

"No problem Mr. P. I'll get right on it." With that he turned and went into the garage to hunt down the lawn mower.

Rob tried to get back to work, but he couldn't get Mark out of his head. Rob was feeling an itch he hadn't felt in a long time. One that he thought he was done with long ago. He felt his cock twitch in his pants as he saw the boy again in his head. This made him angry, and trying to distract himself he threw himself back into the gardening.

It was working for him for a while, he got all the weeds around the porch and set out down the side of the lawn, weeding out his wife's rose garden. Then he heard the gate open again. Mark was back, having finished mowing and trimming out front. He was pushing the mower and carrying the weed whacker over his shoulder. The tank was clinging to him all over, his nipples hard under the fabric. The boy's muscles were straining and pulsing as he walked with the heavy load. Rob realized he was staring..."Need any help?" He asked, trying to put on an expression of concern.

Mark flashed a devastating, cocky smile and said: " Nah, this is easy Mr. P." Rob smiled and forced himself to look away. Even trying to get back to work, the image of Mark's taut, straining body was seared into his mind. He realized that his cock had come to full mast without him really noticing. Rob turned beet red. He was suddenly very glad Mark hadn't needed any help.

He found himself just staring at the weed he was supposed to be pulling. He jerked back to work, taking a few deep breaths to try to calm himself down. He was shocked. It had been so long! He hadn't had an urge like this since his college days. He had thought he was long over this...thing. It had been so long since they made themselves so obviously felt. 

He had to get away for a minute. "I'm gonna run inside Mark, back in a minute." He called out. 

They boy couldn't hear him over the sound of the motor but he saw the motion and let the clutch bar go. "What was that Mr. P.?"

"Sorry. I'm just gonna run inside for a minute." He couldn't help is his eyes drifted down Mark's torso to the bulge in his shorts. "Do you need anything from inside?"

A small grin played out quickly on the boy's face and Rob was sure he had noticed him eyeing him. "I'm good Mr. P. I mean if you wanted to I could always use a beer." 

The boys breathing was making his abs coil and uncoil under his skin. Rob looked away, blushing again. He knew there was no way to stop it. All he could think to say was, "Sure, no problem." He knew that was the wrong answer, but all he could see in his head as he walked away was the sweat glistening off Mark's tan skin and he couldn't stop himself from wanting to lick the large, pert nipples Mark had. He couldn't stop himself from looking back as he walked away. He watched as the muscles in Marks back and arms leapt into action to restart the mower.

He finally found himself back in the house. He went and got a beer to calm his nerves. He went to the living room and crashed down on the sofa, taking a few swigs of his beer.

It wasn't helping him much, so he got up and paced. But every time he walked to one end of the room he could see out into the backyard. He couldn't stop himself from looking longingly at Mark out in the yard, still mowing. He began to feel a bit better as he finished his beer. He took some more deep breaths and found the resolve that had helped him through so many years. 'Get it together, he's just the neighbor kid.' He thought. He was trying to rationalize it all away now, working through his steps to self-control. He went back to the kitchen, threw the empty bottle into the recycle bin and grabbed a couple more from the fridge.

Mark wasn't drinking age, but couldn't figure out a way to get out of having said yes already. He walked outside again and sat down at the patio table. He waved for Mark to come over. He let the mower come to a stop and ambled over. Rob set the beer out for him as well as the bottle opener.

"Hey thanks Mr. P. I figured you'd change your mind. My dad won't even let me look twice at a beer." He said.

"No worries Mark, just don't let him know. I figure you're 18 now and almost ready for college. One beer isn't going to kill you." He said with a smile. Mark smiled back.

Mark was still standing. "Sit down Mark, tell me how your year went. I haven't seen you since last summer."

"Yeah, senior year was awesome. I'm sure you already noticed the big change I made over the year." Waving his hand to indicate his body. "I was just sick of being the skinny guy. I wanted to start getting the hotties." He winked. "Let me tell you, I've had a lot more doors open for me looking like this now."

"Haha! I know I used to look a little bit like that myself! But time catches up with us all. Maybe you'll do better Mark! Stick with it. Shit, I'm starting to sound like my father. Sorry Mark."

"That's OK Mr. P. I'm used to it. But otherwise it was just a great year, and I'll be heading off to State in the fall. Probably end up doing something boring like accounting."

"Well if I can give some advice, just make sure that you do something you find interesting, otherwise you'll get sick of your career really quick." Rob replied.

Mark laughed, "You old guys are so serious, I just want to make a little money!"

"Hey now, I'm not that old. You'll be here sooner that you think." He took a sip of his beer. Mark just shrugged this off.

They finished their beers and got back to work. They finished with the lawn, the weeds, fixed the gate in the fence, and pruned the trees. By then it was late afternoon. Rob called over to Mark "I think we can be done for the day Mark. Did you want another beer before you go?"

"I'm not gonna say no right? I'll just put all this away quick."

They proceeded to put everything back where it belonged in the garage and the shed. Rob proceeded inside to the kitchen. He was glad the day was finally over and the temptations he was feeling for Mark would be able to be put away. He hated himself for having so much desire for the beautiful 18 year old. He took a couple more deep calming breaths, grabbed the beers from the fridge and went back outside. Mark had decided to move one of the chairs out in to the sun and was laid back with his arms up, fingers laced behind his head. When Rob brought the beer over it seemed he stepped closer than he had intended. Mark's elbow touched his leg as he reached to grab the beer. A shock of electricity ran through him. He stepped away quickly, he hoped before Mark noticed his odd behavior. But when he sat down in his chair he thought he saw that cocky grin flicker across the boy's face.

"Well thanks for all your help Mark I know I let all this back up a bit while you were on vacation."

"No worries Mr. P. I'm always happy to help, I mean it's not like you're not paying me or anything right?" he said with a grin. "I've got a date later tonight, so it'll come in handy." 

"A hot date huh? I barely remember what that is!" Rob laughed.

"You and Mrs. P always seem great. Anything wrong?" Mark asked.

"Oh it's just different when you've been married for a while. Our dates are more about getting away from the boys than anything else at this point." He confessed.

"Wow, you make it sound so fun."

"Ha! It has its charms, being with someone you love, raising a family. That's why I got married in the first place. Wouldn't trade it."

"But still," Mark said, "you gotta keep that passion right?"

Rob laughed " Of course, it just takes more work after a while."

"Well I hop you don't mind me saying, but I always thought Mrs. P was a fox."

"I'm sure she'll appreciate you saying so." Rob replied.

"Ah don't be like that, you're an attractive guy too. You guys make a good couple."

"Thanks again! It's good to know what the neighborhood kids think of us. I'm gonna get another one, you want?" he asked

"Again, I'm not gonna say no..." Mark replied with that cocky grin.

"Just make sure I'm not getting you drunk. I don't need to hear from your parents." Rob went inside, realizing he was beginning to feel a little tipsy himself. Must be all that work, maybe a bit dehydrated he thought to himself. He brought the new beers back out and gave one to Mark. He stumbled a bit at the door.

"You getting a bit buzzed Mr. P?"

"No, no of course not." He protested.

"Alright man, just don't crazy drunk at 5 o'clock in the afternoon!"

"I'm doing my best. Well speaking of women, I bet you have better luck with the ladies now. Not that you wouldn't before I mean." He fumbled, trying not to insult the boy. He was feeling a bit of liquid courage now with a few beers in him, in the back of his head he knew he should leave it alone. He was playing with fire.

"Sure Mr. P. a lot of girls have wanted a piece." He said, grabbing his crotch suggestively. Grinning and laughing at the shocked look on Mark's face. 

Rob couldn't believe the boy would do something like that in front of him. He felt his cock rising instantly to attention in his shorts. His eyes were drawn to the boys clenched hand. A bit late he laughed and looked down at the beer in his hand. Crossing his legs he replied as jovially as he could. "I bet they do! I bet they do at that."

Mark got that sly smile again. "Sorry Mr. P, didn't mean to embarrass you or anything, must be the beer."

"You're fine, just not used to having 18 year-old kids being that forward. But that's just me feeling old again." He was definitely drunk now. "If you don't mind I'm going to take a shower. I think I need to sober up a bit."

"Not a problem Mr. P. I hate to ask but would you mind if I did the same? It's getting late and my date's coming up quick."

He thought about that for a second too long. "No, go ahead and use the guest bathroom downstairs."

He let the boy get up and go in first in the hopes that Mark wouldn't notice his still raging hard-on. But he thought Mark did see when he turned around at the top of the stairs. "Just down here?" he asked.

"Yeah, on the left at the bottom of the stairs. Can't miss it." Mark thanked him and proceeded down the stairs.

Rob stumbled a bit heading up the stairs and cursed under his breath. He made it to the bathroom, drank some water from the faucet still thinking he was probably dehydrated. He turned on the shower and took his shirt, shorts, and boxers off. He couldn't help thinking that Mark was doing the same not so far way as he climbed into the shower. It made his cock stiffen again as he wondered what was snaking out of the boys pants. He couldn't help picturing the water washing over the boy's muscled chest and abs.

He shook his head in the water, trying to shake away his imagination. He was ignoring the 6 inches of inflamed cock between his legs. He couldn't give in to that temptation. He had promised himself long ago that he would never go down that path. Sometimes he wondered if it was getting harder to keep that promise as he got older.

He was concentrating hard on forgetting the boy. He finished soaping up and washing himself off. He was just standing in the water for a minute, steeling himself for the last push. He just needed to pay the boy and send him off on his date. He turned the water off and toweled himself dry.

He opened the door gingerly and walked out into the bedroom. He went over to the dresser to grab a fresh pair of boxers to put on. It was then that he noticed Mark in the doorway. "OH! You scared me Mark, wasn't expecting you there. Anything wrong?" he asked. 

Mark was standing there in only a towel. "Nothing's wrong, just came to check on you. You seemed like you were getting a little sloshed downstairs. Wanted to make sure you didn't hurt yourself."

"Thanks, no I'm fine. The shower was just what the doctor ordered." Rob replied.

"I bet... but I think I've got something you seem like you want more. At least judging by how much you've been eyeing it today." He had placed his hand on his chest and let it slide down his torso to the bulge under his towel. He started to massage his cock as Rob watched.

"Rob stammered for a second "I don't know what you're talking about! Why're you doing that? Stop it right now and go get dressed!"

"If you're sure that's what you want Mr. P."

"Of course I'm sure, I'm married! I've got two children!" Rob was angry, but was also scared and he wondered if Mark could hear the fear in his voice.

"I only ask because it looks like your body's having a different reaction..."

"What are you talking about?!?" Rob thundered.

Mark just nodded downward. Rob slowly looked down and then he knew he had betrayed himself. His cock was standing at attention under his towel. Rob let out a whimper. "It doesn't mean anything."

"Listen Mr. P, I'm just..."

"Shut the fuck up and get out!" Rob yelled.

"Well now you're pissing me off Rob." Mark replied. "I know old fags like you need dick, and now you're going to take your medicine."

Rob's mouth hung open. His cock was stiffer than he thought it ever had been before. He slumped down on to the bed in shock. "Yes." He admitted quietly.

"I didn't hear that Rob."

"I said you're right Mark."

"That's what I thought." Mark said as he finally entered the room. He undid the towel from his waist and let it drop. His cock sprang free and Rob could see it was large, probably almost 9-inches. Rob couldn't help but lick his lips. Now that he had acknowledged his need to submit to the 18 year-old boy, he was surprisingly ready to get down to business.

"Tell me you want my cock Rob. I'm not going to give it to you until you tell me how much you want it faggot."

Rob sat for a moment before he replied in a small voice "I want it."

"What was that little bitch?"

"I want it." Rob said a little louder.

"You want what? And call me sir." Mark demanded, now firmly taking control of the situation.

"I want to taste your cock...sir."

"I know Rob." Mark walked over to Rob, still sitting on the bed, and began stroking his engorged member. Rob licked his lips again. It was torture that he had finally admitted this secret thing, this desire, and the boy was toying with him. He leaned forward, trying to get the boy's cock in his mouth.

"Not yet Old Man." Mark said with a grin. "Only when I tell you you can."

"But I told you I wanted it, wasn't that enough?"

"Call me sir or master." Was all Mark replied.

Rob paused. He knew he shouldn't give in to this...boy, but he had a power over him now. He'd exposed his deepest, darkest secret.

"Yes master." Rob finally said. 

Mark's grin broadened. "Now you can suck my cock Old Man. Just the head."

Rob leaned forward again and took the boy's cock-head into his mouth. He moved his tongue around over the head, tasting every bit of it. The boy smelled clean and fresh, but the musk of his balls was still there, and it was intoxicating now that his face was so closed to his body. He could taste the tang of Mark's precum. On his tongue as continued to suck and lick the boy's mushroom head.

"Good start faggot. Now really get to it. I want to feel my cock go all the way down your throat."

Rob looked up at the boy as he started moving up and down on the boy's cock. The ridges of the boy's abs and the mounds of his beautiful pecs all lay out before him. He stared into the boy's eyes. Mark said, "I like watching you suck my dick Old Man. To tell the truth it's always been a fantasy of mine to get with you. But when I say I want to go balls deep, you damn-well better get to work." He brought his hand around to the back of Rob's head and pushed down hard. Rob didn't really think anything could go back that far in his throat. He gagged. Mark laughed at him. "Keep trying." He kept pushing that 9-inch tool down Rob's throat. He gagged again.

The boy wasn't letting up. After a few tries it seemed like Rob's gag reflex just gave up. Rob was surprised that taking the boy's large cock all the way to the hilt would so good for him. He'd always enjoyed a good BJ from his wife, but she always complained a bit, so he always assumed it wasn't fun to be on the other end. But this sensation almost made him want to cum right then and there. He wanted to do it more, and faster! He was shoving the boy's cock down his throat again and again; Mark didn't have to push anymore. The boy was moaning now.

"Ohhhhh, this old faggot can suck a cock!" Mark knew he was getting close so he grabbed Rob's hair and yanked his head back. "That's enough for now faggot."

"But I want more..." Rob replied. "I liked that."

"What was that?" Mark asked.

"Sorry. I liked that master."

"I knew you would. You took it like a pro Old Man."

Rob smiled. He was really getting into it now. He knew he now wanted to please his master, because that meant his own pleasure. "How else can I serve my master?" he asked.

Mark grinned that sly grin. "Tell me you want your master inside you."

Rob's asshole started to twitch at the thought. "Yes master. I want to have your big cock inside me. Fill me up." Rob was caressing his master's thick legs. He moved his hands all over Mark's body in excitement. His fantasies were coming true today. Not necessarily in the way he thought they might. He had always thought he would like being a top, fucking the other man. But this was even better. He knew his real desire was to be this boy's bitch. He wanted to scream like his wife screamed sometimes when they were really going at it. "I have lube, the stuff my wife and I use." He offered.
