 During the warm summer months, I like remove the top and doors off my Jeep. I love the feeling of the sun and wind on my body as I drive along. This goes well with my fetish for wearing short shorts. I feel more exposed as I drive along knowing everyone can easily see how short and tight my shorts are.

One day I visited the local adult novelty store and found a very realistic looking silicone cock. It was not ridiculously large, but still quite big. I had a naughty thought when I saw it. I imagined driving around with it buried deep in me. I quickly bought it and took it home. 

That evening I glued it to a nylon strap and fixed it to the seat in my Jeep. In the privacy of my garage, I put some lube on it, stripped down and sat on it. The feeling of it slowly sliding in me was exquisite. It filled me and when I moved just a little, it sent tingles all through me. I then got off of it and went in the house to put on the perfect pair of shorts to wear for a drive.

They are made of a shiny red satin material with white trim. They are styled after the gym shorts of the 70's and early 80's. If you look at my profile you can see me in them. The best feature of them is an opening in the back which is also trimmed in white. I put them on with a t-shirt that has the arms cut off and the bottom cut off so it barely touches the shorts. I also threw a normal pair of shorts in a little zip up bag and threw it in the back just in case I had to get out of the Jeep for some reason. I went around to the driver's seat and positioned myself over the artificial cock. The opening in the shorts is perfectly placed so all I had to do was lower myself on it. The feeling was exquisite. No one could tell by looking at me that I was sitting on a cock while wearing some naughty little shorts. I placed the seatbelt on and tightened the lap belt as tight as I could. This gave me the feeling that I was trapped on it or having it forced in me.

I could not resist now, I started the Jeep, opened the garage door and went out for an evening drive. The experience of driving around with the feeling of the cock deep in me was so arousing, I soon had quite a wet spot forming on the front of my shorts. At stop lights, some people would glance over at me and smile when they saw me in short shorts. If they only knew the whole story!

As it was approaching midnight, there was very little traffic on the streets. I found myself rubbing my hard cock through he satin material and quickly cumming. I was driving down a normally busy shopping area that was brightly lit. The danger of being caught like this made me cum like I never had before. The front of my shorts were soaked. The drive home took about 15 minutes and the feeling of shifting gears and pumping the clutch in the soaked shorts felt so hot. I was soon hard again. I rubbed myself to another orgasm in the wonderfully sloppy cum filled shorts just before I got home. 

Once back in the garage, I cleaned up and washed the shorts. As I was doing so, I got the idea of taking a drive out in the country and driving on some of the offroad trails. The thought of bouncing around with the silicone cock in me sounded fun. 

I had to wait for a couple of days for the weekend and as the time drew near, I got more and more excited. On Saturday morning, I dressed in the red shorts and cutoff t-shirt and left the house at dawn. It was about an hour drive to one of the country roads that are nothing more than two ruts going up and down the hills. The anticipation and then the feeling of bouncing around on the cock had me dripping with excitement. A very prominent wet spot had formed on the front of my shorts. I was just thinking about how I was going to make the feeling last as long as possible when a sharp rock punctured my left rear tire. I could not believe it. It was only the second flat I have ever had and had to happen today. 

I stopped and got out to check the tire. Carefully raising myself off the cock, I was lucky no one was around. I figured I had better put on some regular shorts so I could change the tire. To my surprise, the bag containing the shorts was not in the back. I then remembered taking it out and forgetting to bring it along today. There I was, stuck on a lonely trail dressed like I was. I thought thankfully the place was deserted and quickly got on with the job of changing the flat. Every now and then looking around to be sure no one was coming. 

I first loosened the lug nuts then placed the jack under the Jeep. I was kneeling on one knee cranking on the jack when I heard a voice behind me "Having trouble?" I gasped and being caught and managed to mumble that I had a flat while driving around in the trails. He said he was out for a hike and I did not hear him approach at all. He was good looking, about my age and was wearing some Adidas sprinter shorts that had side splits all the way up to the leg. The most noticeable thing about the shorts was that it was obvious that there was no lining and he was not wearing anything under them, the thin flimsy material struggled to keep him covered. As I looked up at him, I could see the moment he noticed the naughty feature of the back of my shorts. He quickly commented "I love your shorts!" and gave a little grin. I quietly said thanks and noticed his gaze went over to the driver's seat. I was blushing brightly with embarrassment when he then said "Oh my!...Looks like you were really enjoying your drive!" I could do nothing else but say yes. He then offered if I needed any help. Not knowing what else to do I accepted and thanked him. 

He introduced himself as Fred. I told him my name and thanked him for offering to help. He helped me remove the tire and take the spare off the door mount. Every time I caught his eye, he would just smile at me. As we knelt down to lift the tire on the axle and put the lug nuts on, I noticed he would let his leg brush mine at every opportunity. A couple of times he reached between my legs to pick a lug nut off the ground. I could not help but notice how the back of his hand would brush the front of the tightly stretched satin material of my shorts. I know he would also feel the damp spot which mysteriously kept growing larger. I also could not help but notice his cock growing in his shorts. Often the tip peeking out below the edge of his shorts. I was very obvious the effect this situation was having on the both of us. The tight satin material rubbing against my cock every time I moved was making it very hard to concentrate on the job at hand.

When we were done, I was placing the tools and jack under the passenger seat. I had been so distracted by the stranger that I totally forgot about my shorts. As I bent over the back of the Jeep to put the tools away, I felt his hands firmly grasp my hips. I froze in disbelief at what was happening. He leaned over, pressing his chest against my back and he whispered in my ear Just relax...You know you want this...Just relax and enjoy it." I then felt him pressing the front of his flimsy shorts against my rear. I could feel his hardness through the thin satin material of my shorts and the thin almost sheer material of his. I felt my legs spread a little. I was doing it! I could not stop myself! I then felt his hand between my shoulder blades pressing me gently, making me bend over just a little more. I could only imagine the view he had of the opening in the back of my tight little red shorts, just begging for him to take advantage of my situation.

I glanced back and noticed his engorged cock had easily slipped out a leg opening of his shorts. I soon felt the tip find the opening and slowly slip between my cheeks and press a little against my opening. He just stayed there for a little while, slowly squirming. Gawd it felt sooo good!! A moment later I felt myself uncontrollably pressing back against him. I was so hard and dripping with anticipation that it almost looked like I had already cum in my shorts. A second later his head slipped into me. I could not stop or control it. I came instantly like I had never before. I filled the front of my satin shorts with cum. A groan escaped my lips and I know he felt the pulsing of me cumming. He then ever so slowly slipped into me until I felt his body completely against mine. His cock was much bigger than the silicone one on my seat. 

The feeling of being filled so completely had me hard again in no time. He then slowly withdrew until the tip was barely inside me then suddenly plowed into me in one sudden thrust. I grunted loudly in ecstasy as he did. I had never felt something so hot, so sexy, so naughty, so sooooo good. He withdrew again and then started a slow rhythmic pumping action. Fucking me sooooo well. Slowly picking up the pace. After a few moments he was fucking me with wild abandon. I had never felt so aroused...so hot...so used...so sexy! I wanted the feeling to last forever. I second later I could not help but cum again. This time when he felt my pulses, he came deep in me. Filling me with his hot seed. He stopped deep in me making sure every drop was deep in me. As he slowly withdrew, he let go of my hips. Only then did I realize how tightly he held me. It was almost as if he was going to have me whether I liked it or not. I don't know why, but I found this so hot!

After, we exchanged numbers and promised to meet up again soon. The drive home was so enjoyable. Impaled on the silicone cock with his cum seeping out of me and the front of my shorts soaked in my own seed. A few other motorists noticed and smiled. A few even honked. I just waved and smiled back. 

I cannot wait to call him and meet up again for a wonderful adventure.