 Jamie's skin glistened with sweat. He had spent the past four hours playing basketball with some buddies. The Sun was scorching today and Jamie was beginning to notice just how exhausted he was. The game had ended and his friends were already heading home.

Jamie walked over to the bench where he had put down his water bottle as well as his shirt. He took a well needed drink from the bottle and stretched, relaxing his tense muscles. He looked around at the boys who hadn't left the court yet and focused on one in particular. Jordan stood next to the tree, resting in the shade. Jordan's eyes were glued to Jamie's body. Jamie just stared at him, a smirk forming on his lips.

Jordan looked up suddenly and met Jamie's eyes. He blushed momentarily at having been caught staring. Jamie laughed and grinned. Jordan was the new guy in the neighborhood. He was visiting his Dad here for a couple weeks. It didn't take him long to make friends. He was pretty popular with the guys here, and especially popular with the girls. Jordan had two more days before he had to go back to his home in Colorado. The past couple of weeks had been full of unspoken flirtations between the two boys. Jamie had liked him the moment he met Jordan. After all, what's not to like? Jordan was a beautiful boy. His hair was dark and curly, he had bright blue eyes and an impish grin. He was tall, with a very lean muscular build.

The boys took liking to each other almost instantly and hung out just about everyday. Both had been aware of the sexual tension between them. Jamie wanted him, and he only had a couple more days with him. It was now or never, he decided.

He walked over to Jordan and invited him back to his place. His parents were out and they'd have the house to themselves. Jordan nodded and followed him.

At home Jamie didn't hesitate. He began unzipping his jeans and walking towards the bathroom.

"I'm gonna take a shower, I'm pretty sweaty. You should come with me. You're pretty sweaty to." Jamie said, not exactly subtle.

Jordan didn't flinch. In a way he knew this was coming, had known since they met. He followed Jamie into the bathroom. The boys stood directly in front of each other, gazing strongly into each others eyes.

"Should we do this?" Jordan asked, his voice barely above a whisper.

Jamie just stared at him. He felt the corner of his lips curling into a smirk. He stepped closer to Jordan, closing the space between them. He rested his palm on either side of Jordan's hips, inching his face forward. Their lips were barely an inch apart.

"You can't say you haven't wanted to. You've wanted this as badly as I have."

Jordan didn't reply, he didn't have time to. Jamie pressed his lips against his and they kissed. The kiss didn't last long before Jamie pulled away and began to undress. He let his pants fall to his ankles and kicked them off. Jordan licked his lips at the sight and removed his shirt and pants. Next the boys took off their boxers, standing in front of each other wearing nothing but their own skin. Their cocks hung, just inches apart. Jamie moved forward until their cocks were touching. The sensation soon resulted in both boys sporting erections. Jamie brought his lips to Jordan's again and kissed him. Their tongues explored each others mouths while their hands roamed their bodies. Both trying to feel as much as they possibly could. Their bodies were sticky with dried sweat.

Jamie turned away and stepped in the shower stall. Jordan heard the rushing water as he stepped in after Jamie. Jamie once again grabbed Jordan and pulled him into a kiss. Warm water washed over them as they kissed. Jamie relished the feeling of the water rushing over his back. Jordan pulled away and began to kiss down Jamie's neck. Jamie rested his back against the tile wall of the shower stall and moaned as he felt Jordan kissing down his chest, his stomach. Jordan knelt down in front of Jamie, water cascading over his face. He held Jamie's cock in his hand and inched forward. Jamie let out a gasp of pleasure when he felt Jordan's tongue lick along the length of his cock. He gripped his fist through Jordan wet hair as Jordan licked and tickled his ball sack. He couldn't remember feeling this good in a long time. Wasting no more time, Jordan eagerly slipped Jamie's erect cock into his mouth. Jamie maintained his grip on Jordan's hair, guiding him back and forth on his cock. Jamie moaned, taking in everything the moment had to offer.

"Wait, wait!" Jamie gasped, "I'm gonna come, stop!"

Jordan stopped and stood.

"I don't want to come yet. There's something else I want to do to you."

Jordan smiled and whispered in his ear.

"Got a condom?"

"Do we need one?" Jamie asked.

"Of course we do. Are you kidding me?" Jordan looked at him in surprise.

"Alright, alright. I got one. Go wait in my room. I'll get it."

With that Jamie disappeared down the hallway. Jordan headed to Jamie's room and waited. He was anxious and turned on. When Jamie returned into the room he was already slipping the condom on himself. Jordan smiled, glad to see that his perceptions of Jamie were correct. He was a top.

Jamie walked over to Jordan and stood behind him. He gently pushed Jordan against the wall. Jordan pressed his palms against the cool wooden wall. His breath quickened as he felt Jamie pressing his lubricated finger inside him. It hurt, but he had been through this before. He didn't like to waste much time preparing for the impact. After he was well lubricated he felt Jamie's cock head pushing into his entrance. Jamie gripped Jordan's waist hard, bruising them. Soon enough Jamie's cock was completely inside Jordan. Jordan panted, holding back his pain. The pain was always part of the pleasure for him. Though he never admitted it. Jamie went slow at first, testing the waters. With an approving grunt from Jordan he sped up, going deeper with every thrust. He slammed his cock into Jordan's ass and their bodies created a rhythm. Sliding against each other, slick and wet. Jamie bit hard into Jordan's should as he held on to Jordan's waist for balance.

Suddenly a rush surged through him and he felt himself lose control. He came, biting into Jordan's flesh harder. Jordan nearly shouted at the pain and pleasure of it all. He felt himself coming as well. After their orgasms Jamie wrapped his arms around Jordan's chest, breathing heavily.

"God...amazing. You're amazing." Jamie said in between breaths.

Jordan just grinned, knowing he would never forget this day. He would definitely have to visit his Father more often. This was the best part of his vacation.

Jordan had left for Colorado two days later. Jamie regretted that they hadn't had sex sooner. Their "fling" could've lasted longer. Though, Jamie thought to himself, there was always next summer.