 Author's comment:

Hey! I'm the writer of this story, and I'd really appreciate your help in order to improve at this: if there's some language mistakes (I'm not a native English speaker), some parts of the text that don't really flow well, anything at all, I'd really like to know it in the comments; thanks for taking you time to read this story, and I hope you enjoy it as much as I did writing it!

cayde7

*****

The scent of that day

The softness of his skin was unforgettable, light and soft as the summer breeze, it gives you a shiver while leaving behind a very pleasant sensation; the sweetness of his reassurance, squeezing me in a strong possessive embrace, making me feel the strength of his muscles in my flesh, but never harming; it made you feel safe with a single touch, it read you like an open book with just a look, gaining your unconditional trust, letting you lose yourself in that reflection of the ocean, a window open to its spirit. Now I missed him, every part of my body was begging to be able to touch his body again, to still have physical contact, protection, to still be able to swim in his soul, to be warmed by his embrace: I'm absolutely crazy about him, I need to drug myself with his presence, his affection; I could probably have resisted tonight, but I would have to hold on and distract myself with some activity that didn't remind me of Liam. Easy, right?

While I was getting up from the hammock to go back to mowing the lawn, I smelled the scent of a flower - I didn't recognize it however, having never looked it up - which immediately reminded me of the cool evening of my first intimate moment with Liam. Like a thunderbolt, that memory struck me so vigorously that it blocked me completely, throwing me back just a single day... The sun was high in the sky, the heat was really unbearable: this certainly didn't help the situation, given my ever growing anxiety, waiting for his arrival; since the first time I saw him, I fell in love with him knowing that I'd been spellbound by his body, his nonchalance, that always present half smile that put you at ease and at the same time would put on you a feeling of warmth from the depths of your body that would warm your soul. Knowing at that moment that he was going to come to my house, knowing that probably, while in the pool, I wouldn't be able to hide my spontaneous response to his charm, to the lines of his perfectly defined and balanced body and, above all, being aware of having proposed myself that we'd meet - a quiet afternoon in the water, to escape from the heat for a while, relax a bit and enjoy his afternoon break from the university - made me feel so restless and tense I felt like I had to take off my shirt in the house to avoid drowning in cold sweats. 

What if he arrives five minutes earlier? What if he sees me through the window shirtless? What would he think of me? No, I couldn't possibly let him find myself that way, I had to resist the heat, not think about what would happen and hope that, in the pool, he wouldn't notice the reaction of my body to his build. What if he ultimately decided not to come? I immediately remembered not even giving him my phone number when I met him outside the university, how stupid of me... At that very moment, hearing the bell, I jumped and almost fell to the ground because of a misplaced chair, rushing to open the door: I gasped, stopping probably for several minutes, to admire his perfectly ruffled hair, that golden blond color, filled with brown veins and some, more rare, black ones; the reflection of the sun made them even more enchanting, highlighting every single fascinating nuance. His face, solar and luminous like never before, was crossed by a cheek-to-cheek smile that showed all his teeth, clearly happy to see me again; he was dressed in a light blue shirt with a palm trees weave - very summery and casual - that swayed slightly on some khaki shorts, that matched exceptionally well to his shirt. The shorts didn't leave much to the imagination, allowing me to clearly see a prominent relief below; after studying him for long minutes, he took on a slightly puzzled face, clearing his throat:

"Uhm... Hello! I'm early, aren't I? Excuse me for not warning you, I'm truly - "

"No, no, do not worry, I've been waiting for you! I mean no, yes, I was ready for when you'd arrive, I was just tidying up a few things around the living room ... Come, come in Liam! "

After entering the cool room, sheltered by the scorching sun, I asked him if he wanted to put his backpack - presumably with a towel and his swimming trunks - on a chair near the pool, to which he replied

"Certainly, thank you! I see you really have a nice living room; and I'm not saying it just because you saved me from the heat that's outside..."

We both burst into laughter as we both walked to the porch overlooking the lawn and, further on, to the pool;

"Would you like something fresh? A fruit juice, a lemonade, or even a drink maybe."

I proposed with a grin on my face. He caught my offer on the fly, smiling as usual.

"Thank you, a lemonade would do just fine, as long as we can then get rid of these clothes and jump in the water as soon as possible... "

I stood for a moment confused by the direct and unusual way with which he suggested me to dive into the pool, but I decided not to show too distressed and excited about the bath - in actuality, I was sure I was visibly jolted at his answer and I was quite sure I felt a pressure growing between my legs. I quickly went to get two glasses and filled them with fresh lemonade, before turning around and seeing him turned on his back, under the porch, getting rid of his shirt, showing his powerful shoulders, which, with a smooth and effortless movement, exposed his muscular and defined back; I almost dropped the glasses on the ground. I asked, raising the tone slightly to make myself heard, even if the voice cracked for a moment

"Um, you could also get changed in the bathroom, if you prefer."

To which he turned, presenting his pecs

"It's alright, being naked doesn't embarrass me... I'll turn around to put on the swimming trunks, don't worry"

laughing with his charming smile. I was literally breathless when he lowered his trousers and boxers, allowing me to admire his perfect backside, as smooth as that of a child and defined like the rest of his body; I shuddered as he leaned over to grab the costume, feeling relieved and disappointed, not being able to see his front side. He put on his swimming trunks, shouting

"Your turn!"

And rushing out into the pool diving in. I was still astonished. I slowly recovered walking outside with the two glasses and, placing them on a table under the porch, I turned around to take off my shirt: while I was about to put it on the chair, I heard from the pool a whistle of admiration that made me blush and feel under pressure; I took off my pants and briefs quickly, almost falling from a standstill, replacing them as soon as possible with the swimming costume and realizing, despite myself, I had an erection which was impossible to hide, as much as I could try to... I did try to cover it, turning around and proceeding towards the pool where Liam was waiting for me with a captivating look and his usual half smile of seduction.

When I entered the water, I hoped on what was dearest to me than he hadn't seen the bulge of my costume, even though I was certain that he had noticed it; he dipped his head into the water, and then emerged splashing water everywhere, refreshing me and inviting me to dive to escape from that atrocious heat... He smiled, asking

"You look a bit tense, wouldn't you want to swim a bit, just to relax?"

To which I replied by moving my hair out of my forehead and diving with him. We were making funny faces at each other under water, going from one side to the other, competing and re-emerging trying to push down each other underwater again: this game allowed me to feel and caress his shoulders, his hair, but also feel his strength - that if he had not deliberately controlled, would be able to force me to any movement - and his control over me... During those moments, time seemed to have stopped flowing, but at the same time it seemed we've known each other for a lifetime; finally we realized that the sun had already set enough to skew the color of all that surrounded us, the foliage of the trees were much more reddish, the grass of the lawn was immersed in a warm shadow, the water of the pool seemed darker, a deeper blue; we had stopped, we were both enchanted by the sunset that we saw through the leaves of the plants and we were caressed by the cool evening breeze, which filled you with life, bringing to mind the best memories ... 

We turned both to look into each other's eyes: I could see the most beautiful and deepest sea behind his eyelids, I could feel the waves crashing, it was the most peaceful and relaxing feeling I had felt for years, perhaps from childhood. I awoke as he moved towards me, slowly, making the sound of a river from the pool; his gaze was getting deeper and deeper, I was falling again into the trap of his eyes, when, suddenly, I felt his lips settle on mine. A delicate pressure, a sweet caress on the arm that warmed me like a furnace, our eyes were closed, to be able to enjoy the tactile sensations of the moment, forgetting about the day, the evening, the next day: only the present existed. His eyes suddenly widened, he jolted away and, with a tormented look, whispered, with a faint voice

"Sorry, I'm so sorry, I do not know what got me - it was ... Involuntary, you don't know how sorry I am, I shouldn't have -"

I then pushed against his chest kissing him more intensely, placing a hand on his shoulder, the other one on his neck and pushing in with my tongue, begging him to allow me to explore his body... He closed his eyes and opened his lips, accepting my desperate appeal, placing his hand on my side, causing me to shiver and responding to the kiss with a moan of pleasure. We both opened our eyes to my embarrassment for having just touched him with my uncontrollable erection, which made me blush, but opening his mouth up for a huge smile; he broke off from the kiss

"...I didn't know you were, ya know... You too were interested in -"

"Shhh, do not worry"

I hushed him placing a finger on his lips and staring at him with a look of uncontrollable desire, which made him react by taking me by the arm and dragging me to the edge of the pool; we came out of the water, he took his towel and threw it to me: to my perplexed face, he took my towel and began to wrap me to warm me up and dry my skin; I did the same, gently wiped him with his towel as I could foresee the irresistible shapes of his body, being able to roughly explore every inch of skin that I could easily access. At one point he put down my towel and approached me to kiss me again: his hands caressed my shoulders, my arms, brushed my chest and then down on my hips and, upon reaching my waist, he stopped to massage me very gently with his thumbs - I was in ecstasy, my body trembled under the pleasure of his touch on my skin; I dropped the towel on his chair and, freeing myself from the passionate kiss, as I started to go down with my lips on his neck, along his muscular shoulders, going through his warm chest, pausing for a moment on his nipples, and then continue along his abdominals, kissing and palpating every soft muscle bulge, then stopping at the waist of the swimming trunks: I looked up, seeing him look at me with eyes full of lust and desire. He put a hand in my hair, stroking and looking at me with his mouth slightly open: I took that gesture as an invitation to continue; I put my fingers in his costume, lowering it slowly until it plunged to the ground, releasing as a loaded spring the erection of his dick, which almost hit me in the face: I slightly tilted and to start kissing his balls, feeling the smooth skin and the testicles move stimulated by the pressure of my lips.

I could hear the moans of pleasure responding to my every movement and caress, while my mouth went up its skin along the length of its member: reached the tip, my touch caused the exit of a transparent drop, which I quickly caught with my tongue and tasted, looking up at Liam; his gaze was now desperately lost in yearning, he was devouring me with his eyes and I could feel from his caresses in my hair that he liked every touch on him. I moved my hand around his cock, managing to get an idea of how long and thick it was - it was definitely bigger than I was used to - and slowly moved the skin to the base, uncovering the head: hearing another moan, I opened up my lips and welcomed Liam inside me, being able to finally taste his skin, his body, feeling the heat that emanated and the frantic beating of his heart inside my mouth; I slowly began to taste his member, massaging it with my tongue and pushing it back and forth along my palate, brushing the entrance of my throat several times, never reaching with my lips his rare hair, a golden frame to exalt that monstrous astonishing sculpture that he held between his legs. At his umpteenth moaning, I knelt, having remained too much time in an uncomfortable position without noticing, without ever moving his dick from my jaws, finally managing to have the right height to take his body and be able to feel him all the way to the bottom of my throat: at that point I moved my mouth from his member with a sound of suction and, looking Liam in the eyes, I began to ask with a soft voice

"...are you ready?"

"Tom, I cannot resist a second longer without you ... Please"

I sank his cock with a single thrust until it touched the nozzle, making him moan; after a very short pause, I relaxed my muscles and began to push vigorously toward his pubes, feeling every inch of his length making its way into my throat, and being able to hear the result of my gesture in the form of moans of intense pleasure; now I could touch his soft, short hair with my lips, my hands were wrapped around his thighs, caressing the soft and tender skin of his ass, through which I could feel every quiver of his body. When I began to move my head back and forth slowly, I felt the grip of his hand tighten in my hair

"... stop Tom, please stop. I can no longer keep myself from - "

and at that moment, when I began sucking in as hard as I could, I felt his hand crushing my head against his pubes, his buttocks twitching, his scrotum pressed against my appearance of beard and I heard a howl of pleasure coming from the depths of his body, while the warm liquid oozed from his member into my throat and allowing me to feel the sour taste of his pleasure, his tender masculinity pouring into me causing me to shudder. After several moments, his hand loosened his grip,

"Sorry, I didn't want to hurt you, I could not resistAHH!"

While I freed his bird from my warm possessive grip with a snap, leaving him speechless once again for my skill and dedication;

"You are already driving me crazy, I had no idea you were so good" he said with his friendly and naughty grin; "...I still do not believe that I am... of your interest. I didn't think you could like me"

"Liam, you are fantastic. You are the only person who left me literally breathless at first glance, allowing me to swim in your beautiful eyes, being able to desire to possess your body; you're beautiful. You're the most handsome guy I've ever seen."

Seeing him blush, I smiled and kissed the inside of his thigh, making his soft dick shudder; 

"Tom, I'm crazy about you. You make me crazy. I want this to never end. Please, I'm begging you"

he said, taking my face in his delicate hands.

"Stay with me, I want our passion to be the beginning of something. Please..."

he finished with a trembling voice and with a look so sweet and deep that he bewitched me.

I got up:

"Come here"

kissing him on the mouth with passion, pushing his body on a chair; without breaking the kiss, I placed my hands on his chest, then on his hips and pressed him against the backrest, then sitting on his knees. Moving my mouth away from his inquisitive tongue, I pressed my lips against his cheek to reach his ear, to which I whispered

"Yes Liam. You're really crazy about me. From now on you will be mine, forever."

He clung his hand with a mighty grip to my hard, marble-like dick, which had been pressing against his abs since we had sat down, making me jump - with the other hand, he held the weight of my shoulders letting me lay back to leave him free access to my most sensitive parts; he lowered his head, brushing against my helmet and moving his hand on my testicles, starting to massage them: I started to moan, knowing that I wouldn't be able to resist those feelings for more than a few minutes. His lips welcomed the tip of my cock into his warm, moist mouth, in which his tongue immediately began to rub against my skin, making me tremble; while one hand caressed my balls, the other supported me, showing me his strength, his protection. He began with a slow, steady movement to please my member, which I could feel harder than ever before in that soft and welcoming cave; my hands were exploring every single interstice and space of his skin accessible and explorable, making me every second weaker, being able to feel every mighty muscle.

I was in absolute ecstasy, I was completely lost in an ethereal dream: I felt that I was approaching dangerously the most intense pleasure, the beating of my heart was unstoppable, my breathing was spasmodic, my moans of pleasure increased in intensity and duration, I could see its concentration in causing those feelings, until at a certain point I could no longer think, I felt that I was drowning, my muscles softened their grip, I was supported by Liam's strong arm; my legs began to tremble, my stomach contracted and his hand tightened vigorously around my balls; I screamed a howl of pleasure that left me voiceless, while my cock reversed my love for my boyfriend inside his mouth. I was exhausted, absolutely devoid of strength, I was not able to move a single muscle of the body - he gaped at me when he looked up and smiled cheek to cheek:

"Tom, you were incredible. Seeing yourself immersed in lust and feeling you whimper with pleasure makes me the happiest person in the world. Tom, you're the boy of my life; I never want to let you go again."

To which he hugged me tightly, allowing me to feel the warmth of his body, the sweat melting our skin and making our bodies become one; it was heaven. By now the sun had fallen, even though its light still resounded in the sky and it was able to dimly light my lawn. At that moment I smelled that scent. That flower blessed by God, that aroma which, from then on, I would always have tied to Liam - actually, to my boyfriend Liam.

As if struck by a slap, I woke up. How long had it been? The sun was already setting, my date with him would have been towards dusk, so I would have had the time to prepare a dinner: I had just lost most of the afternoon to fantasize. I was completely crazy about him.