 Author's comment: 

Dear Reader, thanks for taking your time to read this! Whether you're new to the series or you've read the previous chapters, you're welcome and encouraged to leave a feedback in the comments section: I appreciate both critic and appreciative comments, since I really want to get better at this! This chapter is, as of right now, the longest of the series, and I think it's still very accessible length-wise, but greatly improves in immersion and feelings build-up. I warmly welcome any advice regarding both the "technical" linguistic part of my work, and the content itself :D 

Thanks in advance, and I hope you enjoy my story! 

cayde7 

*** 

Unexpected surprises 

I woke up that morning earlier than usual - and since I still don't have a job, coming from a well-off family, my alarm is generally set for about 9. I turned off the alarm, stared at the ceiling for about a minute, then actually got out of bed; went for the bathroom right off, washed my face while thinking whether I still had to do some work around the house: it probably would've been wise to do the laundry, but I didn't feel like it at all, so I went downstairs, had a cup of tea and got ready to go out. Took the car and went to the best bakery in the district to buy some delicious pastries - I had an idea in mind last night, after Liam had gone back to his apartment: I wanted to surprise him at the university, and maybe get a chance to spend some time with him. And while at it, I thought of bringing him something for breakfast. He'll love it. 

Out of the bakery, back in the car and headed for his university, which was on the other side of the city; when I got there, I put the small pastries package in my pocket, then entered the main hall: which was spectacularly spacious - after all, it was quite a 'top-class' school. Liam had told me the course he was in, so I asked the receptionist where I would find his class and started going up the stairs. When I reached the second floor, I kept the right and followed the hallway until the room 206: I got in very quietly and hopefully unnoticed and began looking for Liam's beautiful fair hair between all of those students. After a couple minutes I was pretty sure I'd spotted him, so I headed out of the room and searched for a hiding spot around there - and luckily found one: there was a storage room, very poorly lit and with windows on the doors. Perfect. 

*** 

And here I am, two minutes to 9, waiting for him to come out of that damn room - wait: yes! The doors opened, people is starting to pour out! Ok, where is he... Oh, right there! 

I quickly came out of the storage, trying to act like a normal student as much as possible, and approached him from the back: 

"Hey there, good looking!" 

He turned around; his gorgeous beautiful hair was shining and gorgeous even under the cool neons of the university. "Tom?! What are you doing here!" As he noticed me, his expression warped from being confused to being incredibly happy, with his gleaming smile. 

"Hey Liam! You look stunning! Are you always so well dressed even at school?" He was wearing a deep blue long-sleeved shirt with a light gray vest and matching slacks. He also had very shiny and sophisticated elegant shoes. 

"Well, I like to look good, though I know you'll always be more gorgeous than me" he said, with a sexy smirk to which I smiled back. "Anyways, why did you bother coming all the way to my school?" 

"Oh, I don't know... I found myself around here and though you'd appreciate me bringing you a little treat, for being the best boyfriend in the world... Isn't that a good enough reason?" I winked and took out of my pocket the small pastries box. 

"You're so fucking cute, Tom, don't you know that?" he leaned in close, approaching my ear: "You know, I happen to have 30 minutes of break today, starting from now; would you like to hang out with me for a while? I guess we'll have some more time later this afternoon to... Continue what we're about to start, right?" 

"Spot on" I replied, with a husky voice. I was starting to get a bit of a bulge already. 

We began walking down the hallway, heading for the library, which was on the same floor, but a couple hallways away. He said he knew it was going to be empty at this time, because everyone was either at the cafeteria or at the bathrooms. Perfect. We sat down, chatted for a few minutes, ate the biscuits and muffins and he told me how his morning had been. 

Then, we got up, he winked at me and whispered me to follow him. So I did - we walked to the other side of the library, into the restrooms, which seemed empty (since the library was too). He went into one of the big cabins, which was pretty big compared to public ones around the city. After I entered, he locked the door behind, and put his hands on my chest, grazing my shirt and getting a feel for my skin and heat. Lust was starting to take control of me, but I remembered I needed to keep it quiet. I grabbed his vest and took it off, putting it on the door handle - I proceeded by unbuttoning his shirt and opening it up, to reveal his stunning smooth skin, covering a fabulous muscles build. 

I approached his mouth and kissed him deeply, begging for a way in with my tongue; he toyed with me a bit, then let me in, passionately sharing the desire he had for me. I slowly freed myself and found his charming deep blue eyes staring at me: I could read the yearning, I could see he was craving for my contact, he would do anything to have it right now, right here. I lowered my mouth and started kissing every inch of his skin, starting from the freshly shaven neck, down to the chest, his stiff nipples, to his abs, feeling and tasting each and every one of them. His skin was so soft and delicate, I could lick it and it would make my tongue tingle. I unbuttoned his pants, pulled them down to the floor and saw the big bulge he was hiding in his underpants. I touched it, caressed it with my hand and started tracing the edges of it with my lips, when I felt a strong and firm pressure on my arms which lifted me up straight again. "Hey, what now?" I asked. 

"Not yet, boy. You'll have to deserve it. Now turn around" he replied, with a deep and quiet voice, staring me with a predator look as he was inflexibly pushing me to the other wall. I had to abide, leaning against the wall and spreading the legs around the toilet. 

"Very well... What do we have here..." he stated as he grazed my ass cheeks and pulled down the pants to my knees. He moaned approvingly as he watched my butt out in the air; he put his strong hands on my cheeks and started pulling them apart, revealing my hole, which started twitching slightly for the unexpected cold air and the craving for him. I wanted to feel every possible part of his body on me, I was mad in love. He reached with his hand in front of me, shoved his index in my mouth and expected me to suck on it; and hell, so I did. I pulled with my lip muscles and licked it with my tongue so much I bet I wore it out. He then suddenly pulled it out of my mouth and lightly placed it on my butt hole, which jolted to the touch and relaxed slightly. I shivered as he started massaging it with his finger repeatedly, getting it to give in to him more and more. 

I let out a long and deep moan as he gently pushed in and got his first knuckle inside. He started rotating it around, touching every possible patch of skin, softly stretching my hole open - he pushed in his second knuckle, to which I exhaled another whimper. He wanted to tease me and get me to fully relax; I knew he was preparing me for later. While I was distracted, he shoved in the rest of the finger, now being able to reach my prostate. I shivered at his firm touch, as he started to push right on that spot - and oh my God, what a fucking pleasure. I was in heaven, I was seeing stars, my dick was hard as a brick, I bet it was dripping, too; he knew exactly where to touch, how to do it: he was the absolute best at it. 

I was caught off guard when he grabbed a hold of my hanging balls, making me quiver and moan loudly, out of both pleasure and slight pain, both safety and fear - he had free access and could control my biggest weaknesses, yet I trusted he would never hurt me; this was driving me completely crazy. He was firmly massaging my balls as he was rubbing my prostate, giving me delightful chills. Then, he started pulling the finger out and pushing it in again, working my butthole further and pushing me deeper into my pleasure madness. He suddenly released my testicles, which were now slightly sore from the strong hold he had on them, and took out his finger from my hole, leaving it open and gaping for him to fill it again. 

"Oh, it is so fucking gorgeous when it begs for my touch. Look at it wink... Mhhhh" he whispered, making me self-conscious of my desire for his presence. "Turn back around" he ordered, as I took back control of my body. I lifted my chest off of the toilet tank, turned to face Liam, stretched my hand on his bulge and approached him with my lips: as I kissed him, I started stroking his underwear lump with my fingers, feeling his dick throb inside there, aching to be set free. He suddenly moved back with his head, grabbed my arms with his hands and pulled them upwards and behind my head; he then began kissing my neck, my chest, my navel, all the way down to my thumping cock, traced the edges of it with his tongue, slowly reached the head and the tip, then took it inside his lips. 

He was applying a firm pressure with his lips on my helmet, as he pushed my length into his mouth, giving me chills at every inch he was taking in, until he reached the base, grazing the hair with his lips. His hands were moving up and down my whole body, caressing everyone of my muscles as I was loudly groaning my pleasure. I was also slightly thrusting with my hips into his face, countering his skilled movements on me - I was enjoying that so much I was sweating by that point. As I was about to reach climax, he suddenly shoved his finger back into my unprotected butt hole, making me loudly gasp and started intensely rubbing my prostate, which made me explode almost immediately. As I was pouring my orgasm into his mouth, he was massaging my hole firmly, opening my butt up in new and different ways; I had moved my hands into his silky-smooth hair, holding strong on it and pulling his head towards my crotch as much as I could. I was screaming whimpers, which were probably being heard into the whole building, but I didn't care, and neither did him: we were madly in love, sharing this insane moment of pleasure with each other, melting together. 

After a while, having lost sense of time, I noticed he was coming off of my dick and approaching my lips with his: we made contact, I felt his tongue ask for entrance, and, as I gave in to his pressure, he drizzled my own cum into my mouth, making me taste the salty warm fluid, result of his effort and my bliss. I loved how he would give up his pleasure for mine, and even share the outcome, too, at the cost of staying many more hours without a relief and without me. He was undeniably amazing. My wonderful, strong, protecting boyfriend. 

I separated from him abruptly, taking his arms: "Shit, you have to get back to your lessons!" 

"Hey, don't worry, I'll deal with that: the biggest priority has been taken care of, I think..." he winked at me. 

"Liam, you've been incredible: I can't live without you; you're the best part of my life. I want you forever" 

"So be it. I love you too. You're such an amazing wonder to behold, when cumming" he chuckled, kissing my lips once again. 

As he started lifting his pants back up, I dressed up again, getting ready to go back home... And planning another little surprise already - a very, very intimate dinner. 

*** 

As soon as I got home, I dropped on the couch and took a breath - what an exciting start to the day. I decided to take a nap, then prepared a very quick lunch for myself and went out to a very reputable wine shop and bought a bottle my favorite scotch: I wanted this to be a fun night. Back home, I decided I'd prepare the pool for a quick afternoon refreshing dive for us, to break free from the summer's roasting weather. When all was set up, I hit Liam up on the phone, told him he could come anytime: now, all that was left was patiently waiting on him. Let's take a quick shower in the meantime. 

He was about to finish writing his essay on the computer when he saw the message: "Hey, Liam! If you got time, this evening, would you mind coming to my place? I got the pool ready... :P" 

He smiled at the phone, then replied "Sure thing, my man. I'd love to have a quick dive with you! Be there in 15 minutes! ;)" 

Eleven minutes later, the doorbell rang: "I'm coming!" I yelled, jumping off the chair and rushing to the entrance. And there he was, gorgeous as never before, the shades of his hair lit by the setting sun, his eyes gleaming with happiness, his beautifully built body hardly covered by his shirt, the shorts evidently showing off his virility. "Hey, you look amazing! I bet you'd enjoy a quick refresh after this morning..." I smirked, leaning in and slightly brushing my hand on his bulge. 

"Well, hello Tom! I couldn't wait to see you again..." He said looking straight through my eyes, peering into my soul. I felt a warm chill spreading from my guts, making me shudder a little. 

"Come in, then. I got the pool ready, if you want to cool down..." He accepted my invite, following me inside, then out on the porch, taking off his clothes, his underwear and throwing it all on a nearby chair: then, turning around, making his soft - but long - dick wave around, he winked and dove into the cool water. As he was jumping in, I could notice the little droplets of sweat on his sizeable shoulder blades, I could see his muscles flexing and tightening, the amber light coming from the sky emphasizing his breathtaking figure. 

I quickly started taking off my clothes, jumping into the pool right afterward, impatient to feel Liam's touch on me again. Right as I touched the water, I felt a fresh chill up my legs and my spine, waking my body up and making me feel reinvigorated. Then, when I expected to sink into the pool, I instead sensed a physical support slowing down my dive and holding me right below the surface: his delicate touch melted my skin, I wanted to be held by him forever, to feel his strength on my flesh, his warmth inside my body. I looked up, to meet his gaze, getting once again lost in that sea of emotions that his soul is. He was brushing my hair as I was lost in his gaze, he approached me and kissed me intensely on my lips, making me whimper. Our tongues blended together, letting me taste his musky and manly flavor, which got my dick to stiffen immediately, brushing against his arm. He smirked, while still kissing, then broke off and let me down into the water, pushing me gently against a wall; then, he abruptly clenched my arms, blocking my movements and fixing his deep predatory stare into my eyes: that look got me so horny I jumped on him, trying to reach his mouth to kiss him, though failing to his strong grip. 

He smiled, showing he enjoyed very much teasing me; so he sunk underwater, brushing his lips on my torso, my abs, reaching down to my bulge, kissing all over the trunks. I groaned from above the surface, reaching down on his head with my hands, touching his hair, his ears, neck, cheeks; he rose back up, lifting me and sitting me out of the pool - he quickly followed, inviting me to dry ourselves with the towels, as the sunset was approaching. I had grabbed my cloth and was brushing it on my skin as my eyes were fixed on the absolute magnificence that his wet body was. I could see the drops of water drooling over the swells of his muscles, his figure glimmering under the sunlight, the trunks budging slightly, the little fuzz above his waist and on his chest emphasizing his stunning build. His hair looked as wonderful and gleaming as ever, the sunset light really did it justice: every shade of light brown, gold, blond; it really was staggering. 

I caught him staring at me, his piercing greedy gaze on me, as I was contemplating his beauty; he put the towel down, approached me, placed his neck on my shoulder, taking me under his wings, warming me up with his protection; the overwhelming feeling of his might made me shiver and let out a tear, which carved its path down my cheek and onto his back - it was a tear of relief, of love, of blissful feelings, of freedom. I hoped he wouldn't notice - I didn't want to have to convince him that I felt amazing, that this was the best time of my life, but he had noticed: he lifted his head, looked straight through my eyes and kissed me, with an unprecedented lust for my taste. He didn't need any explanation. 

As we were sharing our tongues, I started pulling down his trunks, as he caressed very gently my hips; his cock sprung out and grazed my belly, as I broke off from the kiss and traced the shape of his build down to his navel, then pulling down his foreskin and taking him between my lips, tasting every bit of his skin, making him moan and melt in desire. As I felt his warmth in my mouth, I was grazing up and down his abs, counting every muscle each time, feeling his strength through his skin, still slightly wet. He pulled very gently on my hair, lifting my head off his crotch: 

"I don't want to waste ourselves yet. I want to try something special with you tonight. Let's go inside, c'mon - let's have some dinner" he invited me, taking my hand in his. 

We prepared some fresh and light dishes for our little "date", then we cuddled on the couch with a few glasses of whiskey for a while, listening to some music: I found out he also loved Deftones, so we hung out and chatted for some time, letting the alcohol loosen up our restraints, getting very close to each other and getting back our boners. He was spooning me, both naked since out of the pool, his hand between my legs, caressing my inner crotch, his other arm around my shoulders; I was smelling pure masculinity off his arm, starting to lick and suck the taste off his skin. The cool breeze from outside was creeping in through the window, the atmosphere was perfect; I turned around, kissed him on the nose, then on his lips, then breaking off to stare in his eyes - he smirked, reading my deepest secrets with his gaze, making me feel defenseless to him and him alone, knowing he'd be my protector, my shield, to everyone else. 

The glasses were empty when the music stopped - the album was over; so we decided it was time to have some more fun in bed. I got up, as he kissed my butt cheeks, slipping his hand off my legs before lifting himself up. We kissed once more, as I led him up the stairs into my bedroom, jumping on the sheets awaiting him. When he reached the door, his eyes were full of lust, but I could see there was something more this time: "Hey Tom, ehm... I said I wanted to try something new tonight, right?" 

"Mhm, yeah; I'm ready for everything, babe" I replied, lying down with my butt hole in plain sight for him to see - I also loved teasing him from time to time, hehe. 

"Well... I had something in mind... That I'd never done before" he said, clearly a bit nervous, as he approached the bed, sitting beside me. 

I caressed his shoulder and down his arm, as I told him he could do whatever he wanted with me, I would be willing to try anything - but this I hadn't expected, that's for sure: 

"Tom, I'd like you... I'd like you to fuck me. I've never done this before, so I'm anxious as hell, but I want to do this with you. You know you're the one for me, there's no one - ever - I'd rather share this moment with. I love you; I want you to be inside me. Will you do this for me?" 
