 Author's comment:

Hello again! It's not necessary for you to read the first chapter of this story, but it would be advised to. Again, I appreciate very much the suggestions and feedback on the story, especially about the plot and the writing itself: English isn't my first language, so it's quite an effort for me to write a story fully, but still, I enjoy it very much, and I wholeheartedly hope you like it too! Thanks again to all of you for taking your time to read the story; enjoy!

cayde7

The best night of my life

The sun was setting already; I could really start to feel the chilly breeze of the evening on my skin -- it was a very pleasant break free of this scorching summer sun. Nonetheless, my skin was sweaty like never before, I was nervous as hell, I was about to meet again the man of my life, the most gorgeous, cute, loving guy I had ever known; I couldn't wait for him to arrive and ring the bell (I had been blinded and stunned so much by him that I had forgotten about giving him my phone number); I had wasted pretty much the whole afternoon dreaming about him and the previous evening I had spent with him, which had been the most exciting and crazy date I had ever had with anyone -- hands down. I was hoping tonight would be able to best that experience (and, with hindsight, I wouldn't have been disappointed).

I started running upstairs into my bedroom, clearing the floor of all of the mess: underpants, the swimming costume from the day before, pretty much every clothe that had been wore in the past week... That didn't take much, but the most challenging and time-consuming task still had to be completed: dinner had to be made. With some (a lot) of help from the internet, a couple handwritten recipes out of TV cooking shows -- you never know when those come in handy -- and a lot of patience, some fresh and tasty snacks and dishes were ready within not even an hour; now it was just a matter of waiting for Liam to arrive. And here the anxiety comes back again: I went to the bathroom to take a quick shower and, just as I get out of the shower and grab the towel, I hear the doorbell --

"Just a minute! I'm coming! Just got out of shower!" I yelled, hoping he'd hear me.

"Sure thing!" I hear back from the entrance -- I have to run and open the door, I can dress up later, right? I thought to myself. I rushed out of the bathroom with just the towel around my waist and opened the door:

"Well hello Liam! How did your day go?" I asked just as I watched him stare at my wet bare chest, with a smirk on his face;

"Hey! Well, I wasn't expecting such a... Refreshing welcome, Tom! Though, I would be lying if I said I don't enjoy the view..." he said broadening his smile. And there it was again -- that beautiful and magnetic grin of him: I could get lost so easily in that charming look, especially since the previous day's experiences... He wore a short sleeved yellow shirt, some comfortable deep blue Nike shorts; the setting light of the summer evening was making every gradient and shade of his fair and golden hair shine, making him as enchanting as ever before.

"Ehm, please come in, I have a light dinner ready for us... If you don't mind" I said turning back and inviting him to follow me inside.

"For sure, thanks for all of that! I only wish I could return the favor, but since I live with other students... Yeah, it wouldn't be nearly as good as this" he replied, coming in and closing the door behind him.

"Excuse me just a couple minutes, I'll be dressing up and then we shall begin our little... Dinner... Date?" I said with an almost embarrassed smirk on my face;

"Sure! I guess, if you're ok with that, we can call this a date! And thanks again for having me, this is really amazing of you..." replied Liam chuckling in a welcoming way;

"Oh, don't worry about that, it's a pleasure!" -- and then I walked into the bathroom to get dressed. After less than two minutes I was coming back into the kitchen to find him with a wrapped gift -- clearly a bottle -- in his hands:

"I thought I'd bring a small present to thank you for this, for yesterday... Hahaha; for all there's between us" he said, evidently anxious, but also obviously sincere: you could see it in his eyes...

"Aww thanks, you shouldn't have! That's so nice of you!" I replied taking the bottle of wine and unwrapping it, only to discover -- "Wait, this is so expensive! Liam, I really don't deserve this... Oh my god"

"Oh, don't worry about that! Let's just enjoy this dinner, this evening; I want this to be the best time of our lives... Who cares about money when you have someone like you to share such moments, hahaha"

And so the dinner went wonderfully, we had a great time, we laughed a lot and enjoyed ourselves -- I'll admit, we also drank quite a bit of wine...

Later, when the dinner was over, we found ourselves both staring outside the open door, to the backyard, enjoying the calm breeze coming from outside --

"We should probably be taking advantage of the perfect temperature outside, shouldn't we?" he then suddenly asked, with a slightly huskier voice than before.

"Well, I guess it is a pleasant coincidence that I have a very comfortable bench outside around a campfire, set up just for that..." I grinned at him while getting up;

"Oh, and how come you've never shown me that, sweet boy?" he asked in return, smirking as well.

"Well, just follow me and you won't be disappointed..." I replied. After going out in the backyard, feeling the chill of the evening fill my lungs and cleanse the soul, refreshing the body just as well as the shower from before, we approached the bench and I started to lay down comfortably on my side, leaving space for him behind me -- as he was laying down, I instantly felt the warmth of his body against mine, making me feel like I was cuddling near a mellow, cozy fire, an unmatched feeling of safety that overwhelmed me every time. And then I felt it once again, the softness and smoothness of his skin on my arm, a sweet but secure touch, a caress that made me shiver to the bone for the pleasure it gave me; and his breath on my shoulder, a warm waft that preceded his soft lips that just melted me on the spot. The most blissful moment of the day, the feeling of being home, of unconditioned trust, of your emotions to be able to rest -- of calmness, peace.

He then proceeded by gently and very subtly stroking my hip with his hand, making me shiver and almost chuckle because of the tickly sensation -- and in that moment I knew he was grinning even without turning around, because we had had a feeling between each other since the beginning. He was amazing. I loved every second spent with him and I would not have settled for anything less than spending every other moment of my life with him -- just like this, forgetting about everything else. Just me and him. Nothing else. He started kissing my neck, finding a spot that was absolute paradise for me, my weakest point, almost instantly; as he started gently sucking and tasting my skin, he then started lifting my t-shirt and slipping his hand under it and caressing my hip, my abs, my torso making me feel his warmth and feeling himself my (albeit, not nearly as built as his) muscles.

I started lightly moaning without even noticing, and I knew he was enjoying it as much as I was, when I started feeling a slight pressure behind my back, between my butt cheeks: when I turned smiling at him to ask him just about that, I was met with a shushing kiss and an asserting request for his tongue to enter my mouth; just as I let him enter me, I started moaning again, this time more loudly and I moved my hand back to touch his hip, feel his strong muscles under the shirt, starting to unbutton it and slip my hand under it... He broke free of the kiss just to lift me up gently and turn me around in order to face him, still while both lying down on the comfortable slim mattress. I slipped my hand back under his shirt, massaging and caressing his silky-smooth skin and impeccably built muscles, feeling again weak but protected under his wing.

He slid his hand under my pants, gently brushing against my growing bulge and reaching between my thighs, massaging in a circular motion; it was so blissful I was whimpering even louder than before, slipping my own hand down and inside his pants, feeling his huge lump jolting before my touch. Now he was groaning too, smiling and leaning in for another kiss, also starting to breath more heavily -- I moved my head back a little, enough for him not to reach me; he cocked his head a bit, not understanding.

I whispered "I just wanted to take one more look at your beautiful face, lose myself once more in your gaze, before my lust for you would take over everything. You make me feel alive, Liam. That's all."

He smiled, showing all of his teeth, saying "I don't know what to say Tom -- you're amazing, I love you so fucking much. You're unbelievable, I can tell you that much. Please, I ask you this once more: can all of this -- us -- be forever?"

"You can bet Liam, I want this as much as you do. Yes. And so it would be every time you were to ask me. Yes. I love you. I want you." I replied. It was true -- I couldn't deny it. And now, all we both wanted was lose ourselves.

I jumped on him, starting to kiss his lips, his cheek, his neck, making him laugh at the suddenness of my action -- I loved to kiss his velvety skin and tickle it with my tongue. I started descending through the open shirt onto his torso, his nipple, each one of his abs, to his navel, where I started to feel the short bursts of fair hair on his skin; I started pushing down the waistband of his underpants, teasing him with my lips and seeing more and more of his hair appearing. When I reached the awfully visible bulge, I reached with my hand and finished dragging down the underpants, while he slipped his hand on my back, under my shirt, heading towards my pants; his huge cock sprung out and its tip stopped right in front of my watering mouth -- as he watched that happened, he looked away, slightly blushing and smirking.

I uncovered his dick's head pulling back with my hand, watching as a drop of liquid appeared right on the tip; he proceeded with his hand down my spine, breaching my briefs and sliding between my cheeks, massaging my hole tentatively and repeatedly. As I moaned, I opened my mouth and welcomed him, kissing and eating his dick, using the tongue to lube and caress his head and foreskin, taking in more and more of him slowly and gradually; he had started whimpering and, at times, shivering of pleasure, still massaging my butthole with his fingers, relaxing my muscles under his touch and letting him advance relentlessly. I had almost reached his full length, when I had to further relax my throat muscles in order to accommodate all of him inside me, finally brushing my lips once again on his spurts of hair and feeling his balls clenching and relaxing under my chin.

He started pushing applying more strength on my hole, breaching all of my defenses one by one, reminding me once more of how much I trusted his touch and his self-control; I groaned deeply in pleasure as he entered my ass with his finger, starting to move my head back and forth on his dick, applying a slight suction and gently brushing the underside with my tongue during the whole motion. I thought that if he was enjoying it even half as much as I was, that would've been enough already; if I was in heaven, he probably was even farther. Time seemed to stop during these moments, but we both suddenly realized it was starting to get a bit too chilly outside, the campfire had not been lit, so our best bet was probably to head inside and... finish what we had started in a wild, cozy and unforgettable night.

Right in that moment, that unforgettable wonderful scent hit me again. I had smelled it for a brief moment that very afternoon and also the night before, still unable to recognize its origin, but realizing once again that it was tied to Liam. My thoughts came back to the present moment.

I still sucked a bit on him while he started pulling out his finger and caressing my butt cheeks and squeezing them between his fingers; I then pulled his length out of my mouth, seeing in his eyes that he had immediately felt the cold breeze. I gave his dick a quick stroke with a hand and covered it back within his pants, as I kissed his mouth and started getting up to get inside. He quickly followed me, keeping his shirt close to him with his hands, as I slid the door open and sheltered both of us back inside. Then, I slightly tapped his arm to make him follow me upstairs: we silently walked up the stairs, kissing and touching every inch of each other, letting our own lust take control of us.

I reached my bedroom, when I suddenly felt the floor fall beneath my feet and a startling sensation of dizziness, realizing he had lifted me effortlessly with his arms and was throwing me on my own bed. "Hey!" I softly screamed while he was jumping on me, eyes lost in his desire and yearning for my body, for my touch -- for me. I got rid of my tee as he tossed away his shirt, we both removed our pants and briefs, gazing in each other's soul, searching for the partner's physical contact, longing for the other's love. He pinned me down on the sheets, kissing my lips hard, pushing his tongue in my mouth, exploring the whole of it; I retracted my legs up and around his back, as he pushed himself onto me brushing his own cock onto mine.

He broke free of the kiss and reached down with his head, desire and madness in his eyes: he grabbed my shaft in a strong hold, pulling the skin down and pushing the cock against my belly -- from my point of view I could see the dripping head of my dick right between his eyes, as he slowly approached my balls with his mouth, licking them and taking them in his mouth one at a time; he then proceeded by sucking on them, starting softly but quickly applying much more force, to the point that my hands involuntarily snapped at his head, only to stop in his silky smooth hair and getting a hold on it. He continued playing with my sensitive balls, arousing me very sensually and vigorously.

He broke his hold on me, just to shift his focus on my length, licking it from the base all the way up to the very tip, brushing his tongue repeatedly under the head of my dick -- I tilted my head back letting out a loud moan to that, voicing my pleasure for the massage; he slowly welcomed my cock into his mouth, brushing forcefully with his lips, taking inch after inch and finally reaching the hair on my pubes; he started sucking forcefully with his throat muscles, making me shudder at the sudden pleasure and began moving his head up and down on my shaft, more and more quickly, taking a breath from time to time releasing my cock with a snapping sound. When I started feeling I was about to reach my climax I moaned "Oh Liam, please... Not yet...", to which he slowed down to a stop and started kissing my dick gently. He looked at me once again, making me feel vulnerable before the predator look in his eyes, and shifted his kisses gradually upwards on my whole body -- he tasted every inch of me, from the groin to the navel, my abs, chest, nipples, shoulder, neck, behind the ear, finally to my mouth, where he held onto for much longer, passionately probing every corner of my mouth with his tongue, leaving a slight taste of my own cock.

He then broke off the kiss staring deep in my eyes, whispering "Tom... Do you want this?"

I couldn't reply with anything but "...I want you. All of you. Right now."

He then repositioned his hip to have the tip of his dick barely grazing my butt hole; I whispered to his ear "Please -- go slow..."

To which he replied, with a gentle husky murmur "I would never hurt you. I love you too much." And then he started pushing. I felt a sudden burst of pain rush through my back, making me shiver and almost cry out in ache: he surely noticed my expression and reaction to his penetration, because he immediately pulled out, kissed me on the forehead, on the cheek, hell, everywhere, whispering "I'm so sorry, I didn't want to hurt you. Are you ok?"

I then opened my eyes, staring into his, and replied "Yeah, don't worry; keep going. I just have to... get used to it" hinting a grin at the end. He kissed me once more on the mouth, pushing very slowly again against my hole: his head made its way into me without the surge of pain of before -- it was actually a relaxing and natural sensation, it felt quite pleasant, especially his warmth inside of my own body. He started pushing gradually his cock into me, and the feeling of every inch of his length brushing against my weakest and most sensible part of the body was the most stunning and incredible sensation I had ever felt; it was unbelievable, for a moment I was high up in the sky, above the clouds -- I felt amazing.

When his balls finally touched my skin, his hair grazed my ball sack, I knew he had managed to fit his full length inside me -- which was remarkable in his own right -- and I started caressing his torso, his skin, his arms trying to feel as much of him as I could, knowing that the more I could get, the more I wanted. He deeply kissed me once again, whispering "I love you...", starting to drag his dick out of me and back in again, accelerating the motion and brushing with his big head my prostate at every thrust, making my dick jump and pumping uncontrollable moans out of me at every push. I could start feeling his skin sweat and his breath accelerating, still touching his hips, nipples, neck, ears, hair with my hands, trying to take him and melt our bodies together.

Right when I felt the climax approaching, he started to groan deeply and softly, giving away that he was about to reach his orgasm -- I wanted this moment to last forever, this night to be the only night of my life, willing to give my past and future away in exchange for this to never end. I could feel his heartbeat accelerating, his breath in time with the thrusts, I was feeling in heaven and beyond, it was an indescribable sensation of ecstasy, and every instant I knew I was approaching at an unprecedented speed the peak of my pleasure, at this point literally screaming my whimpers and hugging Liam's body tightly.

Suddenly, without touching myself since... actually, since the shower before the dinner -- I felt the burst of pleasure hit me, spreading from my guts outward and filling my whole body, culminating in an explosion of cum out of my cock onto my own belly, reaching my chin and spraying my whole chest. Taking part in that performance, Liam cried out "Oh Tom, I... love.... Oh my God... Oh Tom!" as he pushed into me with a force that I had never experienced before from him, yelling moans and filling my body with his warm liquid for what seemed like hours, a never-ending burst of pleasure and ecstasy.

I woke up the next day to a chilly, awesome breeze coming from outside; the other half of the bed was empty, but clearly it hadn't been for most of the night. I stood up, getting out of the bed and realizing I had been cleaned off with a towel that now rested on the floor of the room; I went out of the room, down the stairs, smelling a very appealing tea scent coming from the kitchen. As I entered the living room, I almost bumped into Liam holding a tray full of cookies and pastries, as well as two cups full of tea -- "Well, good morning, Tom! It's almost eleven, but I figured you'd appreciate some cuddling and breakfast in bed... But I can see you're up already" stated Liam grinning.

"I guess you'll find me rushing back to bed then" I replied with the broadest smile. It was the best. He was the best. I loved him.

That same morning we cuddled in the bed, chatting, kissing and teasing each other until it was almost lunchtime, when we both got up, dressed up -- then undressed laughing and playing with each other -- and went downstairs to prepare some food for the day. We had a blast, we had lunch outside, on that same bench we cuddled on the night before; the swimming pool was clear as the sky, the trees around us provided the perfect amount of shade to enjoy a perfect dine outside. It was another day of that life-changing summer. It was another day with Liam.