 August was hot... in more ways than one. Let me give you a little background: I was 20, stuck living with my parents, and hadn't been laid in months. The summer heat flooded into my room as I disinterestedly played with my phone. Dusk was fading to night as I lied stomach down on my bed I could feel my dick throbbing, and the all too familiar sensation of my mouth watering without thirst. Cocksuckers will know what I mean.

Now, I'm not usually one for using apps to hookup, but that night I was damn horny. I struggled with the idea of hooking up a bit. I don't like to sleep around and was raised to wait for the right one, but hey, a guy has needs! Eventually I came to the conclusion that every once in a while was alright. I mean, it HAD been over 4 months since I had last had any cock. My hormones were raging. I don't think I could have said no to myself even if I wanted to.

I pulled up grindr and looked at the profiles. All local guys, which I wasn't in the mood for. Switched over to growlr and found a handsome older man in his 50's. Shorter than me and not too much else info in his profile, but I said fuck it and messaged him. 


"Hey, how are you?" I opened with. 

He responded almost immediately. "Doing well here, how about yourself buddy?"

We shot shit for a bit, divulging details to barely reveal the surfaces of who we were. Little details men usually talk about like asking what either of us did for work, hobbies, interests, etc. I found out he was here with some straight buddies on a cross country road trip. He sent me another face picture and then a cock shot. I was tantalized. 

Being more forward than I had ever been I sent the message, "Hey man let me suck it."

He seemed rather delighted from his messages after, stating that his buddies were fun but he needed a little of a different type of fun that he hadn't had in a while. "Can you host?" I dumbly asked.


"No buddy I'm in a room with a couple of straight guys. I don't think they'd take too kindly to you."

"How bout I blow you in your car?" I asked, excitement growing.

"I don't have a car here. We are traveling in my buddy's car." He replied.

I was a bit disheartened honestly, and almost thought about giving up. 

"Hey well let me ask my buddy if I can use his car to run to the store real quick. Then we can meet up somewhere. Can you host?" he seemed to ask eagerly.

I thought about it. I didn't want to host him inside my parents' house even though they were out for the evening. I was super horned but at the same time a bit of logic kicked in, maybe something else. I really didn't want to suck a guy in a place that my parents...lived. It would have been a bit awkward for me to see that spot while I was around them and think back to that night of pleasure I had. 

"Yeah I can man." I messaged.

I gave him my address and headed out of the house with an idea. He had told me what hotel he was staying in, so I knew he would be at my place in a matter of minutes. I was right, minutes later a white car pulled into the front of my house. Night had fallen fully by this point so all we had to greet each other was occasional moonlight through clouds. His picture was recent since he was as handsome as his picture had been. We shook hands, smiled, and I led him through my drive way back around the house where the garage was located. 

We were barely into the garage when he shut the door behind him, and I dropped to my knees. I kissed his crotch through his shorts, excitedly running my hands over his front thighs, ass, and back thighs. He grabbed my head and shoved my face forward. I could tell he was as turned on as I was. Even though we were thirty+ years apart, the chemistry between our bodies was amazing. He groaned and uttered "yeah buddy" through a deep grunt. He pulled my face out of his crotch and I looked up back at him. The look on his face was so...desirable. I could barely see through the dark lighting of the garage but somehow that added to the sexual energy we had. An almost faceless cock getting what he needed from an almost faceless mouth.

I quickly undid the man's belt and pulled his shorts down mid-thigh. Like a ravenous vacuum I swallowed his cock whole. I shoved it deep into my throat, melting into its delicious taste. It was to anyone else an average cock. About 6 inches cut, average thickness, but GREAT shape and look. To me, an avid cocksucker who had been denied for months, it was like magic. Again he took hold of my head and began fucking my face, uttering dirty words. 

"Yeah boy you need this just like I need this, huh? Hrrrnnnnnng"


"Fuck yeah swallow that cock whole you slut."

My hands explored upward, grabbing his pecs and feeling his thick nipples. 

"Pay attention to my balls too, boy!" he commanded.

I went down on his balls like he told me too. Licking, slurping, and savoring their salty taste. They seemed to be a bit saltier than his dick. I loved it. I was in heaven. I felt his dick resting on my cheek as I hungrily tended to his balls. He rubbed my shoulder and the back of my head, groaning and murmuring what a good slut I was. I was ready to cum. 

He let go of my head but kept a hand on my shoulder, and I went back to tending to his dick. I bobbed up and down on his head, swirling my tongue, trying to get that ultimate reward all cocksuckers want. I placed my hands on his back thighs and just went to town. We were both sweating from the heat and the sex. All that could be heard was his grunts, and my slurping and moaning sounds. I felt his cock tense in my throat and suddenly he grabbed my head and shoved me down on his cock. I felt the first shot shoot deep into me. I swallowed it all eagerly until he subsided. 

I began stroking myself as I sucked his dick gently. He growled in appreciation that I was cleaning up the mess I made. Up and down the shaft, sucking up and excess spit that might have been on his balls. I looked up at him to see he was looking down at me. He smiled through the dim light to see his cock disappearing into my hollowed cheeks. 

"Thanks buddy. Great blow." He said firmly.

I grabbed the base of his cock with my free hand. This was hot but I wanted more.

"How about you take me home to your buddies?" I boldly asked.

He had mentioned they were on an all guys trip to get away from the wives. 

"C'mon man. You can tell how much I love cock." I said almost desperately. I could tell the idea turned him on. His cock began growing stiff again at the nursing of my tongue and lips. I gave him a few sucks.

"No man that's not a good idea. Sorry. But I can give you all the cock you need..." He said firmly, then slapping my check lightly. 

I felt him fill my mouth again. This time I sucked him slowly and tenderly, since he was a bit sensitive from the first blow. The spark between us was turning from ravenous to tender. I still have not experienced a blow session like that night. He came more quickly, and with less cum the second time around. It was late after the second blow, and coincidentally. My parents called and asked if I wanted anything before they came home. Strangely, it didn't feel awkward to talk on the phone in front of him even if it was a little rude. Must have been the feel goods of the afterglow.

"Sorry man we gotta cut this short" I said.

"I understand buddy, thanks again for the great blow. Wish I could have taken ya to my friends." He winked and then surprisingly grabbed and kissed me. I responded warmly to the kiss and gave him a deep taste of his cock. He pulled away, went out the door and left. I waited a little bit and sent him a message that if, by any chance he was passing through my area again, to look me up.