 Note: I resubmitted this third chapter of the Summer Job story to place it in the Gay Male category where the first two chapters were placed. I hope it reaches the appropriate audience. 

*

I had become obsessed with being a sex object. I felt like I was walking around with a permanent hard-on, continuing to think of stripping for guys hot after my body.

Of course, my thoughts were stimulated by the fact that I saw Bob at work every day during the remaining days of summer and his lustful looks were a constant reminder of what we'd done on that weekend. Unfortunately, the summer soon came to an end and I returned to school, with no easy opportunity for a repeat performance.

As winter break approached, I called Bob to see if I might earn some spending money by working a few hours at the store over break. Bob's eagerness in accepting my proposition told me he wasn't only thinking about the need for another stock boy at the store. So when the time for winter break came, I was more than ready to get back together with Bob and his friends.

It didn't take Bob long to suggest an encore strip-tease performance. On my very first day back at the grocery store, Bob approached me in the back room. "Hey, Johnny, the boys and I have a great idea for your next erotic adventure," he said, as he pressed closer. Bob seemed more forceful than he had been in the past as he pushed me behind a stack of boxes where we couldn't be seen from the doorway. He whispered, "we want to take you to the big city for New Year's Eve, Johnny, where there are places that guys like you can entertain to their heart's content. You can wear a tiny gstring and, with your body, you might even win the amateur night grand prize of $500."

"Wow, you mean a real strip show for money? That sounds like the greatest turn-on ever," I replied, as Bob pressed his hand against the front of my Levis. I quickly unzipped my Levis and brought my hardening cock out to meet Bob's hand. As he started stroking me I whispered, "I'll do it, baby, I'll do it, just suck my cock now, please, I'm so fucking horny...I need it now...do it!"

Bob looked me in the eyes as he continued stroking me. He kneeled in front of me, guiding my rigid cock to his mouth. His tongue began moving up the shaft of my cock, then swirling around the head, as his lips parted. I pushed my cock into his mouth as he began licking and sucking, my cock hardening even more with every stroke of his tongue. My hips were gyrating as I felt myself starting to reach orgasm. He kept my throbbing cock in his mouth as my body began spewing out spasms of orgasm, my cum flowing into his mouth. I fell back against the boxes, then slid down to the floor as Bob got up and stood watching me, feeling his own rigid cock through his pants, smiling, licking his lips, swallowing the last traces of cum in his mouth.

"Fuck, man, that tasted so good," Bob said, "now you'd better get back to work stocking those shelves or I'll have to dock your pay, or think of some other kind of punishment." He grinned as he left me laying there, exhausted and completely satisfied.

New Year's Eve was the following Saturday night. The four of us drove up to the city. We parked the car in a garage and walked down the street to a place with a flashing neon sign over the doorway. The message leapt out, "NEW YEAR'S EVE BASH: HOT MALE AND FEMALE DANCERS!" Just below that sign was a smaller poster with the words, "Amateurs Welcome, Come in and Entertain Tonight, win $500" The rhythmic beat of loud dancing music filtered through the door.

We walked inside, suddenly deafened by the noise as we walked down a short corridor toward two open doors. Through the door on the left, we could see a muscular guy on stage, a spotlight focused on his gyrating body as he strutted in front of the cheering crowd. Through the other door we could see two women dancing, their bodies glistening, as they turned their asses toward the audience, bending down to accept tips as they reached between their legs. There seemed to be a lot of males in both rooms, but, as we walked into the room where the guys were dancing, I saw several tables filled with cheering women.

Bob led us into the room on the left and toward the bar on the side of the room opposite the stage. "Hey, Bob," the bartender said, "Good to see you. The table you asked Larry to reserve for you is ready and waiting, just like you asked." He took us across the room to a lone empty table, directly below the stage. The bartender removed the "reserved" sign and motioned us to sit down. Looking at me, the bartender said, "Is this the young guy who's going to dance for us?"

"Yeah, this is him all right," Bob replied. "Let us have a few drinks to warm Johnny up, then come and get him."

"Okay, Bob, he looks like a real winner, so I'll be anxious to get him up on stage."

The bartender walked away, motioning for a waiter to come to our table. As the waiter was approaching our table, Bob told me that Larry, the owner of the club, was a good friend of his and he had told him all about me. Larry was very anxious to meet me after the show.

As the waiter took our order he mentioned that Larry had reserved a bottle of champagne for us because he had heard that Johnny loved champagne.

How true that was, a few glasses of champagne and any remaining inhibitions I had would be long gone. I knew it, and so did the guys at the table with me. We sipped a few glasses of champagne, with the guys continuously urging me to drink up. Finally, I got up to walk to the bathroom to get rid of some of the liquid I'd consumed. Bob rubbed his hand across the back of my levis and said he wanted to see some action pretty soon.

When I returned to the table, the bartender came over to our table, and said, "C'mon, kid, I'm Rex, and it's time to show the crowd what you've got."He led me to a dressing room behind the stage. The room was lined with mirrors on all sides, with a racks of hangers holding a variety of gstrings and other dancing gear along one side of the room. He handed me a gstring and watched while I stripped naked and slipped it on. It was a black, sequined gstring, with a triangle in front and a translucent plastic string going around the waist and up the crack of my ass. It really made it look like the black plastic triangle was all I was wearing.

"Hey, man, you look great in that gstring, let me spray some oil on your body to highlight your fucking hot muscles, he said." He sprayed my body, then, with his hands, spread the oil slowly down my back and over my ass. "Fuck, man, you're going to cause a riot."

I looked at myself in the mirror and rubbed my hands over my chest. I could feel my cock hardening as the excitement of showing off began to take over my mind. I smiIed as I pulled on the robe the waiter handed me and walked into the main room. As I walked to the stage the guys at my table started to cheer and call to me. "Hey, Johnny, show us what you've got!" "C'mon, baby, strut your stuff!"

I got up on the stage and began to let my body sway slowly to the music. I turned to the mirror behind the stage, loosened the tie on the robe and let it slip off my shoulders and fall to the floor. There was cheering and whistling from both males and females as my body began to gyrate to the beat of the music. I turned toward the audience and began a bump and grind routine as I moved to the center of the stage, my well-oiled body glistening in the spotlight. I could feel the surge of excitement from the audience. I could feel my own excitement growing under the gstring.

My hands moved over my body as my movements became faster. I started to pump my hips toward the audience. A guy in the front row of tables got up and approached the stage. He had a dollar bill between his teeth. I'd seen women strippers take tips, so I sort of knew what to do. I smiled at the customer, then turned away and bent over, moving my hand between my legs to accept the tip, sliding the bill slowly down the crack of my ass, then tucking it the side of the gstring.

There was suddenly a crowd in front of the stage, both guys and women, all holding up money they wanted to give me. I could feel myself getting more and more excited as I took more tips from the crowd, even letting people tuck bills inside the string around my waist. The yelling was getting louder and the crowd in front of the stage was getting bolder. Calls for me to "take it off," were all I could hear.

My cock was hardening as people kept tucking bills into my gstring. Finally, a guy threw several bills on the stage in front of me, reached up and tugged at the gstring until the side string snapped and the string fell to the floor. The crowd went crazy as I continued dancing, naked and rock hard. Things were getting out of control as people, both men and women, reached up to touch me. I looked at the waiter, knowing it was illegal to have patrons touching the dancers, but he was yelling just as loudly as everybody else.

"Lock the fucking door," I heard a female voice yelling. I saw someone closing the door as a guy climbed up to join me on the stage. He grabbed my cock and began stroking me. Then a woman approached the stage from one of the front row tables. Her friends cheered her on as she got up on the stage, pulling off her sweater to reveal her beautiful naked breasts. She put her hand on my ass and leaned forward to kiss me. She was so fucking hot, whispering, "I'm Janie, baby, and I want you, I want to feel your beautiful cock inside me."

By this time, Bob, Bill, Randy and several other guys were joining us on the stage. Janie's table-mates were also coming up. I was tongue-kissing Janie, feeling her breasts with one hand and unbuttoning her skirt with the other. The stage was crowded with people feeling each other, stripping clothes off, kissing, feeling, moaning, yelling. As Janie's skirt fell to the floor, two guys grabbed my arms and started forcing me down toward the floor. I started to struggle, but was no match for these guys, both muscular hunks who were regular dancers at the club. They pinned me to the floor as tongues and lips, both male and female, were moving over my body. Janie lowered herself over me, guiding my cock into her pussy. She was so fucking hot. Her pussy was practically dripping. As she moved up and down my cock I heard Bob saying "Don't cum yet, Johnny, I want my turn."

I was close, so fucking close, but I focused on holding back as I thrust into Janie. Suddenly, she was cumming, moaning, bursting into orgasm. I pulled her down to my mouth, kissing her passionately as her body writhed in ecstacy, then collapsed onto mine. Randy pulled Janie off of me, thrusting his own rigid cock toward her ass. He began fucking her ass as Bob knelt down to place his lips around my cock.

I was so fucking hot by this time, I began to explode in his mouth almost as soon as he began sucking. My body was jerking in spasms of orgasm as I felt someone, someone very big, pulling me sideways, rubbing a cock into the crack of my ass, then thrusting inside me, fucking me, fucking me hard, as I was cumming in Bob's mouth.

I went back to the dressing room after the "show,' turned the shower to a hot setting and let the water beat down on the back of my neck. I was exhausted, but also very satisfied, knowing my show had been a hit and enjoying the feeling of utter sexual satisfaction. As I was drying myself off, Rex walked into the dressing room. "Hey, Johnny, you put on one hell of at show out there, not to mention the damned orgy you started afterward. No question you're our $500 winner. Congratulations." I wrapped the towel around myself as he handed me five $100 bills. "Wow, this is great, Rex. This, together with all the tips I got will sure give me a good start on my college fund."

He chuckled, "I've got some more news that might help you even more. The boss saw the last part of your act and is very interested in having you do some more work for us, maybe even do some private parties for our clients. If you're interested, he'd like to interview you tomorrow to see if the two of you can work something out."

"Damn, that might be some easy money. I'm definitely interested," I replied. Now Rex laughed out loud. "I'm not sure how "easy" it will be, Johnny, but you could definitely make some money. He wants you to meet him at his mansion at 10 am tomorrow. He's a busy guy, so don't be late. One thing the boss doesn't like is late. Rex walked out, leaving me to ponder what his laughter might mean and what the "boss" had in mind for me. "What the fuck," I thought, "it won't hurt to meet him to see what happens."