 It was Saturday on a warm spring morning when Wiley woke with a very hard erection. Just four months after losing his virginity to Bill's massive member in the adult bookstore peepshow. He awoke thinking about the day before when Bill fucked his horny ass.

Bill was dependable every day whereas George was maybe twice a week. The previous episode was a great fuck but Wiley did not ejaculate as usual. And now his balls were swollen and tight.

Wiley's hard-on was demanding some satisfaction. His hand stroked his fat six inch cock to no avail. He realized that what he needed was a good anal fuck. Bill and George, his regular sex partners, would never visit on weekends due to their marital obligations.

The alarm clock radio showed 10:30. Wiley got up and showered. Even the cool water failed to diminish the hard on or the soreness of his blue-balls.

Wiley elected to douche and lube his anus channel. He inserted the butt plug which fit snugly between his ass cheeks. There were three plugs to choose from. The first one that he purchased was too small to stay lodged in his used hole.

The last one he purchased was two and one-half inches thick at the base and seven inches long. The tip was one inch thick. The plug was a spade-like shape with a grip handle at the base.

He pulled on a t-shirt and jeans. The book store was two blocks from his home. As he walked, the plug irritated and tickled his prostate. Each step was maddening as his balls tensed and his cock throbbed.

Wiley stopped to glance in the window of the local beer pool hall. There were the usual fat-asses sitting on bar stools guzzling cold beer. He saw his reflection in the mirror-like glass. The outline of his cock which was obviously visible.

He entered the book store and quickly walked to the peep show room. It took several minutes for Wiley's eyes to adjust to the darkness of the peep show area. There were several human shapes but features were still unrecognizable.

As Wiley studied the marquee posters of the movies, he noticed a stout fellow approach him. They made some whispering small talk when Wiley gently groped the fellow's crotch.

"Oh my, you got a very big dick," whispered Wiley. And big was an understatement. It was at least eight inch flaccid member and very thick indeed.

The two men entered the nearest booth and Wiley helped his new friend pull down his pants. Wiley squatted down, lifted this new found toy. Above the huge cock was a protruding hairy belly. The cock was circumcised and bigger than George's member. Wiley smelled it and fondled it with two hands.

Wiley felt thrilled while stroking the cock. He spit drool on the head and stroked it until hard. He tried to stretch his mouth over the head but settled for using his tongue while he frigged with both hands.

The portly companion moaned in pleasure as Wiley manipulated his member.

His friend's cock was truly amazing. It was three hands long and at least three and one-half inches thick.

Wiley applied a generous amount of drool which helped the friction of its orange sized head. He reached under his ass and pulled the large plug out with a slight pluck sound. He felt the warm lube ooze out between his inner ass cheeks.

"What's your name?" Wiley asked.

"Mmmm, Hank," he said.

"Do you want to fuck me Hank," Wiley asked.

"Mmm-Hmm—Oh yes," He replied.

Wiley stood, stripped out of his jeans then graspedHank's huge member, turned and directed his monster to his achy hole.

Holding his companion's cock, he rubbed the head between his ass cheeks using the oily lube. Bent slightly, he urged this enormous cock to nudge at the nest of his puckered anus.

Now Hank helped by holding his cock with one hand as Wiley urged the cock head to gradually penetrate his anus.

Wiley felt the huge head slowly stretch his used hole and gradually enter.

"Oh my God---Oh shit---Dam—so big," cried Wiley as Hank's massive cock stretched his hole beyond anything imaginable.

The biting pain subsided and perhaps one or two inches were sunk in the out-stretched hole. Wiley's anal lips were sorely stretched tight around Hank's shaft.

Now his member was at that point in Wiley's channel where shear enjoyment of orgasmic bliss commenced for the receiver.

"Oh, yes Hank—g-g-good—hmm—o—ugh—o fuck me—ugh-ugh-ugh," moaned Wiley. His legs were shook as he pushed his ass back onto the invading member.

Hank complied by pumping and pushing more cock a little bit at a time. Wiley's legs quivered and were weak as the enormous cock plowed his tight ass.

Suddenly the bliss of a huge cock stroking his ass channel was too much for Wiley.

"Oh Gawd—I'm C-cummiinngg," he cried out loudly forgetting that other men were probably listening. He even forgot about the peep holes in the booth walls.

Wiley's balls churned, biting as the lava flow of cum began to boil out of his stiff cock. The drool quickly turned to a steady squirt of sperm. Jet after jet erupted as Hank plowed his new found tight pussy-hole.

"Oooh—goock—awgh—um hmm—yea," cried out Wiley in orgasmic bliss.

Hank jammed every inch as deep and as hard as he could.

Wiley could feel Hank's huge nut sack plopping just above his own tight nut sack. Hank successfully buried his entire member up the young perky ass. He pulled back three or four inches and sank back inside with a steady rhythm.

A few more strokes and Hank stopped as his cock unloaded his pent up cumm.

"Oh—Ugh—I'm Cumming," Hank blurted.

Wiley could feel the warm emission filling his bowels. Wiley expected that Hank would be pulling his cock out.

But Hank's cock did not soften nor did he yank it out. Instead, he commenced to plowing his new companion's ass hole.

"Slap-Plop-Plop-slap-slap," as Hank resumed his work. The meeting of pelvis and ass was perfect. That huge monster was still hard and wrecking the ass lips and bowels of his new friend.

The recent ejaculation made the channel slick and afforded effortless piston action.

"Oh—Yea—that's so good," Wiley moaned loudly. Indeed the rippling pressure of Hank's huge cock was delicious. There was an audible sluicing sound now as the cock pistoned in and out to the head then all forced its way back up to the balls.

Hank was aware of a third person had joined in. Wiley's upper body was supported by a small bench. His arms and hands were like a push-up position. He faced the door as Hank continued to pound his ass.

The new visitor unfastened his pants, pushed them down and exposed a very nice dick. It was maybe seven inches semi-hard. His pelvis and cock were face level with Wiley's face.

The stranger grasped Wiley's head by the ears and pushed his cock in his face. Wiley opened his mouth and managed to secure the fat dick in his mouth.

His lips were stretched tight over the new prick. His nose buried into his pubic hairs.

The stranger face fucked Wiley while pulling on his ears. The strange new cock grew hard and was driven past Wiley's tongue causing a gag in his throat.

Wiley was fucked in the ass and a hard cock was deep-throating him furiously.

Wiley had to struggle to keep from choking on the stranger's bid dick. Whenever he pulled back to gasp for air, the stranger pulled his ears forcing his throat back down on the spit slick cock.

Drool oozed out of Wiley's mouth as the stranger pulled on his ears.

The familiar climax came over Wiley as his cock dry spurted from the anal fucking.

Hank tensed up, pushed his monster cock deep in Wiley's ass and came again.

"Ugh—ugh—ugh—Awww," Hank moaned like a great beast.

Just on cue, the stranger's cock began to cumm. He pulled back some and his hot jism exploded in Wiley's mouth. Some of his jism leaked from his lips oozing in a long string of cumm.

Hank slowly eased his spent cock from Wiley's ass. Just as it exited, the young man's ass farted with a huge load of jism.

Wiley swallowed as much jism as possible while jism flowed out of his crack down his inner thighs and on the floor.

There was some small talk and a possible future engagement same time next Saturday.

Wiley smiled as he walked home while jism streamed out of his ass hole soaking his jeans.

---to be continued.