 I'm a white almost nineteen year old virgin. I'm 5 feet 5 inches, I got a six inch slender cut cock when its fully erect. When its flaccid it's a small thing about an inch or so. An average sized ball sack when it hangs down, when it's cool and I'm not aroused it shrinks about to about the size of a half dollar, maybe even a quarter sometimes. I'm just a young guy who like any other is really into getting naked and jacking off as many times as possible. I can do it at least five, many six times in one session. 

I'm going to sign up for a summer job being an intern/hostess at the home of the owners of the porn studio Ace in the Hole.

I'm going to get paid to be naked at all times, wearing these sexy red high heels, and having sex with other employees at the house as well as doing the guests. Sex as in hand jobs, blowjobs, and I can't believe I agree to do this, even fucking some guys in the ass.

***

"You understand," Said Richard as he was explaining the contract I was about to sign, "that your job is to wear what we tell you..."

"Which in most cases will be nothing at all," I pipe in.

"The one constant will be the high heels," Richard adds.

"Yes and I choose the red high heels," I insert. Red means that I agree to a select set of sexual services that include masturbation, giving hand jobs, giving blowjobs and even preforming anal sex as a top.

"Unless you occasionally decided to try receiving anal sex, then you can choose to put on the black heels to show us that."

"Oh, I can change my mind?"

"Within limits. You have chosen your base line, but you can choose to offer more sexual services, but not less."

"Okay."

"Also it means that when someone asks for something it doesn't mean when or where, it means there and right then."

"Okay. So if someone says to me in a crowded room, 'Hey you, I want you to suck my dick', that means I do it right then and there in that crowed room?"

"Yes. If someone takes your hand or asks you to follow them, you do, because that means that they want to have sex somewhere else. Otherwise if asked it is always means right then. So you stop whatever you are doing and do what you are told. Nothing you do is more important than offering your body for sexual service to me, my partner, anyone on our staff, and any of our guests."

"God it chief. I am paid to be your sex toy. So, where do I sign?"

***

After we got all the contract explanation and sighing done I was offered a massage Richard.

As part of that massage, Richard also gave me my first blow job. Man, oh man was he good!

Richard is a late twenty early thirty white guy, solid built, hairy chest, though has a shaved cock and balls. A big thick dick and nice low hanging balls. He has a nice solid and shapely butt. So do I. They seem to have a thing for good-looking butts.

***

So, here I am, naked wearing red platform heels and I'm standing in a room like I was at some Hollywood studio show, a white wall with the company logo repeatedly plastered all over it. I'm with my two bosses. 

Richard has his arm around my waist and that hand on my butt. We are standing next to Jason, and 

Jason has his arm around a tall swimmer bodied black guy, all naked like me and about my height. 

The black youth is wearing black platform heels. He has short cropped black hair, green eyes, full sensual mouth, and a flaccid thick dick about six inches long with a great hanging pair of ping pong balls. He has an incredibly hot bubble butt! His skin is a creamy milk chocolate. He must be the other hostess.

We are all getting our pictures taken by dozens of clothed camera guys from publicity departments of the porn industry and those agencies who cover that industry. 

We are being announced as the new Hostesses for the Ace in the Hole mansion. Over the din of the camera clicking we can hear some of them calling out, requests.

"Give us a good look at them!"

"Let's see those famous Ace in the Hole asses!"

"Okay boys," Jason and Richard say to us as they spank out butts, "go ahead and walk around and bit and show of your bodies."

"Yes boss," we answer.

We both take a few steps, turn and pose and then turn and pose again, allowing the mob of photographers to get a good look at our naked bodies front and back fully exposed to the cameras. We then come back to stand next to our bosses again.

"Hey! We liked to see them standing at attention!"

"Stand tall and proud for the cameras!"

"Okay," Jason and Richard say as they both begin to fondle our penises and balls. We start getting aroused as they begin to use their fingers to stroke out cock heads and the tip of our shaft. 

The cameras flash and capture every change in our pricks until our bosses get us fully aroused and our cocks stick out fully erect.

"Great!"

"Perfect!"

Flash go the cameras focusing in on our erections. 

"Do they have names?"

"Are you asking if we've named their cocks?" Richard calls back. Laughter erupts in the room as our cocks just hang their hard for all to see. "If you mean what our two new hostesses names, our white boy is David and our black young man is Jonathan."

Hmmm, that is interesting. I gave them my real name on my application and that ain't it. But I guess like a rock star I have now a single new name and it's David.

"Stroke them for us!"

"Give them a work out!"

"Okay," Richard and Jason reply as they wrap their hands around our hard cocks and begin to jack us off for everyone to see.

"Let's see them shoot a load for the cameras!"

"I think that can be arranged," Richard says as he and Jason more vigorously work mine and Jonathan's hard cocks.

It is all kind of hard to take. Hard to wrap my head around this new job I've walked into. It's all so arousing. It's like a great long wet dream. Here I am naked wearing high heels in a room full of clothed men who are taking our pictures. Being forced to publically get jacked off for their viewing pleasure and it is all being recorded and will be out on some porn web site for thousands and millions to see. We are just paid sex objects and that is what I signed up to be.

Wow! It feels great!

Despite how many times I've already cum today I can feel my balls and cock heating up with hot cum. Our cocks are being pounded and our photographer audience are loving it. We begin to moan as we near our climaxes. Ohhhhh...God...he's going to make...mmmmmmeee...cummmmm...for alllll...ohhhhhh to seeeee...oh God...oh God...oh God...

"Make them cum!"

"Shoot their loads!"

"Work those pricks!"

Oh God...Oh God...we are...going...to have...to cummmmm...for them...Oh God...yessss...yesssss...

"Come on David," Richard says as he pounds my hard prick with his fist, "Shoot your load for them. Cum for the cameras."

"Oh God!" both Jonathan and I cry out as we begin to ejaculate hot cream.

"Fantastic!"

"Keep it up!"

As the cameras flash and we spurt forth our thick hot jizz for them to capture. Oh God!!

Oh God...I can't believe how many times I've cum today!! As I spurt out one last thick burst of hot jizz onto the floor in front of me.

"Wonderful!"

"Great."

"Great loads!"

I'm spent and I'm shaking.

"Now the boys have other things to do so that's all for now," Richard says as he takes his hand away from my shrinking dick. "But, please clean me up first," as he brings his hand up to my mouth to lick off some of my cum that got onto his hand.

I obey and the cameras love it. I like the taste of his cum.

We are finally taken out of this room and guided into down the hall to a large room which is enclosed with glass walls. It is an empty conference room. In the center of it is a long oblong table with a dozen chairs around it.

"Now boys, we have the finally stages of negotiations with a new overseas distributors," Richard explains.

"If all goes well and you help us," Jason explains.

"What do you want from us?" Jonathan asks.

"Why, sex of course," Jason replies.

"You are to give the two head representatives blow jobs as we finish our negotiations," Richard explains. 

I spot some cushions placed underneath the conference table.

I point to them and ask, "Are those for us?"

"Yes." Richard replies. "Now be a good boy and crawl under there and when our two delegates arrive crawl to them and suck their cocks for us."

We agree and get on our hands and knees and get under the table to wait for the others to arrive.

"Hi," Jonathan says as we crawl together, "glad you were picked. I guess I'm Jonathan."

"Hi and I guess I'm David. Why are you glad I was picked?"

"You got great legs, a great ass and a sweet looking cock and balls. Can't wait to get a taste."

I blush.

"I can't help but admire your cock and your ass as well," I reply. "You are fucking hot."

"Our work begins," Jonathan says at the sound of the door opening. In walks two thirty-somethings in expensive suits, by their voices I believe they are French. They sit down and we crawl toward them.

As everyone settles in Jason explains to the two French delegates, that Jason and Richard have brought some treats for their distinguished guests at this last stage of the negotiations.

The two French men respond that they don't see any pastries on the table.

That's our cue to crawl between their legs and present ourselves.

"We're the trick and you're the treats," Jonathan says as he reaches up to his guy's pant leg.

"Allow us to relieve you," I say poking my head up between my guy's spread wide legs.

They are surprised but don't stop us as we reach to undo their belts and then unzip their pants.

"Could you get up for a moment so we have better access?" Jonathan politely asks.

They ask what we are doing down there and we explain we are here to give them a blowjob if that would be okay with them.

They are shocked and sputter that this is not what they were expecting.

Our bosses explain that it is all part of Ace in the Hole many perks, and they hope that our efforts our their behalf will be appreciated.

"So," I ask, "Can you get up for a moment so I can remove your pants?" I ask so very politely as if this is nothing out of the ordinary.

"If you insist," he says as he stands up.

"Thank you," I say as I reach up to pull his suit pants down and get them off his leg. "That's better. Shall I remove those pretty gray boxers as well?" I ask.

"If they will be in your way," my Frenchman says kindly. "Shall I take them off or do you want the honors?"

"Oh, I would love to do it," I say, making this up as I go along. I reach up and pull his boxers down his leg to reveal a hairy ball sack and a reasonable sized piece of uncut man meat between his leg.

"You can sit down now," I say.

He does and I bring myself closer to his naked crotch with my mouth a mere inch away from him.

I hear my bosses say, "Now let's all get down to business."

With that I take his firm and now aroused penis in my hand and bring it to my open mouth. My tongue licks his uncut head and I savor the new flavors. While they all begin their trade talks.

They just carry on as if it is perfectly normal that Jonathan and me are under the table, naked and are here to suck these guys off as they go about their business.

I for one, must confess I am liking my new job. I am enjoying all these new sensations. I've never seen or felt a uncut cock before and find it fascinating. I slide his foreskin back to reveal his head and taste lick a dab of precum that has formed on it. My man moans in appreciation as I take his warm hard head into my mouth.

Jonathan and I continue to give these guys blow jobs as they and my boss work out their business contract. I can spot of few secretaries and other office workers passing by as they glance in at us. They all smile and smirk as they watch what is going on. None are surprised though, they have seen things like this before I gather. Our two French men try and act as if what we are doing to their bodies with our hands and mouths doesn't amount to any kind of distraction. We of course are doing or best to make them notice that we have their cocks in our mouths and our sucking the shit out of them. 

I can taste his flowing pre-cum as I do my mouth magic on his hot dick and I am getting the hang of this. I can swallow his cum without gaging now and I like the different taste of it. This is fun! Yum!

I let his cock hang there as I take one of his balls into my mouth, suck on it, and let my tongue play with it.

That gets a moan out of him.

I flick my tongue along the tip of his shaft and he moans with each flick. I'm finally getting to him. I can play with his balls as I run my mouth up and down his dribbling shaft and I can feel his balls boiling. He is beginning to beg me to stop. I can hear my boss repeat their question and ask for a response. I don't let up and he can control himself and he can't stop begging for me to stop and give him a moment to think. I don't.

"Okay! Okay! Oh God...Okay!" he bursts out and at the same time he burst forth inside my mouth.

My boss says, "Excellent, we have a deal."

"Yes...yes...yesss...we dooooo..." he cries out as I swallow his hot jizz flooding my mouth. I can hear Jonathan's guy also cumming as well. We both swallow their cum loads as my bosses have them sign the contracts.

Finally it is over and they stagger on shaky legs and happily pick up their clothes and get to leave. Congratulating my bosses on their expert negotiations.

"You two did well I see," Jason says to us. "We know they can suck, how well can they fuck?"

"I don't know? Richard says, "We have worked hard and we deserve a treat, I agree. Jonathan come over here and help me out of my clothes."

"David comes over here as well."

Richard is a heftier man with a bigger butt so it makes sense that he would want Jonathan's big cock. David is a bit more slender and more my size. Richard and Jason take off their shoes, we undo their pants, and set them carefully on a chair, acting like fucking our bosses in public is a perfectly normal thing. 

I can feel my cock get hard just thinking about what I am going to do. I'm going to fuck this guy in the ass in public for all his employees to see.

I pull down Jason's silver silk boxers and admire his solid firm ass and legs. He spreads his legs apart and tells me to get down and tongue his hole. This is more than I bargained for, licking some guys asshole, but hey what the hell. He looks like a guy who is very careful about cleanliness and he does have a nice looking ass. 

I run my tongue along his soft firm butt cheeks and make my way to the valley that is between his cheeks. I tongue between his cheeks and flick my tongue at his ass bud.

"Oh yes..." Jason responds. "Tongue it, get my good and wet for you to slide into me."

I hear and obey as I tongue his hole gliding over the edge and finally making my way into it as he spreads his butt wide for me. I glance over at Jonathan and watch as he begins to slip his milk chocolate cock head into Richards white bubble ass.

"I'm wet enough," Jason says. "Now fuck my ass."

I get up and approach him with my hand around my hard erection as I point my head at his asshole. 

I feel it press against his hole and he leans back as I lean into him. Oh my God! I feel my head with a sloppy pop slip into him!

"Yes! Push it in!" Jason cries out.

I do. I feel my hot rod slide into his yielding firmness. He is so tight, firm and tender. I slip deep into his ass until I press my balls up against his buttocks. Oh my God! I'm inside of this guy's fucking hole! It is so warm and wonderful; it grips me and holds me.

"Fuck me...slide in and out and fuck my ass..." Jason murmurs.

I do and it is wonderful. I've never been inside of anyone and it feels so incredible. I pull back and then plunge back into his ass and slowly repeat the motion as I begin to fuck his ass. Oh my God! I am fucking someone! And doing it for all to see! I notice office guys watching Jonathan and I as we both fuck our bosses.

"Oh God! Oh God! Oh God!" With each exclamation that is ripped out of our mouths I plunge in and out of his naked and wet asshole.

I glance over at Jonathan and watch him push his black horse cock in and out of Richard's pale plump wide ass, I can almost hear Jonathan's big milk chocolate balls bounce and slap Richard's ass with each deep strong thrusts. They are both in rapture enjoying giving and receiving a hefty hot fuck.

Having my hot cock sliding in and out of this wet tight ass is such exquisite pleasure. I wonder what it feels like to have someone do me? I try to imagine what Jonathan's eight thick inches would do to my tight butt. Would it be painful or be wickedly pleasure? I almost want to ask him to take his cock and slide it into my ass. But, that's for another day, another night. 

I'll have plenty of opportunities. Now I'm just going to enjoy sodomizing this juicy ass.

In and out of his ass I go and I just don't want to stop...this is so much better than jacking off...feeling this tight wet hole grip my cock as I slide it in and out...oh God...

"More...more...fuck...," Jason moans as I fuck his ass. "Oh fuck you are a perfect cock...you fill my hole...best ever fuck...fuck...more...harder...faster...oh fuck...don't stop...ram it in me...pound me...ohhhhh..."

I hear a door open behind me and the sound of someone coming into the room.

"Ummm," a soft hesitant masculine voice says. "I'm sorry sirs, but you ahhh specifically asked to be interrupted."

"Yes...yes...oh Fuck...yes..." Jason says in response as I just keep pounding his ass.

"You two have an important meeting to get to...I'm sorry but you did explicitly say to remind you whatever you were ahhhh engaged in."

"Ohhh...Hell," Richard says as Jonathan rams his black cock into his ass. "Yes. We did."

"Ohhhhh...the boys seem to be just..." Jason moans trying to be calm and coherent. "getting a good start on their asssss...sighment...FUCK!" I just plunged my cock even deeper into his ass.

This is fun!

"Tell them," Richard says with a moan. "We will be there shortly...as soon as we cannnnnn..."

"Yes sir," a very embarrassed office boy says as he stares at the scene with his big wide blue eyes. He doesn't want to leave. He just wants to stay and watch.

"Fuckkkkk..."Jason exclaims. "Now stop watching and uhhhhh...go and tell them we will be there...as soon as these boys can finish up their business..."

"YYYYesss sir. Go. Yes, I must, go," he says very reluctantly.

"Now boys," Richard says, "Please hurry up and cum for us."

"Fuck yes." Jason cries out. "Cum now and fill us with your juice...now! Do it!"

Both Jonathan and I rise to the occasion and vigorously pound their asses with our cocks trying our best to get our semen to boil and burst forth.

"That's it!" our bosses cry out. "Fuck our asses! Fill our ass with you cum! Now! Now! Please do it now!!"

Oh fuck! Yes...I feel it...yes...once again...I feel that sensation in my balls and cock...yes...pound and pound...thrust and thrust his ass...and here it is...sooooonn...so very soon...I can feeeellll it rising...YESSSS I am Cuuuuuummmmming! 

I bury my cock as deep into his ass as I can as I feel my head burst forth with hot cream and gush deep into his hold. OHHHHHHH.

"Oh God!" our bosses cry out. "That's it! I can feel you filling me!!"

Ohhhhh...I cannn't believe how many times I've shotttt oooohhh my load...fuck...today...and uhhhh...yesss...I'm doing it...again...pouring out hot creamy jizz...into this juicy hole...ooooohhhh...

!!

Everything is lost but heat and the smell of sweat and feel of hot soft firm flesh...I'm...

Then, when I can focus, I realize I'm exhausted. 

I feel myself shaking, shrinking, being all moist and tired...and slipping out...
