 PRELUDE

It was late afternoon and no one else was in the office except for Matt and the boss's son Michael, pronounced Michelle. Matt and Michael attended the same college but had not been acquaintances until the summer following their sophomore year. Matt had applied for a summer internship at a company that Michael's father Phillip owned. That summer Michael had invited Matt to the family cottage for a long weekend. It was the weekend of Matt's introduction to bi-sex. He learned that Michael was gay but he also learned that Michael gave great head and had a lovely ass.

"Michael, I'm ready for a break," Matt called out.

"Okay Matt, I will put the sign out," Michael replied with a hint of his fading French accent.

Michael put the Closed for the Day sign on the door and locked it. He went into the office were Matt was working and smiled at the handsome stud. Michael walked around the desk and dropped to his knees as Matt stood up. Michael unbuckled Matt's belt, unfastened his pants and lowered them to his ankles. Michael licked his lips when he saw the outline of Matt's large cock in the underwear. Michael fondled the cock through the cotton material as Matt took off his tie and unbuttoned his dress shirt. 

Michael pulled the snug briefs down and Matt's cock sprung out and bobbed in front of him. Michael loved to do that and see the big stiff dick bounce around in front of his face. He took the impressive shaft in his hand and guided it to his mouth. He sucked Matt for a few minutes and then removed the cock from his mouth. Holding it he looked up and spoke.

"We are all alone. Let's get naked," Michael suggested excitedly.

Matt nodded his agreement as he was already nearly naked. He kicked his pants and underwear off and removed his dress shirt. Michael removed all his clothes as Matt finished undressing and then they were barefoot and naked in the office. Michael resumed sucking Matt's cock and within minutes Matt was cumming in Michael's mouth. Michael drank down every drop of the salty nectar and continued to suck Matt keeping him hard. Michael loved the fact that Matt could easily cum three times a day and sometimes four. He would never forget their first weekend at the cabin. 

Michael removed Matt's cock and asked, "Are you ready to fuck me this time?"

"You bet. Get that curvy hot ass up here," Matt replied in a raspy voice.

Matt had learned to love anal sex and Michael had one of the nicest asses male or female that he had ever fucked. Matt had been introduced to anal by a very hot and beautiful girl the summer after he graduated from high school. He was surprised that a girl who was so pretty would do the things that she did but he sure learned a lot from her. He was well prepared for college by the end of that summer. Not in his wildest dreams did he think that he would ever fuck a guy but Michael loved it and he had such a great ass.

Michael lubed his ass and handed Matt the tube so he could grease his cock. Matt had already placed the paper towels on the desk for cleanup. Matt lubed his dick and he was ready for action. He eased his cock into Michael and slowly entered his ass. Michael moaned sexily as he always did when Matt's big dick filled his hole. At first Michael would control the action and move his ass back and forth taking the cock deeper and deeper. Once Matt was all the way in he took over and fucked Michael with long steady strokes. 

Matt maintained the rhythm until he was ready to cum and then he picked up the pace. His hips were slamming into Michael's buttocks causing the curvy cheeks to jiggle. Matt loved to see the smooth round flesh jiggle as he drilled the shapely ass. Sensing he was about to shoot he pulled out and aimed his cock at Michael's lovely ass. Semen spurted out and landed on his anus and buttocks. Michael cooed when he felt the warm sperm land on him. He knew what was next and anticipated the penetration.

Matt put his cock back in Michael's ass and as he did he pushed in some of his seed. He did this several times and then let his cock stay in as Michael massaged it with his sphincter. Matt liked the way the sphincter clenched and released his shaft milking the remaining semen from him. Only Michael did that which was one reason why Matt liked fucking him.

Michael wanted to get off so Matt pulled out of his ass. Michael turned around and stretched out on the desk with his legs up exposing his anus. Matt stepped in close and put his cock back in as Michael jerked off. It had taken awhile for Matt to get comfortable fucking Michael missionary style. He wasn't into looking at cock and balls as he preferred that they were not visible when he was fucking Michael's ass. However Michael liked to cum with a cock in his ass and Matt had learned to deal with it. 

It didn't take long for Michael to cum and when he did he shot his load on his chest, abs and pubes. Matt did like the way the sphincter contracted around his cock when Michael ejaculated. Matt left his cock in Michael for a few more minutes and then pulled out. He handed the paper towels to Michael and wiped his own cock clean. The two young men wiped themselves dry of semen and then got dressed. 

"I really enjoy our afternoon breaks whenever we can have them," Michael said in sexy tone.

"I do too. I really like fucking you. I still think that you may have the nicest ass that I have ever fucked," Matt added.

"I'm glad that I can compete with the girls," Michael gushed with a blush.

"Oh you compete all right. When it comes to sucking cock and butt fucking you are the best," Matt lauded him.

"I'm looking forward to this weekend at the cabin."

"I am too," Matt agreed as the first time flashed through his mind.

THE FIRST GAY FOR MATT

Matt and Michael were complete opposites. Matt was 6'2" 180 pounds and very fit. He had a chiseled athletic body with washboard abs. His hair was light brown and he kept in cut short. Michael on the other hand was 5'6" 150 pounds with a slender effeminate body. He wore his long brown hair over his neck and ears. 

Michael was thrilled when Matt applied for the internship. He did not know Matt at the time but his father pointed out that Matt was from the same college. Michael participated in the interview process since he would have to work with the other intern. Michael was floored by Matt's good looks and physical stature. He told his father to hire Matt for the summer internship.

Matt was glad that he got the job and all though he suspected Michael might be gay, he felt he could work with him. It was four weeks into the summer when Michael suggested that his father invite Matt to their summer cabin for the 4th of July weekend. The father agreed and Michael suggested that he and Matt head up the day before and get the cabin ready. Phillip agreed so the two young men left for the cabin early Friday morning. After picking up groceries on the way there they arrived around 10:00 AM and began working.

Michael showed Matt were they would be sleeping in the same room with twin bunks. They stowed their gear in the room and then went to work cleaning the cabin. They had the inside finished by noon and took short break for lunch. After lunch they worked out side cleaning up the leaves and deadfall. Matt was wearing cut off jeans and he took off his shirt. Michael loved watching the muscular Matt move around the property. 

Michael was wearing very tight shorts and a tank top. Matt was surprised how much Michael resembled a girl especially from behind. He had slender shapely legs, his skin was smooth and delicate and he had a very curvy ass. Matt admired the round bottom several times and thought to himself, "Many a girl would kill for an ass like that." The two young men worked diligently even though they stole glances at each other from time to time. By 6:00 PM they had finished their chores and were ready to shower and relax.

They showered before eating hamburgers off the grill. The mosquitoes were starting to show up so they ate inside the cabin. Following dinner they cleaned up the dishes and Michael opened a bottle of red wine. The two of them sat around in their sleep shorts drinking wine and talking about school. Michael was on the rustic sofa lying naked on his stomach a she sipped his wine. His magnificent ass looked fantastic. It was as if someone added the buttocks to his slender body. Matt was sure that Michael' cheeks stuck out at least 8" from his lower back and legs.

Michael' cock and balls were not visible and he truly looked like a pretty girl sprawled out on the sofa. Matt felt his cock surge in his sleep shorts and he shifted to try and hide it. He continued to stare at the incredible ass on his host and he wondered what it would be like to fuck Michael. Matt thought to himself, "Would it really be that different fucking Michael in the ass then it was butt fucking a girl?" 

Matt imagined Michael on all fours with his head down on the bed and his curvy ass in the air. Matt was sure that he could bring himself to fuck Michael in the doggy position. He imagined his cock sliding in and out between the glorious ass cheeks and filling the warm anal passage. It took all his will power to refrain from taking it further. He tried to think of other things and dismiss it from his mind.

Michael got up to get something and Matt watched him closely. Once again Matt's eyes were fixed on the marvelous looking ass of his co-worker. It was so perfect it didn't it seem real. It was like looking at one of those cartoon characters where their prowess was exaggerated. Matt stood up and his stiff cock caught in the pants leg of his shorts. He still had a difficult time believing that a guy's ass could get him so excited.

Michael lay back down and intentionally pushed up on his knees ever so slightly to further accentuate the shape of his lovely ass. He then turned and looked right at Matt and asked, "Matt would you massage my back with this lotion. I am a little stiff from the work we did today."

"Sure, I can do that," Matt stammered thinking to himself, "You're not as stiff as I am right now."

Matt stared at Michael briefly as he had never seen a guy look so feminine but of course his cock was out of sight. Michael's skin was hairless and without a blemish and when Matt began to apply the lotion, he felt the smooth texture of Michael's skin. Matt had massaged plenty of females in his life but he couldn't recall anyone with skin any smoother than Michael. Matt began at Michael's neck and shoulders and worked his way down Michael's back. As he massaged his effeminate looking host, Matt felt his cock harden in his sleep shorts yet again. 

Michael had turned his head to one side resting on his hands folded on the sofa. He noticed the bulge in Matt's shorts and he smiled. Michael also noticed that the outline of Matt's cock was very impressive and Michael guessed the size to be close to eight inches and it was very thick. 

"Would you mind doing my legs too?" Michael requested.

Matt didn't speak but moved down to the end of the lounge and began to apply lotion to Michael's calves and thighs. Matt massaged Michael's calves up to the back of his knees and then his thighs just below his sleep shorts. Matt then stared at the shapely ass before him. Now that he looked at Michael's ass it looked every bit as good as any of the women that he had butt fucked. He was tempted to pull the shorts down and get a look at the naked ass.

"Oh that feels wonderful. You have great hands and I love the way you massage the lotion into me," Michael cooed.

"I think that I better stop now," Matt stammered showing his nervousness.

"Oh would you do my shoulders again first," Michael requested.

Michael had a woody and he wasn't quite ready to turn over and besides he was going to try and take it to the next step with Matt. Michael wanted to see how far he could go with him. Matt moved to the head of the sofa and began to put lotion on Michael's shoulders again. As Matt's hands massaged Michael's shoulders, Michael let his hands drift to Matt's sleep shorts. Matt felt Michael's hands fumbling with his shorts and then he realized that Michael had freed his cock through the leg opening.

Matt tried to step back but Michael held on to the big thick shaft. "Relax and let me enjoy your beautiful cock," Michael said as he stroked the long thick penis.

"Haven't you ever had sex with a man?"

"No."

"Well just relax and enjoy it. I know you like my ass. I see you checking it out all the time."

"We shouldn't," Matt said nervously.

"Sure we should, let's just enjoy this," Michael whispered again just before he lowered his mouth onto Matt's cock.

"Oh my God it's going to happen," Matt thought to himself.

Matt knew that it was a big step to let Michael suck his cock but it felt so good. Michael was an excellent cock sucker and Matt knew that he would cum soon. Michael pulled Matt closer to the sofa and he began to fondle Michael's balls and stroke his perineum. Matt was so turned on that he busted his nut quickly and flooded Michael's mouth. Michael handled the discharge expertly and sucked every drop out of Matt's cock. Michael lowered Matt's sleep shorts down to his knees and pulled Matt closer. Michael held onto Matt's muscular buttocks as he continued to suck Matt's cock keeping Matt hard.

"Now I would love for you to fuck me. I want to feel that marvelous cock in my ass. Why don't you remove my shorts, massage my ass some more and lubricate my anus for me," Michael directed and added, "Let's take this into the bedroom."

Once in the bedroom Michael removed his sleep shorts as did Matt. Michael got in his bunk and Matt followed Michael's instructions and began to massage Michael's ass. Matt then worked Michael's ass just as he had any of the college girl's he had butt fucked. He lovingly massaged Michael shapely buttocks and lubricated Michael's asshole. Matt put one then two fingers in Michael's ass and finger fucked him for several minutes.

"I'm ready for you Matt. I'm ready for you to put your big dick in me. Go slow and make this last a long time," Michael whispered sexily.

Staring the entire time at Michael's beautiful curvy ass, Matt got up on the bed and lowered his body onto Michael. Matt held his erect cock in his hand and guided to Michael's anus. Michael held his breath as the thick but soft mushroom head opened up the anus and stretched the sphincter. Matt was thoughtful and gentle as he slowly penetrated a guy's ass for the first time in his life. Michael's ass opened up and welcomed Matt's cock into the warm snug passage. Matt held still and let Michael move under him. Once Matt was satisfied that Michael had loosened up he began to fuck Michael with long steady deliberate strokes.

The two of them moved together as if they had done this many times before. Michael rose up slightly on his knees while keeping his chest pressed against the bed. This move accentuated the round shape of his shapely ass. Matt like the feel of the curvy buttocks as he drove his cock all the way home. Normally Matt liked the girls in a doggy style position but he found he liked the way Michael felt under him. Michael groaned repeatedly each time Matt buried his cock in Michael's ass.

Every time Matt drove his cock into Michael's bottom, Michael lifted his hips to receive the cock in his ass. They fucked slowly and maintained their rhythm and Matt wrapped his arms around Michael's upper body. Their bodies pressed together as they made love and Matt felt just like he was in the ass of a woman. Matt never expected that fucking a guy could be so enjoyable and so erotic. Matt was so wrapped up fucking Michael's hot curvy ass that his ejaculation snuck up on him. Almost without warning Matt shot another massive load, this time into Michael's rectum.

Michael groaned aloud when he felt the first stream shoot into him followed by several more streams nearly as forceful. Matt moved his hips in and out as he ejaculated into Michael until he was nearly drained. Matt pressed his body into Michael and remained still as Michael clenched and unclenched his sphincter muscle around Matt's shaft. Matt was still hard when he removed his cock from Michael's ass and got off his bed. Michael turned over and took a hold of his own erection and stroked it in search of his release. Matt watched Michael jerk off. 

Michael saw that Matt was still hard and spoke softly, "Put your cock back in me. Just fuck me until I cum."

Matt moved back to Michael who lifted his legs to receive Matt's cock. Matt eased his cock back into Michael's well lubed passage and began to fuck him again. Michael stroked his cock as Matt fucked him and Matt was amazed that he was still hard after cumming twice. Matt watched as Michael closed his eyes and felt Michael's sphincter tighten around his cock as Michael ejaculated. Michael's load shot out in four or five streams and landed on his chest, abs and pubes. 

Michael smiled and said, "I think that you like fucking me," Michael whispered.

Matt just nodded but now he was embarrassed about what happened. He pulled out of Michael and got wash cloths for both of them. They wiped the semen from their body and Matt only got more turned on. Michael rolled over on his belly again and within minutes Matt was buried balls deep again in Michael's tight asshole. Michael was flattened on the bed face down as Matt drove his impressive cock deep into the bowels of his new lover. Michael's ass moved under Matt but Matt's strength and drive kept Michael pinned under him. Matt's powerful buttocks clenched and unclenched as he pummeled Michael's ass. His thick cock drove into Michael and then retreated until only the head remained in Michael's rectum. Michael felt the powerful shaft drive in and out of his anal passage like a piston causing Michael to cry out.

"Oh man your cock is so big in my ass, so deep. Cum in me like the last time, I want to feel you shooting in my ass!" Michael exclaimed.

Matt continued to fuck the shapely firm ass of his lover driving his cock into the warm recess. Matt sensed his orgasm building in his balls and he knew that within minutes he would cum in Michael's hot ass. Matt felt the pressure in his scrotum just before he unleashed a torrent of semen into the shapely firm ass underneath him. Matt felt Michael's sphincter muscle tighten around the shaft and squeeze every ounce of juice out of it. Matt stayed hard and he continued to slowly fuck Michael's ass as the semen coated his shaft. 

Michael sensed that Matt was going to stay hard without pulling out of his ass and whispered, "Matt if you are going to keep fucking my ass let's roll on our sides."

Matt rolled to his side keeping his cock in Michael's ass as he pulled Michael to the side. Matt's hands wrapped around and caressed Michael's body. Matt gently pinched Michael's nipples and kept fucking Michael until they both came. Michael came two times before Matt came in Michael's ass again. The first time Michael ejaculated; his cum shot passed his face and hit the headboard of bed. The second time he came his seed hit him in the face and neck. Then Matt lost it and dumped another load in Michael's ass. The two of them rested on their sides as Matt's cock slowly deflated and slipped from Michael's asshole. 

Matt moved over to his own bunk as that was more than enough him. That night Matt could not get the image of Michael's ass out of his mind. They didn't speak another word as they lay in their separate bunks. Michael knew that Matt was struggling with what they had done and it was not the time to discuss it. Matt did not know how he would react in the morning when confronted by his co-worker. They fell asleep without another word.

THE MORNING AFTER

Matt rolled to his side as he started to wake up that Saturday morning. He opened his eyes slowly and glanced over at the other bunk. He saw that it was empty. Rolling on his back he stared at the bedroom ceiling thinking back to the previous night. He struggled with his feelings as he had never expected to have sex with Michael and more so that he never knew he would actually enjoy it. How could something so wrong so taboo, feel that good? As he recalled fucking Michael's super fine ass, he got a morning woody. As Matt took a hold of his cock he realized that he had slept in the nude. Thinking of Michael's ass he stroked his cock but not with any urgency or desire to cum.
