 My name is Todd and growing up in a small town in Indiana was never easy especially for a boy who knew there was something different about him, for me well it was the fact that I found looking at guys more appealing than looking at girls. I guess at the time I knew I was gay but didn't own up to it until one day in the summer of 1998 when I was home for summer break from college a new guy moved onto my block. His name was Dexter, Dex for short. 

One day I was at the local pond hanging out and swimming when he came walking out of the woods. I called him over and he introduced himself. I asked him if he wanted to hang out and he did which made me happy he was wearing these tight running shorts which made it hard to hide the fact that he was packing a large one. 

I tried not to stare but it became really hard to do when he dove into the water and came back out with his short even tighter than before. 

We laid back on the grass looking up at the darkening sky, he told me his family had just moved here from Nevada, that his dad had been transferred for his job, that he was there to help his family get settled while on break from his college. His parents wanted him to transfer to state college here, but he was unsure if he wanted to do that.

He hated the thought of leaving his friends and being able to go out in the desert and ride his dune buggy, he wasn't able to bring it with him here his dad told him there wouldn't be any place here to drive it. So they sold it and he had gotten the money from it.

He asked me what there was to do around here for fun, I told him not much unless you were willing to drive about 20 miles to the next town which was bigger and had more to do. Around here there was the combo bowl and skating rink, it was so lame but it was all there was.

It was getting dark but I really didn't want to go home, but Dex said he had to get going so we headed home. We got to my house and he noticed how close we were. 

"Hey, I just live down the block," he said.

"That's cool maybe we could hang out sometime, I got some great video games in the basement at my house," I said hopeful he would say yes.

"That sounds great, I'll see you later," he said and headed towards his house.

A few days later I was working out in the front yard when I saw him walking towards my house. I was hopeful that he would stop by. My heart raced as he turned up the driveway and headed towards me.

"Hey man, how you doing," he said as he approached.

"Great, what are you up to?"

"Bored that's what," he sighed.

"Me too really, I just have to finish this up real quick then we can head down to my room and hang out and play those games if you want?"

"Sounds great to me you need some help with this," he said picking up the box.

"Thanks," I said.

We finished in the garage and headed into the house my mom and dad were there and I introduced them to Dex, they reminded me that it was card night at David and Melinda's. They would be gone most of the night as usual when they went over there. I told them that Dex and I were going to be hanging out in my room playing video games. 

"Don't forget before you go to bed to check the doors and windows and set the alarm," my mom said.

"I know mom, no problem," I said a little aggravated especially since I have been doing it nearly every night since my sister died.

My parents left and we grabbed some sodas and headed down to my room. The basement was separated off, one side was the wash room and storage with the furnace and stuff, the other side there was a paneled false wall which made it into my room. 

Opening the door we walked in and Dex looked around my room nothing special really my bed which was a queen size mattress on the floor, a black leather sofa in front of a large T.V. and stand, my dresser and built in closet, my walls filled with band posters, poison, kiss, led zeppelin. 

"Wow, this is a great room man, I wish mine looked like this," he said with a smile.

"Yeah it's great I just wish my room in the dorm was this size, its really tiny but it works for now. I want to be able to move off campus next year when I can have a smaller class load and be able to work full time instead of part-time."

"That's exactly what I want to do too, but with this move for my parents they want me to change colleges. I really want to stay at UNLV, I like being in Vegas, its always a party."

"Sounds like fun there. Life here is much slower and less glamour. IU is cool but its not like being some place where its cool to be different."

"I know what you mean."

"So what will it be I have lots of different games."

We went over to the shelf and chose a game and began playing slouched down on the couch our fingers moving the buttons, cursing when things didn't go quite the way we wanted. 

After a while we paused for a break, and Dex went over to the shelf and began looking over the movies I had.

"Hey you want to watch a movie?"

"Sure, what do you feel like watching?"

"Anything is good."

Dex started moving movies around on the shelf then turned around with a start.

"Ah huh, look what I found," he said holding up a movie in his hand. My face was beet red, he had found my porn stash. I wasn't sure what I should say or do. If I were to watch this with him I'm not sure what would happen, I didn't know if I could control myself around him or not. Most likely not.

"I'm not sure if that would be a good idea." 

"Why not, where did you get it?"

"I sniped it off my roommate."

"Well, come on let's watch it."

"Okay, if you want to."

I went over turned off the game and popped the movie in. On the way back to the couch I hit the light switch. The tape began like any other porn tape, advertisements for phone sex, sex toys, and other porn movies with different stars.

"Hey something I should tell you about this movie, a part of it turns really weird I usually fast forward past it," I lied I never miss that part usually it's the other way around I fast forward to that part and rewind a watch it again.

"Why what wrong with it?"

"Well it's sort of gay."

"Cool I want to see it."

With that I thought my cock was going to bust through the seams of my jeans. We sat watching through two girls going down a well hung dude, his cock jetting in and out of their mouths. My cock was straining wanting out of its confines, so I unzipped my pants and let it loose. I began stroking my cock, I looked over and Dex was doing the same. His cock was hard and thick, my mouth watered wanting to taste it. 

Before we knew it the part was on the screen I had been waiting for the two dudes were going down on each other hot and heavy, I pushed my jeans down to my knees. My hand pumping wildly on my cock as I looked over at Dex I could see him sliding his hand up and down his cock watching the events on the screen intently. 

While stroking with my left hand, I moved my right down between my legs my fingers stroking my hole, a digit moving into it. My brain was on melt-down with Dex on my left so close I could reach out and latch onto his cock with no problem which was sending me over the edge. My hips were thrusting my cock through my hand, my finger filling my hole but I wanted more and I knew it.

I could hear Dex's breaths becoming labored, I looked over and he was no longer watching the screen but was watching me. Our eyes locked on each other, I didn't know what to do. But he did, he leaned over and took my cock into his mouth. If I thought my brain was going to explode before it was reaching critical mass right now, I even think my cock got harder with the feel of his mouth on my sensitive skin.

My hand which was stroking was now rubbing his back up and down, then on the back of his head giving encouragement. The moans coming out us both gave me encouragement that this was okay with him.

At one point Dex stopped and looked up at me with a smile on his face, I guess it was a mutual idea, we separated and took off the rest of our clothes moved to the floor, moved into a 69 position and began sucking each others cocks.

Having his cock finally in my mouth was elating, my body was on cruise control, my hips moving with rhythm in and out of his mouth, my fingers exploring his hole which was easy at the angle. I'm not even sure how long this went on it felt like a long time but I don't think it was. 

Dex moved off me and turned to face me, his face was close to mine his eyes glazed over, he leaned in and I kissed him. My first real kiss, the kind I had wanted. Our lips touched, then our tongues explored. After that we were in each others arms kissing, touching wherever we could reach. It was extremely hot and moving. 

We continued holding each other and kissing for awhile, then slowly we ended up with him spooning me, at once I felt his cock poking at my backside. He was rubbing it up and down my crack, kissing my neck holding me tight. He grabbed the lube and I felt him rubbing it on his cock and over my hole, then I felt him pressing his cock against my hole, pushing the tip inside. I felt such pain as he pushed inside, but yet pleasure as well.

"You alright?" he said whispering in my ear.

"Yes, I'm fine. Are you?"

"I have never done anything like this you know, it's awesome how good you feel, your so tight on my cock."

"More, please."

With that he thrust forward and I thrust back into him, before I knew it we were fucking hard and fast, I had rolled over to my knees and his was thrusting hard into my ass. I was stroking my cock furiously trying keep pace with Dex so that we could cum together. 

We changed positions again I on my back my leg draped over his shoulders, he was pushing his cock in and out of my ass, yet tenderly planting kisses on my chest, neck, and lips. It was the most erotic thing that I had ever felt even in my wildest dreams. 

The room was full of the smell of sex, sweat, and the sounds of us groaning together with each stroke of his cock. Again stroking my cock so that we could cum together, his breaths were as ragged as mine, I felt his body go stiff and knew he was about to cum, I looked him in the eye.

"Yes, cum for me."

"I'm cumming."

With final strokes we came together, his deep inside my ass, mine on both our chests. Dex collapsed on top of me, breathing heavily, we held each other for a long while as we came down from our euphoric ride we had just taken together.

"Are you okay with this?"

"The question is Dex are you okay with it?"

"I am, I didn't think I could ever do such a thing. I don't know if this makes me gay or just curious. But I loved being with you Todd I really did. What's more I think I'd like to do it again, but this time I want to you to be inside of me."

"I could think of nothing else that would give me more pleasure than to be with you again. I do know that I am gay, I hope that won't change the way we are as friends, I hope what has happened between us doesn't change that fact either, I am glad that we met and even more glad that we have shared our first times together."

"Nothing that has or will happen will change the fact that we are friends, even sleeping together now or in the future I count us as being the best of friends and lovers."

The rest of the night we held each other making love to each other, he to me and me to him. He seemed to like it as much as I.

After that night we spent as much time as we could together before we both had to head back to school. We kept in touch by phone and on the computer but after six months it got too hard so we decided that I should transfer to UNLV, my parents weren't too happy about me moving out of state but in the end allowed it. 

Dex and I moved into a small apartment together, we are happier I think than we could ever have hoped to have been. We love each other very much and support each others choices, though I know I am gay, Dex has come to realize that he is bi-sexual. I trust him with everything including my heart, we do everything together as a couple and I mean everything.