 I'm eighteen years old.

I'm alone in my room.

I'm naked and I'm bored.

School's out and I'm looking forward to a boring long summer.

So, of course I'm jacking off my six inch cut dick.

Again.

I've shot off two loads already.

Mom and Dad are both gone for the week, taking a well-earned camping trip. I declined. I'm just not into the rugged outdoor roughing it bit any more. Been there, done that!. So I have the house to myself.

I need to find something to do, other than masturbate all day long. My folks wanted to send me off to summer camp. No Way. So I have to find something else. They left me with the task of finding something, perhaps a summer job?

But I'm not really good at much, except jacking off. I laugh to myself as I decide to open the personal section of The List, rather than the job listing section.

I peruse it and see the all the ads for guys trying to hook up with girls, naughty girls looking for a wet quick one, and of course the gay and lesbians looking to meet up.

Then I see it.

A very unusual ad.

ARE YOU MULTI-OGASMIC? WOULD YOU LIKE TO BE PAID TO CUM?

Hell yes!

So despite the fact that it is a M4M ad I read on.

TWO GAY ENTREPRENUARS ARE LOOKING FOR A SPECIAL SUMMER INTERN. WE ARE LOOKING FOR 18-19 YEAR OLD VIRGIN WHO ENJOYS CUMMING AND WOULD ENJGOY HAVING SEX, AND CAN DO SO MULTIPLE TIMES A DAY.

MINIMUM JOB REQUIREMENT IS SOMEONE WHO CAN CUM MORE THAN TWO TIMES IN A ROW.

ANYONE ABLE TO MEET THAT REQUIREMENT WE WILL PAY YOU FOR A JOB INTERVIEW, SUBMIT YOUR JOB APPLICATION AT OUR WEBSITE. WE WILL BE CONDUCTING INTERVIEWS DAILY FOR THE NEXT TWO WEEKS.

They have been conducting interviews since last week when the ad was first placed. They are holding interviews all this week as well, what luck!

VARYING JOBS ARE AVAILABLE BUT THE ULTIMATE SUMMER INTERN JOB WILL PAY FIVE DAYS REGULAR PAY AND THE SIXTH DAY TIME AND HALF, ONE DAY OFF. A WEEK. FREE ROOM AND ALL FOOD AND DRINK PROVIDED. YOU WILL BE LIVING AT OUR HOME/WORK SPACE.

YOUR MUST BE DRUG FREE AND A NON-SMOKER.

I could live with that. They pay me and I live rent free and all the food and drink I want. 

Sweet.

ALL SELECTEES WILL GET AN EMAIL AT NINE PM GIVING THEM THE INTERVIEW LOCATION. GROUP INTERVIEW BEGINS PROMPTLY AT NINE AM. DOORS CLOSE AT NINE.

They list a general description of their location, which is in the City about a 30-minute drive or forty plus on public transportation.

JOB REQUIRES YOU TO BE NAKED. YOU WILL SURRENDER YOUR CLOTHES UPON ARRIVAL FOR THE INTERVEIW. THEY WILL BE RETURNED AFTER THE GROUP INTERVIEW.

What? Huh. Two queers are paying to have hot young guys strut their stuff naked for them. Oh what the hell. They have as much right to get off as anyone else. Could be fun.

JOB INTERVIEW WILL CONSIST OF MASTURBATING AND REPEATEDLY CUMMING TO DEMONSTRATE YOU ARE TRULY MULTI-ORGASMIC.

Wow! They were serious about getting off. They are going to have a room full of naked guys jacking off for them as they watch. Shit, they have a lot of nerve.

But wait, think about this. They are paying to have guys jack themselves off repeatedly. Well, I'm doing that now and not making a dime. So, what the fuck. Might as well get paid for it.

FAILURE TO CUM AT LEAST TWICE MEANS YOU WILL BE ASKED TO LEAVE AND WILL NOT BE PAID FOR ATTENDING THE INTERVIEW. EVERYONE ELSE WILL BE PAID FOR ATTENDING THE INTERVIEW PROCESS. EACH INTERVIEWEE WILL BE ASKED TO LEAVE IF HE FAILS TO SHOOT OFF A CUM LOAD AT LEAST ONCE EACH HOUR.

THE LAST ONE STANDING AND STILL JACKING MAY BE OFFERED THE SUMMER INTERNSHIP.

BREAKFAST AND LUNCH WILL BE PROVIDED. COME EARLY TO AVOID MISSING THE EVENT.

WE ARE IN SEARCH OF SOMEONE WHO CAN TRULY CUM MORE THAN FOUR TIMES DURING AN ONGOING MASTURBATION SESSION.

APPLICATION AT THE WEBSITE, CLICK HERE,

APPLICATION REQUIRES:

STATS, INCLUDING SHOE SIZE.

I find the bit about the shoe size as odd. Oh well... no big deal.

WE ACCEPT ANY RACE SIZE AND SHAPE.

FACE PICTURE AND FULL NUDE FRONT PICTURE. PLEASE NOTE WE WANT SHAVED COCKS AND BALL ONLY, AS WELL AS NO HAIR UNDER THE ARMPITS. YOU DO NOT HAVE TO SHOW YOUR FACE IN THE FULL FRONTAL PICTURE IF YOU WISH.

FULL NUDE BACK PICTURE.

SUBMIT WAIVER ALLOWING US TO FILM THE INTERVIEW FOR OUR USE HOW EVER WE SEE FIT.

Wow! They are serious about this.

So? Do I dare?

Hell yes.

I click the web link and find myself at Ace-in-the-hole Film studios.

The pictures on the site clearly tell me what kind of films they make! This is a recruitment for a job in the porn industry. Wow! That's what they were getting at about the signed waiver. 

This will be made into some kind of porn video! 

Fuck that sound's so hot!

As I read and check out the pictures on the website I realize that they do Lesbian, Gay, Bi and Tranny porn.

Well what about that?

Do I care? Fuck no. Everyone is entitled to getting their rocks off with whoever they want.

Well... never having any I guess sex is sex. I like it what I've experienced so far. Which is just having sex with myself. I real do love to jack off and do it almost whenever I can get the chance. I'm definitely a virgin. I've not even touched or been touched. But, what the fuck, pun acknowledged, as long as there willing to pay me, it all sounds like a fun gig.

I guess I am going to go shave my dick and balls!

I go to the bathroom and find a small scissor and begin to chop off all my curly brown pubic hairs. 

I figure I should get rid of as much of the stuff this way before I use a razor to shave off the rest and get completely smoothed. I finish doing that and then chop off the long hairs around my balls as well. Okay that's stage one. I get in the shower and let the hot steamy water rain down on my bare skin. Take up the razor blade and start to carefully run it along my hanging balls.

This feels weird.

But kind of a mild turn on handling my balls this way. Would be really fun if they had professional barbers who did this for me. That would be real interesting having someone handle my dick and balls and using a razor on them. That would be a turn on.

Once I finish shaving I dry off and apply some lotion to my bare butt, and now bare and smooth cock and balls. Then I go get my phone to take the needed nude selfies.

I fill in the application describing myself. I'm white guy, wavy brown hair and brown eyes, 5' 5 inches, 130 lbs., now, their asking how big is my dick. Hmmmm... when it's all soft and relaxed it's a mere inch stub with my ball sack only the size of a scrunched up quarter. However, when I'm all excited and hard my cock is a slender six inches and about an half inch across, with each individual ball about the size of a quarter hanging down in my sack. I submit the pictures, fill out the form, and then wait. Just go about the rest of my day all excited and wondering.

That night around nine o'clock I get an email inviting me to attend an interview.

Hot damn!

I spend the rest of the night jacking myself off till I'm exhausted and fall to sleep with a mess of cum loads sprayed all over my tummy.

***

I dress in tight black jeans, no underwear, I figure why bother; no socks, my Chuck Taylor high tops, and a black zip hoodie, no tee shirt, again why bother.

I catch the local bus early and arrive at 8:30. Planned it well and caught all the connections.

I sign in, show my ID with proof of my age, that one was important, good thing I got my driver's permit. I sign the waiver about letting them take pictures and a video of me and sign away the rights to all of them as well.

They show me to the locker rooms to store my clothes. I and the few other early birds are in their stripping naked. I check out the competition and see young cute looking guys of all sizes and shapes. Varying cock and balls sizes as well. But one thing I do notice. All are good looking faces and all have round shapely butts. No flat asses here. I think they are sorting us so far by our faces and our butts. 

They have a look that they want.

We are all naked and hanging out in the next room, there are about ten of us in all. As we mill about there are photographers using expensive digital cameras and video cameras recording this event. I should have expected this and I don't think I was the only one who is surprised that this whole thing will be recorded. 

There is food spread out to eat and so we all take advantage of it as the photographers take advantage of our collective nudity.

Oh well.

Then again, it is kind of hot being naked amongst these clothed photographers and the other men running this event. 

I can see that a few other kinds are getting turned on at all this by the fact that their dicks are getting aroused.

Many have been here even earlier then me. White, Black, Asian, Hispanic, tall, thin, round and everything in between. All guys. They must have separate interviews for the les ladies and the trannys. I was right about the butts, everyone is anything but flat, a few with real juicy bubble butts. Some guys are horse hung as well. 

Damn! They have a great spread of coffee, tea, soda, juice, and water, with fruit, pastries, bagels, and stuff to munch on.

When there are a dozen of us in the room and most of us are getting hard ons, a white guy in a pin stripe navy suit and tie announces that doors have closed and the group interview will begin in fifteen minutes. He suggests we take a moment to relieve ourselves now. As we won't be able to once we begin.

He again explains "that the interview consists of us masturbating multiple times, with about a fifteen minute recovery time allowed between each climax. We want you to try and cum in your hands and lick up our own cum loads rather than just shoot it on the floor. You should get used to the taste of cum if you will be working as actors for Ace in the hole studios. Lubes, lotions and oils will be provided in abundance for you. You will have multiple screens to view a variety of our porn for your visual stimulation as you masturbate."

As he explains all of this, I and others start playing with our erections as we listen. 

He notices this and smiles but doesn't miss a beat as he continues to gives his intro talk, "Everyone who can cum at least two times in a row will be offered a job as actors in videos, paid on a per gig basis. We are looking for that someone who can cum four or more times. Bonus pay will be offered for each load shoot off beyond the fourth. So, keep on pumping if you can. Shoot off as many loads as you are able. Oh and those of you playing with yourselves, please refrain from cumming at this point."

A few guys blush and let go of their cocks.

"Don't misunderstand me, go on playing with your lovely young penises, just refrain from cumming."

I just gently run my fingers along my hardness while I listen. 

"Once you have spent your rounds you will be directed back to this room where lunch will be provided and those who make the minimum can sign off on the acting contracts. You will also be paid in cash for your successful interview as well. Those who can't cum even twice, won't be paid. That was the minimum job requirements."

We go off and head back to the locker rooms to shit and/or piss as needed and then we are all herded to the interview room. At this point we all are sporting erections. The camera guys are getting all of this for posterity and that makes us all even harder and more turned on.

It is a big room with even more guys dressed in jeans and slacks with fancy digital cameras and working expensive video cameras as well. They are all over the place. The walls are filled with a dozen or so big gigantic flat screens that are showing the beginnings of porn videos as we walk in. Their on marks on the floor each numbered where we all take our places. We are roughly standing in a row but staggered so that no one of us are in the other's way. We are each sort of alone and easily seen by the cameras. There are tables near and behind us, where we can put whatever lube or lotions we want. 

I stand at my mark and I take a full bottle of oil as it will be the easiest to deal with while I jack. I pour out some oil along my now semi-hard shaft. We're told to let go of our dicks and give them a rest before we begin to seriously and officially start the masturbating.

It's all so weird and so fucking hot. Here I am standing bare ass naked with my erect cock amongst eleven other naked good looking young guys who are also naked and proudly displaying their erections as well. Then we are all surrounded by a half dozen clothed photographers. Then there is about a dozen large flat screens showing all this hot porn, guy on guy, guys with trannys, girl on girl, threesomes and foursomes, guys sucking cocks, getting their cock sucks, guys getting their asses fucked. Oh my I've never seen anything like this.

Amongst the TV screens is a big digital counter. 

I think that's for us to check our own progress. We have to cum and then recover and cum again within the appointed time.

Then it hits me... all of us here will be offered to be the guys acting in those porn videos. We're all going to be paid to have sex and be recorded doing it. 

Wow.

"Okay gentlemen, lube up and start your engines "

We all wrap one of our hands around our erect cock and stand ready to begin.

"Go!"

I start to slowly beat my hot oiled meat. The sounds of hands slapping their meat and moaning fill the room.

This is all fucking hot.

"Now understand, you are all being watched and timed during this time trials. We will be able to tell if any one of you fail to cum after an hour of masturbating."

Oh God... this is all too much... I'm in a room with a dozen naked guys and we are all jerking off for cameras, I look around at all these cute juicy bare asses and hot slick meat getting pounded and I can feel my balls boiling up and ready to spurt out a load already.

Shit.

But, wait, it don't matter. So long as I can keep on cumming. Which I know I can so it's okay if I shoot off one really quick.

Whew... I just remember to hold out my other hand to capture my cum as I begin to spurt out my first hot load into my hand.

Ohhhhh God... it feels good. My hand is covered in white cream. I bring it to my mouth and start to lick my hand clean. The idea of eating my own cum for the first time ever is kind of kinky and it helps me get hard again. I don't touch my cock till I finish licking it all off my hand. Then I oil up my erection and then I begin to start again.

I see that I'm not the only one who needed to shoot off a quick load as I look around and see about half of the guys licking up their loads or in the process of shooting off their first rounds.

This is so fucking hot! My hand just glides up and down my hot oiled six inches and I'm so fucking horny. I feel myself rocking my hips as I work my stiff prick. I notice that by now everyone has shot their first load and is working on their second.

The videos are fucking hot as well. I've never seen a guy fuck another guy and hell it looks so sexy. I can see why we were all chosen for this interview. Though we all have different sizes cocks, our asses are all nice and hot, just like the guys in these porn videos. 

Ahhhh... this is so damn nice... ohhhhh... yessss.

As I look around everyone has a big grin on their faces as we are all enjoying this gig. We're all young horny guys getting paid for wanking off.

Ohhhhhh... God... mmmmmmm... my hand just glides up and down my slick shaft of man this is great. I start to just play with my cut cock head and massage it with just my two fingers and my thumb... mmmm oh yeah... the room is filled with moans, grunts and groans and a variety of music coming from the videos and all of participants. 

"Oh God... I'm coming!" 

"Me too!"

"Hell... yes!"

"Oh Hell," and call out as I can feel me reaching that boiling point. "I'm losing it tooooooo... " 

There I go... I remember to shoot my load in my other hand and just feel my palm filling up with hot creamy ooze.

Ahhhhhh... so nice... 

It seems that once one guy starts to cum, we all get triggered by it and soon we are all shooting our loads, one guy after another.

Then I notice that there are a few guys still working on their second loads, let's see I count three of them. The rest of us are cleaning up after ourselves. We all relax, re-lube, and enjoy our soft flaccid cocks hanging down as we all nod to each other encouragement knowing that we will start our third round soon.

Time is becoming fluid and slipping out of focus... getting lost in the movement of oil hands sliding on oil cocks... and the moaning of pleasure.

I notice that our master of ceremonies is starting to explain something to us.

"... do tell your friends about us. We are always looking for fresh new talent. We want you to consider and tell us in the interview about this masturbation session what kind of work you want to do for us. You can just star in jack off videos if that is all you want to do. Though we encourage you to be open to offering helping hands to your fellow actors as well. Then there is other sex acts. Would you be open to oral? Either getting a blow job and or giving one to another of your fellow actors? And lastly there is anal. Would you enjoy being a top or a bottom or perhaps willing to participate as either. All things to consider... "

Hmmmm... I think I would enjoy having another guys dick in my hand. Yeah and of course having some guy jack me off would be hot!

I start watching this video where a hot Asian guy is with this black football jock with his huge hanging balls and his thick pre-cum leaking black dick. The Asian guy is on his hands and knees in front of the Black guy. The Asian guy is playing with his own cock as he is just using his mouth to lick and suck that dangling juicy black manhood. I'm mesmerized watching this hot vid as I oil up my dick and begin to jack once more. 

I notice that those three guys have been asked to leave and the rest of us are all enrapt in our work and enjoying it all. The porn, the being photographed, the being naked, and the room full of naked good-looking young men spending the day wanking off.

That Asian guy is getting a mouth full of creamy mess from the Black guy and he's struggling to swallow it all. Just as the first black guy is coming to the end of his ejaculation I spot two other naked horse hung black dudes approaching, they've have their hands on each other's meat and slowly wanking each other. The first guy is finish and the other two present their black dicks for the Asian to feast on. The Asian trying to lick up more of the first jizz load as he gets a thick black dick shoved into his mouth.

Wow... this porn is fucking amazing... ohhhhh... I can feel my balls boil... I pour some more oil along its hot length and play with my oiled balls causing my prick to bounce up and down. I hear a few more guys coming and the approach of some of the clothed handlers asking a few more guys to leave.

I think I would be gladly let somebody suck my cock... and... ohhhhh... yeah... I think I might even be up for giving some hottie a blow job as well... ohhhhh... Look at that Black guy pounding that Asian ass... man oh fucking man... they are really going at it. I wonder what it would be like having my cock in all those lovely soft and juicy butts?

Ohhhh God... yeah... imagine slipping my shaft into that tight softness... oh God... yes... I'm starting to spew forth. Ohhhhhhh fuck!

God... Damn... AHHHHHHHH I just hold my hand around my cock head and let myself leak into my fist... UHHHHHHHHHH... man... oh man... oh man... they are paying me to do this... this is my kind of job... whew... I start to come down off the high of cumming.

I take in the room and see that there are only about four of us left still wanking off.
