 INTRODUCTION

It would help to read chapter one to meet the characters but it is not necessary. Cliff had his first experience in chapter one with an older woman but things got a little too kinky for his liking. However that encounter with a woman twice his age changed the way he looked at older women and he had his sights set on his neighbor's mother. In chapter two, Cliff was successful in seducing Steven's mother Clara and they had great sex together. Clara then got offended by Cliff's reference to anal and oral sex. Cliff also met two other hot older women while he was servicing their swimming pools. Cliff is friends with his neighbor Steven even though Steven is a homosexual. The term gay was not commonly used in 1959 and gays then were often referred to as; queers fairies, fags and homos to mention a few names. Now in Chapter 3, Cliff will learn about his bisexuality with his neighbor Steven. As always, all characters are 18 years of age or older.

CLIFF IS SEDUCED BY STEVEN

Cliff worked the new pool installation all week and by the time he got home each day he was dead tired. It was just as well as Clara was still reeling about Cliff's questioning her about oral and anal sex. The week was a good break for them and by the time the weekend rolled around Clara had calmed down and she was horny and thinking about Cliff's cock. Cliff had to work that Saturday so he didn't make it over to the neighbor's pool until Sunday. Cliff and Clara sat by the pool, swam, put some lotion on each other and worked themselves into a state of desire. They went in the house and into Clara's bedroom where they spent the afternoon engaged in vaginal sex. Cliff fucked Clara into submission and filled her pussy four times with his seed. Clara was sexually drained and exhausted by the time Cliff left her and returned to his home. Clara's son Steven returned later Sunday evening from camp and things would be different with him back home. The only opportunity for Clara and Cliff to get together would be when Steven was at skating practice and only if Cliff wasn't working.

Cliff went to work Monday and once again he was dead tired at the end of the day from all the physical labor. Cliff could feel himself muscling up due to all the digging and back filling work. He was already very fit but recently he even felt stronger. On Tuesday the skies opened up and it rained hard all morning. Cliff had reported to work but he was sent home as nothing would be done until Wednesday. Cliff was sitting around the house and thinking about the women he had fucked already this summer. He wished that he had some pools to clean but that was at least two weeks away. He then decided to head over to Steven's house to use the outdoor Jacuzzi since the rain had lightened up. He walked over and knocked on the door. It took Steven a little longer than usual to open the door. 

Steven had been looking at a hardcore magazine picturing homosexuals in many different sexual positions. One of the guys at skating camp had given the magazine to him. He had been lying naked in his bed stroking his cock when he heard the knock at the door. He slipped on a pair of shorts and answered the back door. Steven was surprised to see Cliff but he was also glad to see him.

"Hi Steven, I was wondering if I could use the Jacuzzi? My body is pretty stiff from all the pool work lately," Cliff asked.

"Yeah, sure, heck I'll join you. I didn't realize the rain had let up. Let me get my suit and I'll be right there," Steven replied.

Cliff went out to the pool area and let himself in while Steven went back to his room to put on his Speedo. Steven thought about what Cliff said about his body being stiff from the pool work and he laughed to himself as he thought that he would like to see Cliff stiff. Steven put the magazine away in his room, put on his swim suit and then went out to the Jacuzzi. Cliff was already in the Jacuzzi when Steven arrived.

"It looks like it might rain again," Steven noticed.

"Yeah it's supposed to rain on and off all day but we should be good for awhile. The jacuzzi feels great thanks for letting me use it," Cliff replied.

"No problem, you can use it anytime," Steven offered.

"Hey how was skating camp?"

"Oh it was pretty good. It's a good tune up before I head to college."

"Does the school have a figure skating team?"

"No but there is a club nearby that I will join and I will train with them."

Cliff then closed his eyes and let the jets massage his body. Steven looked at his muscular friend as they both relaxed in the warm water. After a while Cliff sat up on the side of the Jacuzzi as his body was getting too hot. Steven watched as Cliff sat on the side and he looked right at Cliff's crotch. Steven felt his own cock stir just at the thought of seeing the outline of Cliff's cock. Steven then sat on the edge too and he decided to test the water with Cliff.

"Cliff, can I tell you about skating camp but only if you promise not to tell anyone?"

"Sure my lips are sealed."

"Well you know that I'm a homosexual."

"Yes I knew that," Cliff said cautiously as he wondered where this was going.

"Almost all of the guys at camp are homos too. Well I was roomed together with this cute guy named Jeff and we hit it off. We had sex every night in our room as soon as the lights went out."

Cliff looked at Steven curiously and Steven knew that Cliff wanted to ask him what guys did with each other. So Steven answered the unasked question.

"As soon as the lights went out Jeff and I stripped off our underwear and got in bed naked together. First we would 69 and cum in each other's mouth and then we took turns fucking each other. Well somehow the counselors learned about us and one night we were caught. This one counselor Josh turned the lights on just as Jeff was sticking his cock in my ass."

"Holy shit, did you guys get in trouble?"

"Kind of, Josh told us to report to his quarters. What we didn't know was that Josh and the other Counselor Rick were lovers. So we went with Josh to his quarters and when we got there Rick was naked in bed with a hard-on."

"No shit, what happened next?" Cliff asked excited by the story now.

Steven looked at Cliff's crotch and he was pleased when he saw that Cliff had a boner. The outline of Cliff's impressive cock was clearly visible in his Speedo.

"Well Jeff and I were told to take off our clothes and then we were put on all fours and fucked by Josh and Rick. Then after they came in our asses we had to suck them back to hard. Jeff and I were told to lie on our sides and suck each other's cock in a 69 position. Then the counselors fucked us again as Jeff and I sucked each other off. Josh fucked my ass that time as Rick fucked Jeff in the ass. Jeff and I came in each other's mouth before the counselor's came in our ass again."

Cliff looked stunned as Steven shared his camp story. Cliff was also as hard as a rock and his cock threatened to burst through his swim suit. Steven glanced at Cliff's swimsuit and noticed the cock straining against it. Steven decided to tell Cliff more of the story.

"So for the rest of camp Jeff and I would report to the counselor's quarters every night. The four of us had great sex together although Jeff and I never did get to fuck Josh and Rick. However Josh and Rick did suck us off a couple of times."

"That is unbelievable!" Cliff sighed.

"It was wild and a couple of times Josh and Rick would pull out of our asses and shoot cum all over us. They also liked watching us shoot so they would jerk us off until we came. Sometimes Josh and Rick would fuck us missionary style and jerk us off as they fucked us. Jeff and I would shoot and cover our bodies with our own cum and then Rick and Josh would pull out and cum all over us too. It was pretty wild stuff."

"I'll say," Cliff gasped again. 

"Cliff can I ask you a personal question?"

"I guess so but I may not answer it."

"How you ever had sex with another guy? I mean have you ever let a guy suck your cock or have you ever fucked a guy in the ass?"

"Hell no, you know that I'm not a homo."

"Have you ever thought about it?"

"No I haven't. I like women and I get plenty of sex." Cliff snapped.

"Okay I just asked. Do you think that you would ever like to try it? I bet you that I can give you as good a blow job as any girl ever has."

Cliff was lost for words so Steven kept talking. "If you think about it, a mouth is a mouth and an asshole is an asshole. It doesn't make any difference whether it's a man or a woman."

Just then it started to rain again and it came down hard. Steven and Cliff grabbed their clothes and towels and dashed for the house. Once inside Steven invited Cliff up to his room as he wanted to show him something. Cliff followed Steven to the room but he was still wary of what was on Steven's mind. They sat on the side of Steven's bed and Steven pulled out the magazine. He showed it to Cliff and Cliff was shocked to see young men having sex with each other in every imaginable position. Cliff was also surprised to see that the young men were very attractive.

"Where did you get this?" Cliff stammered.

"Jeff brought it to camp. He got it in the city at one of the x-rated places."

Steven noticed that Cliff had another boner so he decided to test Cliff once again. Steven reached for Cliff's cock and ran his hand over it through the bathing suit. Cliff jumped up and starred at Steven.

"Cliff please let me see your cock. If you don't like anything that I do we can stop anytime."

Cliff was confused but he was also hard and he was also horny. He nodded his head in the affirmative and Steven reached for Cliff's swimsuit. Cliff stood by the bed as Steven peeled the Speedo down over Cliff's hips. The impressive organ caught in the waistband of Cliff's suit and then leaped out of his swimsuit and stood straight out from him. Steven stared at it for a moment and then reached for it. Cliff let Steven touch him. Cliff liked the feeling of a hand different from his own on his cock and he closed his eyes as Steven stroked it. Steven slowly stroked the big dick with one hand and cupped Cliff's bloated balls with the other hand. Cliff sighed as Steven's hands moved over the genitals. Cliff closed his eyes as Steven's lips kissed the engorged cock. Cliff's body tensed as Steven's lips moved up and down the shaft and then Cliff gasped as Steven's mouth engulfed Cliff's cock. 

Cliff thought to himself, "Oh my God he is going to blow me."

Steven was a very good cocksucker and in no time he had Cliff ready to blow his load. Cliff tried to prolong his orgasm as long as he could. Steven sat on the edge of the bed and drew Cliff in toward him. Steven caressed the back of Cliff's legs and cheeks of his ass as Steven's warm, wet, wonderful mouth sucked on Cliff's cock. Steven massaged the head of Cliff's cock against the roof of his mouth. He circled Cliff's cock with his tongue and Cliff felt the light scraping of Steven's teeth. Cliff's dick felt harder and longer than it ever felt in his life and he knew he was going to shoot soon.

Steven took Cliff's cock out of his mouth and looked up at him as he stroked the entire length of it and massaged Cliff's bloated balls. Steven then put it back in his mouth and took it out again then he gently blew on it as his fingers continually massaged Cliff's balls. Steven tickled the cock head with his tongue and teased Cliff's pee slit. Steven had Cliff close to cumming a few times. Steven seemed to know when Cliff was getting close, and he would do things making him last longer, torturing Cliff in the process. Steven had been right this was as good a blow job as Cliff had ever had.

Steven looked up at Cliff and smiled as he stroked the slick cock. Then he asked, "Ready to cum Cliff"?

Cliff just nodded as he was speechless. Steven then took Cliff's cock all the way into his warm wet mouth. He swirled his tongue around the length of the shaft, nibbled on the cock head and sucked Cliff hard. Steven reached under Cliff's balls and rubbed the hardness between his balls and anus. Cliff felt his cock thicken and he knew he was going to cum. There was no stopping Cliff this time.

Steven grabbed Cliff's ass cheeks with both hands as Cliff exploded in his mouth. Cliff fired round after round of cum into Steven's mouth and Steven sucked and swallowed as fast as he could. Rope after rope of semen shot into Steven's mouth as Cliff seemed to have an endless supply. Finally the barrage subsided and Cliff stopped cumming in Steven's mouth. Steven sucked on the thick firm cock until he had drained every drop from Cliff's dick.

Cliff felt weak from the intense orgasm so he sat down on the other bed across from Steven. Cliff watched as Steven stood up and lowered his bathing suit to his knees. Steven's 6" boner jumped out and Steven quickly grabbed it in his hand. Steven stroked his own cock as he spoke.

"I need to get off I am so hot!" Steven said in an excited tone.

Cliff watched Steven jerk off. Steven's hand flew rapidly over his hard cock in search of his own release. He then turned slightly just before he came and Cliff watched as Steven ejaculated. Steven shot his load and the first couple of blasts must have traveled five feet before landing on the carpet. Steven seemed to cum for at least 30 seconds as stream after stream shot out of his dick. Cliff watched as Steven's buttocks tightened and then relaxed as he fired his load. Cliff admired Steven's bare ass as it was lily white compared to the well tanned body. Steven had a beautiful ass and Cliff felt his loins stir and his cock harden as he thought what it would be like to fuck Steven's ass. Steven looked over at Cliff and saw that Cliff had another boner. 

"Cliff would you like to fuck me? Would you like to stick your big thick cock in my ass?" Steven asked as he wiggled his shapely ass in Cliff's direction. 

Steven took off his bathing suit and his 6" still erect dick wavered in the air. He knelt on the bed and raised his ass in the air. Cliff looked at him in this position and decided that he looked just like a girl with his smooth hairless body and his great looking bubble butt. Steven reached back and lubed his asshole with lotion. Cliff saw this and then applied a generous amount of lotion to his own cock. Cliff stood behind Steven and stared at the incredible ass that he was about to fuck. He hadn't fucked an ass in weeks. Cliff then spit on his dick making very slippery and eased into Steven's asshole. 

Cliff was gentle with him allowing Steven to adjust to the size of his cock. Soon he was buried to the hilt in Steven's ass and he fucked his neighbor royally. Cliff held on to the pretty twin cheeks of Steven's ass as he fucked him thoroughly. Steven had been butt fucked before but never with a cock this size. He couldn't believe how full he felt with Cliff's enormous dick in his ass. Cliff had the biggest cock that had ever been in Steven's ass. It was bigger than his skating coach, bigger than his teammate's and even bigger than the state trooper who fucked him instead of giving him a speeding ticket.

Steven felt Cliff tense and then fill his ass with cum. Cliff continued to fuck Steven's ass and the jizm backed out of his ass and ran down over Steven's balls. Steven fired a blast of cum onto the bed this time without ever even touching his own cock. Cliff eased his soft cock out of Steven's ass and Steven turned around took it in his mouth and sucked him dry and clean. Not a word was spoken between them as they reflected on what just happened between them. Cliff had just had one of the best blow jobs and ass fucks in his life and it was with a guy. Not just any guy but his neighbor. 

Cliff was the first to break the silence and announced, "I am going to grab a shower."

Cliff then entered the shower without even asking permission. Cliff relaxed under the hot water as he thought of Steven and how good it was to fuck his ass. Cliff loved watching his cock slide in and out of the shapely ass. Cliff then decided that it was no different being with a guy then with a girl when it came to getting a blow job or butt fucking. Cliff felt his loins stir again just thinking of Steven's ass. After the soothing shower, Cliff dried himself off and walked back into the Steven's bedroom. To his surprise Steven was in bed on all fours with his curvy bubble butt stuck up in the air. Cliff felt his cock twinge as he looked at Steven's hot ass. Steven's body was delicate, hairless and flawless. He really did look like a girl in this position.

"Cliff, I would like you to fuck me again," he said in a sultry voice. "You would like to fuck me again wouldn't you?" he asked.

Cliff's cock hardened as he approached the bed. He knelt behind Steven and began to caress Steven's beautiful ass. Steven handed Cliff the lotion and asked Cliff to get his ass ready. Cliff put an ample amount of lotion in his hands and rubbed it all around Steven's bung hole. Then Cliff inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing Steven's ass for another ass fuck. Cliff sawed his fingers in and out of Steven's anus and Cliff was turned on by the thought of burying his cock in Steven's shapely ass one more time. Cliff moved closer to Steven and lined up the head of his cock with Steven's anal opening. Cliff eased his big dick into Steven's ass.

Steven reminded Cliff, "Not too deep at first, then deeper."

Cliff spat on his hand and rubbed his saliva all over his cock which made it very slick when combined with the lotion. Cliff's cock head cleared the sphincter and he fed it to Steven a little at a time. Steven's ass chute was warm and tight as Cliff went deeper and deeper into him. Soon he was all the way in Steven's ass and he started a slow fucking motion. Cliff continued to pump Steven's ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts. Cliff caressed Steven's smooth round ass as he fucked it. Steven asked Cliff to fuck him harder and quicker. So Cliff picked up the pace and he pounded Steven's ass faster and faster. Cliff's balls started bouncing off of Steven's balls and Steven moaned with each thrust of Cliff's cock. Cliff could feel his climax building and he knew that any moment he would shoot his seed in Steven's ass. Cliff tried to make it last as long as possible but once Steven contracted his anal muscles Cliff lost it.

Cliff fired a barrage of cum in Steven's ass filling it to overflowing. Cliff couldn't remember when he came so much. As Cliff continued to fuck, his jizm backed up in Steven's rectum and oozed out flowing over Steven's balls. Steven used his talented anal muscles to milk Cliff's cock and drained it dry. Steven's milking action weakened Cliff and sent tingles through his body. Cliff pulled out of Steven and collapsed on the bed next to him. Steven rolled over on his back and jerked off once again. Cliff watched as Steven stroked his cock. Steven fired another round of spunk into the air. The first blast landed on Steven's face, neck and chest. The remainder of his load landed on his abs and pooled around his pubes. 

Cliff decided that he needed another shower and Steven showered with him. Even though Cliff had nothing left it was still fun to wash Steven's shapely ass and play with it. The two of them dried off, dressed and then Cliff left for his home. Steven thanked him for a marvelous afternoon and said that he hoped they could get together some more. Cliff was bewildered as he walked home. He had clearly crossed the line in more ways than one and he had to decide what to do next. Cliff then thought about Steven's mother Clara. What would she say if she knew that Cliff was fucking her son? Then Cliff thought that he could still fuck Clara and take care of her pussy but when he needed a good blow job or ass fuck he could rely on Steven. It was an arrangement he never anticipated but one that he planned to take advantage of. It was half way through the summer and Cliff had not had sex with any girl his won age but he was clearly enjoying his new found sexuality. 
