 It was the summer after I graduated from high school. Here were two eighteen year olds, my friend Craig and myself, with time on our hands. There were no girls around and we spent time sitting on the floor at Craig's parents' house listening to records.

"God I'm horny," Craig said to me.

I knew exactly how he felt. Craig was always the more forceful of the two of us. I normally followed his lead. Suddenly Craig unzipped his pants and pulled out his cock. Craig had to be seven inches in length and his cock was fat. I just sat there paralyzed. I had seen my friend naked in the shower at school. This was something different. 

"Come on," he urged me. "Pull your cock out."

I am just average in length and thickness. My friend put me to shame. Craig kept nodding at me until I unzipped. There we were, both of us stroking our dicks. I had never done anything like this before. It seemed kind of gay to me. All I know was after a few minutes we were both erect. Craig looked over at and used his head to motion for me.

"Suck on it Todd," he said.

I hesitated. I was interested in females. My friend wanted me to go down on him. He used his free hand to wave me over. I finally got to my knees and came closer. I really didn't want to do this but Craig insisted. I lowered my face and brought my lips to the tip of Craig's erection. Craig put a hand on the back of my head and urged me to take him in my mouth. I surrounded his prick and I went down on him. 

He felt enormous. I was only able to take a couple of inches down. Craig forced me to take more of his fat cock into my mouth. I started to gag some. Somehow I eventually went down to the root. His pubic hair was pushing against my nose. I could feel him shoving his cock down my throat. Craig began to bring his hips up. He was grunting as I gave my friend his first man to man head.

It was hard say how long this all lasted. Craig didn't bother to tell me he was getting close. Suddenly I felt this gusher of cum hitting the roof of my mouth. I wanted to pull off but Craig held my head down. I ended up swallowing most of his ejaculation. When I did pull away, there was his white cum running down my chin.

"Damn, that was hot," He told me.

I wasn't too pleased with Craig cumming without tell me. He knew I was pissed. Craig reached for a box of tissues. He wiped off his cock while I cleaned up my face.

"Don't be mad at me. I'll do you as well."

Sure enough, Craig sucked my dick. I have to admit he got me so worked up. I had trouble holding back. Especially when Craig squeezed my balls. I blasted his mouth with my own load of seed. We both felt wiped out after our little oral fun had ended.

"We better get dressed," he said. "Mom and Dad will be home soon."

I didn't hang around much longer. When I got home, my balls felt drained. I just wanted to rest on my bed. Craig texted me later in the evening.

"We need to get together again soon."

Soon ended up being the next day. I was back at Craig's place once more. This time we undressed each other completely. Craig was more forceful. He told me to get on my hands and knees. I knew what he wanted. I wasn't ready for that. Craig didn't care. He flipped me onto my stomach. He was on top of me now. I felt his rod rubbing up and down my crack.

Craig didn't bother with a condom. He shoved his raw dick into my bottom. Damn, did that hurt. He didn't use any lubrication either. Craig only knew one speed, fast. He pounded my virgin hole as hard as he could. I know I screamed as he broke me in with that fat prick of his. God, it felt like he was reaching up to my stomach. Craig had his hands on my shoulders. He was pulling me back onto his thick shaft. 

I took every inch that he gave to me that day. It got a little easier as we went along. Craig was trying to stretch my hole by circling his member around inside me. It must have been working. Craig draped his chest over my back. He used my bottom that day. He surprised me by squirting another full load into my body.

My ass muscles clamped down hard. I got all of his spunk out of his big pole. We finally collapsed onto his bed. I could still feel his erection pulsating inside my ass. I hate to say it but I enjoyed getting used that way. We ended up fucking those few summer months together. Craig seemed to have endless amounts of cum to give me. I soon forgot about seeking out girls.

When Craig's parents were around, we had to go outdoors. We went out to the woods. I brought along my old sleeping bag and Craig took me that way. I would get on my back and Craig would mount me. He forced his cock into my gaping asshole. We never once used a rubber. Craig said he liked to spray me with his love cream. That was okay by me.

Craig would push my legs onto his shoulders. He went in hard and gave me these deep fucking strokes. I would scream out there in the woods. I think Craig loved to dominate me with his long cock. I lost count of all the loads of cum I took that summer. Time had come for both of us to head to college. I thought I would hear from Craig at holiday breaks. That wouldn't be the case.

It seems Craig went back to women. He found himself a girlfriend at school. He didn't have time for good old Todd any longer. I ended up sticking with men. I took a few male lovers to bed that first semester. I much preferred being a bottom. I even found one guy who had a bigger cock than Craig. His name is Matt and we are spending quite a lot of spare time in bed together.

I even let Matt cum in my ass. There is something about male cum. I just can't get enough of it in my tight bottom.