 Hell I was feeling horny (what else was new) I hadn't had sex for two weeks and I was getting to the desperate stage. I went into a local pick up joint looking for a woman, but it was too early the only people there were a couple of guys, who looked about as desperate as myself the barman and two women who looked more desperate than the guys and would probably end the night as they came,alone.

I decided I'd walk across town to another pub I'd had success in the past, I took the short cut through the park at this time of year it was quite pleasant, in winter it was a dreary place. Halfway through the park I heard rustling in the bushes just off the path and someone whispering, intrigued I moved towards the sound half hoping to find a couple fucking there being a voyeur amongst other things it would have suited me to the ground. I quietly moved closer to where the sounds came from peering through the leaves I saw it was two guys one one his knees sucking on the other guys cock. Normally this wouldn't have appealed to me, not that I was anti gay, but it was women that did it for me. But I was feeling really horny and to be honest with myself the chances of a fuck tonight weren't looking good, the one thing I did admit to myself was watching the two guys was kind of turning me on or at least it was making my cock thicken up. I continued watching from hiding my right hand in my trousers rubbing my now rigid cock, in my imagination the guy was sucking my cock taking it all the way down his throat. I nearly moaned out loud at the thought, the guy being sucked off slowly pulled back exposing his slippery shaft then a large plum coloured glans a very impressive cock indeed. I thought that was all I was going to see but the guy that had been kneeling stood up his own cock exposed and standing proud both guys then rubbed their cocks together a very erotic sight from where I was standing, I had the urge to move and join them as I slowly eased my own cock out of my trousers the restriction of my underwear getting too much.

I continued to watch from hiding as one guy wrapped his hand round both shafts slowly stroking them a whisper from the guy I had watched sucking the other guy and they both turned in my direction.

'There's no need to hide you can come closer'one said 'we don't bite', I felt an idiot as at least one of them knew I had been watching for a while. Well in for a penny in for a pound I stepped towards them, my cock pointing the way. The sight of my hard cock seemed to encourage the one who spoke and he reached for it wrapping his fingers round my glans he pulled me gently closer. I felt more than a little embarrassed having a guy touching my cock but I couldn't say his touch wasn't enjoyable or the touch of the other guys tongue as he knelt down between us. In fact at the first touch of the guys tongue on my cock my legs nearly gave way beneath me as he probed beneath my foreskin, what a sensation of course the gentle stroking by the other guy helped. Previous to today the only touch by a guy had been the furtive experimentation of a group of pre teenage friends as we tried various forms of sexual experimentation. I was looking forward to a little more experimentation myself when the guy stroking my cock stopped what he was doing, a group of teenagers had entered the park, I recognised three of them as local trouble makers. My two new friends quickly adjusted their clothes and moved away from the teens encouraging me to follow their lead, as we moved they informed me the group were known in the gay community for 'gay bashing', I just knew them to be a bunch of 'dickheads' who seemed to be always in trouble.

The rapid evacuation of the park did little for satisfying my sexual urges I didn't look like I was going to get my rocks off that night at all, I imagined I was going to end up at home that night jerking off. However as we exited the park the older of the two guys suggested we go to his place, I had to wonder why he risked getting caught in the park with another guy over a nice relaxing time safely at home. It turned out his home was only two streets back from the park, a rather up market detached house with about a acre of gardens. Once inside he wasted little time in encouraging us to get back to where we were before being so rudely interrupted, my trouble was I had gone back to being a little reserved about the whole thing as my cock was no longer hard and I was thinking above the belt again. However the other two didn't seem to notice this time their clothes were rapidly deposited on the floor of the lounge room and they began to reacquaint themselves with each others bodies particularly each others rapidly growing cocks. Once again my own cock took an interest in the activities and my own clothes were joining the others. This time I could really see both cocks, I was quite fascinated by the way each looked one long thick and cut the dark veins giving it a marble effect the other a little thinner but with a large plum coloured head both guys had large heavy looking balls, for my part I was a little smaller in length but between the two in thickness I was also uncut. Once naked I was encouraged to join in the touching and stroking, after initial trepidation I began to enjoy the feel of the other cocks to me they felt so different to my own they had a velvety texture hot and heavy in my hands as well as very appealing to me.

It didn't take long for me to feel very relaxed at the other guys touch once again one was on his knees sucking my cock, his mouth so different from the occasional girl that had done it for me as his tongue seemed to know all the spots to turn me on the only down side was when he moved away to take the other cock in his mouth. It didn't take long before the guy suggested we move to the bedroom to get more comfortable, who was I to disagree as my legs still had the urge to collapse as my cock was being sucked. In the bedroom there was a king-size bed, ideal for the three of us, here we could all fondle each other in comfort and get into a position where no one need miss out. I found myself looking at a long thick cock the slit in the end slowly oozing pre-cum, I wondered what it would taste like and before I thought too much about it I touched it with the tip of my tongue, the taste was not unpleasant. After tasting I wondered what if felt like to have a cock in my mouth, seeing I was so close to this one I opened my mouth moved closer and engulfed the head, the texture on my tongue was different to anything I had tried before the heat and hardness intriguing I moved to take it a bit deeper but it touched the back of my throat and I felt the urge to wretch, coughing and spluttering I had to pull away.

Okay sucking cock was not as easy as I thought but I could at least stroke cock well so I proceeded to work on the cock that was still in my face while my own was enjoying the greatest blow job I had ever had, I didn't even mind the finger that was inserted in my bum hole its gradual movement making my cock even harder. I was just about to shoot my load when the cock in my hand started to thicken and jump in my hand cum spattering my face a small amount entering my open lips, my tongues natural reflex licked it deeper into my mouth where I found the taste a little salty with a slight after taste I couldn't describe but it wasn't unpleasant, my own load was swallowed with gusto. After a moment or two I sat up and looked at the other two guys the one who had been sucking me still had a hard on expecting relief. Well I could have helped the guy with a hand job or one of my not perfect head jobs instead our host offered himself to be fucked an offer quickly accepted, a quick dab of lubricant and seven inches of cock slid easily past the sphincter muscle. I have to say the thought of someone sliding something that long and thick up my back passage didn't appeal to me but it didn't put me off watching the voyeur in me once again being turned on to the point I wouldn't have minded trying it myself, but that would have to wait for another day. So I slowly dressed before saying goodbye to them both and left heading for home. I'd given up on the idea of looking for a girl.