 If bisexuality offends you stop here, if not read on.

*

I am a forty year old bisexual man and live on a lake in Maine. The home next to me is a summer rental and the occupants change from week to week. These are the stories of my summer rental neighbors. 

I am divorced about five years now and have been exploring my bi side that I have been suppressing as long as I can remember. 

My ex and I had a great sex life and had been very experimental. We were just starting to talk about my curiosities when we split up for other reasons. At the end it seemed that we only got along when we were having sex.

I have had a fair share of sexual encounters with one or more men. My favorite is a threesome with a couple where the guy is bi also.

The last year my ex and I have been hooking up from time to time for some afternoons of hot sex. This story starts during one of these times.

The rental next door was prepped for the upcoming season and I was expecting some new people next week when Leslie, my ex and I were having some fun on my back porch overlooking the lake. It was a nice warm day and we always liked sex in the outdoors.

The view of my neighbors on both sides is blocked enough to offer almost complete privacy. Almost being the important word.

So Les was on her knees in front of me sucking my cock. I was sitting comfortably on a couch legs spread and running my fingers through her long brown hair. 

I thought I heard a car door close but it didn't register and Les was caressing my anus as she was trying to suck my balls out through my cock. She was an avid cock sucker but was not into any form of anal activities. Well, I should clarify that. She seemed to love it when I ate her ass hole but shied away from mine. She had let me fuck her nice tight little ass, but not often enough, but our sex was always so hot I didn't mind.

So there I was with one of my legs up in the air as she was sucking my cock and licking my balls when she traveled farther down and for the first time licked my anus. I was a man in dreamland. That is until I looked to my left and saw a young attractive blonde woman watching us with her jaw dropped. 

She appeared shocked by the sight but stood motionless watching. She raised one of her hands to slip under her top to caress what I thought to be a nice pear sized breast and then pushed her other hand under her short peasant skirt to touch herself between her legs.

All this time Les was so into her ministrations on me that she wasn't aware of the voyeur. 

The blond looked up from Leslies head to find me looking at her as our eyes met. I expected her to bolt as she appeared to be in her early 20's and I thought she would be embarrassed to be caught. 

She kept eye contact with me but stepped to the side to conceal her presence. I could still see her and she could still watch us.

The extra stimulation of being watched added to the new experience of Les' attention to my ass was too much and I grabbed my lovers head and came forcefully all over her hair as she was using one hand to stroke my cock and the other to hold my balls.

Out of breath I pulled Les up to sit by me while I got myself back together. As I was caressing her back down to her fine firm ass I was surprised when she whispered:

"Did you see her? I almost stopped; I was so embarrassed to be doing what I was doing, but in front of a witness..... well it...it made me really hot."

"I saw her too but was so surprised by what you were doing a flying saucer could have landed and I wouldn't have stopped you." Was my reply.

Les playfully slapped my chest and said:" You nasty fucker, you knew she could see me and you didn't stop me!"

"Nasty fucker? Ass licker, cock sucker, cum in your hair." I laughed.

"Is she still watching?" She asked.

I nodded yes and Les said:" Well it's your turn, you better get me off and good, it's Showtime."

When I was younger I always strived to have my love partners cum first. As I got older I realized that I was missing a lot of personal pleasure. If a woman wanted me to get off I just let her and would give her equal or greater pleasure later.

It wasn't until later that I started having sex with male partners that I would relax and enjoy whatever was happening, comfortable in the knowledge that I have great recovery ability and quickly am ready for more.

If a guy was sucking my cock and wanted me to cum in his mouth now, I would relax, enjoy his sucking and seek to give him equal pleasure later. Hard to believe that sucking cock would make me a more complete lover.

But, back to today and Les. I wanted to get her to talk about licking my ass but she was getting that "get me off and now" look.

Taking a quick glance to our watcher and seeing her, I slid down between Leslies' legs, spread them wide and buried my face in her pussy hair. Inhaling deeply I savored her scent. I adore the aroma of a pussy and Leslies is one of the best. Even the next day when she would be so worried she would not be "fresh" I would avidly suck her pussy.

When she isn't aroused her pussy is what I call a high tighter. Her lips retracted and her clit hidden. But when she starts getting aroused and I start sucking them her lips engorge and extend so that I can suck them into my mouth and work them with my tongue. Her clit is the same, usually well hidden it comes out to seek attention. Some women I have known have lips and or clits that are always more visible.

Back between her legs I started licking and kissing her from opening to clit. She was rocking her ass up to meet my mouth letting me know my work was achieving the desired effect. 

As she gets close she always liked me to concentrate on her clit. I slid one finger easily into her cunt and licked her like it was the last one I would ever see. Making love to Les is great for a man's ego, women too I imagine, as she is also bi, she cums so easily, as long as you eat her. She can cum in minutes from oral. I don't think she ever came from fucking but eating, she is wet in moments and orgasmic soon after. 

Wanting to completely satisfy her I would usually drift down to her opening and anus and feast there until her clit wasn't so sensitive, then lick her off again. Being multi-orgasmic she was always grateful.

But today she grabbed me by the ears and kissed me wetly and said:" Not today pussy breath, I have somewhere to be." Jumping up she looked to the voyeur and gave her the OK sign and went to my bath room. 

With cock bobbing I too looked to my watcher and followed Les into the house.

She was in the bathroom with the door open freshening up her snatch. One leg up on the vanity and giving herself a quick splash.

Flexing my cock up and down in front of her "What am I supposed to do with this?"

"You will find somewhere to put it darling, your hand, "Blondie" next door or some guy's mouth, you always do. Remember what you always said, "Never waste a boner". 

Before I could come up with a smart reply she was out the door and off.

Standing there with a boner I wonder, phone for a booty call, hand or see if Blondie needed any help settling in. 

I did only hear one car door...