 Curt knew when he was getting the raw end of a deal, but then again, it seemed he always did when he hung out with Ben. He had been invited to a party by his old friend, Ben. They had been real pals in high school but had gone to different colleges and were no longer close. But they were both back in town for the summer and had looked each other up just to hang out and catch up on old times. They had agreed to go to this local house party just to get wild like the old days. Ben had invited this girl Samantha to the party and intended to set up her and Curt. So Curt had been eager to drive and picked up Ben around nine o'clock.

Now it was almost two in the morning and Curt was a bit pissed off. Ben and Sam - which is what Samantha insisted everyone call her- were drunk as hell and nearly passed out in the back of his car. They had been making out and grabbing each other the whole way to Ben's apartment. Curt felt like such a chump for driving around his old friend and the girl he was supposed to be with while being totally sober and not getting any from anyone. He also decided Ben was still an asshole.

Curt had had some wild experiences with guys and girls at his own school. Each time though it had been under the cover of alcohol or drugs and he never felt any guilt or shame. He figured college was the time to have fun and do whatever he wanted. He had secretly wanted to hook up with Ben but figured that he would be happy with either Sam or Ben. But it looked like he would get neither tonight.

Or maybe not. As they all stumbled into the apartment, Ben fell to the ground and Samantha put her arms around Curt. She smiled and put her tongue into his mouth. They kissed hard and passionately for a good ten minutes and began to fondle each other. Curt decided that the night wouldn't be a total bust. 

Curt was pretty well built. He was kinda tall and had a solid build. He spent a good forty-five minutes on a treadmill every night and had a sensible diet. He shaved all of his body hair off and his lovers seemed to love his smooth, hard body. HIs cock was becoming erect and he pressed it into Sam's inner thigh,

Apparently, Sam wasn't completely drunk. Pretty tipsy but not drunk. She was absolutely gorgeous.  She had short brown hair and dark blue eyes, with breasts that were perky and firm at any time of the day, she almost never wore a bra. With slender thighs and hips that commanded men to ride her from behind, she smiled realizing how hard Curt was becoming. She peeled off her shirt and dropped to her knees.

As Sam opened up Curt's pants, she looked up at his face and he smiled. She looked back at his dick and it sprang right at her. It must have been a full eight and a half inches. And it was easily a few inches thick. As she took it her mouth, she grabbed his dick from the base and slowly rubbed it. Even though it was dark, Sam could see the meaty veins running through his cock. She could feel her pussy getting wet and she took nearly all of it in her mouth. With her nose pressed against his pelvis, she slowly dragged her head back with her teeth barely touching the sides of Curt's member. He groaned in absolute delight.

Right about then Ben started to come to his senses. He looked up and only a few feet away from him he saw Samantha sucking on Curt's dick with her beautiful tits hanging out. Ben cock became hard instantly and he got up and slowly crawled over behind Sam. He looked up at Curt who only glanced at him with his eyes half open. Ben began to tug on Sam's pants, figuring that he might as well help himself if he wanted to get his rocks off tonight.

Sam noticed Ben stripping off her pants and as she ever so slightly shifted her weight to shove him off, Curt grabbed her head and said, "It's ok. Don't stop what your doing."

This surprised the hell out of Ben, especially coming from Curt. But Ben wasn't so dumb as to stop and ask why Curt was helping n him get a little pussy. He decided to dive right in.

Slipping Sam;'s pants down around her ankles, Ben stuck his head between her legs to get a peak of her little box. Ben put his tongue between her ass checks and slid the tip all the way down to the bottom of her love hole. She shuddered and sucked hard on the tip of Curt's dick. He moaned too. After this, Sam didn't put up a fight when Ben tried to spread her legs to get his tongue all the way into her. 

Ben was on his back, munching away on Sam's slippery cunt and Curt could hear the big sloppy licks Ben was planting on Sam. She leaned back and took her mouth off of Curt's cock to put more weight on Ben's face.  Ben's tongue went straight up to the top of her vagina and she shivered with satisfaction. Curt took this as an opportunity to strip off all of his clothes. 

Standing back for a second, he watched Sam squirm on top of Ben's face. Curt could see the bulge in Ben's pants. He was definitely hurting in his jeans as he cock bulged inside of his clothes. Curt decided this was his chance to win all the marbles.

Curt dropped to his knees and grabbed Ben's crotch. He quickly unbuttoned Ben's pants and slid them off of him. Ben started to move around as if wondering what the hell was going on; but Sam was having too much fun. She was moaning loudly now and was near orgasm. This was apparently too much for Ben because he forgot about Curt's possession of his dick and went right back to eating out Sam. Curt knew this would happen. 

Curt opened his mouth and took Ben into his mouth. Ben wasn't nearly as big as he was and he had taken men much bigger than Ben. Ben bucked his hips and rammed his cock deep into Curt's mouth. Curt secretly smiled and sucked hard on his cock. Using his hand to keep him hard, he reached up and grabbed Sam by the back of her shoulder.

He pulled her back and spun her around. Ben and Sam both started to protest, that is until Curt positioned them into a sixty-nine. They both understood what was going on and went back to the mouth jobs. Curt continued using his hands to massage Ben's balls and used his other hand to finger Sam's ass. She bucked her hips invitingly when he put one finger into her. This was exactly the reaction Curt had been hoping for.

Curt hopped to his feet and kneeled with Sam's ass facing his hips. He looked down and saw a peculiar expression on Ben's face, his mouth full of pussy almost protesting what Curt was about to do.

Tough shit for Ben, Curt thought. He shoved his dick way up into Sam's ass and grabbed onto her hips. She yelped and then went beck to sucking and licking Ben. She kept moaning but the dick in her mouth made the sound barely audible over the other moans and all the kin slapping together.

Curt smiled. He could feel his testicles dragging over Ben's face as he fucked Sm in the ass. They were real sweaty and he knew they had that tangy smell on them. He hoped been liked it as he felt a few beads of sweat drip off his nuts and onto Ben's face.

Suddenly, Sam started moaning and began rocking hard. With her rocking she slid Ben's cock into all the way into her mouth and he started to moan as well. Sam let go of it though and started yelling out as Curt fucked her ass and Ben ate her pussy.

In one conclusive orgasmic shudder she collapsed onto Ben. Her sweaty body made a slap as she impacted with Ben's body. Curt pulled out of her ass, not wanting to fuck a girl who wasn't going to be responsive to his thrusts. He looked down a and continued the fuck the way it would naturally progress.

He quickly dipped his dick into Ben's mouth. Ben seemed to try and resist for a second but Curt rolled Sam over and started sucking off Ben, right where Sam had left off. Ben quickly decided he could go along with it. 

They both sucked hard, alternating between sucking the shaft and licking the other's balls. Curt could tell Ben was ready to cum by the way he rhythm was changing. He slipped a finger down between Ben's ass cheeks and felt his index penetrate his anus. Ben quickly tightened up, but Curt pressed harder and it slid all the way up, which made it all that much more intense for Ben. He couldn't take it anymore and let his load go up into Curt's mouth. And Curt took it all. In almost three pulsing waves Curt's mouth was full of sticky sweet cum.

The Ben leaned back and took Curt's penis out of his mouth and relaxed. He had just came intensely and wanted to relish the feeling. He smiled and lay there on his back. He was happy when curt turned around and leaned over to Ben. He decided a thank you was in order.

"Wow, man, thanks. I have never had such a powerful fuck. Thank you."

Curt smiled at Ben then quickly opened his mouth and let Ben's load fall onto his own face. "Maybe you don't want to thank me just yet."

Clearly, this had surprised Ben. But was een more surprising was when Curt dropped to his knees and pulled Ben's legs over his shoulders. Curt pulled his ass cheeks apart pressed his dick against Ben's asshole. With his hands on Ben's hips, Curt forced his way into Ben's ass.

"Oh fuck, Curt! What are you doing?!? I can't take you! I..I've never done this before."

"Well, first time for everything."

Curt started fucking him in the ass. Pressing his weight into Ben he got his dick all the way inside of Ben. Ben was moaning and yelling, and squirming so much Curt didn't think he would last more than a few minutes. He quickly grabbed Ben's dick and started jacking him off. Ben started to shut up and he closed his eyes and leaned his head back.

As Curt neared orgasm, he let Ben's legs fall to the side and he leaned forward to the point where they were face to face. Curt shoved his tongue into his mouth and he could taste the cum all over Ben's face. Still jacking Ben off, they were moaning and shuddering. They Curt blew his load all the way up Ben's ass and Ben blew his off onto his own stomach. Ben was covered in sperm. His face, his chest and stomach and it was also dripping out his ass and onto his thighs. Ben looked like the cum slut he really was. It was a picture perfect moment to Curt.

Curt took one last look at Ben and Sam passed out on the carpet. He decided the night had worked out well after all. He had had some incredible sex and had gotten even with Ben for being such an asshole. 

No, he decided, he wouldn't be even until the pictures were developed. He ran out to his car to get another roll of film before Ben would wake up.