 Lee heard the front door closing and then the sound of Bill's dad walking through the empty house to the door onto the patio.

Lee was lying in the sun on his belly, fully nude with his plump ass on view. He was pretending to be asleep but he opened his eyes a tiny sliver. Bill's dad was standing in the doorway looking at him. As he watched, he came forward silently and stood over him. Lee knew that he was taking a good long look at his butt.

"Hey, Lee, wake up." Bill's dad said, touching him on the shoulder.

Lee started as though he was surprised and then looked up.

"Oh, Hi Mr. Wilson. I must have dozed off."

He started to rise and then looked over his shoulder at his own bare ass

"Sorry to be lying here with my ass out. I was trying to get rid of my tan lines." he said.

"You should keep the lines. They look good, they look sexy." Mr. Wilson replied.

Mr. Wilson walked over to the edge of the pool and knelt down and paddled at the water with one hand. He was behind Lee and Lee knew that he had a prime view up between his prone legs and ass crack. He pretended to yawn and moved his legs so that his ass was spread a little wider.

"Where's Bill?" Mr. Wilson asked.

"We heard Mr. Bevin next door doing yard work all afternoon so Bill took him a cold drink and a snack a while ago. I guess they got to talking."

Mr. Wilson rose from the edge of the pool and walked over to stand at the foot of the lounge that Lee was sprawled on. Just then, the gate to Mr. Bevin's yard opened and Bill walked through. Mr. Wilson walked around to the side of the chaise and stood waiting for Bill to join him. From where he lay, Lee could see that the crotch of Mr. Wilson's dress pants were packed full and straining from the pressure of a semi-hard cock.

Bill came over and said, "I win our bet."

"What bet is that?" his father asked.

"Lee bet me that Mr. Bevin didn't like to eat wieners but he does. In fact, he swallowed it down like he was starving."

"That was a nice thing for you to do." his father replied. "Everybody enjoys a good wiener."

"You're right." Lee said. "I just didn't think he was a meat eater, for some reason."

He and Bill smiled at each other and Lee stole another glance at Mr. Wilson's crotch. Things had shrunk back to normal and weren't nearly so prominent there.

"How about we order some pizzas?" Mr. Wilson said. "It's too hot to cook."

"Sure, if we can get Sleeping Beauty to put some pants on so we don't have to look at his butt while we eat." Bill said.

Lee climbed up off of the lounge and Bill could see his dad check out his cock and balls. Then, Lee went to where his suit lay on the edge of the pool and squatted down, seeming to work at the drawstring in the waist. From where Bill and his father stood, Lee's hairless crack was spread wide open and his tiny puckered ass hole was on plain view, as was the back of his loose ball sack. He finished what he'd been doing, then stood up and with his back still turned, he bent at the waist and began to put on the suit. Bending forward afforded a new and different view of his open ass crack and the tight opening in its middle. Bill glanced down at his father's crotch. It was even more prominent than it had been a few minutes ago, standing out in a raised mound.

"You guys phone in the pizza order while I go change into something cooler." Bill's dad said. "And Lee, if your dad is home yet, invite him over too."

When Bill's dad had gone inside, Lee turned to Bill and said, "Did you see that wood he got looking at my ass? This might be easier than I thought."

"He couldn't take his eyes off of your butt the whole time. I'm surprised he didn't shoot a load in his pants."

"So how did it go with Bevin?" Lee asked.

"He was hot to go. You could have looked over the fence and seen it all, we were doing a 69 right on his patio."

"And he sucked your cock?"

"He did. He's not real good at it but we can teach him. And he swallowed my load, which I never expected. He really got into it."

"I'm jealous." Lee said. "And you owe me a blowjob."

"Let's call for pizza before we do anything else." Bill said.

Bill went indoors to place the order and Lee went next door to check if his father was home. He was just coming in the door and Lee told him about the dinner invitation.

"Grab a bunch of drinks from the refrigerator and take them next door. I'll be right over as soon as I change into some cooler clothes." his dad said. 

Lee carried a couple of loads over to Bill's kitchen and he and Bill were putting them in the cooler when Bill's dad came back into the room.

He was 43, the same age as Lee's dad. Lee's dad was a runner, doing at least 5 miles a morning but Bill's dad preferred a gym workout. He was solidly built with a thin waist and well defined biceps. He had changed into a loose tank top and a pair of thin sweat pants. The curly hair covering his chest sprung out of the shirt and his broad muscular shoulders had a fine dusting of hair, too. The loose pants he was wearing did nothing to hide the fact that he's foregone any underwear and his thick cock and balls hung down one leg.

"My dad will be over in a minute." Lee said. "He wanted to change, too."

Bill's dad walked over to the fridge and bent over to look inside. The thin pants he was wearing were molded to his ass, defining the muscular cheeks and the deep crack. Lee looked at Bill and made a licking motion with his tongue.

"Am I too late to get some pizza?" Lee's dad asked, coming in through the door.

They all turned to look at him. He had changed into the shorts and top he'd run in that morning, sheer nylon shorts that had an open seam on each side. When he moved, the seam fluttered open exposing the taut sides of his hard butt and the straps of the jock he wore underneath. The t-shirt was a loose cut mesh and the muscular shadow of his chest and belly was clearly visible. He'd been a runner for years and it was clearly evident-there wasn't an extra ounce of fat on his body which made his plush ass just that much more noticeable.

Bill suddenly remembered something that his father had said. 

Earlier that month, one Saturday morning after breakfast, his father had been looking out the front window and said, "There goes Lee's dad off for his morning run."

He had watched him for a few moments and then said, "He sure does like those skimpy little shorts he wears."

"I guess he's proud that he's in such good shape" Bill said.

His father had watched for a few moments more and finally said, "Yeah, I guess if I had an ass that looked like that I'd want to show it off, too."

Now Lee's dad was standing in their kitchen in those same skimpy shorts.

"Robert." Lee's dad said.

"Gary." Bill's dad replied.

There was some kind of tension in the air, like two big cats appraising each other.

"Grab yourself a beer, since you supplied them." Bill's dad told him. "And grab one for me, too, while you're at it."

Gary walked over to the fridge and opened the door. He bent down to get the beers, his back to the room. His skimpy shorts rode up over his full lush buns, exposing the bottom half of each and the tight strap of his jock in the deep crease under each globe.

Bill's dad's eyes were riveted on the gorgeous butt.

Bill and Lee exchanged a smile and Lee said, "How about a beer for me and Bill, too."

The doorbell rang and Bill said, "That's our pizzas. I'll go."

As he walked past his dad who was leaning against the counter, he couldn't help but notice that there was a thickness filling the crotch of his pants that hadn't been there before.

Bill was still dressed in only his Speedo and he had to laugh at the look on the face of the delivery guy when he opened the door.

The pizza guy was in his late 50's, a wiry looking little guy with thinning hair and a mustache.

"My, that's an eye catching outfit." he said.

Bill purposely adjusted his cock in the suit with one hand and said, "I'm glad you like it."

The pizza guy handed over the boxes and took the money for them, and then he said, "You know, you're eligible for our special customer appreciation bonus if I can come in for a few minutes."

"That might be a problem; my dad and the neighbors are here."

The pizza guy looked disappointed and turned to go.

"However, I'm going to be here all day while my dad's at work tomorrow. My friend Lee will be here, too, and since he's going to be sharing the pizza maybe he's eligible for the bonus, too."

The pizza guy scribbled down a number on his pad and tucked the paper into the top of Bill's trunks.

"Just give me a call anytime tomorrow and I'll come over and show you both how much I appreciate your order." he said.

Bill closed the door and carried the pizzas into the kitchen. The two fathers were standing side by side talking and Bill couldn't help but reflect on what a hot pair of men they were.

They carried the pizzas out onto the patio and they all sat down and ate. Gary and Robert, the two dads, kept glancing at each other when they thought the other wasn't looking, and then looked embarrassed when they caught each other.

Bill's dad said, "How about another round of beers?" and got up to get them.

"I'll help you carry them." Bill said, also rising.

When they got into the kitchen, Bill asked, "Are you freeballing under those sweats?"

"Yeah, it's too hot for underwear. Why?"

"Lee's dad keeps looking at your junk flopping around. I think he's jealous."

Bill's dad laughed and replied, "Well, he's welcome to look. If he tries anything, I'm relying on you to save me."

Out on the patio, Lee and his dad were having a similar conversation.

"Jesus, dad, those shorts are like you're not wearing anything at all."

"They're the coolest ones I own. What's wrong with them?"

"You look like a go-go boy at a gay bar in them. Bill's dad has been ogling your ass all evening."

"I don't think so." Lee's dad said. "He's probably just wishing he had something this light and cool to wear. He doesn't look like the ass raping kind."

The evening progressed, the pizzas and beers were consumed and conversation flowed. Robert and Gary continued to give each other covert looks and the son's took notice. 

At one point, Gary got up to get himself another beer. As he passed by Robert, Robert hooked his finger in the strap of Gary's jock, pulled it out and let it snap against Gary's ass and said, "Get me one while you're at it, babe." 

Gary looked startled but nothing was said.

Finally, the evening wound down and it was time for Lee and Gary to go home. 

Bill walked over with them while his dad cleaned up the garbage from the meal and after Gary had gone indoors Lee said. "Did you see how they were scoping each other out? They both practically had drool running down their chins."

"This whole idea for the summer project just got a lot more interesting." Bill replied. 

* * * * * *

That was on Wednesday. 

In the next few days, Bill noticed his father watching out the front window each morning to see Gary go off on his morning run. Gary seemed a lot more attentive, too, making a point to drop by the pool in the evening to say hello and generally shoot the shit. There was an unspecified cloud of tension over both houses.

On Friday evening, Lee came over after both fathers had returned from work.

"My dad suggested that we all go to the burger place for dinner tonight. Are you interested?"

"Sure." Robert replied. "Ready when you are. Tell him I'll drive."

They met up in the front drive and all climbed into Robert's SUV. During the drive, the boys talked about inconsequential stuff, the father's didn't seem to have much to say.

The burger joint was only a short drive away. It was an old-fashioned restaurant with booths and a jukebox that sold a dozen different burgers, malts and beer or cocktails. When they entered the booth, the boys sat on one side and the father's on the other.

The waitress, a motherly older lady, came and took each order. The father's both ordered a gin and tonic and the waitress turned to the boys and asked, "What will you two have?"

"Our boys are only 19, so nothing alcoholic." Gary said.

The waitress finished the order with a soda for each boy and as she left the booth she said, "You all make a lovely family."

"I wonder how she could tell which son was with which father?" Robert said.

"Duh, dad." Bill replied. "You said 'our sons'. She thinks you two are a couple and we're both your kids."

Robert and Gary both looked embarrassed.

"We can set her straight when she brings the food." Gary said.

"Nah, leave it." Robert said. "I don't mind if you don't mind. Maybe they give a gay family discount or something."

They all laughed and suddenly everyone seemed to relax and conversation flowed.

The food arrived and was made short work of and both fathers each had another drink.

After paying the bill, they walked out to the auto and Bill put out his hand.

"I'm driving and you two are riding in the back. No drinking and driving."

Robert started to disagree, and then handed over the keys. Robert and Gary climbed in the back seat and during the trip home the boys in the front could hear them discussing their jobs in low tones.

When they got home, the oppressive heat hit them as soon as they left the vehicle and opening the door to Bill's house proved that it was just as hot indoors and stuffy besides.

Bill slid the doors open onto the pool and said, "Okay, time to cool off. Everybody in the pool!"

"I didn't bring a suit." Gary said.

"No problem, we'll all skinny dip." Lee said. "We've all seen naked guys before."

Bill and Lee wriggled out of their clothes and jumped into the pool with a huge splash. When they surfaced, Robert and Gary were still standing on the edge.

"Come on, you old farts! What are you waiting for?" Bill shouted.

Robert and Gary looked at each other and Robert said, "Oh, what the hell."

"I will if you will." Gary replied.

They both began shedding their clothes and dropping them on the pool deck. Bill noticed that Gary kept his back turned to Robert while he undressed and that Robert kept his eyes on Gary's ass. When they were both nude, Gary turned around and got his first glimpse of the massive meat hanging from Robert's crotch.

Lee heard his father say, "Wow!" as he jumped into the pool and as Lee and Bill watched his father balance on the pool edge and then jump in, they both looked at each other and mouthed "Wow!" also.

The cool water counteracted the alcohol drunk earlier and the boys and their fathers splashed and swam. 

Bill noticed that his father stared each time Gary swam by, the water sluicing over his body and his magnificent buns standing above the surface.

After 15 minutes or so, Gary climbed onto one of the floating mattresses and lay down on his stomach. If there had been any doubt that he had a world class ass, it disappeared. Robert couldn't take his eyes off of him.

The boys floated into the corner of the pool and watched their dads. The mattress that Gary was lying on had drifted into the opposite corner and Robert stood in the water up to mid chest beside it. He and Gary were carrying on a conversation but their voices were too low and they were too far away for the boys to eavesdrop. 

"I feel like the third or fourth wheel." Lee said.

"Let's get out of here." Bill replied.

"Hey, dad, we're going to go watch a movie." Lee called. 

His father just made a waving motion and the two nude boys moved over to the edge and climbed out of the pool. The fathers seemed unaware.

"Jeeze, they didn't even look at us. They've got two hot young boys running around naked and they'd rather talk to each other about some boring shit." Lee said.

* * * * * * 

In the corner of the pool, Gary asked Robert, "How come you never married again?"

"I thought about it." Robert replied. "I dated a few times but there just seemed to be something missing, none of the women really interested me."

"I know that feeling."

"What about you, your wife is never there anymore. What's up with that?"

"That's done." Gary said. "I haven't told Lee yet, I've been putting it off. We signed the papers and got a no fault divorce. It was final 2 months ago. I was hoping she'd get in touch with Lee so we could tell him together but she's so wrapped up in her new stud that we don't even register."

"That's really rough. Did she soak you?"

"She got more than half of everything. I was so happy that she wanted to go through with it that I'd probably have agreed to anything."

"So here we are, two bachelors on a Friday night and neither one of us have a date."

"Don't wish another woman on me!" Gary said.

The mattress started drifting and Robert put his hand on the small of Gary's back to steady him. He was acutely conscious of the full, plush ass inches from his fingers and he felt his cock starting to grow.

"Well, the boys are both happy. They just accept that they're gay and don't worry about it. I really envy them for that. Have you ever been with another guy?" Robert said.

"Believe me, the thought has crossed my mind but I wouldn't know how to even go about it. Besides, who'd want an old guy like me?"

"You? You're really hot; you've got a great body. I've thought about it, too but I look like a big moose, I'd scare any guy away that I was ever attracted to."

"Fuck that, I bet you could have any guy you wanted."

"You really think that?"

"I can practically guarantee it. I saw what you're packing on top of being good looking and built. A guy would have to be crazy to turn you down."

"Having a big dick isn't really that great. I've scared a couple of women off when they got a look at it; they didn't want anything to do with it."

"See, that's another difference between men and women. A guy appreciates a big dick but a woman only appreciates a big bank account."

"That's nothing but the truth. Hey, do you feel like some wine? I've got a couple of really good bottles of chardonnay inside."

"That sounds like just what I need." Gary said.

"Come on, let's break one open." Robert replied. 

He hated having to take his hand off of Gary's waist.

Gary slithered off of the mattress and into the water. Robert had been treated to the sight of his gorgeous ass opening as his plush buns parted and his cock had jolted back to life again. As Gary moved past him to exit the pool, his cock head accidentally grazed Gary's butt. Seeing Gary climb the steps out of the pool, his delicious ass flexing, did nothing to dampen his hardness.

"That talk got me a little excited." Gary said, trying to hide his own erection behind his hands.

Robert moved over to the stairs and began to climb out also. As he came up the steps Gary could see his huge cock was also erect. He had at least nine inches of meat, big enough around that a man's hand couldn't close around the shaft. The head was perfectly proportioned to the shaft so that it all looked like a solid piece. Gary looked up into his eyes.

"I guess I got a little excited, too." Robert said.

"'Little' is not a word I'd ever use in a sentence about that guy." he said. 

He dropped his hands from in front of him. His cock was standing straight up at about seven inches, the shaft thicker than the head so that it had a sleek, smooth look to it.

"That's pretty impressive; too, you've got nothing to hide."

Gary turned and headed into the kitchen, Robert following. He couldn't take his eyes off of Gary's magnificent ass as it moved with each step.

Robert and Gary went to the counter and Robert opened the wine.

"Would you grab some wine glasses out of the cabinet down below?" Robert asked.

Gary turned and bent to the cabinet, his beautiful ass cheeks slightly parting so that Robert could see he was totally hairless. He stood and put the glasses on the counter.
