 Bill and Lee were bored. The lifelong best friends, next door neighbors and occasional fuck buddies had just completed their first year of college and today was the first day of summer break. 

The two 19 year olds had spent the morning swimming in the pool behind Bill's house and now they were lying in the sun, working on their tans, dressed only in matching green speedos. They were both the stereotypical California boy with long limbs, thin waists, sun bleached hair and perfect smiles. Their cocks were the same size, too, right at seven inches. They also had both known that they were gay since infanthood and growing up with a gay best friend right next door had made the usual ordeal almost painless.

"We could go to the mall." Lee said.

"And hang out with a bunch of lame high school kids?"

"How about a movie?"

"There's nothing but shit playing."

"We could fuck." Lee suggested.

Bill rolled his eyes. "We need to think up something different. Something exciting. This is only our first day off and already I'm fed up."

The neighborhood was quiet, Bill's dad at work, Lee's dad at work and Lee's mom off on one of her endless "business trips." Lee wasn't supposed to know but his mom had a guy that she spent her time with, an arrangement his dad seemed to approve of. Bill's mom had died several years earlier of breast cancer. 

The neighborhood was quiet, that is, except for the neighbor on the other side of Bill's house. Mr. Bevin was a firefighter who worked 14 day shifts on and 14 day shifts off. He was obviously off today because he'd been running his lawn mower for the past couple of hours.

"What do you think of Mr. Bevin?" Bill asked.

"He's okay. How do you mean?"

"Do you think he's hot?"

"Not what I'd call hot. He'd be a lot better if he lost about 20 pounds."

"Would you let him fuck you?" Bill asked.

"It would depend on his dick. If he has a nice dick I probably would."

"Good, I always thought he's kind of hot. Let's seduce him."

"You're crazy. He's as old as our dads. He probably doesn't have a clue."

"I'll bet you're wrong." Bill replied.

He jumped up and walked over to the fence that divided the yards and stuck his head over.

"Hey, Mr. Bevin!" he called. "I've got some ice cold tea in the fridge if you're interested. Come on over and get some, it's too hot to keep mowing."

"That sounds really good! I'll be right over." Lee heard Mr. Bevin reply.

Bill came back to where Lee stood and said, "Turn around."

Lee did so and Bill grabbed the waist band of his speedo and pulled it half way down his butt.

"We need to show him some crack and see if he's interested." Bill said. "You entertain him while I get the tea."

Bill went into the kitchen and a moment later, Lee heard the gate between the two properties opening. Mr. Bevin walked through and said, "Oh, hi, Lee. I didn't know you were here, too."

Lee looked Mr. Bevin over. He was in his early 40's, the same age as his dad. Mr. Bevin looked pretty fit with just the beginning of a belly but otherwise in great shape. He had olive skin and black hair, very Latin looking. He had broad shoulders and well defined arms. He was wearing an old pair of shorts and a t-shirt and they were both drenched with sweat. The t-shirt clung to his body and defined his muscular chest and the wet shorts showed a nice bulge at the crotch.

"Come on over and have a seat." Lee said.

He turned his back and walked over to the shady side of the patio, then looked over his shoulder. Mr. Bevin's eyes were glued to his butt and when Lee turned around, Mr. Bevin looked down at the ground.

Just then, Bill walked out carrying a tray with a pitcher of tea and glasses. Also on the tray was an icy bottle of Stoli and 3 shot glasses.

"Here's the tea" he said, "and a bonus. We keep the Stoli in the freezer so it's ice cold."

Mr. Bevin had sat down at the table and when Bill put the tray down, he saw him steal a glance at the well packed crotch of his suit.

He poured a glass of tea for each of them and then a shot of liquor each. He and Lee took seats facing Mr. Bevin, away from the table so that they were on full view.

Mr. Bevin downed his shot of vodka and waited for the boys to do likewise before picking up his tea. He looked them both up and down, his gaze lingering on their long legs, their hairless chests and their bulging crotches.

"You boys sure have grown." he said. "What grade are you in, now?"

"We both just did our first year of college." Lee replied.

"Ah, college." Mr. Bevin said. "I remember my first year. I got more pussy than I ever had in my life. I bet two good looking boys like you don't have any problems getting laid."

"We do okay, I guess." Bill replied. "But you can't complain, you're married; you've got a steady supply."

"Ha! Let me give you guys some advice. Put off getting married for as long as possible. That bitch I'm married to acts like her pussy has a limited use label on it. I'm lucky if I get to fuck her on my birthday and Christmas and then she acts like she's doing me a favor. I haven't had a regular lay since I married her."

Bill looked at Lee and they both smiled, then Bill poured them each another shot of vodka.

"Here's to changing your luck." Bill said, toasting, and they all chugged their shot.

"It's hotter than a bitch, today." Mr. Bevin said.

"Let's get in the pool, then, and cool you off." Lee replied and he and Bill both ran to the edge and jumped in.

When they surfaced, Mr. Bevin was standing at the pool's edge.

"I don't have my suit." he said.

Bill and Lee reached under the water and they both came up with their suits in their hands.

"We're all boys, we can skinny dip." Lee said and they both threw their trunks to the opposite side of the pool.

"Okay, if you think it's alright." Mr. Bevin said.

"We do it all the time, no one can see." Bill said.

Mr. Bevin stood at the edge for a moment, and then he skinned his t-shirt up over his head. His well muscled chest was covered with dark hair and more covered his belly and disappeared into his shorts.

"Very nice." Lee whispered.

Mr. Bevin unbuttoned his shorts and let them drop. He was wearing a skimpy pair of briefs and he bent over and pulled them down, then stood back up. His cock was a fat one, hanging down 4 or 5 inches over a big hairy ball sack.

"Now that looks promising." Bill whispered back.

Mr. Bevin dove into the pool and came up beside Bill and Lee.

"Damn, this feels good. You boys know how to make an old guy feel great." he said.

"That's the idea. You're only as old as you feel and I bet you feel really good." Bill said.

He splashed water at Lee and soon there was a full fledged water fight underway. While Lee and Mr. Bevin splashed, Bill dove underwater to check out the equipment. Mr. Bevin's cock and balls floated in front of him, swaying with the currents. Bill swam over to him and slipped between his legs, surfacing behind him. He wrapped his arms around him, his chest against his back and his cock against Mr. Bevin's hairy ass cheeks.

"Get him." he told Lee and Lee splashed them both till they begged for mercy. 

Then Lee sank underwater and when Bill released Mr. Bevin, Lee surfaced in front of him. He hooked his heels over Mr. Bevin's shoulder and floated in front of him on his back. Both Bill and Lee had nice sized cocks, around 7 inches when erect. Lee's cock was well on the way to hardness and they both saw Mr. Bevin check out the meat floating in front of him. Bill swam back so that he was behind Mr. Bevin again and looked over his shoulder, his own half hard dick resting against Mr. Bevin's ass crack.

"You're getting a hard on, you pervert." he said to Lee.

"It's the water and the sun." Lee replied. "You're probably getting hard yourself."

Mr. Bevin was looking uncomfortable so Lee swam over to the edge of the pool and climbed out. Bill saw Mr. Bevin watching him, his eyes glued to Lee's ass as clambered out of the pool. Bill swam over and climbed out and sat on the edge beside Lee. Both of them now had fully hard cocks standing up from their laps. Mr. Bevin floated over and stood in the water in front of them.

Bill looked down into the pool and said, "Mr. Bevin, it looks like your cock is hard, too."

"Yeah, the water and the sun." he said.

"Well, there's nothing to be embarrassed about. It happens all the time when we skinny dip. Come on up here and sit by us."

Mr. Bevin hesitated, then climbed out of the pool and sat between Bill and Lee. His erection was bigger and thicker than either of the boys', at least nine inches of dusky meat. Thick veins ran under the taut skin and a broad flange flared out from the fat head. His big ball sack, just as dark complected, cradled a pair of fat nuts.

"You've got a really big cock." Lee said. "How big is it?"

"It was around 9 inches the last time I measured." Mr. Bevin said. "My bitch wife says it's too long and too fat to fuck her with."

"She's crazy." Bill said. "I bet there are plenty of people, women and men both, who'd do anything to take a ride on that big boy."

Mr. Bevin smiled and said, "Yeah, but I don't know any of them."

"Let's have another shot." Lee said and jumped up. He walked over to the table and Bill and Mr. Bevin rose to follow him, their hard cocks swaying in front of them. 

They all downed their shots and then Bill said, "Hey, I know a game we can play."

"What's the game?" Mr. Bevin asked.

"It's kind of a guessing game. Lay down on the chaise." he replied.

Mr. Bevin lay down, looking sort of dubious but with his big erection still standing tall.

"Okay, Lee is going to cover your eyes and then we'll start the game."

Lee went around to the head of the chaise and used his hands to cover Mr. Bevin's eyes and Bill went into the kitchen. When he came out he carried a small can of shortening. He pried the lid off, scooped up several fingers worth and worked it up his ass hole. 

He straddled Mr. Bevin's hips on the chaise and then he asked, "Are you ready to start the game?"

"Go for it." Mr. Bevin replied.

Bill reached down between his legs, grasped Mr. Bevin's big cock so that it stood upright and lowered his ass hole onto it, all in a matter of seconds. 

Mr. Bevin's whole body bucked as he tried to get up but Bill's weight kept him pinned to the chaise. 

Lee removed his hands from his eyes and Bill said, "Okay, guess where your cock is."

Mr. Bevin said, "Let me up. You can't do this. What are you boys thinking?"

"I'm thinking your cock feels pretty good and you should relax." Bill said. "Doesn't it feel good inside of my ass?"

"That's not the point. What if your father finds out? What if my wife finds out, for that matter?"

"Nobody's ever going to know but us." Bill said. "You know you want to fuck my ass."

"And mine, too." Lee said.

Mr. Bevin lay on the chaise as Bill moved his ass around causing the hard cock inside of him to rub against his ass walls.

"You boys are both legal, right? And no one will ever know?"

"Right on both counts." Lee said. "Now, come on and fuck us."

Mr. Bevin thought for a moment and then seemed to relax.

"You are both a couple of hot little fuckers and I've got to admit it crossed my mind that I'd like to stick my dick in your asses."

"And now you are." Bill said. 

He started to ride up and down Mr. Bevin's big fuck stick, his cock bouncing in front of him.

"You need to try this." Bill said to Lee. "It's the perfect size for ass fucking."

Lee grabbed the can of lube and greased his hole as Bill eased his ass hole off of the fat dick. Then, Lee took his place and said to Mr. Bevin, "Hold it up so I can sit on it."

Mr. Bevin held his cock by the base and watched as Lee's tight hole gobbled up his cock.

"Goddamn, that feels good." Lee said. "I bet you're a dynamite fucker."

He rode up and down on the hard dick while Mr. Bevin laid back and watched. In the meantime, Bill pulled the big double chaise out of the corner and then pulled the big foam float out of the pool. He laid the float crossways on the chaise and said, "Okay, Lee, let him up."

Lee eased his tight hole off of the big glistening dick, which looked even bigger, and came over to where Bill stood. Bill laid face down on the double chaise with the float under his hips so that his ass was in the air, open and exposed. Lee, understanding, lay down beside him in the same position. 

"Okay, Mr. Bevin, you've got two hungry fuck holes waiting for you and they both need some of that big dick." Bill said.

Mr. Bevin rose from his lounge and walked over to where the two boys lay. His cock was standing straight up against his belly and clear fluid was leaking out of his piss hole. There were two perfect asses spread before him, the rounded buns defined by the tan lines on their hips, so that the hot butts were snow white. From where he stood he could see their little tight holes winking at him. 

He climbed on his knees between Bill's legs and lined his cock head up with Bill's little pucker. His wide cock head spread Bill's hole wide before popping through his tight ass ring and then he pressed forward until the full length of his fat cock was buried in Bill's hot guts.

"Now, that's what I'm talking about. Pound my hole with that big meat." Bill said.

Mr. Bevin started to fuck him, his cock sliding in and out while Lee watched.

"Man, that's a good looking dick." he said and Bill said, "Fuck me harder!"

He started to slam his cock in and out of Bill's fuck chute while he reached over and fingered Lee's tightly puckered ass hole.

"I want to fuck this little hole again, too, before I cum." Mr. Bevin said as he finger fucked him.

"It's all yours. Fuck me till it hurts." Lee said.

Mr. Bevin eased his big hard cock out of Bill's ass and climbed over their legs so that he was now between Lee's legs. Bill sat up and reached down and spread Lee's cheeks so that his tiny hole was exposed and Mr. Bevin poised his flared cock head at the opening.

Lee sighed as the thick meat sank into him and Bill said, "You ought to see this. His cock looks beautiful in your ass."

Mr. Bevin began to fuck Lee's ass while Bill watched, then Bill climbed behind them so he could look through both pairs of legs. He grabbed Mr. Bevin's big nut sack and pulled it to the side so that he could watch the huge dick sliding in and out of his friend's hole.

"Do you like what you're seeing?" Mr. Bevin asked.

"It's better than porn." Bill said. "I can see your giant cock stretching his hole, your big nuts swinging and your little ass hole puckering. I wish I had a movie of this."

Mr. Bevin liked having his balls played with and he began to pound his cock harder into Lee's ass.

"My turn." Bill said, lying back down on the chaise. "I want some more of that cock before you shoot your wad."

Over the next hour, Mr. Bevin alternated his cock in each hole. Whenever he'd get close to cumming, he'd pull his cock out and move to the other ass. Sweat streamed off of all three of them and it seemed the longer Mr. Bevin fucked the less inclined he was to shoot his load. His swollen balls ached as they slammed against the boy's asses. It seemed that neither boy wanted it to end, either, begging him to fuck their hole over and over. Both boys were getting the fucking of their lives, the big vein covered cock thrilling their tender holes as it slid in and out.

"Which one of us are you going to shoot your load in?" Lee asked.

"I'd like to shoot it in a mouth instead of an ass, so I can watch you swallow my cum." Mr. Bevin said.

"We can do that." Bill said. "Pull your cock out of me."

Mr. Bevin eased his cock out of Bill's well fucked hole and the boys stood up. They arranged Mr. Bevin on his back and used a towel to clean up most of the grease coating his dick, and then they lay down on either side of him with their heads at the level of his cock. 

"Be sure to let us know when you feel like you're ready to cum." Bill said.

He grasped the fat cock around the base and popped the plum like head into his hot mouth. Lee, meanwhile, began to tongue and suck at Mr. Bevin's juicy ball sack and shaft while fingering his tightly puckered hairy ass hole.

Mr. Bevin watched as both boys labored over his meat with their mouths and in what seemed like only a minute or two he felt the hot liquid in his balls begin to boil over.

"I'm going to shoot it!" he cried.

Bill and Lee glued their lips together around Mr. Bevin's rigid cock head, mouth to mouth. The first big splash of cum squirted out of his piss hole, then 5 or 6 hot squirts just as large followed, Mr. Bevin's body arching up off of the lounge.

When the big cock stopped cumming, Bill and Lee raised their heads simultaneously and opened their mouths so that Mr. Bevin could see his pearly juice coating their tongues and teeth. Then they kissed, making sure that he could see them swapping his hot load back and forth in their mouths before swallowing his man juice. They showed him their now empty mouths and stuck out their tongues so that he could see that his entire load had been swallowed.

"Your cum is delicious." Lee said. "You taste like cocoanut."

Mr. Bevin was gasping for breath.

"I'm glad you liked it." he said. "You boys are fantastic."

They lay together for a few more minutes, Bill and Lee taking turns sucking the last few drops of cum out of the diminishing organ.

Finally, Mr. Bevin said, "Time for me to get back to my yard work before the bitch gets home."

He got up from the lounge and the boys watched him slip back into his clothes, then they escorted him to the gate in the fence.

"Do you think we could do something like this again sometime?" Mr. Bevin asked.

Bill grasped his fat cock through his shorts and said, "Anytime this big bruiser is hard. Is that soon enough?"

Lee ran his hand over Mr. Bevin's meaty ass and lodged his fingers between his full cheeks. 

"Do you like getting blown? I'd love to spend a couple of hours sucking that gorgeous cock and see how many loads of your delicious cum I could eat." he said.

"And I'd like to spend a couple of hours with your fat cock pounding my hole non-stop." Bill said. "Your balls are going to permanently read "empty" from now on, if you want them to."

Mr. Bevin's cock was already starting to grow under Bill's hand as he pulled away to leave.

"You boys will definitely be getting as much of my cock as you can handle in the future." he said as he passed through the gate into his own yard.

Bill and Lee went back to the lounge and lay down side by side.

"Who would have guessed that ole Bevin has such a great dick? And that he likes to fuck ass." Lee said.

"That really worked out well." Bill replied. He sat staring into space and then he said, "I just thought of what our summer project will be. I need a pencil and paper."

He got up, went into the kitchen and came back clutching the items.

"Okay," he told Lee, "we're going to seduce as many straight guys as we can this summer. Who should be first?"

They sat thinking for a few moments and then Lee said, "How about the mailman?"

"You mean the black guy?"

"Yeah, he looks like he's got a hot body and he shows a big bulge. Besides, with all the walking he does, he's bound to have a hot looking ass."

"Good, who next?" Bill asked.

After a moment Bill said, "How about our pool guy? He's Mexican and he looks like he's around 50. He's got a big bushy mustache and you can see a lot of hair growing up out of his shirt collar. He looks like he's got a hot body, too. The last time he was here I was laying out here while he worked. I had on sunglasses so he didn't know I was watching him. He kept stealing little peeks at me the whole time and I swear the bulge in his pants doubled in size. I almost put the moves on him right then."
