 Robert and Gary, the two dads, got home Sunday evening. Bill and Lee were preparing spaghetti and garlic bread to welcome them when they came into the kitchen.

Both dads were sunburned and wearing band tee shirts and shorts. Robert's hair was blown all over his head and Gary was wearing a goofy bucket hat. They still looked totally hot.

"How was the trip down memory lane?" Bill asked.

"It was so cool." Gary replied. "That band has still got it, even after all these years."

"They must never have heard of penicillin." Lee said. "And they all look like junkies."

Robert looped his arm over Gary's shoulders and drew him to him so that his back rested against Robert's chest. Gary reached up and held onto the arm encircling him as Robert rested his chin on Gary's shoulder.

"The concert was phenomenal. You boys will never know what you missed. And the hotel was great; I didn't want to leave the room." Robert said.

"I didn't think that was why you didn't want to leave the room." Gary said, pressing his hips back and wiggling his ass on Robert's cock.

"Okay, you two. Not in front of the children." Bill said. "So you had a really good time?"

"It was the greatest. And, your dad got into a fight." Gary told Bill.

"What?! A fight?" Bill exclaimed.

"It wasn't a fight." Robert said. "It was just a little misunderstanding."

"It sure was." Gary said. "Your dad decked some guy at the concert."

"Dad!" Bill cried.

"You should have seen it. It was a TKO. He knocked the guy out with one punch to the face."

"You can shut up now." Robert said.

"There were these biker type guys behind us at the concert with their girlfriends." Gary went on. "One guy was a real asshole. Your dad and I were standing just like this and the guy kept saying stuff about faggots. We ignored it for a while but then your dad turned around and asked, 'Have you got something to say?' and the guy said, 'Turn around, faggot.' Your dad just hauled off and popped him in the face and he went down like a ton of bricks. I thought we were both dead but the guy who seemed to be in charge just looked at us and gave us a thumbs up sign. Then, a few minutes later one of the girlfriends came over and brought us a couple of beers and she said, 'You two make a really cute couple.' So, after a while your dad went and bought the whole crew beers and brought them back. The knocked out guy was coming around by then and your dad just handed him a beer and said, 'Enjoy.' But the really cool part was that after the concert was over and we were getting ready to leave, the guy came over and said, 'I'm really sorry I was acting like such an asshole.' and your dad said, 'No, I'm the asshole for hitting you. I apologize.' The guy said, 'Are you two a couple?' and your dad said, 'Yep." and the guy said, 'you're both as hot as shit. If I was going to get with a guy, I'd do either one of you. Do you ever do 3ways?' Your dad said, 'Well, really this is kind of our first date. But I really appreciate the offer; it's really flattering to be hit on by a guy as attractive as you.'"

"Was he hot?" Lee asked.

"He damned sure was." Gary replied. "And the best part was, he wrote something down on a scrap of paper and he pulled the waist band out on my shorts and dropped it down them. 'If you ever change your mind, give me a call' he said."

Gary reached in his pocket and brought out the paper and displayed it.

"I'll take that, you guys are enough trouble already." Lee said and Gary handed him the phone number. 

"Good! And don't give it back; I don't want him to be tempted." Robert said.

Gary swiveled around and looked at him, incredulous.

"Me? It was your big dick hanging down your leg that he was ogling."

"Yuck! Can we change the subject, please?" Bill said. "I ought to send you both to your room without supper for the way you've been acting up."

"That's okay; I've got all I need to keep me happy right here." Robert said, nuzzling Gary's neck.

"Go wash up and we'll eat." Bill said. "I'm losing my patience."

Robert and Gary left the room giggling and Bill turned to Lee.

"So what about the biker number?" he asked.

Lee folded the paper and stuffed it into his pocket.

"This may come in handy in the future." he said. "Hot straight biker who's curious? What more could you ask for?" 

* * * * * *

On Tuesday morning, the boys took special care dressing. They wanted to look hot, slightly slutty and available but not over the top.

Lee settled on an old pair of washed out 501's with a white tee shirt and boots. He skipped underwear so that his cock was visible dangling down his leg and the seam of the jeans emphasized the lushness of his ass.

Bill decided to wear an old pair of khakis that were washed thin with an old white button down. The pants were light cotton and he too skipped underwear so that his cock head and big balls were plainly visible through the light covering. He rolled up the sleeves of the shirt and left the first four buttons undone.

"I hope we don't get arrested for soliciting in these outfits." Bill said.

"Gee, I've never done a cop. It might be worth it." Lee replied.

The boys caught a bus and took the short ride to where they could catch the train. They boarded and sat on a seat facing the aisle. After a short while, Bill said to Lee in a low voice, "I think the outfits are working. Check out the guy across the aisle."

Lee glanced across. There was an older black man in business attire sitting facing them. His eyes pinballed back and forth, focusing first on Bill's crotch and then on Lee's. He looked up, noticed the boys watching him and made an exaggerated display of licking his lips.

Bill reached into a pocket and pulled out a scrap of paper and a pen. He wrote a short note and leant over and handed it to the man. The note read, "I'm Bill and this is Lee. Here is our number ***-****. Give us a call sometime if you want to put that tongue to better use."

The man read the note and smiled, then looked at the boys and nodded.

The boys were close to their stop so they got up and stood in the aisle. Bill made sure that his half hard cock was right at the man's eye level and Lee turned his back, bent forward and made a pretense of looking out of the window so that his sculptured buns were in the man's face. 

As they made their way to the doors, they glanced down and saw a thick and long bulge snaking down the man's flannel covered leg. Bill looked at him and then licked his lips, just as the man had done. The man smiled back and made a great show of folding the paper and putting it in his wallet.

After exiting the train they still had a walk of several blocks ahead of them. It was a semi-seedy part of town but the streets were deserted. They had gone a couple of blocks before they saw another person.

Across the street from them, leaning over and peering into the raised hood of a classic car was a middle aged Hispanic man. They walked past and were about a hundred feet ahead when someone let out a loud wolf whistle. Lee turned and looked back to where the man was but he wasn't visible so Lee crossed the street diagonally to where he was, followed by Bill.

"Did you just whistle at us?" he asked when he came up beside the car.

The man slowly stood up and looked the two boys over, then said, "Are you fellows lost?"

"No, why, are you?" Lee replied.

The man laughed and said, "No, I live here. I just don't usually see such pretty young boys walking around here. If you're not careful you could wind up with a big brown dick stuck up those tight little asses."

"It wouldn't be the first big brown dick up there." Bill said. "Hopefully, it won't be the last, either. Were you making an offer?"

The man looked shocked and said, "Not me, I'm no faggot. What do I look like to you?"

Bill and Lee took their time giving the guy the once over. He was probably fifty years old and his body was thick with muscle. He had longish black hair with a sprinkling of gray and a handsome face with a high arched nose. He was wearing a wife beater and black curly hair sprang from the top of his chest. He also had on a pair of loose cotton pajama type pants. It was obvious that he had a sizable dick and that he wasn't wearing any underwear.

"You look to me like someone who has a big dick and knows how to use it." Lee said. "I bet you're uncircumcised, aren't you?"

The Hispanic guy just stared at them, mouth slightly open.

"I know you are, I can tell from the way your bulge is shaped. The reason I ask is because I really love sucking an uncut cock, all that loose foreskin. I love to roll it up over my tongue and lick a guy's piss hole and I like to nibble on it, too."

"And it feels really great in your ass when you're getting fucked, too, all that extra skin sloshing around."

"You boys must be crazy." the guy said.

"Hey, you're the one who whistled at us." Lee said. "You must have seen something you wanted"

"I was just giving you some shit."

"And we just want to give you some head and some ass. We've got an appointment up the street that should take about an hour or so. Maybe if you're still here on our way back we can talk some more."

Lee and Bill turned and began walking up the street again and Lee called out over his shoulder, "I know that you're staring at our asses."

Their destination was only another block away. The street number was over a door in an industrial building that had a window that showed a flight of stairs going up inside. On the door there was a sign hanging against the glass that read "OPEN". Bill and Lee entered and Lee turned around, flipped the sign so that it read "CLOSED" outside and then threw the bolt to lock the door.

"Hello, is anybody here?" Bill called as they climbed the stairs.

"Hey, yeah, come on up." a voice replied overhead.

The top of the stairs opened into a large loft space, littered with canvases and sculpture pieces all in various states of completion. In the center there was a large home made work table, also littered with projects. The air was heavy with the smell of pot. Out from behind a partition walked the artist.

He looked to be in his late twenties, Arabic looking and with nerdy hipster heavy dark framed glasses. He was wearing an old paint spattered tee shirt and loose khakis, just as paint daubed. He had a thin wiry body and a prominent bulge at his crotch. His black hair was a little long and curly.

"What can I do for you?" he asked, blinking as if he just woke up.

"We saw your gallery show and the brochure from it gave this address and I told my friend Bill that we just had to come and meet you." Lee said.

"That's flattering." he replied.

"Yeah, and I told Lee that you looked really cute in the photo, too." Bill said.

The artist looked at them, confused.

"I'm Lee and this is Bill." Lee introduced them.

"You already know that I'm Stan." he replied, putting out a hand to shake with both boys.

"We just really wanted to meet you and find out more about you." Bill said. "How was the show?"

"Not too good, really. I'm not really sure that I'm the artist type but my wife insists that all it takes is determination and anyone can get famous."

"Your wife?" Lee asked.

"Yeah, as of last week. We've been together a long time but she decided she wanted to get hitched, just like that. It doesn't do any good to argue with her when she wants something, so here I am."

"Really? What's she like?" Lee asked.

"She's a lot older than me. She's got a really good job as a buyer for one of the big chains downtown and she's traveling most of the time. I guess she decided she wanted a famous artist for a husband to show around so I was elected. I never thought of myself as the marrying kind."

"Has she been married before?" Bill asked.

"It's weird; she said she was married years ago and that her husband and son died in some kind of tragic accident. She doesn't like to talk about it so that's all I know."

"Well, at least they never knew about it." Bill replied.

Stan just looked more confused.

"It smells like somebody has been smoking some shit up here." Lee said.

"Yeah, it helps pass the time. I'm kind of at a blank wall, artistically. You want a hit?"

"No, we're anti-drug." Bill said.

"So, can we look at what you're working on?" Lee asked.

"Help yourselves."

Bill and Lee explored the loft, looking at one piece of dreadful art after another. Frequently, when a particularly bad piece turned up they'd grimace at each other. Finally, in a back corner, Lee found a whole different series.

They were paintings and drawings of motorcycles and motorcyclists. They looked like porn magazine illustrations from the 70's, the bike riders overly muscled and hairy and all sporting huge bulges at the crotch.

"These are really different." Bill said.

"That's just something I was playing around with." Stan said. "My wife really hated them so I stuck them back here. She likes me to do the other stuff but I'm going nowhere with it."

Bill and Lee walked over and stood close to Stan.

"Maybe we can help you get inspired." Lee said. "Do you ever work from live models?"

He skinned the tee shirt over his head and then unbuttoned his jeans and let them drop so that he was standing in front of Stan nude.

"We're really good at modeling." Bill said. "We can last forever." 

He unbuttoned the last few buttons on his shirt and dropped it to the floor and then let his pants fall, too. Both boys were now totally nude.

"Oh, uh, wow. I've never used models before." Stan said. His eyes were glued to the two half hard cocks swaying in front of him.

"We're both in pretty good shape, don't you think? I bet you're in good shape, too, under those baggy clothes." Lee said.

He began to rub his hands over Stan's shoulders and chest. Bill began to do the same thing and Lee let his hand drop so that he could first rub and then squeeze Stan's butt. Stan, a little high and a lot confused, was starting to sweat.

"You've seen us, let us see how you're built." Bill said, lifting the tee shirt and pulling it over Stan's head before he could demur.

Stan's torso was tightly muscled, long and lean, with broad shoulders and a coat of black curly hair over his pecs.

"Very nice." Lee said. "You're really built."

"Yeah, let's see the rest." Bill said. 

He stepped behind Stan, hooked a thumb into the belt loops at either side of his waist and pulled the loose khakis to the floor. Stan wasn't wearing any underwear and as the pants cleared his hips his half hard cock sprang free and bounced in front of him. It was really big, at least eight inches while only semi-erect and as thick as a baby's arm. He had a big pair of oval balls swinging in a loose sack underneath and tightly curled black pubes.

"I just knew you had a huge dick." Lee said. 

Stan was blushing a bright red.

"Take a look at this hot butt." Bill said from behind him and Lee moved back beside him. 

They both began to fondle his tightly muscled ass, squeezing the hard cheeks and slipping their fingers into his tight crack.

"Hey, I'm not gay or anything." Stan said.

"That's okay, we are." Bill said. 

He moved around front again where Stan's enormous dick was now at full mast, so long that the head stood above his belly button. It was a minimum of ten inches of hard meat, dusky colored with prominent veins wrapping around the shaft. The thick piss tube stood out from the underside and the big head was a deep rose color with a large piss hole.

"Your dick seems to indicate that you're having a good time, though." Bill said, closing his hand around the thick shaft and jacking it up and down.

"I've never done anything like this before." Stan said.

"Don't worry, we have and we'll do all the work." Lee said. 

His hand was now all the way between Stan's ass cheeks and his finger was stroking his tiny puckered ass hole while his hard cock pressed against Stan's crack. Stan sighed and laid his head back on Lee's shoulder.

"That feels really good." Stan said. "I love having my ass played with."

"You're going to love it even more when we get done with it." Bill said.

They pulled Stan across the room, his clothes in a pile behind him and bent him over the work table so that his ass was spread open. Standing on each side of him, they pulled his ass cheeks apart. His ass crack was hairless and his tightly puckered hole pulsed.

"You can tell that little fuck hole is cherry." Lee said, fingering the opening and pressing his finger against it.

"Are you guys going to fuck me?" Stan asked, panic obvious but also desire.

"In your ass and down your throat, both." Bill replied.

"There's some lube in the bathroom that I use to beat off with." Stan said.

Bill and Lee looked at each other over the virgin ass and smiled. Lee went to the bathroom and retrieved a jar of petroleum jelly from the top of the toilet tank and brought it back to where Stan waited. He scooped up a finger full of grease and spread it around the tiny ass hole, then used another scoop to press his finger into the tight virginal ring.

"Ow, that hurts!" Stan said.

"It's going to hurt a lot more when I slide my hard dick up you." Lee replied. He looked at Bill and said, "I get the first ride. I'm going to love busting this ass hole open."

"Have at it." Bill replied. 

He climbed onto the table top and sat in front of Stan and lifted his head by his hair. "You can get your first taste of cock at the same time that you're getting your ass hole fucked. Open wide!"

He grasped his hard cock by the base with his other hand and fed it into Stan's mouth. 

Lee positioned himself behind Stan and after greasing his cock, pressed it against the never fucked hole between Stan's ass cheeks. At first the tight hole resisted opening but Lee pressed harder and his cock head stretched the ring open to admit it. Stan's body tensed with the pain of having his ass hole stretched for the first time. 

"Bite my cock and I'll throw your ass down the steps, ass hole." Bill said, smacking Stan on the head.

Stan responded by bobbing his head up and down on the cock filling his mouth.

Lee pressed forward and his cock head finally cleared the tight ring and popped into Stan's ass cavity.

"Bet that hurts, doesn't it?" Lee asked. "How does this feel?" 

He pressed harder and his hard cock shaft slowly sank inside of the puckered hole. When he was fully buried in Stan's ass, he rotated his hips to stretch the hole even more and Stan grimaced in pain.

"Your cock feels enormous." Stan said around the cock in his mouth.

Lee slid most of his cock back out of the hole and then rammed it forward, causing Stan to arch his back.

As he began to fuck the virginal hole, Lee used his hands to spread the ass cheeks in front of him so that he could bury his cock even deeper in Stan's guts. The sensation of getting his ass fucked must have started to become pleasurable because Stan began to move his ass back to meet Lee's thrusting dick and his head rode up and down Bill's cock at the same rhythm.

"How do you like the taste of my dick, cock sucker?" Bill asked and Stan responded with grunts and slurps on the hard meat.

Lee watched his greasy cock slide in and out of Stan's ass hole and said, "I wonder what your new bride would think if she could see you now getting fucked at both ends."

"Fuck that bitch." Stan said. "I always knew I wanted cock, I was just afraid of it. I love the way your cock feels in my ass. Fuck me harder."

Lee began to power fuck Stan's ass, slamming his hips hard against his quivering ass cheeks and thrusting his cock as deep as he could. Stan slammed back, grinding his ass to get more cock up it. His fuck chute had loosened up and Lee's cock slid in and out with ease.

Bill, at the other end, had hold of Stan's head by the hair and he was raising his hips and forcing his cock deeper into Stan's throat with each thrust. After some initial coughing and gagging, the throat had also loosened and accepted the hard cock fucking it. Stan had become the perfect fuck doll.
