 Those were days spent on an overdrive of testosterone kick. Long summer afternoons, gazing at my naked torso in front of the mirror, stroking my matted bush, rubbing my cock, getting turned on by new sensations, getting rock hard while walking through the men's underwear section, marveling at my curly pubic hair strands wrapped around my warm erection-every time I fantasized about my buddies-smearing my pre-cum all over the swollen uncut purple cock head. 

S. was my dance instructor; my parents had always been very open minded about me wanting to take dance lessons and had arranged for me to receive private dancing lessons from a young talented dancer. I was 22 and he was 26, tough and taut like a warrior, had incredible sculpted legs, a quick wink in his eyes, hair as dark as night, with a chiseled nose (he was half Cherokee, half African American). His stoic eyes used to light up when he danced and I used to watch him mesmerized as he produced tantalizing dance movements; we practiced every week, upstairs in the big spacious room that had been remodeled and refitted recently with a fabulous new wooden floor. His muscular arms would throb and pulse, his slender waist would galvanize me, and his powerful legs would often trigger a maddening erection in me. 

In between the recurring dance drills, we would catch ourselves gazing at each other, just for a brief second before regaining our composure and then it was back to the dance steps again. "You have a great future as a dancer. You have good timing and great posture" he would say. My inner monologue would respond "You know you have great solid buns and I bet a yummy dong to go with it". Watching him wipe off his forehead sweat was a visual torture, my eyes riveted on his biceps moving up and down, showing off a hint of armpit hair, just enough to wet my appetite. I yearned to surrender to him but I knew he would never initiate anything. So I decided to take matters in my own hands. For starters, I decided to wear a pair of white dance tights with a black thong underwear for our next dance class, and I hoped that my low cut thong would leave a telltale visual trail for him. The next practice session turned out to be taxing as I had a recital coming up soon and S. wanted to ensure that I was well prepared. Time passed slowly, unendingly almost and the more we danced, the more we sweat and the more we sweat the more aroused I was. My stiffness stood erect, tightly straining against my black thong and during the breaks, I would stretch my legs, rub my buns absentmindedly, and bend over in front of him, while I did that, pretending all along that it was just part of my stretching routine. 

At some point, I caught his eyes fixed on my gluteus maximus, and he blushed. We spoke not a word but kept looking at each other. He wiped off his sweaty arms and started walking toward me, very casually, very leisurely. We were facing each other and the room was steeped in complete silence. My parents were away for the weekend and we were all alone. I could hear his heated breath and closed my eyes, feeling a bit dizzy with anticipation. Then I felt his slender fingers grazing past my raging hard-on and they rested gently on my package. I opened my eyes and stared into his steely yet soft gaze: "You have a nice throbbing going on there" he whispered as he massaged my cock. I could barely contain myself and hugged him tight, kissing his neck and earlobes. 

We walked to the next room and we sat down on my bed. "Can we keep the lights on, I want to remember this moment", I croaked. S. winked and whispered "Sure, no worries."

He undressed me with ease as I groped his biceps and tried in take a deep sniff of his sweaty odor. He rubbed my thong over the big wet pre-cum spot that was now very visible. I watched him with wide-open eyes, I knew wanted him inside me. Waiting impatiently, I bend over with my buns up in the air aimed at his lips. S. massaged my tingling buns, he spread them, his thumbs caressing the edges of my pucker and I could feel his hot breath tease my taint. I was lost in rapture and suddenly I felt an electric jolt rip through my naked body as S. lowered his mouth and flicked his tongue tip in between my dark brown smooth ass cheeks. I had just shaved yesterday (and spent hours looking at my smooth hole in front of the mirror, rubbing it, fingering it, slapping it slowly) and my smooth hole was shut tight. But his wet tongue started darting in and out of my ass cheeks, and while he did that, he would smear my pre-cum on his finger tips and then rub it in the middle of my hole, pressing and slapping gently. 

I moaned and wiggled my rear end, stroked my erection and pushed it under my legs wishing he would lick my cock as well. My wish came true soon as his tongue wandered between my balls, my taint, my hole and my engorged cock head. Finally S. dropped to his knees behind me, grazing his cockhead up and down my smooth wet butt-crack. When he whispered in my ears "You will need some lube, kiddo" I hurriedly pointed him to the ID Glide bottle, next to my bed stand. S. scooped generous scoops of lube and rubbed in my ass. I wanted to scream "Oh, yeah, lube me up and stick your cock in me", but I kept quiet, except for letting out low moaning and grunting noises. Before I knew S. pressed his ramrod against my ass, tugged at my smooth balls, caressed my buns and sank his cock into my tight hole, inch by inch. I had never taken a cock before and the warm fiery feeling was beyond description. It hurt, my hole winked, it hurt even more and yet I wanted him to slide in me deep. I was overcome with an urge to wiggle my ass, and bounce on his cock to feel that slow throbbing sensation on my taint. 

I was panting a bit, staring straight ahead, my face satiated with lust. S. gave me some slow and deep thrusts, one after another, sliding his cock in and out, building up an energetic, raunchy ass fuck and I wanted it. I rubbed my big brown nips and I kept spreading my ass cheeks for him with a wanton and carefree desire. S. gripped my slender torso for better leverage, his hips slamming into me, and my tight hole still hurt, but I wiggled and worked with him, matching his strokes. I yanked my cock in short strokes, banging against my groin, jerking my pole and lusting for more deep ass fucking. My body was in ecstasy as my foreskin slid back and forth my ass cheeks wiggling out of control, setting my whole body on ablaze with passion. Spreading my legs apart, I tried to bend my head low and try to get a glimpse of his cock as it slid in and out of my wet horny hole. My cock leaked pre-cum profusely and flipped up rock-hard to slap against my belly. S. pulled out his dong all of a sudden and whispered in my ears: "Turn over, I want to look into your eyes." Somehow I managed to turn around, my body shivering with excitement, my eyes hazy with craving, but I managed to lay on my back and lift my legs up in the air, resting them slowly on his shoulders. 

S. smiled at me and kissed me deep, his warm fleshy lips melting into mine, his tongue curling up and rubbing up against my palate, wet tongues grazing against each other, his nimble fingers gently rubbing under my earlobes. He grabbed me, pulled me against him, and his lips planted a deep kiss, one that made me reel with bliss. The next thing I knew, he was stroking my inner thighs, his fingers cupping my balls, his firm grip raising my legs further up in the air, my asshole aimed at his beautiful cock, bobbing up and down, his ebony stiff ramrod. 

He gently mounted me, slipping in his warm cock, sinking in deep inside the tight folds of my dark tan pucker, his cockhead curved up as it slid inside my ass. He squirted more lube into his fingers and rubbed it around my pucker ring, pulled out his cock-to which my hole reacted with a sharp wink-and pushed his slick cockhead back into my tight ass-ring. It stung a bit, and I had to breathe deep and push my hole outward, as much as I could. S. locked me in a deep embrace and his thickness entered me, opened me, stretched me like I had never experienced it before. I kept rubbing my taint, trying to relish that hot as hell feeling of his thick cock rubbing my prostate. There was a wetness in my ass-ring that drove me crazy, made me grunt loud, made me dig in my fingers deep into his shoulders, as he fucked me in short, deep, strokes, jabbing his curved uncut cock deep in my guts. His eyes winked at me as his length slid back and forth and I melted into his arms. The feeling was so intense that I felt like nibbling and biting his earlobes and whispering obscenities to him. Once in a while, S. would pull out his cock and would make me gasp with pleasure before he slid back in my winking ass-ring that was now writhing and clenching on his throbbing cock, the air filling up with the wet noises of deep fucking, a heady mix of raunchy intimacy. 

We were not talking much. S.'s thickness kept penetrating me deep, his wet foreskin exposed, and my hole was basking in the heat of his cockhead. Sometimes when his cock would slide out of my now stretched hole, there would be a low wet empty loud noise before he slide back in. S's sensual thrusting filled my eyes with embarrassed lust and my hole gripped onto his shaft. At one point, S cupped my smooth shaved balls real tight and thrust real deep. It felt like a high electric shock, and I felt I could explode any moment. Then he slid in two slender fingers, next to his thick uncut cock and this stretched my hole beyond comparison. I grabbed S.'s boxer briefs on the bed next to me and took a deep whiff of that scent; it was better than any poppers, any drugs, and the scent made me spread my legs instantly and whisper in his ears: "Will you shoot it inside me, please?"

S. did not respond but I could tell from his radiant face that he was about to make a statement. In the next few seconds, I felt S.'s shaft throb feverishly, plunging in deep, his balls hitting my smooth balls again and again, and I could hear his deep rooted grunt as he unloaded his juices, filling me up, making my knees shiver and my ass cheeks jiggle. Just as his cock spurted deep inside my ass, a sticky feeling on my own belly let me know I had exploded. S. had made love to me and had led me to ecstasy. We stayed locked in embrace for a long time after that, enjoying the sensual cuddling I relished the thick wetness that trickled down my legs.