 "Gay grandad seeks young men for Sunday afternoon fun." That's how I put it on the site. At 60, I had always shied away from the daddy/son scene because with kids of my own it just seemed wrong. Lately, though, I had thought I should give it a try, particularly as so many young guys seemed to be into it and were contacting me. I stressed that they had to over the legal age, and after that you just have to trust them.

The response was quick and plentiful, but I expected quite a few to be spur-of-the-moment jobs who would fade away after the initial thrill of a potential encounter had given them a good wank or two but they wouldn't want to do it for real.

And that turned out to be correct. Out of 15 responses, after a few days I was down to four. To my delight, one of them, Josh, was a fat boy - well, he was 19 but you could see him as the fat boy at school.

Then there was Barney, a thin, unsexy bookworm who was about to go to university to study biology. I guessed that Barney had never had sex with either a male or a female, Despite his protestations of experience.

And there was a couple, Dom and Dev, Dom a black kid not long arrived from Africa, and Dev a Chinese lad who had never had sex with a white man. Nor had Dom, as it happens, and they had been together a few months and summoned up the courage to try it together, not that I could imagine what they were wary of.

Anyway, we quickly settled down to a group of five, although only I knew that. The deal was that they were all prepared to have sex with this much older man, and they knew it was a group, so there must be plenty of things on offer and they must be happy to give and receive oral including rimming. Anal was up to the individual and if anyone didn't want to, that was fine.

So this Sunday afternoon they were due at 2pm at my house in a residential street where there were lots of flats and people were coming and going all the time.

At 1 o'clock Josh arrived.

"Sorry," he said. "I had to get a lift with my Mum and she has to be somewhere at 1.15."

"No problem,' I said, and showed him into the lounge. I got us a glass of wine each and sat beside him on the sofa.

"So you never been with an older man?" I asked. I had already covered this by email, but it's a conversation starter.

"My Dad's uncle touched me once at a family party," he said. "But I was too scared. Then I found myself thinking about it a lot and decided to see if I could make it happen with someone I didn't know. And I saw your profile."

I put my hand on Josh's leg and he stiffened. I put my other arm around his big, chubby neck and pulled him towards me and kissed him. He kissed like a total novice, but his cock responded like lightning and I was soon unzipping his jeans and pulling his package out.

"Shit. You going to do it to me?" he asked nervously. "I thought you wanted me to do that to you."

"I'll suck you and you can suck me afterwards," I said, jerking him quietly. He had a nice chunky body of the sort that can overshadow a cock, and which also made it difficult to do things because the pressure of fat on clothes made it all congested traffic.

"Take your clothes off," I said, and I could feel a sort of relief from him because this drastic course of action , even taken with trepidation, made everything else easier. Josh stood and pulled off his t shirt and jeans, followed by his tight pale blue underpants.

"Stand here?" he said, facing me. I took his hard young cock in my hand and pulled him towards me until he was close enough to suck. I liked his light brown pubic hair and his big balls, which I felt gently while I sucked him.

Josh was so excited he came in my mouth within a minute. He didn't warn me, and I don't think he even really knew it was going to happen, but he emptied his pent-up sex urge into my mouth and held onto my head, sort of whimpering as his dick spasmed and squeezed out more teenage spunk. Then he sat down beside me and I put the TV on, some of my favourite music on YouTube.

After a while Josh recovered his equilibrium and put a hand awkwardly on my leg. I unzipped my chinos and pulled my cock out for him and he took it in his mouth warily. He sucked and jerked and it looked like he couldn't understand why I didn't just shoot like he had.

"It's okay," I said. "I like you doing that. I'm just saving myself."

We half-watched the TV and enjoyed our sex for another half hour or so before another knock came on the door.

It was Dom and Dev, giggling nervously and touching each other to show me they were an item, even if they intended to play with others this afternoon. Just after I showed them in, Barney the bookworm arrived.

So they had all turned up, which was a bit of a triumph. Once everyone had a glass of wine I explained the format of the meeting.

"We're all going to take our clothes off and sit wherever we like on these chairs." I had arranged five dining chairs in a small circle. "Dom and Dev, you sit either side of me. You'll see why. Then I'm going to take a pack of cards on which are written instructions. Each of us in turn will take one and look at it and I'll read it out."

There was a quiet hubbub of self-conscious undressing and eventually the room contained a rough circle of five naked males.

I took the cards and offered the pack to Dom, who looked the most confident. He took a card and gave it to me.

"You will suck the cock of the person on your left," I read out. The person on his left was Barney, who looked embarrassed. Dom looked at me.

"Get on the floor and do it," I said, and Dom duly got to his feet and then down on his knees. Barney was pretty soft at first but soon stiffened when Dom got to work on him. I looked at Dev to see if he was okay and he had a nervous smile on his oriental face. I reached across and touched his shoulder and he smiled at me.

Erections emerged quickly all around and we all touched ourselves as Dom sucked a very nervous Barney. His dark, curly head bobbed up and down and Barney screwed his eyes shut at the thought of being sucked off in public.

"Does everyone have to come?" Dev asked sensibly.

"If you're sucking you have to be prepared for the guy to come," I said. "If he doesn't, he doesn't."

Barney gratefully indicated he had had enough and Dom got back on his chair. I offered the cards to Dev and he took one and showed it to me.

"You will rim whoever you like," it said.

"Oh my God," Dev muttered, looking at Dom.

"Someone else," his boyfriend said. I had stressed to them in advance that they had to play separately.

Dev looked at me.

"Can I do you?" he asked. I got into position on the sofa and he giggled.

"Never done this before," he said, extremely self-conscious.

"It's easy," said Josh, emboldened by our earlier little session. "Just lick his arse."

Dev brought his slim Chinese body down to the floor and, with three others watching, licked my anus. He did it very well and moans came from my mouth, which encouraged him.

"That's it,' said Josh. "You're licking a man's arse."

"You're licking a middle-aged white man's arse," Dom added." You wanted to, you told me."

"Shut up," Dev hissed, but not unkindly.

Dev licked me carefully and gently and thoroughly until I called a halt, in view of the fact that we had many permutations still to go and it wasn't just like a selfish one-on-one.

"Fuck you're good at that," I said, and everyone laughed and took a drink.

Josh's turn. He took a card that said, "Two cocks at once. The people either side of you."

Josh looked at Dom and Barney, then got on his knees and took a cock in each hand.

"Suck Dom," Dev said, and Josh obliged.

"And Barney too," I reminded him in my role as ringmaster. Josh enjoyed his second and third blow jobs of the day, all on different men, and his cock was rock hard and glistening.

As Josh left Barney to return to Dom's crotch, Barney grabbed himself and came over to me and wanked, with no idea what he was doing but just needing to come. His semen spurted onto my chest and the dribbles fell into my lap.

"Sorry," he said.

"Relax," I said. "This is the whole point. We all have a good time, and that means ejaculating."

It was my turn.

"You will tell the group your dirtiest fantasy and act it out with anyone who wants to."

This meant exposing want a dirty bastard you are, and one man's kink is another's revulsion, but with four of them, I was optimistic that at least one would want to do it.

"Okay," I said. "I want to kneel on the floor in the shower and have someone kneel behind me and piss into my crack."

Josh looked at me and smiled. We were "lovers" already, so he felt able to let himself go. He put his hand up.

"I'll piss on you," he said cockily.

I led Josh into the shower room - which was bigger than the usual cubicle - and the rest of the guys followed. I knelt on the floor with my arse in the air and Josh got down behind. It took him a few moments to get going and the others were making encouraging noises. Finally Josh got a flow going and rained urine onto my browneye. It was the most incredible feeling I had ever known.

"Anyone else?" I asked as he finished, and Barney stepped up for permission, then replaced Josh and pissed hard and long into my crack. He also adjusted his position to spray my hanging balls. That was something that just came into his head, so I thought he might be benefiting from this whole experience, becoming more confident.

After Barney finished pissing on me I had a quick shower and the guys went back into the lounge. I poked my head around the door and called out.

"Bedroom! This way."

They all trooped into the warm, darkened room and sat awkwardly on the bed, awaiting instructions.

"I want someone to fuck me," I said. "Dom?"

The svelte black man flicked a glance at his boyfriend and said, "Sure."

I passed him a tube of lube and lay on my back, raising my legs and blatantly inviting him to fuck me, my arsehole exposed in front of these other people. Dom lubed me up and climbed aboard, his shoulders pushing the back of my knees. At the same time his Chinese partner stood right by my head and offered me his cock. I had never sucked a Chinese cock and was delighted to accept his offer.

I took Dev's knob in my mouth and was doing my best with it in a difficult position when I felt Dom push.

"Ready?" he said, and as Dev stepped back he thrust his beautiful brown erection into me. Barney gasped as he watched a real live buggering up close.

"Does that hurt?" he asked.

"A bit," I admitted. "But it feels fucking fantastic."

"Want me to do you?" Josh said, touching Barney's cock. "Lie down, then."

"I'll fuck you next," Dom said to Dev. "Unless someone else wants to."

"I'll fuck him," I said, perhaps overeagerly. "I'll lick his arse first. Would you like that, Dev?"

Dev smiled and played with himself as he watched his boyfriend buggering the man who was about to do it to him.

Dom pumped me hard. He had a big, firm cock and a lot of energy and he took the "pounding" approach, humping me like he wanted to do some damage. Meanwhile, right next to us, Josh was fucking Barney in the same position and I loved watching his fat stomach swaying and hearing his flesh slapping Barney's skinny white body. I intended to get Josh's dick inside me later too. I was developing a bit of a thing for him, and I think he knew it. As he fucked Barney he also took my cock in his hand and wanked me affectionately.

Meanwhile back at my own fucking, Dom was getting close to coming, humping harder and faster and finally throwing himself on top of me as it erupted out of him. The thrill of that going on just inches away made Barney grab his own cock and within seconds he was spurting again, this time up his own chest. Josh saw this and came inside him, and the four of us were lolling on the bed, recovering as quickly as we could.

"Kneel here," I instructed Dev, and the slim Chinese boy got down and exposed himself for me. I licked his arse and loved the feeling, the smell and the taste. I was holding his cock at the same time. It was short and stout and quite dark. I could feel Josh watching me and wishing it was his buttocks I was between. That would come soon enough but for now I was feasting on Dev. My cock was now like a baseball bat, so I grabbed the lube, prepared Dev and plunged slowly and carefully into his hole. He yelped and clenched his fists.

"All right?" Dom and I said in unison.

"Fine,' Dev said. "it does feel good, doesn't it?"

I fucked Dev with something like a fatherly care and attention, but also with a ferocious lust for his Chinese manhole. Within minutes I was bucking and heaving as I dumped my spunk inside him.

The rest of the afternoon is a bit of a blur. I licked everyone's arse (because that's my thing) and they all fucked me, because it was my party and my rules, but they did unspeakable things to each other in twos and threes.

As darkness fell they drifted away, all except for Josh, who stayed the evening and the night and fucked me again and allowed me to lick his arsehole countless times as we enjoyed a long cycle of mutual pleasure.

In the coming weeks Dev came to visit me three times, having split up with Dom, and he too allowed me to rim him to my heart's content. This old guy-young guy thing was working out. The conversation wasn't always riveting, but my tongue and my cock and my arse were happy.