 I pulled into the parking lot and checked my phone. According to the GPS, I had arrived. I took a quick look up in my rearview mirror, ran my fingers through my hair, and sent a text:

I'm here. You ready?

I got out of my car and started walking toward the apartments. According to Rick's last message, he was in the last building on the end of the row. I tried to make out the address in the dark, just to be sure. It was only about 8:15, but the night was so dark it might as well have been midnight .

I had first heard from Rick about 6 hours ago. He had posted an ad Saturday night on one of those sites that sprang up to fill the void when Craigslist killed off their personals section. When I hadn't heard back right away I assumed he wasn't interested, but early Sunday afternoon he had emailed back. We exchanged a few messages, arranged a time, and now here I was.

I was looking forward to this, but also pretty nervous. It had been a little over a year since I'd had sex. I'd been seeing Sonya for a few weeks, but we weren't exclusive and really gotten physical yet. She wanted to take things slowly after a bad breakup, and I was still trying to figure out how to tell her I was bisexual.

Right now though, my sort-of girlfriend was the last thing on my mind. As I headed toward the front of Rick's building I shivered a bit, and not all from the cold. I hadn't been this nervous since my first time.

My phone chimed its text alert. 

Apt. 31 on the second floor, 2nd from the end. Take the stairs in the middle.

I put my phone away, took a deep breath, and made for the stairs. It was hard to make out the numbers on the doors in the dark. For a moment I imagined myself accidentally knocking on the wrong door. "Hi, I'm uh... here to suck your dick?" Imagining how well that would go over with some random person, I let out a nervous chuckle. This girl coming down the stairs gave me a weird look, but I shook it off and kept going.

Thankfully I didn't have to worry. As soon as I approached apartment 31, the door creaked open and Rick stuck his head out to greet me. He looked exactly like the picture he'd sent me - a man in his early 30's, with black hair just to long enough to curl a little bit, a strong profile and prominent nose that hinted at some Italian in his family tree, and a fit body with just a little bit of padding around the belly. Rick quietly greeted me and motioned me inside.

I stepped in the door and blew on my hands to warm them up as Rick closed the door behind me. Before I even had my coat off, he had shed his shirt and pants and was heading down the hallway back to where I assumed the bedroom was. I was surprised to see that his chest and butt were not hairy at all. I quickly kicked off my shoes, dropped my jacket on the floor, and headed after him.

I stepped into the bedroom just as Rick finished turning on some music and flopped down on the bed, naked and already starting to get hard. "I guess we'll get right down to it then," I said as I pulled off my own shirt and pants. I wasn't wearing any underwear, knowing that clothes were going to come off pretty quick anyway.

"Yeah, come on. My girlfriend's going to come by later."

Uh... what?

Rick must have seen the surprise flicker across my face, because he quickly added, "She gets off work at nine, and she works downtown so we've got plenty of time." I nodded my understanding, resisted the urge to comment on the cheesy saxophone music he'd put on, and climbed on the bed.

I lay down on my side, propped up on one elbow as I reached for his cock. He was just beginning to get hard, but I could tell he was at least seven inches, definitely a little bigger than me. I groaned appreciatively as his hands found my own cock, which had not yet begun to grow to its full six and a half inches.

We started off slowly, getting a feel for each other's bodies as we gently stroked each other. I swallowed down a mixture of nerves and excitement. It had been too long since I had last been with a man, and I had to restrain myself from diving face-first into his crotch and vacuuming his delicious-looking dick into my mouth.

Just as I decided to move in and start to blow him, Rick said "no" and stood up. Gently but firmly, he motioned for me to lie back on the bed. With just a hint of disappointment at my prize being withheld, I did as he wanted.

Rick crawled back onto the bed, moving my legs apart with one hand before gripping the base of my cock and taking me into his mouth, still totally soft. I lay back and closed my eyes, enjoying the feel of lips and hand moving up and down my shaft.

Rick kept at it for a couple minutes. At first, I didn't respond. A creeping fear spread through me as I worried that I wasn't going to get hard at all. It certainly wasn't Rick's fault - his tongue clearly knew what it was doing, and his hand began gently massaging and tugging on my balls. He was definitely giving a great blowjob. The problem was, I was still nervous.

I don't suffer from ED. I've seen the doctor about it just to be sure. I never have trouble getting hard to masturbate, nor when I was with a woman. But for some reason, even though I loved to suck cock and had even bottomed a few times, being with a guy still made me anxious as hell, and once or twice that had left me limp and disappointed. And now I was worried that it was happening again.

Seeming to sense my nervousness, Rick changed tactics. He swung one leg up on the bed, then the other. I reached out for his cock again, deciding that I could at least give him some pleasure even if I didn't get off. To my surprise and pleasure, he kept moving as he swung his leg over my head, lowering his delicious-looking and very hard cock right over my face.

I didn't waste a moment before reaching out with my tongue and swirling it around the head of his dick. His hips moved forward as he pushed into my mouth, and I found myself doing the same. I took him about halfway in and then pulled back, taking him in and out of my mouth a few times. Like a gentle, attentive lover, Rick mimicked my movements. He had recently showered, but I could just still smell just a faint hint of his masculine musk. I let out a moan of pleasure and grinned for a moment, even as his cock moved in and out of my mouth.

I began to pick up the pace, reaching up with both hands to cup them around his smooth ass cheeks and pull him further into my eager lips. Here goes, I thought before tilting my head back and opening my throat as I guided him all the way in. I took his entire length into my throat, lips bottoming out against his neatly trimmed pubes. I forced Rick's dick into my throat like it was a gallon of water and I'd just crawled through the desert for three days. I was so focused on deep throating him that it took me a full minute to realize that he was doing the same to me, which meant that I was hard! Rick's magnificent member had been exactly the medicine I needed to quell my nerves.

Anxiety replaced with excitement, I began to thrust into his eager mouth, even as I doubled down my efforts to suck him down my throat. Rick responded in kind, fucking my mouth slowly at first, then faster and more roughly. I gagged a little, but after taking a quick breath I was right back into it.

I'm used to giving long, slow and relaxing blowjobs, taking half an hour or more to bring a man to climax while they sit back and enjoy. This was not like that. Rick was too horny to passively receive my blowjob. He craved cock just as much as I did, and our needs fed off one another.

Suddenly though, Rick pulled out of my mouth and rolled off to the side. He motioned for me to get on top, so I soon straddled him in a 69 just as he had done for me a few minutes before. Unlike before though, we did not start off slowly. As soon as I got into position, I jammed my dick into Rick's throat and dove back onto his. We naturally fell into a rhythm, alternately fucking each other's mouths faster and harder. After a few more minutes, I sensed Rick tense up, and a moment later I felt his hot, sticky cum pour into the back of my throat. Three, four, five times his penis pulsed, as the cum gushed down my throat. 

A moment later, Rick pushed on my thigh, signaling me to roll off. I did so, and he quickly repositioned much like he originally had, with himself between my legs to finish me off. This time, there was no problem, and it didn't take more than a minute or two before my own load squirted into his mouth. He stepped back, swallowed, and grinned at me. Then without a word, he switched off the music and headed for the bathroom, scooping up his shirt and shorts from the floor on the way.

I took a look at the clock and saw that it was 9:15; his girlfriend would be here soon. I suddenly understood the abrupt exit. I dressed quickly, heading back to the living room. Rick emerged a moment later, also fully dressed. He sat down and struck up a casual pose, as if he expected her to walk in that very moment and wanted to look like he'd been sitting on the couch for hours.

"I had a great time. That was the best throat fucking I've had in years," I told Rick as I put my shoes on and shrugged back into my coat. I'd like to do this again next time I'm in town."

"Yeah, I'd like that," Rick replied. I could tell he meant it, even though his body language indicated he wanted me to leave before his girlfriend arrived. I opened the front door, turned around for one last look, and licked my lips before stepping back out into the December night.