 I woke Sunday morning with a nice hard cock which I felt obliged to stroke to orgasm. I love the feel of nylon on my cock and walked over to my underwear drawer to rummage through my pantyhose collection.

I decided on a natural shade and sat on the bed to pull them on. I balled up the left leg and placed my foot in the toe. Gently pulling the pantyhose up to my knee, I repeated the process with the right leg, then up my thighs stretching them up and over my throbbing cock. Instantly my cock twitched and I cupped my sack not wanting to risk a quick orgasm!

I settled back on my bed tracing the outline of my cock with my forefinger, I looked across at the mirrored wardrobe doors and gazed at my tented sexy pantyhosed cock. 

Suddenly, I moved from fantasy to reality as there was a knock to my apartment door. Throwing on my robe I moved to the door, keeping my nude pantyhose on as an exciting tease to myself daring to be caught with them on!

As I opened the door the two studs Jamie and Rob, whom I had blown a fortnight earlier stood before me. Did they see the look of horror on my face? I hoped they hadn't come back to exact revenge for their seduction? 

Rob spoke first, "Hi, sorry to trouble you my name is Rob and this is Jamie."

"Hi, I'm David, how can I help you?"

"We think we may have been here a few weeks back for a drink, but we were really drunk and can't recall exactly, things are a little sketchy due to the alcohol," Jamie explained.

I guessed if they had come to harm me they would have hit me by now! 

"Yes you were here, we watched a dvd and you both fell asleep, when I woke in the morning you both had gone."

"The odd thing is, when we got home we were missing our bikini briefs?" Jamie uttered. 

"Found them," Rob called from my bedroom. 

He stood at my bedroom door with his black nylon briefs hanging from his forefinger and Jamie's white bikini dangling from the other. 

I glanced down at Jamie's jeans and saw a familiar bulge, at once I knew it was ok to retell the story of our last meeting.

"I kept them to wash them for you, as you had both blown a load into them," I replied nervously.

"I knew it! How did it happen?" Asked Rob.

Taking the bull by the horns I knelt at Rob's feet. 

"Like this, allow me to show you."

I popped his button and pulled his jeans zip down. As they fell away black mesh nylon bikini briefs came into view.

"Nice, may I feel the quality?"

"Go ahead be my guest," Rob said, a broad grin on his face.

I never thought I'd get the chance to feel that lovely cock again but here I was gently massaging it at my bedroom door.

I felt a hand travel up my thigh and cup my tented pantyhose.

"Nice pantyhose," said Jamie, as he gently rubbed my cock.

I moaned, as nice as it was jerking Rob's nylon covered cock, if I didn't stop Jamie's gentle massage, I was going to cum too soon.

As I kept softly wanking Rob's cock I turned to Jamie and exclaimed, "You are overdressed I need to rectify that!"

Jamie stood up and I quickly unbuckled his belt, his button was already undone and when his zip was open his jeans fell to his ankles. He stood there in another transparent pair of sexy white bikini briefs with a large wet spot. I slid my hand up his cock and ran my thumb around the wet head.

"Mmmmmm," we moaned in unison.

Still on my knees I wanked both these beautiful cocks for a few minutes, my hands gliding over their silky packages.

"Let's go to the bedroom where I can undress you both properly."

Once in the bedroom I pushed them both onto my bed and removed their socks and shoes along with their jeans. They hadn't been idle and had removed each others shirts.

"Now who wants what?" I enquired.

"I want your pantyhosed cock in my mouth," Jamie whispered, as he slid of the bed and started sucking my nylon tented dick.

God he was good, my aching cock wasn't going to take much of this. Two minutes later I felt my cum rising.

"I'm gonna cum," I croaked.

Jamie sucked a little harder whilst massaging my balls and that put me over the edge.

My cock erupted, I filled both my pantyhose and Jamie's mouth with my hot seed.

"That was awesome!" I moaned softly.

"Think I'll have the same," Rob grinned.

He stood beside me with a pair of my black pantyhose in his hand.

"Throw me a pair too!" said Jamie excitedly.

"To get the full effect of wearing pantyhose for the first time you should let someone else dress you in them, although this won't be your first time," I exclaimed.

"I knew it," said Rob. "I thought you dressed us in pantyhose last time we were here, but I was too wasted to either remember or enjoy it."

"I'm certain you will both enjoy it this time," I smiled.

I reached out for Rob's bikini, grasping the crotch between his legs with one hand whilst I massaged that big cock with the other. As I pulled his bikini down it caught on the base of his cock, I pulled harder and the waistband slid down the shaft with increasing pressure, It twanged as it finally cleared the head. Rob's cock sprang back hitting his stomach with a thwack! The bikini slid to his ankles and he stepped out of them.

Taking the hose from Rob, I got him to put his feet into both toes of the black pantyhose. 

"Enjoy," I uttered, as I slowly pulled the pantyhose up Rob's leg inch by inch.

As I pulled the nylon over his cock, Rob moaned, his cock twitching and throbbing. I sensed he was close, so quickly clamped my mouth over his cock head and sucked gently running my tongue all over it.

"AARRGHH, fuck.shit. YESSS!"

Rob bucked his hips as he came violently in my mouth, four, then five ropes filled his pantyhose and my mouth.

"Fuck, that was out of this world. Jamie, I gotta blow you!" Rob exclaimed.

Rob reached for Jamie's waistband and quickly had his friends white bikini down his legs and off.

I got Jamie's pantyhose ready to step into, pulling them up to his knees, I winked to Rob.

"He's all yours now, go for it!"

Rob slid the hose up Jamie's thighs and over his cock, eagerly getting the nylon covered shaft in his mouth. He pulled the hose over his friends butt whilst licking the head. My hand found my cock as I watched this live sex show in front of me. Jamie moaned as Rob bobbed up and down, his hands roaming all over his friends nylon clad ass. I could see clearly Jamie's legs quiver as he came in Rob's mouth.

"Wow! That's the best blow job ever!!" Jamie remarked.

Rob seeing my hard cock tenting my hose, pushed my hand away and replaced it with his mouth. As he sucked on my cock I could see that Jamie was licking Rob's nylon covered knob. They were like two possessed demons, and I was enjoying the excellent blowjob I was receiving. My cock twitched and I came again as I reached for and slowly wanked Jamie's sticky pantyhosed cock.

And so this went on for a couple of hours, rubbing and sucking each others pantyhosed cocks, never once removing our cocks from the hose.

"I've got to stop my dick's sore," I exclaimed. 

I sat on the bed and removed my sticky cum saturated hose.

"I'll keep mine on," said Rob.

"Me too," uttered Jamie.

Once they were dressed Rob went over to my drawer and took a handful of pantyhose.

"Fair swap for our briefs from last time?" He enquired.

"Sure no worries," I replied.

We exchanged cell phone numbers and then they were gone, but I'm sure I'll be seeing Rob and Jamie again some day soon!