 I am VERY attracted to gay men. That's just the way I'm wired. I didn't choose it but I certainly don't regret it. 

This proclivity has led to a life of delightful sexual satisfaction.

My lover, Carson, is a bit of a flame. Not flamboyant exactly, but very obviously gay. Not quite a cliché, but he possesses mannerisms I find delightfully homosexual. 

We have sex a lot. Anytime we're home together there will be lots of intimate interaction. 

Carson loves to embarrass me, to tease me. He is always in control, one way or another. 

One Sunday morning he strolled into the kitchen where I was making coffee. He was wearing a silky floral print robe, a woman's robe. It was also unfastened, and his large shaved penis was hanging in obvious view. I pretended to be busy at the sink, because I knew he would do something silly to make me self conscious.

I was not really in the mood for his gay stuff today. I was kinda grumpy and was hoping that my surliness would sent him a message to leave me alone for a while. This was exactly the wrong thing to do, and I knew it at the time. Carson would sense this, and would make to do things... naughty things.

He came right up to me and snuggled against me. He reached up and turned my face to his and initiated a deep wet kiss. His hand snaked inside my pajama bottoms and ever so gently he grasped my cock.

Smiling, but saying nothing he backed off a step and sat on one of the barstools at the kitchen island. His robe fell away and he lewdly thrust his hips forward and handed me a cock ring. He calls these our "wedding rings". I knew what he wanted and stopped what I was doing and turned to him. As he had taught me, I pushed his testicles through the ring one at a time, followed by his heavy cock. He handed me my ring and I pulled my cock out of my pajama bottoms and repeated the process on myself.

I knew what would happen if I resisted. The day would be ruined. He would turn bitchy and accuse me of not caring for him. This behavior would not end. We would spend the day in discussion about the meaning of our relationship. I would miss watching the football game. 

He had me... and he knew it. He smiled and pulled me to him. Our shaved cocks mingling as we kissed some more. I went deeply into our kisses. Carson would sense if I held back. I was still crabby though, and was happy that my cock stayed soft. He broke our kiss and walked to the couch. He dropped into a sideways sitting position with one leg tucked under him. He took the remote and the big screen jumped to life. The teams were lined up for the kickoff. Carson's robe was open. He was tastefully manscaped. Everything Carson did was deliberate... he was fastidious and stylish... deliciously gay. I found this very sexy in spite of my mood. 

We had an 'arrangement' when it came to watching football. Carson hated everything about spectator sports, well almost everything. He seemed to enjoy the masculinity on display. I could watch though, and he would watch with me, as long as we did it 'his way'.

He would act as bartender, and would prepare the most incredible game watching food anyone could imagine. Together we would do 'naughty' things the whole time.

Carson loved the word 'naughty'. He used it a lot in our sex talk. Naughty described the things that gay boys did with each other. 

The game started. The sound was low. I know football. I don't need the rambling commentary to know what's going on. 

Carson patted the couch next to him, and I went over. He stopped me before I sat, and told me to take my pajama bottoms off. He sort of chuckled... almost giggled as I exposed myself to him. He told me to look at him, right in the eyes, and think about last night when he had planted his seed inside me. He asked that I remember how we fucked, spitting the word out obscenely. Carson taunted me gently as my dick began to fill. He told me to stroke myself for his pleasure. His smile sparkled devilishly as he chirped that he knew exactly what I needed. 

The game on TV continued. I didn't look. I knew better. 

I reached behind and pushed a finger toward my anus, just as Carson told me to do. We both knew I was still wet from our earlier lovemaking. It felt both odd and naughty to be fingering my ass and stroking my cock in front of this gay man. 

I stared into his eyes as he recounted how his penis had yearned to shoot deeply into me. He asked if I remembered how he'd filled me with his sperm.

Carson sat forward on the couch, reached for my perfectly hard cock and pulled it to his mouth. He sucked me deeply and wetly. His hands surrounded me and fit perfectly on the globes of my ass. Carson tested the extent of my wetness with seeking fingers, then pulled off my cock and leaned back on the sofa. 

His lips were shiny with saliva. He spat a copious amount of spittle into his hand and transferred to his penis. His cock was already shiny with precum. Carson stroked himself, and smiled that knowing smile of his.

I stared at his penis. The ring insured that he was very erect and the veins on his organ pulsed aggressively. I was captivated by the sight of his masculine display. The power of his sexuality washed over me. He was turning me out... again... for the umpteenth time. It just kept happening.

Carson asked me if I 'wanted his big gay dick'. He knew I did. He was going to make me admit it. 

My face was hot and I tried to look away, but I could not. I mumbled a simple yes, knowing that this answer was not going to be enough.

Carson tilted his head and stroked himself. He gave me an expectant half smile, and waited.

I knew what he wanted. He wanted me to tell him of my need. He wanted me to declare my lust for him. He expected me to speak of my gay desire in most the carnal and lewd manner.

It's a quirk of my orientation that I have go through this reaffirmation almost every time we make love. Thankfully, Carson knows this and likes it. He indulges me. We never seem to tire of this game.

My own penis was impossibly hard and standing straight. I put my hand on it and stroked myself with the gentlest of touches. I was ultra sensitive from the constraint of my cock ring. My awareness went to my ass lips which were tingling, itching with an urge to be penetrated. 

I drew a couple of shuddering breaths and locked my eyes to his and said:

"Oh yes darling, I want your big gay cock. I want you to fill me it. I want your cock in my ass. I need it. I need you. I want to fuck and fuck and fuck you. I have never wanted anything more than I want this. I want to fuck you and feel you shoot your sweet love deep inside me. My ass is hungry for your dick. I want you to open me up and drill me. I need you to breed me, to take me, to make me yours. I want you as my lover, as my man. I will belong to you, meld with you, mate with you. Please do this, do it now. I can't wait any longer.

Carson had lost his cool demeanor. He had leaned back on the couch and was stroking himself with purpose. Now it was his face that was flushed.

Then he said through clenched teeth,

"Get your ass up here. Climb up on my cock and fuck me. Fuck me with your sweet ass. I'm gonna pump you full of cum. Your ass is still wet and open from my last fucking, and you're gonna take it again."

I moved on top of him to do what we both wanted.

I straddled him and reached back to guide him home. I plunged down with practiced grace rejoicing in the union. I felt him deep inside me. It was so good, so natural, so ... easy. I ground my hips down. I wanted every inch of him in me. The fullness was perfect. I took his nipples between my thumbs and forefingers and twisted them. Carson grabbed my cock and began stroking me furiously... painfully... but the pain was not going to keep me from climax his grip provide the perfect amount of stimulation to the underside of my penis. He reached a hand around my neck to pull me down for a kiss. We kept our mouths locked together as we gasped and grunted. The stroke of our fuck was not long, but the urgent humping was going to take us to a fast orgasm. 

Carson's vocalizations were high pitched and fey in my mouth. I clenched with every muscle at my command to please this magnificent fucker. I was making some noise back into my lover's mouth too as he brought me yet another mind blowing climax. I pumped my seed between us as Carson emptied himself into me. I was vessel for my man's cum, and was happy to be so.

We relaxed in the intense morning sunlight streaming in the windows. Our foreheads touching, we were both speechless in the glorious goodness of our coupling. We were slick with sweat. I could feel Carson's cum dribbling from my ass, tickling my balls as it dripped down. Carson softly stroked my sperm smeared cock possessively. We cuddled there afraid to move, unwilling to break the spell.

I was thinking how good this was. How amazing and unique our connection was. Our zigs and zags fit together in such a perfect fashion. 

Thank heavens we found each other.

Glancing at the TV I realized it was still the first quarter.