 I love Sundays.

I'm the only person in the house who wakes up early on a Sunday. While the wife and kids snore away, I get to enjoy the mornings and have some "me" time.

Most of the time that means I just make a coffee and watch something with my headphones in for a few hours, but sometimes, if the weather is good, I'll go fishing. I tiptoe through the house like a thief, putting together my stuff- rod and reel, bait, a thermos of coffee- and sneak out of the house to go down to the lake.

The lake is only about twenty minutes from our place and it's huge. It's also full of quiet spots to set up the rod, drink my coffee and enjoy the serenity. I was doing my Sunday-morning fishing, on and off, for years before I ever saw another soul.

But when I did, well...

I'd been at my spot for maybe half an hour when I heard the first splash in the water. I thought it might be a fish but when I listened again I realised it was more rhythmic. Someone was swimming, coming up around the corner.

My heart was pounding for some reason. It just felt weird that there would be another human being around. I felt guilty, even though I had no reason to be. I was wearing some shorts and my fishing hat, but I felt exposed. The splashing got louder and eventually I saw it was a younger bloke, maybe mid-20's, paddling through the water. I watched him go about halfway past before he noticed me.

Unlike me, he seemed perfectly fine with seeing another person. He stopped and stood in the waist-deep water and gave me a wave. I waved back, figuring that was the end of it. But then he duck-dived under the water and swam towards me. As he did it, I could see he wasn't wearing any trunks, he was completely naked!

My panicked feeling came back again. Why was he starkers? Why was he coming towards me? Still I sat there, frozen.

He reached the shore and emerged a few metres away from me. I wasn't in the habit of checking out nude blokes, but I could see he spent a lot of time at the gym and he had a pretty big sausage on him. He flicked his wet blonde hair off his face, gave me a big smile, and walked up, hand extended.

"Morning mate! Didn't think anyone else ever came here." He said.

His voice was warm and friendly and his manner was so casual that I reached out and took his hand without thinking.

"Same." I managed to get out.

"You mind if I sit for a bit? Feeling a little tired after that swim." He said, plopping down next to me.

I nodded and, eventually, managed to ask.

"Where are you clothes?"

"Oh, left 'em back on the riverbank, round the bend." He said casually, like being naked far from your clothes in public was no big deal.

"Hope nobody steals 'em." I said, staring out to the water. He had stretched out on the grass and his old fella was pretty much on display next to me.

"Doubt they would, you're the first person I've ever seen here. Unless you're gonna make off with 'em!" he laughed, sitting up and elbowing me in the ribs gently.

I chuckled too.

We were quiet for a bit, just looking out at the water.

"You should try it." He said after a while.

"What?"

"Getting nude. It's a good feeling."

"Um, thanks but I'll be right."

Something about the thought of us both being naked got my heart skipping again. I wasn't usually into blokes, although late at night surfing porn you look at all sorts of stuff, so I wasn't completely naïve about other guys. But the idea of us both being there, in the buff...well, a bit of blood went south, is what I'm saying.

'Suit yourself champ." He said, again, very casual about the whole thing, then stretched again and closed his eyes.

We carried on that way in silence for a bit until eventually I felt a pressure in my bladder. In the past I would have just left the rod in place and gone to a nearby tree, but I thought I should tell my nude visitor where I was in case he opened his eyes and I was gone. Also, I wanted him to know I wasn't going far so he wouldn't steal my rod.

His eyes were closed and his breath seemed deep, I thought he might be asleep.

"Hey mate." I said softly. He didn't respond.

"Mate." I tapped him gently on his arm. Still nothing.

Fuck it, I thought, I'll be gone half a minute at the most, and I'm not going far.

I went and relieved myself, and when I came back I could see he was still there, although he was up on his knees now.

As I got closer, I watched him through the trees. I realised what he was doing. His back was mostly to me but I could see his left shoulder moving in a way I recognised from my own experience.

He was wanking.

I froze. I was close to the treeline and behind his field of view. I thought about breaking some branches and making some noise to alert him of my return, but part of me was transfixed. While he slowly worked his member he was sucking two fingers on his other hand. I felt my cock start to stir, to my surprise.

He took his slicked fingers and reached behind him, easing one, then the other into his arse. He kept stroking his cock as he did it and arched his back a bit to get better access. I started to rub myself through my shorts without even thinking about it.

He changed position, lying on his back with his legs up in the air. He'd taken his fingers out but I could see him clearly spit on them for some more lube then guide them back in, from the front this time. I looked down and realised I'd taken out my cock and was pounding away.

Just then a nearby bird made a very loud, very unexpected call, and I looked away to see where it was coming from. When I looked back I saw my nude guest, still lying on the same position, still fingering his own arsehole, but with his head tilted and looking straight at me.

Again, I froze, my right hand still wrapped around my throbbing cock.

He grinned and motioned for me to come join him.

I didn't bother to put my knob away, just walked towards him with it swinging left and right.

When I was standing over him he looked up. He shielded his eyes from the light with his free hand but he was still rhythmically working those two fingers in and out of his chute.

"Looks like you caught me." He grinned.

"Looks like we caught each other." I said back, resuming my grip on my aching member.

"Lemme help with that mate." He said, rising up to his knees.

Before I could say anything he swiftly put his mouth around my schlong and took the entire thing down this throat. I gasped and shuddered- nobody had ever taken the whole thing before.

He went at it like a man possessed, and I was a whimpering, moaning heap as he sucked me off. I felt his hands reach around and grab my arse cheeks, working their way into my cleft. He stroked my furry hole with one finger, gently, as he pulled back and lapped at my cockhead. He started to push against my ring and I stiffened.

"It's alright." He said soothingly, kissing my dick and still stroking my hole.

"I haven't uh, well I haven't done anything with a bloke before, but I definitely haven't done bum stuff."

He stood up then, his massive hard-on whacking mine as he did, and he looked me in the eyes.

"Do you want to?"

I hesitated. A blowie was one thing, but losing my anal virginity was a bit of a head-spin.

He could see my nervousness, but also my arousal.

"Just lie down on your stomach mate, I'll go easy on ya." He said, chuckling a little.

I did as he said and noticed him rummaging through my bag.

"Ah, perfect." He declared, pulling out a big bottle of sunscreen.

As I lay there he rubbed the sunscreen into my bare shoulders and back. I could feel him straddling me, his erection pushing against the back of my shorts. Eventually he worked his way to just above the waistband.

"Let's take these off shall we?" he asked, and gave them a tug. I arched my bum up to let him pull them all the way off, and I felt a bit of his pre-cum stick to my leg hair. He resumed rubbing in the sunscreen, but as he did, he kept parting my cheeks. The feeling of cool air on my ring was enough to make me start to bar up again.

Like when he was blowing me, he started to push his fingers into my sphincter. The sunscreen worked like lube, making it easier. Eventually I felt something inside me relax and his penetrations started to feel good. I moaned a bit as he used his practiced, rhythmic fingering on me. My cock was fully hard now and I had to rise up a bit to give it relief.

"Lie on your back for a bit." He whispered, and I did as he instructed.

His rough hands parted my legs and he rubbed a large glob of sunscreen in and around my date.

"Close your eyes." He said, withdrawing his fingers. Again, I did as I was instructed and waited nervously.

I felt something larger than his fingers, but also hard and a little cold, pressing against my back passage. I lifted my head to open my eyes, but his hand guided my head back so I was looking at the sky.

"Just breath, deep breaths, in and out." He said.

And I did. And every time I breathed out he worked the hard object in a little further. I couldn't work out what it was, it didn't feel like I imagined a cock would feel. After a while though I came to love that feeling of it filling up my arse.

"How's that mate?" he asked, stroking my chest.

"That's really good, is that your dick?" I asked.

"Open your eyes, you can see now."

I opened my eyes and looked down- I had to laugh a bit when I saw what it was. He'd taken the handle of my fishing rod, the hardened heavy-duty plastic type, and worked it into my ring.

Laughing caused me to clench my arse around it, which felt amazing. He could tell as I laughed, then spasmed and my eyes rolled up into my head. He started laughing too.

"I have to stop laughing or I'm gonna cum!" I gasped.

"I can fix that." He said and quickly released the handle and moved himself to kneel next to me. He grabbed his stiffy and pushed it into my open mouth. I was shocked, but the feeling of sucking his cock while I was getting penetrated by the rod, under the hot morning sun, alone by the lake, it all felt right.

As I started to get a decent sucking motion going he reached over and took control of the rod again. He started pounding my mouth for all it was worth, causing me to nearly gag a few times, while he rapidly drove the handle in and out of my arsehole. I was starting to feel sore but also incredibly turned on. Eventually I couldn't take anymore and bucked my hips to the sky, blasting cum without even touching my cock.

My new friend immediately pulled out of my mouth and jacked his load off too, striking me in the chest and belly. At the same time he pulled the rod out completely and I felt a sudden emptiness. Overwhelmed, I lay there trying to gather my energy and my words.

I was still there, naked, covered in cum, staring up at the sky, when I heard a splash. The cheeky bugger was back in the water, making his way back. He turned back to look at me and gave me a wave.

"Thanks mate! See you next Sunday!" he called out, and duck-dove into the water again, showing off his naked arse.

So now, each week, while the family's still asleep, I creep through the house getting my stuff together. Rod and reel, a thermos of coffee, then I sneak out of the house to go down to the lake.

The lake is only about twenty minutes from our place and it's huge. It's also full of quiet spots to set up the rod, drink my coffee and enjoy the serenity.

And now, around the same time every Sunday, a naked bloke will come swimming along, join me for a bit, and we'll suck each other's cocks and he'll jam that fishing rod up my backside until I cum and then he'll swim away.

I love Sundays.