 "Why are you constipated?" asked the old man.

"Sorry," I said, "I don't like vegetables, fiber, oatmeal, salads, or anything green."

I could not believe I was telling Gilbert my deepest darkest secrets. Still, Gilbert had always been there for me. Sure, he was so much older than me, but the old man listened to me and never criticized me.

The old man shrugged his shoulders. He laughed. I tried to move my arm, but it was in a sling. The night shift was much more dangerous than I had ever imagined.

"My doctor says I need to eat more fiber," said Gilbert.

I looked at Gilbert. Even though he had no hair and he had a lot of sun spots, Gilbert was not overweight or decrepit. In fact, Gilbert seemed to move along quite well for a retired person.

"Do you?" I asked.

Once more, the old man shrugged his shoulders. Then, he patted his flat stomach.

"I eat so much fiber," said Gilbert, "I'm always in the bathroom."

I nodded my head. Ever since I had known him, Gilbert was always going to the bathroom. Since I didn't have a whole lot of friends, I often found myself chauffeuring the old man to his appointments whenever I was not at work. Since I worked the night shift, it was hard to have a decent social life like most other young guys.

"It keeps the weight off me," said Gilbert.

Gilbert smiled and I wondered if that was the reason the old man seemed to be in such great shape. It was then that I remembered what my own doctor had recommended to me. Sheepishly, I pulled out the prescription bag from my jeans pocket. It was crumped beyond recognition, but the old man was not easily fooled.

"Medicine?" asked Gilbert.

I nodded.

"What's wrong?" asked Gilbert.

That was when I pulled out the suppositories. The doctor had recommended some laxatives, but the doctor knew how much I hated to swallow pills. Quickly, I gave Gilbert a quick explanation of how it boiled down to using a suppository.

"Do use these?" I asked.

"No," said Gilbert, "But how are you going to use those with your arm in a cast?"

I shrugged my shoulders. I guess I had to go back home and have my mother help me.

"I don't know," I said.

"Do you need help?" asked Gilbert.

I grimaced.

"I can't ask you to do that," I said.

"Don't be silly," said Gilbert, "You would do the same thing for me."

I looked at Gilbert with amazement. Truth be told, there was no way I would do that for him. Still, the old man was ushering me to his bathroom. Within minutes, my pants were down and I groaned as the old man slid one of the suppositories into my tight anus.

"Done," said Gilbert triumphantly.

At that, Gilbert washed his hands. I pulled up my pants. I was not sure whether my wounded pride was hurt more than my newly violated sphincter.

"Sorry," said Gilbert, "Haven't you done this before?"

"No," I said.

"Well, I'll grease it up next time," said Gilbert, "You should have said something."

The next day, I came to see Gilbert once again. We talked about stuff before the old man popped the question.

"Did you bring the suppository?" asked Gilbert.

I blushed. I was trying find an easy way to bring up the subject, but it was hard to fool Gilbert.

"How did you guess?" I asked.

The old man got up and ushered me into this tiny bathroom.

"Do you want me to grease you up first?" asked Gilbert.

"With what?" I asked.

"Petroleum jelly," asked Gilbert.

"My mom uses that on her lips," I said.

"It's really good for hemorrhoids, too," said Gilbert, "Sometimes you can use it on engines in a pinch."

"How do you know all of this stuff?" I asked.

The old man shrugged.

"When you get as old as I am," said Gilbert, "You find ways to get by with less."

"If this is retirement," I said, "I'm not sure I want to retire."

"Well you won't meet many people working the night shift," said Gilbert, "I know I never did."

" What did you do?" I asked.

"I saved enough money and went back to school," said Gilbert.

I nodded. The old man was right.

Gilbert pointed to his bedroom.

"I'm going to find the petroleum jelly," said Gilbert, "This would be easier if you were lying down."

"Are you sure this is necessary?" I asked.

"I can't stand up too long," said Gilbert, "If you want this to go in without any pain, I might have to take my time."

At first, I hesitated. I wasn't sure I wanted to be naked on any man's bed. Still, the memory of the pain in my buttocks was still fresh on my mind. In the end, I stripped down and lay face down on Gilbert's bed. Within fifteen minutes, it was all over. Still, the suppository went in with a great deal of pain. Gilbert did his best to slather a great deal of petroleum jelly across my sphincter.

"Is this going to get any easier?" I asked.

"Relax," said Gilbert, "It will get easier. Trust me on this."

Gilbert patted me on the back as he left the room. I heard the water running int the bathroom sink as the old man washed his hands. I put my clothes back on in peace, but I was not looking forward to the next session. After I got dressed, I waved goodbye to Gilbert as he showed me to the door. He must have seen the distress on my face.

"I'll be glad to get rid of this cast," I said.

"Did it really hurt that much?" asked Gilbert, "I tried to be as gentle as possible."

"It's not you," I said, "I'm just not used to doing this."

"Well, what do you want me to try doing instead?" asked Gilbert.

"I don't know," I said.

"Maybe next time," said Gilbert, "You can just show me."

I nodded. It sounded fair. At that, Gilbert patted me on the back and hustled me along. He knew I had to go to work soon.

As I worked the night shift, I thought about everything Gilbert had said. Then I realized that I had no idea what to show the old man. What did I possibly know about rectal insertions? Then I panicked. What if the old man thought that I was gay? I didn't want to alienate the one person that seemed to give a damn about my lonely life. He knew his parents would never understand. They were still humming songs from the psychedelic era. Maybe it was time work the suppositories himself. On the other hand, I had no idea how to do that with only one good arm. I knew I was not that flexible.

When I woke up the next day, I tried to slide the suppositories myself, but I had difficulty inserting the bullet-shaped object into my rectum. Finally, I knocked on Gilbert's door.

From the look on my face, Gilbert knew exactly what had happened. He ushered me inside his tiny apartment.

"Any luck?" asked Gilbert.

"No," I said.

"Come on in," said Gilbert, "Perhaps you can show me what I need to do."

Once more, I found myself undressing in the old man's tiny bedroom. Gilbert went to the bathroom to get the petroleum jelly. Sheepishly, I lay face down on Gilbert bed. However, the old man tapped me on the shoulder. To my surprise, Gilbert was completely naked.

"Aren't you going to show me what you wanted me to do?" asked Gilbert.

To my surprise, the old man had muscle tone. His body was that of someone half his age. His hands were over his privates as he spoke to me. He seemed a little nervous to be naked in front of another guy.

When I stood up, Gilbert handed me the petroleum jelly and plopped down on his bed. To my surprise, Gilbert's hands reached down to his buttocks. Without hesitation, Gilbert spread his buttocks. Before I could protest, I was staring down at a man's sphincter. I had never seen one close up. Unfortunately, I found myself staring at his exposed rectal opening.

"What do you want me to do?" I asked.

"You show me exactly how to slide that suppository inside," said Gilbert.

"With my fingers?" I asked.

I had never touched another man's sphincter, much less another naked man. I was at a complete loss for words. All I could do was stare at his shapely buttocks. I had seen pictures of naked women and their bare buttocks would get me excited.

"If you want me to use my penis on you," said Gilbert, "You'll have to show me first."

"I don't want you to do that to me," I said quickly.

However, my penis started to rise. I had forgotten that I was naked, too. To my complete surprise, I was getting an erection looking at Gilbert's naked buttocks. I started to panic. What does that mean? I've never been attracted to men before. Did that mean I was gay? My father would never forgive me. My mother would be so disappointed.

Before I could hide my erection, Gilbert looked over. He saw my erection and his eyes grew as big as saucers.

"Wait," said Gilbert.

The old man knelt down in front of me. He placed a finger on his lips.

"I can't let you slide that thing in without any lubrication," said Gilbert.

At that, Gilbert slid his mouth down onto my penis. I felt his warm, wet mouth over my penis and almost ejaculated. I had never had any perform fellatio on me, and I was overjoyed. The old man's tongue seemed to dance around the head of my penis. Without thinking, I pressed Gilbert's head onto my lap. I was nearly breathless with happiness.

When Gilbert finally released my penis, I took the old man and flipped him over. I saw his exposed buttocks and pulled them apart. Without ceremony, I ruthlessly thrust my penis into his rectal cavity. There was something primal how my penis sank into the tight little hole. I felt his warm flesh tighten around my member. I watched the entire length of my penis slide inside.

"Oh my God," said Gilbert, "You're so big."

The old man moaned. I grabbed either side of his buttocks and thrust the rest of my penis deep inside his rectum. Then the feeling came. I felt a twinge of sexual excitement in my toes before I started to ejaculate. My entire body rocked.

"Oh no," said Gilbert, "I can't take it anymore."

I started to lose control. I could not believe that I was actually violating my best friend's anus. I was shooting hot seed where the sun didn't shine. When I finally stopped ejaculating, I released Gilbert. The old man fell onto the bed. He was trying to catch his breath.

My half-flaccid penis popped out of his tight rectum as sperm gushed out. With great remorse, I stood there with the complete realization that I had just sodomize my best friend.

"I'm so sorry," I said, "I'm not sure what came over me."

Gilbert didn't look up.

"I didn't realize that you wanted me to use my penis on you," said Gilbert.

The old man turned around. With great anticipation, I wondered what his reaction would be. Would he think I was a pervert? Would he tell everyone I was gay? The questions ran through my head. I wanted to run, but my brain could not activate my legs. I was frozen in front of the old man.

To my surprise, Gilbert put his finger on his lips again. He was calm, but he frowned when he noticed that my sperm was leaking out of his anus.

"You can't tell a soul," said Gilbert quietly.

All I could do was nod my head in agreement. Still, I had a million questions running through my head. Was I born like this? Does this mean I don't like girls?

"Do you masturbate at all?" asked Gilbert.

"No, not really," I said.

Gilbert tried to catch goo dripping down between his legs. I was so embarrassed.

"You really should masturbate more," said Gilbert, "I have never seen that much come out of one guy."

With that, Gilbert wandered off to his bathroom to get a towel. Then I remembered that I still had a suppository to cram into my rectum. I looked around and wondered where that bullet-shaped capsule had gone.

Suddenly, I felt someone pull my buttocks apart. I was caught by surprise and nearly jumped. However, two strong hands held onto me and felt Gilbert's finger slid into my rectum.

"I think you dropped your medicine," said Gilbert.

"Oh my God," I said, "You're going so deep."

I felt his giant finger probing around deep inside my rectum. Once his finger was inside, I could feel every little twitch. There was a slight movement in and out, but it was not painful. In fact, I looked down and saw a little liquid leak from my half-flaccid penis. What was going on? Was I getting excited?

"What are you doing back there?" I asked.

"Just close your eyes and enjoy," said Gilbert.

The old man walked me to his bed and let me lie face down while he worked his magic. With his finger still in my rectum, I tried to relax. Minutes later, my breathing started to get faster and faster. I closed my eyes to feeling. I was going to ejaculate again.

"Oh no," I said, "I can't stop it."

"Don't worry," said Gilbert, "I was going to change the sheet anyway."

"I'm really sorry," I said.

"Just enjoy the feeling," said Gilbert.

At that, my penis soaked the sheet with my seed. I felt so dirty. Here I was spilling my sperm all over the old man's bed. I felt Gilbert's finger grow stiff. Within minutes, the old man slid his finger out. I felt a wave of relief as the cool air hit my exposed rectal cavity. I felt so tired. Usually, I was terrified of naked men. Still, here I was practically falling asleep on a bed with shameful sheets.

I tried to catch my breath as Gilbert went to the bathroom. I heard the water flowing out of the faucet. Undoubtedly, Gilbert was washing his hands again. The old man returned and helped me get my clothes back on. He knew I had to go to work.

"You can't tell a soul," said Gilbert, "If you keep this a secret between the two of us, we'll do this again, okay?"

I nodded and went away. From that day onward, I started to see the world in a different light. Unlike the other guys my age, I forgot all about the girls who didn't want to date me anyway. I didn't care that I didn't have a social life. I saved my money and eventually went to back to school.

I could not wait to see Gilbert. He never said we were gay or discussed the politics of what we were doing. Later on, Gilbert admitted that he had developed similar relationships with other men after his wife had died. Most of the women his age had no interest in sex, so he found other guys just like him. I was now one of those guys until he finally passed away. By that time, I had enough money to buy a house after I finished school. Even though I'm married now, I still think about Gilbert.