 Please note that as always, we used condoms for the anal sex but for the purposes of this story I have omitted their use. Please play and stay safe.

************************************

We have a neighbour who rents some land from us here in France, an old guy and his wife, mainly to grow vegetables and keep some chickens. Occasionally they gift us some leeks, carrots or fresh eggs. They are visited from time to time by a handsome guy who I assumed was their son, early 20s. In fact, he is the nephew, son of the wife's sister. He introduced himself one day as Ben. 

I had discussed once with his aunt how I enjoyed cooking and healthy diets, believing that you are, or can be, what you eat. Hence, the fresh home grown vegetables that they sometimes give us. And Ben came to ask my advice, on the suggestion of his aunt, about eczema. It seems he gets it quite badly and from what I could gather over most of his body. He didn't like using the topical ointments and found them to be ineffective as well as either expensive or they spoiled his clothing. Funnily enough, I did have a book about eating yourself healthy for many ailments and eczema was one of them so I agreed to lend it to him. As I took it from the shelf, my "Gay-to-Z of Sex" fell from the bookcase too and he picked it up and said he'd read up on that too.

"You guys need a manual? What's in it?" he asked.

"It's like a straight sex guide but if you can't substitute the vagina with a penis, then the chapter doesn't exist," I said. "And don't let your aunt see it." 

My boyfriend, Dave, chided me afterwards for letting him take it but it wasn't hard core pornography and I figured as he'd asked and the equivalent could be bought in the adult section of most bookstores in large towns, it wasn't something I really needed to prevent.

So he disappeared with my healthy eating book and gay sex guide, a strange mix of bed time reading for a young heterosexual, doubly so perhaps when he would deploy his smart phone to translate from English to French...

Two weeks passed and he again called at his aunt's house, then ours, returning the diet book (but not the sex book). He told me that he hadn't yet seen results from the diet but was interested to know my thoughts about ultra violet light, ie sunshine. I have an ex-boyfriend who greatly benefited from moderate doses of sun when his psoriasis flared up and I suggested, if his physician approved, it could be of benefit. Seemingly, he'd already had a consultation and she had told him to try it, in moderation as I suggested, and so he was up for it. The only problem he had was that the area of his body in question was usually covered, even on most beaches, as it affected not only his legs and torso but most of the body in between.

How Dave and I get into these situations, I will never know, but we agreed to take him to a secluded area of the nearby nudist beach and spend only 30 minutes or so bronzing ourselves. Now I am a little reserved about nudity amongst friends so we lay out our towels, undressed with some hesitation and shyness and lay down. Poor Ben was probably less shy than a slut like me. I didn't even sneek a peek, I just kept an eye on the time and had him turn over every 10 minutes. In fact, we managed 40 minutes total, 20 minutes on his belly and 20 on his back. 

The next day was another session, he drove the 3 of us to the beach again and we stayed 40 minutes. He was with his aunt and uncle for a week but day 3 was not good weather and day 4, we stayed a whole hour. I managed a few sly glances of his body, he was in good shape and the patches of eczema were visibly less angry but I didn't want to stare or get caught checking him out or have him think I was looking at his skin condition so I just bronzed myself nicely and enjoyed the opportunity.

The following day, we had things to do sadly as the sun was shining and there were no clouds but it is possible to lay in our back yard without clothes and so we offered Ben the use of our space and seemingly he took it although we didn't get back from our shopping and appointments until after he had gone. The next day he told us that he had a full two hours and as he had some colour now, wasn't burning and that he looked and felt better than he had done in a long while.

All too soon, his week's stay was coming to an end and we headed to the beach for the last time. When he wasn't looking, I gave him the once over. More than once. He really was good looking naked, fine blond hair lightly covering his chest and stomach, some but not too much on his butt cheeks and a slightly hairy arse crack, muscular legs and broad but not particularly defined arms and chest. And a big uncut cock which had remained flaccid all week which, as I thought about it, caused mine to stir a little. But all too soon, our time was up and Ben was happy to have benefited from the ultra violet on his last day but anxious to make a move as he was driving back to Paris that same evening with another college friend.

We headed home and said googoodbye, not exactly sure when we'd see him again as he studies in Amiens which is a lively student city and often visits Paris if he can crash with friends. Otherwise he goes to his parents but I think comes to see his aunt and uncle moreso in summer as the weather is better to visit as staying indoors all the time with family can be a challenge.

Some weeks later, out of the blue but just as the nights were drawing in and perhaps a couple of weeks after the school and college holidays had finished, there we a knock at the door one Saturday evening. I was preparing dinner and Dave answered. It was Ben.

"Hey, how are you?" I asked.

"Great thanks, arrived this morning, lunch with my aunt and uncle, shopping in Le Touquet this afternoon..." he said.

"Dinner with us?" I asked.

"Do you have enough? That would be really nice," he said, and so I changed my plans and recipe somewhat to make what we were going to have between the 2 of us stretch in to a decent meal for 3. There's always enough wine in reserve so we aren't ever short in that department!

Ben disappeared to tell his aunt he was eating with us and returned bearing gifts of home grown herbs and some beans which I made him promise to thank his aunt for and said I would use the next day. Meanwhile we all had a couple of glasses of wine as dinner cooked and another couple of glasses with dinner. We ate well, chatted about his studies and musical interests and talked in a mixture of French and English about all sorts. Then the conversation turned to the diet he'd been following and how it had really helped. However, I soon realised we were at cross purposes as he had realised that the eczema diet and the eating regime in the gay sex guide enabling better anal intercourse were very similar and so decided out of curiosity to follow the latter. (For doubters, being able to facilitate a cock you need to be empty and ideally clean and eating certain foods can make this easier.)

For once I was almost speechless and quite pleased too when he announced how much the initial week of sunshine with us, followed by his healthy eating, had cleared up almost totally.

"In fact I'd like to do something to show you both how grateful I am," he said. And with that he stood up and removed his t-shirt and dropped his jeans.

"Look," he said. Stood there with his trousers round his ankles, wearing very tight white designer briefs, he was bronzed and not at all like the white guy covered in red patches we had first taken down to the beach. The sun had even lightened his hair. And he had clearly read the chapter on posture as he held his chest out.

"Wow," said Dave and I could only agree. He stepped out of his trousers completely.

"And it's better all over," said Ben, as he lowered his briefs. Despite our times on the beach, this was the first time that I had been able to properly scan his body in its entirity like this and as he stood to attention, my cock began to stand to attention too. I walked around and looked at his flawless, muscular butt cheeks too before daring to run my hand slowly down one of them.

"Nice, you look great," I told him. And then I ran my hand from his shoulders down his back and on to his warm arse again, before walking to the front and rubbing his chest, this time with both hands. I stopped and toyed with his hard and cute little nipples and stared into those deep blue innocent eyes. He smiled so I guessed he was enjoying it and I allowed myself a look down, confirming he was.

Dave had disappeared to do what he does best. Strip off and return with lube and poppers. I meanwhile, descended on to my knees so my mouth was face with his almost fully erect member and licked the tip of his foreskin teasingly where a drop of precum had formed. I then took a little more in my mouth whilst running my hands down his firm torso and pushed the foreskin back with my mouth, so that my lips could really show the ridge of his helmet a good time. Dave knelt down with me and we shared for a while before I stòod up, leaving Dave servicing the shaft so I could quickly undress. I stood behind him, rubbing my own rock hard cock in his crack before kneeling too and gliding my tongue down it, he was so clean that I could taste only his innocent masculinity, a little sweat and that great taste of raging excitement. I parted his cheeks a little and teased his ring which tightened at first but then, as Dave swallowed more of his shaft, relaxed somewhat. I wasn't too rough, nor did I probe too deep as I remembered my own first time being rimmed and the novelty of a warm, wet tongue almost tickling my then tight anus.

We continued for a little while and I moved to the front to take over the cock sucking from Dave, who stood up and went round Ben's back, but before taking his shaft in my mouth, I wanted to pay some respect to his bollocks. Whilst his bush was naturally neat, as I took one and then the other in my mouth, sucking on them quite hard, I was pretty sure he'd shaved them as they were so smooth. I guessed he'd read the chapter on manscaping to. And he seemed to enjoy the attention they were getting.

Now if he'd followed the bum sex diet, I guessed it must have been for a reason so after letting his nuts escape my sucking, I looked up and asked him if he was up for a little Dave. And although Dave is quite small, just over 5 inches when hard (and cut too) he is ideal for a virgin bottom. Ben didn't say anything. Nor did he need to, he just gave me a dirty smile and pushed his arse back so I returned to the shaft sucking and let Dave sort out his apparently curious hole.

So many times now we have sandwiched guys between us, usually we find it easier for Dave to fuck them once their cocks are in my arse, but Ben was different somehow. Dave lubed up his own cock but Ben's arse was still wet from my spit and I heard Dave offer him poppers to relax him. He initially said no but once Dave's tip was in his sphincter, he took the bottle from Dave's clenched hand and took a good long sniff. Clearly they had the desired effect as after only a few seconds he pushed himself back onto Dave's rock hard erection until he was in conkers deep.

He then straightened himself up so Dave followed, moving his hips forward a little, and his cock- or at least what of it I could fit- remained rock hard and in my mouth. I stood up and turned around, offering him my own asshole that I had lubed when Dave had finished putting it on his cock, all the while using only my mouth to see to Ben's hard on. I took a sniff of the poppers too, having taken them from Dave, and although I offered Ben my ass in reality I just walked slowly and steadily backwards until it rode up my crack and found the entrance of its own accord. Now, now, now, we were where we ought to be.

Dave knows me too well and when he fucks me, he goes slow and gentle, rubbing the ridge of his helmet over my prostate to give me maximum pleasure and sensation. I knew he'd do the same for Ben, who was clearly a novice, but forgivable as he was as hard as rock and 20 years younger than us. So I made sure I rode him once he was in as he filled me completely with his meat so I rocked backwards and then forwards, heightening the pleasure for my arse and hopefully his knob. I made sure not to go too far forward and really clamped down hard as I felt his bell end around my own well tuned ring muscles. 

Bum fucking is great when done right and Dave knows how to do it, as unlike anal sex, pleasure is a two way street, so he wanted Ben to enjoy the ride. Dave even shoots with his spunk shooting across the g-spot and he cums loads so it can be felt and enjoyed by both parties. And tonight was no different as Ben bit his bottom lip, I took a last inhale of amyl... and Dave began spurt after spurt of his cream right up Ben's now initiated mancunt. 

Jeez, I felt each ejaculation, he usually goes five to seven, but as we hadn't shot for a while it wasn't until his eighth thrust that he pushed or pleasured Ben over the edge. He let out one huge roar and was the exact opposite of Dave, it was one massive long and protracted release of juice, filling my guts warmly and immediately. Christ, it was quick but at least he had stayed hard enough to do the deed. And for a beginner, with enthusiasm and some volume.

It doesn't take much to make me shoot once the deed has been done, I'm so horny from the experience and sometimes the novelty. This was both and as the last of Ben's seed filled me and before he had withdrawn or deflated, I began to spunk out like a firework exploding. One, two... three massive pumps of my warm fresh jizz, powerfully shooting forwards by perhaps a metre each thrust before a few smaller trickles. Thank god for easily mopped riled floors!

And we were done. Spent and seeded. All held in a line, all facing the same way, until the other two deflated and slipped out of their hidey holes, both Dave's and Ben's as clean as they entered and glistening from the previous good squeezed of lube. We hugged.

"Amazing," said Ben. "I really wanted to thank you guys for helping me with my skin issue. I just hadn't realised how much I'd enjoy it too."

He's coming round again next time he's at his aunt's, returning my book. If only I could remember what the next chapter was... and already I can't wait to find out.