 Although a true story, please note that for both ducks, condoms were used but I have omitted this fact from this piece. Stay safe, guys.

************ ******************

My boyfriend Dave and I were on another winter break, this time in Faro. It was only for 4 days, thanks to low cost aviation. My lack of knowledge of the place, never having visited, meant there would be enough to occupy us regardless of weather and I had researched the internet for gay things to do or gay places to go... of which there are practically none except a couple of naturist beaches and a couple of restrooms that we Brits call cottages. However, the place is very friendly, very gay friendly and we caught some sunshine at one of the 2 beaches although with the wind coming in straight from the Atlantic, it was only for a couple of hours and we were the only ones there.

I had rented an apartment, the plan was to eat out every evening and take the rest as it came but after the first night I was somewhat disappointed with the restaurants in town, too touristy for my liking, and after the afternoon at the beach on the second day, I decided we would eat in as I love cooking.

After the beach, we both showered to rid ourselves of the sandblasting we had suffered. Unbeknown to Dave, my new backless underwear had arrived in the post 2 days before we flew and after my shower- and whilst he was having his- I slipped them on, tucking my freshly shaved dick in tight. I had also, in readiness for the sex session I had anticipated for later, slipped a cock ring over my flaccid penis. I'm not cut and grow to about 7 inches when hard, Dave also shaves and he is cut, with less length than me, he is only about 5 and a half inches when solid. But he gets rock hard and uses his little tool to good effect either blowing his load in to my mouth without me gagging or filling my arse after I've ridden him without me feeling like I'm going to rip in two.

He came out of the bathroom and went to dress, I was already dressed with my new jock under my trousers, not exactly sure at what stage I'd be dropping them. The plan was to have a walk and a drink as well as pick up groceries for dinner before coming back to eat once I'd prepared the meal. 

We headed to the large supermarket which was open until 20h30 with a small empty rucksack and looked round at what to buy that would be tasty and not too arduous to cook, we were on holiday after all. I was aware of a guy a little younger than us, single or at least by himself, also shopping. Hell, there were probably several single guys in the supermarket but this one was noticeable because he was attractive. Early 30s, slim build, 5 foot 7, good shape from what I could gather, dark hair and brown eyes, light olive skinned. Typically Portuguese. The reason I say 'from what I could gather' about his shape is that like most Mediterraneans, he was wearing more clothes, specifically a jacket, than us from colder climes.

He didn't follow us particularly, nor did he cruise us, it was just at almost every turn he was there or vice versa. However, after very nearly bumping in to him, we both smiled at each other and I sensed if he knew how to cruise two guys, he probably would. 

"Cute," I said to Dave, thinking he'd either tut, roll his eyes or be too engrossed with the ingredients for dinner to be objective.

"Fuckable arse," was his response.

Anyway we got to the self service tills as the queue was shortest and, as had been for the last 20 minutes shopping, so was our friend. He didn't look at us but he was certainly smiling. He went before us but had an issue and so the supervisor had to be called meaning we got through first. I turned back as we left the store and waved. He waved back.

We headed up the escalator and as it was still mild enough to sit outside, there was a bar on the outside of the shopping centre still serving. And of course, it was a couple of hundred metres from the tourist centre so we were surrounded by people who lived, worked and shopped nearby. I love the authenticity and ambiance of places like that rather than poncey decor with prices to match, full of holiday makers. We had just ordered our drinks, a glass of white wine each. Normally we do red but were having a bottle with dinner so I ordered white and pretended it was summer. At that moment, the guy from the supermarket came out and he saw us sat at the table. I smiled again and he smiled back so I nodded for him to come and join us, thinking he wouldn't. However, he came and sat down, introduced himself as Telmo and at that point the waitress returned and so I asked him what he'd like to drink. He took his lead from us and a third glass of wine soon appeared.

He spoke a little English, well quite a lot, certainly more than our Portuguese. He too had done some shopping for his meal, he worked down near the marina selling excursions and had finished once the last boat returned and disembarked.

We chatted about our stay, the town, the weather (of course) and where we came from, I think he was sussing out if we were an item. 

"Holiday together, play together," I said, hoping that left little doubt. I asked if he'd like another drink but he suggested we go to his apartment as he had a bottle of vinho verde in the fridge he was happy to share with us, something almost unique to Portugal. What had we to lose, I thought. And just maybe...

He lived about 2 streets away and we were at his place in no time, taking off our shoes as we entered. I took the chair so Dave had to sit next to him on the couch and he came in with 3 glasses and the bottle of wine which he opened and poured. I pretended it was lovely although to be honest I didn't really think so, Dave was a little non-committal. 

Conversation dried up, not out of awkwardness but small talk can only last so long, especially as there was, I thought, a little sexual tension in the air.

"Play together? Sex together? You like sex?" he asked.

"Thought you'd never ask," said Dave, and with that leaned over and placed a hand on his crotch. I smiled at Telmo who relaxed and Dave played more with his growing bulge. I stood up and they both looked at me.

"Carry on," I said as I removed my t-shirt. I'm in pretty good shape too and keep my chest shaved, I have some definition and I think Telmo liked what he saw. I undid my belt and lowered my trousers, standing there in my new briefs. From his angle, he couldn't see they were backless but he removed his own top and I was pleased to see that although he wasn't muscular, he was an attractive shape with a light covering of dark body hair from his chest to his stomach. This lead all the way down to his waistband which Dave was now unfastening, and he leaned in to see if Telmo liked some tongue action. It appeared he did.

I squeezed my own bulge a little knowing the cock ring would keep me hard and unsure if the new briefs would contain my erection as they were just very slightly too small, a drawback of not being able to try before you buy underwear, especially mail order. Telmo kept his briefs on, or more to the point Dave hadn't removed them but his cock was standing to attention and looked to be about 6 inches, fatter than both of ours.

I stepped over and bent down to play with it so Dave could undress himself, he had come out commando so once the trousers were off, his cute and rock hard little cock stood straight upright. Telmo played with my bulge with one hand and took Dave's cock with the other, I leant in and let his warm tongue enter my mouth and tease my own.

He stood up to step out of the trousers that were round his ankles and to drop his briefs, the 3 of us enjoying a group deep kissing moment of tongues in all and each of the other mouths. Telmo cupped round my arse and was pleasantly surprised that my buttocks (and therefore crack and hole) were exposed, and he delighted in running a couple of fingers down my crack. I was unsure whether or not to reciprocate as he'd been working all day whereas we had showered only an hour before, but I couldn't if I'd wanted to as Dave was already behind him, sandwiching him between us.

As I had his mouth to myself, it seemed a shame to stop my tongue and his playing together but I wanted to taste that cock. It was gleaming when I got down there, I had noticed the wet patch in his underwear and precum can be a real aphrodisiac to me so was keen not to let any get away. I took the helmet of his uncut knob in my mouth, licked the piss slit and slowly pulled back the foreskin, tasting and teasing his juicy, salty ridge.

As I had bent rather than knelt, my arse was still within fingering distance of his hand and so as I gently and slowly sucked, he fingered my ringpiece and Dave wedged his own knob in Telmo's crack.

"I have lube," he said. And walked out of the room, boner proudly leading the way, before returning with a tube and a small bottle of poppers and resuming his position. I was moving my mouth further down his shaft now, taking in the aroma of his neat bush and cupping his bollocks in one hand, tugging slightly on his hairless scrotum. I love the smell of pubes, that mix of natural body scent, a hint of piss and, on hot days, sweat so I bobbed my head up and down his shaft getting a good sniff. He also started playing with my ass crack and opening again.

I stood up and faced him, pulling him really close to me and pushed his hard cock between my legs, directly under my balls as I raised myself a little on my toes. The end of his knob was just protruding from my crack and as I lowered myself back down an inch, it touched against my cheeks. I kissed him deep as Dave pawed at his nipples and rubbed his own shaft in Telmo's crack.

I sat on the edge of the sofa as they remained standing like that, again sucking just his helmet and tasting his latest delivery of precum. As I did so, I opened the lube and applied a generous squeeze to my middle and forefinger then moved my hand to paste it at my clean and wanting arsehole. I stopped sucking and squeezed a second lot which I rubbed on Telmo's helmet and shaft, placing the lube on the coffee table.

Remaining on the edge of the sofa, I lay back and my pouch was full to bursting but I spread my legs so Telmo could see at least some of what was on offer. He took the hint and got on to his knees so his dick was level with my entrance, placed with his hands the tip of his knob against it and leaned in to continue our kissing. Dave came and stood behind him, and I felt him pass me the poppers. I broke off our tongue fun and took a deep inhale, the warm buzz hit me almost immediately and I moved my hips forward a couple of inches so he could enter my mancunt. 

Me and Dave have been in similar situations before and have learnt from experience that those who are versatile haven't usually been sandwiched so to be gentle with them, hence as I held his cock just insi inside me, Dave lubed up his own cock and Telmo's arse, to which he offered no resistance.

The two of them both took a sniff of the poppers, I felt the rush to Telmo's hard on instantly and knew it would loosen his ring as it had mine, Dave knelt behind him and slowly eased his little bell end inside. Telmo's eyes widened but now he was in a position where he could rock back on to Dave's cock, pulling some but not all the way out of me and then push back in to me with a slight thrust of his hips as Dave moved with him, pushing himself further in. Several rockings of his hips later and he was appeared on Dave and almost all the way up my arse, his bollocks banging just underneath my own.

The problem with this position is that we never know the etiquette about who should come first and I'm a bit fussy about playing with cock that's been up arse, plus I wanted his Portuguese spunk right up my arse. He made me hornier by the solidness of his cock inside me, rubbing my g-spot. Similarly for Dave, the view of his own hairless stomach banging against Telmo's butt cheeks and the sight of his bald cock shaft disappearing up and sliding in and out of the arse as I looked on, getting fucked, was a huge turn on. We let our host take things- and give too- at his pace.

I knew another sniff of poppers might tip one of us over the edge, I had hoped it would be Dave first, thinking that as he spurted up Telmo's ass, that would be the trigger for him to fill mine. I motioned for Dave to pass me them, and he took a sniff first before doing so. Telmo also inhaled a breath and pushed further back on to Dave's dick, as he opened his arse more.

Dave whacked one of Telmo's buttocks and shouted some obscenity before moaning, the sound of cum. He pumped several times and emptied his balljuices in to Telmo's guts. And yes, as I'd hoped, that was the trigger for him to pump faster in my arse, making a squelching noise which if I hadn't been so engrossed in enjoyment with, I would have laughed at or been disgusted at. But he kept on pumping faster and I rode that hard cock until he gasped and shot his load over sixor seven grunts and jerks. I felt it too, deep within me.

That only left me tto mum but my own throbbing tool was confined to the jock I was wearing. As Telmo slipped out of my just filled arse, he pulled at my underwear and my cock sprang free and upright. He took the end in his mouth and it was too much after the pleasure I'd just had, all I could do was shout "I'm cumming" before exploding in his mouth.

At least I had managed to warn him and he kept his mouth there, taking it all in, but I was pretty sure he wouldnt be a swallower so once he let my cock drop back on my stomach, I leant in to kiss him so he could empty my jizz into my mouth and I would swallow it myself. Sometimes when I am alone, or indeed with Dave, I wank off with my shoulders on the floor and my legs over my head, I must look like an acrobat, but I can get my own spunk in my mouth and, if Dave's with me, he can rim me, fuck me or just play with my arse as it's up in the air. I'm used to the taste. I fucking love spunk, mine or anybody else's.

So we were done, all spent. Me and Dave went back to the apartment for dinner, leaving Telmo with hopefully happy memories of what he had picked up in the supermarket. We certainly did.