 This just happened to me today!

But it all started last night. My buddy came over and we sat around shooting the breeze; took a ride in his hotrod- a '69 RoadRunner! Way cool! We came back and proceeded to get pretty drunk. So I fed him, gave him some water to sober him up some, and then he left. I was home alone now. My wife is away for the weekend, and when she's away, I like to play. I put some music on and poured another drink. I started playing with my nipples. They are very sensitive and often that's all I need to get myself started on my self-pleasuring escapade. 



It didn't take long before I pulled off my clothes and was stark naked on the couch. My cock was about half hard just from tweaking my nipples. I grabbed some lotion and began to stroke it long and slow. I had to turn off the music; I wanted some visual stimulation. I put some porn on the big screen. I just grabbed whatever DVD I got my hands on first, which turned out to be Shemale-On-Shemale. Awesome! One of my favorites!

I'll tell you now, that except for a very long time ago and some youthful experimentation, I have had only heterosexual sex. But seeing these beautiful women with beautiful cocks has really stirred up my bi-curious cravings! Big Time! I immediately fast-forwarded to what I call "The Revelation" - where the beautiful woman reveals that she is so much more than ordinary. The latino gurl has just pulled out the cock of her ebony friend, and to her amazement it is much bigger than she was expecting. She immediately takes the 10-12" cock into her mouth. My eyes are fixated on her beautiful cock disappearing into this gurl's mouth. Wow, she could take damn near the whole thing down her throat. My hands were fixated on my bulging cock!

I wanted this to last. I slowed down the pace and went to the drawer and pulled out my butt plug. It's a small one; about 4" and about 1.5" at it's thickest. But it does the trick. I lube it up and slowly insert it into my eager browneye. It's been awhile since I've used it, so my anal opening is resistant at first. So I put my middle finger inside my butthole first. It goes in easy, so I push it in all the way! I love how the inner walls of my anus feel! I can't wait till the day my cock feels what my finger is feeling right now. I fuck my own ass with my finger for a brief moment, but I am too eager to get the butt plug in me. I try again with the butt plug. My asshole is a bit more relaxed and it slides in much easier. I LOVE when the thick part slides through my tight little hole! I like it even more when I push it back out! The sensation is intense. I like it so much so that I pull it back out and insert it again, and again, and again'85 fucking my ass with the butt plug. Oh My! It really turns me on when I remember my finger'85 mmm, I bring it up under my nose and smell the aroma of my ass. I love the musky scent! I take several deep breaths while still working the butt plug in and out of my hole. I get a tingling, high sensation all over.

Finally, I take one more whiff of my finger, then stick into my mouth and suck my flavor off of it! I simply must get back to my dick, which has been eagerly waiting while I serviced my stinkhole. It's still semi-hard and still slippery with lube. With the butt plug firmly in my ass, I set out to achieve orgasm! Long, slow strokes to start out; drives me crazy when my fingers go over the ridge of my penis. I use my free hand to rub on my nipples. Remember, they started this whole thing. On the TV screen, my two she male friends are into some really hot buttfucking. Me and my 4 inch buttplug is nothing compared to the massive cock up that gurl's ass! The one on "top" also has a really healthy set of balls, that are actually knocking into the balls of her bottom girl. This is way too much. I need to cum. My strokes get shorter and faster, concentrating on the spot just below the head on the under side. As my muscles start to prepare for an explosion, my butthole clenches onto the plug inside me. This is awesome. Ideally, Id like to pop the plug out just as I cum, but I don't know if I'll have enough concentration at that precise moment to make that happen. I lie back on the couch and pump my cock. My ass tightens even more. My muscles begin to contract. I fight to hold it off as long as possible, letting it build in intensity. MMMMMMGGGGGGGGUUUHHHHHH!!!!! I shoot a large stream of jizz up onto my chest! And another one onto my belly. Finally, a third contraction spits cum out that just runs down my cock and over my hand. I keep stroking, as the sensation is still pulsing throughout my body. I want to take my hand off my dick and lick off the cum, but for now it needs to remain on my "spot" till the waves die down.

Finally, the feeling resides to just a smolder. I lick the cum from my hand, as I promised myself I would. It tasted just a bit stronger, more bitter, than it's normal sweet flavor, but still a yummy treat! But now, the effects of a heavy-duty orgasm, combined with several drinks, and already lying on the couch'85 wouldn't you know I dozed off.

'85

The doorbell rings.

Oh My! I jump. I am still half asleep, surprised by the doorbell, and quite hungover. I don't even think about why I am on the couch and naked. I pull on the pants that I had left on the floor. That should have been another clue. I ran to the door with just my pants on. I opened the door to find the lawn care guy, who was there to collect his pay for the month's lawn service. The look on his face said I looked like a train wreck. Till he saw something sticky all over my chest and belly.

"What's that on your belly?", he asked.

In my severely compromised state, I wasn't thinking very clearly. I just said, "You really don't wanna know."

Now, this guy and I, we chat from time to time when he picks up his check, but I wouldn't exactly say we're buds. He says, "Maybe I DO wanna know", as he pokes my chest, sticking his finger in one of the thickest parts of my cum, which hadn't quite dried yet. He takes that finger and puts it to his mouth. "Hmmm", he says. "Just as I thought. Looks like somebody had fun last night" I was shocked. And embarrassed. Didn't have a response at all. But he kept going.

"I'd like to get a taste of that when it's fresh", he said. "Mind if I come in for a minute?"

"Well, OK", I stuttered, as he pretty much let himself in anyway.

"Sit down, relax, let me help you get cleaned up", he told ME

So I did what I was told. What happened next was unexpected, but I couldn't stop him. He knelt in front of me and started licking the sticky cum off my belly. He didn't ignore my erect nipples, when he had the chance, but I could tell he was really into eating my cum. Even though it was from last night. "MMMMM", was all he kept saying. As he licked it, you could see it glisten again, as it became wet again. I almost didn't notice he was rubbing my cock through my pants. He looked up at me and said, "I bet there's another place that needs cleaning up, isn't there?"

I was still speechless, as he started to undo my pants. As he pulled out my cock, "mmmmm" was all he said again. But this time it came from somewhere deep down inside, A very guttural moan, if you will. There was "cheese" in the "eye" of my penis, and down over the head, and even a thin layer down one side. He slid his mouth onto my cock, then just held it there, just to moisten the dried cum, and then he held it there even longer, savoring the flavor of my cum on my semi hard cock. "MMMM," was all I could hear. I was reminded of my own cum-eating fantasies. He's really enjoying my cum, even my stale cum. That's hot to me. Now it's me saying "mmmmm." Then he stated slurping my cock, sucking a little harder, making sure he got all the old cum, but no doubt working toward a shot of warm, fresh cum. His head was bobbing, his lips were tight around my penis, which was quite stiff by now! As I looked down at him, I couldn't help but think, "You just never know about people, do you?" But then I thought, "Is it him I'm surprised by, or is it me?" Here I am letting another man give me head. And I'm loving it! 

As he sucks on my cock, I have both hands free to tweak both my nipples. This will put me over the edge, I'm sure. It's quite hot watching him suck me off. I think it's his enthusiasm that excites me most. Well, that and the sight of my cock sliding in and out of his mouth. With one hand he is gently fondling my balls, and the other hand is rubbing with some pressure on my browneye. He slurps and slobbers all over my cock, as it "pops" out of his mouth and bounces a couple times before he can get it back into his mouth. It really looks like he is having just as much fun, if not more, than I am. That excites me. I begin to thrust into his mouth. He senses that I am getting close to cumming. He starts to stroke the shaft of my cock with his left hand, holding my balls in his right, and with his mouth he concentrates on the head of my cock and the area just below it- the "spot". I am pinching my nipples hard at this point. My muscles tighten, my hips thrust forward- mmmmpppphhhh- I drop a load into the back of his throat. I can't help it, but I grab the back of his head and hold it firmly so my cock stays back in his throat, with it surrounded by his tongue and throat. It probably wasn't as big a load as he had just cleaned up, but the orgasm was way more intense. Nothing like a warm, wet mouth on your cock. And a man who knows how to do it!!

I think I want that again!!! Good chance, too. He cuts my grass every week. Oh, the possibilities...}