 I'm failing my web design course at one of the top universities in the Midwest. It's my second year here and I'm actually majoring in web design but I'm more interested in the design aspects of it not so much the programming. If I wanted to code I would've done computer science. This course is called "Video in Web 2.0 Sites" so I figured it would be about designing those sites but most of the assignments have us coding so I've all but given up. The professor is apparently an expert in the field so he runs a pretty tough class.

The professor is a big guy too; I think he rides motorcycles. He wears the mandatory dress shirts and pants but they're just tight enough—or he's that big enough—for a glimpse of his muscles to be outlined on his arms for his chest to firmly stand out and even for the outline of his crotch to sometimes press against the black or khaki fabric. His hair is close-shaved and greying. On the first day of class he told us he has a tattoo on each of his arms but since it's midway through winter semester we've only seen him in long sleeves.

I've gotten to the point where instead of listening to our professor lecture I just fantasize about him having his way with me. By the end of class my cock is trying to push out of my pants but instead of walking over to the nearest bathroom as fast as I can I've lately gone up to the professor after class with my cock totally visible against my skinny jeans and asked him about some random topic that I managed to catch during a lull in my fantasies. This past Friday he said I may as well come to his office hours since I seem so interested in the material. I've spent this weekend getting ready. 

I shaved most of my body hair from the little tufts on my chest to the more noticeable hair on my arms and legs to the small bit of hair on my ass and around my asshole. I trimmed my pubes so that there's only a small mound above my cock. I keep my face clean-shaven every other day and I have really short straight brown hair so looking at myself in my full-length dorm room mirror I felt pretty boyish. My cheeks are still full like a kid's even though I'm almost twenty. My lips are full too and my eyelashes are fairly long so I could probably dress like a girl if I was into that. I played sports growing up though and so I'm more into the idea of men playing with men. 

I set a towel down on the carpet and rubbed some lube over the fingers of my right hand and started seeing how many I could fit in my asshole. I've never been fucked yet. I haven't even come out. But I've been playing with my ass as long as I've been jacking off so I can stick two lubed fingers all the way in there right away now. And soon after that I can fit three. It's sorta awkward to fit four fingers in your own ass so I never really get that far but sometimes I'll fit three in from one hand and two from another and my ass will start gasping and if I do it enough times I can get a small gape. So far I've only done this for myself.

For an outfit I've settled on my skinniest pair of sweatpants that can be taken off easily along with an old white t-shirt that's been washed so many times it's almost sheer. You can see my nipples through it when the weather's as cold as it is now. I've got a hoodie over it in matching school colors with my sweatpants but I'll take the hoodie off as soon as I get inside the school building where my professor's office is. 

My professor told me to meet him at his office at six which is the end of his office hours. I know he lives in town with his wife and that their kids are older than me so they're all moved out and so he's able to get to school early and stay late. 

He's actually my academic advisor for my major but I haven't met with him yet so it's my first time here. It's in my school's newest building since it's one of my school's newest majors. He's on the fourth floor and his door is closed but I see light from the bottom crack so I knock and say it's me.

"It's unlocked" my professor says. I open the door and see him on his laptop. "Take a seat" he says while gesturing towards a cushiony wheely chair in front of his desk. He has his sleeves rolled up to his elbows but I still don't see any tattoos. "You've had a lot of good things to say after class" he says after he closes his laptop "but I looked at your grade and it's much lower than it should be. Why aren't you doing any of the homework?"

"To be honest I've just been having a really hard time concentrating on school lately." And at this moment I'm having a hard time concentrating on anything other than the thought of my professor fucking me. "I'm afraid I'm going to fail some of my classes and ruin my future. I know the semester is halfway over and we've already had the midterm and everything but is there any way I can get my grade in your class to a C?"

He leans back in his chair. There's one window looking outside but the blinds are drawn. He's got papers all over his desk even though he only teaches computer classes. "Stand up" he says. I've got a tent in my sweatpants. He looks down at it then back up at me. "I've been seeing you carry one of those each time you see me. How about you do something about it?" He looks down to his pants and I follow his eyes and he's got his cock hanging out his unzipped pants. It's cut and even half-erect it's got to be bigger than mine. I can get to six inches but I bet he's nine or higher. 

I walk around his desk and get on my knees and he spins his chair to face me. I hold his cock in my hands and feel it growing. I pull down with my right hand and rub my thumb over his frenulum while looking up at his face. "I'm not promising anything" he says "but I know you want my cock fucking your face and so that's what's going to happen. Now let me see you take it in your throat." I nod and pull his balls out of his underwear. He's wearing grey briefs and his pubes are more white than grey. I open my mouth wide and close my eyes as I go all the way down on my professor's cock feeling him fill up my mouth and then slide into my throat. I press my lips down on his balls and wish I could take them too but he doesn't just have length he has girth too and I'm trying my hardest not to choke. 

I feel hands on my head and they make sure I'm pushed all the way down then they bring me back up and then down again except since I can't control the pace it's harder for me to not choke so I just try to think of my professor's cum inside me and I close my eyes even tighter as he uses my head as a fuck-toy for his cock and I start feeling him thrusting up into my throat as he pushes my head down and I think I'm going to start choking when he says "I'm going to fucking cum in your throat and you're going to suck it all up and you're going to lick every last bit of cum from my cock" and he thrusts hard into me and a hot stream of his cum spurts into my throat and then another stream and I swallow as much as I can but when he pulls his cock out my mouth is full of his cum so I lick as much up as I can but then I go right back to his cock and make sure I lick all the cum from his cock while he lies back breathing hard. "You love my cum don't you?" he asks.

"Mhm" I say while still licking his cum from my teeth and roof of my mouth. 

"Look up" he says and I see him pointing with some sort of remote to the opposite corner of the ceiling and there's a mounted camera there. "This is for zooming in" he says in reference to the remote. "Maybe you'll learn a thing or two about videos in here. Like how to make one I can jack off to at home. You earned an A on that assignment. I only have office hours on Mondays and Wednesdays but I want you to see me here at six everyday. Is that something you're willing to do?"

"Yes" I say. "Thank you so much for this."

"Alright" he says and I stand up and turn to leave being sort of disappointed that he didn't even touch my ass. "Wait" he says. "Turn around." I do so and he looks at my cock still standing straight out in my sweatpants. "I won't let you leave like that. One sec." He takes his laptop off his desk and starts clearing it off his papers either just pushing them off the desk or putting them into certain drawers. "Sit on the desk facing the camera" he says "and take off your shoes." 

He gets up and goes around the desk standing straight in front of me. He yanks my sweatpants off and then pushes my shoulders down so I'm laying back on his desk with my head hanging off and then he spreads my legs and raises my ass so that I can slide my head back on to the edge of my desk and he moves to the side of me and uses the remote to zoom the camera in and starts slowly jacking off my six inch uncut cock begging for him to make me cum and he forcefully pumps me up and down only gradually speeding up so that my legs start trembling for him as he speeds up and he tells me to raise my ass higher as I lazily set it down and he pumps harder and harder and I tell him he's going to make me cum and he tells me to raise my ass higher and then he stops. 

I almost cry and try to grab my cock to finish myself off but he holds both my arms down. "You aren't ever going to cum here" he tells me. "Now you're going to stay on this desk until you get flaccid again no matter how long it takes and that's how you're going to leave." He gets behind me still holding my arms down and places his balls on my mouth and tells me to suck on them so I do and this isn't helping me get any less horny but after what seems like forever my throbbing red and dripping with pre-cum cock is flaccid and less than three inches. "I'll see you here tomorrow" he tells me and I hop off the desk and pull up my sweatpants and thank him again and leave. 

I jack off twice that night thinking of his big cock cumming in my ass.