 Damn, why did he have to be so hot? As he paddled out to me, I could clearly see his muscles outlined beneath the wetsuit he was wearing. He stopped next to me and grinned.

"You almost got that last one, man!"

"Yeah right, I suck at this."

He had sandy blond hair, a gentle, kind face, and firm muscles everywhere. He was still lean though, and not an ounce of fat on him. His tanned skin, what was showing of it, was glistening with glow of the sun reflecting onto his drenched palms and his clean-shaven face.

We were surfing, and I really did suck at it, but Michael was an awesome surfer, and he was sexy as hell, too. I had agreed, surprised, when he had asked me to come to the beach with him that day. I mean, we didn't really have any other interaction rather than school. We were both eighteen and in our senior year of high school. We had almost all our classes with each other, which gave me ample time to undress him in my mind, repeatedly.

Unfortunately for me though, we had PE the last period of the day, and so it wasn't require of us to change, so I had never caught a glimpse of more than Michael in just his boxers. Hopefully, that would change, and soon. 

Once the school year was over we would probably go to different colleges and never see each other again.

My thinking was disrupted as a wave crashed right behind us and sent me spinning into shore.

Michael caught the wave in gracefully and hopped off a few feet from where I was lying on the sand.

"Ah well, you had some fun didn't you?" he asked.

"Yeah, sure."

We headed up to the bathrooms. The beach was total no-nudity, so we either had to wait till we got home to change, which we hated doing, or change in the changing rooms.

Each room was small, windowless, and mostly unfurnished, but it did they job. They were also only designed for one person, with the exception of one room on the far end of the building.

We circled the gray brick house and saw all the rooms were occupied except the double.

The wind was now howling mercilessly, and we were both wet, and shivering from the cold.

"Well, do ya want to just share the double then?" asked Michael.

"Uh...sure." I replied gingerly. Even though this might mean I would finally get to at least see maybe Michael's butt, I was nervous. What if I got a boner just looking at him? He'd surely figure out I was gay.

He walked up to the door, knocked just to be sure, and entered. I waited, pretending to be cautious while leaning the surfboards against the outer wall of the building.

"You coming?" he called from inside.

"Just a minute."

Ok, you can do this, I said to myself, and walked into the stall.

It took a minute for my eyes to adjust to the dimness of the compact room.

Michael had stripped the clingy material down to his waist, showing his tanned chest off well.

"Well close the door." He said jokingly.

I obliged, keeping my face light and humorous.

I walked to the far side of the room, and begun changing. I heard him rustling through the plastic bag containing his clothes.

"Crap"

"What is it?" I asked.

"Forgot boxers"

"Oh, hahahaha" I laughed; hoping this might mean something more could be seen.

"Oh well, guess its commando then." He said lightly, and he rummaged one more time through his bag.

I chanced a peek around, and was met with a tight ass bobbing up and down, right in front of me. Michael stopped his search and tugged his wetsuit down a bit; I could see the top of his crack, a lighter shade than his chest. I felt myself getting hard, and it was a big one too. 

Michael turned around, grinning, and noticed my hard dick.

"Well someone's a little excited" he said 

I cringed under his jovial gaze

"Don't worry, cold water makes me hard too" he said, lifting the arms of his wetsuit up and showing me the strong outline of a cock through the material.

"Wow" I breathed

"What?" 

"N-nothing..." I said

'What?" he asked, eying me devilishly?

"No, it's weird..."

"Just tell me, its ok were both guys here."

"Well, uh, you've got a big dick..."

"Do I?" he asked playfully. "Huh, guess I never really noticed."

"Well its pretty big mike."

We continued to undress, slower now. Hesitant to take off the bottoms of our suits.

Michael went first, pulling it down a little father, just so I could see the top of some curly, light brown pubes. Then, he turned from me, and pulled it down to his ankles. His tanned ass was beautiful. Beautiful, amazing. I was in awe. It was just such a good ass. 

Michael proceeded to remove the remainder of his suit, till he was standing buck naked in front of me, but still not facing me. He bent to remove his pants from the bag when he spoke.

"So how long have you liked me?"

What?!?! How had he known? I guess he had seen me gawking at him during some class.

"wha-what?' I breathed.

"Oh come on. I saw you staring at my dick just a minute ago, and I know how much you stare at me during class."

His words hit home, and as he spoke, my inhibitions slipped away, almost entirely. He continued to speak but I didn't hear. He had sat down on the bench, pants lying next to him, and his cock standing straight for the world to see.

He WAS big, bigger than I had expected. A good 8 inches, at least. 

Michael saw me gazing at his dick, and when he spoke, it was like being torn from heaven, just looking at that dick indulged every sense in my body.

"You like it. Admit it."

"Y-yeah..."

"Well don't just stare at it, make good use of it!"

And as he spoke, he stood and walked over towards me, a good inch above me. Then he gently placed both of his hands on my shoulders, and applied a light downward pressure, pushing me softly to my knees in front of him.

His cock was amazing, and it looked even bigger up close. 

The shaft was thick, and he was uncut, leaving just a fraction of an inch of foreskin around the head of his dick.

His light brown pubes surrounded his cock and balls, like a lion's mane, gently trimmed.

It smelled wonderful. Salt, must, sweat. 

I looked up at him and got a nod of encouragement.

I gently fondled his balls, and Michael's dick grew even more.

I slowly took him into my mouth, feeling his head touch somewhere near my throat, when I had him only half in. he was huge!

He placed his hands on the back of my head, and forced me down another 3 inches, leaving only an inch between my mouth and the base of his dick.

I took him all the way in then, burying my nose deep in his pubes, and receiving a moan of pleasure from the man above me.

Then he really got started. He began to thrust his penis in and out of my mouth, controlling my head with his hands, and gagging me with his cock.

I felt it hit the back of my throat again and again, loving the feeling of his dick in my mouth.

I began caressing his length with my tongue, receiving groans of pleasure.

He started thrusting more violently now, pounding my mouth. 

He pulled out for a minute.

"Ugh i'm gonna come...i'm not sure....if its ok with you ...can I..."

I shoved his ramrod back into my mouth and sucked for all I was worth. He moaned and shuddered violently, then sent a huge wave of cum spurting into my mouth. He kept thrusting as I swallowed all of his delicious juice, and he came again, again. Three times.

I never wanted it to end, but it had to.

His dick started to soften, but I didn't want him to take it out of my mouth. When he gently placed his hand on my cheek, I let go.

"Well, that was interesting," he said, "You got time for one more?"

"Oh yeah" I said, looking at his growing cock.