 This is a story involving gay sex. It is fictional, however it is inspired by events that have happened in real life. All characters are above the age of 18.

*****

During my first summer at College I decided to stay there for most weekends to keep up the part time job I had got while studying for my BA. I was moving on up in the small retail store I was working in, and could do with the money to help with the costs of living away from home. 

In the evenings I didn't really have much to do; all of my housemates and friends were back at home. So I decided to join the local gym. I didn't have much weight to lose: I was just 6 foot, a skinny, lanky guy all the way through high school. I decided I might as well try to put on a bit of muscle, plus I really enjoyed the free use of the swimming pool. 

It was mid July on a Saturday afternoon and my boss had let me leave work early; I had gone in early that morning to dress some mannequins (and to spend any extra time I could with my 6'2, tall dark and handsome boss. Man did I want to strip him naked and devour him in the stockroom).

I decided to head to the pool to get an early swim, my idea being to get back to my dorms earlier, buying a couple DVDs and some snacks on the way.

I got to the leisure centre around four and found it was still a little busy with families spending a nice Saturday at the pool - I was just going to head to the far end and do my usual laps on the lanes though, no biggie.

I swiped my members card in, my cock twitching as I said hey to the hottie at the desk with the sandy hair, and went to grab a changing room. Two boys about 8 or 9 ran around the corner and almost into me, slipping and sliding on the wet floor, whipping towels at each other before running off to the pool. Their mom then walked round the corner, shouting over her shoulder "Mike, tell your sons to stop running about before they break their neck!"

Their dad came round the corner next just as I was about to grab a cubicle, but I paused before walking in. Mike was about 5'10, and at a guess probably in his mid to late thirties. He was obviously a regular at the gym or the pool, or at least played a LOT of sports: a set of perfect pecs and a nice set of abs were covered in a fine layer of dark, curly hair. His body was HOT, especially for his age. His trunks looked a size too small, especially as they clung tightly to his muscly thighs. He was greying early, but it was a surprisingly hot mix of slate and silver, and he still had a full head of hair. 

He glanced at me as he walked past, and I couldn't help but quickly avert my eyes automatically, cheeks blushing. Obviously, I let a couple seconds pass before I glanced back over my shoulder; yep, nice round butt cheeks bouncing away as he paced after his two sons.

At 19 I didn't usually find guys that much older than me attractive; I was very much into your cliche, poster boy, washboard abs set of guys that plastered the walls of my dorm room. There was something about this Mike though that really got me going. Maybe it was his super hot body for his age; maybe it was dominant, father figure; maybe it was the fact I hadn't had sex with anyone for quite a few weeks.

I kept one eye searching for him as I walked to the far end of the pool, away from the wave machine and sprinklers and slides for the kids and families. Sure enough, I saw him throwing a ball around with both of his sons, their mom chatting with some other ladies over in the jacuzzi. Again he glanced my way, and this time I could've sworn he ran his eyes once over my body before getting back to his game.

I kept walking and tried desperately to not get a hard on - I was wear tight speedo shorts that barely reached half way down my thighs. I practically flew into the pool just in case my semi was showing through the black shorts.

I got on with my swim as per normal, sets of front crawls and backstrokes and butterflies. I was on the swim team for a bit in high school, so I'm not gonna lie, I was actually kind of impressive swimming up and down my lane, getting through the water pretty quickly. Every time I stopped to catch my breath, I scanned the pool for Mike (or, in my head I'd already taken to calling him Daddy). More than half the times I found him, he caught me looking, and I swear one time he lifted himself up out of the pool with his short half way down that bubble butt, showing off his crack just for me. 

After a good hour I finished my swim, grabbed my towel off the side and headed to the changing rooms to change. Before leaving the pool area, I checked once again to see where Mike was, but all I could find was his two sons running through the jets and sprinklers in the shallow end, neither of their parents to be found. I went to grab one of the larger cubicles at the end of the changing rooms, promising myself a wank when I got home, thinking about Mike.

I was drying my dark hair, waves already hanging across my forehead, shorts around my ankles when I heard what I thought was a knock. I turned, glanced under the gap to the next cubicle: empty. Again, a knock, definitely on my door, and what sounded like a "psst".

I pulled my towel around my waist roughly, unlocking the door. I expected it to be someone who was seeing if the cubicle was free, or someone looking for their mom, or looking for a lost towel or something.

Mike was standing outside my cubicle, staring right into my eyes as I stared through the small gap I'd opened. He glanced down our part of the changing rooms to check there was no one there, before quickly grabbing the door and sliding into the cubicle next to me. 

Honestly I was pretty shocked, just standing there looking at him as he slid the lock on the door shut. He turned to look at me, and I noticed he actually looked a bit embarrassed. My jaw was probably half open, I had no idea what was going on (although I had a good idea what I wanted to happen).

He stared at me (he had blue eyes, nice blue eyes) and said, "Um, you're pretty hot. and you've been staring at me for the past hour, and... well, I wondering if you wanted to blow me?" 

if my jaw wasn't hanging open already, it definitely was now. And I promise, for a split second, I did think about his kids playing out in the pool, and his wife God knows where. And how this probably shouldn't be something I should morally do.

But as I sank to my knees onto the damp tiled floor, I told myself, "Hey, his wife seems pretty bitchy. He probably hasn't had sex in like five years. And she's probably off fucking a lifeguard right now or something. And he's probably gay and stuck in a marriage he doesn't actually want." And, I also instantly got a hard on at the idea of sucking off this hot married man, that too.

I pulled the drawstring of his damp swim shorts open and wiggled them down to his knees, freeing his cock. It was about 6 inches, but it was only a semi, and I had a good feeling it would get larger when it was fully hard.

I heard him moan loud when I put his dick into my mouth, and I was convinced even more that he probably hadn't had sex in quite a while. It tasted of chlorine and musky manly scent and what I thought was a little bit of precome. I sucked on his dick for all I was worth; this was the horniest I had felt since I was 13. 

I felt his hand rest on the back of my head while he groaned and stared as my mouth ran up and down his cock, tongue flicking and licking and tasting. I could feel he was resisting the urge to dominate my mouth, to push his dick right down my throat. He actually seemed a little sweet, probably worrying that one wrong move would send me out of the cubicle, leaving him with blue balls. 

I grabbed his hand and shoved it into my damp hair at the same time as I took his dick right down my throat; I'm actually pretty good at deep throating, with three years of sucking off guys on my belt, but already I was struggling to take all of him. His dick must've reached at least 7.5 inches, if not 8, hard as a rock now and thick as I tried to force it down.

He instantly got the message though, and pushed the whole of his dick that last little bit into my mouth for a few seconds, both his hands now clenching my hair tight. I honestly almost choked, but he slowly pulled his dick out of my throat, before starting to thrust in and out of the top of my throat, which I was clenching around the head of his cock. I could feel my eyes starting to tear up, but I was adamant I wasn't going to choke, I was so turned on and precoming against my leg inside my towel.

After a couple of minutes of facefucking and sucking I thought he was going to come, but he quickly pulled out of my mouth as I spluttered a little, spit and precome dribbling.

He grabbed me by the arms and pulled me up, pushing me over the bench, head down and towel-wrapped ass in the air. The towel was whipped off me and I felt my hard cock spring free. I had actually shaved my ass a couple days before so it was nice and smooth, just how I liked it.

I felt his hands grab my cheeks before his tongue dove straight for my whole, delving in and licking around and stroking up and down. No one had rimmed me for weeks, maybe months, and I couldn't help the moans of pleasure coming from my mouth. In some small part of my brain I hoped the sounds of kids screaming in the pool would drown out the noises we were making.

I felt one hand come round and take hold of my dick and start stroking back and forth, while the other joined in with his tongue and started playing with my boy pussy, getting two fingers up my tight ass. I was in heaven, this hot daddy playing with my body, making me feel so good. He was really opening me up with is tongue and fingers and lots of spit, reaching my prostate and rubbing just right.

Suddenly he stopped and I heard him spit into his hand, or onto his cock, and I started to worry that this is where the magic would end - I was a pretty damn good bottom, but I also need lube to take a dick just like the next guy. I was about to turn around and ask if he might have any vaseline or something, but I felt his hands slide up under my chest, brushing my nipples, and his face on the side of my neck, whispering into my ear, 

"Relax, God your ass is amazing, relax for me." And somehow I must've, because all I could feel next was his wet, hard cock start to slowly push through my ring and into my ass. And while I could feel how large he was, it only hurt a little, that stretch when a cock opened you up, which I fucking enjoyed anyway.

He started to thrust in and out and before long he was pounding away on my hole, his balls slapping against mine. I felt his teeth start to bite at my ear, his fingers squeezing and pulling and pinching at my nipples, while I furiously pumped my cock. I think I'd forgotten a little how amazing a cock could feel stretching out my tight hole, a damp, muscly body pressed hard against mine, hands everywhere, loud moans escaping both our mouths. I don't think either of us cared how loud we were being. Both of us had obviously needed this for a while, and we were taking full advantage. 

He shifted stance ever so slightly and his cock started pounding into my prostrate, warm and hot and sharp pleasure rushing through my body. I didn't stop the orgasm that hit me full force, come spilling onto the wall and the bench and my hand as pleasure took over my body. This was the best orgasm I had had in a long time, and I think I might've screamed a little, but I couldn't honestly tell you.

He wasn't far behind me: as I started coming down from my orgasm I felt his pace stutter as he bit down on my ear and moaned loud, nails digging into my chest, his cock twitching flurry after flurry of come deep into my ass. For a minute he kept thrusting, slower and slower, before sliding out. I could feel both of us breathing heavily, his weighty chest pressing against mine. 

I slowly turned around and looked at him. He honestly looked kind of thankful, and relieved, and of course fucking hot. And he said, "thanks, I've needed that for a long time." 

"You're welcome. That was really fucking good," I said, laughing a little.

He leaned in and actually kissed me, and it was hot but pretty sweet, and as he pulled away he whispered "Hopefully I'll see your tight ass again", before pulling up his shorts quickly, unlocking the door and slipping out of the cubicle.

I sat in a daze for a good couple of seconds before quickly locking the door, drying myself off (which was mostly sweat now), and getting dressed. I used my towel to wipe up my come from the wall and bench, before packing my stuff up quick and walking out of the changing room. I felt like I needed to get out as soon as possible before some employee held me back for having loud, rough gay sex in their changing rooms.

As I walked out through the lobby, I saw Mike and his family ahead of me, pushing through the entrance doors. I stared at his perfect ass, hoping I would see him again, maybe this time next week. I could feel his come leak just a little out of my ass as I started walking home, and I knew wouldn't mind another load of hot Daddy seed sometime in the future.