 Far from being my masturbation biography, this is how I started masturbating with other men. 

The first time I even thought of masturbating with another male was some years ago, at age 33. It started with my visiting nude beaches, first when on business trips to California, then at beaches in Florida, where I live. With my first accidental visit to Blacks Beach near San Diego, I was hooked by the freedom of social nudity. On a subsequent trip to a nude beach near Cape Canaveral I saw a male much younger than myself; about 20 years old I would guess. He was walking along the beach grasses, away from the shore itself. I later thought about how he may have been looking for a mutual masturbation partner. It was something about how he was wondering around. I had never given any thought to two males masturbating together; especially with me as one of the participants.

Like with many sexual thoughts and fantasies, once you have one, it stays with you. Because of this new awareness on my part to what I thought some males might be doing at secluded nude beaches, I started paying attention to the actions and activities of the men at those beaches. Being a straight male, I would have preferred watching women do sexy things at secluded nude beaches, but few women go to these areas, especially alone. One of my concerns at that time was why I got excited thinking about watching another male masturbate. I had thought I was completely straight, but now I wondered if those thoughts made me gay. When doing some research about sexuality, I learned about bi-sexuality, and the continuum from heterosexuality to homosexuality. That explained a lot! I became comfortable with the idea of being basically straight, with some curiosity about penises. Masturbating with another male was not going to make me gay.

My other concern about masturbating at a secluded beach was getting caught by the law. But at some beaches I began to notice men would go off together into secluded areas. In California, these areas included caves and big crevices along cliffs. In Florida, they were tall grasses and heavy brush. Sometimes the men would walk together, and other times one would go first and another would follow a minute or two later. Once in a while, a guy would be near the entrance of a secluded area and begin to touch his genitals. He would not be masturbating in earnest, but sending a signal to anybody interested that he wanted either a partner or an audience.

The one time I saw two men masturbating together outdoors was at a secluded nude beach in the Los Angeles area. The rocky beach was part of a cove, with the gay men on the northern half and all others on the southern half. After walking past the gays lying on the beach, I was on a flat peninsular of rock. While watching the beauty of the waves crashing against this rocky coastline, I saw two men leaning their backs against the cliff that hid us from the others at the beach. They were stroking each other. In addition to me, there were a few other men on the peninsular. Watching us watch them indicated this was a performance they wanted others to enjoy.

After about two years of thinking about masturbating with another man, I was ready to take the final step of turning fantasy into reality. As it turned out, the opportunity came when again on business in California. It was the weekend, and I drove to a clothing optional beach. After a few hours of nude relaxation, I decided to take a walk away from the people lying about towards a deserted section of the beach. About a half mile into my walk I noticed something walking towards me. A minute later it appeared to be a nude male. A few moments later he was a few hundred yards away and I saw him rub his genitals a few times and then turn toward the cliffs. From my earlier observations at the nude beaches, I was sure what he intended. He was signaling me to follow him into the cliff crevice to watch him masturbate. Since I had made up my mind I would take advantage of the next opportunity that came my way, I knew I wanted to be part of this sexual adventure. At the same time, my heart was pounding due to my nervousness and the eroticism of the moment.

When I entered the crevice, the man was standing in the back, facing the beach and stroking. He was not startled to see me, nor was he embarrassed about what he was doing. He appeared to be about ten years older than I. When I asked if I could join his stroking party, he pleasantly welcomed me. After moving further into the crevice, I stood to his left, about six feet away from him. We were like the cars at an intersection, neither in the intersection, but both facing it. There was not a lot of talking, but much activity. After a few minutes of stroking his hard penis he ejaculated, and about a minute or two later I did too. He was surprised by the six feet my cum traveled before landing in the sand. I told him it had been a week since I last came. We thanked each other and I left the crevice and walked to the cold Pacific and washed my hands in the surf. Given our heightened sexual excitement, the entire mutual masturbation session did not last more than ten minutes.

About one year later, I experienced touching of another penis and having mine stroked for the first time. It was on Key Biscayne near Miami, Florida. The beach was very secluded even though near a metropolitan area. It is the first Florida beach where I had seen nudity, very limited, a few years before. Over a period of about six years I noticed a large increase in nudity at this beach. Almost all were men and usually they sat in the clearings among the tall grasses, away from the bare sand at the shoreline.

This first touching experience was with somebody I had met previously at Haulover Beach in North Miami when it first became a nude beach. It just happened we both were visiting the secluded beach on Key Biscayne at the same time. It was common for men to visit Haulover and Key Biscayne, Haulover for people watching, and Key Biscayne for solitude. Since we knew each other, we sat together on the sand ridge, just barely among the grasses. After visiting for a while, he began touching his penis and scrotum. This made me comfortable with doing the same. We continued to visit while occasionally touching ourselves. Then he asked if I wanted to go to a more secluded area so we could finish what we had started. That sounded like a good idea to me, so we walked a short distance from our beach chairs into a clearing of taller grass. 

The anticipation of what was going to happen got me more excited and made my penis very hard. After each of us stroked ourselves, he reached over and began stroking me. This was unexpected, but it felt great and added to the eroticism of the already sexually charged activity. It was wonderful having somebody turned-on by my penis and wanting to stroke it. Even though girlfriends had rubbed it in the past, I always enjoy the attention it gets from another person. While he was busy with my smoothly shaved genitals, I needed to find something to do with my hands, so I started stroking his thick, hard penis, which was framed by a blond bush. Even though I had masturbated countless times, the feel of another penis was surprising. It was a penis, but it was not the same as mine. Size, shape, and texture were different. After a few minutes of stroking each other we both climaxed, him, then me. Then we walked to the surf and cleaned-up. After packing our beach things, we made the long walk to the parking lot and each drove off. 

Like much of life, the first time doing something is specifically remembered. Subsequent experiences get a little muddled. Some of them are more memorable than others. Since those beginnings, I masturbated with other men or stroked other penises about a dozen times. I cannot accurately describe the sensual feelings of holding and stroking another man's erect penis, but it is like nothing else I know.