 The hand woke me up. Moving gently up and down my side as I lay in bed. I was groggy but it felt good. Was it my girlfriend? No, I didn't have a girlfriend, I hadn't had one for months. I thought I had gone to bed alone but now someone was in here with me, touching me. I wanted to turn over and see who it was but I was enjoying the feeling too much, especially as it moved downwards over my ass and then down my leg.

I was naked in bed. Had I gone to sleep naked? I wasn't sure. The hand moved slid slowly back up my leg over my hip and slid round the front, ever so gently brushing my groin. An electric spark rushed through me and the touch and my cock began to stiffen. I still didn't know who was touching me but it was clearly sexual and I was responding. 

I had not had sex in a long time and just being touched this way made me want whoever was doing it. As it moved up, the hand moved around me again and brushed my nipple sending another small jolt through me.

I was getting really turned on, but by whom? I shared an apartment with a girl, Jenny; we were good friends but we had never been attracted to each other in that way. At least, I didn't think she was interested in me. As I woke up a little more began to remember my evening. Jenny and I had hit a club together, both in search of some action. I chatted up a few girls but nothing was happening for me. Pretty quickly, Jenny had hooked up with this good looking blonde guy. I know guys aren't supposed to say other guys are good looking but even I could see that he was something special. Just under 6 foot tall, toned but not over the top and by the look of his jeans he either hard a permanent hard-on or he was just one lucky guy. No wonder Jenny got some jealous glances from some of the girls in the place. I didn't really talk to the guy, didn't even catch his name as I had my eye on the girls, but as I said, they weren't interested in me.

The drink was getting to my head and I had decided to go when I caught Jenny and the blonde guy looking at me. She was talking into his ear, and he was staring at me with an unusual intensity. I couldn't believe it but I actually blushed and looked away, feeling embarrassed and confused. I waited until he had gone to the bar to say tell Jenny that I'd had enough and was leaving. She kissed me on the cheek and said "maybe I'll see you later".

So it was her. Jenny had come home, alone and had climbed into bed with me. What had gone wrong with her friend? I was still half-asleep and in my mind I just assumed.

My eyes were still closed but my body began to respond slightly to movement of the hand on my body. I could feel the warmth of her breath on my neck and got goose pimples. On the next pass, the hand slid around to the front again, this time gently cupping my balls. A soft moan escaped my lips and I shifted again. She moved a little closer and a warm mouth found my neck. I love being kissed on the neck and a deeper moan was my response. The hand wrapped around my hardening penis and began a firm pumping motion.

I was lying on my right side and reached back with my left hand, seeking my unexpected lover's body. I wanted the hotness of her flesh against mine, to touch and excite her the way she was exciting me. My hand found a muscular ass cheek and I pulled the stranger into me. Wait...muscular? The body now spooned up against me was clearly not Jenny.

Clearly not female.

I tensed up, freaking out and I turned my head to see who was behind me. Instead a mouth locked onto mine, kissing me urgently. I should have pushed him away. I should jumped up and hit this man....this man whose hand and mouth were turning me on so much. I should have, but it had been so long, I was a bit worse for the drink and he was such an expert kisser, ravaging my mouth, his tongue gently probing, encouraging me. In a moment of weakness my own mouth responded, accepting the invader and the sensation. I opened my mouth and he must have known in that moment that he had me. His tongue entered my mouth and the tension of the moment just flowed out of me and I relaxed into the kiss.

And he was phenomenal kisser, using every part of his mouth and tongue on me. I couldn't help but respond, entwining my tongue around his, licking his lips before finally slipping it into his mouth.

Still on my side, I slid my arm around his neck and pulled his lips forcefully onto mine. Our kiss grew more passionate and I began to feel something press against my back: his hardening erection from our making out. I had never imagined I'd be in this situation. I had thought about it occasionally, wondered what it would be like, but never thought it would actually happen. But right now, in the dark, a little bit drunk and desperately horny, the fact that I was sexually arousing another man excited me more than I could have believed.

It was still dark and I couldn't see his face, let alone his penis but I began to imagine what it must look like, long and hard and aching to be touched. A rush of images came into my mind, of my hand wrapped around his hardness, of it sliding into my mouth, of him mounting me, poised to take my virginity. I didn't know if I wanted to do those things, but the images gave birth to one ringing thought in my mind: You are about to find out what it's like to have sex with another man.

In that moment my last inhibitions fell away and I gave myself over completely to him. His mouth moved back down to my neck and this time I held nothing back as I moaned loudly. I rolled onto my back as he carried on moving downwards, kissing and sucking my nipples, my abs and then lower still. His hand still gripped my cock and he kissed around it, moving to my aching balls where he kissed, licked and sucked on them.

In my pleasure I glanced down at my lover. It was dark but the blonde hair was unmistakable. Clearly Jenny's new friend had been more interested in me than her. But she had brought him home and led him to my room? The question formed and vanished in an instant as the tongue that had been bathing my balls rasped up the underside of my cock.

I moaned loudly as his hot mouth slid over my rock hard penis, taking me inside him and sucking as he moved his head up and down. It was so incredible, another man sucking me that I wanted to come then and there. I held back, a little scared of how I would react after I'd come, maybe I would really freak out and I didn't want to stop the pleasure.

I let him suck me for a bit, but I was getting close so I grabbed his arm and pulled him up to me. He looked more gorgeous than before and his toned body looked perfect. Seeing it made me feel lustful but it was nothing compared to his penis. Nine inches and standing straight up topped by a head wet with precum. I knew that whatever happened, I wanted it inside me, in any and every way it could. I couldn't believe that a male body, a hard cock could invoke such feelings of wanton sexual desire in me. I wanted this man and all the pleasure he could give me.

I pushed myself up on my elbows, my tongue already out wishing for his mouth on mine again. He obliged, and we embraced as I tongued his mouth fiercely. I knew what I had to do, what I wanted to do. I rolled over so he was underneath me and began a luscious assault on his body with my mouth and tongue. No inch of him was spared. I spent a long time on his nipples, licking, sucking and gently biting them. By the way he moaned I figured he liked it. All the while I was steadily moving lower, shaking with anticipation with what I was about to do.

I was still nervous, not quite daring to touch it, and instead I kissed around the hairless base and his inner thigh. As I did so, his cock brushed against me and I finally turned my head towards it. It's an incredible thing, seeing a penis up close for the first time and I marvelled at the shape, ridges and veins before extending my tongue and getting my first taste of cock. I copied his movements, working from the base to the head, warm precum coating my tongue as I did so. I withdrew it into my mouth and let the flavor fill me. It tasted good. After the first lick, I switched to kissing his cock, starting at the base again. By the time I reached the head there was more precum which I dutifully brought into my mouth. Then I took the plunge, holding the base and lowering my mouth over the head, waiting until it had filled my mouth before clamping my lips around it and sucking hard. Being a man I instinctively knew how to pleasure him, how to hold his penis, how to use my tongue to excite the head as it slid into my mouth. The heat of it surprised me, but I found that sucking another man's cock was an incredible turn on.

I must have been doing something right, he was moving around and moaning, grabbing my hair and pushing my down. I couldn't deepthroat him, I couldn't even try, but I took as much of him as I could into my mouth.

"Suck my balls"

It was the first words he had spoken and they were more a command than a request. Regretfully, I pulled off mouth his cock, keeping my hand on it, and made my way down. They were big and heavy, full of cum for me. I knew that one way or another, that cum would soon be inside me. I licked and sucked them for a while and then he shifted his leg, bringing it up and exposing more of his groin to me.

"Lower"

I licked down past his balls to the patch of skin between them and his anus. He let me stay there for a while and then repeated the command.

"Lower"

I knew what he wanted and I was nervous. I hadn't done anything like that before, not even with a girl. But then, I had never sucked a penis or licked a man's balls before. So tentatively, I moved my head lower and ran my tongue along the crack of his ass. It slipped over his anus and it was OK. I did it again and then a third time. Then I knew there was nothing I couldn't do with this man. Nothing I wouldn't do. I brought my mouth in close and licked him like I would like a pussy. I tried small licks, flicking his anus with my tongue, and big long licks up and down his crack. He was well prepared and the faint taste surprised me. It didn't drive me wild like his precum, but it had its good points too. I plucked up the courage, rolled my tongue and probed at his anus. I was able to push a small way inside with the tip but he was tight.

"Turn around"

Another command. I didn't know what he meant at first but then he manoeuvred me into a sixty-nine position and started on my cock again. I left his ass, grasped his cock and brought it back into my mouth. We were lying on our sides so I could caress his ass again and I slid a finger into the crack, playing with his well-tongued anus.

Very quickly I was getting close again. He must have been too. This time I knew I had to cum. I rolled onto my back, pulled off him and gave a command of my own. 

"Fuck my mouth"

He obliged in no time, supporting himself while he thrusted into my mouth, gentle but fast, all the while keeping the rhythm of his own sucking. All I could think was "he's fucking me, he's fucking me" and then I let go with the most incredible orgasm of my life. Cum burst from my cock into his mouth and he didn't stop sucking, didn't break his stride, sucking and fucking and swallowing all at the same time.

And then his own orgasm erupted. His hot, hard cock spasmed and a shot of cum flowed into my mouth. Wow, it tasted good. Like his precum, only stronger and thicker. I swallowed quickly, knowing the next shot would be on its way. I was determined to swallow it all, to drink him down into me. The next shot and the next shot filled my mouth. I kept swallowing until I felt it begin to subside. The last few spurts I kept in my mouth to savor, to enjoy the taste of another man's cum, knowing that I had brought him off. I felt a sense of horny pride that I had made him cum so hard, I wanted to do it again and prove it wasn't a fluke.

But we were both pretty breathless. I turned back around and we kissed fiercely again, sharing the remainder of each other's cum. Finally, we both collapsed and lay there, panting, I was shaking from the force of my orgasm. I was relieved that I wasn't freaking out about what had just happened but I had to ask the obvious question.

"What the fuck?"

He knew what I meant.

"It was Jenny. She knows you better than you know yourself. We've known each other a while and she thought you might be into this. I was supposed to seduce you slowly at the club tonight but you left so soon we barely got time to talk. Jenny said I should just get into bed and fuck you, you were so horny."

I should have been annoyed about that but it seemed stupid since she was spot on.

We lay there for a while talking. His name was James, and he tended to hang out in gay clubs which was why I hadn't seen him with Jenny before. All the time we were talking our hands didn't leave one another. I was surprised the immediacy of our sex I still found his body erotic. Inevitably my hands moved back to his sticky cock and his ass while his did the same. Just looking at him and thinking about what we had done created new dirty fantasies that I wanted to live out with him. We kissed again as we played with each other and when I felt his cock stir again I knew what he wanted, because I wanted it too.

"I want you to fuck me" I whispered between kisses. "I know you can do it. I know you can get that cock rock hard and push it into me. Bend me over and slide it into my ass. I want it so bad."

I really did. I had gone so far it was crazy not to complete the journey. I had to know what it was like to be fucked, to be taken by a man.

He grinned at my words. "I've only just cum"

"Good, then you can fuck me for hours. I want to make you so hard. Sit on my face." ... Where the fuck did that come from? He clearly liked my ass play before (as had I) so I guess it made sense, but I couldn't believe those words had just left my mouth.

I couldn't go back on them though even if I had wanted to. I knew that I wanted to please my lover and to make him as horny and hard as possible, ready to take me. I scooted down the bed a little and watched as he swung his leg over my head and very slowly lowered himself towards my face. I watched excited as his ass got closer until I could reach it with my tongue. I flicked at it until it had nestled over my face and I was buried inside the tight muscles of his cheeks. I licked his anus with abandon, loving it, loving the taste and the dirty horniness of it all. I licked a finger and slipped it inside my tongue danced around it. I slid in a second finger, loosening him slightly for my tongue. I pulled out my fingers, dragging my tongue across them as I did so and then forced my tongue into his anus. I slid my hand around and felt his cock. It was so hard it must have been hurting him.

While I tongued his ass and stroked his shaft he began preparing my own ass for what was to come. Gently, one finger, then two, then three slid into my anus. He was gentle and I couldn't believe how good it felt. I wanted that big cock in there but I wasn't sure how it would feel.

"You're ready" he declared lifting himself off my face. I turned over onto my front, bringing my knees up and spreading them. Some lube materialized from somewhere and very quickly his cock was glistening with it. He moved close to me and I shivered involuntarily when the head first brushed my opening. He pulled away and then rubbed the head over my anus again. I pushed back with my ass but he pulled away again, teasing me.

"Please, give it to me," I begged. "Put that cock in me and fuck me hard". Then he was back at my ass, pushing this time. It felt incredible, the heat of it on my anus as he pushed opening me up, the head slipping slowly inside me. I reacted with a long, drawn out moan. He barely paused for me to get used to it as he slowly fed more of those nine inches into my ass. I had never imagined it would feel this good, being so full of cock. He kept on going, seemingly forever, until he bottomed out. He withdrew slowly, provoking another moan from me, and then slid back in. He did this a few times before starting to speed up. Electric bolts shot through me with every thrust and my eyes rolled back in my head.

He started talking sexy to me. "That's it baby, take my cock, take all the way, you know you want it, you know you love it. You love having a hard cock up your ass don't you?"

I had to agree. Receiving anal sex was the most pleasurable, horny thing I had ever experienced. I told him.

"Yes, I love it, please don't stop, keep fucking my ass. Fuck me for as long as you can."

He pulled out. "Lie on your back". I complied quickly, eager for him to be back inside me. He pulled my legs up and entered my swiftly, kissing me as I wrapped my legs around him. We fucked in that position for what seemed like hours, talking dirty constantly. I told how good his cock felt inside me and he told me how tight my ass felt, that he would fuck me again many times, that I would fuck him many times too. He played with my hard cock while he fucked me bringing me close but always easing off before I exploded.

After a while we switched positions again. "I want to ride you" I told him. Without him leaving my ass, he lay down, pulling me on top. I sat up and rode him like crazy before lying on him, gyrating my hips and fucking his mouth with my tongue.

We had been fucking constantly for over an hour and we couldn't keep going much longer. He sat up and we embraced again as I rode his cock, staring into his eyes.

"It's time for you to cum in me lover. I need it in me, I need your cum. Cum in my ass make it yours."

These words finally pushed him over the edge and his cocked erupted deep inside my ass. I could feel the warmth of his cum inside me, it was the most amazing feeling I had ever experienced. As he came I thought of all things I had done. "I know what it's like to have sex with a man. I know what it's like to suck a penis. I know what it's like to swallow semen. I know what it's like to lick an anus. I know what it's like to be fucked, to have your man cum in you." Without even touching my cock, it exploded in an enormous orgasm, cum spurting upwards onto his chest. I leaned down to lick it off even with his cock still gently pulsing in my ass.

Eventually we collapsed on the bed, utterly spent. I didn't know what tomorrow would bring, I didn't know what the fuck I would say to Jenny when I saw her. The only thing I knew was that I would be seeing a lot more of James.