 I was stretched along Andrew closely, embracing him with one arm, while I stroked his ass with the supersized lubricated cock dildo. He was making all of the right noises, but I could sense that the passion just wasn't totally there. He wasn't writhing or trembling as he had been doing for years under the attention of my own cock.

That was the unspoken missing element in our love making now. My cock, which had dominated and satisfied him for so many years, just was no longer up to the task. I still had my soft mouth, however, and I was eventually able to get him to pant and moan for me when I gave him suck. Afterward he held me and purred for me, telling me how much pleasure I had brought to him. But I knew. I knew it wasn't the same—that it never again would be the same again.

Andrew hugged me extra hard after we'd made love—or some semblance of love that would have passed as such if we hadn't known each other's bodies totally before—and stayed with me in the bed for a long time before he rose and padded into the other room to shower. But I could feel the tension in his body; the tension of nonfulfillment.

After I had taken my own shower, we dressed and left our row house on Cathedral Street and walked down the hill to Annapolis' Dock Street to sit at the Middleton Tavern's outside café and sip wine and watch the late-afternoon activity in the small harbor there.

We hadn't discussed my impotence, and it seemed that Andrew insisted that we spend more time in public like this so that we couldn't discuss the topic. It isn't like my problem should not have be anticipated. I had remained potent into my early sixties; it wasn't all that normal that my libido should now have become dormant. Andrew was over ten years my junior and still very vigorous. In fact we were both in superb shape and trim; it was only this little problem of mine. But it obviously wasn't so little of a problem. In my rosy-glasses view of life, I had assumed that Andrew and I would be a loving couple for the rest of our lives. We had been together for fifteen years, and they had been glorious years in terms of our sexual union.

In all that time I had never had cause to worry about or question Andrew's total fidelity to me. I had been the dominate one; the top to his bottom; the one fully equipped to keep him satisfied.

As we sat at the café, I watched Andrew ogling all of the luscious young men strolling about, some going to or returning from their boats in the harbor, some well-toned students from the adjacent U.S. Naval Academy, resplendent in their jogging gear. There had been a time, not very long ago, when Andrew would only have eyes for me when we sat here. My sudden, but apparently total and permanent impotence had changed all of that, no matter what assurances he gave me.

"Andrew, we need to talk about this," I murmured to him, not wanting to share this conversation with all the others in the café

"Stop worrying, Kevin," Andrew said with an unconvincing breezy tone. "We're both growing older. Some things just aren't that important any more. There's nothing to discuss. Everything is just fine."

I was not fooled. All the time he was saying this, he was looking over my shoulder, eyeing the hunk of a young waiter scurrying back and forth, trying to stay ahead of the needs of the crowded café.

No, it would not be all right. I could not lose Andrew. Not after all of the time and effort I had invested in this relationship. But had I already lost Andrew?

It was a week later, and we had played our usual round of golf at the Annapolis Golf Club and returned to the Cathedral Street row house a bit after noon. I showered while Andrew fixed us something to eat, and after we'd eaten on the porch overlooking our postage stamp-sized back garden, I sent him upstairs for his shower and then made a phone call.

When Andrew emerged from the bathroom, wrapped in a towel, there were two of us waiting for him.

"What . . .?" Andrew exclaimed in surprise.

"This is Jamie, Andrew. Until recently he was a student at the Naval Academy. But he had to leave there on short notice, and I wanted you to meet him."

Andrew couldn't keep the lust out of his eyes. Jamie was a magnificent young man, already handsome before he had reached the academy, but having benefited from three hard years of body conditioning as a Naval Academy cadet.

"Come over here and sit with me, Andrew, and we'll let Jamie introduce himself to us."

Andrew came over to the foot of the bed, where I was sitting, wrapped in a terrycloth robe. He was still glassy-eyed and confused and not understanding what was happening. I scooted back on the bed and spread my legs and pulled Andrew down into a sitting position between them. Then, I opened my robe and shrugged it off. I was naked underneath. I wrapped my arms around Andrew and pulled his towel off his body and threw it to one side.

Then Jamie stood in front of Andrew and slowly stripped, while I stroked Andrew's cock with one hand and roamed his chest and belly with the other. The young blond man had a beautiful, cut body, trim and lithe, but with well-defined hard-bodied muscles. Andrew drew in his breath when he saw what the young man was packing between his legs. Jamie was as thick and long as I was, but his master cock was engorged and stood out from his body with a slight upward curve, something my cock could no longer manage.

"Do you like him, Andrew?" I whispered to my partner of fifteen years. "He had to leave the academy suddenly for playing too intimately with some of the other young men. I hired him to take care of our needs in our advancing years. All of our needs. He lives here now."

Andrew sighed in response and I could feel him trembling in my embrace. He lifted his mouth to mine and we kissed deeply and Jamie knelt between Andrew's legs and his soft mouth replaced my hand on Andrew's cock.

Andrew's kisses became more passioned and insistent as Jamie cupped Andrew's buttocks in his hands and pumped his cock with his mouth. I scooted farther up on the bed, bringing Andrew with me, as Jamie's attention went from Andrew's cock to his asshole.

I was kneeling on the bed and leaning back, Andrew's back stretched up my abs and chest, my arms encasing him. Jamie came up on the bed on his knees, forcing his thighs under Andrew's legs and buttocks.

Andrew cried out in ecstasy for Jamie just as he had done for me for fifteen years when Jamie entered his ass with his hard cock and plowed his way into the hilt. And he writhed and moaned and groaned in intense pleasure as the virile young surrogate conveyed my love to my life partner, vigorously pumping Andrew's ass with a length, thickness, hardness, rhythm, and endurance that I hadn't managed for many years.

Jamie was fucking Andrew's ass, but Andrew and I were making love. We were kissing and fondling each other, and Andrew's eyes were for me. He was imaging us as we had been for so many years; while we covered each other in kisses. It was like I was the one fucking his ass, dominating him as I always had. It was my name that Andrew was calling out in his husky, lust-filled voice.

It was all making me feel young and virile again as well, but I was so taken with our wild three-way love making that it was Andrew who had to point out what was happening.

"Kevin, your cock!"

"Yes, yes, I know, Andrew. But Jamie will be my surrogate. He'll be my cock. I'll take care of you as I always have."

"No, Kevin. I mean, feel your cock. It's hard. It's running up the small of my back, but it's hard and pushing at me. It's alive. You're hard."

And so I was. Jamie dutifully pulled out of Andrew, and Andrew raised his hips and came down onto my cock and encased it inside his ass. And then he rode my cock to a mutual orgasm that we had not shared in years. We both cried tears of joy, knowing that, with the aid of Jamie, I could overcome my impotence—maybe not for much longer—but each day that I could plow Andrew myself would be an added day of bliss. And when that too came to an end, we'd still have Jamie or another surrogate like him for as far into the murky future as we wished to see.