 I had gone to see Jim at his house several times over the preceding year. I was 25 and I guess he was a little older. Each time had been the same routine. He would call and have me drive over. Park around the corner and then enter his house through the patio door in his back yard. He'd be waiting there in his living room naked and I'd drop to my knees suck him off and then get up and go. I knew he was married and we had to keep quiet because he had a child asleep upstairs. His wife worked as a bartender so she was out late in the evenings giving him some freedom to indulge when he wanted a man to blow him.

On this evening it all started out as usual. I got a call from him and since I wasn't busy we agreed to meet at 10 pm. I got there a couple of minutes early and went to the patio door where I found he was ready and waiting already. I got on my knees between his legs and he scooted his ass to the edge of the couch to give me complete access to his half hard cock.

Starting with some stroking and fondling I soon had him fully erect and bent over to take the head of his cock into my mouth. I licked the precome from the end of his cock and then down the underside all the way to his balls. Going back up to the tip I took him into my mouth and slid him all the way to the back of my throat burying my nose in his pubic hair.

Jim whispered how good it felt and gently rubbed the back of my neck as I started sucking the length of his cock. I'd back off till just the tip was in my mouth then slowly slide down to bury it in my throat. Sucking strongly I'd pull back again and then repeat the whole procedure. From past experience with him I knew how much he liked that and he had told me the only problem he ever had with his wife was her refusal to blow him for any reason.

I was getting into a nice rhythm with him when suddenly the room was flooded with light. I pulled back in shock letting his cock fall from my mouth and looked to find his wife standing in the doorway with her hand on the light switch.

The first thing she said was, "So this is the fag you have sucking your dick is it?" I started to get up getting ready to run but what she said net stopped me. 

"Don't stop on my account queer. As long as you blow him once in a while I don't get pestered to take his nasty cock in my mouth." " Don't look so shocked he told me he was getting sucked on the side by a fag and I couldn't care less. Better that than him running around after some cunt."

With that she sat in the easy chair on the other side of the room and turned on the tv. Jim asked her how she came to be home so early and she said the bar had been really quiet so the boss had sent her and a couple of the other girls home early. I asked Jim if I should leave and he said he was fine with continuing if I was.

Helen piped up again, "Go ahead and finish him off queer I don't care if you like sucking cock."

With that I took his cock back in my mouth and went all the way down on him like I had before. He was not as hard as he had been but he soon got back into it too as I slid my mouth up and down his cock. From the corner of my vision I saw that Helen was watching us openly as I blew her husband and that turned me on. Jim started making small thrusts into my mouth in time with my sucking and I knew this was turning him on too. I also knew it wouldn't be long before he gave me a mouth full of come to swallow so I just kept going.

With a groan Jim pressed on the back of my neck and buried his cock deep in my throat while he started spurting into me. I heard Helen take in a deep breath at the same time as I started swallowing the come washing over my tongue. As he softened in my mouth I pulled back off his cock sucking and licking it clean as I went.

I leaned back and got up to my feet. I could see Helen's face was really red and Jim was as usual slouched back on the couch with his now deflating cock hanging between his outstretched legs. I simply said good night, slid open the patio door and left. When I got home I replayed the whole scene in my mind and jerked off a huge load thinking about it.