 Bill and I went bar-hopping last Friday night and had a good time with a couple of girls, although nothing sexual took place except a little bit of feeling each other up at an isolated table. Realizing that the bars were starting to thin out and we weren't doing so well in getting some late-night female action, we decided to call it a night.

We went back to Bill's apartment where I had left my car. Bill said "I think you are a bit on the wasted side, Les. If you want to, you can crash here at my place." So, I took him up on his offer.

Once inside, I took off my shirt because it was really hot in the apartment. I sat on the couch and took off my shoes. "I'm going to take a quick shower, Les. Help yourself to some beer in the fridge."

I got a beer and came back to the living room; and instead of going back to the couch, I sat down on a low stool and opened up his laptop to check some sports scores, and when I did, I got quite a surprise. On the screen was a picture of two trannies playing with each other. It was quite erotic. I forwarded to a few more pictures and rather enjoyed the pics I was seeing when Bill came out of the shower wrapped in a towel. (He wasn't kidding when he said he was going to take a quick shower.)

I couldn't switch the screen fast enough to avoid getting caught looking at his pictures. "Hey, I see you found my sissy-boys. Pretty hot, huh. There are some really nice ones there." He came up behind me and leaned over to go back to a certain photo. He moved around several pages commenting on the size of their tits or their cocks. I knew he was getting hard because I could feel his cock against my back.

Leaning quite hard into me, he asked "What do you think of these, Les? Do they do anything for you? I love this website because it has some of the most beautiful bodies on the net."

As he stood behind me, he put his hands on my bare shoulders, giving me a light massage. I didn't mind this because I was getting quite horny looking at the tits and dicks. Bill was moving his hands around more frequently, up and down my biceps, then to my chest where he lightly moved them across my nipples. I didn't say anything or try to stop him because it actually felt good, but the best was yet to come. Somehow he was able to loosen his towel and I could now feel his bare cock on my bare back and he was gently moving his body up and down and back and forth.

"Wow, look at this one. I don't know how he could take that big cock as far down his throat as he does. Could you take even half that one, Les? Have you ever blown a guy before?" he asked.

"Yeah, in high school. How about you?" I asked.

"Well, I have a regular suck buddy that I have a great time with, even though we both fuck girls on a regular basis. I won't tell you his name right now, but you know him quite well. I can see that you're getting quite a hard-on. Is it because of the pictures or is it because you can feel my dick on your back?"

"I think it's a little of both. I like these pix and I like the feel of your cock on my bare skin."

When I said that, he leaned all the way over me and forced his hands down the front of my jeans to get to my cock. I could feel his cock beside my face. I reached up and felt it and turned my head to the side and his cock accidentally touched my lips, so I just stuck my tongue out and licked the end of his cock.

"Want to suck me off, Les?" he asked.

I responded, "Yes, under two conditions. One, that nobody will ever know; and two, that you'll suck me off, too."

"Yes and Yes" he said. "I'd love to suck you. Let's go to the bedroom."

I told him I'd like to take a quick shower first so I'd be as clean for him as he was for me. He leaned toward my ear and quietly said, "I really want to be your cock sucker. I want to feel it way down in my throat as I play with your ass and balls; and since your ass will be nice and clean, I really want to suck it, too. Are you ready for this?"

I replied, "Fuck, yes. Let's go. I can't wait to taste your cock, your ass, your cum."

I took a shower concentrating on my genitals and my ass. I figured that if we were going to play there, the playground should be clean. I came out of the bathroom and went to the bedroom to find him laying on his back, stroking his cock.

"Fuck, what a big cock and it looks so good, but I don't think I can handle it. Bill, I haven't done this since high school, and if I don't blow you first, I might cum too fast and might not be able to bounce back quickly enough to return the favor. So, let me suck you first. How do you like it--standing up, or on the bed?"

Bill chose standing up, and that was good for me because when I sat on the edge of the bed, his height put his cock right at mouth level. I took his cock in both hands and began to jerk him off so that Previn was seeping out and I got to lick it clean. It tasted good, so I took as much of his cock in my mouth as I could. I was enjoying this sooo much.

Bill took my head in his hands and held it steady as he literally fucked my mouth, each stroke pushing his cock further down my throat. "Suck me. Suck me hard you cock sucker. Take it all. Suck me, you fucking fab. Eat me, my little cock whore. Play with my ass. You're such a good cock sucker."

I was getting so turned on by his dirty talk and his trash talking. I loved being face-fucked like this. I reached behind him and held his ass; and even though I could get only part of my finger in, I finger-fucked him while he made me gag because he was driving his cock so hard and violently in my mouth, but I learned to pull my head back to get some air.

"I'm going to cum," he says. I pulled his cock out of my mouth and let him shoot one, two spurts of cum on my face, then I put his cock back in my mouth and sucked him and jerked him and I could actually feel shots of cum hitting the inside of my mouth. Fuck, I loved it.

He pulled his cock out of my mouth and leaned down and licked his own cum off my face. To my surprise, he kissed me and let his tongue encircle mine. Never, ever did I think I would kiss another man, but I found myself passionately kissing him back. I was hooked. I didn't want to stop sucking him everywhere.

"It's my turn now. I can't wait to fuck you, Les. Are you ready for it?" he asked.

"No, not tonight, Bill. I've never done this before, and your cock is so big. Maybe another time, OK?"

"Yeah sure, but lay on your belly. I've got a treat for you."

I laid on my belly, and he pulled me down to the edge of the bed. He kissed my ass cheeks while he slipped one hand under me to play with my cock. Then I felt his mouth on my ass slit as he pursed his lips to suck my ass--he was actually sucking my ass. No one had ever done this before. With him sucking me and playing with me at the same time, I told him I was going to cum.

He told me to flip over on my back and he stroked me until my cum shot up my belly, chest, and face and he leaned down to suck me off to completion. When he knew I had no cum left, he scooped some cum off my belly and chest and ate it. He then used his index finger to clean it off my face and put it in my mouth. That was the very first time I ate my own cum, although I've thought about it. From now on, you know what I'm going to do with my cum after I jerk off.

By this time both of us were wasted and went to the shower to clean up before we went to sleep. Needless to say, we played with each other there. He got behind me at one point and told me to spread my legs. He put his cock between my legs, but I told him he couldn't fuck me. He said that he wouldn't but would just simulate it without penetrating my anus. He slid his cock in and out while he reached around the front and stroked my cock. This was so fucking hot and felt so good that we both came almost simultaneously.

We soaped each other up for one final clean-up. When he turned around so I could soap his ass, he asked me to fuck it, but I didn't want to. But I just couldn't resist it. I dropped to me knees and sucked his ass, sticking my tongue right into his anus a couple of times. I couldn't believe I did that.

Aside from waking up with his lips wrapped around my cock and one finger up my ass, we didn't do anything else that day. As we were standing by the door, he said, "You're going to make a great suck-buddy, Les. Maybe soon we will also be fuck-buddies. What do you think?"

"I sure hope so. This has been the best sex session I have ever had. Next time, I'm going to let you fuck my ass and I'll try to do it for you, but you have to let me live out a fantasy."

What's your fantasy?" he asked

"Let's just say that it involves a shower, one person standing up while the other kneels or sits down. It's a golden experience, Pal"

"Are you serious?? You want to do the golden shower with me?? I've been dying to do that with someone. I can't believe we're going to make this happen. Just think of all the fun you and I have been missing. You are some fucking hot old man."

I moved into him and kissed him while holding his cock. I said, "I want more and more of this.". He replied, "as in a threesome?"

All I could say was "We'll talk."

"Okay see you tomorrow night. Don't forget to bring condoms."