 The only time I've ever done anything in public was in a parking lot with a guy I met on CL. He was married and I was in live-in relationship with my girlfriend at the time, so neither of us could host. He told me that he knew of a good spot so we arranged to meet me at the mall. He told me he had a large SUV that had tinted windows which would give us the privacy and space we needed. He also said that he knew of a great place to park not far from the mall. 

We arranged to meet late one afternoon. He worked out at a gym just up the road from there, so he set it up so that I would meet him on his way home from the gym, which gave him the perfect alibi with his wife. He told me to meet him at the mall and together we would ride over to the lot of an office building across the street. 

He was waiting on me when I arrived, so I parked and climbed into his passenger seat. As we drove to our location, we got stopped at a couple of lights, which gave us time for a little small talk. 

He had posted that he was looking for a blow-n-go, which was what first caught my attention. Although his original posting didn't have pics, he sent me a couple in a subsequent email. If the pics were really his, I knew I wouldn't be disappointed!

"So," he said as we sat idling at the light, "You said in one of your first emails that you swallow. That's cool. My wife never sucks my cock anymore and she has never swallowed. She says it grosses her out."

"I know what you mean," I said. "My wife was the same way. She hated giving me head, and when she did, she always pulled away just as I was about to cum."

While we waited for our turn to go, he kept up the conversation. 

"Have you done this many guys?" he asked.

"No, not really," I said. "I've just kind of been into again lately. This will be the first time I've hooked up with a guy out in public."

"So you like women, but you also like sucking cock? Most of the guys who responded to my ad were totally gay. You seem pretty straight to me," he said.

"If I had to label myself, I'd say I was straight," I said. "How about you? You get blown by many guys?"

"You'll be the third," he said. "I hadn't really considered it until I discovered the ads on CL. I was surprised at how many guys out there like giving head. I figured I would give it a try. I kind of looked at it like, what the hell, a blow job is a blow job. Giving is not my thing, but I know I sure like getting them. As long as there are cocksuckers like you who will swallow my load, I'll be happy. I hope you're ready, because we're here and I'm horny as fuck."

We drove around the lot a bit until he found a space that was next to a wall and a few stalls away from the nearest car. We both climbed into the mid-row where he positioned himself semi-sideways on the seat so as allow me maximum access to his crotch. In one motion he slid his jogging shorts down around his ankles revealing his semi-hard cock. "Ok, this is what you came for," he said, motioning for me to make my move.

He had a very nice thick cock that was every bit of 7 inches. I immediately slid off the seat and knelt down between his legs. I positioned both of my hands on the top of his thighs and, starting at the tip, licked the entire length of his cock. He tasted and smelled incredibly clean. I knew he was in a hurry, but I wanted to take as much time as I could.

"Well, are you going to suck it or just lick it all day?" he asked. Just then he placed one of his hands on the back of my head and grabbed the base of his cock with the other. "You call yourself a cocksucker... let's see what you got. C'mon and open your mouth," he commanded as he rubbed the head of his dick against my lips. 

I responded by diving onto his cock, taking him as deep and for as long as I could into my mouth and throat. I pulled off long enough to take a breath and then began sucking him with lots of suction, which brought him to full hardness in seconds.

"Fuck, that feels good," he said as I continued to suck and lick his cock. After only a few minutes, he started to warn me that he was getting close, which I could tell by his breathing and movements. Then, before he could finish his sentence, his cock erupted in my mouth. The first spurt went mostly down my throat, while the second and subsequent loads filled my mouth.

I kept the head of his cock in my mouth until his orgasm subsided. Then, after he had relaxed a bit, I leaned back and swallowed hard so he could see me.

"Holy shit! That was awesome," he said, as he reached down and pulled his shorts back to his waist. "Damn, that was hot! Definitely one of the best blow jobs I've ever had. Thanks!"

"Yes it was hot," I said. "That was a lot of cum. Thank you!"

"No problem, any time," he said. "I'll drop you back at your car, then I have to go before the wife starts calling."

"Sure," I said. "Let me know when you want to do this again."

We tried to hook up again at the same place about a week later, but just as we were about to make our way to the back, a sheriff's car pulled in right behind us. Thankfully, the cop didn't get out of his car, even though I'm sure he knew we were up to something. We both decided not to press our luck and agreed to try again another time. Unfortunately, we lost contact and never did.