 The following story is complete fiction. It deals with sexual activities between two male eighteen year old high school seniors and their older male vice principal. If such content offends you or violates your community standards, please stop reading right now.

*****

Todd and Aaron emerged from Mr. Gibson's office, still in shock about what had just happened. In each of their backpacks was their "homework assignment" as Mr. Gibson had put it. A cock ring for Aaron, and a butt plug and bottle of lube for Todd. They shuffled aimlessly down the hall for a few minutes until Aaron was the first to speak up.

"We need to get out of here man. Our teachers must still think we are in suspension today. I think we can slip out, head back to my house and talk about what the hell we are going to do." Aaron whispered as they made their way down the stairs towards a side exit of the school.

Todd for his part couldn't speak. His mind was replaying the scenario over and over. "Why didn't I get up and run?" He thought. "Why did I do those things so willingly?" Todd asked himself.

"Hey man snap out of it talk to me, I know you had it a lot worse in there but we are in this together right?" Aaron waved his hand in front of Todd's face to snap his friend out of his daze.

"What . . .huh oh yeah, let's go back to my house my parents aren't home, we can talk there." Todd managed to utter in between thoughts of the debasing domination he had just experienced. "He called me his gay suck bitch," Todd thought as Mr. Gibson's nick name for him sat fresh in his mind.

They walked to the parking lot and Todd's car without saying anything more to each other. After the short drive to Todd's house they found themselves in Todd's basement, staring at a turned off television screen.

After what seemed like many minutes Aaron was the first to speak again. "Do you want to burn one dude?" Aaron pulled out a bag with a couple of joints and some loose weed.

Todd couldn't believe it, after all the trouble that weed had gotten them into Aaron still wanted to smoke. Todd couldn't resist the smell for long though, and he accepted the lit joint from Aaron.

"So I just want to say first I'm really sorry for getting us into this mess. If I had any place to go if I got expelled I would have told him to fuck right off. Still it wasn't so bad right?" Aaron said cautiously.

Todd was livid, he wanted to tear into Aaron, but the weed had a calming effect that allowed him to talk without screaming. "Wasn't so bad? Are you serious? All you had to do was jack off a couple of times. Something you do like three times a day! I had to suck his old cock! You heard him he has big plans for me. He's going to try and fuck me in the ass tomorrow I know it!" Todd started to get worked up.

Aaron noticed his friend in distress and tried to soothe his fears. "Come on dude we don't know that for sure. Maybe it's just another one of his games. I'm sorry I got you into this, but we are so close to graduating. If we can get our diplomas we can tell him to fuck off. How much of a sex drive could a guy that age even have anyway?" Aaron punctuated his plea with a huge rip of the joint and handed it back to Todd. 

Todd hesitated for a second before accepting the joint again and taking another hit. It was as if by accepting the joint he was giving his blessing to the whole arrangement.

***

Mr. Gibson sat in his office reviewing the footage from his first session with his new captives. He couldn't believe the eager little cocksucker he had awoken in Todd.He had hoped he could sell the footage online after blocking out his face but Todd's boyish looks made that impossible. Despite being eighteen Todd could easily pass for sixteen.

As he got to the part where Todd started placing kisses all over his cock, his manhood became swollen. Mr. Gibson reached into his sweatpants and grabbed his thick cock . He kept rewinding the same part over and over as he worked his hand over his cock. Careful not to go too far, as he edged himself to build up another load. A load that would be meant for his new slut's ass. Before he went home for the day Mr. Gibson stopped to prep for tomorrow's session.

He made sure that he had nipple clamps with attaching chain, a bondage rope, and a bottle of generic Viagra. He was going to feed the Viagra to Aaron so that that young man would have a rock hard cock for the whole session. Finally Mr. Gibson locked up the items in his desk, locked the office behind him and went home for the day.

***

When Aaron got home from Todd's house he went straight up to his room and locked the door. He opened up his back pack, took out the cock ring and placed it on his computer desk. 

Unable to bring himself to open it Aaron just sat and examined the packaging. The words "Thick Stud Ring Co" were printed on the package with a blurb of text "We keep you harder, longer, so you can fuck twinks all night long."

The word twink stood out to Aaron. Not knowing what it meant he pulled up a search engine and put the word in and clicked image search. Immediately his computer returned pages of images of young fit men in various stages of clothing, either fucking or being fucked by other men, and in some cases old, hairy men like Mr. Gibson.

Aaron was starting to understand his role in all of this. If Mr. Gibson intended for him to wear this cock ring then maybe he also intended for Aaron to fuck Todd like the men fucking the twinks in these pictures.

Before be could stop himself Aaron clicked on one of the pictures and a video started to load. In the video a young twink was being spit roasted by a bear and a younger man. Aaron started to imagine that the twink was Todd and Mr. Gibson was the bear.

As Aaron's cock thickened he remembered Mr. Gibson's admonishment that he wasn't to touch himself or to masturbate, but to wear the cock ring and wait for his release.

Aaron finally took the ring out of it's package and read the instructions. It seemed like it snapped open into two pieces and you were supposed to slide the pieces behind the cock and balls and lock it back into place.

It took a few minutes of awkward fumbling but finally Aaron was able to snap in the cock ring. Immediately after he did he felt the difference. His cock which was already hard before, was now a granite piston, hard and rigid, awaiting desire.

While Aaron had managed to figure out his home work assignment, across town Todd was not having the same luck.

***

Todd had spent the last hour cleaning up his bedroom, this was after doing the dishes, cleaning the kitchen, and taking out the trash. Anything to keep his mind off the black butt plug and bottle of lube in his backpack.

In between his chores his mind broke through with little snippets of the filthy things Mr. Gibson had said during their first session. "Am I really a gay suck bitch?" Todd thought to himself as he folded some laundry. "Am I really going to crave his cock?" Todd shuddered at the thought, but his cock twitched. Betraying his true feelings, even if he was not ready to confront them.

Todd finished his laundry and sat down at his computer. He reluctantly grabbed his back pack and took out the butt plug and the bottle of lube. 

"What did he even want me to do with this thing?" Todd thought. His lack of experience with women spread over to a lack of knowledge with sex toys as well. He examined the package for some kind of instructions or something to help him figure it out.

"Black Stallion Training Plug" the box read in bold letters. There was some text on the back of the box. "100 percent silicon, hypoallergenic anal plug for anal sex preparation.". When Todd read those words his mind raced.

"For anal sex preparation," Todd's mind drew back to what Mr. Gibson had said during the last session. "Tomorrow is going to happen either way . . ." it all became clear to Todd. 

"Master I mean Mr. Gibson is going to try and fuck me tomorrow,". Todd caught himself; thinking of Mr. Gibson as "Master" was another sign that Todd was starting to change without realizing it. Mr. Gibson's grooming was starting to pay dividends.

As he slowly opened the package Todd's mind continued to spin. "What am I saying 'try to fuck me,' he's going to fuck me tomorrow and there's nothing I can do to stop him. I can't let Aaron get expelled." Todd thought of his friend who had gotten them both into this situation.

Regardless of the fact that he should be furious with Aaron he couldn't stay mad. They had always been best friends through thick and thin, though now their friendship was going to elevate to a level neither of them had ever imagined.

Todd removed the plug from the packaging and placed it's flared base on the desk next to him. It tapered to 3 inches in diameter, with a base that made it easy to grasp and remove.

"So I cover this with the lube and stick it up my ass?" Todd mused. It seemed so simple yet also so impossible of a task. "Maybe if I watch some how to videos that would help," he thought.

Todd turned on his computer screen and typed "how to insert a butt plug," into the search engine. He scrolled past the thousands of hits of porn to try and find an actual instructional video. After a while of searching he managed to find a series of videos on a tube site.

The first few videos explained the idea and concept of using a plug. How it was for loosening the muscles in the anus to make sex less painful. But also could be used during masturbation to stimulate the prostate and simulate anal sex.

"Stimulate the prostate," Todd thought, this was getting weird. After Todd felt confident in his understanding he clicked the last video in the list. The scene faded in and Todd focused in the screen.

A young twink walked into the frame holding a bottle of lube and a butt plug similar to the one Todd had.

"Hey there sluts," the twink began. "I'm here to show you how to properly insert a butt plug today. So we can get those little butt muscles nice and loose for your daddy's cock." Todd was taken aback, he didn't expect the video to take that turn. Nevertheless he continued to watch.

"I know you are watching this video because you need help getting your little rosebud ready for him. Don't worry I'm here to help. By the time we are done, you'll be ready for that thick daddy cock to fill up your insides." The twink continued.

Todd couldn't believe that he stumbled onto a video that was so similar to the situation he was in. He was hypnotized.

"Okay sluts let's get to it. First thing I want you stripped naked. Your Daddy is going to strip you naked so I want you naked now. Pause the video until you are naked."

Todd did as he was told, pausing the video as he began to take off his clothes. He was being dominated by a video now. If it was wasn't clear to him that he was a submissive slut before, it certainly would be soon. After Todd finished stripping he restarted the video.

"Good sluts, okay now the next step is getting our butt plug ready. When you start taking Daddy cock you'll probably be using spit and cum as lube more than anything, but for a toy nothing beats a good old fashioned water based sex lube. We all have our favorite brand."

The twink in the video grabbed the bottle of lube and started to squirt it on the plug. "Don't be afraid to use a lot of lube. The more the better, a dry toy is not pleasant. Make sure you get it nice and coated. When you are rubbing it down you can pretend it's your Daddy's cock. That will get you nice and worked up. Go ahead and pause the video again and get your toy lubed up," the video commanded.

Todd paused the video and opened up his bottle of lube. He squirted it on the toy and some in his hand. The lube felt slick in his hand but not cold like he expected. As Todd rubbed the lube onto the plug the words of the video echoed in his mind and he started to unconsciously imagine that it was Mr. Gibson's cock that he was rubbing down with lube.

When the plug was good and covered Todd restarted the video. "Okay sluts now that our Daddy's cock is good and slathered it's time for the show." The twink in the video turned his ass to the camera and grabbed the plug. Using his other hand he spread open his cheek and exposed his asshole.

"Now I'm an old queen at this so it's going to go in a lot easier than if it was my first time. So keep that in mind. If this your first time don't feel bad about taking it slow. We don't want you to injure yourself before your Daddy has had a chance to breed you." 

"Breed you?" Todd thought what the fuck did that mean? As he slid further into this world Todd continued to be surprised at what it contained.

"You want to push the plug against your asshole with gentle pressure. When you feel you've hit your limit, take a break, spin the plug slightly and push out your ass muscles like you are trying to shit. With a little luck it should slip right in." The twink pushed the plug in and it slipped in to the base.

Once inside the twink used both hands to open his cheeks and show the screen. "As you can see now it's in completely and I don't need to use my hands to hold it. Now that we have it in we have a few options. One we can just let it stay in to loosen our muscles. Two, you can grab the base and fuck yourself with it. Or three you can take it all the way out, suck on it and pretend it it's your Daddy's cock covered with your ass juice. See you later sluts". With that the video ended.

Todd realized it was now or never. He needed to get this plug in his ass or the session with Mr. Gibson tomorrow would be too much to get through. Todd grabbed the plug and assumed the position he saw in the video. Slowly he pressed the tip of the plug to his asshole. 

When he felt the warm touch of the lube his asshole fluttered as if ready to accept what Todd was offering. He managed to slide about twenty percent of the toy in before he met resistance. He remembered the video and waited a few minutes for his asshole to adjust, then he spun the toy and pushed out his sphincter muscles which allowed another bit in.

He only had the last bit to go now. He wanted to think about anything else but his mind kept thinking of Mr. Gibson's cock. He remembered the smell of sweat and cum from the office and his dick became rock hard.

Just as his erection intensified he pushed the last bit of the plug into his ass. Todd felt a sudden and profound fullness in his ass. There was some discomfort but Todd was shocked that somehow it didn't feel so bad. 

As his asshole relaxed to accept the toy Todd's small cock started to dribble pre cum. Todd was ashamed of his body reacting that way. Just as it did when he had Mr. Gibson's cock down his throat.

Todd started to stroke his cock as the toy filled his ass. He wanted to think about girls but every time he tried to imagine kissing one his mind snapped back to when Mr. Gibson made him French kiss his balls. He could almost feel the heavy nuts on his face again. The thought of Mr. Gibson's balls pushed him over the edge and his orgasm spilled on the floor.

Todd looked at the pool on the floor and remembered what happened the last time. He shook those thoughts and grabbed a dirty pair of underwear to mop up the mess.

Todd wanted to take out the plug but he knew he should leave it in as long as he could. "At least another few hours," he thought. Then he would put it back in tomorrow before the second session.

Todd still couldn't believe what was happening in his life, but his confused feelings went from complete revulsion to a mix of anxiousness and excitement. He didn't know what tomorrow had in store for them but he felt like he would be ready for it.

***

The next day found Todd and Aaron back in school sitting in their eighth period class waiting for the clock to strike two thirty and the start of their second session. While their fellow classmates were thinking about after school hang outs or going to a part time job, Todd and Aaron were thinking about the gay sex dungeon into which they were about to willingly walk. 

When the bell rang the students left the room in an instant. Leaving Todd and Aaron alone to gather up their things and make the walk to Mr. Gibson's office. A walk no doubt complicated by the ring locked around Aaron's bulging, swollen cock, and the butt plug resting inside of Todd's rectum.

On the way to the office they exchanged nervous talk. Aaron spoke first. "What do you think he's going to do to us today?" Aaron whispered to avoid the prying ears of teenaged gossip mongers.

Todd looked around to make sure the coast was clear before responding. "Well I'm not sure what he's going to do to you but I have a pretty good idea of what he's going to do to me," Todd said. They both had a pretty good idea actually but they felt that if neither of them said it out loud then somehow it would not become real.

"I just can't wait until it's over with," Aaron groaned. "This ring is too much I can't wait to take it off," Aaron grabbed at his crotch to readjust his cock.

Todd wished he was in Aaron's spot; wearing a cock ring instead of having his anal cavity filled with a rubber placeholder for Mr. Gibson's cock.

"Just remember what you promised me. Mr. Gibson has the power to ruin my life. No matter what, we do what he tells us to do and we don't tell anyone about it right?" Aaron intimated to Todd and waited for his friend's response.

"Yes I know I promised don't remind me okay. Let's just try to get through this," Todd said weakly.

They arrived at Mr. Gibson's office and nervously Aaron knocked on the door. "Come in boys," Mr. Gibson's voice reverberated from the other side of the door. Aaron slowly opened the door and they stepped into the office.

Immediately Todd noticed that in addition to the Camera setup from last time there were also small go pro style cameras placed strategically around the office. Mr. Gibson observed Todd's curiosity and spoke again.

"Last time the camera missed too much of the action unfortunately. So this time I've made sure that that will not happen again." Mr. Gibson stood up from his desk and continued. "Aaron lock the door and draw the shade and come to my side now." 

"Yes master," Aaron did as he was told, first drawing the shade and locking the door and then returning to stand next to Mr. Gibson to face Todd. Mr. Gibson reached into his pocket and produced a blue pill. A generic Viagra he bought on the internet.

"Open your mouth Aaron and swallow this pill. It's meant for dirty old men who can't get erections, though I've never had a problem." Mr. Gibson joked. "But it has another purpose. When used on a young hot stud as yourself it produces a non stop hard on."

"Yes master," Aaron complied and opened his mouth allowing Mr. Gibson to place the pill inside.

"Swallow it," Mr. Gibson commanded the trembling young man. Aaron worked up the saliva in his mouth to make it easier to swallow the large pill and then gulped it down.

"Good boy," Mr. Gibson said to Aaron in a seductive tone. "Now you may sit down and watch for a bit. It's going to take a while for that pill to kick in anyway." Mr. Gibson turned his attention to Todd. "Besides," he said. "We all know our little slut Todd is the star of the show right?" Mr. Gibson asked.

"Yes master," they replied quietly. As they spoke Mr. Gibson locked eyes with Todd and gazed seductively.

"Now during our first session in my excitement to get you on your knees, I skipped one of the best parts about gay submission. The kissing."

Todd wasn't prepared for this. He knew that he was going to have to do some things today that he had never done before, but somehow his mind never processed that there would possibly be romantic kissing.

Come here and let me take you in my arms Todd baby. I want you to look into my eyes as you kiss me. I want to see through you as you melt in my grasp.
