 ...We layed there for a while until he finally got up to take his shower. As he walked away naked, I sat up and thought about how amazing that was. I had wanted that for so long. I heard the rush of the water come on in the upstairs bathroom. Then I thought... How fun would it be to have shower sex? 

I then quickly ran upstairs, opened the bathroom door to find the steaming hot water rush down Jason's body. His back was turned to me, so I knocked. He turned around, smiled that ultimately sexy smile, and said "Come here you" 

I nearly ran to the shower door with a wide smile on my face. I was so giddy and couldn't contain my excitement. Literally, my dick was already hard as a rock. 

I stood in the shower letting the warm water run down my body. He looked at me with a sneaky grin. Almost as if he had some sort of plan for me.

"Alright Cody" he said through a laugh "round two?" As he said that he took a hold of my cock and started massaging it. He looked into my eyes, winked, and got to his knees. 

"I think it's time I return the favor" He said. 

I felt his soft lips kiss the head of my dick, then the shaft, then the bottom of my stomach, then my balls, and finally back to the head. He took the head in his mouth and slowly let my cock fall out of his mouth. As he took it into his mouth almost half way, he looked up at me. To think that the guy that I had been attracted to for years is finally giving ME head was absolutely amazing. This is only shit you hear about in pornos.

He started sucking me off, faster at first and then slower once he realized that I liked it better when he went slow. It didn't take long for me to get ready to cum, but I told him I was about to burst so he stopped. 

"I want to save that for the grand finale" he said, rising from his knees. "How did that feel?"\

"Fucking perfect" I said leaning in for a kiss.

We stood there for a while just kissing each other and rubbing our dicks together. He started to kiss my neck and chest and I kissed his ear when it was close. I could tell he was getting somewhat impatient so I took initiative. 

I kissed him once, and then bent over; extending my ass to him indicated I was most certainly ready for 'round two'. I looked back at him as he entered me for the second time. The feeling was even better than before. He thrusted into me, extending his arm to my shoulder so that he could hump me faster. He moaned as he slowed down but increased the power behind his thrusts. 

"I don't want this to be over" he said panting, clearly worked up by our experiences. He leaned down as he thrusted and kissed my back. He started to pump faster and I knew he was about to cum. So, I took my hand, wrapped it around my cock, and started jacking off. Yet again, our orgasms were in sync as I shot all over the shower floor, his warm cum shot up my hole. 

Jason pulled out of me, washed off his body one last time, kissed my neck from behind me, and exited the shower. 

I just stood there for a couple seconds, letting the water rush down my chest. This was reality for me now. And I liked it. No, I loved it.

"Cody, I have to go babe." He said wrapping a towel around his waist. He opened the bathroom door letting the steam spill out. He came back a minute later with his gym bag. 

Suddenly there was a knock on the front door downstairs. Jason looked at me with shock. "Hurry. Throw some clothes on. I'll hide."

I sprinted to my room and put a pair of gym shorts on and a t-shirt and ran to the door. My mom was home from work. 

"Hi sweetie" she said putting her work bag on the ground. I kissed her on the cheek, talked to her a little bit and got her to go into the other room. I hoped she wouldn't notice the clothes laying in the TV room, or the fact that I just had sex. Once she was distracted I ran back upstairs to the bathroom. 

There wasn't a trace of Jason. Not even a drop of water on the ground. Wow, he's good, I thought. 

"Jason? Jason." I whispered. 

No answer

I searched the house for him but he wasn't anywhere to be found. When I went into my room to start on my homework, I noticed a plastic Meijer bag on my desk. I walked over to it and there was a note on top of it reading: 

"Cody- This is a little thank you gift. I had a lot of fun today. Thanks for letting me use your shower. Inside is something I know you'll enjoy. Here's my number... text me? Okay? –Jason" Below it was his number and an arrow pointing to the bag. 

I slowly opened up the bag, wanting to make the surprise as dramatic as possible. 

All I saw first was a balled up black-and-white t-shirt. But when I looked closer I noticed two Nike symbols an under armor logo. I reached my hand in there to feel something warm and damp. I pulled out one of the items with a Nike sign on it. I pulled it up to my face and realized that Jason had left me his sweaty, dirty, and irresistibly smelly socks. I took a long whiff of the sock and it instantly brought back very recent memories. 

Once I looked in again I saw that he had left me his white jock strap. I smelled that as well, which was equally as satisfying. 

I closed my eyes and smiled. This was really happening to me. My dreams are finally coming true. 

TO BE CONTINUED