 I was walking around the pond by my house. The sun was shining and it was a very hot day. As I came over the bridge I noticed my school's soccer team was practicing at the soccer fields. There were about 25 of them , all hot and sweaty. But I only cared about one of them. Jason Little was running across the field to get a drink of water as I sat down on one of the metal bleachers. I pretended to text one of my friends but I was really eyeing his perfectly rounded ass. He wasn't very tall, 5'5" most likely. But he was so sexy. Ever since seventh grade I was always attracted to him. I could tell he was dripping with sweat and I began to get hard. I thought about how hot his feet must been, and how damp his socks were. They were sitting in his soccer cleats, getting smellier by the second. It wasn't until he was right in front of me that I noticed that the whole team was leaving. 

"Hey" he said stretching his arms above his head, allowing his stomach and his underwear band to show. "Why are you just sitting there?"

I sat there for at least thirty seconds in complete awe and disbelief that he actually acknowledged me. The last time he even uttered a word to me was in eighth grade when we had to work on a project together. And even then he didn't say much. Now we're in college and I didn't even know he went here. I finally stuttered out "I-I- I was just going for a uhm-a uh- a walk. And I got tired so I sat down uhm- uh for a bit" Gosh I was turning read I knew it. 

"Well you don't look very tired. And you haven't been sitting for long." My heart stopped at the fact that he noticed how long I had been sitting there. "Mind if I join you?" he asked as he threw his gym bag on the ground. 

"Sure. I mean, yeah of course" I couldn't believe what was happening. I had only dreamed about being this close to him. "So... what's up?" 

"Nothin'. Obviously I just got done with practice. You?" He turned to me and looked directly into my eyes. 

"Uhm... Just sitting" I laughed. I was so nervous. 

"Yeah I can see that. Hey look, this might sound weird and all but..." He paused. What was he going to ask me? Could this be it? 

"But.... What?" I asked.

"Do you live close by?" I nodded "Well I'm really sweaty and my parents can't come get me for like an hour and when they get me I have to go to the athletic awards banquet and... Do you mind if I take a shower at your house?" 

My jaw nearly dropped. This could actually be the moment where I sniff his dirty socks. Something I had wanted for such a long time. 

"I mean, if not that's okay. I could just change if... I mean... My parents told me to walk to Cassie's and shower there. But that's just so awkward, you know?" I must not have responded because the next thing I knew he was shaking me by the arm. His hand was so warm. 

"S- su-sure. Yeah, Jason. Yeah that's fine. My parents aren't home anyways." I said getting up, nearly tripping over my own feet. 

He smiled, grabbed his bag, and began to walk. The path around my house wasn't very long but it felt like it took hours to get back to my house. We talked and laughed all the way home. It wasn't long at all because when we got home he was still sweaty. 

"Do you want to shower right now?" I asked him as I slipped off my shoes. He looked down at my socks and smiled. 

"I have those socks too" He looked from my socks and into my eyes. I stared into them as he smiled, but then I realized I must have been making my attraction very obvious. "No, I wont shower now" He said sitting on one of the steps of the stairs. He began untying his cleats. He was wearing long black Nike socks. The ones that went up just past the knee. My dick became harder as he slipped off his shoe and smiled at me. He handed the shoe to me and asked me to put it by the door. I could feel the heat of his foot coming off the shoe. He must have been so hot. 

"Help me with this one will you?" He put his other foot in the air indicating that he wanted me to pull his cleat off. I did so, but it was on there really tight that when the shoe came off, I fell backwards onto the floor. I became instantly red. 

"Shit Cody, are you okay?" He said getting up and lending me his hand. I grabbed it. I was finally touching his skin with mine. When he pulled me up, I was at most a foot taller than him. But our bodies were only two inches apart from each other. He laughed. 

"Wanna go watch some TV?" Jason asked. " You know, before I shower". He said that as if there was another motive behind watching TV. As if he meant that he wanted to do something else other than watch TV. 

"Sure. The TV room is over here."I said leading him to the family room. He plopped down on the couch with is legs spread open. He crossed his arms behind his head and stretched. I got another glimpse at his stomach and underwear. His underwear was Under Armor, which meant they were tight. I also knew they were tight by his bulge in his soccer shorts. 

He let out a big sigh and adjusted his dick. I stood there nearly drooling until he patted the seat next to him indicating that he wanted me to sit next to him. There wasn't much room on the couch, which meant he wanted me close. 

I sat very awkwardly on the couch with my legs close together and with my hands folded in my lap. I sat with perfect posture until he said "Relax man. This is your crib anyway". He then took his hand and pulled my shoulder back, making me lean back on the couch. 

His hand and mine were nearly inches apart until it happened. Either he noticed me eying his dick, or carefully watching his sweaty socks but he swung both of his hairy, socked legs onto my lap. He smiled at me and said "Can I pleaaaase have a foot rub...? If that not like, weird or anything". He just stared at me smiling. 

"Yeah, yeah okay. I hope I'm good at it." I muttered. 

"Im sure you are" He said smiling. I smiled back at him and just as I lost eye contact I noticed a small wink. 

I shut my eyes for a couple seconds and thought Oh my god. Holy shit. This is seriously fucking happening right now. 

I then grabbed his foot and started massaging it. The warmth and the dampness was getting me harder. "Sorry if they smell..."He said "Unless you don't mind." 

"No, I don't mind." Shit, holy fuck that makes me sound like I LIKE it. Shit... stay cool "I mean, they don't smell. Its fine." 

I continued to rub his feet for a little until he said "They DON'T smell? Really. You know what? Test it. Put my foot to your nose and smell it then." I blushed. 

"Okay, fine. I will then." I said it confidently. I slowly brought his socked foot up to my nose and took a big whiff. Yes. Of course they smelled, but I didn't mind. But he didn't know that. 

"Well? What do you think?"

"Yes they smell. But I like it." Oh shit. I ruined it then. I stopped rubbing his feet and just sat there. I looked down at the ground ashamed. 

"You like it huh? Well, then why'd you stop Cody?" I looked at him confused. I didn't even notice that he was feeling his bulge. His hand was cupped around his cock and balls. "That's right. Keep smelling them."

I listened to him. With one hand I held his foot there and with the other I shoved my hand down my pants and started feeling my dick. 

"Alright Cody. I knew you always wanted this. But that's okay. I'm bisexual, and I wanted you, too."

Holy fucking shit. Is this real? This can't be fucking real. I thought to myself. 

"No get on your knees and suck my cock" He said swinging his legs down and spreading them open. 

I slowly slid off the couch and got on my knees directly in front of him. I felt his warm socked toes playing with my knees. He smiled at me. His eyes comforted me and I wasn't nervous anymore. I immediately shoved my face down by his bulge and felt it on my face. I could smell his sweat from his dick and it was almost intoxicating. I pulled his soccer shorts down to reveal a whit Under Armor jock strap containing a massive bulge. I sniffed that too. It smelled so fantastic. I licked it all over and started to feel his chest. He didn't have a ripped stomach but he was definitely muscular. 

I then slid down his underwear to reveal yet another amazing sight. A 7.5 inch long semi hard dick. I was in complete awe. He didn't shave, which I thought was extremely hot, and his cock was circumcised. I couldn't contain my hormones so I dove right into his dick. I licked his cock up and down then taking it in all the way and slowly letting it flop out of my mouth. He moaned and ran his fingers through my hair. I sucked his cock for nearly 10 minutes until he told me that he was about to cum. 

"Holy shit that feels so good Cody. But I'm not done with you yet. Pull down your pants." He demanded. I pulled them down as he took off his shorts and shirt. He was all sweaty still and he wasn't about to dry off anytime soon. 

"Are you a virgin" He asked stroking his hard 8 inch cock. I nodded "Good, me too. So we don't need a condom. But we do need lube. One second" He walked towards the front door. From behind I noticed how amazing his ass really was. It was truly the definition of a bubble butt. He came back with some athletic lotion. "This will do" he said squirting some onto his dick. 

"Alright Cody. Don't be scared" he said as he took off my underwear. He then came very close to my ass and kissed my cheeks. He moaned and then started eating my ass. He licked around my hole and inside of it. It felt so good with his warm and wet mouth on my tight virgin hole. Once he was done, he put some lotion on his fingers and applied it to my ass. He fingered me a little to loosen me up. He said "I'm going in". 

I was on all fours with my shirt still on when all of the sudden I felt the head of his penis enter me. He asked me many times if I was okay. I always told him "As long as I'm with you". He began thrusting harder and deeper inside of me. I moaned loudly until he gave me one of his socks to cover up my mouth. The sock served two purposes. One, to muffle my moans of sheer pleasure. And two, so that I could smell his foot stink that I so longed for. 

After five minutes of doggy style he asked me to lay on my back. I did so and he came down on top of me. Taking off my shirt he kissed me. His lips were warm and soft. His mouth was absolutely perfect. He then shoved his dick up my hole, pressed his chest against me, and stuck his tongue in my mouth. He passionately made out with me as he thrusted his long hard dick inside me. I was in absolute heaven as with every thrust of his body, his stomach stroked my cock and I became closer and closer to climax. He asked me if it was okay if he could cum inside me. I told him that I wouldn't have it any other way. 

Both of us were panting as he came up from my body and started thrusting faster and faster until finally, I felt the warm sensation up my ass. His semen was squirting inside of me as I orgasmed as well. He let out a large moan and then smiled down at me. He pulled out his hard dick and lay beside me. 

"That was fucking amazing." He said, breathing heavily. 

We layed there for a while until he finally got up to take his shower. As he walked away naked, I sat up and thought about how amazing that was. I had wanted that for so long. I heard the rush of the water come on in the upstairs bathroom. Then I thought... How fun would it be to have shower sex? 

I then quickly ran upstairs, opened the bathroom door to find the steaming hot water rush down Jason's body. His back was turned to me, so I knocked. He turned around, smiled that ultimately sexy smile, and said "Come here you"

TO BE CONTINUED