 My mobile rang so I picked it up. It wasn't a number I recognised. 'Hey you, it's Luke. Remember me?' The voice on the other end was deep and sexy. I remembered all right. Still it had only been two days.

There I was innocently minding my own business meeting my friends for a week night drink and game of pool. Then there he was, the barman. I know, I know, it's such a cliché going home with the barman but I was a sucker for those big brown eyes, quite literally as it turned out!

He wasn't my usual type at all. I usually go for guys a couple of years older than my own age, 28. I like them experienced. This guy looked nearer to twenty than 30. He kept trying to chat me up though. I told him he was too young to know what to do with me. He told me that if I took him home he would know exactly what to do with me. Well I had to take him home then, didn't I? Just to see if he was as good as his word. He was, in fact he was better and he was gorgeous, all muscles and big brown eyes.

'Of course I remember you.' I replied. 'I'm not that much of a slut. What do you want?' I asked sarcastically, as if I didn't know what he was after.

'What are you doing tonight?' He asked.

'Going to the gym.' I replied. I didn't want to seem too eager even though I could feel my cock start to stiffen at the sound of his voice. 'Anyway, my arse is still Sore from the other night.'

'I'm sorry Robert.' He replied trying to sound sincere even though I could hear the amusement in his voice. 'Why don't I come over after the gym and kiss it better.' Oh My. I wasn't going to say no to that.

'Come over about 9pm then. I'll be home by then and I'll have had time to have a shower.' I said.

'Why don't I come over at 8:45 and I'll have a shower with you.' He answered. I would love to get you all soapy.' 

'Cheeky.' I replied 'Ok. 8:45 it is.' I put the phone down wondering how I was going to manage to work for the rest of the day with a raging hard on without any of my colleagues seeing it. Luckily I didn't have a very busy day so I spent most of it at my desk rather than walking around the office whilst trying to think unsexy thoughts about bricks and things.

I got home from the gym at about 8:15. I didn't want to be all dirty and sweaty when Luke turned up so I jumped in the shower and I had just finished drying my hair when the doorbell rang. I went downstairs and there he was dressed in black jeans and a black jumper. He smelt of Homme aftershave. That scent drives me wild. What I would love to do with David Beckham! (But that's another story.)

'Have you had a shower already?' He asked. 

'No,' I lied. I thought he might not be as keen to lather me up if I told him I'd only just got out of the shower. 

'Best get you cleaned up then.' He said. He kissed me then. I held him close and ran my fingers through his dark hair as our entwined tongues sent sparks of electricity through my body.

I could not wait to get him in the shower. I took his hand and led him upstairs. Once in the bathroom we quickly got topless and began kissing again. He kissed my lips and then trailed down and planted butterfly kisses all over my neck. I could feel shivers running down my spine at this and my cock started to harden. I felt for his zip and pulled his trousers down. He did the same to me. We both kicked off our shoes and totally naked we stepped into the shower.

As the warm water cascaded down on us I reached for the shower gel and poured some into the palm of my hand. I then wrapped my hand around his cock, which was now satisfyingly hard and gently began to tug at it using the shower gel as lube. With my other hand I reached down beneath his dick and caressed his smoothly shaven balls. He let out a low moan and lent back against the tiles reaching his hand out to play with my erect nipple. I felt him pull on it and this sent a warm sensation down my stomach to my dick that was getting stiffer by the minute. 

I knelt down in front of his big thick cock and started licking its bulbous head savouring the taste and enjoying the moaning noises coming from Luke who was obviously enjoying himself as much as I was. I moved my lips further on down his cock until I could feel it at the back of my throat. I relaxed here and moved my head back up to the tip using my mouth to satisfy his deepest needs. I felt him cup the back of my head and he began moving his hips backwards and forwards fucking my mouth.

This turned me on so much that I started to play with my own tool, which by now was rock hard and desperate for release. Luke saw me touching myself and said 'don't you dare make yourself cum yet. I've got other plans for you.' I was not happy about this as I wanted to shoot my load right there and then but I figured he might have something better in mind for me so I concentrated on his cock for a while licking and sucking and playing with his tight cum makers. 

After a few minutes of this he thrust his cock right down the back of my throat, almost making me choke and said 'Fuck... yeah baby.' I felt his salty cum fill my mouth as he did this and he thrust his hips backwards and forwards as he coated my tonsils with his hot creamy load. I swallowed the lot greedily, amazed at how good he tasted.

'Look at me.' He said when he had got his breath back. 'Having all the fun and I haven't even got you clean yet.'

'Make it up to me then.' I answered pretending to pout.

'I'm going to.' He said and then reached for the shower gel. He poured it all over me and then lathered it up paying a lot of attention to my inner thighs but never quite reaching my cock or balls and moving his hand away when he got too close. I was desperate to feel the warmth of his hand tugging on my engorged dick. 'Touch me.' I begged.

'Turn around.' He said guiding me until I had my back to him. He put his arms around me and held me close kissing my neck. 'Is your arse still sore from the other night?' He asked.

'Oh yes.' I answered, determined to play on it.

'Let's see what we can do about that then.' He replied. I felt him drop to his knees behind me. His hands found my arse cheeks and began playing with them, parting them so that he could see my most private parts. He kissed and bit my cheeks making me moan with an intoxicating mixture of pain and pleasure. Next I felt his tongue against my tight rosebud. I bent forward slightly to give him better access. He licked my closed sphincter a few times and pushed against the hole until his tongue had gained access to my pleasure tunnel. It felt amazing. I was so turned on I could barely stop myself from cumming but I forced myself to hold back as I wanted to experience as much of this fantastic sensation as possible. I pushed myself against the tiles bending over still further exposing myself to him even more so that he could eat as much of my arse as he wanted. 

Luke snaked his hand around my waist until he found my dick and played with it whilst his tongue explored my tight hole. I could not hold back any longer. My cock exploded with cum and I jismed into the warm soapy water several times watching it swirl down the plughole.

After he had drained me of as much cum as he could Luke suggested that we get out of the shower. We towelled each other dry and moved into the bedroom. 

We lay naked and cuddled up on the bed and watched T.V for about an hour by which time I was starting to feel horny again with Luke's sexy body wrapped around my own. I moved my hand down from his chest and started to stroke my hand over his hips and tummy just above his cock. He watched me do this for a few minutes and then took my hand and cupped it around his balls. Oh good, I thought. Play time again. I kissed him and ran my other hand down his body to feel that his cock was hard for me. I trailed my fingers up and down it making him groan in delight. He returned the favour. 

My dick was now engorged and pulsing under his touch. I wanted something more this time though. I wanted to feel him moving his cock in and out of my tight arsehole. Making me feel full up with his huge manhood. I reached over and opened the drawer to the side of my bed and pulled out a large bottle of lube. I squirted a large blob into my hand and started to massage it into his shaft that was now rock hard.

Luke smiled at me. 'I know what you want you dirty boy.' He said. He pushed me onto my back and bent my legs up towards my body so that he could get easy access to my arse. He grabbed the bottle of lube from me and I heard him squeeze it. Next I felt the cold gel against my arse and Luke's fingers massage the lube around my tight hole and up inside my tunnel. I moaned in excitement. 'Oh yeah, that feels good,' I told him.

Luke took his large cock in his hand and knelt over me, forcing my legs higher and pushing his dick against my entrance. 'Tell me what you want me to do.' He asked, pretending to act innocent.

'Your big thick cock right up my shit hole.' I replied, not holding back. I wanted him so badly now. I spread my arse check with my hands to make it easier for him to enter me.

'You got it lover boy.' He said. I sucked in my breath as the head of his dick seared through my tight ring. He went easy on me at first sliding slowly into my bowels inch by inch. I felt my arse stretch around his cock as he filled me slowly with his hot rod. He filled me up to the hilt and then stayed there hardly moving to let me get used to the sensation. I let arse relax around him. He slowly started rocking backwards and forwards filling me up with his cock and then withdrawing almost all the way out over and over again making me moan with lust.

I was so turned on by this time that I grabbed my own dick and began stroking it firmly. Luke looked at what I was doing to myself. 'Oh yeah. Baby I just love to watch you do that.' He said thrusting harder into me now with long deep strokes. I was really relaxed by now and loving the feeling of my arse being fucked and the warmth it was creating between us.

'Harder sexy, fuck me nice and hard,' I begged. He obliged banging me furiously now. His tight balls slapping against me as I grabbed his buttocks with one hand forcing him as deeply into me as I could. With the other hand I wanked myself hard feeling the pressure building up as I approached orgasm moaning loudly as I did so.

'That's it baby. Cum for me. Let me watch you spunk all over yourself while I'm fucking your arse.' Luke said. A few more strokes and I did just that coating my chest with hot sticky cum. 'Oh yeah, did that feel good baby?' He asked me looking at my spunk covered chest. I nodded. He grabbed my hips and pumped my arse brutally bringing on his own orgasm. I felt him shoot his load deep inside my arse in several warm spurts. 

He went still and lent over to kiss me I could feel his cock start to deflate inside me. Luke moved his lips down my body and across my chest licking the spunk from me and making me clean. As he moved his lips back up towards mine I could see that he had a full mouth and had not swallowed any of the man juice he had taken from me. He kissed me and I could taste the sweet saltiness of my own cum as he pushed it into my mouth. It tasted good, if I did say so myself. I swallowed all that he gave me. Savouring the taste and the sensation Luke's spunky tongue in my mouth.

When we had both swallowed our loads we curled up next to each other and I fell asleep feeling spent and satisfied.