 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

A half hour off the interstate, Mac and Nash pull into the circle drive of a private cabin. Since hearing Tessie's name, Nash has been unable to sit still. His giddy excitement stirs Mac's body and mind, "Exactly how it should be." Mac smiles calmly to reassure his brother and tousles his hair. Nash grins.

Mac turns off the lights and kills the ignition. The cabin door opens and Tessie steps onto the porch, wrapped in the style of fluffy, light blue robe she wore at night, in the old days. Exiting the car, both men stop and look at her a moment, beautiful auburn hair shining in the light through the cabin door. Fully covered, they still can't help remembering what lies beneath her robe.

At their synced grinning pause, she laughs and says, "Hello boys. Happy birthday! Come and give Miss Tessie give a hug." On her urging, they both move forward, up the steps into her arms. They embrace her from either side, enveloping her curvy 5'2 length with their strong bodies. Each resting his head on hers, she holds them tenderly, rocking them a moment. 

Nash sinks into his nanny's soft hair and skin, body slowly lighting with memories of her touch. Mac's cock has been filling since he pulled in the drive. He gently slides his hand inside Tessie's robe, seeking her ample breast. He feels a button up blouse instead, causing a surge to his member as he thinks of the plan he and Tessie have designed for the night. Massaging her clothed breast, Mac feels her pulling him from her robe. "Be patient darling. You know what's coming." She winks at him and releases them both leading them into the cabin.

___

Sitting on the couch near a fireplace, Tessie pours the boys some Creme de Cocoa into their Bailey's and coffee. "Grown up hot chocolate." She calls it. Sipping their drinks, the boys talk about the drive, the studio, and their current events. She listens and laughs with them, enjoying the update thoroughly. It warms her heart to hear what they are up to.

As the second round of drinks near the bottom, Tessie stands, "Time for your birthday to begin boys." She removes her robe. Underneath, she reveals the uniform of the past: a shapely button up blouse and black pencil skirt. She picks up the glasses and sets them on a tray with the alcohol. "I'm going to clean this up. I'll see you both in the bedroom in 10 minutes." She turns and walks away, fine ass swaying as she gracefully balances the tray towards the kitchen.

Mac looks at Nash, noticing some nerves and kisses his brother deeply, caressing the back of his head and neck. He leans and whispers into Nash's ear, "I promise, you're going to love this." He gently bites Nash's lobe and kisses his neck, then stands and pulls Nash up. Holding his hand, Mac leads him down a low lit hall past several closed doors. They reach the second to last room in the hall and Mac pauses, hand on the door, grinning at his brother. Nash's hands cover his face, his own grin peeking through. "Show me already!" He squeaks through his fingers.

As Mac opens the door Nash's hands drop, mouth hung open in surprise. Inside the room, is a recreation of their bedroom at 8 yrs old. Nash's eyes take in the familiar features: the large palm tree painted on the corner wall, the plush green carpet, two jungle themed nightstands on either side of a large bed, like they shared in their youth.

Laughing in surprise, Nash throws a playful grin at his brother. He runs and lands on the bean bag chair set by the bed, the old spot. "You found my favorite sheets!", Nash laughs and points to the monkey pattern bed set as he bounces on the bag.

Mac smiles, watching his brother wrapped in nostalgia, enjoying the room. "It's perfect, every detail." Watching Nash, he thinks, "He's going to love this." Mac walks over to the bed and gives it a bounce, "It feels so good to be here." He says aloud. 

"Oh my god!" Nash squeaks. "My dinosaur drawing!" He bounds from the bean bag to a scattering of crayons and pencils on the floor, and picks up his old drawing. In the clever reaches of his mind he starts to wonder why it's been left on the floor. Then suddenly, he understands, some at least. Mac watches his realization, pleased he has discerned a little. 

Nash looks over at his brother in awe, feeling excitement flowing his body. "What about Tessie?" Mac responds gently, "She'd like to watch and guide us, be with us there." Nash smiles and says, "She's part of us." Mac smiles at him, then scoots near the headboard, his old spot, and takes a laptop from the jungle themed nightstand.

___

Nash takes a close look at his old drawing as his mind races toward what's next, still enjoying the lines of his T-Rex. He sets it on the floor and looks at his brother, now tapping away on his laptop. Standing, he walks to the bed and sits on the backside of Mac's laptop, staring at him. Mac ignores him though he can't hide the smile overtaking his face. Nash bounces once on the bed and stares at Mac. Mac's smile fades as his mind is drawn in. He continues to ignore Nash.

Nash looks at his brother's sudden blank gaze and feels himself respond in kind. His expression goes flat as he pulls his shirt over his head, tossing it in the corner. He peers over the laptop into his brother's waiting eyes. In silence, they stare for moment, as the world goes still. 

Without word, Mac closes the laptop and places it on the jungle themed nightstand. He watches Nash as they both undress, sitting on the bed, noticing as Tessie silently glides into the doorway. Crawling naked, towards each other, Mac and Nash sit leg over leg on the bed as they used to. Nash reaches out first, gripping the head of Mac's hardening cock, squeezing and pinching it. He lays his head on Mac's strong shoulder and shudders as his brother reaches out and grips him back.

Together they manipulate each other in an old way, sighing and moaning as they pinch and grip. Though much less finessed in technique, the act brings rushing memories of first feelings. The urge to cum, heavy in their filling balls, their sounds become urgent.

"Hello boys. I can see you."

Mac and Nash jump, losing their grip on one another, Mac having forgotten her ghostly appearance in the doorway. She walks towards her sitting chair near the bed saying, "It's okay Mac, Nash. I'm just a little voice, here to help you." The boys grin at her and she smiles back taking her seat. Mac whispers to his twin, "Now you get what you want pretty boy." Heat ripples through Nash's body as they sit, legs tangled.

Tessie speaks, "You are good boys and you love each other so well. It feels good to love each other, doesn't it." Mac and Nash nod silently, fully accepting the odd reality of their love triangle. "It's okay boys. You can keep touching except Nash, it might feel even better if you sat on the edge of the bed. Scooch up." Nash scoots to the foot of the bed feet dangling and kicking a little, excitement coursing through his body. 

"Now Mac, if you went and sat on your knees in front of Nash, you will be able to see his pretty cock right in front of your face." Mac slides off the bed and kneels before his brother, feeling his heat. "Now Mac, hold Nash's pretty cock like you would hold the monkey bars." Mac grips his brother's rigid cock in his fist. 

"That's right baby. You're very good at this. Now move your hand up and down while you grip brother's pretty cock like the monkey bars." Mac glides his hand slowly up and down his brother's shaft, watching Nash's eyes become glass as he leans onto his elbows. 

"Very good Mac. You are so strong. Hold his pretty cock a little tighter and move faster, strong boy." Mac responds to his nanny's cue and hastens his grip. Nash moans in transportment, remembering: feeling the first proper stroke, Tessie's sweet voice now guiding him.

"Your love is beautiful boys. Mac, see your brother's face? See how good you make him feel strong boy? See how hard his pretty cock is for you?" Mac looks luridly at his brother's tense face, eyes shut, cock jutting skyward, trembling under his fingers.

Tessie's voice pulls them forward in their reverie, "Strong boy. We're going to make pretty boy feel even better. Nash, lay back on the bed. That's right pretty boy, lay back for your brother's love. Very good. Now Mac, let go of Nash's cock." Mac let's go of Nash's cock, earning a look of slut-driven panic from his brother. 

"You're doing very well strong boy. See how he stands up so straight, like a finger? Take your mouth and put it around his pretty cock, then suck him like you are sucking your finger. Yes baby. Now move your head up and down while you suck your brother's hard cock for Mommy."

Mac's warm lips encompass first the head, then slowly further down his brother's shaft. Tessie watches, reaching for her cleft as Nash falls fully into ecstacy: the sensation of his brother's warm mouth, tongue sliding a kiss up and down the length his rod, mouth squeezing, the warm wet rushing of blood as he remembered the first of many new attentions to his body. Nash cries out, sending a jolt through everyone's sensitive organs.

Nash's balls are full and heavy this time, as his cock slides in and out of his brother's hungry grip. He feels a momentary ache, then his seed explodes into Mac's undulating mouth. As Nash starts to cum Mac shoves the length of his brother's pulsing shaft down his throat, and begins to massage it, as Tessie did on his 18th. In the last second of coherence Nash thinks, "...the things Mommy has taught us.", then loses reality in his brother's throat as he cums, shattering the earth inside.

Gently sucking his brother clean, Mac removes his lips from Nash's cock and sits back. Nash leans up on his elbows smiling. At once, Both boys look at their nanny, graceful legs splayed in the chair softly stroking herself, pencil skirt now laying on the floor, revealing soaked white satin panties. Definitely not your first time. Damn!" Tessie laughs, infecting both boys with her response. 

"Now then. Are we ready for act two, my loves?" 

"Yes Mommy", they reply in unison. Tessie sits upright in her chair, straightening her blouse. She longs desperately to climb onto both their young bodies and let them impale her, but she takes a breath and finds her composure. This night is not hers, beyond the watching and the telling. "There will be plenty of tangling in the morning, I'm sure." She smiles inside as she takes on a more serious countenance.

Mac leans forward taking Nash's semi-hard cock into his mouth again, earning him a twitch and a smile. "Very good strong boy. You can stop now. You've loved your brother so well. See how good he feels? Why don't you climb on the bed and hold pretty brother in your strong arms." 

Mac release his brother's cock and climbs on to the bed, putting his muscled leg across Nash's, scooping him close into his arms. "I told you you'd love it." He whispers, caressing Nash's shoulder. "You were right, strong boy." Nash replies, "I think it's about to be your turn." He snuggles into his brother's chest. Tessie watches their intimacy, and feels deep gratitude for what she's been given, including her sopping, swollen cunt.

Mac takes Nash's head into his hands, Tessie's signal they are ready. "Pretty boy, your brother has loved you so well, made you feel so good. Would you like to make him feel good too?" Nash nods silently, as he did then. "You're such sweet boy Nash. Why don't you scoot back to the edge of the bed and lay on your tummy, so brother can see your beautiful bum." Nash scoots and rolls onto his stomach, cock filling at the knowledge of what's coming.

"Mac, come round to the edge of the bed and stand in front of your brother please." Mac climbs off the bed, hard cock bouncing off the side table as he moves. "Ouch!" Mac grunts. Nash and Tessie stifle their giggles as he makes his way to the foot of the bed. He stands and gazes at his brother's lovely form, spread and waiting for him on the monkey print sheets. 

"Strong boy. Look under the bed. Just below your feet. Do you see a bottle under there?" Mac bends down and pulls a bottle of lube from under the bed. "That's it baby. This is special lotion Mac. It makes your love slide better. Twist off the lid and squeeze it into your hand. It will feel slippery and little cold." Mac squeezes the it into his hand, remembering his first feel of lube and how unsettling it felt all over his hand. 

"I know it feels weird baby but it's going to feel very good in a minute. Take the lotion and rub it on your brother's bum." Mac begins rubbing the lube into Nash's cheeks. "No, honey, on the inside, where you like to give Nash licks. Yes! That's it strong boy. Spread open his pretty bum and wipe the lotion in." 

Mac sensually kneads his brother's sphincter, pressing gently and caressing Nash's sweet hole. These moves are a tad advanced from his younger years, but he takes license and knowingly prepares his brother's asshole for a second time this night.

Deeply, slowly stroking herself, Tessie encourages Mac from her chair. "That's very good Mac. Very nice. Now, take your finger and gently press your brother's pretty pucker. Oh, that's good baby. See? He's opening up for you. Does that feel good pretty boy? "Yes", Nash moans loudly, voice muffled in the sheets. 

"Strong boy, spread his pretty cheeks and put your Titan cock inside your brother." Mac moans in anticipation as he spreads his brother's winking hole wide open. He grabs Nash's hips and presses deep into his brother's warm tunnel, sliding urgently through his entrance, now slick with lube. He pulls back and drives again deep. Nash wails loudly feeling safe and small with his brother fully inside. Tessie feels her next orgasm rise as she watches Mac taking Nash in their young lust. She cries out softly as she cums to their groaning thrusts. 

Mac grips Nash's hips holding tighter, as he drives deep into his boy, his brother, his twin, his lover. His body rides in memory, the years of pleasure spent here, inside. Deeper, harder he thrusts, strong arms gripping, body slamming into connection with the one he loves: the mate of his soul. For endless minutes he thrusts his passion into his moaning twin, cries muffled in the monkey print sheets.

Suddenly Mac feels his moment rising. He grips Nash hard and lifts him as he explodes into his brother's sacred place. Nash yells out, feeling deliciously helpless in his brother's arms, as his body milks Mac's cock in orgasm. Tessie watches transfixed as her boys both jet cum, one in his brother's pretty asshole, the other streaming onto the sheets.

They quiver inside one another a moment longer then collapse together on the bed, Mac's head resting on Nash's ass as it winks at him luridly. Tessie, feeling a strong need to release again, stands and walks toward her boys, sprawled on the bed. She gently ushers them towards the pillows, and they lay together holding one another. She pulls off the top sheet and grabs them a clean one from the closet, this one a warrior print, Mac's old favorite. 

Tessie covers them with the clean sheet and a blanket. She walks to each side of the bed giving her boys a kiss on the cheek as they smile and snuggle close to one another. For a moment, she stays, stroking their hair and singing them a lullaby, letting her emotions take her. Finally, she walks to the doorway and turns off the light switch staring at their peaceful forms. "Your love is beautiful boys. Thank you for sharing it with me. I love you. Sweet dreams." She walks down the hall to her own room and revels one last time in the love of her boys, their naked thrusting bodies following her into her dreams.

___

To be continued...