 Jason had left my house, and a very special gift for me to remember him by. Although his stinky underwear and socks were sufficient, he left his phone number as well. This meant that he wanted to see me again. And of course I wanted to see him. 

I quickly picked up my phone and entered in his number. I texted him: 

Me: Jason. Hey! It's me, Cody. 

He didn't respond for about ten minutes but I sat patiently waiting. 

Jason: Hey Cody. How did I know you were going to text me so soon? 

Me: Idk you had to expect it I guess ;)

Jason: I had fun today, Cody. A LOT of fun. Sorry I had to leave so soon. 

Me: It's totally cool man. I understand

Jason: But look, I gotta go. I'm pretty busy. 

Me: Okay okay :/ 

Jason: Dude! Haha. A group of us are going to the golf course tomorrow for dinner. Wanna go?

Me: Yeah sure! That sounds fun!

Jason: Sweet, see you there then. You can bring someone if you want. 

Me: Okay! Bye! :) 

He didn't respond after that. What was I going to wear tomorrow, I thought. Did I wanna look sexy for him? Shit I don't even know what he likes... I guess normal is fine. Thank god I actually get to see him. 

That night I lay in bed not able to fall asleep. I was too excited to see him the next day. I remember his little gift he left me so I got out of my bed and walked over to my desk. I opened up the bag and pulled out his black socks. They had dried sweat on them, I could tell by the lighter coloring by the toes. 

I brought one of the socks to my nose and took a big breath in through my nose. The smell took over my whole train of thought. I lost track of the real world, slipped my hand in my underwear, took hold of my rock hard dick, and started to jack off.

I walked backwards towards my bed and fell back on my pillows. I started stroking my dick up and down, pumping faster and faster. I continued to sniff the sock in my hands. His feet smelled absolutely amazing. It was everything I thought it would be and more.

Thoughts of this afternoons events started rushing to my mind. His sweaty, socked foot being pressed against my nose. His rock hard bulge coming out of his soccer shorts. His cock sliding in my ass for the first time. I still couldn't even fathom that this was a reality for me. 

I started pumping my dick faster and faster. Sweat started to bead up on my forehead and chest. I was so turned on and longed for Jason's presence. I was so close to climax so I took a huge breath in of Jason's foot stink and came all over my bed. I shot four loads onto my leg, chest, and bed sheets. I laid there for a couple minutes catching my breath. I took one last sniff of his sock and set it back onto my desk. 

I walked back to my bed and fell asleep with my underwear at my ankles... 

When I woke up my hand was clutching my cock. Morning wood. I smiled. 

My underwear was no longer at the bottom of my legs. I must've slept so soundly last night because when I went downstairs my mom told me that it had stormed badly all night. Jacking off helps me sleep. 

I texted Jason

Me: What time do you want me to meet you at the golf course?

Jason: About 7. We are taking a golfing lesson at 6 and it goes for an hour. See you there!

Me: Alright

Ugh everything he says and does turns me on. 

I needed someone to come with me but no one knew that I was gay. I decided to ask my closest friend Kennedy. She's really good with people and I seem to open up more when she's around. I texted her.

Me: Ken! Wanna go to the golf course for dinner today at 7? Jason (from high school) invited me and said I could bring someone!

Kennedy: Jason Little!? I haven't heard from him in forever! Sure I'll go! 

Me: Ok! See you there then :) 

She didn't respond.

I was beyond excited to see him again tonight. I wondered if he had anything 'in store' for me. Maybe another gift. 

The whole day seemed to drag. I went to the store, got some groceries, sat at home and watched TV, and by that time it was 6 o'clock. I decided to get dressed so I went upstairs and put on some khakis and a nice shirt. Was I over dressing? Oh god this is too much pressure, I thought. 

So I changed about three times until I found what I actually wanted to wear. I left and got there promptly at 7.

When I walked in I saw Jason sitting at the bar with three girls and two other guys. He saw me, smiled, and waved! 

"Cody!!! Over here!" He shouted from the bar. 

I walked over to him, he asked one of his friends to scoot over, and I sat down next to him. 

"How you doin?" He said getting very close to my face. His voice was deep and smooth. 

"I'm good" I laughed giddily "You?" 

"Awesome since yesterday" he said slapping his hand down on my shoulder. He squeezed it and looked into my eyes with a mischievous motive. 

"What?" I smiled. 

"Nothing. Nothing at all Cody" He said shaking his head and smirking. 

Kennedy arrived a couple minutes later and connected with some old friends. Before I knew it, the time was 8:15 and I had to pee really bad. I dismissed myself to the bathroom. 

The bathroom was so confusing. There was a lounge, a changing room, urinals and stalls, and a sink with toiletries ranging from hairbrushes, to cologne, to toothpaste and tooth brushes. I made my way to the urinal and noticed out of the corner of my eye something black sitting on one of the benches in the locker room. I looked at it and thought it was a golf club cover. I ignored it and took a piss. When I went back to the sink I looked closer at it. 

When I started walking towards it I saw that there were two of whatever it was. I got right up next to it and noticed that it was a pair of dress socks. Black and had the same sweat marks that Jason's did. I picked them up and took a whiff of them. They had a faint foot smell, but I was intrigued. I heard the door to the bathroom open and I dropped them. I didn't notice that I had been touching myself. 

I turned around, holding my hands in front of my boner, and saw Jason standing there with his arms crossed. 

"Well, well, well... We were all wondering where you were, Cody." He smiled and walked slowly towards me. 

"Sorry" I said blusing "I got busy... er... preoccupied." 

"Uh-huh... Are those socks I see behind you?" he craned his neck to look behind me. 

"Ye- I mean, I don't know" 

"I think they are! Still can't get enough of that foot smell, can ya Cody?" He picked up the socks and smelled them. "I don't think they smell NEARLY as good as mine... Or do you need a reminder of what mine smell like?" 

"Yes Jason. I completely forgot. Refresh my mind would you?" I said getting down on my knees. 

"Okay I will, but not here" He said grabbing my arm and taking me into one of the private changing rooms. He slipped off his shoes and the smell wafted up to my nose. He stuck his foot up to my face and pushed me back against the wall. "Go on, Cody. Jack off" He winked at me. 

I smelled his foot as he pushed it against my face. The pressure forced the smell up into my nostrils and that made me pump my cock harder. 

"Suck my dick Cody! Don't be selfish" He unzipped his shorts and slapped his dick on my face. His cock smelled like he wanted me to remember it. I was in awe of how perfect his stinks were. 

I took his cock in my mouth and attempted to deep throat it. I gagged and he laughed. 

"God damn Cody! This is what, your second time sucking dick? You're starting to play with the big leagues." I looked up at him and smiled. I then took his cock in again and deep throated It successfully. He moaned loudly through a laugh. "Nice job buddy"  

He grabbed the back of my head running his fingers through my hair. He guided my mouth on his cock until I felt it throbbing. 

"I'm about to cum Cody. You can stop now" 

I looked up into his eyes with his cock half way in my mouth I grinned and continued sucking him until I felt his dick stop throbbing and shoot four large rounds of warm cum in my mouth. I tasted it for a while, and then swallowed it all. 

"Damn. Let me help you out then." He said getting on his knees to suck me off. 

His warm mouth kissed my dick and started sucking rapidly. I told him I was about to cum so he pulled my dick out of his mouth and jacked me off til' I came. He licked some of the cum off my dick and patted me on the back. 

We pulled up our pants and he gave me his socks. "For tonight" he winked at me.

"What?" I looked at him half confused half embarrassed. 

"Oh please Cody. Like I don't know you masturbated to my socks last night" He put his arm around me as we walked back to the bar. 

As we walked his hand went from my shoulder, to mid back, and then to my ass. As we got to the entrance to the bar he squeezed my butt and walked in. 

"Come on, Cody. We can't neglect our friends, can we?"