 I had been attending a nearby swimming pool for a few weeks to improve my cardio fitness. During the day there were mostly older retired people and some mothers with kiddies. As I retired early due to continuing royalties from a trashy self-help book I co-authored, I was able to spend more of my time doing the things I previously thought were unimportant. My day was spent writing, reading and trying to stay in shape. 

I recently increased my lap numbers to 16 with a brief rest every two laps of an Olympic sized pool. I had set myself a series of short-term goals ending with 16 laps non-stop with moderate lap times. Setting reachable goals, I find I enjoy more of a feeling of accomplishment achieving such targets rather than stressing myself out competing with high achievers. 

My lap numbers and times began to improve quickly when I noticed there was a dopamine or serotonin high as I counted down the last few laps. 

Climbing from the pool recently I found I was mildly aroused. I sat catching my breath on a nearby seat and was alarmed to find my penis was hardening up. I had no way to hide the evidence of my larger swollen cock, in front of other swimmers. 

To my dismay, as I stood up to leave the seat and retreat to the change rooms where an erection might be less conspicuous, my cock was pushed to the side but was straining forward to its natural erect position. I knew I had to leave that place as I was attracting way too much attention from both genders. I had no towel or t-shirt to hide my advanced state of arousal, so I tried to ignore the attention, walking away from the public area, looking straight ahead. 

But even worse bedevilled me. The underside of my sensitive six inch cock was rubbing lightly back and forth along the fabric of my speedo bathers and assuming a central position as I walked, stimulating me to a point where I was absorbed in the build up of sexual tension in my treacherous cock. When I look back at that day, I wonder why I didn't jump into the swimming pool where my hard-on would be out of direct sight, but at the time I seemed to be focused on trying to hide in the men's change-room. 

When I was still about 30 metres away from the change-room door, my cock took on a life of its own. Three men came through the door of the men's change room and immediately noticed my hardened cock. I tried to rush to the sanctuary of the building they had just left but it was still too distant. 

I became light headed and lost control, surrendered to the insistent out of control climax possessing me and I began rutting my hips obscenely, squirting white semen through the light fabric of my navy blue bathers as the group of men stopped and watched me having the most intense orgasm in my life. 

Two of them spoke in unison. One said, 'Way to go man,' while the other said, 'Way to come Mate.' I could feel my face as hot as though there was a door of a blast opened in front of my face.

I noticed the obvious stains and tried to remain calm but I knew there was no way I could disguise what I had just done. 

At the age of 32, it was the first time in my life I had come without masturbating or fucking somebody, and in full view of three staring strangers. As I walked back to the showers I thought about my new experience. Luckily there was no-one I recognised in my confused memory of the faces of those who witnessed my phallic embarrassment.

But being caught in such a situation had me feeling high. Being seen naked is one thing, but being erect meant I was out of control. 

I stepped into the shower and used the soap dispenser to wash my body, and then removed by bathers and washed them several times to remove all traces of my semen. 

When I turned off the shower, one of the men who had seen me ejaculate through my Speedos was waiting, sitting on the change bench, and watched me as I stepped back into my swimmers. He was the youngest of the three with light brown hair, and a slight build. 

He had a half smile on his face and he said, 'That was very impressive outside mate. I was so turned on I almost fell to my knees to suck you off through your bathers.' 

'That might be a compliment of some kind,' I said. 'Thanks, I think.'

'It was a compliment. You have a very hard cock. But it might also have been a proposition. How would you like me to suck you off in here right now?'

'Whoa! It's one thing to be caught spontaneously, when accidents happen. Anyway, I'm straight and I nearly died when you guys stopped and watched me come. But being seen with my cock in your mouth would be way outside of my set of possibilities.'

As I said it, the whole idea felt like such a turn on that I doubted my own words. At that stage I had never had anyone offer to suck my penis. I had always thought it was too much to ask any of my girlfriends, thinking they would be too disgusted to ever agree. 

But now I was faced with an offer of a man to do it. I was disgusted at the thought of it myself. I had to find a way of politely declining his horrible suggestion. . 

He paid no attention to the fact I was not gay. He just continued with his confronting suggestion. 

He said 'Leave your bathers on and when someone comes in, we'll hear the door squeak open. Just turn away as if we don't know each other, which we don't anyway. Your call.' 

There was something so wicked about being sucked off by a man I didn't know in a public place. I had already experienced a public orgasm and was still soaring from the rush. I could feel my cock begin to fill again, and I stretched the leg of my bathers to let it out right in front of him. He was transfixed as he watched my cock as it began swelling. 

But could I let a MAN, suck my cock? Doubts, fears, taboos and disgust invaded my mind all at once. My first instinct was to politely decline. 

I thought I said, 'No thanks. I need to get home.' But nothing came out. 

What I did hear was, 'It looks like you're ready again mate. Very impressive. Stand still where you are and I'll sit in front of you. We'll stop if someone comes in.' 

I stood still, unable to agree or decline his audacious proposition, unable to stay and unable to leave. He moved in front of me and gently pulled on my swollen cock and twisted the head of it lightly in his fingers. 

I wished it would shrink and shrivel up to its usual inch and a half length when not aroused. But it rose up of it's own accord, immediately began to harden and stand to attention. I had no way to think clearly in this state. I stood petrified, rock still. My heart was beating so hard, I was sure it could be heard anywhere. 

My accomplice engulfed half of it in his mouth and began licking the underside of my throbbing cock, just behind the head, which is my trigger point. There was no way I could hold off my orgasm on my now sensitive cock, and I could feel my climax approach within seconds, when the door squeaked open and I turned away in fear of being caught coming again. 

Somehow, I forced my turgid cock back into my speedos and walked to the mirror as if checking my reflection. I turned sideways to observe its full effect. My cock was occupying more space than usual in my speedos and tented their shape, stretching the leg opening to reveal the base of my cock. 

The visitor used the urinal for a brief moment and left. 

Almost immediately, the other man approached again, knelt in front of me and said, 'Now you can watch in the mirror.'

I watched my cock disappear into his mouth and felt thoroughly disgusted with what I saw. I could see almost my entire cock as he left his mouth open and he took about two inches of my cock into his mouth, grasped my cock gently with his teeth and his tongue was slightly licking my frenum again. I could feel heavy throbbing in my private area and watched my cock twitching violently as another climax took my body beyond my control. 

I groaned loudly as my whole body tensed, and felt my first ejaculation squirt from my feverishly out of control cock. He gulped, then kept licking through my next three squirts. He swallowed another generous taste of my cum, then lightly sucked the rest from me as the aftershocks were subsiding.

'MMMMMMMM, Tasty!' he said as I recovered my breath. 

He stood up and offered his hand and we shook hands as he said 'Thanks mate. Might see you around.'

As he walked away I watched my overworked cock go down and begin to lose its hardness and swelling so I could place it in my bathers more discreetly, and go to my locker and get my clothes. 

What had just happened? I had no idea how events had gotten so completely out of my control.