 The first part of this story is true. The ending is purely my fantasy. The names have been changed to protect the indecent. ;)

*****

It was a hot Saturday in August. My old college roommate, Cam, had invited me over to his house to visit. In the years since we graduated we had continued to stay close, playing golf, going to movies, or just hanging out talking about sports, life, and girls. He was my best friend, and I always looked forward to seeing him. 

I pulled my car off the road and onto a long, winding driveway. Cam lived alone in a small house on his parents' property (his parents were quite wealthy). Stopping my car in front of his house, I got out. Cam came out the front door and waved. Walking up the front I greeted him with a manly hug, arms on shoulders, two quick back slaps.

"Thanks for coming buddy." Cam smiled. "Come on inside."

"No problem." I replied. I followed him into his house.

Cam opened the refrigerator. 

"You want a beer?"

"Sure."

He pulled two beers out and slammed the door. He handed one to me.

"What do you want to do today?"

"I brought my clubs if you want to go golfing?"

Cam shook his head. "No, too damn hot. Did you hear it's going to reach nearly 100 today? Let's just stay inside and watch the ballgame."

We settled on the couch and watched baseball for a couple of hours. We drank beer, watched the Yankees slaughter us again, and talked about our love lives. Cam had just broken up with his girlfriend, and I hadn't had a date in months. You know, the usual. The game finally ended, and Cam flicked off the tv. He lifted his sticky shirt off his chest and fanned it.

"Man...now it's even hot in here. I guess the fan can't keep up with it. I'm going to have to get air conditioning soon."

"Yeah." I replied. "Should I leave? It's too hot to do much of anything."

"No. Don't go yet. Hey! I've got an idea, let's go for a swim!"

Cam's family has a large, in ground pool between the two houses. A dip in the cool water would be nice. One little problem though...

"Sorry Cam, I wasn't planning on going in the pool. I didn't think to bring a swimsuit."

Cam laughed. "Swimsuit? You don't need a swimsuit! I never wear one. C'mon!"

Cam pulled his shirt off over his head and walked over to the door. He smiled. 

"You coming?" And he walked out the door.

"Wait! Wait a minute! Cam!"

I followed him out of the door and around to the side of the house. Cam was by the pool, his shirt and shoes on the ground. He was pulling his socks off when I caught up to him. 

"What about your parents? Won't they see?"

"Nah. They're away for the weekend. I do this all the time. Are you coming in or not?"

He unbuttoned his jeans and lowered his zipper. Placing his hands in the waistband he lowered his pants and underpants to the ground in one swift motion. Stepping out of them he stood naked in front of me, his hands on his hips.

This wasn't the first time I'd seen Cam naked. He was, after all, my roommate in school. But those were fleeting visions. Changing clothes, or passing glances in a darkened room. This was different somehow. As he stood stark naked in front of me he looked beautiful, purely sexual. His cock, about 5" long soft dangled under a patch of reddish brown pubic hair. It looked...delicious. droplet of perspiration ran off my forehead and down my face. Whether this was due to the heat or my nerves, I had no idea.

Cam turned away from me, took two steps, and dove into the pool. He swam across the pool with rapid strokes and pulled himself up out of the water. I watched the water run down his back and across his slim, perfect ass. I wanted to touch it. My god! What was I thinking? Cam sat on the concrete edge of the pool and watched me.

As if in a daze, I unbuttoned my shirt and dropped it on the ground. I stepped out of my sneakers, and pulled my socks off. Suddenly shy, I turned away from Cam and opened my pants. I dropped my pants to the ground. I took a deep breath, held it, then slowly let it out. Lowering my underwear to the ground, I turned and faced my best friend. He sat on the edge of the pool smiling at me. His cock, previously soft, had started to swell. I gasped, and felt my own cock twitch. Shocked, I ran to the pool and jumped in.

I had never swum naked before, it was glorious! I swam a few laps, feeling the cool water glide over my naked body. I sat on the pool steps and looked over at my friend Cam. He was leaning back on his elbows, his eyes closed, soaking in the sun. I stared at his cock, now half erect. I licked my lips and made a decision. Swimming across the pool I came to a stop directly in front of Cam. The water was shallow enough to stand. I stood in front of him and place my hands on his knees. He sat up and smiled at me. 

"Enjoying yourself?"

"Yes, I am. I never expected anything like this."

I looked at his cock, a foot from my face. It was rising to full tumescence. I ran my hands up his hairy thighs, then back to his knees. A small drop of precum formed on the tip of his cock and glistened. I looked back at his face.

"It's ok." he whispered, his breathing a little ragged. 

I looked back at his now fully erect cock, at least 7" long and much thicker than mine. I couldn't believe this was actually happening. I lowered my mouth to the tip of his cock and licked it. The precum was sweet on my tongue. I ran my tongue up the length of his cock, from base to tip. Cam moaned. I took the tip of his cock in my mouth and sucked on it while running my hand up his shaft. I could feel my own hard cock trembling in the cool water, the sensation incredible. He put his hand on my head and I, somehow, knew exactly what to do. I lowered my mouth onto his cock and took him fully in my mouth. I almost choked on his girth, but began bobbing my head quickly up and down on him while sucking hungrily. Cam began rocking his hips with me and suddenly gasped.

"I cumming!"

Thinking back, I can only assume he meant that as a warning so I could pull away, but there was no way I was pulling away. Moaning loundly onto his cock I held him tighter and sucked harder. I was rewarded as he began to shiver and then bucked his hips as he came, filling my mouth with more semen than I could possibly hold. Some went directly down my throat, some spilled out of my mouth, the rest I swallowed hungrily. I continued milking his cock till it was dry, and it fell back limply onto his stomach. Cam lay on his back, breathing quickly, his eyes closed. I looked at him while I caught my breath. I wasn't sure what I should be feeling. I had just blown my best friend and I loved it! What this meant for the future of our friendship remained to be seen.