 I have to preface this by saying that I was really drunk at the time. Mandy and I had gone out drinking and we were both pretty wasted. 

I stood up to go to the bathroom and as I started to walk off she grabbed me and pulled me back to her. She wrapped her arms around me as she sat on the bar stool and kissed me deeply. Our lips parted and our tongues entwined in a white hot kiss as she ground her pussy against my rapidly rising cock. 

She broke off the kiss and giggled as she squeezed my hard cock through my shorts. "That was to make sure you miss me while you were gone," she said as she sent me on my way. 

I walked to the men's room with a prominent bulge in my shorts thanks to Mandy's teasing and then unzipped my pants and pulled out my good sized semi-erect dick to pee in the urinal as another guy stepped beside me to use the other. I kept my eyes forward, as I always do in a public restroom, and I was startled when the guy beside me spoke. 

"Very nice," he said looking down at my still semi-hard dick. 

I looked at his face, careful not to look down, and he smiled as his eyes directed me to look down. I followed his eyes down to his exposed fully erect cock and I was shocked. It was enormous, easily 11 inches long with a thick bulbous head and his hand pumped it slowly as I watched. 

Despite the fact that I had never entertained a conscious homosexual thought in my life I felt my cock twitch and start to stiffen. He continued to slowly stroke his giant cock as he spoke softly. 

"Do you want a taste," he asked. 

"I don't think so," I stammered as I stuffed my near rigid dick into my pants and walked to the sink. I quickly washed my hands and walked back to Mandy in a daze. 

"Did you miss me?" She asked as she pulled me to her and kissed me again. "Mmmm, I guess you did," she giggled as she felt my hard cock press against her thigh. "Unless some guy got you hard in the bathroom," she teased. 

"Actually, some guy did just hit on me in the bathroom." 

"Oh really, do tell." 

I proceeded to tell her the whole story including my unexpected interest in watching him play with his giant cock and when I finished Mandy was flushed with excitement. 

"That was so fucking hot baby," she said breathlessly. "Feel this," she said softly as she took my hand and guided it under her skirt to her naked pussy. She was soaking wet. 

"So his dick was big baby?" She asked tentatively. 

"It was huge Mandy. Like porn star big." 

"Mmmmm, and looking at him stroking it kind of excited you didn't it," Mandy asked. Her voice was thick and raspy and it was clear that she was getting more and more excited. 

"A little, I mean it was the first time I had ever seen someone doing that you know," I said trying to justify my reaction to myself as much as to her. 

"So would you ever do anything with a guy baby," she asked me. "I have to be honest baby, the thought of seeing that really excites me." 

"I'm not gay Mandy." 

"I know you aren't baby," she said as she kissed me softly on the lips. "But maybe you are a little bicurious. I mean watching him stroke his big hard cock did make you hard." 

My cock twitched as she emphasized the words big hard cock. "I guess," I answered. I was being as noncommittal as possible because the whole idea made me uneasy. 

"It's okay that it excited you baby," Mandy said as she gave my cock a squeeze. "I mean I am bi so I understand baby, and I have to confess that the thought of you with a guy makes me uber hot." 

"Who was it anyway," she queried enthusiastically. 

I looked around the room and found the guy standing by the bar looking right at us. "That guy over there," I said as I gestured to the guy. 

"Oh god, he is cute too," Mandy said. "Baby, I know we haven't ever discussed this but seeing you suck a guy's dick would be so god damn hot. It has been a fantasy of mine ever since the first time you ate my pussy after you came inside me," she said excitedly. "Would you do that baby. Maybe we could share it," she moaned. "Both of us licking and sucking his giant cock until he cums in our mouths then sharing it in a nice deep wet kiss." 

Mandy looked over at the guy again and she smiled at him and motioned for him to come over. "He's coming over here baby," she whispered to me and my heart raced. I wanted to run and hide but I sat and waited. I was paralyzed by fear yet far more excited than I could imagine. 

Mandy squeezed my cock and giggled. "You are really hard baby. I think this excites you as much as it does me," she said as my bathroom admirer stepped up to our table. 

Mandy took charge of the situation. "Hi, I am Mandy," she said enticingly," my boyfriend Jeremy says you have a really nice cock." 

"Hi," he said confidently as his eyes roamed over Mandy and me. "I am John. Your boyfriend has a nice one too. You like to watch don't you?" He said to Mandy. 

"Yes," she said playfully. 

"Good let's get out of here." He said as he turned around and headed for the door. 

Mandy grabbed my hand and quickly followed John to the parking lot. He walked to a dark corner of the lot behind an SUV and pulled out his giant fuck stick. 

Mandy gasped when she saw it and dropped to her knees to get a closer look. She pulled me down beside her as she took the big throbbing rod in her hand. 

"Touch it baby," she pleaded. 

I reached out tentatively and wrapped my fingers around the warm throbbing shaft as Mandy moaned at the sight before her. His cock was hard and warm and my hand slowly stroked the long shaft as precum leaked from the head. 

Mandy buried her fingers in her pussy as she watched me play with another man's cock for the first time in my life. 

John moaned softly as I stroked his enormous dick with my right hand. I became more comfortable with each stroke and I brought my left hand up and cupped his equally impressive balls. 

"You like that don't you baby," Mandy said lustfully. 

"Mmmm," I moaned as I tore my gaze from the big throbbing cock in front of me and looked at my beautiful girlfriend as she furiously rubbed her swollen clit. 

"Lick it baby, taste his cock for me," Mandy hissed. "Suck it, please," she pleaded as her breathing labored and she neared climax. 

I looked back at John's big throbbing python and my lips parted. I felt my own dick throbbing with anticipation and excitement as I licked the precum from the thick purple head. 

"Yes, god yes," Mandy called out as she came hard beside me. Her moans and cries of encouragement spurred me on and I opened my mouth wide and took a warm cock into my mouth for the first time. 

My right hand steadily stroked his hard shaft while my left caressed his big swollen orbs. Saliva drooled from my mouth as my head bobbed over the huge phallus. 

John's hands held my head and I moaned around his big cock as I surrendered to the passion inside me. His hips jogged forward and his cock head tickled the back of my throat as John fucked my virgin mouth. 

Mandy continued to cheer me on and my hand was a blur over John's spit covered shaft as I wantonly worked his magnificent dick. 

Deep inside me something clicked and I felt an overwhelming need to taste his seed. Faster and faster I pumped his shaft as my mouth hovered over the tip in anticipation of my reward. 

"Oh god," John moaned as his balls tightened in my left hand. I tenderly caressed them as the first shot of cum flew from his dick. It hit the back of my throat and I sucked furiously on his head as my right hand milked his thick rod. Gobs of thick creamy cum filled my mouth and I swallowed to make room for more but held the surprisingly delicious cream in my mouth. 

John pushed me away from his hypersensitive cock and Mandy pulled me into a tight embrace. She pressed her soft lips to mine and we shared John's seed in a deep wet kiss. 

John was pulling up his shorts as Mandy broke off our kiss. "Do you want to come home with us and continue the fun?" She asked him. 

--To be continued--