 You ask what the secret is to my lying down for you, opening my legs to you, rolling my pelvis up for deep access, pulling your cock inside me, moving my core with the rhythm of you—what the key is to receiving the height of passion, the depth of service, the ultimate pleasure of total surrender to you from me? I don't ask for much; just a few minutes of ultimate possession, but totally suspended homage and restraint and total merging of you and me that one time—the first time we fuck.

Just give me seven minutes of your hard, motionless cock deep inside me, shafting me to the bed, floor, countertop, or shower wall, our bodies merged, our hearts coming into synch, building the anticipation of moving together in waves and waves of pain-pleasure thereafter, and I will be yours forever. When you have given me that, I will give you whatever you want. I will be your lover. I will be your slut. I will be your slave. I will crawl across the room for you. I will bark like a bitch in heat for you. 

Whatever you want. You can have your way with me—again and again and again. I will die on the thrusts of your sword, or ride you to the horizon—just as you wish. Just seven minutes of the shaft of steel sunk motionless inside me for me to build and wrap my passion around. Pay me that homage to the two of us being one. That is all I require, all that I ask. All I want is to be one with my lover for a solid seven minutes.

If you want me to jack you or suck you before that, I will do so, as long as I know you will give me seven minutes of hard, motionless cock deep inside my channel to release and feed my passion, to forge our connection.

When you are in heat from hand or mouth service, with a groan signaling your readiness, brush my hand away from your cock or raise me from where I am kneeling between your knees, fisting the base of your shaft and running my tongue down the side of it and back up the underside and then opening my lips over it, pulling it inside the warmth of my mouth, holding it close inside me, and flicking the slit with my tongue.

Lay me on my back on the bed, floor, tabletop, or grass and then lay me. Stretch out on top of me, like you're doing pushups, hovering over me supported on the heels of your hands and on your toes, our only connections being the flesh of the underside of my knees brushing on your shoulders as I keep my legs elevated, straight, trapped on your shoulders and my pelvis rolled up and your hard cock inside me, deep, throbbing but not moving, my claws clutching your biceps, opening and closing to the slow-motion beat of the throbbing of your motionless cock, the rhythm of my pants, and the beating of our hearts.

Remain there for seven minutes like that, your body rigid, unmoving, your eyes focused on mine as you watch me melt to you and feel the muscles of my passage walls ripple over your shaft. When I tear my gaze away from yours, my pupils have gone opaque; I am moaning in a low, sustained tone; and I roll my head up, lifting my chin and exposing my throat to you, tell me what you want, whatever you want from me. You will have it. If you want to turn into a vampire and sink your teeth into my throat, I am yours for the taking. I will lay there, docilely, moaning low as my blood pumps out of me and into you but your shaft stays hard, unyielding inside me. If you want to plunge up into my gut then, do so. If you want to shred my passage walls with your cruelty, do so. I will be totally open to you, vulnerable. I will have gone soft and spongy, deep at the center, for you. Do what you will with me. We have been one. We are one.

Having granted me those moments of total, controlled merger and commitment, do whatever you wish of me. You will have freed me to be your slave. I am soft, yielding at the center. Take your pleasure of me. Give me pleasure too, or not. Whatever is your pleasure. Start to pump me in long, slow slides, withdrawing entirely to hear my groan at the loss of you. Then plunge to the depths, punishing me deep. Withdraw and plunge. Then again . . . and again, building up speed, and I will give you all the writhing under you, counterthrusting, and cries of passion that you can handle.

Use me, abuse me, beat me, choke me, edge me, whip me, flood me with your cum or deny me your cum. Conquer me as and how you wish. I will surrender all. All I plead for in return for ultimate submission is that seven minutes of hard, unmoving, even if throbbing, shaft deep inside me to make me feel as one with you.

Tell me you want us to come together and then tell me when you are coming, and I'll give you that too. Or deny me permission to come, and I will not. I am at your command. Then, if you dive deep and hold it, still with some steel in it, hard and motionless deep inside me, buried to the root, the curly hair of your bush mingling with mine, I will be yours and will lie under you like this whenever you command me to go onto my back or belly for you or to slither like a snake across the room to you.

Just say the word, give the command. All for just seven minutes of motionless, filling, flesh-enveloped steel shafting me to the bed, forging our bond as one.