 I was back at Swing Shift again the other day. As I usually do when there I settled into the straight porn room first and watched the movie while also checking out the men that were wandering around. The crowd here is mostly middle-aged and older with, every now and then a younger guy looking for some fun. Today was no different. There was about a dozen men there and no women. There Was the usual movement of men from one area to the next looking to see if there was anyone interesting to play with. 

As often happens there was not much actual activity occurring. I moved into the gay movie room where there was 4 guys. Three were in the back row with one in the front. two of the guys in the back were masturbating through their pants so just waiting to see what happened without actually worrying about cumming. Not seeing anything there that was very interesting I moved again, this time to the room showing the tranny movies.

As is often the case here, this room had more men in it than the other 2. I found a seat in the back row just in front of the half wall built in there. 2 Other guys were in the seats and there were 4 men standing by the side wall where the aisle is located. In the space behind the half wall there were 3 more men. As often happens in places like this no one was doing much of anything other than checking out the movies, the other guys and occasionally playing with themselves through their pants. I watched the movie for about 5 minutes and kept checking the guys on the side wall at the same time. The seat I was in was at the end of the row right by the aisle . While sitting there I started stroking my cock through my sweat pants as well. I noticed that when I did that one of the men standing beside me against the wall started stoking himself more continuously. My attention was split now between him and the action in the movie. As it became clearer that he was getting excited I pulled down the waistband on my pants letting my cock out into the open. 

When my neighbour saw that he opened his pants and pulled his own cock out to stroke it. A couple of other guys along the wall noticing this going on took their cocks out soon there was a general jerk off party happening. I turned towards my neighbour and licked my lips and that was all the hint he needed to step forward and offer me his cock. He was a little above average with a cut cock and he was fully erect. He looked like he was in his late 40's or early 50's and as I took his cock into my mouth he started pushing in and out gently.

Sitting there I was a little too high to get the best angle on him so I took a step to the side till I was just being the half wall and then knelt down there. My partner stepped back there and started feeding me his cock again. A small group gathered nearby to watch us and most of them pulled cocks out and started playing with them. I've seen this happen before. Nothing is happening till someone breaks the ice as it were and then suddenly the party is on. 

As I knelt there my partner in crime started thrusting into my mouth more strongly. His cock was almost a perfect size for me. When he pushed in as deep as he could go it just cleared the back of my mouth and just entered my throat. Not enough to choke me or make me gag and as long as he kept pulling back and thrusting forward I had time to breath between thrusts. When his cock was almost out of my mouth I licked the head and then licked the underside as he pushed into me again.

I noticed his breathing was speeding up and then he took hold of my head with both hands and started deep fucking me on every stroke. His cock would slide in and just wedge into my throat then retreat again and as he did that he started moaning and increasing his pace. He told me he was close to cumming and I grabbed his hips and pulled him to me so that he knew I was okay with that, and then after a few more thrusts he stopped halfway in and started pulsing into my mouth. He was grunting as he came and after about a half dozen spurts he pulled out slowly. As his cock left my mouth I licked and sucked the last of his cum from his cock. AS he stepped away another guy presented his cock to me but my knees were pretty sore by then so I just turned away and stood up. He didn't seem to care though because as soon as I stood another guy knelt in front of him and he fed his cock to the new sucker.

I started walking up the aisle towards the door and as I passed the group of men still leaning against the wall playing with themselves a tall slim asian guy tucked himself back in and followed me out of the room. I went to the bathroom to take a piss and when I came out he was there and asked me to follow him. It turned out he had rented one of the private rooms in the place and invited me in. When I got there he closed the door and sat on the couch and then pulled my sweat pants all the way down around my ankles. He leaned forward and started sucking me getting me hard in an instant.

I kicked my pants off completely and was enjoying his sucking when he took hold of my hips and very obviously twisted to get me to turn around. When I did that he took both hands and spread the cheeks of my ass apart and then started licking up and down my crack till his tongue found my asshole and he pushed his tongue into me. It occurred to me he was going to want to fuck me and I wasn't too sure about that because I haven't been fucked in over 40 years. He however still had his pants on and done up so I just decided to enjoy it for a while. 

He put one hand on my hip and the other up near my neck and applied a little pressure to get me to bend over. I did that and then he put both hands on my cheeks and shoved his tongue as far into my ass as he could reach. 

He still hadn't taken out his cock out so again I just went with it enjoying it very much. My partner then turned me around again and went back to sucking me off. While I was still standing in front of him with my cock now buried in his mouth he used his hands to get me to spread my legs farther apart. I was enjoying all this and then he took a tube of lube he had and put it on his hand. He reached between my legs and smeared lube on my ass and then while he was swallowing my cock he shoved a finger in my ass. I grunted and thrust harder into his mouth. He worked his finger in and out of my ass and then as I seemed to like that he used a second finger stretching my asshole more but still feeling good. By now with his work on my cock and my ass I could feel that I was getting close to cumming. I told him that, and he reacted by shoving both fingers deep into my ass and sucking me deep into his mouth. I started to cum and he swallowed it all. 

As soon as I stopped pulsing he pulled back off my cock licking it clean as he went. He then carefully pulled his fingers out of my ass. I wasn't sure what he wanted to do next but he picked up my pants and very obviously offered them to me to put back on. When I was dressed again he opened the door and indicated I should leave. This surprised me but having eaten a load and blown a load I decided that was enough for the day and I left and drove home.