 My first attempt at gay erotica and completely fictional. Hope you enjoy.

I was only halfway through my first semester at college and already couldn't stand anymore of my obnoxious, slovenly constantly partying suitemates. Believe it or not, I came to college to actually get an education and I was tired of having to do all my studying at the library. I was bitching about it to my friend Stacy on the way to class one morning when she mentioned her friend Randy was looking for a roommate.

"He's a nice enough guy. You'd probably get along, but I don't know if you'd be comfortable sharing an apartment," she said sort of absent-mindedly, almost to herself as she wrote out his phone number.

"How come?"

She had to get to her class in the next building and all I could get out of her is that he has all the girls saying, "What a waste." Whatever it was, it couldn't be that big of a thing compared to the jerks I was stuck with at the moment so as soon as I was out of class, I took out my cell phone and called him up before the opportunity was lost. It was a brief conversation: introduction, address, directions, yadda yadda yadda. Twenty minutes later I was standing outside of a nice little house near the campus that he'd rented. Nothing fancy, but comfortable.

A quick rap on the door and there was Randy, a tall, friendly, good looking guy, blonde hair, nice smile, good build and a firm handshake. It was easy to see why the girls liked him, but "what a waste"? I still wasn't getting it. We chatted amiably as he showed me around the little house, two bedrooms, one bath, small kitchen, but a nice spacious living room. He seemed perfectly fine to me, a lot neater and quieter than my current roomies and, as we both seemed to be getting along, we agreed I could move in immediately. He even helped. What the fuck was she talking about when she said I might not want to room with Randy?

I was in my new bedroom, unpacking my meager belongings when Randy popped his head in my door, "I'm gonna make a run to the store. What kind of beer you drink?"

"I'm not picky. Whatever you usually drink is fine."

Unpacking was short work, but I had gotten kinda sweaty toting boxes so I decided on a quick shower while Randy was at the store. I finished up and was just reaching for my towel when I heard Randy return from the store, "Yo, Dude! Let's get our drink on!"

"I'm in the bathroom," I called out, "I just got outta the shower." I only just finished toweling off and was wrapping the towel around my waist when the bathroom door burst open. In strolls Randy with a beer in each hand.

"Dude, I'm naked here!"

"You're not naked. You have a towel around you. Besides, you didn't even thank me for bringing you a beer."

"Can I get dressed first?"

"Drink now. Dress later. You don't want it to get warm and anyway, it's just us guys, kinda like a locker room."

I guess he had a point. The guys in my gym classes were never very shy in the dressing room. So, I took my beer and took a long drink, so fucking good after my hot shower and we drifted out to the living room. Randy sat in the recliner at the end of the sofa. I sat near him at the end of the sofa, kind of on the edge not leaning back, thinking I'd quickly finish my beer and then get dressed before getting another. I was just finishing it off with a last long gulp when I looked up to see Randy standing there with two more beers, holding one out to me, "You ready?"

Locker room or not, I was really wanting to get dressed, but Randy just smiled at my hesitation. "Drink up buddy," he said taking my empty and replacing it with a fresh one. Oh, what the hell. I can get dressed in a minute. We chatted amiably for a bit and I became more relaxed. I'm a very cheap drunk and the second beer went even faster than the first. I guess I was already a little tipsy, because when I gulped down the last of my second beer, I thought to myself I should go get dressed now, but the first words out of my mouth were, "Can you get me another beer?"

"Am I here to serve you?" came his reply.

"Well, no, but I'm already a little tipsy and I'm just in a towel . . ." I pleaded.

"Alright, but the next round is on you."

Almost as soon as he handed it to me, my third beer was history and Randy was matching me easily. "I guess it's my turn this time" and I hopped up off the couch not really caring anymore that I was only in a towel.

"I'm gonna get comfortable," Randy said behind me. When I got back, he was in just a t-shirt & boxers, kinda short boxers too. I handed him his beer and the drinking continued. He had some good stories about Stacy and when it was time for another beer, I tried the puppy dog eyes to try to get him to go for another round, but he refused saying I still owed him one. On my way back from the fridge, I thought I could feel my towel coming loose, but I just couldn't care about it and when I plopped back down on the sofa, I didn't even notice that it came loose completely.

"You're getting the next round," I said when I handed off his beer.

"Tell you what, we'll make this one a chugging contest, loser gets to be beer bitch for the night."

It sounded like a fun idea to me and as fast as I had put away the last couple of beers, I was sure I was gonna get to take it easy for the rest of the night. I sat up on the edge of the couch, not even noticing that my towel had already fallen open, exposing the length of my thigh, "Okay, Let's go. One . . . two . . . three, GO!" I think we started out even, but my drinking skills leave a lot to be desired. About halfway through, I had to take a breath, but Randy was still going strong. I was putting the beer back to my lips, when I heard the sound of an empty beer can getting crushed.

Grinning in victory, Randy leaned back in his seat, "Get me a beer, bitch!"

"Fine, whatever," I pouted picking up his discarded beer. I hopped up off the couch and four beers hit me like a ton of bricks. I was a lot drunker than I had realized. I stood there swaying for a second before I noticed Randy snickering and staring. In my drunken haze, I hadn't noticed that my towel had stayed behind on the couch and I was standing in the middle of the room, completely naked with and empty beer can in each hand.

"Oh, fuck! Now what do I do?" I asked, joining Randy in laughing at my own embarrassment.

"You're okay. I like my bitches naked. Now, don't keep me waiting!" He slapped my bare ass hard and it stung all the way to the kitchen and back. Looking down as I handed Randy a fresh beer, I thought I could see the head of his cock peaking out the bottom of his boxers, but I didn't want to stare. I crossed over to my seat and picked up my towel, spread it out on the couch and laid down, propped up on the end of the couch. Looking back I'm still shocked that the thought of getting dressed or at least putting my towel back on never even entered my mind. I realized I was enjoying being naked in front of Randy. I was enjoying being seen naked; what was happening to me?

Stretched out on the sofa like Cleopatra on a chaise, I took a swig of my beer and from this angle I could see it. The head of Randy's cock was exposed beneath the hem of his boxers. I quickly looked back at the TV so he didn't catch me looking. I tried to focus on the movie, but I could see out of the corner of my eye that Randy kept shifting in his seat, readjusting every couple of minutes. I decided I could sneak a good long look by finishing off the last half of my fifth beer. Doing my best to hide behind my beer can, I let my gaze wander to his cock. I couldn't tell if his cock had grown longer or his boxers had ridden up, but there was now at least three inches of thick cock meat hanging out the leg of his shorts. I was completely mesmerized. My pretense of not noticing completely forgotten, I was openly staring at his cock and Randy, apparently noticing that I'd gone quiet, caught me.

"What the fuck, dude?"

I was to drunk to care about getting caught. I didn't even take my eyes off his cock. I just smiled asked if he was aware that his cock was hanging out.

"What do you care? You're completely fucking naked. Besides," he went on as he shook his empty beer can, "it's time for another beer, bitch! Don't let my can run empty again or I'm gonna hafta get rough with you." His voice was sharp. He seemed to get a little more aggressive and dominate with each beer. I was starting to wonder what I was getting myself into as we both topped off a six pack with half a case still left in the fridge. I didn't have time to think about that. Something told me I'd better not keep him waiting. I padded quickly back to the living room and instead of standing at the side of his chair to hand him his beer as I had done up to then, on impulse I walked past his chair and placed my beer on the table before turning to stand directly in front of him. I opened his beer with a loud crack and bent low at the waist to offer it to him.

"Your beer, sir. Sorry to keep you waiting," I said looking up with a smile and a wink. 

"Yeah, that's a little more like it. You're shaping up, bitch." That was when I caught sight of his cock. It was getting longer and thicker. There was about five inches out now and the outline under his boxers looked like there was a lot more underneath. I tried to hide my reaction, but I know was it written all over my face. I went quickly back to my seat and tried to watch TV again, but I could not keep my eyes off his cock. A quick glance became a good look and then a lingering stare. I had to do something to escape the tension even for a second.

"I hafta pee," I blurted out as I hopped up from the couch and was on my way to the toilet when Randy's words stopped me in my tracks.

"Me too," he said. "Go get one of those plastic cups I brought home from the beer store."

"What?" I was stunned.

"The plastic cups, beside the microwave. Go get one."

The tone in his voice said plainly 'do as you're told' and I returned quickly. 

"Get down on your knees and hold it up."

"Do what?"

"Beer bitch gets the beer coming and going; now get on your knees."

Even drunk I couldn't believe it when I meekly knelt and help up the plastic cup with both hands like a chalice. With a six pack in me and his changed tone of voice, it was like he had some power over me.

He nonchalantly stood and hooked his thumb in the waistband on his boxers and pulled them below his nuts. With his free hand he casually hefted his meat and aimed for the cup, just like he was standing at a urinal in a men's room. I stared at his cock, wide eyed and mouth agape. Still mostly flaccid, it was at least 7 inches and so thick. It had a large head and a thick shaft, even thicker toward the base. The whole thing swelled slightly when the stream of urine burst out into the cup which began filling quickly. I could feel the heat of it through the cup. His hot piss was nearing the top of the cup before he began to dry up, and was near the brim which he was finally done.

"Go dump that out, then you can take care of yourself."

I had to step carefully to the bathroom to avoid spilling, but I made it. After relieving myself I went back to the kitchen to get two more beers and followed the same show as before when I gave Randy his. I don't know what got into me, but instead of going back on the couch, I got my towel and laid it out beside Randy's chair and sat in the floor at his feet. Somehow it gave me a good feeling to be near his cock, which was still about half exposed under his boxers. Leaning on the arm of his chair, I could look down and see it just right there. I tried to ignore it, drink my beer and watch the movie, but his cock was all I could think about. I kept turning away from the movie to steal a glance at his cock; actually I was looking at his cock more than I was watching the movie. I looked up to see Randy still watching the movie so I went back to staring at his cock. It was compelling and I studied it in detail. I quickly glanced up to make sure Randy was still into the movie, still safe. Placing a hand on the arm of his chair and resting my chin on the back of my hand I gazed admiringly at his cock. He must've flexed his kegle, because I saw the head of his cock flare. I didn't even know I was biting my lip until I heard Randy's voice.

"I like how you bite your lip like that."

I was startled back to reality and looked up with a jerk of my head. Randy was staring down at me. I didn't know how long he'd been watching me stare at his cock, but his knowing grin told me I had let this go too far. 

"I . . I . . I . . ," I stammered.

" . . .want a better look?" He finished my unspoken thought.

He suddenly stood up facing me and flopped his cock out over his boxers just as before and just as before I gazed in awed silence. My hand, almost on its own, moved to cradle his cock, but I caught myself and pulled back. I hopped Randy hadn't seen, but he had.

"No, no. Go ahead and hold it in your hand," he said, again with that knowing smile. I reached up from underneath and let my fingers instinctively curl around it, give it a firm squeeze and begin gently stroking his cock which responded at once. In no time he was hard as a rock, had to be eight inches of thick cock. Dreamily smiling and giggling, I ran my fingers up and down the shaft and over the head, teasing and squeezing and stroking. When he spoke, his words hit me like a splash of ice water in my face, "Now suck it."

I was instantly brought back to reality, as though I just suddenly realized that I was naked on my knees in front of my new roommate practically giving him a hand job. I stopped stroking his cock, but for some reason did not release my grip. I just could not let go of that cock.

"Do . . . what?" I stammered.

"You heard me, suck my fuckin' cock," he said forcefully.

"Fuck off, I'm no goddamn cocksucker!" though I did still have my hand around his cock.

"Cut the crap. We both know you been dreamin' about wrappin' your lips around my cock."

"Look, I admit I was fascinated by your huge cock, but I'm not sucking it."

"You gotta do something. You done got me hard."

"You gotta put your cock away," I said nudging him to back up, but still holding firmly to his cock.

"You're not getting off the hook so easy. If you could get it hard, you can at least kiss it."

I looked into his eyes, searching for some intent, "If I kiss it, you'll put it away. Promise."

"Sure, I promise. Now let's see how you like kissing my cock."

I hesitated, delaying the inevitable, but then quickly, in the blink of an eye, I leaned in the few inches that separated his cock from my lips and planted a tight lipped peck about midway on the side of the shaft. I instantly pulled back, "Okay, I kissed it. We're done now."

"Oh, hell no! You're gonna hafta do a lot better than that after getting' my cock so fuckin' hard."

I shot him an annoyed glance, but I knew he had a point. I wasn't gonna be a cocksucker, but I was damn sure not gonna let him label me a cocktease. Still firmly grasping his cock I leaned in again and landed a firm, but closed lipped kissed in the same spot and held it for two seconds. 

"How's that?"

"You gotta be fuckin' kidding me! You can at least wet your lips a little."

Doing as instructed, I licked my lips and gave his cock a soft, wet kiss a little higher on the shaft and held it a little longer this time.

"Better?"

"Yeah," he said with disinterest. "Be more better if you part your lips."

I decided I was going to impress him this time. Shifting my grip, I gave his cock three wet lipped, open mouth kisses along the shaft. "That better?" I asked as I bent to the other side and gave him three more of the same, each kiss lasting longer than the one before.

"Yeah, that's much better and too good to stop now," he said with a smile.

"Oh no, you said you'd put it away if I gave it a kiss and I gave it like ten, so you can put it away now."

"Excuse me, I did not say you had to give it a kiss, I just said you had kiss it and you're not done kissing. You're gonna kiss every last square inch of my cock."

"And then you'll put it away? You promised."

"Fine, whatever, just get to work, bitch! And keep it wet."

Determined to end this, I licked my lips all over until they were really wet and completely started over, covering every last bit of his cock with sloppy wet, open mouth, smacking kisses. He must've been impressed with how I was attacking his cock, because I could hear him urging me on, "Oh, yeah, there you go, that's so good . . ." This went on for several minutes as I went over his cock, all over his cock, multiple times. I finally finished with a loud SMACK on the underside. My face was wet and my lips starting to swell. I was done. I even managed to force myself to release my grip around his cock.

"There! I kissed your cock," I said emphatically, like someone solving a puzzle on Wheel of Fortune. "I am done."

"You're not done."

"Don't even try getting me to do your nut sack too. You never said anything about that."

"You didn't do the head."

He was right, but after that much attention the head of his cock was dripping and smeared with precum. I had avoided it on purpose.

I looked up at his face, "But, it's covered in precum."

He looked and said, "Oh, so it is." Grasping his cock tightly around the base and sliding his hand up, he wrung out a large vicious bead of precum. I watched intently as it spread out over the tip of his cock. In one quick motion he pressed the tip of his cock firmly against the corner of my mouth and swiped it across my lips. "There, now it's gone," he laughed. I gasped and instinctively, purely as a reflex, I licked my parted lips. In that moment I was changed, all resistance gone.

I leaned forward and placed my lips on the tip of his cock, kissing it amorously over and over, tasting more of his ambrosia. As I was kissing the swollen head of his cock, I parted my lips farther and farther, encircling more and more of his cock head each time and sliding back to the tip. I was already sucking his cock, but still not prepared to admit it, not ready to go all the way with it. I held my lips to the head of his cock and slid them in circles all around it, then began sliding the head between my lips, back and forth, sort of a mini-blowjob on the tip of his cock. I kept this up, sliding more of the head between my lips and into my mouth, licking at the tip. It was only the head of his cock, but still a lot to work with and I became lost in this repetitive, almost hypnotic motion, truly savoring the taste of his precum and his velvety cock head gliding over my lips. The gravity of what I was doing suddenly hit me when I felt the ridge of his cock head finally reach my lips. I hesitated. The ridge to me represented some line of demarcation between fun curiosity and serious cocksucking. Like his cock wasn't really in my mouth until the head passed my lips. I had to this point been able to cling to that vestige of deniability, telling myself, however in vain that I still had not actually sucked his cock.

I held the ridge of his cock head pinched against my upper lip, then slowly, almost imperceptivity slowly, let it slip past. I closed my lips around the shaft and sucked. No more denying it. I was sucking his cock. I sighed deeply and bathed the head of his cock with my tongue. Randy moaned his approval. Dragging my teeth over the head, I pulled his cock from my mouth just long enough to lick around the shaft just behind the head and went immediately back to sucking. It felt so good taking more of his cock in my mouth and I began slightly bobbing my head. I was slowly working more of his length into my mouth, but he was a lot to accommodate, such a wonderful mouthful. 

