 Jeremy sat on the couch thinking of his best friend Tad and knowing he was going to miss him. They grew up next door to each other and had gone through everything together all their lives up until high school. It was then that Jeremy knew he was gay, but Tad wasn't. He went through his frustrations alone and was saddened each time Tad brought a new girlfriend home. 

Always on the edge of things, Jeremy had become the loner; never participating in anything for fear that the other boys would beat him to death for his preference. Mostly, he knew himself, it was because he wouldn't be able to stand the hate and rejection that Tad would give him; he loved Tad in more than just a friendly way.

He was happy when his first college choice had sent him his acceptance packet; going away was going to be hard, but staying here would be worse. He knew that this college was more open minded regarding sexual preference and he was looking forward to finally be free from this small town with small minds. 

Jeremy closed his eyes and drew upon his daydream on lying in bed with Tad and exploring his body. Suddenly he was drawn back out of his reverie by a knock on the front door.

Sighing as he got off the couch, he opened the door and Tad stomped into the living room. 

"Where's your folks?" he asked apparently angry about something.

"They left for the weekend to visit my Aunt Madge and her brood," Jeremy replied.

"That bitch!" Tad exploded. "Do you know what she did?" 

"Dump you for the captain of the football team because he's going to the same college she is," stated Jeremy matter-of-factly as he sat back down on the couch.

Tad stood still as a statue, his mouth dropped open and stared at Jeremy. "How did you know?" 

Jeremy was silent a moment then he went on, "She's a cunt. Nothing in her head but fluff, she barely has passing grades, on the cheerleader squad and looking for something that's marriageable; figures she can get it with her cunt. I'm surprised she waited this long to finally dump you."

Tad stood speechless for a minute, "She not a cunt!" he flung back the word at his friend. "If you weren't my friend, I'd punch you in the mouth for that!"

"Oh come on Tad. She's fucked every guy on the football team and some on the basketball team as well; not sure about the baseball guys, but can't tell. Hell, she's probably fucked anything with a cock including her old man. You're telling me that you are the only one who didn't know. Fuck; thought you were fucking her to satisfy an itch," Jeremy stated. He knew he was hurting Tad, but he was so tired of hearing him complain about this girl or that girl. Frankly, he had finally had enough.

Tad threw himself into the chair adjacent the couch and stared at his friend. "What makes you so sure she's fucked around like that?"

"I hear things; keep my ears and eyes open. I happen to know that she's even fucked Coach Daniels and has had sex with Mrs. Nelson," Jeremy continued.

"Mrs. Nelson? The cheerleader coordinator; are you sure?" Tad sat dazed.

"How do you think she got on the squad? You've seen her cheers; pathetic man," said Jeremy.

Tad seemed to be a bit amused now, "What else do you know?"

"Quite a bit in this small town; no one notices me and even if they do, they don't think twice about talking to others when I'm within earshot," Jeremy laughed. "They're all stupid assholes including, I point out, my best friend."

Tad laughed and then came over to sit next to Jeremy. Jeremy felt his heart beat increase having Tad so near to him. He wanted so desperately to put his arms around him and to give him a kiss; felt the tightening in his jeans. He looked into his friend's eyes and rose to sit in the chair Tad had vacated. 

Tad was surprised by his actions, "Why did you do that? Hey man, been years since I had cuddies," he laughed.

Jeremy looked once again at his friend 'well it's now or never', he thought. "Tad; did you ever wonder why I choose the college on the West coast?"

"Because they had what you wanted to major in." Tad replied.

Jeremy drew a deep breath knowing this was going to sever their long friendship, "No. It's because I'm gay."

Tad looked like one of those pictures you see of a deer in head lights. He just stared at me and then finally asked, "How long?"

"I've known since my sophomore year. That's why I'm leaving this stinking small town and never looking back," replied Jeremy. "We both know that my life expectancy would be close to zero if anyone finds out. I'd just become another statistic on a police report."

Tad got the hint, "I won't tell Jeremy if that's what you're worried about. We've been best friends for too long."

Jeremy willed himself not to cry, but soon the tears were wetting his cheeks. His best friend didn't hate him for being gay, but his heart was still hurting.

Tad was at a loss by Jeremy's reaction; he'd seen him cry before, but not like this. Then it struck him as he looked into Jeremy's eyes. He had seen that same look from some of the girls he had dated. He knew that Jeremy loved him, but, somehow he was happy and also scared.

"Jeremy," started Tad, "Have you ever, you know, had sex with a guy?"

Jeremy shook his head 'no'. "I've been waiting; I wanted it to be special," he spoke softly.

Tad smiled. "I've often wondered what it would be like too," he confessed. "I guess we all go through this stage or so say all those psychiatrists. With my dad, he would have killed me though."

Jeremy started smiling through his tears, got up and moved back to the couch next to Tad. "I'm glad you don't hate me. I was afraid you'd be repulsed."

Tad had seen that look from girls too; knew that Jeremy wasn't going to make the first move. He leaned in and kissed his friend lightly on the lips. He smiled and then kissed him again; inserting his tongue into Jeremy's mouth. 

Jeremy moaned and wrapped his arms around Tad's neck and kissed him back passionately sucking on his tongue and feeling his cock getting harder. They were both breathing harder when Tad broke off the kiss.

He smiled at Jeremy, "Hold that thought, be right back." 

Tad crossed over to the kitchen and grabbed the phone, punched in the numbers and waited. "Hey Mom, listen, Jeremy's here alone this weekend. Would you mind if I spend the weekend with him since he's going to be moving away for college and all? Thanks Mom. You're the greatest."

Tad hung the phone back up, came back to the couch and sat next to Jeremy. "Now, where were we? Oh yeah," and he leaned in and started kissing him again. When Tad started to kiss and bite his neck, Jeremy suggested that they lock up the house and go upstairs for more privacy.

Jeremy was excited beyond belief that Tad was actually doing this. When they got to his room, he pulled the curtains shut. "Would you like to see some of my magazines?" he asked.

"Yeah!" exclaimed Tad. He'd never seen gay porn before and started flipping through the pages. "Damn; this is hot! Look how they're all shaved." He looked at his friend, "Are you?"

Jeremy laughed and undid his jeans and pulled them down with his underwear. His hard cock bounced free to reveal his lack of hair. He stroked his cock and pulled on his scrotum. "It makes it more sensitive I think. I've got an electric if you'd like to try it."

"Better not. Coach would tell my Dad and all and then I'd have to explain why I'd shaven the hair off," said Tad. He came over and ran his fingertips over Jeremy's shaved area above his cock.

Jeremy moaned and thrust forward against Tad's touch and a bit of pre-cum formed at the tip on his gland. Tad had tasted his own pre-cum and cum before, but was now fascinated to watch his friend's cock react to him. He knelt down and placed his mouth over the head and let his tongue taste; Jeremy moaned again and thrust forward with more pre-cum seeping out.

Tad slowly sucked Jeremy's cock into his mouth and watched as his friend started to breathe faster. Jeremy bent over a bit placing his hands on Tad's shoulders. Tad cupped his balls and started to massage them in his hand. 

"Oh Fuck!" shouted Jeremy. "Oh God; I'm getting ready to cum!"

Tad increased his suction and speed on Jeremy's cock. Jeremy screamed as he shot his load into Tad's mouth. 

To Jeremy; it was a fantasy come true. He looked down at his friend and saw that Tad had swallowed his cum. He was beside himself with joy.

Tad finished and stood up, smiling at Jeremy, "Tastes just like mine." He undid his jeans and pulled them down with his underwear too. His hard cock was already dripping pre-cum.

Jeremy immediately removed the rest of his clothes; Tad followed suit. Jeremy got onto the bed and Tad followed. "Let me get between your legs."

Tad lay in the center and spread his legs open. "I'm close man. Get me off and then we can experiment later."

Jeremy smiled and placed the head of Tad cock in his mouth. He used his tongue to swirl and tease as Tad moaned and thrust his hips. Jeremy sucked him all the way down and started to bob up and down on his cock.

"Geezz!!!!" yelled Tad and he started cumming. 

Jeremy swallowed Tad's cum and agreed that it tasted just like his. When he finished, Tad was lying there panting. He lay next to him and cuddled with a smile. He was so happy at the turn of events today. First daydreaming about Tad and then being here with him.

Jeremy started to run his fingers through Tad's thick bush; Tad moaned softly. Then he rose up and straddled Tad's muscular body and bent down to kiss him again. Tad wrapped his arms around him and pressed him against firmly to his chest. They both could feel their cocks starting to respond again.

He kissed around his neck and down his chest; slowly scooting down Tad's body. He flicked his tongue over his nipples and sucked on them gently.

"Wow!" said Tad. "Do that some more; that's great!"

Jeremy smiled and worked his nipples. He could feel Tad's cock getting hard again and pressing against his own.

Tad just smiled; he hadn't realized just how sensitive his nipples were to stimulation.

"Hey," he said and Jeremy stopped and looked up at him, "I want you to fuck my ass so I know what it feels like."

Jeremy was floored. He never expected any of this; let alone that Tad would want to be fucked. "Okay. I know where my Dad keeps his lube at when he fucks my Mom's ass."

"Wow! They do that?" said Tad amazed.

"Yeah; come on," and Jeremy got up and Tad followed. They went into his parent's bedroom and he got the tube out of his Dad's nightstand. "Let's use the bathroom; you can brace against the sink."

Tad braced up against the sink counter bending his ass out to Jeremy. Jeremy first smeared the lube over his cock and then put some on his index finger. He slowly rubbed Tad's anus and then slipped a bit of his finger inside.

"Oh man that feels wicked good!" Tad said.

Jeremy withdrew his finger and put lube on two this time and twisted them around inside Tad's asshole trying to make sure it was well lubricated.

"Oh God!" yelled Tad and he started to hump back on Jeremy's fingers.

"Damn; give me your cock," he demanded.

Jeremy guided his gland up to Tad's puckered opening and slowly pushed in. Tad gasped.

"Everything I read says that its better if you push like you're moving your bowels; makes it less painful the first time," said Jeremy.

"Ok," grunted Tad.

Jeremy saw Tad bear down and he slowly pushed forward. He felt his cock bunt into his ring and then slide through. He sank it in until his balls were up against Tad's ass. He started to slowly fuck in and out of him; relishing the feeling of Tad's muscles gripping his cock. This was so much better than jacking off or even the blowjob that he had gotten earlier.

"Oh fuck!" exclaimed Tad as he started to hump back into each thrust. "This is so fucking good."

Jeremy couldn't agree more. He was getting close to cumming and told Tad so. 

"Oh man; cum in my ass. Give it to me!" he yelled.

Jeremy couldn't hold back after that and started to pound harder and faster; finally thrusting one final time shooting his load into Tad's ass. He grabbed Tad around the waist making him stand with his cock still inside, but deflating. He laid his head between Tad's shoulder blades panting and holding on for dear life. 'Nothing could be better than this' he thought. His cock finally softened and slipped out of Tad's ass.

Tad turned around and smiled; he gave Jeremy a long deep and passionate kiss. "My turn," and he grabbed the lube. Jeremy traded places and braced. He felt Tad's fingers rubbing against his puckered hole and let out a soft moan. His finger penetrated and he automatically humped back against it. It finally felt so good to have someone finger up his ass beside his own. The finger left to be returned by two going in further and lubricating him as he had done Tad's. 

"Ready?" asked Tad.

Jeremy started to bear down and he felt Tad enter him and push on through. He moaned loudly and humped back full force onto Tad's hard cock. He was beside himself with the pleasurable sensations caused by the hard cock in his ass.

"Oh yeah baby, take my cock," cried Tad and he started to plunge into him harder and faster. Tad was so close from the pleasure he had received with Jeremy's cock.

Tad started to jackhammer into Jeremy, "Oh yeah! Oh yeah! Take it baby ... Take it all!!!" he screamed and then thrust one final time hard and started shooting his cum.

Jeremy felt Tad's hot cum wash into him and shuddered in pleasure. Tad fell against his back breathing hard and hugging him tightly. He eased his cock out and spun Jeremy around into his embrace, kissed him and then laughed.

"Let's take a shower and go back to your room," said Tad. "Boy; is my Dad going to be disappointed."

"What do you mean?" asked Jeremy.

Tad started laughing. "I'm switching colleges; need a roommate?"

Jeremy smiled; the happiest he'd been in years. "I love you man," and he reached out to once again embrace and kiss Tad; his best friend and lover.