 Daniels address was easy to find but the gates that guarded the drive were shut, I parked right in front of them and was just wondering if I should text Daniel to let him know I was there when they began to open. I made my way along the drive which meandered through a small, winding avenue of trees before opening out into a larger clear area. There was a pick-up truck parked in front of the house and I slid my car alongside it, I didn't know where else to park. 

I exited my car and looked up at the house. I whistled between my teeth, the place looked huge, IT work must pay well I thought to myself. The first thing that struck me was how quiet it was, I knew I was only about a hundred yards from the road but I couldn't hear anything apart from some birdsong and the buzzing of bees. I walked to the large front door, quickly found a bell push on the frame and pushed it, I could hear the sound of bells and I remember thinking how grand this all was.

It was only a matter of seconds before I could hear some muffled shouting and then the door sprang open, Daniel stood there with a huge smile on his face. He opened the door wide, extending his arm, inviting me into his house, as I passed him he leaned towards me and groped my arse.

"Welcome to my home." he said.

I was a little bit surprised, I've never had a man grope me so openly before, but then again I've never been to a man's house that I've been intimate with before. I decided not to worry about it.

"Thank you." I replied.

As we walked through the large house Daniel explained that the pick-up belonged to one of his friends who was a builder. He was also there to quote for some building work that Daniel wanted, he was supposed to be there for ten am but had been delayed which was why he was still there when I arrived. Daniel looked apologetic, I told him it was fine and that these things happened with builders. We both laughed. We made our way through the kitchen and out through the rear door into an incredibly large garden. Daniel introduced me as the gardener to his friend James, the builder, James in turn introduced me to his assistant Martin.

I let them plan while I looked around the garden, I'd never seen a garden as big as this. A large fence ran around the entire perimeter, enclosing the garden and encapsulating it into its own private area, as I faced the rear of Daniels house, on my left grew some large, beautiful, rich green coloured Leylandii conifer trees, they had been densely planted, standing around twenty feet high which completely shielded the garden where I stood from the only neighbor that I'd noticed when I drove through the village, they ran the length of the fence which I estimated to be around one hundred and fifty feet, the fence ran along the rear of the garden and then turned back towards the right side of the house, I didn't completely have my bearings but I guessed that where the fence disappeared from my view it would finish somewhere close to where my car was parked. 

As I looked about I suddenly realised that Daniel was saying my name.

"I'm sorry, I was just admiring your garden, What did you say?"

Daniel smiled and said that they were talking about the conservatory that James's company would be building, his design spanned the entire rear of the house and would have doors leading from the kitchen and the living room into the conservatory but it would also have doors that led into the garden. Daniel was asking my opinion on a path.

We discussed different materials that could be used, the pros and cons of one type over another, as we talked I realised that Martin wasn't contributing much to the conversation, he was just staring at me as we spoke. I'd seen that look before, it was the same sort of lustful look that men gave me right before I knelt down and took their cocks in my mouth. If circumstances had been different I probably would have knelt down and sucked his cock, he was good looking, but I wasn't sure that would go down well with Daniel and even less so with Martins boss James. I was getting hard thinking about just kneeling down and sucking the three of them. Fuck, what was wrong with me? 

I was beginning to daydream about the scenario. Daniel, well, I already knew some things that he liked, I imagined James was similar to Daniel, he seemed the take charge sort and he had his own business. 

I imagined Martin would be on his knees next to me. I needed to focus on the conversation and leave thoughts like that for another time, Jesus, James might be straight for all I know, so could Martin for that matter, although the way he looked at me, gave me the impression he wasn't. 

I'd been wrong before though, losing a good friend because I interpreted the signals wrong one drunken night. This was why I was so careful to ensure no one knew of my sexual preferences and another reason why I chose men only saunas. At least there you know why men are there. 

I'd been half listening to the conversation, I must have been nodding and making sounds of agreement at the right places, I zoned right back in just as they decided on a graveled area surrounding the conservatory. 

Daniel and James shook hands, Daniel said he was happy with everything that had been discussed, thanked James and Martin for coming, they walked side by side towards the kitchen door. Martin and I were a few paces behind, he leaned towards me and whispered,

"Be good working with you when we're here."

"I'm not even sure I'm going to be working here yet," I replied "I don't know what work Daniel has for me."

"Judging by the look on his face when we were talking, I would imagine he has a few, shall we say, 'jobs' that he would like you to do."

It didn't take a rocket scientist to work out what Martin was implying; he knew as well as I did that I wasn't just there to talk about gardening but I wasn't sure why he felt the need to say what he had. I resolved to ask Daniel about it once they'd gone. As they got to the door James turned and said goodbye to me, Martin smiled and said the same but he winked at me at the same time. Daniel just said for me to explore the garden and he'd be back in a minute.

I stood just looking around, enjoying the heat of the sunshine on my body. It was a beautiful day, just the odd cloud here and there in an otherwise un-spoilt blue sky. 

Beyond the fence at the rear of the garden was a large field, I looked left and right but from where I stood, I couldn't see the edges as they curled away into the distance, directly ahead, approximately a mile from where I stood lay a large expanse of trees.

I was lost admiring the impressive landscape, I didn't realise Daniel was behind me till his arms went around my shoulders and he pulled me back into his strong chest, he kissed the side of my cheek and said.

"Thank fuck they've gone." 

I laughed in agreement then turned my head slightly returning the kiss.

"Martin is a bit of a strange one," I said "He said that you would have some 'jobs' for me."

"I have got jobs for you." Daniel replied.

"I know that, it was the way he said it, it was more along the lines of 'jobs' as in blowjobs." 

"Well yes," Daniel said "I'd imagined lots of blowjobs as well as some real jobs while you're here."

"That's not what I meant," I countered "He's just assuming that you want me to give you a blowjob and he's assuming that I'll just give you a blowjob. He doesn't even know me."

"Oh I see, now I understand, it's a problem for you that he's figured you out after a ten-minute conversation and he's worked out that you're a slut." laughed Daniel.

"No, that's not it at all." I snapped.

I broke free from Daniels grip and turned quickly intent on telling him exactly what my problem was, as I turned I realised that Daniel was completely devoid of any clothes. He stood there as naked as he had been in the sauna the day previously. I looked him up and down.

"What the fuck?" I exclaimed.

"I love to be naked when I'm home and naked outside when the weather is warm enough to permit that. I thought you might prefer to be naked with me rather than clothed. You did yesterday."

I looked into Daniels eyes then looked around to see who was watching or could be watching.

"Don't worry, my garden is completely private, I only have one neighbor who can't see in because of the hedge, there is no one on the other side and behind you are just fields and a wood behind that. The only other person that's here is Rachel who looks after my house while I'm away but cleans, shops and makes incredible lunches while I'm home and isn't in the slightest bit bothered about us being naked."

I couldn't say anything, I just stood there, I opened my mouth to say something but I didn't know what to say, I closed my mouth again and Daniel laughed. He reached forward, gripped the bottom of my t-shirt and swiftly lifted it over my head, he undid the button on my jeans then knelt down, slipped my trainers off my feet along with my socks before tugging my jeans down my legs and off until I stood as naked as he did. 

"There," he said with a smile "Much better, now, Rachel said lunch will be approximately thirty minutes which gives me just enough time to explain what jobs I want you to do for me, then fuck you on your hands and knees on the grass before lunch." he paused for a few seconds, looked me up and down, taking notice of the fact that I stood there motionless with my mouth opening and shutting then burst out laughing.

"Okay, I was kidding about fucking you on the grass before lunch but I wasn't kidding about the thirty minutes, come on."

Daniel grabbed my hand as we walked around the garden, pointing things out that he would like to change, new things that he wanted building, raised flowerbeds, ponds with water features, screens to separate one part of the garden from another to allow for a hidden area which would incorporate a summer house, he was very animated as he talked, waving his arms around to show where things needed to be and he was very specific with an eye for detail. 

When he wasn't waving his arms about he held my hand. 

It was really surreal to be walking naked around a garden in broad daylight with not a care in the world but I remember thinking that I could get used to all this. We stopped at the fence which divided his garden from the field behind and he asked me what I thought. I had to be honest, I told him that there were a few things that I would need help with but most of what he wanted I'd be able to do on my own. We discussed help and he asked if I would prefer to find someone myself or would I be prepared to let him find someone. I thought this would be a good time to talk about Martin so I said,

"I'd quite like it if you would organize me some help, I don't think I'd want my friends to know about us just yet, but please, not Martin."

"What's wrong with Martin?" Daniel said.

"Well, nothing really I guess, but..."

"But?" Daniel countered.

"I didn't like the way that he implied that I'd be working here because you have 'jobs' for me. Like I'm not getting the job on merit, more because you have an ulterior motive."

"Forget about Martin," Daniel said "He's just jealous I think."

"Jealous?" I asked incredulously "Of what?"

Daniel paused and gave me quite an intense look before he spoke quietly "Jealous of you." he said eventually.

"I don't get it, why would he be jealous of me, he doesn't even know me." I replied.

Daniel breathed in slowly, as if he was composing himself and trying to formulate some words, then he started to talk.

"James and Martin are a couple, they got together about three years ago but James can be a bit of a bastard sometimes. He is a serious workaholic and while Martin enjoys the work, he also enjoys his relaxing time when he's not working, the problem is he doesn't get enough relaxing time. Anyway, they came here one night for a party I was having, James and I ended up fucking Martin together, the next morning around six am James is taking phone calls and by six thirty is screaming at Martin to get out of bed and help him. He was having some problem or other at a site they were working on. They had a massive row, I tried to calm things down, ended up making things worse. They started fighting and I threw James out. Martin wanted to leave James and stay with me but that was never going to happen, he's with James. James, to his credit, left Martin alone until about lunchtime then came back, apologised profusely to Martin, apologised profusely to me and then shortly after, they left together. They patched things up and they've been great ever since. I just think that Martin got the impression that the grass would be greener over here with me but I don't want that."

That was a lot of information to take in in one go and I really didn't know what to say. I had a few questions to ask but I had no idea where to start. Thankfully a female voice shouted from the kitchen that lunch would be five minutes.

Daniel looked deep into my eyes.

"I can see you have questions, let's have lunch and you can ask me anything you want to and I'll answer as honestly as I possibly can, okay?"

"Okay, let's do that." I said. 

Just before we turned towards the house Daniel stopped me by leaning towards me and kissing me full on the mouth, his tongue slipping between my lips easily before pulling away gently, as he did so he gripped my pubic hair between his fingers and tugged.

"By the way," he said "This lot has to go. I prefer my cock clean shaven."

For the second time in minutes I was again dumbfounded, Daniel didn't give me chance to protest or even reply, he just grasped my hand and we walked back towards the house.

As we got closer to the house I noticed a table just outside the kitchen door, it was just a white plastic table with a pair of matching chairs set one on either side. Daniel explained that the table was a short term measure until the conservatory was built. Once all the work was completed he would select a more appropriate table. Each chair had a small thin cushion placed on the seat and Daniel motioned to me to sit. The table had been set for two, silver cutlery shone in the sunshine alongside sparkling clear glasses and brilliant white plates and side plates, in the centre of the table was a vase filled with tulips, daffodils, irises and lilies and right next to it a pitcher filled with water, small bowls filled with fruit and nuts surrounded the vase.

I sat down, Daniel poured me a glass of water, as I raised the glass to my lips movement in the kitchen doorway caught my eye, I turned slightly as a woman that I guessed was Rachel made her way outside carrying two plates. 

To say I was surprised would be an understatement, although Daniel had only mentioned that Rachel looked after his house and cleaned for him, I had assumed, wrongly I might add, that she would be like a housekeeper that you'd see on the television, you know, late fifties or early sixties, quite dowdy or plain, more mumsy sort of person.

Rachel was quite the opposite. She was about five foot eight tall, slim with long, dark brown hair which trailed down her back almost to the waistband of the tight fitting jeans that she was wearing, I took a guess that she was in her early thirties, her eyes were a hazel brown colour with only a slight crinkling around them, the only thing plain about her was the white shirt that she wore, the top few buttons undone which gave the merest glimpse of her breasts as she bent to put the plates on the table. She smiled at Daniel and then looking at me, extended her hand.

"Hello," she smiled showing dazzlingly white teeth "I'm Rachel." her hand felt quite small and delicate inside mine as we shook hands but her grip was firm and I had a fleeting image of her on her knees with her hand wrapped around my cock as she lowered her mouth onto my erection.

"Hi," I mumbled in reply, I could feel myself blushing as I cleared the image from my mind "I'm Tad."

"Pretty name," she said "It suits you."

I felt my cock twitch under the table as she held my eyes for just a moment longer than I was comfortable with before she turned and made her way back into the kitchen, I couldn't help but stare at her denim clad behind as she disappeared from view. I turned towards Daniel only to find him with a beaming smile across his face.

"I see you like my housekeeper!" he said.

"She's not what I was expecting," I stammered "When you said housekeeper, I didn't think she would look like that."

"Don't worry," Daniel said "You're not the first person to notice how attractive she is. I've known Rachel for quite a number of years, we've been friends for a very long time, in fact I knew her before she met and married her husband Graham. He works away a lot and to stop her from being bored she does some work for me. She doesn't need to work, so this suits us both. Graham is away at the moment, when I told her that I had a guest coming over she offered to cook lunch to ensure I could give you my, erm, undivided attention."

"That's good of her," I said "She must be a really good friend to give up her Sunday for you."

Daniel said nothing in reply to my slightly veiled question, I had an inkling that he wasn't being completely honest with me, I made a mental note to ask him if there was anything going on with him and Rachel during lunch. I may as well find out everything about him if I was contemplating seeing him again. 

He offered me a plate with some pate spread on thin slivers of toasted brown bread, I adore pate, I took a piece and nibbled on it, it was delicious, I quickly ate it and reached for another. It felt like the most comfortable thing in the world being naked in the open air eating lunch with a man I'd only met and fucked for the first time the day before, a thought crossed my mind when I realised that this probably wasn't the first time he'd done this. I added that thought to the others that I intended to bring up during lunch.

As soon as the pate had been consumed, as if by magic, Rachel appeared and removed the plates from the table, I got another tantalizing glimpse of her breasts as she passed me before she went back into the kitchen, only to appear again moments later with two large plates, she placed mine first moving deftly around the table before placing Daniels in front of him. 

"Enjoy." she said before once again heading back to the kitchen.

Lunch was a simple yet elegant chicken salad, the plate packed with fabulous looking vegetables, it looked incredible, picking up my fork I looked at Daniel, he was smiling.

"I hope you enjoy your lunch." he said.

"I'm sure I will." I replied before spearing one of the salad tomatoes.

It tasted even better than it looked, I've heard people say that food they'd eaten was so good that it melted in the mouth but until this moment I'd never experienced that feeling, Rachel was indeed talented. We ate in silence which allowed my mind to wander, imagining what other things that Rachel would be good at. I had an image of Rachel on her back atop a large bed with Daniel lying between her widespread legs, his cock buried deep inside her and her ankles locked around his back holding him inside her, if Daniel hadn't been gay I'd have guessed he'd fucked Rachel in the past, she appeared to be that comfortable around him. I wanted to ask about Rachel but I was more intrigued about Martin and James.

"So, tell me more about Martin and James." I said.

"Sure," Daniel replied putting another forkful of food into his mouth "What do you want to know?"

"Well, you said they're a couple, but you also said you and James had fucked Martin one night together. What's that all about?"

"I had a party here one night, lots of people were invited, truth be told it ended up as a huge orgy. People fucking all over the house that sort of thing. Earlier on I'd been talking to James about building work here, he'd been with Martin only a few months then. Martin ended up sitting on the floor between James's legs. He was leaning back against James's cock and James made a joke about face fucking him right then and there if he turned around. Martin knelt between James's legs and told him to go right ahead. That was probably the starting point of the orgy if I remember correctly. People were watching James getting his cock sucked by Martin. It wasn't long before other people were having their respective cocks and pussies played with."
