 My first submission to this site- please, by all means, I encourage you to comment on this. Good, bad, any input is much appreciated and lets me develop into a better writer –The Author

It was morning. The sheets, once smelling of whatever detergent, was neutral- in fact, it smelled a bit...masculine.

As well it should, considering that there was a naked man sleeping peacefully, a slight smile playing on his lips. He looked no older than thirty or so. His body was curled around a stocky sleeping figure.

That would be me.

I was awakened by a rather full bladder and a hard, wet, and stiff tool jabbing between my thighs. I smiled with my eyes still closed, and his arm over me, grasping my chest in his grip.

"After all that happened last night, you're still hard as a rock?" I thought to myself.

I slowly opened my bleary eyes. Even without my glasses on, I could make out the clock radio; 1:43 pm.

"Well, that makes sense; he didn't finish with me until around 4 or so in the morning..."

I looked around the bed, and could see bits and pieces of the night before. A half-used bottle of lubricant- the good stuff, I could tell. My jock strap that I had worn, my silk boxer shorts, my regular boxer briefs, my belt, a digital camera- of which I'm sure the memory card was full of pictures- each more explicit than the last.

"I'll have to put those pictures on my laptop sometime today, if he'll give me a break to do it", I thought to myself. We had the room till Sunday at noon, which meant another whole day of doing nothing.

I shifted slightly and my skin crackled. It was then I realized how much cum was really on me. My stomach was scaled in it, and it was covering my ass all over, matting the mild hair on me. He shifted slightly, and I felt the wetness between my legs. Still very warm and very hard. God, there must have been more than I thought. I tasted it still on my tongue- slightly salty with a tang to it, not all together unpleasant, but I'm sure if I had talked to someone they would have picked up on it right away.

I was awake by now and very hard myself. It had been an exhausting night, one in which I had many barriers broken- both physically and mentally. The taste on my breath and the slickness inside of me, where his cock had ravaged and owned me for the first time ever, testified to those shattered barriers.

I was shocked I could still be hard. After all he had drawn out of me; I was amazed my body could still find a desire for more. Perhaps I was more insatiable than I gave myself credit for.

What was even more astounding was how he could still be hard. He must have fed me so much cum that a DNA test may very well have shown I was a relative! But there he was, a hard maroon head poking between my thighs- it looked like I had two cocks!

I knew that more was to ensue tonight, but as it was now 2:04 in the afternoon, I wanted to get started on cleaning myself up. A dirty slut was fine, but a dirty, unclean and smelly slut- well, it was only a certain type of guy who was into that. I didn't take him for one, but the night was full of surprises- who knew?

I eased myself from his embrace- he had fallen asleep with one hand cupping my breast and nipple- I'm a bigger guy, it only follows that I be endowed. I didn't mind- my nipples were sensitive and I've always loved watching a woman titty-fuck a guy. I moved his hand and threw the sheet over him to replace my warmth. It wasn't much, and the sheet was sticky in places.

I padded buck naked, with a hard-on bouncing around, to the bathroom. I relieved myself of my bladder and shook the last couple drops out- keep the pipes clean. I admired my body in the mirror. I wasn't much to look at. I was a chubby guy, had a stomach and what amounted to titties on a guy- each ending in a pretty sensitive nipple. But I did think I had a cute face and my lips were my favorite feature- I had to admit, they were pretty nice. I wasn't excessively hairy- just as much as a regular guy would expect. I tried to keep myself trimmed and I think my hair added definition to myself. I noticed cum trails from my mouth, from where his prodigious loads had leaked out, as well as cum streaks on my stomach, most likely from me.

The memory of the taste made me hard again and I turned to my shower. I cranked the dial to hot- I'm not a fan of scalding, just enough to fog up the bathroom. I stepped in the bathtub and let the water hit me. It liquefied the dry, scaled on cum and washed it away. The water was extremely warm and I rubbed my hands all over me. I turned around and started to soap myself, being sure to hit my cock, my balls, and my freshly fucked asshole, along with all the other parts of me. I even got out my special body wash and applied it very liberally- I mean, this is the reason why they had it! I let it wash off of me and did my hair. The water felt good against my head, and it was very conducive to thinking. I leaned my head against the wall and started to drift out of consciousness- not to sleep, but that halfway mark where everything feels sort of like a dream.

I awoke to a rush of cold air as the shower curtain was ripped open. My back was turned to it, my head against the opposite wall, so the rush of air hit my bare, wet ass first. I felt a strong hand reach out and grab my head, covering my mouth and another one reach across my stomach and pull me- my feet sliding in the tub- toward the edge.

I panicked- what the fuck was this? I thought surely this was a dream- a day dream gone a bit awry and my subconscious playing tricks with my head. It was made all too real when I felt a strong powerful rod start prodding and jabbing my ass. I heard an unfamiliar voice, a deep and very manly voice whisper;

"You fucking slut, you're mine now. Lean forward and do as you're told, or I swear to God, this will hurt you more than it will hurt me".

I did as I was told, leaning forward as I felt a hand constrict around the back of my neck- hard and firm, enough to tell me I wasn't going anywhere.

It happened suddenly, and obviously he was well prepared. He shoved two fingers deep into my ass and started to twist them around, his fingers thick and cold with what felt like lubricant. He withdrew them and replaced it with something much bigger, harder, and slicker.

It hurt sliding in- I was still a relative virgin, even though I had my ass devoured last night by a very manly tool. I felt a soft cushion as his balls and slight patch of hair bumped my ass at last. I moaned and groaned, but that hand held me tight, and every time my voice rose in complaint, it slapped my cheek.

He withdrew and slammed back into me. I lurched forward, pushed by a force taking me from the inside. I heard heavy, labored breathing as it withdrew and slammed me again. This wasn't normal- who was he? Had he overpowered my lover and came in here to claim whatever prize was in the shower?

I moaned again and turned into the slap to take the sting out. It obviously shocked him, as he clocked the back of my head and told me to shut the fuck up.

"Fuck you"

"No, I'm the one fucking you, and as long as my cock is in that sweet tight ass of yours, you will do as I say, do you understand me, you fucking little cunt?"

He slammed his cock into me for emphasis and I nodded meekly. I'm a big guy, but he easily overpowered me.

He kept on going, servicing himself using my tight little love canal as his personal fucktoy. In between my moans and groans- and subsequent threats and strikes- he started to paddle my ass until it was raw and red, the slap echoing in the confined tile bathroom.

"Fuuuuuck, this isn't supposed to feel good- what the fuck is wrong with me?" one part of me asked. But a voice spoke in my head "Because you're a little gay faggot who loves a big shaft in his ass now, taking what belongs to another man. Admit you little slut, you fucking love it".

The voice started to rise, as each of his strokes got faster and faster. "You love it. You love it. Say 'you love it'. You love it, you little cunt, admit it". I started arguing "I'm being fucked by a strange cock, I don't love it- this is rape." It simply retorted "Its sex. It's hard, rough, slick and forceful. This is what you love; now take it like a little slut"

I gave in.

"Fuck me, c'mon, give me what you got. You call that a stroke- c'mon, fuck me. Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me. That's it, really punish me. Grab my hair and pull my head back, show me who's boss, you fucking pussy. Do you take that sort of talk from your fucking cunts? I didn't think so!"

That must have been his breaking point- he slapped my face so hard that my ears rang and then proceeded to do the same on my ass. This wasn't playful, this was meant to punish. My ass stung on each strike, and I can tell from his grunts that he was close. He was going to breed and seed my slut ass- there would be no pulling out, no loving blowjob with me slurping up his seed. No, he was going to do me like a real whore- with no concern where he put his seed.

He slapped me one last time, and my ass burned. He pulled my hips close to him and bucked and moaned. I could feel bolt after bolt of hot cum deposit itself deep in my bowls. I would guess that he was eight or so inches, but I could be wrong. After a while, you can't really tell. God, he came like a cannon though- at least four squirts and then what felt like a dribble. He slapped my ass in appreciation and pushed me off. I fell against the wall, catching my breath and heaving.

"Well, he's fucked me, what now?" I felt fear. Is this the end of me? Shit- well, at least I died knowing a strong man's touch. "Die? Jesus Christ, did he just fuck the brains literally out of you? Fight! Run! Get the fuck out of there and preserve your sorry ass!" I rose and turned to face my attacker for the first time. It had been so sudden, so forceful, that I hadn't seen who was violating me.

It was him.

His eyes smiled kindly and lovingly, and he leaned forward, gently grabbing my cock and rubbing it as he shut off the water. He led me out of the shower, and toweled me off, focusing on my ass which was, by now, leaking warm cum. He kept kissing my lips, and whispering into my ear, things like "You were so hot." "God, you're as cute being forced to fuck as you are giving yourself to me", and "That was so hot for me, was it as hot for you, baby?"

He led me; still grabbing my cock like it was a lead, to the bed and laid me back. He lay up beside me on his side and started to trace circles on my chest and stomach. He looked into my eyes and said

"Fantasy fulfilled?"

I gasped and realized that I had told him that I'd always fantasized about being taken in the shower- ever since college. I smiled, laughed and kissed him deeply and passionately, moaning slightly as I turned over and started to rub onto him, rubbing his cock with my hands, trying to find a way to thank him for what he did for me. He kissed back and took my hand gently, but firmly and started to guide it, grasping his growing shaft and rubbing it.

"Baby, you served me this morning and I fucked you last night. Tonight, I'm going to show you how a man makes love to another man. Of course, you're not off the hook- I'm still going to fuck your brains out of your cute little head".

I smiled, whimpered and rolled over onto him so that my cock and his rubbed together and whispered, "Anything you want, babe".