 I shouldn't listen to my daughter's chatter with her friends on her mobile phone, I know, but sometimes she just forgets that somebody else might be listening. But the tale she was telling of her time with her new boyfriend was just too hot to ignore.

I didn't take to Cai from the first time I clapped eyes on him. Although pretty faced, and athletic, he was thin as a beanstalk and had that certain shifty grin plastered all over his face. What's more, I thought he was too old by half for my Siân. After all, she was only 19, and he was all of 30. He was only five years younger than me, for crying out loud.

Siân had been particularly tired for days now, and I'd put it down to her work as a student nurse, but suddenly I understood why. She was telling one of her friends about her gorgeous new guy, but more particularly she was gushing excitedly about his dick. 

Amazing, huge, rock hard, she enthused. And he knew how to use it. Like a train steaming on, she warbled, lunging at her ceaselessly and sending her into orbit with multiple orgasm after multiple orgasm. I was dumbstruck. 

Not my girl. Not with him. Surely not. I could imagine him boasting to his friends in the bar. Surely she's exaggerating?

After that I was distinctly cool towards Cai. How could he? The dirty fucker.

Yet Siân was so happy, I didn't dare say anything to him about it. In a moment of parental weakness, I even allowed them to stay over.

All night I could hear the bedsprings pounding in the room next door. Siân's groans trilled through the walls time after time that night, oblivious to the fact her father was virtually a witness to her ecstasy. I slept not a wink. How I hated that Cai.

Morning finally came, as surely as Siân had several times during the night, and I heard the door slam shut just as dawn broke as drove off to work. 

I got up and wandered into the kitchen in my dressing gown, putting the kettle on. The sound of running water in the bathroom alerted me to the fact that HE was still here. How dare he, washing the effects of his sex with my daughter away in my shower. 

I decided to confront him, and marched up the stairs. Opening the bathroom door, I saw his skinny back facing me as he washed himself intensely amid the steam. Too intensely, I thought to myself.

He sensed my presence and turned round. He was slowly jacking himself off, his thumb and forefinger clasped tightly on the most monstrous specimen I'd ever seen. Not even in the washroom after a soccer match had I seen anything like it, and one or two of them had enough to boast about.

I was transfixed. It wasn't particularly thick, but long, ever so long, drooping slightly at its purplish bulbous tip. And stiff - the stiffest cock I'd ever seen or even imagined. Little wonder our Siân was so enamoured, I thought to myself, rather surprised to have caught myself thinking such lurid thoughts.

"Do you want some?" he asked quietly, barely audible above the din of splashing water, flashing that wicked grin in my direction.

He turned the water off and stepped out of the shower in my direction. I felt myself going weak at the knees. He took me by the shoulders and pressed down. I was surprised to find how willingly I fell on my knees in front of him.

He toyed with me, the bastard, swaying his steel-hard prick one side of my mouth, then the other. I lunged greedily at it and took it in my mouth. I thought briefly about the fact that this was the same prick that had penetrated our Siân last night, but the feeling of shame was only fleeting.

I plunged by head harder against his crotch, but gagged well before reaching his pubic hair. Almost retching, I'm forced to pull my head away. I just couldn't fit his monstrosity in my mouth.

"Can't hack it, eh?" he growls. "Well, I can't go away with my prick this stiff, so I'd better just fuck you. Bend over, you slut, so I can see if you're as good a fuck as your daughter."

I was incandescent with rage. I could almost hear him bragging in the bar. Not only fucked the daughter, but her dad as well. And he loved it. How dare he. I'll show him the door right now, and tell him to keep away in future.

But I found myself dropping my dressing gown to the floor and grovelling on all fours just the same: I just couldn't help myself, even though I knew what was coming. Kneeling there with my butt invitingly up in the air, I'd never felt so open, so unprotected, so embarrassed in all my life.

This mouthy git who'd just shagged my daughter senseless was about to dish out the same treatment to me. I could easily move out of harm's way, remove my butt from the line of fire. But it was like one of those nightmares where you try to escape but your legs won't carry you.

It was as if I'd been glued to the floor. What's more, Cai knew full well that I could do nothing to stop him from having his way with me, and deliberately took his time. 

He slapped me hard on the buttocks, one cheek at a time, and I felt my ass muscles clenching, then relaxing. Cai swept some of the soap suds off his still-dripping bare chest, and slowly lathered up my ass hole with them, inserting his middle finger in the hole and probing as far as he could.

I groaned quietly, to myself I hoped. He fell to his knees behind me, shuffled himself into position, and I felt the tip of his prick pressing against my ass hole. Six or seven times he did that, each time sending a surge of sexual electricity through my body. I wanted him to fuck me, desperately, and he knew that.

Suddenly he obliged, lunging his hips forward, and that great anaconda between his legs slithered eagerly inside me.

I felt pleasure and pain in equal measure as it set on its way, his knob easing aside my sphincter with ease. The penetration seemed to go on forever, as that rock-hard flesh penetrated ever deeper inside me, and I wondered just how much cock I could take.

I groaned again, loudly now, as his balls finally buffered up against my ass, and I knew he'd managed to insert that monster all the way in. The thought of it sent my head into a twirl.

He steadied himself, then slowly began to withdraw his tool, all the way to the knob, then pressed it slowly back in again. In, out. In, out. In, out. 

His knob rubbed gently on its way past my prostrate, sending a shudder of ecstasy through my whole body. In, out. In, out. Relentlessly, silently. A man on a mission. In, out. In, out.

My love gland wanted to explode, and I had the hardest erection of my life. In, out. In, out. Suddenly my prick juddered. In, out. In.... just a few more strokes should do it.

I felt the cum swelling up inside me, and then... Hallelujah! I blew up like Vesuvius. I was spurting cum all over the bathroom floor, my prick pumping uncontrollably. I groaned dementedly. The same groan I'd heard last night, coming from Siân's bedroom. Now I knew why.

I half expected it to end there. That's what a climax is supposed to signify. But Cai rollered on like a steam train. In, out. In, out..

Soon I though I was about to shoot my load again. But no, I reckoned. Not even Cai and his stunning prick could surely do that to another man. In, out. In, out. Still not a groan nor a whimper came from Cai. In, out, In, out. In, out. In, out.

He was shagging me with a new intensity. I thought he was reaching his own climax. My love gland screamed inside me as I felt my prick dancing to its own tune. I helplessly came a glorious second time, not so much cum this time, but ejaculated in a symphony of magnificent muscle spasms caressing my prick. I thought my heart would pound its way out of my chest.

Cai pulled out of me without ceremony, and stood in front of me with his dick in his hand. He masturbated himself with thumb and forefinger.

"Open wide", he ordered, and I meekly obeyed as he furiously wanked himself. He placed his dick on my open lips, and pulled at his foreskin as his cum fountained out. It sprayed over my taste buds, my lips, my chin, before he squeezed the last dribble out onto my tongue.

I swallowed hard as Cai stepped back into the shower, humming to himself.

"Not quite as good as your daughter, but you're a decent enough fuck," he announced, turning the water back on.