 Prologue: One year ago

I ran after him. He picked up his car keys from the hook by the door and swung the door open. I caught the door with my hand and swung it hard so it hit the wall. He made a dash for his car but I grabbed him by the arm. It was down-pouring out and the rain was making it hard to see if he I even grabbed him or not. I could've grabbed my neighbor by accident or something. 

He jerked back and turned around. He tried yanking his arm but I kept my grasp, "Don't leave me, please!" I begged but I saw him roll his eyes. The rain was soaking through my clothes and I was shaking. I let go of my grip and he made a break for his car. 

He swung the door open, got in, and slammed the door. As he started it I pounded heavily on the window. He rolled it down and looked at me, "Goodbye, Seth." 

He rolled his window back up and I backed away from the car. He sped away in the pouring rain and thunder cracked over my head. I jumped and I felt my own hot tears rush down my face. I ran inside our place and started grabbing his things

I went for Erick's clothing first. I grabbed the drawers of his shirts from our dresser and opened the window in the bedroom. I dumped out all the clothes and they landed in a heap in the driveway. I did the same with his pants and work clothes. 

Once that was done, I grabbed his work supplies like his laptop and portfolios and ran outside. I swung his laptop and it cascaded down our driveway with a river of sparks. I then took his portfolio and chucked it and the papers went flying through the air but were soaked once they landed. 

I stood outside for a few minutes after that and put my head in my hands. I started choking on my own tears. I was gasping for air and about ready to hyperventilate when my neighbor Bill came running out from his house. 

Bill was married and had five kids—not joking, five kids—so I knew his wife had probably made him. He rushed over to me and put his arm around me. 

"Did you and Erick get into a fight again?" Erick and I had some pretty intense fights over the three year's we've lived together and the year before we moved in together when we were just dating. We started dating our senior year. Then I went to college for two years to get my associates degree and we moved in together. Erick is still going to college right now for business and he has a job working with his uncle at his uncle's bank. 

"It was way worse than just a fight, Bill." I barely made out those words. He handed me his jacket and I wrapped myself in it to keep myself warm for a few, "He ended it tonight." I leaned into Bill and wrapped my arms around him for a hug. He was always there for me when I needed him. I was crying way worse than before now and he was trying to whisper things into my ear but the only thing I could hear was the sound of my own heart's pounding. 

"Do you want to stay with Lilly and I? I'm sure you won't want to go back in there for a day or so." I lifted my head up and let him guide me to his house. I never wanted to step foot into that house again. 

One Year Later

I was on my lunch break at work. I was sitting with my co-worker just talking. I was a secretary for a doctor's office. It was so boring but the money was pretty good and since I'm paying on court charges from Erick for damaged property, I needed the money. I owed him about five grand and I wasn't prepared for paying it. I agreed to pay him about one grand every couple of months. He figured that would work. 

Kristie, the other secretary, was chewing down on her protein bars while I was just drinking water, "You need to start eating something." She said in-between chews. She's the one that shouldn't be eating. She had to be going at least two-fifty and was short so it made her look even bigger. I was five nine and weighed around the one fifty area. I considered myself fat even though I was in the normal weight range. 

"I'm too fat." I said and she started laughing. Then she finished off her protein bar and pulled out a bottle of Pepsi. She had the down just as fast as the protein bar. I was disgusted with people that ate like that. But yet again, my boyfriend eats like that so I guess I could. I've been with the same guy for about a month now. I have just gotten back on my feet since the heart-wrenching split between Erick and I over a year ago. I met Jack during a jog. I was jogging down a road and he almost hit me. A horrible way to meet but I did threaten for a lawsuit if he didn't give me his name and number. I just laugh at that actually. 

"Eat this." She tossed me over a huge chocolate Hershey Bar. I stared at in and looked at her like she was joking. She cocked her one eyebrow up so I unwrapped it and took a bite. I don't even remember the last time I ate a candy bar. I've been focusing on my body a lot lately. I've been hitting the gym and running as much as I can. 

I ate it all and threw the wrapper away. I got up and grabbed my water. I walked away from the table I was sitting at in the cafeteria and walked to the bathroom. I needed to get this out of my system before I gained like ten pounds just from eating it. I was about ready to get sick just thinking about it being in my stomach right now.

I made it to the bathroom and started to push the door open when I felt a hand grab my shoulder. I turned my head to see Kristie standing behind me. She was a little shorter than I so I had to look down at her, "Don't do it Seth." I turned my head from looking at her, "Just give in once in a while. It will do you good. You're like a twig." I yanked my shoulder from her grasp and walked into the bathroom anyway. 

I stood in front of the sinks and looked at my reflection in the mirror. I saw a twenty three year old guy with bags under his eyes from lack of sleep and medium spiked brown hair that was starting to feel greasy from having no time to shower the night before. I backed up from the mirror and saw my blue eyes weren't as bright as what they normally were. I turned so my side was to the mirror. I was skinny but I still found myself a little fatter than what I should be. 

I turned my back to the mirror and took a few deep breaths. I was not the same person I was a year ago. I was worse. I rubbed my face with my hands and walked out of the bathroom. 

Kristie was standing next to the door when I walked out. I looked over at her but I kept walking. I checked the time on the clock. Only two more hours and I'll be on my way home to get ready for a dinner with Jack. 

I clocked out right at three. I needed to stop at the post office before it closed at three thirty. I rushed from the hospital to the post office. 

I walked in and got my mail quickly. I was greeted by a few people as I was walking out. I got in my car and went through my mail. As I ripped up the junk mail, I came across a letter. I looked at who it was from and I felt my heart skip a beat. The letter was from Erick. My heart started racing. He was probably asking for more money or I was over due on my one grand payment this month which in my argument, I have ten more days until the end of June so I still have time. I threw the letter on the passenger seat and put my seatbelt on. I wasn't prepared to read it just yet. 

It was a five minute drive from the post office to my town house. I still live in the same house that Erick and I bought four years ago. I just changed it up a little bit. I changed the color of the walls in each room and now it doesn't even look like the same house. 

I pulled into the driveway and opened the garage so I could pull into the garage. I pulled all the way in and shut the garage door behind me. I grabbed all my things from the passenger seat and I walked inside. 

I threw my mail onto my kitchen table and started walking upstairs. I unbuttoned my shirt and walked straight into the bathroom. I took all my clothes off and then jumped into the shower. 

I turned the water on and let it run over me for a moment. Every time I got into the shower, I thought about all the fun times Erick and I had had in there. I won't get into details but I'm sure you get the point. 

I fell back against the tile and felt a sharp pain go through my back. I reached back and felt the warm gooey texture of blood. I moved my hand to where I could see it and gasped. I grabbed a towel from my towel rack and jumped out of the shower. I pressed it on my back and let it soak up my blood for a few minutes. Once I knew it was done, I walked into my bedroom, grabbed some jogging pants and underwear and slipped them on. I'll just wash my hair over the sink. 

I put my head under the faucet in the bathroom sink and washed it that way. Once that was done, I walked over to my shower and cleaned off the little bit of blood from the sharp tile and walked out of my bathroom. 

I went downstairs and was about to watch some TV when a knock appeared on my door. I looked at the time, it was four. I swore under my breath, Jack was here. 

I opened the door and let him in. He wasn't dressed up though. He was only wearing ripped jeans and a tee shirt. I crossed my arms over my chest and shifted weight onto my right foot. 

"What gives?" I asked him and he looked at me. He put his hands in his pockets and sighed. 

"We can't see each other anymore." I felt my mouth fall open, "The wife came home a week earlier than usual." I put my hands over my mouth and stumbled away from him. He was married?! 

"You're married!" I screamed. He held up his hand to show me his wedding band. I felt a tear cascade down my hand. Then another one came down and soon I was full force crying. He walked over to me and tried putting a hand on my shoulder but I just kept walking backwards, "You used me." I said through my hands, "You used me for sex!" 

He looked at me ashamed, "I'm sorry Seth." I ran over to him and pushed him into the wall. 

"Get out of my house!" I screamed and he went running out of my house. 

I put my back against the wall and slid down it crying. I had my head in my hands. Tears were seeping through my fingers. 

When I felt better and stopped crying, I got up and walked over to my fridge to grab a much needed beer. I never drank—extra not needed calories—not unless I was deeply hurt which I was. I had slept with Jake twice already and he comes over to tell me his wife is back! Oh my god I was so hurt. I picked up the letter from Erick on the table and shredded it. I didn't want to read it. It was probably another apology letter or a letter saying I'm overdue on my payments. 

I walked over to my couch and sat my beer down on the coffee table. I laid down on my couch and shut my eyes. I wasn't tired so I knew I wouldn't fall asleep. I just needed to relax and rest. 

As my eyes were shut, I thought about Erick and me. I've been doing this ever since we broke up. I guess you can say I'm not over him yet and I don't think I ever will be. That fight we got in the night he ended it was bad. He came home telling me he was sorry and I had no idea what he was talking about. I remember trying to act cool until he told me about the other guy. Then we broke out in screaming to each other. I remember throwing the picture of us at the wall and it shattered over his head. I remember him running to me and trying to hit me and I pushed him away. Then when he tried kissing me, I slapped him and he went running out of the door. That's when he left. 

My eyes jolted open and I realized I was tearing up. I wanted to be over him but I just couldn't. I couldn't be over that guy that I was with for five years. It was impossible. I went to prom with him and then we lived together. We had sex almost every night. I gave him my virginity, how could I possibly get over him? 

I was about to shut my eyes again when a knocking on my door caused me to jump. I got up and walked over. I opened the door to see my neighbor Bill standing outside with a cake in his hand. I wiped the remaining tears from my cheek and smiled. 

"Lilly and I watched that guy storm away. She felt bad so she told me to bring you this cake. She made it for the family but since you're like a part of our family, we're giving it to you." I thanked him and gave him a quick hug. 

"You shouldn't have done this Bill." I said but he shrugged it off. I smiled again and was about to shut the door completely when he stopped it. 

"Would you care to join our family for dinner tonight? You look a little lonely." I smiled and invited him inside for a minute as I ran up to get ready. 

I slipped on a pair of jeans and a tee shirt. I fixed my hair and bandaged my cut on my back. I brushed my teeth and then walked out with him. 

I've never been invited to his house before but Bill was like my second father. If he noticed something wasn't right he would comfort me and make me feel better. Even though Bill was in his fifties and his wife was too, they were the nicest people. Their children where my age though. Or maybe even older so it was really odd knowing I'll be around them. 

Their house was way bigger than mine and it was a lot nicer. Mine was legit half a house since I don't know who owns the other half. I followed him into the living room. All of his children were sitting on their couch. He had three daughters and two sons. I didn't know any of them but I'm sure they've heard of me. 

"Everyone, this is Seth. He's our neighbor and I've decided to let him have dinner with us." I felt my cheeks turn bright red. I was blushing big time. He turned to me and introduced me to everyone, "Daniel," he pointed to his son, "Is my oldest and only son. Samantha," He pointed the girl sitting by this random guy who'd I'd mistaken for his other son. Must be her boyfriend or husband or something. He introduced the rest but I couldn't take my eyes off from Daniel. He resembled Erick in so many ways. The jet black hair and striking almost black eyes with the amazing jawline and body. 

I was snapped from my staring when Bill patted my back and told me to have a seat and try talking to them. I went immediately for Daniel. I went over and stood by him, "Hey, it's nice to meet you." I said to break the ice. He looked up and blushed. 

"When my dad talked about Seth," He started and I thought, yup I knew Bill always told stories about everything. I'm pretty sure he even saw me sucking Erick in our driveway one day because we couldn't wait long enough to get into the house. That wasn't the smartest thing I've ever done but screw it. I used to love him so I didn't care who saw, "I never expected you to look so...handsome." I had to blink twice. Did he really just say what I thought he'd said? He looked at me and I realized he was really cute too. 

"Are you flirting with me?" I asked and he smiled and got up without saying a word. I stood there dumbfounded. Was he flirting with me or just leading me on? I didn't know and I was majorly confused. Samantha got up and grabbed my arm. I shook back to reality and looked at her.

"Don't mind Daniel, he's a major flirt. I mean, towards guys anyway. I'm pretty sure you don't go his way." I burst out laughing which made her stare at me. 

"Don't go that way? I've gone that way since I can remember." I was half talking and half laughing. 

"Then you and Daniel should hit it off." She said coldly and walked away from me. Man, I have the worst time speaking to people. I'm so screwed when it comes to my job. 

Dinner went by fast thankfully and I was on my way home in a matter of time. It's not like I had to walk far but it felt like I had to. I got to my driveway and was about to walk up to my house when I heard running behind me. I was completely skeptical about who was coming after me. All I could think about was that it was a rapist and I was screwed. I turned around to see Daniel all out of breath behind me. 

"I know we just met." He started panting, "But I was thinking we could do something sometime? Like are you free this Friday night? We could go dancing at a club or go out drinking or something." He suggested and I smiled. 

"Pick me up at eight." I turned back around to walk up my driveway. 

I got inside and locked all the doors. I was smiling. I walked over to my cell phone and saw I had ten missed calls. In a matter of an hour, I had ten. That has to be a record. They were all from Erick though and I felt stabbed through the heart. I still want Erick, more than anything else in the whole world. 

I wanted to call him and I would but just not tonight. I turned my phone off and laid on my couch. I finished up the beer on my table and once that was done, rushed up to my room. It was only five thirty so I had time to spare. I decided to call a few of my buds and go out drinking. What harm could be done? 

I got into my tight skinny jeans and plaid shirt button-shirt. I was ready to go out. I was meeting my buds at seven so I had time to spare once again. 

Six o'clock came and then finally six thirty and I was out of there. I drove to the local bar and I saw my buds cars already there. I walked in and presented my ID. Once in, I sat down at a table with them. They were all eating cheese fries and so I grabbed a handful. We all started making small talk. 

"How you and Jack doing?" Chris—my best friend—asked me. I shrugged. 

"He was married. I can't believe that ass hole." I said and Chris high fived me, "What are you doing?" I asked. 

"You can cross something off from your bucket list now" I looked at his confusingly. 

"My bucket..." He stopped me but stuffing a fry into my mouth. 

"You fucked a married man dude, you're a god now." I laughed and choked on the fry. John and Liam both laughed hysterically at me. We then each ordered some shots and took them at the same time. 

Once ten o'clock came, we were all beyond drunk. I was touching Chris up like he was mine. We all left to go home but I walked home with Chris. I was too drunk to drive and since his apartment was about a block from the bar, we walked it back. We got up to his apartment and he was feeling me up. He unbuttoned my shirt and pulled his off. Before I even knew what was happening, our lips were together and we were tongue wrestling. This is why I never went out drinking with my friends. 

"Stop." I whispered and he pulled away. He looked at me, his eyes glassed. He looked fake and porcelain, "I'm not doing this. I'm just going to crash on your couch." I said and he put his hands up in defeat. He went to his bedroom and I fell on his couch. 

I had a throbbing headache and a horrible stomach ache. I was lucky I even fell asleep when I did. 

When I woke up, I had no idea where I was. I didn't know whether I was at home or still at Bill's. I looked over to see Chris making something on his stove. 

"What the..." I started but he turned and smiled. I felt my head throb horribly. It was pulsing with each blink. I started getting up when he walked over to me. 

"I think you should go home now." He said and I said goodbye. I ran out his apartment. Guilt flooded me. What happened between Chris and me last night? Did we go too far? 

The block to my car felt like it took forever. My head was pounding and I didn't feel the greatest. I got to my car and sat inside. I didn't even got my key into the ignition when I felt the urge appear. I opened the door and vomited everywhere. I felt that one coming. I laid my head back and shut my eyes. I took a few deep breaths before I felt well enough to start driving. 

I pulled into my driveway and parked my car just short of the garage. I whipped the door open and vomited one more time before walking in finally. I looked over to Bill's house and saw Daniel, Samantha, and the rest of the kids staring at me. I wiped my mouth off with the tissues I had in my glove compartment and got out. I slammed the door and walked to my front door with my head hung low. I was so ashamed. I was about to open my door when I heard someone running behind me. I turned around and sure enough it was Daniel. 
