 Context - My first gay experience was with an older man. I was 21 and he was 38. He was very fit physically and had a beautiful house where he took me. We met at a supermarket because we kept passing each other in each aisle. He knew I was interested because I kept making gentle eye contact with him. I thought he was so beautiful. No one close to me knew that I was gay - they still don't... I really struggle to open-up about my homosexuality. My family always resented gay people - they were very old-fashion and closely involved with our church. But I always knew I was gay. I always had a craving for men and penis - I just fell for this man immediately. A few coffee 'dates' later, I gave him my heart, body, and soul. He took it all from me but he wasn't gentle... This experience set the tone for the dynamic of our relationship. If you aren't looking for a rough sex story, this was a rather hardcore experience so you might not enjoy it. But this turned out to be the most special sexual experience of my life and I am so grateful that my partner in the story made sure that we made this memory together. I wouldn't have changed a thing.

Story - It was getting late that night but I agreed to go back to his place. The lights were off in his bedroom and he didn't seem to want them on. He closed the door and guided me into bed. We both got under the covers with our clothes on. There were layers of heavy thick sheets and blankets - it was very luxurious and cozy. He flipped a light switch on the wall and a nice big fire started-up in a fireplace across from the bed. The fire produced a beautiful amber light and delicious haze into the air of the room.

I told him that I was nervous. So he asked me to spoon into him under the covers. He held me close and slowly kissed the back of my neck. "Just relax. I gotcha. I gotcha." He kept whispering as he gently french kissed the back of my neck.

I felt his hand enter the bottom of my shirt, it slowly brushed past my tummy. He started to pull gently on my nipples while he kissed my neck. My body started to radiate heat, I was so nervous. Was I really going to have sex with him?

With one last pull, he slowly pulled my nipple as far as he could without letting go. My nipple eventually slipped out of his grasp and I let out a soft moan of pleasure from the tingle and the pain of the pinch. His hand traced down under the waistband of my pants. I felt his palm slide down along my erect shaft before he cupped my balls.

Things were getting too real. I contemplated chickening out. I turned out of the spooning position to face him. Maybe even to tell him that I wanted to leave... But he kissed me on my lips - passionately. I could feel my cock start to leak pre-cum. He started to use the pre-cum to jerk me off a little while we were making out.

My eyes started to tear because I was so ashamed. He asked me what was wrong. I told him that I was having a difficult time admitting that I was gay - I was nervous. He told me that everything was going to be ok - that he was going to take care of me.

I turned onto my back. He asked if I liked it when he 'did that' referring to his hand stroking my cock with my seemingly endless pre-cum. I nodded my head yes and began to cry a little bit. They were nervous tears but happy tears too.

He told me to relax and enjoy it - that everything would be ok. To show him that I was ok with everything, I nodded my head and pulled off all of my clothes. I was still crying a little bit but I made eye contact with him and nodded my head 'yes' with a tear-filled smile. He smiled back and went under the covers. He kissed and sucked my nipples - flickering his tongue between sucks.

He stopped kissing me and touching me so that he could move his body in between my legs. I opened my knees and without any use of his hands he took my penis all the way into his mouth. He held me in his throat while he slowly licked my balls. It was obvious that he had no problem deep throating my cock. I was only 6 inches long anyway so I wasn't too much to handle.

It started to dawn on me that he wasn't going to use his hands at all. His head went all the way up and all the way down on my dick at a nice slow pace for about ten minutes - but it felt like two hours. He finally pulled up with the head of my penis well-grasped within his lips. There was a nice loud 'pop' when my dick finally released itself from his mouth.

He emerged from under the blankets, straddling over me in missionary position. His strong hands wiped away my tears and he kissed my saline covered lips. He told me to lift up my knees and hold them with my arms. "Make sure your little toes are always pointed back toward you, ok?" He said. I said ok and followed his orders as he disappeared back under the blankets.

With my knees up and open I pointed my toes back toward me as best that I could. I heard him say 'Good Boy' before his tongue started licking my asshole with deep, long, pressured slides. His tongue flickered into my asshole and he probed into me back and forth. He emerged back up from under the covers and kissed me deeply.

He asked me to be his little spoon and then he stripped off all of his clothes and spooned me. I was still lightly crying like a little girl while he spooned me. His penis wasn't hard, he just held me with his strong warm hands.

It was while he hugged our spooning naked bodies together that he gave me a speech that changed my life forever. His hand pulled away to lube his soft penis while he whispered into my ear: "When a man takes you, it can be very romantic. But you also need to understand that it can be painful. Look... I'm going to take you now (I felt him lube my butthole in one circular motion) and it's going to hurt. And I'm not going to stop. But it doesn't mean that I'm being mean to you it means that I care for you deeply. That's what it means to give yourself to a man. Now listen carefully - If you need to poop or pee in the bed 'it's ok,' do it. If you need to cry or yell 'it's ok,' do it. I'm going to take you and your only job is to surrender to me. Go to your happy place and go to sleep. It's your time now baby. You will treasure this memory for your entire life and I'm going to make sure that I take you all the way."

His penis was hard now I could feel it against my ass cheek. Later in our relationship I measured him: he was a little over 7 inches but not much. Still, it was a very thick penis and overall much bigger than mine.

In a spooning position he entered me slowly. At first I thought it wasn't going to happen because his penis just didn't fit into my butthole - it wouldn't go in. But after he put some harder pressure into me, my butthole just surrendered and his whole girth finally slipped-in. The initial slip-in was about 1 inch and it happened very quickly. Pain flashed up my back like electricity. His penis felt as wide as a baseball bat the way he was stretching my butthole open.

I wasn't sure that I could do it - It really hurt to be stretched open that much. Without pulling backward he slowly pushed himself inside of me all the way in one direction. He explained that he was moving my intestine into a new shape and that the pain would eventually change to pleasure.

"It's time baby," he said as his arms strongly held my wrists to my chest - he was exponentially stronger than me. I started to cry when he began fucking me - and he was fucking me like a man... He rammed deep into me and wasn't holding back - it felt like he was hitting a wall inside of me.

Every time he pulled out his penis almost slipped out of me but he never did. There were times that I could feel that he only pulled out about 50% of his cock before thrusting it back inside of my gut. But he would immediately correct his technique so that I would take the entire length of his cock. I took 100% of his length with almost every single thrust-in and every single pull-out.

I distinctly remember putting my tongue out like a dog and crossing my eyes upward into my skull as some kind of coping mechanism. My eyes really began to hurt but I couldn't stop - I just kept blinking profusely this way. My knees started to push back as if to lessen his penetration but he overpowered me deeper each time I tried so I just stopped trying. I became a rag-doll and just surrendered to his abuse. While I curled up in a fetal position with my eyes crossed in agony - I whined and whimpered... I couldn't help but sound girly... He kept whispering in my ear, "Good Boy. Shh... Shh..."

I was really getting fucked (pounded) and he was lasting forever. My skin started to feel cold and I was getting goosebumps. His body was hot and starting to sweat.

He finally released my wrists so that he could grab my waist and ass and really put power into his thrusts. I couldn't help but give-in and move closer to him for warmth. It was like my mind and thoughts just broke and I just surrendered to his power. Streams of cum started to jet through my urethra. My penis was completely soft and it felt as though I was peeing the bed; I just let it all out and gave in to the ecstasy. That very moment, my voice changed when I spoke to him - From then on, I spoke to him in the voice of a baby girl.

I saw on his clock that he had been fucking me hard for at least 25 minutes. I could even smell some poop that must have squeezed out my asshole. But he didn't slow down at all - It was as if he smelled it too and started to fuck me even harder.

By this point he had his arm wrapped under the back of my knees - cementing me in the fetal position. His bottom hand had a firm grasp of my shoulder and the back of my neck while he had his way with me. Thrust after thrust after thrust... I could feel my penis start tingling as if I had to pee. It was completely soft and shrunk small - streaming pre-cum out onto my thighs. Thrust after thrust my mind was scrambling... I finally passed out.

...

When I came to I realized that I was out of consciousness for at least five minutes. He was still fucking me, he hadn't stopped and had moved into missionary position. I was really getting fucked hard - I'm not kidding.

He held my face close against his and said, "put your little toes in the air like a good boy." I did what he asked and he said, "Good Boy." With about ten of his hardest thrusts he came inside of me. He kissed me passionately on the mouth and then told me to go poop and shower in the bathroom. I could feel his cum leaking from my butthole.

My face was covered in tears and I was torn between the excitement of finally having fucked a man and the terror of the pain and incontinence. I accidentally pooped in his shower tub and sat on the floor of his shower trying to find peace. There was some blood and feces running into the water from time to time...

He greeted me by the bathroom door with a warm robe when I was finished showering. "Lets relax by the fire and let your body rest. I'm so proud of you. Would you like to spend the night?"