 *This one starts a bit slow and then heats up. So if you're looking for hot sex right away, might not be for you. But it's worth the little wait.*

*****

Bradley couldn't sleep. He had spent most of the day at work and then had gone to the gym for a couple hours. His mind kept drifting. 

He was 26, but he had learned that he had to work a lot harder now than when he was younger if he wanted to keep his body looking tight. He was 6'2" and had a natural athlete's body, but he got enjoyment out of going to the gym with other men and women watching him. They couldn't have him, and he didn't want them. But it still felt good. 

Plus, the feeling of appreciative eyes on him as he squatted and lifted got him primed and turned on for later. And he knew he needed that horniness and energy to please the man at home. 

He felt lucky that James had seen him at a bar one night and had decided to make him his. Bradley remembered that first night so clearly it still made him hard in a second. 

He had gone out for drinks with some guys from work. The bar they were at had been playing sultry modern R&B that had Bradley on edge as he tried to subtly grind against the bar stool to find some relief. 

Just as he had tuned out his coworkers and ordered a second beer, he felt a drop of sweat run down his muscled back. He could feel someone watching him. 

He'd never forget that first time his eyes connected with James'. His body froze as if under some sort of silent command from the older man. Bradley couldn't help but scan the other man's body. He was a good five or six inches taller than Bradley and had dark, curly hair compared to Bradley's own short blonde hair. The other man was ripped. Bradley could see his biceps straining against his white button-down shirt. His forearms were tanned and muscled and led down to lean hands with long fingers. Bradley slowly raked his gaze back up to look into the man's eyes and realized he had started walking toward him. 

"I'm James," the handsome former stranger quietly said in a smooth, deep voice as his gaze seared into Bradley. 

It didn't take long for Bradley to realize this was it. James' confidence came through in his swagger and his direct eye contact. He knew what he wanted. Bradley could feel James' hard length pressing into him. He opened his mouth to say hello just as as James practically commanded, "Let's get out of here." 

Three years later and he still felt lucky to have James in his life. The two of them moved in together after eight months of dating. Bradley cut back on working at James' insistence. He had said he wanted to take care of him, to be the provider. It was weird at first, but Bradley loved it now. He loved that his primary role was to stay in good shape, cook dinner, and make sure James was happy. 

Bradley loved that James came home and just expected Bradley to be there. He thrived under his man's expectations. James was always in control, and Bradley felt free. 

When they had sex, they alternated between hard and soft, fast and slow. But James was always in control. Any time Bradley tried something he didn't like, all James had to do was give him a couple swats on the ass to remind him to give in. Bradley felt better when he gave in. He felt better when he had James' hard length ramming in and out of his tight, sweaty asshole. Before James, Bradley had never taken more than seven or eight inches of cock, so James' thick eleven-inch monster made him feel fuller than he thought possible. And when he decided to be rough with it, there was no chance Bradley wouldn't end up cumming while sweet tears rolled down his cheeks. 

That night, Bradley got home before James, per usual. Even though James was 14 years older than him, he worked longer and harder hours and earned the main income. And Bradley was just fine having a provider. 

He had popped a vegetarian lasagna in the oven and went upstairs to shower while he waited for dinner to cook and James to get home. As much as he tried to keep his shower quick, his thoughts drifted to James. As he soaped up his body and massaged out his sore muscles from his earlier workout, he couldn't help but slip his hand down to take his length in his fist. 

Bradley pictured James whispering what a good boy he was and how he was so proud of him for turning himself on. He imagined James massaging his ass as he pushed his erection into Bradley's side, teasing him further. Bradley stroked harder as he thought of James shoving one long finger into his little puckered hole. He hadn't worn a plug in weeks so that he could be tighter for James. James would start slow with one finger, making Bradley think he was going to be gentle. Then he'd add a second and a third, ramming them up his hole as he twisted his wrist, trying to make Bradley cum. He'd tell him again what a good boy he was for taking Daddy's fingers in his little asshole. 

Bradley opened his eyes as he came out of his fantasy and spurted into his hand with breathy pants. He finished up his shower and toweled off so he could go check on dinner. 

Just as he was putting the lasagna and a bottle of wine on the table, James walked through the door. A calm came over Bradley as it always did. He could relax. He felt safe and cared for. 

James walked across the living room to give Bradley a kiss, wrapping one arm around his waist and putting the other behind his neck to hold him steady. Bradley's mouth opened for him as James slowly sucked on his tongue, reawakening his cock. Bradley could feel James' own hard length against his thigh. They broke apart with one more kiss and took seats at the table. 

James ate slowly and complimented Bradley on how good the lasagna was. They talked about work and friends and how their days had been. 

By the time they finished eating, Bradley was exhausted and ready for bed, but he knew James had friends coming over for a couple games of poker and beer. He wanted to stay up to spend more time with James, but he was just too tired and headed up to bed.  

He tossed and turned for a couple hours before finally giving up and padding down the steps to see if James was still up. He heard James' and another man, Richard's, low voices. Everyone else had gone home he guessed. 

James turned to see Bradley coming down the stairs and gave him a sweet smile as he patted the spot next to him on the couch. Bradley rubbed the sleep out of his eyes and curled up next to James as he laid his head against his hard chest. 

James continued to talk to Richard from across the room. Something about Richard being stressed from work and his wife not giving him sex. 

Bradley snuggled closer to James and looked up at him with sleepiness and yearning. The older man chuckled softly and said to Richard, "Sorry, man, just a second. He's so needy when he's sleepy." James knew what Bradley needed. He patted and rubbed his boy's head as he unbuttoned his own shirt, spreading it open and offering up a nipple to Bradley. 

James could sense Richard's shock, but he just chuckled again and shrugged as Bradley started suckling at his hard nipple. He continued his conversation with Richard, rubbing Bradley's back in a soothing motion. 

Bradley suctioned onto his Daddy's teat and sucked, making little suckling noises. He was feeling better already. He closed his eyes and sighed as he continued to suck on James' hard little nipple. The soothing routine was making him hard as he thought of Richard just sitting there watching them as James continued the conversation. As Bradley's cock hardened, he decided to push his luck by swirling his tongue around James' hard peak. That earned him a swat on the ass. 

"All right, boy, I see what this is," James said knowingly. "Sorry, man, I gotta take care of him real quick. Go on. So you were saying Sheila doesn't let you fuck her mouth anymore?" 

Richard tried to speak as he watched James undo his belt and shove down his pants as he removed Bradley's briefs. 

James gave Bradley a couple soothing strokes on his butt before he turned him face down on the couch and climbed behind him. He offered his fingers to Bradley to suck and then slid two into Bradley's hole to opened him up a bit. Bradley hoped James could feel that he was tighter. 

"Hmm, good boy, baby. You've been trying to tighten yourself up for me. Don't want your little rosebud getting too loose for Daddy." 

Bradley's cock swelled painfully as he took in James' words of praise. He wiggled his ass and held it up higher. James chucked throatily again. 

"Yes, baby, I know," he said calmly. 

Bradley could feel James lining himself up and stroking as he tapped against Bradley's hole, lightly slapping him with his hard rod. He was about to get eleven inches of cock from his Daddy and he couldn't wait. 

James slowly entered Bradley, one inch at a time. Bradley could actually feel James getting harder and longer the deeper he went. He couldn't take it anymore; he pushed back against James and speared himself onto his length. Bradley groaned at the feeling of fullness. God he never wanted it to end. 

But James started moving quickly. In and out, getting faster and deeper and harder with each thrust. He slapped Bradley's ass to keep his face down and just kept ramming into him. Bradley could feel himself getting close and grabbed a pillow to grip onto as he stretched back to take more of James' cock. 

"Haha, yes, baby, take it," James laughed. "Aww, look at you so sweaty and tired from trying to make Daddy happy. Ah, there it is. Come on, take some more. Oh, good boy." 

James continued groaning behind Bradley. They were both so close. Bradley could feel James' balls slapping against him and he thrusted faster and faster. All he could do was take it. 

"Damn, Richard, bet your wife doesn't take it like this," James said as he looked over at his friend. 

Richard was rubbing himself through his slacks as he watched James spear Bradley over and over again. 

"Shit, baby, you're so tight," James groaned. "Oh fuck. Fuck. Look at that little hole opening up for me." 

Bradley felt James spread his cheeks and spit onto his hole to lube him up some more. 

"All right, boy, almost there. Oh, you're doing so good, taking all of me. So tight. Here it comes!" 

James thrust one more time and stilled as he groaned. Bradley could feel his channel being coated by his Daddy's sperm, filling him up. 

Bradley was so close to his own release. He grinded back on James, trying to ease the tension and find relief as sweat dripped off of him. He could feel it building; he was there. Suddenly James pulled out. 

Bradley whined and turned around with a pained look on his face. 

"Oh no, you don't get to come after you came down here and interrupted my night with a friend," James said sternly. "Maybe next time, baby, but you have to learn your lesson." 

That brought Bradley out of his daze as he looked over at Richard. His eyes were wide and glued on Bradley's asshole. Richard continued to absentmindedly stroke himself. 

"Sorry, man, maybe next time," James said as he looked at his friend and saw where his eyes were fixed. "I've gotta take Bradley back to bed. He's definitely worn out for the night. But I'm sure he wouldn't mind servicing Daddy's friend next time to make up for his behavior tonight."