 I was on my way to the court of the great Mogul. My father, a prince with little more than his ancient title, was sending me there to further my education and hopefully to improve my station in life. Fortunately I had grown into a very fine looking young man and at nineteen I was going to the Mogul's court to make my way in the world.

No expense had been spared in setting me up so that I would arrive at my destination in a manner appropriate for a young noble of good family. I rode in a palanquin with six bearers, all of them good looking men. My fathers' lands were not particularly large but the men of our land were all well made and strong. We presented a fine sight, with several mules following behind bearing my meagre possessions.

I lay back in the cool shade of my curtained vehicle thinking about my brilliant future while being gently rocked by the steady rhythm of my bearers swaying strides.

It was the second day of my journey, and tonight we would be at the last stop before my destination. I was daydreaming about the court and about the fine men and women there, and I admit tugging at my cock idly during my pleasant thoughts. This happy activity occupied me when I became aware of a sudden jolt and a stagger among my bearers. I frowned at the intrusion, becoming angry when my palanquin stopped moving. I could voices suddenly raised outside, yells and shouts and my palanquin was suddenly dropped unceremoniously to the ground and I lay sprawled in a heap amongst my cushions.

I put my head out between the silken curtains and looked about to see who to abuse for my discomfort. But I immediately pulled my head back inside. What I had seen in that brief glance outside was not good. A great barbarian on horseback had a sword to my chief bearers throat. In the background I had also glimpsed two other semi naked barbarians waving their swords menacingly and shouting after my fleeing bearers, as they ran off into the distance. I found my sword buried among the cushions and grasped it, then pulled the curtain aside. 

"What is the meaning of this?" I demanded in my most commanding voice. 

There was a sudden silence as everybody looked my way. The huge barbarian with his great rippling muscles glistening in the bright sun, lowered his sword from my bearers throat and slid nimbly from his horse. He strode over to me, his muscles playing with the light as they moved beneath his golden skin. My cock lurched at the sight of him and was making a noticeable statement when he stopped in front of me. 

He looked me over in a very insolent manner, running his eyes from my head to my crotch. My sword arm seemed frozen and I was dismayed at my sudden helpless state. Then I gasped open mouthed as the magnificent barbarian laid a huge hand on my chest and pushed me back into my palanquin, where I fell among the cushions as he crawled in between my spread thighs to join me. My sword fell from my hand and slid away as I watched him coming closer. 

"I am Konan," my attacker announced as he tore my fine silk pantaloons from my body. He eyed my weapon standing erect hard and throbbing from the mere sight of him and rubbed his huge thumb over my cap and pressed it into my already leaking pisshole. I groaned and trembled, automatically tilting my hips and spreading my legs wider to show him my arsehole. 

He laughed at me and leant forward covering my mouth with his. I opened my lips to him almost overwhelmed by his powerful tongue and the masculine musky scent of him. He wrapped a huge strong arm about me and lifted me up to him as he tore my coat off and fastened the fingers of his other hand to a nipple. I bit his lip as he worked the hard lump of dark skin, sending shivers down through me. I had my hands on him as we kissed, running them greedily over the incredibly hard full muscles of his chest and arms. I found his nipples and squeezed them both and then lowered a hand to his loincloth seeking his weapon.

I shuddered when I felt a mammoth tree trunk there, hard and standing proud and tall. I moaned as I slid my hand up and down it guessing at its length and thickness and trembling at the thought of it possessing me. Because I had no doubt this was how Konan intended his weapon to be used.

Konan moved his mouth down from mine to my chest, biting my nipples in turn, so I cried out then moving his big tongue over me wetting me and arousing me more. Though I had no need for any more arousal, having been rock hard myself since I had first felt what he had to offer me. His mouth finished on my cock and he swallowed my 8 inches as if they were nothing. I thrust my hips violently at his face as he sucked and tongued me his mouth encasing and releasing me in a way that had me wild. Then he dropped me back onto the cushions and I lifted and spread my legs for him and he grabbed my butt and lifted it to his lowered head. 

I reached out wildly to steady myself, as I gasped for air, and my hands found the uprights at the corners of the palanquins frame. I grasped these and held myself steady for his mouth to work my arse. His strong tongue slobbered over my tight but well used entrance pushing in to it. His huge hands enveloped and spread my cheeks wide as his tongue worked on me. I moaned as I gripped the frame and bore down on his hard probing tongue, so it entered me and I heard myself helplessly moaning loudly.

Konan moved his mouth briefly to my balls momentarily sucking them in and I moaned even more for him.

"You are a very fine young nobleman," he said as he moved his mouth briefly back to my arse hole. 

He lowered my butt then and turned to straddle my face and I gaped at the huge tool he was lowering to my mouth. I could take only a small part of it in comfortably and not more than three quarters of it with difficulty. As I sucked and caressed the great throbbing head of his huge cock inside my mouth, he leant forward and pulled my thighs back under his arms to give himself perfect access to my anus, I was choking on his huge cock and bucking my hips as he poked his thick fingers inside me and worked me open with them, sending me even wilder with lust as he stroked me inside.

I desperately wanted him to go on to the obvious conclusion and moaned, "Yes, yes," when he lifted himself and turned to kneel between my spread and lifted thighs. I looked down to see him wipe his huge rod over my inner thighs and along my cock before positioning it at my wet, slightly gaping entrance. I knew I wanted his huge cock fucking into me and I reached down and held the tip of it just behind the nob, keen to help him guide it in.

Konan threw his head back and laughed loudly. "So my fine young nobleman is eager to be taken by a huge barbarian is he?" Konan asked. 

"Yes," I replied panting in anticipation, "Yes, fuck me Konan. Yes. Yes. Yes." I gasped wildly, pushing my arse down to his huge poised weapon.

Konan pulled my hips down to him. He pulled me onto that great rod, I cried out at the pain of its entrance twisting about to free myself of it, and then cried out again, and gasped as he pushed in over my most sensitive spot. Slowly he pressed it into me deeper and deeper. I cried out repeatedly as he continued to drive himself in, overcome by his size and sure he was going to tear me apart. But that huge cock continued its relentless journey of discovery inside me. Going where nothing human had been before. 

Many men had been in there before Konan, but never so far in, or stretching me so wide. He chewed at my neck as he worked himself in deeper. I writhed in pain again, gripping the frame of my palanquin as I tried to open my arse wider for him. After a while the pain of him entering me had lessened and I was feeling incredibly overfilled instead. My hard cock was throbbing and dripping as I moaned and breathed raggedly. He moved himself deep inside me and I cried out briefly again. Then he moved again and I moaned at the feeling of being massively stuffed and stretched by him. 

Konan massaged my gut by fucking me, so that I opened for him, and soon I felt waves of pleasure run through me from his cock sliding slowly in and out of me. Then he was pounding my arse and I was crying out in wild abandoned ecstasy. He added his cries to mine before he roared like a great animal and arched back, driving himself hard into me, and I cried out at the feel of his hot cum flooding me.

I came up my own belly in huge spurts and jerks, until I was spent, and lay back almost senseless. Konan collapsed across me but left his massive tool buried as I wrapped my thighs about him wanting to keep it there, now that I had accommodated him.

He slowly hardened inside me and pulled my legs free and moved out till only his flared cock head was inside me. He worked that in and out over my spot so that I moaned and writhed trying to push myself back down on him. 

He stopped, "No don't stop," I cried, before I became aware of a commotion outside and the curtains of my palanquin being parted. 

I turned distractedly to the intrusion as my arse was emptied and my barbarian grasped his sword and made to attack the intruder. Konans' size behind his swords sweep, pushed the intruder aside and Konan leapt from my Palanquin. I lay there stunned and panting my legs wide and up showing my abandoned cum slicked gaping arsehole, and my own rehardened and throbbing cock. 

Soon the intruder returned and climbed in below me. I moaned as he dropped his armoured skirt and I saw a more than adequate cock standing rigidly to attention for me. In a moment my intruders cock had filled the barbarian Konan's place, not so full, but well, and I was again holding the frame of my palanquin, grunting in pleasure and working my arse to the intruder as he plowed me deeply.

When he had filled me with his hot cream he pulled out and reaching for my cock stroked me to my own orgasm. Then he sat back and asked me who I was and I told him. He laughed heartily when he heard that I was going to the great Moguls court to make my fortune.

"Now that I have tried your assets young nobleman I assure you that you will be a great success at court," he said. 

Then he left my palanquin and I just lay there among my cushions unable to move, with my legs spread and my arse nicely sore, well stuffed and fully satisfied.