 I was bored and horny as hell. It was another dull Friday night, just after 10pm and no one was online so I decided to drive into town and buy a couple new toys and rent a flick. My girlfriend and I had just broken off our engagement after she found out I was bisexual and I was depressed. My male friend was off with his family for the weekend, so I had plenty of time to waste. Since I had only planned on going in for a couple minutes, all I wore was a pair of sweat pants, flip-flops and a t-shirt, I didn't even bother putting any underwear on. I jumped in the car and made the 30-minute drive. The shop was located in the warehouse district, just off the interstate. The area was among the rougher parts of the city, and all along the road were local ladies looking to satisfy the truckers and factory workers for a quick dollar.

As I walked in, I noticed the customers walking about the movie section and a few moving between the front and the back where the viewing booths were located. I had often wanted to go back there and see what was playing but never had the nerve. I watched one lady who was picking out some vibrators with her girlfriend and giggling as they compared the various sizes. I walked over to the sidewall and picked out a nice dildo about 8" long and semi-thick made of jelly. It was realistic looking and felt nice in my hands. I decided to buy an inflatable butt-plug with a harness, as I figured it would feel great riding in the car, the seat bouncing it in and out as I drove. I walked over to the rental area and picked out a couple flicks, the first had a gang-bang of girls with giant dildos and the other was a movie of bi-male and tranny sex. My cock was starting to throb and I forgot I had on my sweat pants. Looking at the toys and movies started to get my blood pulsing. I went to the front counter, handed the clerk my items and credit card. When he handed me the receipt, he also included coupons for the back movie room, $10.00 credit. I decided to see what it was about, so I handed him my bag, got the coins and then found a booth along the back wall. 

The booth was smaller then I thought, the door was thin plywood on hinges with no lock, and the stool wobbled a bit. I picked out a flick about a guy getting banged by 5 other guys, pounding his ass rough. I was wishing I had been able to bring my new dildo in the booth, so I just pulled my cock out and started stroking. I could hear some noises in another booth, moans of pleasure as someone was getting off, and this just made me more excited and hard. I had spent about 7 dollars in about 2 hours on flicks when the booth door opened up. My pants to my feet, cock in my hand, and a finger deep in my ass. It was the front clerk, and he had my bag in his hand. He just smiled at me as I tried to pull up my sweats, he told me no problem, just that he was off work and wanted to make sure they didn't loose my purchases. He then glanced at the movie playing; a white guy was being fucked by a big black cock while sucking another one. He asked me if I enjoyed that and I explained a black dick had never fucked me and unfortunately the biggest was only 8". He reached to the glory hole panel next to the monitor and slid it open, smiled and closed the booth door again. 

As I went back to watch the movie and try to get my concentration back, a jet black cock slipped thru the open slot. It was half limp but I could tell it was thick; the head was dark red with a bulb shape. I reached out and began to stroke it, rubbing the head with my fingertip as it got bigger and thicker. Juices began to drip from its tip and I bent down and took the head into my mouth and began to suck and lick this massive tool. The deeper I took it, the longer it got. As I ran my tongue around the head, I slipped a finger up my ass, thinking about having it driving into me. I started to suck faster and harder until I felt the head swell. I started to stroke faster while I flipped my tongue along the head, the mystery person let out a deep moan and began to shoot his load onto my chin and neck. As he pulled away from the wall, I used my hand to scoop up what I could and rubbed it onto my balls and cock, then cleaning the rest up with the bottom of my t-shirt, tucking it into my sweats and headed for the front door.

When I hit the parking lot, my head was still in a spin, and my cock was bouncing in my pants. I hurried to get to my car so I could find a discreet location and slide a dildo in my ass and finish jacking off. As I reached for the car door, someone grabbed my shoulder. As I turned, the clerk from earlier asked me if I enjoyed the booth. I told him yes, very much so, trying to hide my hard-on. He began asking me about my sexual encounters, and I told him they were very few so far, but I did enjoy giving head and getting my ass fucked when I had the opportunity. We then chatted about the movies I had watched and the ones I bought. He remarked on how hard my cock was as it made a tent in my pants and that I must really want to try a group of big cocks. I only smiled slightly in response and he gave an invite to meet him for coffee at a cafe he frequented a few blocks away. I agreed and got directions, thinking about sucking his big cock again and even riding it to the bottom. 

I drove down the street past several older warehouses and made a left onto the road he told me. As I came to a dead-end, I saw a half-lit sign for the place above a door to an old building with dirty windows and an empty parking lot. I pulled into the fenced lot, not real sure of this idea at 2am in this area of town, being a white guy, 5 foot 6 inches and only 145 pounds, allowing my cock and horny thoughts convince me to stay. As I sat in the car waiting, a van pulled in next to me, blocking my view of the street. Two guys got out, giving me a goofy look, making comments about me sitting there. They were both big and muscular, but in the dimly lit lot, I could not really see the faces. 

The passenger door of my car suddenly opened, and as I turned to see the clerk, the drivers door opened and I was pushed down onto the front seat, a hand grabbing my shoulders pulling me towards the side and covering my mouth as the someone grabbed my feet and legs, pulling them slightly out the drivers side. In an instant, they grabbed my sweat pants and pulled them off and then pulled my t-shirt up across my face and head. The clerk began to tell me to relax and enjoy the event, that he would guarantee me a great time, just like the guy in the movie I had watched. I heard another guy ask for some duct tape, he then wrapped it around my shirt, securing it over my head and across my mouth. They then began to drag me from my car, out the passenger side, carrying me through the parking lot. I could hear a door opening and see light through the shirts material as we entered a building. There were several other voices and they began to laugh as I was placed onto a table. They were all remarking about how white and smooth my ass was, the size of my freshly shaved cock and how wide my asshole was going to be when they were done with it. They removed the tape from face, sliding me sideways along the table until my head was hanging off the edge and then pulled my shirt off. As my eyes adjusted to the light, I saw a small group of guys standing near me, stroking their cocks as the clerk explained all I had to do was suck them each off as I had done him in the booth. I was nervous as hell but also turned on by the event and as the fist cock pushed into my lips, I opened my mouth and could feel my cock beginning to harden. As the cock moved deeper into my mouth and slowly start to fuck me, I felt my legs being pulled up, exposing my ass, a cool liquid began to drip onto it's tight opening. They reached into my bag and removed my new inflatable dildo and lubed it up. As it began to pierce my hole, the clerk explained that as I sucked off each guy, they were going to fuck me with it and inflate it more and more until I was finished with them. I could feel the thick dildo begin to enter me and in a firm push, it was buried, pushing past my inner barrier. My cock jumped with this feeling and was hard as a rock, twitching and wanting relief. Just then, the cock in my mouth began to pulse, but before he exploded he pulled out and blew into a tall glass. Within seconds, another cock entered my open mouth and began to fuck it deeper and deeper, causing me to slightly choke. Again, he pulled out and emptied into the glass. One after another, I sucks and licked all 9 guys, three of them going twice, filling the glass with their juices, the whole time they were inflating the dildo and fucking my ass with it, in and out, opening me up more and more until it was at it's massive size of 8.5" X 3.5". 

One guy grabbed my legs, pulling them up into my chest as the dildo was slightly deflated and pulled out of it's confinement, leaving my asshole slightly gaping. I watched as the clerk walked behind me, inserted a funnel and began to pour the glass of cum into my open hole. Once he had drained the glass, they began to slowly re-insert the dildo causing some of the goo to ooze out around it, fucking me and inflating it again to it's fullest, only this time they had placed the harness on it, strapping it tightly so it would not pop-out as I moved. The clerk told me to get up and come with him as the other guys disappeared out another door. As we approached the main door to the parking lot, I was told my clothes were in my car and I had to walk to it completely nude with a dildo shoved deep inside me. I poked my head out the door, saw nobody, and as I tried to hurry to my car, the dildo moved around, causing me to walk a bit slower. As I got to my car and opened the door, the clerk climbed into the passenger seat, explained to me that the events had only begun and I was going to another party to be the center of attention there, and I was only to put on my shirt for the ride.

I started to object, but decided to take another chance. I had enjoyed the event so far and my cock still was needing it's own attention. I put the car in drive and pulled out, following the directions the clerk gave while my head spun with thoughts and fantasies of what could happen. Every bump in the road caused shivers to run through me as the dildo moved about my inner depths.

As we made our way through the warehouse district, we turned down a small dirt road along the tracks, going behind the rail yard, turning into an open building at the end. It was new and some construction equipment was parked along a fence line, some lights were on towards the rear of the warehouse and I was told to pull towards them. When we got out of the car, three guys walked to me, and lead me towards a machine area. I could hear music playing in another part of the building and hear muffled voices between songs. I was then told to remove the shirt. They guys took my arms, positioning me over a bench like machine and began to tie my arms out, my legs were also pulled apart and my knees were tied under the table with my ass pointed up, my dick hanging free.

I could turn my head and see a small group of guys walking into the room, laughing and explaining to each other how hard they were going to fuck the cum slut on the table. I started to count them and at 13 I noticed more guys entering, this time with a couple females who were already naked and being fondled as they walked. As I tried to recount, someone reached and unfastened the harness, then began to pump the dildo and slowly deflate it as it was removed, exposing my cum filled hole that remained open like a hungry animal. The females walked behind me and slid fingers into my ass, moving them around, causing the goo to squish out slightly and down my balls, making my cock harden and throb as they began to stroke it's shaft and head. I was turning my head as far to the side as possible to see what they were planning and noticed one female putting on a strap-on. From the angle, I could make out the dark purple color and the massive size of the head on the long rubber beast as she moved into position behind me. She shoved a couple fingers up my butt, removing them and glazing the dong with the juices before she placed the head against my swollen opening.

I turned away and saw the other lady on her knees, sucking and fucking a small group of guys as a few others walked up and placed their cocks in front of me. Almost simultaneously, the cock entered my mouth as I felt the dong pushing up inside my ass, stretching it wider then ever, and sending a feeling of pain and pleasure through my body. They seemed to move in a rhythm, each pushing more until the lady began to fuck me deeper and faster. The cocks in front of me were changing in and out of my mouth, as they would get rock hard, I lost count of the many I was servicing. The lady was slowly fucking me, pulling the head of the strap-on out and then popping it back in and sliding deep, repeating this in slow and fast strokes. I could feel all of the cum that had been poured into my open hole earlier dripping down my balls and legs with every drive she would make, sending tingles through my body.

I heard someone call for a hose, and this got me wondering as the lady withdrew from my backside and most of the cocks in front of me backed away, apparently to watch the show that was to come next. I tried to turn my head to see, someone grabbed it and placed his cock into my mouth and slowly fucked it. As I flipped my tongue around it's small head, I felt something strange entering my gaping hole, it was smaller then the dildo that it was replacing, the feel of cool metal with a rounded tip. It must have only been about 6" long and thin, and allowed my hole to relax, my muscles instinctively tightening around it's smooth shaft as they slowly moved it in and out. The clerk walked to me, told the guy I was sucking to back away, leaned over and said for me to clinch my hole. Suddenly, I felt a warm liquid filling my ass; the liquid began to flow down my legs as I tried to tighten my ass as much as possible, which after the fucking was like a loosing battle. The clerk explained they were flushing out the remaining cum so I would be extra clean for the fucking I was about to receive by everyone in the room. 

My eyes began to dart about, trying to get an idea of how many, and counting whom I could see. The two ladies were taking care of several of the guys, I counted 4 with each lady, and near a wall, I counted 11 more guys sitting on couches and chairs, stroking their cocks to keep them hard. They were all sizes of cocks, small and thin to large, thick poles. My mind was still counting when I realized they removed the object from my ass and I released the liquid like a damn being broken. Someone began to wipe me down with a warm rag, cleaning my rear area with firm rubbing, slipping a finger or two into my hole to push the rag inside deeper and deeper. 

The guys again approached my face, taking turns fucking my open mouth as a few began to grab my ass cheeks, lightly slapping them and pulling them apart, exposing my now clean and loose hole. The guy I was sucking pulled his out of my mouth and in front of me, began to rub some lube onto his shaft then walked around to my rear. Another immediately replaced him and I could feel the dick poking at my hole, slowly guiding itself to its bottom target. The fucking began to increase in speed and force, rocking my body into the cock in my mouth. In a moment of surprise, I felt a hot sensation in my mouth, cum spurting down my throat; I began to swallow to keep from choking on the thick fluid. As he pulled out, cheers broke out and another cock replaced him, this one a big longer, but not as thick. The guy who was fucking my as gave me a hard slap and I could feel him busting loose deep inside me, his cum shooting hard and hot as he pulled out. As with my mouth, he too was quickly replaced, this time with one that was massive. I could feel the thick head pushing open my outer ring as it began to force its way inside, then it hit my inner ring sending a pain all through my body. When I began to clinch, he slapped my ass cheeks, releasing my muscles and drove it to the balls in another forceful push. It felt as though I was filled more then ever before, even more then the strap-on I had taken earlier. Slowly, he began to rock it back and forth, then pulling almost completely out and back in hard as I felt his balls slapping my cock. 

The cock in my mouth began to twitch and in an instant, unleashing it's fire water into my mouth, this time pouring out between my lips and down my chin as I was not prepared to swallow. Commenting on me wasting his cum, the guy in my ass began to pound me harder and as deep as he could, punishing me in a way. My mouth was filled again by another massive dick, long, thick and black as coal. My jaw was forced to open to accept it's size and he began to ram it into my throat, causing me to gag slightly. With each gag, someone would slap my ass cheeks, and yells would rise up with each thrust into my asshole. With one final push deep, I felt another hot load being deposited inside me. The guy in my mouth then moved behind me and began to shove his rod inside, as deep as he could in one firm push. 

After I had sucked off most of the guys, I had counted 13 that coated my throat, and had my ass filled by more then 15, the hot liquid covered my legs, face and a good bit of the rest of my body as several just dumped it where they found an open space. The clerk walked behind me and took a picture, then moved towards my face, showing me my asshole, gaped open, swollen and glazed in their juices. He past the camera around as they all laughed and commented on how much of a slut I turned out to be. Just as the females looked at the pictures, they claimed they wanted to drain me before I left.

Someone began to untie my legs; another undid my arms, allowing me to move slightly. The females walked towards me, one with a bright pink strap-on, the other with a neon green one, both about 8" but thin. They told the guys to carry me to a couch as one sat down on its edge. They positioned me in a sitting position above the strap-on, lowering me onto it, guiding its tip into my open hole. I placed my feet on the ground as I felt it bottom out and laid back onto her chest. She began to rock her man-made cock in me as the other female approached and positioned her strap-on at my already filled ass. Two people raised my legs up and back slightly, giving her better access as she commented on not needing any lube because of all the cum glazing me already. With a slight push, her dildo began to open me up and slip in along side of the other one until she had reached its limits. They began to fuck me slowly at first and then with a bit more aggression as cheers and crass comments were made by the audience. What cum was inside me began to dribble out as they worked the tools, keeping them well lubed as the one standing began to pound me as deep and hard as she could. The other grabbed my cock and began to stroke it as it hardened and with her other hand began to rub and pinch my nipples. 

The feelings and sensations were just too much for me to handle. My body began to tingle and my cock was twitching with each stroke of its shaft. With a deep thrust into my ass, I began to spurt my own fluids across my chest, hitting my face and splashing onto the tits that were hanging above me. I thought it would never end, as I had never shot this much cum when I jacked off or even fucked my last girlfriend. As my explosion finished, both females pulled out of me as the clerk again took pictures of my gaped hole, the remaining cum still dripping out.

I was lead to another room once I got my legs back. It had full wall mirrors and a shower in the corner and my sweat pants, shirt and flip-flops on a bench. When the door closed behind me, I turned to a mirror and bent over, pulling my cheeks apart. The sight of my asshole still open wide, it's outer muscles swollen and red caused my cock to harden again. I walked to the shower and turned on the steaming water and climbed in, soaping up my cock as I stroked it fast and hard until it again shot it's load onto the floor. I then washed my body and used the spa head on the shower to clean my tender hole. When I had dried off and dressed, I walked back into the large room. It was empty. A CD disc was sitting on a small table by the door with a note explaining all of the pictures were on it from the night and that the clerk would be expecting to see me again the following Friday night when he got off work. Not to be late.