  Second chapter; thanks to everyone for so much positive feedback!

*****

I woke up on a huge bed, slowly stretching out in the warm afternoon sunshine. The rays of the sun were slanting towards afternoon and streaming across me, the bedroom, and Steve's naked form.

After our shower we had collapsed on the bed and I had fallen into a brief but sound sleep. Steve had worked me so well, even a foghorn blast could not have woken me. It looked like he was feeling the same, his breath coming in a slow, deep measured pace. He was totally out.

I took the opportunity to have a long gaze at him. Lying on his back, he was very handsome, his shaved and tan body smooth and muscled. For an older man, he was in amazing shape.

My eyes could not stay away from his cock, now resting softly on his hip. Even soft it was big, bigger than mine and had a large, pinkish head tipping the veined shaft. His balls were round, laying like two plums beneath the root of his shaft. Without disturbing the bed, I moved slowly closer. I wanted to see it.

I looked at it closely, memorizing the shape, the pattern of veins. It was hard to imagine this cock as raging hard and entering me, pounding me like he did. Thinking about it made my own cock stir and grow. I couldn't look away, a feeling that was impossible to ignore came over me. 

I wanted to taste his cock. I wanted to lick it and feel it inside my mouth. I wanted it to grow there until he was hard. I wanted to taste the precum drip from his tip, and more than anything I wanted to feel him squirt his cum into my mouth, taste the salty bitter semen, and swallow it down into my stomach.

These feelings overwhelmed me like a cascade of want, urging me to do things I had never dreamed of doing to another man. My breathing was now a quiet shallow panting. God, was I wanting it. My own cock had become rock hard and ached silently between my legs.

Moving gently closer I was now only inches away. I imagined my breath was warm on his sleeping skin. I stared at his cock and the want for it, the need for it overcame everything else. 

Leaning in, I reached out with my tongue and ever so gently, caressed it over the skin of his shaft. Light as a feather, my tongue traced a line from his shaft to just touching the head. I looked up to his face, his eyes still closed and his breath shallow and even. I smiled, thinking I was going to change that.

I took his soft cock completely into my mouth. He moaned, his hips rocking slightly. His eyes opened as I sank every inch of that soft cock as deep as it would go into my mouth, right to the root.

Because he was still soft it all fit, but just barely. I caressed the skin with my tongue and felt the shaft start to swell. I rocked my head and massaged the shaft with my tongue, bringing another moan from his lips and his hand moved to rest gently on my shoulder. I was loving the feeling of having him all inside.

"Yeah," he breathed quietly. "Fuck yeah."

Too soon his cock started hitting the back of my throat and I couldn't keep the last inch inside. I had to back off a little, and then a little more as I continued the rocking motion. 

Then he was fully hard and I had to use a hand to stroke and milk the shaft as I kept the tip in my mouth. I didn't let up the pressure of the stroking, because I wanted something.

I wanted his cum. I wasn't going to stop until I pulled it out of him. 

A sweet flavor registered on my tongue and I felt an electric feeling, knowing I was pulling precum out of his cock. It was intoxicating. I pulled off his tip long enough to make sure every inch of his shaft was coated and slick with my saliva, then went back to work on him. 

"That feels so good. Don't stop," he was panting. 

I knew it was working, I was going to finish him. My own cock ached, my balls became painfully full, wanting their own release. They had to wait, I had plans.

His hips started to shake slightly and his shaft swelled in my hand and into my mouth. His muscles tensed up and his body was becoming as rigid as his cock. My hand was flying on his shaft and my tongue gave all its attentions to the head.

I felt the first small squirt into my mouth, he cried out and then came a huge squirt, and another. The bitter taste, the smell, the feelings were all there as I swallowed his cum for the first time. I drank it like a little whore, wanting it so bad. I milked his shaft for all he had, needing to pull it all out, squirt after squirt.

The pulses became smaller, his muscles started to relax. I could not imagine a more intimate moment as I kept his cock in my mouth, so gently squeezing and milking the last drops out of him on to my tongue. Finally he went limp and I let his softening cock slip out with a last kiss on the tip. 

"Jesus," he said. "That was amazing."

I smiled, swallowing the last of him. I had done it, sucked him off and made him come down my throat. I loved it. 

After that we made our way downstairs. He made a late lunch, we chatted for a while, talking about our lives and things I don't usually talk to anyone about. Then we went out to the beach, ran for a couple of miles and cooled off in the waves. Getting close to sunset, there was no-one else about and we had the beach to ourselves.

I was coming up for air when I felt him close in on me, one arm suddenly wrapping around me, one hand diving into my shorts and grabbing my cock. I gasped and he held me close, squeezing my cock in a tight grip. Fuck, it hurt, it was so good. I gave a little moan.

"When we get back I'm going to take you again," he whispered into my ear. "I'm going to fuck you hard, like the little whore you are."

I practically fainted. I never wanted his strong gripping hand to leave my cock. He saw my expression and smiled, then tugging on my cock to lead me, he started up towards the house. I was deeply unhappy when we left the water and his hand let go of me. 

We walked across the beach on and onto his porch. He used the shower to get the salt and sand off, then motioned me into the warm spray. 

As I was rinsing off, he roughly pulled my shorts down and off. He turned me around and came up tight behind me, grinding his hardening cock into my ass. One hand found my cock and delivered that delicious tight grip, the other grabbed my hair and pulled my head back for a long, passionate kiss. His tongue started to fuck my mouth and his cock was growing against my now naked body.

He stopped suddenly and turned off the water. Taking my hand, he led me quickly upstairs. But he was in too much of a hurry to even get to the bedroom, he pushed me into the side room that overlooked the neighbors backyard and shoved me up against the wall.

His cock was fully erect and ready. He pulled my hips out until I was slightly bent over and spat into his hand, smearing it all around my anus. He spat again and rubbed it over the tip of his cock.

Then one hand grabbing me by the hair, his other hand on my hip, he pushed his cock against my ass and told me what to do.

"Guide me in," he ordered. "Use your hand."

I reached between my legs and found his shaft. I bent over farther and moved it until I could feel the tip lined up to my anus. I pushed back slightly to get the tip in and to tell him he was there.

He didn't need my encouragement. His slick tip entered easily and grabbing my hips with both hands he slammed the length of his huge shaft into me. I gasped with the pain and the sudden entry as he started moving and then began a ruthless pounding into me and I could only cry out, bend over and give him more of what he wanted.

This time was different; faster, rougher. He was using me for his pleasure. I was a piece of meat and he was fucking me. He gripped my hips and pistoned his cock into me like a fucking machine. 

Sounds were coming out of me that I didn't recognize, short gasps and moans. I was crying out in the pleasure of being taken. 

His arms moved under my arms, moving up and around me and forcing my arms up over my head. He had me in a wrestling hold, iron strong muscles holding me and practically lifting me off my feet. His pistoning thrusts slowed to a deliberate in and out, each motion sending shock waves through me. I was a rag doll, I was a toy, I could feel every inch sliding into me, bottoming out, then puling me off to thrust up again. 

He let me down and I nearly fell, grabbing the wall for balance, my hands finding the edges of the window frame and holding on for dear life. I could feel the last rays of the setting sun on my skin, the sun in my eyes as he found me again, lined up into me, pushed in and started thrusting. 

One strong hand was on my shoulder, holding me tight for his thrusts. The other snaked around, found my cock and squeezed like a vice. That completely overloaded my already fevered brain and forced a long, tortured cry out of me.

I was being railed, fucked like a dirty little girl, hard and fast and deep. His hand on my cock started a pumping motion, squeezing tight and milking. 

My eyes squinted in the sunlight and saw in the next yard - there in the shadows, was that one of the girls from earlier? Steve had said the tinting on the windows kept anyone from seeing in.. but was she watching? Could she see me? Watching me get nailed, get pounded like a little slut, fucked so hard I couldn't breathe with my cock being pulled in his vice-like grip right before her eyes?

It didn't matter. Nothing mattered anymore. I could feel his thighs tense and his cock become like an iron rod, constantly pressuring my prostate. His hands got even tighter on me as his orgasm approached.

My orgasm formed like a lightning storm inside me, started at the base of my spine and moving up through my cock like a wave. A sound came out of me like an animal and my cum started spraying out of me, my cock being relentlessly milked in his tight grip. Cum was splashing everywhere as he bit into my shoulder and unloaded into me, my hips tilting back to take it and his thrusts lighting me up right onto my toes.

He pumped everything he had into me, holding there until he was completely finished with me. I fell back against him, trying to squeeze his cock with the muscles in my ass to milk every drop out of him. He smiled and kissed me.

I looked into the next yard and saw nothing; was she ever there in the first place, or had it been my imagination?

I can barely remember what happened next. We showered, he led me back to the bed and I lay down, sprawled out completely. His hand wrapped tight around my cock and that is how I fell asleep, completely spent and my cock belonging to him.