 Author's note: this is a nonconsent/reluctance story, but it contains gay sex scenes, so I put it under the gay male tag. 

----

John slid his key in the lock and opened the door. Kicking off his boots, he trudged into the kitchen to get a beer. It was Friday, and he had Monday off, so he was looking forward to relaxing for the next 3 days. 

After grabbing his beer, he made his way to the couch and sat down to watch the news. Taking a mouthful, he set the bottle on the table and sat back, but heard a noise behind him. Before he had a chance to turn around, he felt a hard blow and everything went black. 

----

John awoke groggily. His head was throbbing from where he'd been hit. He'd been hit! Now he was wide awake and alert, but he couldn't see a thing. He'd been blindfolded. He went to remove it, but his hands were bound above his head. Breathily rapidly, John started to panic, and tried to assess the situation. 

He'd heard something behind him, then had been hit across the head and knocked, and now he was here. He could tell from the cushiony feeling that he was on his bed. He also had no shirt on anymore. He pulled at the bonds holding his hands to the bars above the bed, but the zipties wouldn't budge. He made to sit up so he could reach his hands with his face to remove the blindfold, but he felt a strong pair of hands grip his ankles and pull him back. "I don't think so. You can keep that on" said a male voice. 

"Who the fuck are you are what the fuck are you doing?" John demanded angrily. He'd never been one to shy away from confrontation, and at a time when he felt he probably should, he still didn't. 

"You interrupted us, so we felt like having some fun"

"Us? Who the fuck is 'us'? What the fuck are you talking about me interrupting you? This is my fucking house! And what do you mean by fun?"

"Who we are and what we were doing is irrelevant. And this is what we mean by fun". As soon as the man finished speaking, John felt hands at the fly of his pants. 

He recoiled instantly, making to slide up the bed, but a second pair of hands grabbed his ankles and pulled him back again, allowing the first pair to undo his button and zipper. "No!" he cried out, but they didn't stop. Grabbing the waistband, the hands slid them down past his hips, then both pairs of hands let go, only to grab at the bottom of his pants and pull them completely off, leaving John wearing nothing but his underwear. "What the fuck are you doing?!" John shouted, dreading he already knew the answer. 

"I told you. Fun." came the reply from the same voice. 

"No, please. Just take whatever you want and leave me alone"

"We're going to. It's just that you are what we want."

John struggled at the ties holding his hands until they were cutting into his wrists, but they didn't even begin to loosen. He felt the hands slide in the waistband of his underwear, then quickly pull the down, leaving John naked and completely exposed. He tried to curl up to hide himself, but hands were on his ankles again, and their grip was far stronger than what John could fight against. Then, a finger. On his upper thigh, lightly tracing up and down, stopping just before his groin. Then another, on the other leg, so that both were being tickled together. 

The hands holding his ankles forced his legs together, and he felt pressure on his knees. One of the men had sat on him, leaving him incapable of movement without requiring the other man to hold him down. The tickling on his legs resumed, and was met with another pair of hands, this time just above his dick, rubbing with every finger. Despite the horror of the situation, John was fully capable of feeling what every single finger was doing. One of the hands above his dick left, and returned, but this time tracing a single finger down the length of his shaft. "GET THE FUCK OFF ME YOU SICK FUCKS". They didn't get off him. They didn't even react to him shouting. They just kept tickling, and it wasn't long before John's cock stared growing. He hated the fact they were getting a physical reaction from him, but he had no control over it. 

Once his dick had risen enough, the other hand dropped under and started lightly tickling his sack and perineum, increasing the rate of growth, and soon enough he was completely hard. The tickling on his legs and privates kept going for a few seconds, then he felt the fingers leave his legs and change around, ending up with two hands on his balls and two on his dick, 20 fingers softly caressing his genitals. It didn't take long before John's whimpers and moans of resistance turned into pleasant sighs. 

He was ashamed of himself. He wanted them to stop, but their fingers were magic and they were driving him wild with arousal, and there was nothing he could do to stop them. They never let up; for a long time they did nothing but tickle him in absolute silence. His dick was so hard it hurt, and it was leaking precum from the tip. One of the tickling hands left his shaft and moved up to the head, lightly pinching the tip with all 5 fingers and pushing down, aided by John's natural lubricant. He couldn't help it. He let out a soft moan and a "please stop", but he knew it was fruitless. He wasn't even sure if he wanted them to stop at this point. He'd never been this horny. Then the blissful feelings stopped as all fours hands left him, and he involuntarily thrust his hips up, wanting more. He was granted his desire as the head of his rod was enveloped by a warm, wet mouth.

His stomach muscles tightened instantly and he let out a hoarse groan. It was incredible. Whoever this guy was, he was a professional cocksucker, far better than any girl that John had been with. The tongue swirling around the head as the lips moved up and down was putting John on the verge of tears in sheer disbelief at how good it was. A few minutes ago, he'd been swearing and screaming at his attackers in an effort to avoid being raped. Now he wasn't sure he'd stop them even if he wasn't tied up. 

The ravenous blowjob continued, the thick, full lips gliding over his wet cock, pushing him to an orgasm. He needed to cum. He didn't want to suffer the humiliation of these men making him cum, but he needed it. He had stopped all pretense of resistance long ago, and was now softly moaning as his release grew closer. Soon, his moans rose in tempo and dropped an octave, and his hips started thrusting rapidly as his body prepared itself, and the lips removed themselves from him, causing his hips to thrust up again. He wondered why they stopped, but he said nothing. Neither did they. He sat there, blind, wondering what was happening, and eventually his hard-on started to go down, only for the mouth to reattach and start sucking again, making him cry out in pleasure. In under a minute, his body started giving off the telltale signs of an approaching orgasm, only for the mouth to remove itself again, making John groan in sexual frustration. Why were they teasing him so? Did they want him to beg? Had they not humiliated him enough?

He felt the weight on his knees lift, and after a pause, he felt arms wrap around them and lift him up, so his arse and back were off the bed. The other man climbed underneath him, and after some squirming around, John was lowered back on top of him. The man was naked. He was suddenly brought back to reality and tried to squirm away to get off him, but the ties on his hands and the hands on his legs kept him where he was. He struggled for several moments, but in the end all he accomplished was tiring himself out, and he gave up and lay still. 

He could feel the man's breath on his neck, and his hands running over his hips and across his stomach, then up to his chest, down his sides and into his groin, where his legs joined his body. Despite the fact the hands were very male, with rough skin and strong fingers, John couldn't help but give in to the sexuality of it. The other man's mouth returned to sucking him, and in moments he was squirming around on top of the man under him, the feelings of the blowjob exacerbated by the arousal of the hands running all over him, always going back to his groin, and the feeling exploded when he felt the cocksucker place his finger at his backdoor and push in forcefully. Despite the pain and shock, John's astronomical levels of arousal stopped him from fighting against it, and his legs opened of their own accord, allowing better access. The finger began to slide in and out, and with every push John let out a loud and hoarse moan. He'd never had anything in his arse before, and this new experience was sending him mad. As his orgasm approached for third time, the mouth stopped sucking him and the finger withdrew, making him cry out again. How much longer could they keep this up? He was nearly crying from sexual frustration. 

While the sucking had stopped, the hands exploring his body didn't. They kept up their incessant roaming, keeping John at peak levels of arousal. After a moment, he felt a brush of hair across his balls, then another and another, constantly going up and down his sack. When the man under him moaned softly, he realised it was the top of the other man's head going up and down as he sucked his partner. He realised how this must've looked: naked and bound atop a naked man getting a blowjob from another man, and he was so horny he would've willingly fucked a man in the arse if it meant he could relieve himself from this torture. 

After a few moments, the brushing across his balls stopped, and the roaming hands stopped and placed themselves firmly on his hips, and pushed him upwards. He gasped in panic. No. As horny as he was, he didn't want this. He returned to the realness of the situation - he was about to be raped. But instead of a hard cock puncturing his arsehole, a tongue did. Sloppy and wet, it circled his bud, occasionally pushing just inside, only to retreat and start circling again. He didn't know how to comprehend this. It felt absolutely divine, but not in a way that he though my it would make him cum. The tonguing kept up for a minute or two, and when it pulled away, it was replaced with something hard and smooth. His panic returned. Before he had a moment to fight it, the hands on his hips started pulling him down onto the cock. But John had a final defence. He planted his feet on the bed and pushed his hips back up, escaping. He breathed a sigh of relief, but the cocksucker's arms looped under his knees and lifted them, taking away John's leverage. The arms slowly lowered him, and with his hips bent, his arse stuck out at a perfect angle for penetration. 

He felt the head of the cock below him fit into place at his hole, and with his bodyweight pulling him down, it was only a second or two before the head popped in, aided by the lubrication the tongue had provided both arse and cock. John grunted in a mixture of pain and surprise. He wanted them to stop, but they never did, slowly lowering him down, until he felt his arsecheeks press against his rapist's naked flesh. He was in considerable pain, so he stayed perfectly still to avoid more pain from movement. He sat there for a few seconds, and the hands left his hips and started caressing his body once more, and his dick was consumed by the mouth for the fourth time. 

After a few moments, he noticed his arse was hurting less and less, and he was soon able to completely forget he was impaled on a cock. His moans returned. The mouth sucking him stopped going down the shaft, and stopped at the head, the lips wetly sucking the very top of John's cock. He wanted more. He needed more. Without any meaning of his own, his hips rose to allow deeper access to the mouth, inadvertently making him rise on the dick inside him. He didn't care. He needed that blowjob to keep going. Even though he had now caused the lips to move down his shaft, they remained still. He pushed higher, and still they remained unmoving. He began to lower himself, realising he wasn't getting anywhere, when he felt the man suck him as he went down, but then stop when John reached the end of his journey downwards. So he pushed up again, hoping to get more, but the mouth did nothing. When he lowered himself again, the mouth sucked on the way down for the second time. Suddenly John realised. They were going to make him fuck himself on the cock in order to get to the mouth. And so he continued, thrusting up to fuck the mouth, then impaling himself to be rewarded with being sucked. 

It only took a few thrusts for him to enjoy the feeling he was getting in his arse, effortlessly gliding up and down the smooth cock. It began to push him towards an orgasm, and once again his tormentors denied him by stopping the blowjob. This time however, when the mouth retreated, the hands on his hips held him firmly in place in the up position, and the man underneath him began thrusting up, taking control and fucking John's arse. He let out a long, slow moan. Being fucked by a cock was a thousand times greater than fucking one. 

The man fucked his arse like a slow moving piston, relentless and never changing in angle or intensity, and John was unable to hold back his cries and moans of pleasure. He could feel it repeatedly pressing against his prostate, and he wanted nothing more than for this feeling to last forever. His dick was bouncing up and down in time with the thrusts, and his hips were making small jerking motions in response to the ecstasy. For several minutes he stayed with his hips in the air, his arse pounded the entire time, and eventually the mouth returned to his cock, but it didn't tease him for long. 

The lips puckered and ran over the head, then slowly parted and slid down his entire length, until he could feel himself being deepthroated. John couldn't help himself, and he cried out "oh god oh god fuck me keep fucking me please don't stop!" He felt no shame, only indescribable pleasure. Within seconds he could feel it coming. His orgasm was approaching with a vengeance, and he expected them to stop, but they finally gave him the release he had wanted for so long. 

If his throat hadn't locked up, he would've screamed. His orgasm came like a freight train, and hit him so hard he saw spots behind the blindfold. He felt his dick blowing shot after shot of cum down the man's throat, who swallowed and kept sucking. His arsehole contracted and loosened rapidly, making the cock feel even more incredible. His body simply gave out as every single muscle went into spasm, but the hands held him up. They fucked and sucked him all the way through his orgasm, only slowing when he stopped twitching. The man underneath withdrew himself from John's arse, and the mouth greedily slurped up the cum that had leaked out and was now dripping down John's dick. 

Sliding out from under him, they let John fall onto the bed. He felt one of his ties being cut, and one of the men said "scissors are on the bed for when you're able to cut yourself free", and he heard them leave without another word. They had broken into his house, sexually tortured him, then gave him the most unbelievable orgasm he'd ever had by sucking his cock and fucking his arse at the same time, and then left. He never saw their faces or heard their names. He made to find the scissors, but he was only able to pat the bed twice before he drifted off into unconsciousness, sleeping all the way through the night, so fatigued was he from his experience. 

When he woke the next morning, he ripped off the blindfold and found the scissors, cutting himself free. He ran through his house, but he saw no sign that anyone had been here. Everything was exactly as he had left it, and nothing had been taken. 'Except my anal virginity', he thought.