 Riding my bike in beautiful, sunny Hawaii, enjoying the sunshine and warm breeze as the miles passed easily under my wheels. 

"What a perfect life," I thought. "Can't get any better than this." 

Time to go back to the rented condo? No way, not yet. The road that passed the beachfront houses beckoned. I'd only been there a couple of times and the road was peaceful and long, without much traffic. The houses were beautiful with patches of beach peeking through. Just the thing.

About five miles in something sounded odd, the bike felt wobbly. Pulled over to find the back tire going flat. Well, no problem, there is a spare in the small pack under the seat - but damn! The pack somehow got open and there was nothing inside; all my tools, the spare tube, everything gone. Oh man, this was going to turn into a long, long walk home.

"Problem with the bike?" 

The voice came from behind me. It took a second for my eyes to adjust to a figure in the shadows of a garage; a man, a little older than me, working on his car.

"Yeah, looks like I got a flat. My spare is gone, I'm kinda screwed."

He smiled. Something about that smile. Like he knew something that hadn't happened yet. 

"No, you're not. Not yet anyway." That smile again. "I've got some spare tubes in the back. Probably fit what you've got, at least good enough to get you home. Want to try it?"

What a stroke of luck! "Absolutely, thanks!"

He waved me to follow inside. I followed through the garage, into the spacious home. Kicking off my shoes in the garage, I stepped on to the marble tiled floors, cool under my socks.

"I'm Steve," he said. 

"Rob," I replied. We shook hands.

"Make yourself at home. I'll have to look for them, it's been a while."

"Thank you very much," I said.   

"Water is on the door of the fridge, or there's beer inside if you prefer." He disappeared inside the house. Beer sounded pretty good, so I opened the fridge and grabbed one of the many stocked inside. Looking around, open design, the place was a total bachelor palace; huge TV, sofa, overstuffed everything. No sign of a woman's touch. I have to admit, it looked comfortable as anything. I was admiring and didn't hear him return, his voice startled me.

"Nothing your size, not in the tube department," he said. He showed a couple of other sizes for mountain bikes, nothing that would fit mine. "Tell you what; I'm going into town in a bit. Why don't you relax a little while I finish up, then I'll give you a ride."

I sized him up. Truth is, he was a good looking man. A little bigger than me, and I'm no slouch. He kept himself in great shape and his arms and legs looked muscular in his tank top and shorts. Maybe I was looking just a beat too long, he started that smile again. 

It was his eyes that smiled. They were clear and blue and looking right through me. I couldn't look away. What the hell was happening?

"Sure," I managed to stammer. I nervously moved towards the couch and TV. "Maybe there is something on?"

"Yeah, let's set you up here." He turned on the TV and handed me the remote. I was about to sit down but remembered I'd been riding for hours and was all sweaty.

"Do you have a towel or something? I don't want to mess up your nice couch."

"That couch could survive a nuke blast," he laughed. "But there's a shower on the porch leading to the beach and towels next to it. Go ahead and wash up."

He went to the kitchen and pulled out a beer for himself. I went to the porch and saw the outdoor shower and huge fluffy towels next to it. What a sweet setup for coming in from a day at the beach. I turned on the water and waited for it to get warm.

"You have a really nice thing going here," I called inside. 

"Thanks," he replied. "I'm comfortable."

I stripped off my shirt and socks, and leaving on my bike shorts stepped into the spray. The water felt great, there was soap handy and what a fun feeling to be showering outdoors in the sunshine. I realized after a few minutes that I was lingering when a funny feeling came over me. I suddenly was self-conscious, wondering what I looked like in my skin-tight, now soaking wet shorts. It wasn't a subtle feeling, I was hoping I looked good.

OK, I thought, what the hell is this all about? Since when do I think about what a guy thinks of me? But the truth is there was no stopping my reaction, it went through me like a shivering current. I could feel my cock shift in my shorts, filling slightly. 

I glanced over to the kitchen and there he was. When our eyes met he smiled and moved on, making something in the kitchen. Something was happening and I was not at all sure I was in charge.

I toweled off and went inside, wrapping the big towel around my waist. He came over and offered another beer. I found myself drinking half of it in one gulp. 

We made small talk for a few minutes, what we did, where I was from. He was a doctor, making his practice locally. It was hard for me to meet his eyes. Whenever I looked away, I could feel his gaze on me. 

A noise from next door got his attention. It sounded like voices of young girls. 

He turned to me, said earnestly, "I feel like I can trust you. Want to see something?"

I was in such a weird space. I wanted him to trust me. 

"Yes," I answered.

He led me upstairs to a spare bedroom overlooking the neighbor's back porch. "All my windows have tinting; you can see out but people can't see in." 

Next door, two college-age girls were putting out towels on some beach chairs and had music playing on their phone. It looked like they had been drinking, they were giggling and laughing.

"They've been here about a week," he said. "Wait until they settle in."  Sure enough, they got into the chairs, relaxed a bit. One took off her top and out came some of the sweetest pink-tipped breasts ever seen. The other one did the same, small brown nipples on lovely firm breasts. 

My cock could care less where I was or who I was with, all it cared about were those amazing breasts on sun-kissed bodies. The naughtiness of watching like a voyeur made it even more exciting. It swelled instantly against my shorts, I could feel it filling out and getting uncomfortable. 

"Jesus," I said.

"Yeah," he replied. "I don't like to invade anyone's privacy, but those two are amazing. I have to admit to watching them a bit. I think they know, they've been flirty and invited me over a couple of times. "

I glanced down and saw he was getting hard too. A bulge was definitely showing. I looked back at the girls and my cock was just too uncomfortable, growing hard in the wrong direction. Without thinking I had to reach down and adjust myself. The towel fell off and I was just in my bike shorts, my hand adjusting my hardening cock. Steve just looked over and smiled. 

"I know, right?" he said. "They do that to me too." His hand reached down and started slowly stroking along his cock outside his shorts. The bulge grew and I could tell he had a large one.

His eyes went back to the girls. "They can't see us at all." His hand squeezed the length of his cock through the shorts. My eyes were glued to his hand, to the growing length he was stroking. 

I've never slept with a man. I've never done anything with another guy, except maybe some innocent fumbling around when I was very young. Now I found myself staring at an older man and wondering about his cock, how long it was, if he was circumcised. Heaven help me, what it would taste like. 

Glancing back at the girls, they were dozing in the sun, beautiful breasts rising and falling with their breath. My eyes returned to his hand. Looking up I saw he was watching me too, and realized my hand was still in my shorts, wrapped around my growing cock. He gave that smile again.  "Let's go to the other room."

He picked up my towel and moved towards the door. When he went past me his hand brushed against my cock for the briefest of moments. It was casual and could have been accidental, but I was sure it was on purpose. That casual touch was enough to get me over the edge and completely hard, impossible to get myself under control. Not only was I hard but there was no way to conceal it. I was walking around a strange man's home half naked in my skin-tight shorts with a raging cock.

I just followed him into the bedroom. He sat on the bed and I came up in front of him. His eyes were on my cock.

"That's lovely," he said, and looked up into my eyes. "It's very nice."

I couldn't move. It was like I was under a spell. His hands reached over and rested on my hips. He gently pulled me closer to him until i was just a foot away, my cock right in front of him.

"It's OK," he said. "Let me see."

I was frozen. His fingers found the waistband and he pulled the front of my shorts down. He looked at my cock, now throbbing in the air. I keep myself completely shaved down there and knew he was seeing my smooth skin and balls. I looked down and saw drop of precum had formed on the tip of my cock. 

"Lovely," he said. I could feel his breath on my cock. I jumped when I felt a slightest touch on my balls.

"Easy," he said in a deep, calming voice. "Just relax." 

I closed my eyes. His breath returned and I felt the softest touches against my balls. He started kissing them so gently. His mouth moved along the underside of my cock, grazing the sensitive skin there. His fingers gently brushed and then squeezed the tip and a bolt of electricity shot through me. A small moan escaped my lips.

He moved and my cock was inside his mouth. All I could feel was warm, wet heaven wrapped around my cock. He sucked gently, then swallowed the entire shaft, all the way to the root. He had taken it all, something no woman had ever been able to do when I was fully hard. 

"Oh... Oh God," came from my lips. "That feels so good."

Holding my hips, he rocked his head back and forth, making my cock slide in and out of his incredible mouth. It was so much so fast, I could feel the cum start to move in my balls. He was going to bring me to orgasm in seconds.

"Stop.. Please, I'm going to cum," I whispered. "You're going to make me cum."

He pulled my shorts down to my knees, wrapped his hand tight around my cock. Another moan came from me. He stood up and with his other arm, wrapped me up and grabbed my hair. Then he kissed me.

I've never kissed another man. I never dreamed of kissing another man. But his hand gripping my cock and his lips pushing against mine brought a wave of dizziness and euphoria. His tongue pushed past my lips and he was probing the inside of my mouth.

I went weak in his arms. That's the only way to describe what happened. With my shorts around my knees I was having a hard time standing. My arms went around him for support. He was strong and held me tight as his tongue was fucking my mouth. I couldn't help myself and started kissing him back.

He turned us around, pulled my shorts completely off and and sat me on the bed. His shirt and shorts disappeared. He was completely shaved and for the first time I saw his tan muscular body and his large cock. Like his body it was slightly bigger than mine, hard and cut. My eyes were completely fixated by that cock. 

He held my shoulders and approached me slowly, his big hard cock throbbing in the air in front of me.

"Have you ever touched a man's cock?" he asked quietly.

"No," I whispered.

"Look how hard you are," he said. "Look how bad you want it." 

There was no hiding it from him. My cock was rock hard, standing straight up and glistening with his saliva. I was breathing heavily, looking up to him.

One of his hands cradled my head, holding it in place. The tip of his cock approached even closer. I could practically feel the heat coming from it. My shaking hand reached out and my fingertips touched it gently. It was warm, the skin like silk. My fingers wrapped around it. 

It was hard under the silky skin. I twisted the skin gently and squeezed and pulled, milking it. My other hand cradled his large balls, softly exploring them. 

He gave a moan. A pride came to me that I could please him, this man. He moved closer, bringing the tip within an inch of my lips. His hand was holding my head. 

"Kiss it," he instructed. "Just the tip. Touch it to your lips."

My eyes looked up at his. I could not stop myself. I leaned forward and my lips touched the tip of his cock. I held them there, feeling the sensation of a man's penis resting on my mouth. My tongue touched the tip, feeling it. I tasted a salty sweet drop and a surge shot through me when I understood I was tasting his precum. He waited a few moments, then rocked his hips forward an inch and the head went past my lips.

"That's it, Rob," he said. "My cock is in your mouth. Doesn't that feel good?"

It did. My lips circled around it and my tongue started exploring the soft head. Something came over me and my hands grasped his hips and I pulled him to me, trying to get as much of this man's cock in my mouth as I could.

"Yeah," he groaned. "Fuck yeah. Take it."

Both of his hands were holding my head and he started slowly fucking my mouth. I could feel the shaft, now slick with my saliva, moving in and out past my lips. With each thrust he would touch the back of my throat. Without warning he pulled out, lifted me up and held me standing before him. My hands reseted on his chest and he looked deep into my eyes.

"I'm going to take you," he said. "I'm going to take you like a woman. I'm going to fuck your brains out. You're going to be my woman. You want that - don't you."

It wasn't a question. He knew. I nodded.

"Say it, Rob."

"I want you."

"You want me to what, Rob?"

"I want you to fuck me." 

His arms went around me and his mouth started biting on my neck. My head lolled back, I was completely out of my body. One of his hands found my cock, squeezed so hard. It was agony, it was wonderful, it hurt just a little, I never wanted it to stop. 

"How do you want me to fuck you, Rob?"

"Like a woman. Like your woman. Fuck me like your woman."

"Like my little slut? Do you want to be fucked like my little slut?"

Oh, God. Oh. How did he know? I couldn't speak the words. I could only look at his chest and nod my head.

He kissed me hard and I kissed back just as hard. He pushed me back onto the bed and kneeled beside me, one hand holding my hair and the other squeezing my cock.

His hand moved down between my legs, started pushing them apart.

"Open. Open for me. You're going to learn how to cum with your legs open."

He started to massage my perineum, his hungry mouth finding mine and his tongue fucking my mouth. My hand somehow found his cock and I held it, squeezing it, milking it, not letting go.

He reached over and found something in the bedside table, when he was back kissing me I felt a cool, slick sensation between my legs. He was massaging oil between my legs.

"We're going to get you nice and wet, baby. My little girl needs to be nice and wet, don't you?"

I pretended not to know what he was talking about, only losing myself in the sensations. His slick fingers found my anus, started massaging the oil all around my puckered hole. I could only hold his cock and return his kisses as his finger found the opening and started pushing inside me.

The first penetration hurt and I tensed up. 

"Shhh..." he whispered in my ear. "Just let it happen. Open up. Let it in."

I tried to relax and his gentle but constant pressure let his finger slide all the way inside of me. Then he did something that made my whole body react, he found my prostate and started massaging it with his finger. I gasped.

"There we go," he breathed. 

He reached for more oil, then pushed my legs apart even further.

"Open up more," he said. He stretched me wide, then his slick hands went back between my legs and two fingers found my hole, pushing inside. I looked up and our eyes met as he started fucking me with his fingers. My back arched and my hips bucked with every stroke.

A third finger joined the other two. I was being opened, stretched, prepared. He moved a pillow under my hips to raise them. He got more oil, slathered it on his cock and I knew what was coming next. 

Then he moved on top of me. I wanted him inside me so bad. My hand guided his cock between my legs to my wet, oil soaked hole. I felt his weight on me and the head of his cock pushing against me as he rocked his hips forward. The head was just pushing against my anus.

He stopped, looked into my eyes and then gave a gentle push, the head entering me. I tensed and he eased up, then started rocking slowly back and forth, each push forward slid a little more of his cock into me. 

"You're mine now. My cock is inside you. You're my little whore."

"It hurts," I nearly sobbed. "Stop, please."

He stopped, pulled out completely. I was awash with emotions, relieved that my ass was no longer taking his huge meat, but longing for it to come back and fill me again, to come inside me. He got more oil and rubbed it on his cock and my anus, then positioned his cock and pushed in further. 

I grunted in pain as it hit a ring inside of me. I was too tense. He lay on me, wrapped his arms around me holding me tight, kissed me lightly then covered my mouth with his and gave a huge thrust. His cock rammed into my depths and I almost screamed into his mouth.

"Yeah, you belong to me now. This is mine."

He lay still for a moment, then started rocking back and forth. The pain lessened and started turning into something else. I moved my hips and found it helped slide his cock deeper.

"Yeah, ride my cock," he said. "You want it, don't you."

"Yes... yes. Fuck me. Fuck me hard." 

He grabbed my hair with both hands and started thrusting hard. He moved until his cock was hitting my prostate with every push. It felt like a whole new world was opening to me. My cock was being pressed into my stomach and he alternated thrusting with grinding his hips, sending fireworks through my cock, my ass and right up my spine. 

I heard a voice like a woman getting fucked, a soft moaning again and again. I realized that was my voice as Steve was driving his cock into me. 

"You're my little bitch now. I'm fucking my little whore."

"Yes, oh fuck yes..." was all I could manage. I pulled his ass towards me with every thrust. "Deeper, God, deeper..." I wanted that cock inside me, as far as it could go. I wanted his cum squirting into my body. 

He was grunting louder and louder. I tried to squeeze my ass tight to bring him over the edge. I felt his cock grow and become like a steel rod inside me. It rammed my prostate and everything started going dark in my vision as I came so hard, my cum squirting between us and coating our stomachs. That was all it took to drive him to his climax.

"Take my come, you little whore!" he yelled as he came inside my ass. I felt the pulses with each squirt of his cock coating my insides. I could just lay there, feeling his cum pump into me.

He rocked back and forth, riding out the orgasm in my ass. I held him there, wanting him to finish. After a few moments he rolled to the side, his cock sliding out of me. I suddenly felt used, sore, embarrassed. His hand slid down my cum-covered stomach and covered my softening cock.

"That was amazing. Was that your first time?" 

I nodded. 

"You did great. Come here, let's get you washed up."

He took my hand and led me to the large, sunlit bathroom. Turning on the shower, he gently and thoroughly washed me, then washed himself. He took more time and washed my ass, even kneeling down for a moment to kiss and then lick my hole. Even after what happened, it brought a surge of blood back to my cock. His hand reached around, found my swelling cock and he gave a chuckle.

"Yeah, you have more in you."

He was right.