 About two weeks had passed since my scary encounter in the hood. I tried not to think about it too much, but all too often memories of myself being forcefully fucked and made to suck a black dick would come into my mind. Sometimes I'd wake up in the night after having nightsweats involving big black dicks and loads of cum and I'd see that my own dick would be hard. I wasn't sure what all this meant but it scared me that I didn't know how to deal with it.

I tried to keep myself really busy by seeing more girls, hanging out with my friends and playing loads of sport and for a while it worked. And I actually thought that maybe I could bury that incident in the hood until... one day I am walking in town, on my way to see a couple of friends at a shoe store and out infront of me, I see him! Duke. The nigga who had fucked me in the hood. He was standing just a few feet away. As I was walking by this black SUV, he'd simply stepped and appeared like a ghost out of nowhere.

"Yo, what it do shawty?" he asked me, smiling like the devil.

I didn't say anything but my immediate reaction was to gasp and swallow. This nigga had an effect on me right on the spot. I felt fear as my heart began to beat but I also felt excitement and a little arousal. There was a strange, tingling feeling at the pit of stomach that I felt that only recently had become associated with thoughts of me being fucked by dudes. I tried to suppress it. I started walk past him and intended to ignore him but he caught up to me.

"Whoa shawty, not so fast yo," he said and grabbed my arm.

"Nigga you best step off with that shit. This aint your hood anymore," I warned him but he only laughed at me.

"Shit nigger, what you going to do? Hell, I bet you won't be so feisty if I come up inside this mall and tell your frat boy friends that only a few weeks ago, I had you bent over and stuck on my dick, with you moaning like a two dollar bitch." He said, making me dumb and speechless... how the hell did he know I was meeting people at the mall? "And how about I tell them you couldn't wait to suck on my dick AFTER I had nutted that shit deep in your guts?"

"Aight, I get your point nigga. What do you want?" I asked, feeling annoyed. Had to make sure he didn't get the upper hand again.

"A minute of your time shawty, in private. In my car." He said and I could only agree. I got in his SUV, makings sure to let him know we weren't going anywhere. There was someone else sitting in the front seat but Duke got in the back seat with me.

"Yo Duke, we driving?" the driver asked.

"No, we're not." Duke said, much to my satisfaction.

"So, what you want?" I asked. He put his hand into his pocket and got his phone out. "What you want nigga?" I asked again impatiently and annoyed because he was wasting my time texting others. "Here you go son, have a look," He said and handed me his video phone. I wanted to say what but when he showed me a video of him fucking some chick, I looked at it in confusion. Then I saw to my horror that he was fucking Sasha! My cheating, crack-whore ex-girlfriend. And she was loving that dick too. I was beginning to feel rage build up inside me when... he pulled back the phone.

"Oops, played the wrong video. It's the next one," and he pressed play.

Again he was fucking some bitch and from what I could hear, she was loving that pipe too. Damn! He had her screaming and moaning like a tramp piece from the street. He was fucking her on the same couch he had been fucking my whore of a girlfriend, giving it to this girl missionary style. I had to contain myself though, couldn't let him see that the sight of his rising buttocks as he pile drived into this bitch was making me horny. Then I heard him moan and saw his ass clench as he came. That's when he pulled out and stood up, lifted her up and on to her knees... only it wasn't a her, it was a dude. Oh shit! It was me. My mouth was open then in shock, just like in the video, only there I had Duke's dick inside it. I was transfixed. I wanted to look away but I couldn't believe this was happening... how had this motherfucker filmed me? I looked at Duke, feeling hopeless. He was smiling unsympathetically.

"So, do you like it?" he asked. I swallowed and looked at him intensely.

"What do you want?" I asked, hoping he would say money.

"Well I think you know," he said and unzipped his fly and fetched out his nine inch dick. I looked at it for one second and didn't hesitate too much because I knew what he wanted. "I think we driving now Vince," he said to the driver. "Ain't that so? Unless you want to suck my dick right here in the middle of the city. In the middle of all these people?" he asked me.

"Yeah, let's go," I said feeling a little frustrated, but I looked at his dick and felt a bit of excitement coming into me. I tasted leaned in and stuck my tongue out, letting the tip lick the head just to give it that taste. It wasn't too bad. It smelled of musk and soap and I leaned in further and kissed the head. I led it slide slowly in mouth, trying to adjust to the rhythm I vaguely remember achieving that few weeks ago. But Duke was obviously less patient than me.

He grabbed me roughly by the neck and forced my head down on his dick, letting every inch of that pipe slid deep into my throat. I had only sucked this dick once before so I was no expert but somehow it worked it's way into my throat, not all the way though. What ever couldn't fit choked my mouth and throat and had me gagging like I was trying to swallow a large piece of steak. The sound of me not being able to cope and the spit running out of my mouth as I splurted and gasped when I finally pulled off got Duke really excited.

"Yeah bitch, suck that black dick. You know how to gag on that shit boy, now here you go," he said and forced my head back on to his cock. He kept one hand on the back of my hand, applying constant gentle pressure and occasionally forceful pressure as he pushed that dick into my throat to try and open it up. I was trying my best to satisfy him, sucking every inch of his long 11 inch dick, licking the shaft and suckling the balls. It wasn't an easy task but he kept giving me instructions and coerced me into doing the right thing. One of his hands went inside my loose jeans and buried itself underneath my boxers. He palmed, squeezed and toyed with my ass.

"Damn nigga, that boy really is sucking your dick? He must be strung as shit. You sure he ain't on drugs?" asked the driver.

"Hell no nigga, he ain't. I told you he so. Now how about you give me that cash you owe, like I told you you would." I listened to Duke say and felt just the tiniest bit of embarrassment that Duke had won a wager on me that I would be sucking his dick... how did he know me better than I did? I felt his hand squeeze my ass and I moaned around his dick. It felt so hot inside my mouth and when I pulled it out it shined with my spit and had such a potent air about that it was like looking at fire. I had to swallow it again. Both Duke and the driver (Mike, I found out later his name was) could tell I was enjoying myself. I knew I was too. I was slowly gyrating my hips as I sucked on his dick, listening to the soft rap music coming from the car's stereo and the low, bear like grunts of pleasure as Duke was getting blown. His hands kept exploring my ass too and when one finger finally probed inside me, my already hard dick felt like it was going to go one step further and nutt. It didn't but I gave a out very loud moan as his digit gently opened me up.

"Mmm..." I moaned. I could feel Duke was getting excited, his dick tasted stronger as it filled my mouth with pre-cum. His thighs began to tense and he humped his dick firmly with impatience into my throat. I could his hear my moans and when I looked up at him his eyes were closed and he was biting his lower lip with a look of euphoria on his face. I tried to speed up my suction and bobbing but soon it wasn't enough for the impatient thug, as he grabbed me by the head and began to fuck into my mouth like it was pussy. I tried to keep up but he was going to fast and had me gagging and slurping enough to get Mike the driver saying "Dayuum! That sounds like some good head."

But brute force wasn't what my mouth was used to so I was beginning to feel pain in my jaws and was happy to hear Duke moaning and grunting.

"Awww fuck, aww!" he shouted uncontrollably. His hand pressed my face hard into his pubic hair and his dick slid deep into my throat," Fuck! Yeah nigger! Awwww take it bitch! Drink that nuttt!" he shouted as his body shook and he nutted his thick, potent cum into my mouth. I drank as much as I could but some splurted out all over his balls but I quickly licked it so it was clean. As he calmed down, he squeezed my ass and lightly fingered me as I carried on sucking his dick like he hadn't just cum a bucket load. I was feeling very horny and my hard dick must have made my boxers wet with pre-cum. But he pushed my head off and did up his jeans, leaving me feeling a little confused. He didn't say anything else but the car stopped.

"Get out," he said. I looked outside the window and saw we were back outside the same mall.

"Is that it?" I asked, trying not to sound disappointed. But he could tell I was.

"Yeah, that's it shawty, now hop off. I'll holler at you later." And that's what he said as I was almost pushed out of the car. 

I stared at the car in confusion as it drove away, trying to understand what was happening to me. I carried on walking into the mall, getting my head straight for meeting with the guys. They were going to ask me where the hell I was this whole time.

"Shit!" I said to myself and grimaced. I had forgotten to get that video from Duke. He still had it. And by that extension, he still had me where he wanted me.