 I had just graduated from high school and set off to go to a top university and I couldn't wait. The only down side was that my girlfriend Sasha wasn't coming to the same college because she had other plans. We had been together for 3 years and looked set to be together for another 3, at least. Things were going great. That's when I get a phone call from her, a day before our anniversary and an hour later, she's dumped me. I was devastated and completely blind sided. Did not see that one coming at all. I spent a few days at home hiding, wallowing in self-pity and confusion, not sure how this had happened. I tried calling her a few times but it was to no avail, she wouldn't talk to me. A couple of my friends I had told, Jamal and Randy, comforted me a little butt I was surprised to find out that they weren't too surprised.

"Look dude, it's a good thing. Sasha was cheating on you," my friend Randy said.

"What the fuck is you talking about nigger?" I demanded to know, accusing him of talking nonsense. "How the hell is Sasha going to cheat on me, look at me nigger? Every bitch in school wants to fuck me." Randy didn't say anything because he knew I had a point. I was hot: good looking, with dark ember skin, a set of full of African lips and bodied like a Greek god, with a muscled, broad back which I had perfected playing running back in football. I was the complete package, being also from a well-to-do family. A lot of people said I looked like Tristan Wilds from 90210.

Nevertheless, what Randy had said made me concerned and I decided to investigate. I began to ask around and people told me she had been seen driving around a lot in strange places, as far South Central, LA. We were from the upside of town so we didn't have a reason to be going there and I couldn't figure what the hell she would be doing in the hood. So I parked outside her house one day and without being seen, I followed her. I had been tipped off that she would be most likely going on one of her strange trips and as soon I was driving behind her, I found out she was. Soon, we were in South Central and driving through the rough streets, I was reminded that if you ain't got a reason to be in the hood, don't go there. My parents were from there but they worked hard to make sure I didn't have to live in the ghetto.

Sasha parked on an unremarkable street and got out of her car. I noticed she was wearing some sexy attire, tight white top and a black tennis skirt. She walked up to one of the houses and knocked on the door. Pretty soon, somebody opened it and she stepped in to the darkness of the indoors. "She is cheating on me. The fucking bitch" I said to myself as I came to understand what was happening.

After everything that we had been through, after all that love and she would throw it away so casually? Not if I had my say, I thought. I sat in my car and began to think about what to do, my rage replacing my previous emotions of love, fuelled by this horrible twist in my young life. An old Ford drove slowly past me, with two mean looking black thugs giving me the dirtiest looks as I clearly looked out of place in this area with my Mini Cooper and pink Polo top.

After about an hour, Sasha finally left the house and drove away. I didn't follow her this time but got out of the car, my emotions a mixture of confusion and hatred and maybe a little a fear about what I was going to find out. I walked up the garden and onto the porch of the house Sasha had just been inside. Once I had summoned my courage and knocked on the door, I waited for a long time before someone opened the door but when I saw who it was I thought maybe it was better if I hadn't tried to get it open. A black guy, built like a small tank and wearing a nothing on but a towel opened the door.

"Yes? What you want nigger?" he asked, growing impatient with my silence. I wasn't sure of what to say, I was captivated by this guy. He was obviously a thug or some thing close to that. But my plan was to confront him about Sasha and I could see that it wouldn't be easy, he was that huge. His arms were like tree trunks, muscles roped thick and covered in dark tattoos. I wasn't an expert on such things but I thought maybe his tattoos indicated he was a member of some gang. "Nigger are you deaf?" he shouted at me. He leaned in a little towards me and I stared at his perfect, muscular body. I was a keen gym rat myself so it was always nice to see a good male body, like a purist admiring a piece of art. He reminded me a lot of this one porn star, Mr. Marcus. My eyes slipped and without realizing it I looked at his crotch to see if there were any similarities. From where I was standing, I could see a lot because there was the unmistakably imprint of a big dick.

I snapped out of my daze and replied, informing him who I was and that Sasha was my girlfriend and that he should stay away from her. He looked at me like he was confused for a few seconds, then he smiled, amused in an arrogant sort of way, and told me to come in. I did, not realizing what I had achieved since I wasn't sure I had come across as too threatening. The door shut and we were along in his house, which was dark, smoky and had a strong, pungent smell of weed and sex. Something in my mind should have told me what this place was and what he was but I obviously wasn't thinking clearly.

"So yeah, like I said before, Sasha is my girl and you best stop seeing her," I said, trying to sound as tough and imposing as I could. He looked at me without saying anything. He seemed more pensive this time, like I had touched a cord so I assumed my request was met on his senses. He kept quiet for a few seconds more and then spoke.

"You know what nigger, you could be right. But you forgot one thing?" he said.

"What's that?" I asked. But that's when it hit me. His fist came flying out of nowhere and it smashed me on the cheekbone. I was surprised and knocked down, falling to the ground in a flash of colors and pain. For a big guy, he was lightning fast. In football, I was used to physical contact but that punch was the hardest I've ever been hit. It took me a few seconds to realize what the hell had happened, my ears tearing up and my body and mind filling with adrenaline and mixed emotions. I would have jumped and fought back but very quickly he turned around and from a bureau he fetched something and turned around and pointed it at me. It was a gun.

"Bitch, you forgot that this is my house. And this is my hood." He said simply. My heart slowed down very quickly, I didn't want to look scared but I was terrified and he knew it. "So wassup boy? You got something else you want to front?" he asked.

"No! Please! I'm sorry I didn't-"

"Oh yeah you did. Any last words, bitch, before I fuck your brains up?" he asked me, pointing the gun even closer at me. I was blubbering at this point, probably didn't make any sense as I tried to speak and begged him to spare my life.

"Please, I am sorry. I didn't mean it. Don't!" I cried in protest.

He was laughing now, enjoying himself as he toyed with me. "Fuck you know about shit? Your bitch of a girlfriend Sasha owes me money and you think you can hustle her out of it with some weak ass front?"

I didn't understand what he was talking about so I told him I didn't know anything about Sasha owing him money. He didn't believe me at first, but after a few times me repeating myself, he looked a little more convinced.

"Well nigger, if you don't know, she owe me 400 dollars still."

"Why?" That's a lot of money.

"Coke. Her and a couple of friends been having a few too many parties and she bought a lot on credit. And like the good trick she is, she's being paying. With her ass."

I was shocked beyond anything I'd ever experienced in life. Still on the floor, my hands raised in defense and with the Mr. Marcus look alike thug imposing above me, I was horrified and I had no words. I tried to deny but I knew that it was no use, it was probably true. In my heart, I knew Sasha was not the person I thought she was.

"So... you didn't know?" he asked me, seeing my surprise as genuine.

"No... I didn't. Didn't know she was like that yo," I said and hung my head in disappointment and shame. He must have felt sorry for me because he took a step back and placed the gun on the bureau. He told me his name was Duke and that he was someone people didn't fuck with, a hood baller, a thug. Which is why he was surprised with the way I came at him.

"I guess you didn't know who I was, huh?" he asked.

"No I didn't," I replied. I felt a lot better knowing it was safer to be around him know. It was still uncomfortable with him hovering about me still in his towel. The sooner I could leave, the better. But when I tried to get up, he had other plans.

"Where you heading shawty?" he asked me.

"I'm sorry Duke, may I go?" I asked.

"Not yet son, you got a few debts to pay. You know my name and face, your bitch girlfriend Sasha still owes me a lot and you just tried to diss me in my own crib. I say that's a lot to pay for."

He grabbed his crotch when he said that and when I saw that the impressive imprint of his dick became even more impressive, larger than before. I didn't know what he meant though and asked him directly.

"You going to suck my dick, or else." I heard him say this in horror but couldn't believe it. He was joking, ofcourse. Was he? He didn't look like it.

"Hell no nigger, I can't. I ain't gay," I argued.

"This ain't about that shawty," he said simply and dropped his towel, exposing his semi hard cock, which stood immediately up, impressive and offensive in its virile position. I was temporarily mesmerized by it, unsure of how it was possible for someone to be this hung. It had to be at least nine inches and still not fully hard. I hoped he was a show-er and not a grower. He leaned in towards me and the dick came towards my face. My immediate reaction was to move my head away but he persisted and when I tried to push him away, I got a slap across the face. "Bitch! I ain't playing with you no more, you got two options: suck this dick or suck this dick with a gun to your head. Your choice."

I didn't dare resist then. I let it come towards me, fearing for my life as it did more than I feared for my pride. When his head, now engorged and purple reached, my lips, I told him I didn't know how to do this.

"Open your mouth slightly, let the head come in," he instructed and I did as I was told, feeling the velvety flesh enter my lips for the first time. He pushed himself into my mouth slowly, feeling his way around until his entire head was resting on my tongue. I did my best not to choke or splutter or anything and applied a little vacuum automatically, like you would to any foreign object incompletely inserted into your mouth to prevent it from slipping.

"Good," he said," now open your mouth wider." I did as I was told and he entered even further. He started to thrust his dick in and out of my mouth continuously, his hips moving at an increasing speed and all I did was hold my mouth open as his hand was placed on my head. I couldn't believe this was happening to me. It felt surreal and impossible that this was happening to me, but somehow it was. I was trying my best to deal with it... I didn't want to piss him off anymore. He held my head with one hand and the other was on his hip as he thrust his cock in and out of my mouth. The force of its entry and the size of its girth stretched my mouth to its limits. My eyes were wide in shock and humiliation. He pulled out of my mouth and I gasped in relief as I was able to draw breath for the first time. He then smacked my face with his dick, slapping his fully erect cock against my lips. 

"You doing good so far, now I am going to teach you how to take all the dick. You going to deep throat," he said and shoved his dick in my mouth once again. But where the limit of his girth stopped before, he pushed further. He told me to relax my throat muscles and breathe through my nose. I did that and felt my throat open up and slowly, he pushed in. I couldn't get it all the way in but he had got a good length of dick in. He kept trying to push the boundary though, even when he was probably three quarters in. The size of the meat in my mouth and the extremely potent musk it gave (not altogether unpleasant) began to have an intoxicating effect on me. It was like I was getting a little high, overwhelmed by the chemistry of what was happening to me and what I was doing. I found myself trying to swallow more and feeling a lot more relaxed. It didn't bother me so much anymore, not even when Duke insulted me.

"Yeah bitch! You love that shit, don't you. How does that dick taste, boy? That's a real man's dick you got in your mouth bitch..." he said and thrust his dick in and out of my mouth. 

I didn't say anything, I knew there was no use. I had to just take it. If I didn't, he would have killed me- so the sooner I made him nutt, the better. Besides, it didn't bother me as much as I thought it would. Not even when he continued to insult me, calling me a bitch, a pussy, a faggot. Not even when his hands started to rub my face and body, his rough grip squeezing my flesh as I deep throated his dick. Not even he leaned over, his dick now very deep inside me and my face was pressed against his crotch, roughly pulled my jeans down slightly to halfway my ass and put a hand inside and squeezed it. I tried to say No, but it was futile because with his cock so deep in my throat and my face and nose pressed against his wiry pubes and six pack, it came out as muffled moans. He started getting rougher with me, his hands were slapping my ass and squeezing my flesh and he would pull out his dick, hold my head up so that I looked directly into his eyes, spit into my mouth and insult me, then shove his dick back into me and skull fuck me. I knew that my only escape was to make him nutt. I was getting him closer though and I could taste his dick getting saltier, indicating that he was leaking pre-nutt.

But not long after, he pulled out, grabbed me by the arms and stood me up on my feet. I had been on my knees for so long I damn near fell but he held me firm with his excessive strength and pulled me over to the couch, leaned me against it and kissed me. I was surprise by this sudden change in tact but realized I didn't resist. His tongue forced itself into my mouth and it wasn't a slow sensual kiss you'd have with someone you loved, but it was a forceful, evasive one that probed the depths of my mouth and tasted it. With me pressed against him, I felt his muscular frame feel like a wall and his big arms wrapped around me and squeezed my ass. My arms went around his. I had no choice but to give in. He would have killed me. I felt my jeans drop even further till my ass was exposed and his hand squeezed it hard. He broke the kiss and pushed me down on the floor once again and shoved his dick once again into my tired mouth.

"Look at you bitch. You like sucking a real man's dick? I can tell you do," he laughed and pointed out my dick, which had flopped out of boxers. It was fully erect. This shocked me beyond anything that I had experienced so far... I was enjoying it all! "Look at me, bitch," he commanded and I did. "I can see the lust in your face, you loving this, cocksucker," he said and I couldn't say anything. He picked me up once again, turned me around and flipped me over the couch. 

"Hey! What the fuck nigger? This was never part of the deal..." I shouted as I felt his hands probing my asshole. I knew I was about to get fucked.

"Shut the fuck up bitch, why you complaining? I can tell you want it." He said. He spread it open and did something totally unexpected. He started eating my ass. At first all I wanted was to continue protesting but when I was feeling that tongue work it's rhythm on my hole, it felt surprisingly nice. I couldn't help it. My dick was rock hard and I scratched the couch and bit my lip as experienced this brand new experience. Sasha was never freaky enough to try something like this, hell we didn't even have that much sex and whenever we did, it was tame and conventional. She'd only sucked my dick once. I always thought she was shy in the sack... but obviously not if she'd been fucking with this nasty ass nigger.

He slapped my ass and I cried out, not so much in pain but in pleasure. The pleasure intensified, he rubbed it and licked and I could feel my balls tighten up. He pushed on finger in and then with a slight pop sensation, my ass was penetrated for the first time ever. I cried out in pain.

"Please Duke, stop!" I begged, my voice weak with feeling this strange sensation.

"Don't worry shawty, I got you. This ass I so right, I am going to have to take good care of it..." he said as he fingered me, loosening me up despite my feeble cries. When he was satisfied I was loose enough for one finger, he put another one in. And then another one after a while, till all I could feel was numbing pain in my ass from all three of his fingers inside me. But after a while, it relaxed me and I felt less pain. Wow... three fingers? Didn't know I could do that.

But that was nothing compared to what came next. It was impossible to not notice Duke's massive dick, it was a huge black phallus which was as thick as it was impressive in length. When he positioned it's head against my loosened hole. I tried to squirm away but he slapped my ass and held me down.

"Hold still bitch," he said and pressed it firmly against my butt. I felt intense pressure as it broke through the sphincter and beyond into my rectum. It was intense, not so much because of the pain but because I had been entered by another man's penis. I tried not to think about what physiological effect it would have on me... days of therapy, commitment and sexuality issues, you name it. I just had to make it end- before it went too far, further then it already had gone. Shit! Too late... Duke pressed himself deeper into me. He used his big arms to anchor his weight and pushed his pelvis against my ass so that more and more of his dick entered me. I couldn't look behind me but it felt like I had a whole arm inside when I finally felt his six pack against my ass, telling me he'd fully entered me. He pushed his body weight against me and slowly thrust his pelvis and I felt gradually more accustomed to his invasion like that. I could feel every bit of his thick sausage as it slid slowly out from my ass and back in. He picked up pace and I didn't complain. That must have encouraged him because he was going faster with his strokes. I thought it wasn't too bad though, not the end of the world. He could have killed me- so why not let him get off in a way to say thank you. No one else was going to find out though, had to make sure about that.

He braced himself around me, like a frame above my back his arms held as his pelvis steadily grinded his dick in and out of my chute and when I bit my lower lip as his pole hit a spot inside me I didn't know existed, he laughed and told me how much I like it because I was a natural dick sucker and bottom. I listened to him and said nothing, just trying to stay in a sane state despite all that feeling that I was getting in my ass. I didn't know I could feel like this, it didn't hurt so bad and this was... pleasure? I wasn't gay, so how could I enjoy this? And he kept abusing me and I didn't mind. All 11 inches slid in and out of me with speed now, he slapped my ass and kept fucking me.

"Yeah bitch, this is what you want, ain't it? You're ho ass girl is here all the time, sucking and fucking on a real man's dick. She loves it up the ass too. Bet you didn't know that," he said as he mercilessly drove his dick in and out of me, slapping my ass hard to punctuate his sentences," Bet you couldn't please her. That's why she had to come to the hood for some dick, your faggot ass dick is limp, except when you pleasing a man." He said and I listened in horror and said nothing. My dick was still hard and I couldn't hide it, didn't want to. My humiliation was complete and I was at a point where it didn't matter anymore. The more he fucked me, the less I gave I cared. I could feel every nerve in my ass, balls, dick and thighs be alert to that constant drilling. It felt too good. I was enjoying it now and when he pulled out, I turned around and looked at him. He picked me up by the legs and flipped me over the couch and I fell on the other side and he jumped over, pinned me down by my shoulders and arms and my ass up in the air, he mounted me missionary style and carried on from where'd he left off.
