 Don't worry. I promise no one will get killed in this one.

It was my first, and probably only, visit to the club. I could never afford to join the place and was only there on a guest pass I had won at a charity raffle. I worked out in the gym for a while, had a couple of drinks in the bar, then hit the sauna.

It was empty except for a single man sitting in the corner. Like me, he was wearing nothing but a white towel with the club logo embroidered on it. He looked to be in his early forties, balding with a few gray hairs but with a body that said he still worked out regularly. He had dozed off and I was careful not to wake him as I entered the room.

I don't know what he was dreaming about but he must have been having a good time. The towel on his lap was slowly rising and before long his cock had fully risen and had managed to lift the towel a good eight inches. It was then that he woke up and caught me staring at him. I chuckled, embarrassed. He looked right at me and pulled the towel away. Putting his hands behind his head, he leaned back and closed his eyes, putting himself on display and giving me the full view. He was proud of his equipment and with good reason. He didn't say anything but it was obvious what he wanted. It wasn't just that he wanted it. It was more like he expected it.

To be honest, I've always wondered what it would be like to be with another man. I'd just never met anyone who made me want to. In my imagination it was always some faceless guy or the cock from a porno where they just show the girl sucking him off. But there was something about this guy that actually turned me on and made me want him. I don't know if it was his attitude or the nine inches of rock hard cock sticking up from his crotch. He was big but not massive. It wasn't one of those freakishly huge dicks you see in some vids. Where the guy is so big the girl can barely fit it in her mouth. It was just a long, thick, nicely proportioned piece of meat.

Somehow I found myself getting up and walking over to him. He still didn't speak as I knelt down in front of him.

I reached out and started exploring his hard cock with my hands, lightly tracing his shaft with my fingers, running them over his swollen head. Grasping it in one hand then both, stroking him up and down. His cock felt huge in my hands. Mine is only average sized and I often wondered what it would feel like to hold a dick as big as his was. Slowly I jacked his cock up and down its entire length, feeling it slide through my hands. His cock throbbed and he pushed out a big glob of precum. I took my hands away and watched as it flowed down the length of his shaft. When it reached the base I leaned forward and, touching it with my tongue, traced its path back up to the slit. The sweetness of it broke down my last barrier. I had to have him in my mouth. I looked up at him.

"I've never done this before," I said. It wasn't an excuse for any poor performance or a plea for him to be gentile. I just wanted him to know. He didn't respond but I had known he wouldn't.

Bending forward, I took the head of his cock into my mouth. It was too dry to suck very good. Grasping him at the base I started licking his cock. All over. Starting at the base I gently ran my tongue up the sides and, reaching the top, took the head back in my mouth. I kept going like this until his entire dick was good and wet. It felt so good that I just kept licking it all over. Finally, I took him back in my mouth and started giving him the blowjob I knew he wanted. His warm cock felt amazing in my mouth. He placed his hand on the back of my head guiding me up and down. He kept his hand there for the entire duration my sucking him. He would permit me to go as far down as I wanted but he never let me take his entire cock out of my mouth. It was his way of telling me he was going to come in my mouth and that there was nothing I could do about it. I couldn't take in as much of him as I wanted but I took in as much as I could. I wanted him totally inside of me. Taking a deep breath, I relaxed my throat as much as I could, and slowly slid my mouth down the length of his cock. At about six inches I gagged and had to pull back. Disappointed, I continued working his cock with my mouth and hands. Over the course of sucking him off I managed to take another inch or so of him but that was all. I once had a girlfriend who could deepthroat me and it felt amazing. I wanted to be able to give that pleasure to him. Before long he began pushing my head harder onto his cock, making me go faster. I sucked him hard and fast, grasping his dick at the base and jerking him at the same time that I sucked. Finally, he grabbed my hair and pulled me back so that just the head of his cock was in my mouth. I kept stroking and squeezing his cock until I felt it suddenly swell in my hand as he shot into my mouth. After he had finished he held me there, the head of his cock still in my mouth. I knew he wouldn't let me move until I had swallowed so I obediently gulped down his load. I was amazed by the control he had over himself. Through his entire orgasm his body remained as relaxed as it was while I was sucking him. He never moaned or cried out. The only part of him that moved was his cock as he shot into my mouth.

When he was finished he pushed my head back down his cock. I could tell he wanted seconds so I continued sucking him off. My neck and mouth were getting tired but I kept going. After a few minutes he stood up. I started to move back so I could keep blowing him but he took my shoulders in his hands and pushed in opposite directions. It was his way of telling me to turn around. Obediently, I turned away from him and got on my knees. He got down behind me and I took the towel from around my waist, exposing my ass to him. He pulled my cheeks apart and I braced myself for his penetration as I felt him spit on my ass, the only lubrication I would get.

My wife occasionally likes anal sex, and I've even let her put one of her vibrators in me, but she insists I go slow, starting with a finger to loosen her up then slowly entering her with my cock. He did none of that. I felt the tip of cock touch my ass then, with one massive push, he shoved the whole length inside me. My natural instincts took over and I tried to pull away from him but his grip on me was too strong and I couldn't move. I cried out in pain but I knew it wouldn't matter to him. He was in total control. It wasn't rape since I was willingly giving myself to him. He was just using me for his own pleasure. He took me with long, determined strokes. As he continued fucking me my ass loosened up and I was able to take him without as much pain. The size of his cock still hurt but it was tolerable. I don't know how long I knelt of the floor of the sauna as he fucked me like this, using the entire length of his cock with every stroke. The longer he went the more intense his thrusts became. Before long he was slamming into me hard. Both the pain and the pleasure I was feeling grew with each of his thrusts. I cried out and he grunted like an animal every time he rammed his cock into me. It was the only sound he ever made during our entire time together. I knew anyone outside the room could hear us but I was beyond caring. Finally with one massive lunge he came, grinding his cock into my ass. The feeling of his huge meat throbbing inside of me as he gave me his cum was so intense I almost came myself. Finished with me, he knelt behind me, breathing hard. I felt him growing softer inside of me and was both saddened and relieved when, at last, he pulled his cock from my ass and stood up.

He wrapped his towel back around his waist then threw mine down at me, letting me know he was finished. Without a word, and without looking back, he walked out of the sauna. I rested for a few more minutes then collected myself, put my towel back on, and left the room. The guy at the desk outside of the sauna looked up at me and smiled knowingly. He knew what had happened and I could tell it wasn't the first time.

I saw him one time after our encounter. I was walking down the street and saw him coming towards me. I nodded in greeting as we passed but from the look on his face I could tell he had no idea who I was. Just another of his many anonymous fucks.

I jerked off as soon as I got home.