 I have been toying with the idea of taking things to the next level for quite some time. I had tried the ABS a few times and had met with a squirt friend a couple of times but things weren't progressing like I wanted them too. I finally decided one day that I was going to do whatever it took to not only find a buddy to share blowjobs with but I was going to have his hot hard dick in my virgin ass and I was going to do it soon. 

It took me a couple of weeks to get all the details worked out and start working on making the contact with someone. Early, one Saturday morning I told the wife that I was heading out to a trade show in a neighboring town and I would be home that evening. I had made arrangements to meet with Jim around noon at his house, so I had time to actually make the show and pick up some stuff to cover my story before heading to get my real needs met.

I had met Jim once before for coffee and we seemed to hit it off pretty well. Luck would have it that his wife was out of town for the same weekend as the show I wanted to go to. Jim also surprised me by being at the show when I walked in. 

We spent about an hour walking around the show and I made a few purchases. Jim and I seemed to find all kinds of reasons to be touching or pressing against each other and soon we were both feeling the sexual tension beginning to build. Jim finally pressed against my from behind as I was looking at a display, letting me feel his firming member pressing into me, and asked if I was ready for the next show. I let my hand brush against him as I turned to say let's get out of here.

I followed Jim to his house and we go in though the garage and into his kitchen. He asked if I wanted a beer, I said a whiskey would be better. He laughed and said I was right, it would be. He poured three fingers in a glass full of ice for both of us and came up behind me to set it on the counter. He slid his hand under my shirt, feeling my chest and stomach, as he buried his face into my neck. His mouth tasted me as he pinched and pulled on my nipples. I was quickly becoming aroused when he stepped away and said to come see the house. Disappointed that he wasn't going to take me right there, I grabbed my drink and followed him.

Jim casually pointed out the dining room, living room and pointed down the hall to the master bedroom as he swung around a corner to the stair case. Upstairs he pointed to the right and said that there were a couple of bedrooms and a bath and then turned to the left. Above the garage was a great rec room. One end had a big screen TV with a nice leather sectional and the other end was filled with a pool table and a bar. Sandwiched in the middle were some random chairs and a futon. 

He took my drink and set it on a table then turned to take me in his arms. Sliding his hands under my shirt and caressing my body while kissing me gently and working his tongue into my mouth. I let him pull my shirt over my head while I rubbed the growing bulge in the front of his jeans. Jim took control of our encounter by pulling away and undoing my pants. As he pushed them down to my ankles, he pushed me down into a nice padded chair. He pulled my pants off along with my shoes and now had me completely naked and willingly under his control. 

Jim knelt before me and began playing with my nipples and since I am a little over weight and older my man boobs were getting plenty of attention too. He lowered his head into my lap and covered my cock with his mouth. His mouth felt like velvet, so soft and warm. He was easily able to take my full cock in. I am not all that big to begin with so I just laid back and enjoyed. Jim brought me close to cumming several times before he stopped and stood up before me. 

Jim quickly stripped his clothes and stood offering himself to me. My mouth began drooling over his magnificent cock. It was perfect for want I wanted him to use if for. Still only half hard it was already six inches and only about two inches around. I reached out for him and gently took him in my hand. He straddled the arms of the chair and let me take him slowly into my mouth. I quickly adjusted to his size and was able to take him fully without any problem. I caressed his balls and let my finger graze his asshole as he found his rhythm with my mouth. I felt him grow longer and harder while I covered his cock with my saliva. I pulled my hungry mouth off of him and told him I was ready. His long thin dick was now a good eight inches long and not any thicker than it was before he started.

Jim stood and pulled me up and turned me around on the chair. I knelt and presented him my ass. He grabbed some lube from the table and got us both ready. Soon, that long, thin wonderful cock was pressing against my tight virgin ass bud. I eagerly pushed back against him, wanting that thing in my ass. Jim finally took aim and gave a push into my hole. I felt the pressure and was expecting some pain but the pain never came. I could feel the head press against my prostate then the length of him slide on past. Jim grabbed my hips and pressed himself fully in to the hilt. I thought I would lose it from the pleasure as he pulled me back to him. Jim waited a moment to let me get used to the feeling of having my ass filled. I told him that I needed him to fuck me now.

Jim slowly withdrew all but the head of his cock. I squeeze him as hard as I could so he wouldn't pull out all together. He started patiently fucking my slowly, letting me feel every inch of him slide in and out. My cock was harder than it had been in a long time and was dripping pre-cum like a faucet. I was squirming and wiggling back into Jim with every thrust. He was picking up the pace and I could tell that he was getting close to cumming from his moans. I reached between my legs to caress his balls as he pushed into me. He would pause when he hit bottom and me play with them for just a second before pulling that long dick back out.

Soon I could feel that his balls were tightening and he was grinding hard when he was deep in me. I was now gripping his cock on the backstroke, giving him a little something extra to fuck. Jim suddenly buried himself in me as deep as he could and began to shudder and buck against me. I felt his balls explode into my ass, filling me with blast after blast of his hot sperm. Jim continued shoving himself into me, driving his cum deeper into me. After several minutes, he pulled his still hard cock from my ass. I was amazed that he was still maintaining his erection and that it was still a good eight inches long. I was exhausted and well fucked but still had a fairly respectable hard-on that wanted release. 

Jim kind of collapsed on the floor. I could tell that even though he was still hard, he was fucked out for the moment. I climbed out of the chair and moved over to him. When he saw my dripping dick, he reached out and drew me to his mouth. His tongue started swirling around the head, licking up all the dripping pre-cum. He took me into his mouth and turned on the suction. It only took a minute or two before I felt my balls tighten and get ready to release my orgasm. Jim sensing this also drove two fingers in my dripping butt and buried his nose into my pubes. I responded just as expected by filling his throat with spurt after spurt of my own hot spunk. Jim continued to suck until he had every last drop I had to give. 

I dropped to the floor beside him, also exhausted. Jim pulled me to him and we fell back on the floor gathering ourselves. I noticed the clock and couldn't believe that only an hour or so had passed. I thought to myself that I would have plenty of time for a round two before I would have to head home. Jim broke into my planning for the next go by telling me that he had a confession to make. I sat up and said what is it.

Jim looked up at me and said that he had lied about his wife being out of town. I just kind of looked at him so he continued and told me that she was in the next room and wanted to join in. I looked up to see her standing naked in the doorway waiting to be invited in. She was so hot that my dick instantly reacted. Jim just said I'll take that as a yes and waved her in.

Of course, that is another story.