 "Let's head over to West 4th for a pickup game, whadda ya say?" It was a hot summer New York night, the kind where it doesn't dip below 80 degrees and anyone and everyone is out and about, looking for something to do. The idea sounded like a great one to Ernesto; his friends, however, weren't as enthusiastic. 

"Whadda ya fucking crazy? It's fucking hot as fuck. What the fuck do I want to fucking go all the way to fucking Manhattan for a fucking game of fucking basketball to further sweat my big hairy fucking balls off at 10 o'clock at fucking night? Are you fucking kidding me?" His cousin Vinny had the vocabulary of a Soprano and the basketball skills of a third grade girl and there was no way in hell he was gonna go anywhere to play basketball at any time. He needed to play it off so he went on and on about how hot it was and about how it was too far to travel. The rest of the gang; two Tony's, Tony A. and Tony M., and Joey, weren't the worst basketball players in the world but they certainly knew enough to know that if they were going to go to W.4th Street for a pickup game, they would get spanked. They all moaned about how hot it was and dismissed the idea. 

Ernesto couldn't be dissuaded so easily. It was a hot Saturday night and he knew the courts would be packed. He needed to go. He just couldn't see himself hanging out in the neighborhood, drinking 40s out of a brown paper bag, talking about bangin' girls, listening to Tupac and bitching about over how hard it is to be a white man in today's society. Ernesto was different. Born in Tuscany, he'd moved to Brooklyn when he was 11 to live with his aunt and uncle when his parents died in a car crash. Twenty years later, he had lost his foreign accent but never quite acquired a New York on either. He stood out like a sore thumb in so many ways. He was the most worldly of the group always looking to experience new adventures, he'd gone to out of state for college. Most of the guys around the way had never gotten past high school, let alone moved out of state. Truth be told, a few had never even been to the Bronx. He had a great job in Manhattan as a massage therapist; his friends thought that was some fairy shit. It was okay when his clients were hot chicks but they were disgusted by the idea of rubbing on some sweaty dude. He even looked different. His complexion was naturally darker, his jet black hair just touched his shoulders, steel gray eyes, and a 6'2" body he worked on religiously, all worked together to make him look like a Calvin Klein model. Most of his buddies stood under 5'11" with short hair and were getting little beer bellies in their 30s. 

For all of their differences, Ernesto was accepted and loved in the community like he was no different at all. And he loved his family and his friends. They had taken care of him when he was at his lowest, most lonely point. While most people anticipated he would have gotten an apartment in Manhattan, Ernesto stayed in the hood to help take care of his grandmother who had come from Italy 10 years ago because she was aging. His aunt and uncle both worked graveyard and didn't have the time to care for her in the evenings and Vinny and Theresa, his other cousin, only knew how to curse in Italian so they couldn't really communicate well with her. Ernesto loved his family and would do anything for them so leaving Brooklyn, leaving Carnasie, was really out of the question. 

"I'll check you guys later, I'm heading to the city to play some ball." Nobody was shocked and they barely looked up as he grabbed his gym bag and headed for the subway. He plopped down on the cool seat and pulled out the book he'd been reading, a collection of works by James Baldwin. He was fascinated by social commentary and the descriptions of racism that peppered the dialogue about being a Black gay man in America. Being a gay man himself, a closeted gay man, he connected with the words, he connected with the struggle and the rage. His friends, even though he had sucked off most of them when they were kids, including his cousin, were as homophobic as they come. They had to be. It was part and parcel for the good fella's persona that they had to carry off. It never occurred to them that Ernesto could be gay because he was masculine, athletic, and he had women swooning over him every time he walked in a room. The stuff that happened when they were younger was just boys being boys, and they would never admit to anyone the experimentation they had done as kids so his secret was pretty safe. 

As he emerged from the bowels of the train system, into the humid night air of Greenwich Village, except for the fact that it was dark, it could have been 11:00 in the afternoon instead of 11:00 at night. The streets were bustling with activity, packed with people out doing anything and everything you could think of. He made his way to the courts and just watched the first two games. Ever since he could remember, he'd loved Black men. As cliché as it sounds, after his first Black lover, he had no desire to be with another white man again so the old "once you go black" adage was true in his case. For the better part of 7 years he'd dated Black men exclusively. Sitting there, seeing all of those toned and muscled bodies, gave him an even further appreciation of the Black male form. It wasn't a lustful appreciation, well, at least not in the overtly sexual sense. It was a profound and deep respect for not just their physical bodies, but for the struggle they endured that he read about in the pages of his book. 

He was always certain to get picked for a team. There's an unspoken code that says that white boys who hang out on basketball courts are looking to get served so people was always looking to school them make sure they play. Three on three, half court, to 21, shirt vs. skins. He was shirts and he was playing the team who had just won the last game. Skins got the ball first and scored three points right off the bat. Ernesto was guarding a guy who had dominated the previous game and he knew he had to be tired so he was body-checking and going toe to toe under the rim. They were the same height, even the same body type, but his opponent was the color of caramel with a shiny bald head. It was a queer guy's heaven, being able to publicly run his hands over that smooth flesh, the rippling muscles, sweaty, hard thighs pressed against his own. It was all about the game for Ernesto and he played hard, making sure everyone knew he was there to ball. The guy Ernesto was guarding gave him an elbow and sent him to the ground. There ain't no fouls in street ball so he was right back up and in the game; he didn't miss a beat. He got the ball and showed he had some skills. The other part of the unspoken code is, that when a white boy has skills on the court, he becomes the unofficial court favorite, getting his own cheering squad on the sidelines and everything. 

The score was 19 to 20 with the skins leading and the shirts had the ball. Dude was blocking him, checking him hard, when Ernesto got the ball in the paint. He pivoted and -- whoosh, nothing but net. In the split second right before the shot, he thought . . . maybe he was mistaken, but he could have sworn he felt ole boy grabbing for his dick. Not just body contact that happens during the course of a game, but actually palming his crotch, almost caressing it. It had happened so quickly and the score was tied so he couldn't dwell on it. The two adversaries stood toe to toe, making intense eye contact. The court lights made every drop of sweat glisten on his shirtless opponent. One of the skins sank the final shot ending the game. The entire court erupted in cheers and back slapping and kudos about the great game. 

Ernesto sat on the bench and pulled out his towel. His book was on the top of the bag so he sat it next to him. While he was toweling off and catching his breath, drinking a little Gatorade, he saw a hand reaching out to him.

"Good game man, I'm impressed." 

He extended his hand and looked up, "Yeah, congratulations, great game," Ernesto replied, still trying to catch his breath. 

"Name's Flex. Anytime you want to play a little game of pick up, let me know, I'd love to have you on my team." He smiled a gorgeous smile and Ernesto looked up and then down, his eyes resting on the crotch directly eye level in front of him. 

"Your mom named you Flex," Ernesto asked, trying to sound aloof but still out of breath and doing his best not to show it. 

"My pops named me Eugene, Jr. but I'll beat somebody's ass if they call me that. So it's Flex." They both laughed. 

"Yeah, my name is Ernesto and we got problems if you call me Ernie, so I'm really feeling you. Here have a seat." He moved his book out the way and slid down a half a foot to let Flex sit down next to him. They watched a little bit of the next game in silence. 

"You from around here," Flex asked? 

"Nah, I live in Brooklyn,"

"Oh, I see." 

That sat in silence some more, watching the game and neither one of them willing to address what had happened on the court. Ernesto figured he'd been mistaken. It was a physical game and maybe Flex didn't know he was grabbing his dick. Maybe he thought it was his arm or something. That had to be it. 

""Is this your book? Man, I love James Baldwin. 'I am what time, circumstance, and history, have made of me, certainly, but I am also, much more than that.' Now that some deep shit right there." Just then, it was as if the wall of ice had been broken. The two men started talking and sharing and letting down their guards. They had a connection more than sports and it was electric. "Are you busy right now, I mean, are you in a rush to head back to Brooklyn, because I only live around the corner from here. We can go to my place and hang out if you want. I'm not a serial killer . . . any more, I promise." They both laughed and Flex flashed that gorgeous smile and before Ernesto knew what was happening, they were walking towards 10th street and in a cute little studio apartment. Flex was a graphic designer for and advertising firm and had moved from his own roots in Queens to his little apartment 7 years ago. 

Once inside the apartment, the only place to sit comfortably was the futon. Ernesto looked uncomfortable. He didn't want to put his smelly, sweaty ass on the sofa. He was really feeling this guy and wanted to be invited back and he didn't think that would make such a great first impression to leave his scent, so to speak, so he was trying to figure out how he could sit on the floor without looking like a dork. 

Flex came to the rescue before he could even process the thought completely in his head. "Hey, it's pretty hot out there; you can take a shower if you want to cool off. Guests first. Here's a towel and everything's in the bathroom you should need." He dropped his gym bag by the door inside in the small bathroom. He took off his sweaty clothes and stepped in the shower, feeling the warm water wash away the layer of sweat. Shutting his eyes, he thought back to the court. Had he gotten his signals mixed? Maybe Flex was just a nice guy who wanted to hang out; maybe he happened to like James Baldwin because he was a great writer, not because he was a great gay Black writer. Maybe that hand caressing his dick wasn't really caressing it; maybe it was just part of the game, maybe to make him miss his shot. Whatever it was, Ernesto was deep in thought, remembering the feel of Flex's hand on his cock, the same cock that he had in his hand now and was stroking, thinking about his sexy, sweaty new friend. 

He shut his eyes tightly and started thinking all sorts of nasty thoughts, jerking off and fantasizing. A knock at the door shocked him back to reality.

"Hey, don't mean to interrupt or anything," Flex yelled through the door, but do you want something to drink? A martini, a beer, a glass of wine, water, Kool Aid. Anything?" 

"A beer's cool, thanks," he yelled back and quickly turned off the water to dry off. He didn't want to put the same stinky clothes back on so he tied the towel around his waist and headed out to see if Flex had anything he could put on. His cock was still hard but he pushed it down and tried to will it so stay soft. 

That thought lasted an entire 1.5 seconds because when he opened the bathroom door, he saw Flex, standing naked in front of the closet, grabbing for a towel to put around him. "Hey, how was the shower?" He turned, wrapped the towel around himself and, not waiting for an answer, he said, "Your beer is on the coffee table, make yourself at home, I'll be right back, I need to take a shower myself." 

Ernesto was impressed with the tiny apartment. His music collection was eclectic but mostly all Black: jazz, blues, R&B, hip hop, even some gospel. The art on the walls was amazing and inspecting further, he saw that most were signed with the name Flex. Because the place was so small, every square inch of space was utilized. Oddly enough, the place didn't look cluttered at all; it might have been small on space but it was big on style. The timer on the oven went off and Flex was still in the shower so he decided to take out whatever was in there. He opened the door and a fantastic aroma came wafting out. He pulled out the dish and it was some sort of dip that had been heated to go with the tri colored chips that had been put out on a platter. Ernesto was blown away. "This guy can play ball, he can quote James Baldwin, he has a great apartment, he's creative, he can cook and he's sexy as hell. Damn, I think I just met my future husband," he said under his breath.

"What did you say? Oh good, I'm glad you pulled that out. Thanks." Flex looked even more amazing fresh from the shower with his towel around his waist. Ernesto didn't bother answering his question and instead took the tray and set it on the coffee table while Flex was opening up the futon. "Here, this will be more comfortable. Have a seat, take a load off."

The two men lounged on the futon, talking about everything under the sun, sharing details about their lives, drinking beer, listening to music, eating. It was very apparent that Flex was gay, out, and very confident in his sexuality, so much so, he didn't even make it an issue. Because Ernesto was so ruled by his hidden identity, everything had more impact on him, he had to analyze and dissect everything as if there was a hidden meaning behind it. When Flex offered to let him spend the night, he didn't know if it was a sexual invitation or not; he didn't know how to respond. 

Flex could sense his hesitation and he left the question open for him to decide. He got up, turned off all the lights, lit a few candles and came back, this time, taking off his towel and letting it fall to the floor. He stood there for a few seconds, letting his new friend take everything in. "Does this make you uncomfortable?" Ernesto shook his head but didn't say a word. He climbed back on the futon, this time even closer to Ernesto. His heart started beating faster, the blood started pumping in his veins; he was being seduced. Flex reached out to kiss him softly; Ernesto forgot to close his eyes; he wanted to see everything. The kiss was soft and gentle and in many ways atypical of most of kisses Ernesto had ever shared with someone. Usually the men he was with were closeted, intent on proving their masculinity, on dominating the proverbial white man behind closed doors, playing up the thug/Mandingo role. He let his eyes close gently, experiencing the kiss with the rest of his senses. He could smell the clean scent of Flex's skin, still fresh from the shower; he could feel the softness of his lips against his own. He could taste his tongue gently exploring his mouth and he could hear the soft moan escape from his own lips in awe of the sensations he was feeling. 

"Okay, Mr. Massage therapist," Flex said, "let me check out some of your magic," as he pulled away from the sensual kiss. He stretched out on his stomach, adding, "Let's see if you can work out some of this tension I have in my shoulders."

Ernesto said, "Hold on, let me get my bag." He returned a few seconds later with a special blend of massage oil he used for work. This time, he also took off his towel and let it fall to the floor as well, exposing his cock that had been half hard since they left the courts. Flex didn't even look, he had his head resting on his arms and his eyes closed, waiting for his massage. Ernesto straddled his legs and looked down at the gorgeous body he was about to caress. He warmed the oil on his hands and started at the shoulders, aroused by the contrast in skin colors. Flex let out a moan and shifted a little but he didn't say a word. Working his way downwards, he found the spots that were tight and loosened them; he rubbed the sore muscles and left that smooth brown skin glowing in the candlelight. He worked his way further down, hesitating for a few moments before he started massaging the full, round ass cheeks of his new friend. Flex let out more of a moan and started grinding his hips more, even adjusting himself to make his thickening tool more comfortable under him. Grabbing the bottle of oil, he drizzled it on his skin and started massaging those magnificent mounds of flesh. He wanted to stroke his own cock, now fully erect, but he didn't, he was intent on doing a good job, better than he'd ever done before. 

He worked his way down Flex's thighs and even used a few reflexology techniques on his feet. "Here, do the fronts of my legs now, I'm sore from that workout you gave me earlier." He turned over and Ernesto couldn't move. Flex flashed that gorgeous smile again but that paled in comparison to the body of perfection before him. Shoulders that were broad leading down to muscular toned arms, a hairless, well-developed chest and six pack abs that looked like a washboard. His dick stood up straight and tall and his balls were resting on his thighs. Ernesto didn't even want to look at the rest of him; he just wanted to drink in the beauty of that magnificent hard cock. 

Flex teased him, stroking it casually with his other arm behind his head. "You like that? Go ahead, touch it." He put his other arm behind his head and repeated, "Go ahead, it won't bite." 

Ernesto swallowed hard and held the shaft in his hands. The heat from it was incredible and the thickness was impressive to say the least. He grabbed it at the base and brought his hand all the way to the top, twisting his hand just a bit for a little more stimulation. Flex moaned his approval and licked his lips. "Don't stop," was all he said. Putting more oil on his hands, Ernesto started stroking more, bringing him to full hardness, coaxing out precum from the head of that delicious looking cock. 

"Go ahead, suck it, you know you want to, suck my dick." The confidence that oozed from Flex made the situation that much more intense, more erotic and Ernesto felt light headed. He wasn't being rude or domineering, he was just sure of himself, uninhibited. 

Ernesto positioned himself between Flex's legs, stroking him some more, teasing him, and Flex spread his legs to accommodate him. Fingering his balls and holding them up, he started his mouth job there, licking and gently sucking his nuts. Rolling them around in his fingers, he was getting them wet with saliva and licking the sensitive sacks. Flex appreciated the attention to his balls and let him know how good it felt. "Oh shit, it's been a long time since someone paid attention to my balls like that. Damn, that feels so good. Ohhhh yeah." He grabbed his knees, pulled them to his chest, giving Ernesto better access. Stopping momentarily to catch his breath, he put one testicle in his mouth and started flicking his tongue back and forth rapidly. Flex could barely breathe it felt so good. "Damn, if you suck my balls that good, I can't even imagine how good it's going to feel when you suck my dick and eat my ass."
