 When you are in shape, everyone wants you. You notice it in the stares, second glances and in the parting of lips with no words coming out. If you are attractive and have good oratory skills and an open mind for mischief, your chances at getting quality sex are exponentially greater. 

I am married and love my wife completely in every way, except one. Her interest in sex is not equal to mine and in fact throughout our marriage her interest in it has diminished. Honor and commitment held my libido in check until the advent of the Internet in the 1990s. It was then that my life changed overnight as a whole new world of opportunity opened up before me.

Thanks to the world of online porn, I have exposed my eyes and opened my mind to a multitude of fantasy and fetish exploration. Sexy emails, steamy only chats and incredible phone sex combine to give a safe sex alternative far better than any condom ever could. As more porn scene flicked across my brain I crossed line after line of the inhibition continuum until one day I woke in a stupor of masturbation only admitting to myself and my phone sex goddess of the moment that I wanted to suck a cock. 

That particular phone sex goddess wedged herself so firmly into my brain and heart that even if I wanted to I would be hard pressed to stop her. In every call she harvested my desire for cock, brought it out onto the table and together we explored every inch. Between calls, I fulfilled assignments by purchasing dildos for sucking and for anal sex. She taught me how to relax enough that I could deep throat 8 thick inches and when she had me impale myself on a suction-cup dildo attached to the floor and I was jacking hard, I could stop on a dime and swallow 10 inches for her.

Our favorite scenario was of us entering a sex club. She's dressed in leather and holding a leash that is attached to the collar latched around my neck. I am wearing white briefs that she snips off as soon as we're inside the main lobby. She began this story the first time I fully inserted a 1" black vibrator into my ass and rode it to orgasm. It took many calls to make even the slightest progress as I often came simply thinking about her desire to expose my naked body in a sex club. When I began using butt plugs for her, the story included me wearing a large one as we walked into the main sex room and she had me crawl onto an altar of sorts. From there, she announced to anyone who listened that I was a welcome mat for the club and that anyone who wanted to use my holes was welcome to do so. Then she extracted my butt plug and stuck it in my mouth, informing everyone my ass was clean and ready to be pounded. The orgasms I had in these calls were unbelievably productive.

One day I contacted her by chat to request permission to call her and she said that she wanted me to pay for a two-girl call. She got her way including telling me the girl to join us. She did not tell me to specify duration as these were pre-paid calls but she did tell me not to disappoint her. I requested 30 minutes which is quite expensive but also entitled me to view the other gal's private gallery.

Their pictures were fake. It said so on the site in fine print far removed from the galleries. I'd seen it during site exploration while recuperating from a multi-orgasm call with my goddess, yet still wanting more and more like a fully loaded addict convinced of needing another shot. 

Goddess guided the entire call. In it I admitted to the other girl of my homosexual interests. Goddess encouraged me to share details and so as I talked and stroked I could tell our guest girl was getting off on it. I found myself wanting to tell even more to drive us both over the edge. I liked her voice. Something about it reached me on a deeper level. But if Goddess knew that she would end the call so I kept it to myself. The call ended happily with a mind blowing orgasm.

We did other calls with that same girl and I came to know her as Charlotte until one day they had a falling out and Charlotte left the site. Goddess had her hooks in me good by that time anyway and so I had plenty to focus on. 

The fringe benefits of calling one Goddess exclusively are numerous. Thanks to the encouragement and frequent contact with Goddess, I developed the courage to explore real time experiences and share them with her. Each time I ventured further out I was rewarded with her encouragement and another mind blowing orgasm. At first I did things like look at escort ads and I even called some but then the price was too great or something else quickly changed my mind. I liked talking through my fears with Goddess as she had me jerk off for her. We looked at escort ads together and she even contacted one or two on my behalf but then I just couldn't follow through on it. 

One day I caught my gay housekeeper checking me out and I mentioned it to Goddess. She asked if he was a bottom boy and I said he calls himself a queen and she said he might let you suck his cock but more likely he'll want to suck yours. Up to that point I had honestly never considered letting a guy suck my cock. But on her suggestion the idea intrigued me. And so through the course of that call and others to follow she taught me how to seduce a bottom boy. 

Today my gay housekeeper sucks my cock weekly when he comes to work at my house. As luck would have it my wife goes to work early and so on his workdays he arrives just as she's leaving. The timing affords us the luxury for relaxed fun and games before I must dash off to work. 

She was out of town the day I seduced him into his present dual role as housekeeper and cock sucker. We were in my kitchen and I kept noticing his glances up and down my robe covered figure. As I refilled my coffee mug, I loosened my robe tie while my backside faced him. And when I turned toward the refrigerator for the cream, my robe opened enough to give him a peak at my bare chest and boxers.

I relished in the excitement of watching his eyes focus on the views of me that I let him have. With the fridge door open I pushed the robe ties downward so that when I turned toward him next time he would see so much more. I felt wicked, knowing full well that my exposure was making both of his heads swell with lust. With the cream carton in my hand I considered turning to face him and pouring it over my chest and inviting him to lick it off but then decided to just turn in his direction and head for my mug on the opposite counter. I felt the lust in his sigh as he took in the exposed view and I turned quickly so as not to linger. I wanted his lust teased and ready to pounce with conviction at a moment's notice. With my mug full of coffee, sugar and cream, I put the cream back in the fridge and then turned to look directly at him.

His lips had parted. No words came out of his mouth. There was just the sound of his heavy breathing. I smiled and moved my hands to my abs and pushed my fingers under the waistband of my boxers and held them there. When he finally looked up he found my eyes boring into his and he whispered "oh my."

"This is only going to happen if you're discrete" I said to him.

He nodded his head and said "I'm discrete."

"I expect to be sucked to completion and would enjoy hearing you swallow my load and thanking me for it."

"I can do that."

"Do you want to suck my cock?"

"Uh huh," he mumbled and nodded. His eyes were wide open.

"Are you in the habit of sucking your employer's cock?"

"No, I have never done that."

"But you want to suck mine. Why is that?"

Feeling my own lust flow through me like a rampant river heads downstream, I pushed my robe over my shoulders and let it fall to the floor behind me.

"You have a great looking body. I've always been attracted to you" he began and stepped toward me until he was only inches away.

"Do you want to kiss me on the mouth?" I asked.

He nodded as his lower lip dropped.

I wanted to kiss him suddenly. My lust was growing hotter by the second but I restrained our desire. "Not yet," I said and took one half step backward. "I want you to take my boxers down my legs as you move to your knees."

He moved quickly so as not to wait for me to change my mind. When my boxers were on my thighs and my cock fell forward onto his nose, I felt an incredible rush of power course through me. Without further delay, he quickly took my cock into his mouth. The contact felt wonderful but I had to get out of my boxers too and took another half step backward again. "Help me step out of my boxers first okay?"

He quickly shucked my boxers the rest of the way down my legs and then with one foot at a time I stepped out of them. When both my feet were firmly planted on the kitchen floor, I watched his face as he watched my cock grow harder and harder. 

"You can wash my boxers later. Just put them on the floor beside you and then start giving me head in the manner I deserve."

"You are so bossy," he muttered.

"You want it that way, don't you bitch?"

He nodded his head. 

"That's what I thought. Now let's get this started. You have a lot of cleaning to do still."

He didn't need another invitation. His movement was lightning-quick. One second I was outside his mouth and in the next second I was going down his throat and in the third second his nostrils were in my pubes. He held me in his throat for seconds at a time and then I felt him ease his way back off my shaft and onto the head. There he sucked gently and firmly and then he repeated his technique and took me deep once more. Over and over he worked my cock. Soon each time he took me deep, I held his head in my hands while I throbbed in his throat. 

"I can't remember a time when a woman gave me head like this" I mumbled.

He didn't stop to explain himself. Instead, I felt him increase the intensity of his sucking and the speed of his lips as they moved up and down the crown ridge of my cock head. His attention to detail was exquisite and the more he sucked me like this the stronger I felt about telling him I could get used to this kind of service on a regular basis.

"Your mouth feels incredible," I told him. Kind lust was quickly replacing the firm attitude I had given him only moments ago. Instead, I felt this need to be nice and I began to comb my fingers through his hair, caressing behind his ears and thrusting my hard dick into his open willing mouth. 

"Jesus Edward! I'm going to cum." I practically shouted my joy. "Please tell me you like this as much as I do. I want this again and again week after week" I said as I continued sawing my dick in and out of his throat.

He moaned and nodded while I remained in his mouth and then I felt him take me deep once more, just as I started to spray my hot cum inside him. "I'm coming Edward. Jesus man! Take it in and swallow at will!" I shouted. 

Edward moaned as I shouted out my sudden happiness and shot my load into his throat. Each charged feeling began as my cock head expanded in his open throat followed by a nice rope of cum bursting out of my cock. The combination produced incredible orgasms I had never known before and I knew then that I was completely hooked. 

On my way to work, I called my Goddess and said "you'll never guess what I did?"

"What?" 

"I seduced Edward."

"Oh my god! Tell me everything."

"I opened my robe for him the way you taught me. His eyes burned through my robe and I saw the hunger on his lips. It was so exciting. I gave him nicer and nicer views of my body and turning away from him to finish the tease just like you told me to until finally neither of us could hold back."

"I'm so proud of you darling. Keep going."

"He tried to kiss me and I refused him."

"Did you want to kiss him?"

"Later when I was coming in his mouth, I wanted to French him."

"Did you?"

"Yes. After I finished coming we had eye contact and he swallowed my load. I offered to help him stand up and then we ended up in each other's arms and started kissing."

"Oh my god Bob. Please tell me you are not kidding me."

"No! I'm telling the truth. It really happened. And it's going to happen again. At least once a week for now but I can see us meeting more frequently, especially when my wife travels."

"I want you to fuck him."

"I want to fuck him too Goddess. He's so responsive to me. Every time I called him my bitch or gave him a command, he swooned and obeyed me."

"Excellent!"

"It was so unreal. He was dressed and I was fully nude and yet I was the one in charge."

"That's awesome. I'm going to update my Blog today so the whole world can know that my pet is a Gay Top."

"Wow. May I please drive onto the shoulder and jerk off for you Goddess?"

She paused and I moved into the far right lane in anticipation of her acceptance.

"No, you may not. I want you saving your loads for Edward" she said.

"But I want to give you a cum tribute." I whined.

"No darling. Your tributes to me are the calls you make, the honesty you share with me and when you cum in that bitch you're to whisper my name and thank me."

"I forgot to do that. I'm sorry."

"I forgive you this one time but I own you darling and I want your gratitude for me expressed in his presence."

"Thank you and I promise when I cum Edward will know it's for you."

"When are you going to fuck him?"

"I don't know."

"You should plan for something special. Light candles and fuck him in your bed while your wife is out of town. Then make him do the laundry before he leaves."

"You're so mischievous. And my wife is out of town until Monday night."

"When are you going to call me again?"

"Maybe tomorrow or the next day."

"I want you to call me after you are with Edward."

"I can do that."

"Our call is about to end."

"I'm almost at work anyway. I love you Goddess."

"I love you to my darling pet. Take care sweetie." The click came quickly and then I shut off the phone on my end.

++++

All day at work and for the next several days I reflected on my experience with Edward. Though it had been planned and rehearsed over numerous calls with Goddess, and I executed that plan just was we practiced, I was still in awe that we pulled it off. Not only that but I was amazed at how good it felt to be in charge and to receive his hungry mouth on my cock and balls and I wanted more.

On my way home from work I called Edward. 

"This is Bob," I began.

"I know who it is, your name is on my cell phone" he said.

"Am I calling at a bad time?"

"No. I'm glad you called."

"I wanted to know if you wanted to come over tonight and hang out with me."

"I'd love to."

"I liked the blow job I got this morning and I was wondering if you'd let me reciprocate."

"That's not necessary. I'd love to take care of your cock for you."

"Why don't you pack a bag and plan to spend the night then. We'll have time to get intimate and then maybe you'll change your mind Edward."

"Okay" he said. "Let me go get ready."

"Are you my bitch Edward?"

"Is that what you want from me?"

"For now."

"I need my job, I don't want to lose it."

"That's not even a subject I care to discuss Edward. This is about lust. Not about work."

"Sorry."

"Don't be. It's okay to clear the air. I've never cheated on my wife before and I've never had sex with a man before you either."

"Your secret is safe with me."

"I know Edward. I trust you too. Now let me tell you my definition of a bitch and you can then answer my question. Okay?"

"Yes, I am your bitch" he said.

"Are you Edward? Are you truly my bitch?"

"Yes" he said in a heavy voice laced in lust.

"Where are you Edward?"

"In my living room."

"Open your pants and stroke your cock for me."

"I'm already there."

"Stroke it fast and hard but don't cum Edward. Promise me."

"I promise."

"You're my bitch because I want it that way. I want to call you at a moment's notice and make plans for a rendezvous. And you're going to comply with me aren't you?"

"Yes."

"You're going to satisfy me whenever I want so you don't lose me to someone else. Isn't that right?"

"Yes."

"Of course, when I do another guy you'll set it up for me."

"Yes."

"Why?"

"Because I'm your bitch and I'm responsible for your satisfaction."

"That's right. Don't you forget it either Edward."

"I won't."

"I'm 15 minutes from my house. I want you there in 30. Hurry" I said and clicked off the call.

+++++

Almost 30 minutes later I met Edward in the nude at my back door. My cock was raging hard and as he stared at it I snapped my fingers and said "follow me Edward."

I led him upstairs and into my bedroom. "Put your bag there" I said and pointed at the floor to my left. He brushed past me and set his bag down and then turned to face me. "Take off your clothes."

He shed them in a hurry, piling his shirt, jeans, briefs and sandals neatly next to his bag.

"Now come to me Edward" I said and held my open arms toward him. H sighed as he stepped close to me. When our bodies touched, I hugged him and whispered "I want that kiss you tried to give me this morning."

When his lips touched mine, I kissed him hungrily. With each passing second of contact, my lust burned hotter and hotter and I felt like I wanted to devour him as my own lust devoured me. Our tongues collided and thrashed about and I found some leverage at the back of his head and I held him firmly to my mouth. There I opened my mouth wider, gaining more leverage over him as I thrust my tongue into his mouth and pressed harder and harder. 

Edward moaned during this entire kiss. His body relaxed in my embrace and his pitch grew higher and louder the harder I kissed him. In the whirlwind of our activity he managed to find my cock and give me a nice hand job and when we finally paused to breathe I said to him "Jesus Edward I think that was the hottest kiss I've ever had."

"Me too" he said between gulps of air. 

I leaned in and kissed him briefly on the lips several times and then whispered "your hand feels wonderful on my cock." He smiled and said "this is so exciting. I never knew you would do this or make it so hot."

"You make this hot for me too Edward." I tilted my head back slightly so I could look him in the eyes and then I said "there is a part of me that you have woken up and he is growing in strength. I never thought I would feel this way toward another man but I really want to fuck you in the ass. In my mind it will be that I'm taking full ownership of your sex life."

When I finished telling him about my lust we just looked into each other's eyes a little longer and then Edward slowly lowered himself to his knees and took my cock into his mouth. As he eased me in and out of his throat I placed my hands on his head and caressed his ears and neck. My cock was being wetted more than it was being stimulated, though there was plenty of that to excite me too. Each time he took me into his throat, I throbbed. 

"If I didn't know better Edward I'd say you want my dominant cock inside your submissive ass hole. Is that about right?"

When he nodded and moaned, I applied some pressure to his head and thrust my cock as deep into his throat as I could reach and then held myself there for a few seconds and then I let go. He slid off my cock and gulped for air. But aside from that he did not complain. While he recovered I cock slapped his face and said "is your ass clean Edward?"

He looked down suddenly and said "No. I wish it was."

"We can fix that. I have an enema bag that I've used on myself just to be clean for dildo play. I like fucking my ass and sucking the cock immediately afterward."

He kissed my cock head after I let it rest on his lips and then he said "that would be wonderful." Then he kissed the head once more and stood up and put his arms around my neck and whispered "If you tell me where the kit is, I'll take care of the rest."
