 Harold was at first not sure about his new job at the mostly Black college, having grown up in lily-white suburbia. But after a month refilling the supplies of the big Black football players, particularly in the locker room, Harold was beginning to enjoy the perks. The huge Black jocks were demanding, but increasingly Harold enjoyed their company. He provided the towels, and watched closely as they dried their muscular dark bodies, their huge dark cocks half erect, swaying. The Black giants watched young Harold closely, his relatively tiny white blonde frame in contrast to their huge Black muscular bodies. Harold was sure more than one of the giant Blacks looked at him with open lust. Harold would find out for sure unexpectedly.

The team quarterback, Magnus, a huge jet black-skinned junior, was standing completely naked by his locker drying when Harold was on his way to reshelve the towels, shocked by Magnus' bold nudity. Harold thought all the jocks had left, but was looking wide-eyed at Magnus's shiny naked Black body, his huge flaccid Black cock slowly rising.

"Finally caught you alone, white boy," Magnus said, his deep voice resonating, shaking Harold and arousing him with its power.

"Oh, sorry, I thought everybody was gone," Harold managed to say, his voice shaking with fear and sudden arousal. Harold tried to look away from Magnus' piercing gaze, but feeling Magnus' eyes all over his tiny white body aroused him until his cock was tenting in his shorts. Magnus simply grinned and folded his arms, enjoying Harold's discomfort. Magnus' erection rose to enormous proportions, huge and dark and elephantine as Harold watch amazed at its size.

"Get over here and suck this dick, boy. I know that's what you want," Magnus commanded, and Harold felt no urge to fight Magnus' order. Harold dropped his bundle of towels and walked over to the Black giant, kneeling before his Black master in this moment. Harold gripped his tiny white hand around the enormous Black rod, so thick Harold couldn't wrap his hand around it, hot and pulsating. Harold looked up at the Black giant, and Magnus' eyes commanded Harold again.

Harold took the thick swollen head into his mouth, a thick strand of precum seeping into Harold's mouth. Sucking and slurping on the huge, increasingly hard and hot shaft, Harold could feel it pulsating in his mouth, while Harold's own cock threatened to cum in his shorts as he could feel Magnus' hard orgasm getting closer. 

Magnus grunted and moaned as he fucked Harold's pretty white face with his huge Black shaft. The sounds of Magnus' pleasure proved too much for Harold, and Harold's cock exploded in his shorts, Magnus' cock deep in his throat as Harold's orgasm took over. Then the Black giant grunted loud and erupted thick hot jets of Black seed down Harold's throat, Harold trying to swallow every drop of the potent Black cum while still cumming himself.

"Fuck yeah, white boy. I love you white sissy faggots," Magnus grunted as Harold sucked the last drops from Magnus' deflating yet still huge Black meat. "Gonna make you my white bitch boy. Lemme see that lil white body. Strip, boy."

Harold slowly stood and took off his tank top, shorts and cum-stained underwear. His white cock hardened again as the Black man's eyes looked over his now naked body. Magnus turned Harold around and Harold could feel Magnus' huge Black hands spreading his ass cheeks apart. Harold then felt the heat of Magnus' awesome member against his ass as Magnus looked his slender white body over. 

"Yeah, I'm gonna fuck this white ass, boy," Magnus said, his deep voice even huskier with lust. Magnus then reached in his open locker and took out a bottle of lube. 

"Assume the position, bitch," Magnus commanded, and at once Harold got on all fours on the bench. Shaking with lust and fear as he felt Magnus' hands on his ass, Harold remembered fantasizing about this as he used a giant Black dildo to fuck his ass. Harold had done so again the night before, and his ass hole was still gaping as Magnus spread Harold's ass cheeks wide in his huge Black hands. 

Harold felt the lube go down his ass, then Magnus' huge Black meat pressing at his back door, the head entering slowly, then the huge thick shaft push deep until Harold felt Magnus' huge balls, which caused Harold to orgasm immediately. 

Magnus fucked Harold slow, then gradually faster until Magnus' huge Black body slammed again and again, fast and hard against Harold's tiny frame, held in place by Magnus' big Black hands. The two both grunted and moaned until Harold felt Magnus' huge cock swell even thicker and burst hot thick cum into Harold's willing ass again and again, causing Harold to have a sympathy orgasm at the same moment.

"Ooooooohhh shit yeah. That's whats up, bitchboy," Magnus grunted as he slowly withdrew from Harold's now gaping ass, a thick dollop of cum dripping out of the gaping hole as Magnus spread Harold's ass cheeks wide. 

Harold could feel his hole gape wide as Magnus added, "You gonna be the bitchboy for the team now, boy." Harold's eyes briefly widened with shock and then lust as he looked back at Magnus, thinking of being surrounded by huge Black naked jocks waiting to be pleased as Magnus had been.

"Yes, sir," was all Harold could manage to say.