 The big cock pounding in and out of his ass hole was about to cum. Todd could tell by the panting breath, the speeded up fucking and the groans coming from his fucker. Any moment now, he'd feel the 13th load of the afternoon gushing into his hot fuck chute.

His official title was Equipment Manager for the college soccer team and he definitely managed the team's equipment. It was a volunteer position and ever since the team found out that he was more than happy to volunteer his hungry mouth and always ready ass hole to their cocks he'd been fucked by every member of the team on a regular basis.

They were having a typical Saturday afternoon practice. He'd stumbled on the path off of the practice field that led to an abandoned house earlier in the spring and had soon shared the knowledge with the team. After the guys were on the field, he'd slip away down the path and the players would follow him singly or a few together.

There was a ground floor window missing with a broad sill that was perfect for him to lean over and present his ass for fucking on one side while getting his throat fucked on the other.

And that was where Todd was now, in his favorite position with a hard dick sliding in and out of his ass. He could feel the big cock get even harder and swell inside of him, and then the guy fucking him thrust his meat as deep into his hole as he could. Boiling spurts of ball juice coated the walls of his ass one after the other, soothing his abused boy cunt.

Just as the last spurt filled his guts, Todd and his fucker were startled to hear a deep voice yell, "Just what the fuck is going on here?"

* * * * * *

He'd never been athletic. A childhood auto accident had left him with a permanent limp so there was no chance he'd ever qualify for a team sport that valued speed and agility. He'd tried to make up for it by religiously working out and now, as a sophomore in college, he had a sleek muscular body that he was proud of. He'd also become a big supporter of the school's soccer team and when the Equipment Manager position had opened up, he'd been the first and most enthusiastic applicant. 

He loved traveling with the team, making sure that all of their needs were met. He especially loved being on towel duty, handing out clean towels to the athletes as they exited the showers and seeing their nude athletic bodies. It wasn't too long after he'd started in the position that his interest was noticed and it wasn't too long after that that he'd found himself on his knees with a cock plowing him from both ends in the locker room. He'd been in heaven ever since, getting his as and face fucked on a daily basis by beautiful college jocks.

* * * * * *

Todd felt the softening cock hurriedly yanked out of his fuck hole and he swiveled around to a standing position. 

Mr. Fallon, the college soccer coach, was standing at the entrance to the trail. He had definitely seen him getting his ass fucked and even if he hadn't it wouldn't take much to put it together since the team member was standing there with his shorts around his ankles and a dripping, rapidly shrinking dick while Todd was also nude from the waist down with a full hard on. The coach took in the scene, and then said to his player, "Get your ass back on the field, NOW!"

The player didn't need to be told twice. He swiftly bent, pulled his shorts up and ran from the scene. The coach looked Todd up and down and then said, "I'll see you in my office after get back to the school. Make sure that all of your duties are taken care of before you come to see me."

* * * * * *

The rest of the day passed in a daze. He knew that he was going to lose his job and when word got around, he'd never be allowed anywhere near the other sports teams. How would he ever be able to get the dick he needed, now?

Handing out towels, it became obvious that the rest of the team had heard what happened. A couple of the guys tried to reassure him that it wasn't so bad and a couple volunteered that even if he wasn't with the team anymore, they'd still fuck him on a regular basis. But nothing seemed to lighten his sense of impending doom.

He'd always been a bit frightened of Coach Fallon. First of all, he was only five feet tall and the coach was all of 6' 6". And all of it was muscle; there wasn't an ounce of fat on him. If that wasn't enough, he was also hyper masculine, thick wiry hair coating his forearms and probably the rest of his body, too. It was like he was born with an extra male chromosome or something. Plus, he just looked like a mean motherfucker, with a big lantern jaw, steely eyes and short brush cut hair. He was at least 45 and still looked like he could kick every ass in the room. He'd have been really hot if he wasn't so intimidating. 

Finally, he'd done everything he could think of that required doing and the only job left was to go to the coach's office. Reluctantly, he walked down the hall and knocked on the coach's door.

"Come in." the coach sternly commanded.

Todd opened the door and stepped in, then stood beside the door with his back against the wall. The coach got up from behind his desk and walked over to where he stood. At first, he was afraid that the coach was going to physically strike him but instead he just reached down, locked the door and pocketed the key.

After giving him a hard stare, the coach walked back over and sat down in a chair in the corner of the room.

"Would you mind explaining exactly what you two were up to when I caught you this afternoon?" he asked.

All of the possible lies he could tell ran rapidly through his mind while he stood there, pinned to the wall by the coach's merciless stare. At last, he decided to be a man and tell the truth.

"I was getting fucked." Todd said. "In the ass by one of the team members."

The coach stared at him, inscrutable.

"Has this happened before?" the coach asked.

"Do you mean today or in the past?" he answered before he had time to think about what he was saying.

"Jesus, let's start with today." the coach said.

"Well, yeah, I got fucked earlier today."

"And may I ask by whom?" the coach asked.

"The team."

"Yes, but who on the team?" he asked and then suddenly looked incredulous. "You mean the whole team? You've had 14 cocks up your ass today?"

"Well, only 13. Prosser said he was too hung over from last night and he didn't think he could get it up, so just 13."

"Just 13." the coach repeated like he couldn't believe what he was hearing. "You must really love getting

ass fucked."

"I do." Todd said. He could feel himself blushing. "It's like a sickness, I just can't get enough. I know you must think I'm really twisted and that you're really mad at me but I'll do anything to keep my job. I'll go to therapy or anything you say, just tell me what I need to do."

The coach sat staring at him for a couple of long minutes until he finally said, "Strip."

"You mean right here, now?"

"You said you'd do anything. I want to get a look at this ass that my whole team has had their dicks up."

Todd kicked off his shoes and skinned his t-shirt up over his head, then dropped his shorts to the floor. Standing nude in front of Coach Fallon he was strangely excited and against his will he could feel his cock starting to harden.

"I'll say one thing, you've got a hot little body." the coach said. "You've got a surprisingly big dick, too, for such a small guy. Now let's see that ass."

He swiveled around so that his back was to the coach and he could feel his eyes exploring his ass.

"That is a cute little butt." he said. "Bend forward so I can see this fuck hole."

Now Todd was really embarrassed. He did as he was told and then heard the coach ask, "What have you got stuffed in your hole?"

"It's a plug." he said. "After I get fucked, especially if I get fucked a lot, I like to shove a little butt plug in my ass to keep the cum from running out. After a few hours it gets absorbed into my guts. I like the feeling of having all of those guys' juice inside of me."

"Holy fuck, you are a nasty little fucker aren't you?" the coach said behind him. "Do you remember the day you came in to apply for your job? You were wearing a t-shirt and jeans. The t-shirt showed that you had a nice little body but the jeans were so tight that there was no question that you had a really superb little ass. Those jeans are what got you the job."

Todd couldn't believe what he was hearing. He stood up and swung around to where the coach was sitting. The coach was wearing an old sweat shirt and a pair of sweat pants and in the crotch of the pants there was a large bulge that hadn't been there before.

"I am mad, just like you said." the coach told him. "I'm mad that you've been giving up that boy pussy to every guy on the team but you never even thought to give it to me."

"But you're so macho." Todd said. "I never would have thought that you were the kind of guy who fucks other guys in the ass."

"Let me tell you something, kid." the coach said. "Any guy with a hard cock is the kind of guy who'll fuck another guy's ass. Now, how about you show me how much you want to keep your job by coming over here and sucking my dick."

Todd couldn't believe his luck. He dropped to his knees and crawled over to where the coach sat. He crouched between his legs and slowly removed each of his shoes and then his socks. When he stood up to peel the coach's sweatshirt over his head, his hard cock bobbed inches in front of the coach. The coach reached out and grasped his cock shaft.

"This is a good sized dick." he said. "Do those boys ever play with it for you?"

"Mostly they just want to get their rocks off and get done." Todd said.

"Young guys are so fucking dumb." the coach replied.

The coach's chest was matted with thick hair, just as he had suspected and Todd couldn't resist running his fingers through the fur and feeling the hard upright nipples on the muscular chest under his hands.

Coach released his cock and he knelt back down between the coach's legs. He untied the drawstring of the sweatpants and the coach raised his hips so that he could draw them down over his legs. As they slid down over his abdomen, they momentarily were hung up until the coach's huge cock sprung free and slapped back against his belly.

Todd was amazed at the size of the cock in front of him. Looking up from between the coach's legs, he guessed that his cock was at least 11 inches long and bigger around than his wrist. Coach's meaty ball sack was so long that it hung over the edge of the chair and the two fat nuts in it were as big as hen's eggs.

The coach was smiling, looking down at him.

"See anything you like?" he asked. 

For a long minute Todd was speechless, staring up at the delicious looking dick and gorgeous hairy body in front of him.

"I've never seen a cock that big." he finally said.

He wrapped his hand around the thick shaft and then ran it over his face, feeling the massive dick pulsate against his cheek, mouth and nose. Then, he lowered his head and buried his face in the coach's lush, meaty ball sack. The delicious scent of manly balls and cock filled his nostrils.

"So I take it you like my cock?" the coach asked.

"I've never seen one so beautiful." Todd said.

"Why don't you see if it tastes as good as it looks?"

Todd held the giant cock upright, one hand around the base and the other just under the flared cock head while he lowered his face and opened his mouth. The deep red cock head filled his mouth fuller than any dick ever had and as he slid it into his mouth, not even half of it was inside of him before it hit the back of his throat. With his head bobbing up and down on the thick column of meat he thought about those nature shows on TV where a python unhinges its jaw and swallows a gazelle whole. Only in this case, he was the gazelle trying to swallow a python.

He took the cock out of his mouth and held it so that he could lick up and down the veiny shaft and use the tip of his tongue to burrow into the wide piss slit. Then, his tongue slithered down to lap at the huge balls, feeling them slip and slide inside the sack as he tongued them. They were so huge that he could only get one of them in his mouth at a time. 

He was conscious the whole time that the coach's ass hole was inches from his tongue so he grasped the coach's legs behind the knees and lifted them up and back. The coach's muscular ass cheeks opened in front of him and he got his first look at the tiny puckered hole they covered. There was a thick growth of wiry black hair surrounding the dusty rose colored opening. It was clenched tight and raised in a puckered knot. He stuck out his tongue and licked at the hot, moist opening.

"Oh, you filthy little fucker!" the coach said. "Eat my asshole. Get your tongue in there."

Todd did as he was told, his tongue prying its way into the tight furl and then sliding in and out of the clutching hole. He could feel it loosening so that more of his tongue penetrated with each stroke.

"Okay, cock sucker, get back to work on my dick."

Todd reluctantly pulled his face from between the coach's buns and wrapped his mouth back around the big meat stick.

"Get your ass around here so I can play with your hole while you suck me." Coach told him.

He stood up, never releasing the thick cock in his mouth and swiveled his body. He was standing beside the coach, bent over with his ass spread to his probing hand while Coach's cock was at an even better angle to rape his throat.

The coach found the plug in his ass and started to push and pull it, fucking his cum filled hole. The sensation flooded Todd's whole body, making him want more of the meaty dick to fill him. He forced the massive cock head deeper in his throat each time, feeling it slide deeper and deeper.

The coach used his other hand to feel Todd's cock.

"You must be having a good time." he said. "This fucker is as hard as a brick." 

He stroked Todd's shaft, making Todd even hotter for his cock.

Todd kept swallowing and pressing the thick column into his throat until finally only the last two inches were still free.

"Goddamn, you're a talented little cock sucker, aren't you?" the coach said. "Nobody's ever throated that much of my dick. A little more practice and I bet you could swallow the whole thing."

Todd backed the huge meat out of his throat and then said, "I want this monster up my ass."

He moved to stand backward between the coach's legs and pulled the plug out of his wet ass, then slowly lowered his hips, guiding the hard meat to his hole. When he felt the wide head poised against his opening, he began a slow steady descent on it. He could feel his hole expanding and blossoming to admit the thick meat. A bit more pressure and his ass ring opened to the max and the fat cock head popped inside of him.

"How's that feeling?" the coach asked. He loved the way his big shaft looked with Todd's little ass cheeks spread open around it.

"Like the first time I got fucked, all over again." Todd replied.

He let his body weight carry him down and the gigantic shaft slowly disappeared up his hungry hole, inch by thick inch. Finally, he bottomed out and could feel the giant head nudging the back wall of his ass.

"How much more cock is there?" he asked.

"You've only got about half of it in." the coach replied. "Maybe that's enough for now."

"No, I can do this." Todd said. "Just give me a minute."

Todd moved his hips so that the big cock head slid over the inside wall of his ass, stroking the tender tissues. Finally, he felt it hit a pocket inside of him and he knew he'd found the next opening. He pressed his ass down and the massive cock head gradually opened the inner ring and lodged inside. More pressing downward and the shaft followed, causing Todd to gasp as it broke open the virginal inner ring.

He was sitting on the coach's lap, stiff pubes rubbing against his tender ass cheeks. He bent over and looked up between his legs so that he could see the thick shaft buried in his tiny ass hole, then laid back against the coach's broad hairy chest.

The coach reached around and grasped his hard upstanding cock and said, "This is how you can tell a guy who truly loves getting his ass fucked. You just forced that big piece of meat up your guts and I know it must have hurt but your cock is still as hard as a crowbar."

The coach was stroking his big fist up and down Todd's cock while his other hand played with and pulled on Todd's balls. Todd could feel his ass chute slowly expanding and relaxing around the coach's thick meat.

"You about adjusted to having a fire hose up your butt?" the coach asked.

"It feels incredible." Todd replied. "I've never felt so full of dick."

"Good" the coach said. "Because I rarely meet anybody who can take my whole dick and I intend to pound your little ass into oblivion."

"You can do anything you want to me as long as you keep your big dick in my hole."

The coach put his arms under Todd's armpits and wrapped his arms around his chest, then stood up from the chair. Todd was hanging in the air in front of him with the giant cock up his hole, holding him in place.

The coach began to move his hips while holding Todd in the air, his cock sliding in and out of Todd's ass. It was as if all of Todd's senses were concentrated in his ass and he lat out an involuntary groan of pleasure.

"We're just getting started, baby." the coach said. "You're going to be walking bow legged when you leave this office."

He began to lift Todd's body in the air and then letting him slip back down as he thrust his cock into his ass so that Todd was riding his cock and getting fucked at the same time. His ass was open to its widest and the coach's fat cock head popped in and out of his second ass ring with every stroke. Todd had never felt anything like it.

The coach carried him over to the desk and Todd lifted his legs so that his feet were on the desktop. The coach's cock was at the perfect level and angle to ravage his little ass and Todd began to move his hips to meet the incoming monster each time. His ass had never been fucked so expertly before.

"You love it, don't you, you horny little bastard." the coach said. "I can feel your asshole tightening around my cock every time I fuck it and I've got cum dripping off of my balls that was up your hole."

"This is the best fuck I've ever had." Todd said. "Destroy my hole. Make my ass ache for a week."

The coach lifted his body up and rotated him like a piece of meat on a spit so that Todd was lying on his back on the desktop. The coach crouched over him, his feet on the floor and his upper body supported by his muscular arms, his massive cock still buried deep in Todd's hungry ass.

"Now you're going to get it, you nasty little cock sucker." the coach said. "I'm going to pound your hole till you beg me to stop."

He grabbed Todd by the hips, lifting his ass off of the desk and began slamming his cock into his hole as hard and deep as it would go. The sound of flesh slapping against flesh filled the room and Todd surrendered to the onslaught, his ass hole the center of his consciousness and feeling. The coach pulled his hips violently against him with each thrust of his cock, burying it deep in his body, popping the inner ring open and closed and stroking his prostate. Todd felt like he was having an out of body experience, it was such an intense fuck.

Just when he thought it couldn't get any better, the coach swept the papers and books off of the desktop, and climbed atop it. He looked down at Todd, and then dropped his muscular body on top of him. Todd wrapped his arms around the coach's torso and his legs around his waist so that his ass was spread wide and open for the pile driving cock in his ass.

"You dirty little fucker. You nasty little fuck hole, you love my big dick, don't you?" the coach whispered against Todd's neck. "You love having my cock fuck your ass. You want my cum inside of you, don't you?"
