 The penultimate part of the 'Butt Monkey' series of stories by Robert Furlong

===

It's not every day one gets caught by one's own son being anally pleasured by another man, but that's how Saturday had started out for me.

I'd woken rather later than I usually would, a consequence of a very eventful evening with Bradley which had gone on well into the small hours, and had staggered out of bed to make us both a coffee with the time approaching ten.

Just as when we'd got into bed, it felt odd to be waking up with another man lying next to me in my bed, snoring gently and with his stubble coming in thick. I'd looked at him for a few minutes from my own pillow, serenely asleep and with a half-smile on his lips as though he was still basking in the satisfaction of the twin orgasms he had enjoyed before we'd slept.

I'd spent my first night with another man alongside me, the two of us having used each other quite strenuously for sex before we'd slept. Although it felt strange to be waking up next to a member of my own gender, it also felt surprisingly pleasant; I had to accept that I now shared my bed with men as well as women.

As I got out of the bed and straightened the duvet over Bradley, I noticed underneath it that his large cock was prominently erect. Mine was too: we both were sporting similarly-sized morning stiffies.

It was good to know that, like me, he woke up horny. I hoped that after I'd woken him, we could masturbate together -- or perhaps more -- and I wouldn't feel guilty asking for morning sex from someone who was so obviously aroused. With the vast majority of women I'd been with, my ex-wife especially, morning sex had always been a matter of strongly expressed inconvenience. If we'd had sex the night before, like I had with Bradley, there was no point even asking. I was the only one of us who ever seemed to wake up feeling randy and usually I was forced to tend to myself in the privacy of the bathroom.

With Bradley -- and with most men, I expected -- some kind of sexual release in the morning was probably regarded as standard fare. Whether we were just able to manage a hasty tug together or we could run to something more involved, I assumed that with a member of the male sex in my bed, most mornings would start with matching erections which would bring with them opportunities for sex; perhaps even expectations of sex.

I'd pulled on my dressing gown and had made us both coffee. Then I'd brought the mugs back to bed with us

He awoke as I lay back down next to him.

He stretched noisily, his armpits bristling with his thick, coarse hair, and then took a grateful gulp from the mug I'd placed next to him.

"Morning," he grinned, his voice sounding husky.

"Good morning, Bradley," I smiled back.

"How do you feel?" he asked. "Any regrets?"

"None at all. What about you?"

"Of course not," he shrugged. "But, then, I'm used to doing this kind of stuff."

He took another slurp from his drink.

"Is it okay?" I asked him. "I had to guess how you might like it. I thought, with you being a beer drinker, you'd have a sweet tooth and would probably take sugar."

He chuckled. "I've been shagged by Miss Marple."

"Was I right, though?"

He laughed again. "As it happens, yes. Sounds like a lucky stab in the dark to me, though..."

"Well if it was, it wasn't the only one," I chuckled. "Having never shared a bed with a man before, I hadn't realised how much... well... jabbing goes on in the night."

I vaguely remembered, through the veil of my sleep, that Bradley's excitement had been prodding into me several times during the night. At one point, I seemed to remember half waking up with it throbbing against my hip and oozing precum onto me, a sensation which I'd found so pleasant that my own slumbering organ had quickly roused and assumed a similar state. 

He grinned at me, taking another drink. "It wasn't all one-sided, mate. You were humping my bum-cheeks at one point."

"I can't believe that," I laughed. But then, vaguely remembering grabbing him to me and sliding myself up and down between his firm, round buttocks, added, "Well, maybe just a bit."

"It made me so horny, I almost asked if you fancied quick one!" he laughed.

I looked over at him, surprised. "Really? Does that happen when you sleep with guys? In the middle of the night, I mean!"

Such things had been practically unknown when I'd spent the night with women. If I'd ever have woken Linda up for a quick one in the night, I'd have found myself unceremoniously castrated.

He chuckled. "When we're both up for it, yeah -- of course it does!"

I marvelled at the thought of it, gaping at him in disbelief. Was there no end to the advantages of having a male lover?

He laughed again at my expression of incredulity.

"Only a quick one, mate, like I said. A little wank together... maybe a quick suck of my cock, if you'd be up for it... something for you, but I don't know what since you're not into being sucked --"

"You could finger me while we were wanking off," I cut in.

He smiled. "Yeah... that kind of thing. Just a quick one in the dark to keep us both going 'til the morning. Where's the harm in that?"

I grinned back at him. "Absolutely! I never knew other people woke up in the small hours with thoughts like that. Especially after two orgasms."

He smirked over at me, remembering his impressive double climax. "You're with a bloke, now, Rob. You should remember that whatever goes for you, pretty much goes for me too."

I nodded, pleased to know that sex in the middle of night was deemed acceptable between two males if one happened to wake up horny and found the other in a similar state.

We took a few drinks from our coffee cups and then Bradley raised his side of the duvet and looked at himself under at. Then he looked back at me and said, feigning contrition, "I think -- in the absence of any fun during the night -- my boys might need a bit more attention now."

I raised my side and did the same. "Hmm... I think mine might too."

"Would you be up for a round two?" he asked.

"Yeah!" I grinned, before reminding him, "Except in your case it would be round three, of course. What sort of thing did you have in mind?"

I rather liked the idea of us kneeling together, chest-to-chest, and masturbating both our cocks together. I'd like to feel our pairs of big, swinging knackers banging together and I'd like to kiss him again, something which I'd found surprisingly arousing the previous evening.

But Bradley had other ideas.

"I was thinking, maybe," he began, "you might like a repeat of what we did last night -- when I was in front, taking your cock from behind. Except this time, maybe, we could change places, so you'd be in front."

"Wow, yeah!" I exclaimed, grinning at him. I hadn't thought he would want to anything too strenuous first thing in the morning, but since he did, I was very happy with the prospect of finally getting to feel what it was like to have a man's organ inside me.

He grinned back and the duvet rose up a little as both our cocks started throbbing.

I raised it and sniffed at the warm, moist air underneath it. I'd always enjoyed the strong, sexual scent of my own aroused cock but now that there were two under there, the combined odour from our erections was so much more intense. I inhaled it, savouring the sharp, virile whiff of our exposed swollen cock-heads, both of us slick with our precum, and the thicker, cloying sweat from our hairy scrotums, each of us rising prominently with the twin mounds of our already-replenished balls.

I turned to say to Bradley with a grin, "It smells very sexy."

He took a sniff under the duvet himself and announced, "The manly whiff of a pair of horny, oozing cocks."

"And two pairs of big, sweaty bollocks," I added.

"And a couple of hot, sticky arseholes, ready for some fun," he finished with a laugh.

I chuckled but I wasn't sure I could quite smell those, although I was sure, once we got started, I probably soon would.

As he was expecting to bugger me, I thought it best to go to the toilet as thoroughly as I could before we started while Bradley made us both more coffee. When I got back to my bedroom, he'd returned with two fresh cups and had switched the clock radio to a station which he obviously liked but I didn't know. Some nineties-sounding soft-rock track wailed out sounding tinny and vaguely unpleasant.

"How do you want me?" I tried to ask over the noise.

"Uh?" he grunted, unable to hear me.

I walked over to him and turned the music off.

"I was enjoying that," he complained. "I like music during sex. A nice, smooth ballad with a woman; something with a bit more kick to it when I'm with a guy."

I switched it back on but set it to a lower volume.

"Okay, so how do you want me?" I repeated.

He smiled and turned the volume up a bit louder. It was louder than I liked it, but at least we could hear each other over the top of it.

He gestured towards the bed and said he'd like me to get on all fours. I assumed he was indulging me because I'd told him I like the doggy position. As much as I was attracted to the position, I wanted to try something different.

"Why don't you lie this way," I suggested over the noise of the music, "on your back. Let me do the hard work."

I preferred to stay in control during my first taste at being fucked. I'd read something on the internet about some receiving men acting as "power bottoms" and I was intrigued by the concept.

He smirked and shifted his position on the bed, lying across it, and gestured for me to squat over his face.

I smiled back at him, liking the idea. This was the position Guy had been when I'd first discovered the unexpected (to say the least) appeal of what lurked in the hairy crevice behind his balls, and it appealed to me that I would finally get to experience what he had that night.

Bradley's cock was largely floppy as I clambered over him and straddled over his face, but as soon as lowered my big, hairy ball-sack down onto his nose and mouth, I was pleased to see it begin to steadily stiffen.

He grinned up at me and then took first one of my swollen testicles into his mouth before moving across to the other. It felt odd to have him licking at my balls and I found my cock wasn't responding the way that Bradley's was. I think somewhere, deep in the back of my subconscious, there was some deeply rooted fear preventing me from being able to fully relax with another man's teeth so close to such a vulnerable area. I'm not saying that I thought he was going to bite me: I just felt inexplicably uncomfortable to have another male -- on some primitive level, a potential competitor -- slavering away at was, after all, the seat of my own masculinity.

I don't think it helped, either, that the DJ was chatting away on the radio. Music I could tolerate; listening to some guy harp on about last night's 'X Factor' while I was having my balls sucked was just too off-putting.

Thankfully, another track soon started up and, as if on cue, Bradley pushed himself backwards on the bed to nuzzle into the hairiness just behind my balls. Eager to guide him on his way, I eased myself forwards a little, and bent further downwards to open up my cleft. He moaned in his appreciation, and I felt his tongue licking up at the ridge between my balls and my hole.

Now this was starting to work for me!

My cock rapidly began to lengthen and thicken at the feel of his tongue licking teasingly close to my puckered entrance, and I watched it rise steadily upwards from my balls as it developed in size.

Bradley's cock was also growing and moved across his stomach like the second hand of a clock as it stiffened and thickened until the swelling head of it was level with his belly button.

When his tongue had reached the furrowed ring of my anus, he circled it a couple of times and then surprised me by pulling back.

"Cor!" he laughed loudly, over the noise of the music. "You taste as strong as hell!"

"Oh God," I cried out, pulling up from him. I thought I'd been meticulously thorough in my cleanliness after using the toilet. "I'm so sorry, Bradley!"

I'd avoided using soap as I knew he would want to smell me rather than Imperial Leather, but perhaps warm water had not been enough.

But Bradley wasn't disgusted: instead, he grabbed my thighs and pulled me back down onto his face.

"No," he called up to me. "It's not like that! It's just so raunchy... so much more intense than last night... you smell as horny as fuck!"

I smiled, relaxing a little. "Are you sure?"

His tongue reached up and tasted me again. It circled my hole, like a searchlight searching for whatever it could find, and then jabbed more firmly in the middle of my ring. Anticipating what he wanted, I relaxed my anus slightly to allow him to enter. His tongue pushed up inside me, easing warmly into my passage like a plump, round worm.

I gasped with the delight of feeling him inside me, although the concern that he might pull out and start gagging was still forefront in my mind.

I opened my ring a little wider and he pushed in more deeply, licking and tasting my most secretive tunnel. I could feel his breath hot against my hole and his nose inhaling deeply in my hairy crack.

My cock hardened and rose upwards to full size, and I pushed myself more firmly against his face. I didn't want to touch myself and risk ending this exquisite pleasure far too soon.

He grabbed the tops of my thighs with both hands and reached up with his tongue into my rectum, becoming more confident the deeper he got.

Then he pulled out again and for a second I feared my taste really was too strong for him.

"If you're still wondering if I'm sure?" he asked, "take a look at my cock!"

It was rising upwards from his stomach, gently pulsating at full-size in mid-air. Its head was a deep crimson colour and a dribble of ooze gently wept from its slit making a small puddle on his belly.

I relaxed in the knowledge that the taste and smell of my bum were having this effect on it and I smiled at the sight of how aroused he was.

I couldn't get over the fact that men were so expressive during sex. There was no trying to second-guess the effect of each caress and kiss: with a man, his excitement was prominently -- and in Bradley's case, very prominently -- displayed.

I loved sex like this: it was so open and straightforward.

"You taste amazing," he went on, as the track on the radio ended and another started up. "Your arse is so hot and delicious. I want to rim you as deeply as I can and then I want to fuck you, Rob. I want to fuck you so hard that the two of us will be sweating and squealing like two dirty fucking pigs!"

I smiled, enjoying having him talk to crudely to me.

"Get your tongue stuck back up my hole and eat me out," I replied, keen to continue the theme. The word 'manstink' came back to me from having heard it long before and I was eager to use it. "Feed on my manstink, Bradley! Fucking wallow in it!"

Lowering my arse back down onto his face, I felt his mouth smile against my cheeks as he worked his tongue back into me. I made my hole gape open for him and he plunged himself deep up inside me, revelling in the crudeness of my innards by lapping greedily and sucking strenuously.

I reached down and angled his cock upwards towards me. And then, while he rimmed me so fervently and intimately, I bent down and sucked just as hungrily at his cock-head. It throbbed in my mouth, grateful of my attentions, and fed me with its ooze of nutritive precum which I gulped down appreciatively. I felt like I was a baby taking milk from a bottle, except this was another man's large and bloated cock that I was so ardently suckling at.

I loved being with him like that: me feeding on the gently oozing dribble from his mushroom cock-head; him eating so vigorously at my widely gaping arsehole. It was as if we were nourishing one another: two men taking sustenance from each other's heaving bodies.

Sensing his excitement growing and fearing he might climax early as he had the previous night, I nuzzled down into his sweaty, hairy bollocks, licking and sniffing them and enjoying the knowledge that the seed inside them which was making them swell like over-ripened plums, would soon be squirting upwards inside me.

I couldn't remember ever feeling so aroused and turned-on.

Sex with Bradley was so different from anything I'd ever experienced with a woman; the two things were barely comparable. Our bodies were so surprisingly -- and yet so comprehensively -- compatible that I couldn't help but wonder why I'd never had the sense to do this before. As men, we were both ravenously hungry for sex and, as men, we were both able and equipped to provide seemingly endless pleasure for each other.

Why had I wasted so many years trying to impress women only to receive mere snippets and scraps of their attention? Why had I stayed with Linda so long, when all she'd given back was the occasional disgruntled morsel of affection?

Sex with another man was sex as it had been meant for me. Why had it taken me so long to discover that?

I pushed deeper between Bradley's legs and sniffed at the opening of his moist, hairy arse crack. His odour was strong and pungent and I felt my cock throb in anticipation. Just sleeping next to me in my bed overnight had enlivened and revitalised his scent back here, and I plunged my face between his cheeks, inhaling as deeply as I could the frank, manly flavour of his amazing backside.

My tongue quickly found his extruding, bulging ring, and I licked at him breathlessly. Like he had with me, I found his taste far stronger and more intense than it had been the previous night. Perhaps it was a morning thing; perhaps male anal glands are more active overnight.

I drove into him again and we rimmed one another together: two men being as intimate together as it's possible to be. As I lapped at his hole and felt him feasting on mine, I doubted if sex could feel any more exciting.

We were two men with our tongues slurping at each other's arses; with our fat, hairy balls throbbing against each other's chins; with our rock hard cocks aching and dribbling against each other's chests: surely this was heaven!

He pulled back from me and I did the same to him, loving the sensation of having the smell of his bum on my nose and mouth.

I really wanted to fuck him again but now it was his turn to be pleasured. This was all about Bradley's cock; Bradley's manhood.

I looked down at the erection that was going to take my anal virginity. It looked big and thick and almost scarily inflamed, but I was ready for it.

I was ready to give myself to him.

Perhaps I would have preferred if this had been Guy beneath me, about to give me my first taste of male penetration.

But no. This was Bradley. This was how it had worked out. There was no point dwelling on regrets.

He struggled out from underneath me and reached across for a condom.

He said, "How do you want to take it, big boy?"

'Big boy'. Guy had called me that.

I covered the memory with a smile. "I want to sit on your cock, Bradley."

He smiled over at me. "I thought you'd want it doggy style."

"Maybe next time," I suggested. "But this time I want you to see my cock when you fuck me. I want you to see how excited I get."

He grinned more broadly. "If you're sure you'll enjoy it. I don't want to be staring at your cock growing soft. Kind of puts a guy off, you know?"

I smiled back. "I don't think there's much fear of that."

He surprised me by leaning forwards to kiss me. After a brief but quite intimate kiss, he said, "In that case, I'd love to. You have an incredible, beautiful cock, Rob, and it'll really turn me on to look at it while I'm fucking you."

