 It was mid afternoon, but it still felt too early to be up. In the weeks since that night, he had been taking too long to fall asleep and sleeping too late. Some nights, it was because he was afraid of the memories. Some nights... it was because he couldn't stop touching himself to the memories. 

Jamie had been in rehearsal and interviews all day, and he was exhausted. They rest of the band had gone out for drinks, but Jamie had opted out and returned to the hotel. He was looking forward to laying down in his hotel room and staring at the t.v. until he fell asleep.

A deep, familiar voice across the lobby pulled him from his stupor.

Victor was there, flanked by two large bodyguard looking fellows. He was talking on the phone and looked calm and collected. Jamie's heart nearly burst but chose to beat as rapidly as a hummingbird's instead. Victor was just as intimidating out in public as he had been when Jamie was trapped with him in that tiny dressing room.

The memories flitted around his head, thick with emotion. Jamie could remember every detail with vivid clarity. He stared at Victor, too full of the man's presence to realize he had to move. His eyes flicked down the man's body. When they returned to his face, Jamie's heart stopped beating.

Victor's eyes were locked on Jamie. 

Jamie finally unfroze. He took off running. Just get to the elevators...get up to your room.

He was too much in his head to be aware of Victor following him.

Jamie waited until he was safely on the elevator before he allowed himself to permit his anxiety to well up from where it was hiding in his stomach. His head bowed, and he crowded close to the cold chrome of the elevator wall so he could lean his forehead against it. "Breathe, breathe," he whispered to himself quietly. The doors closed quietly and he heaved a sigh of relief.

"Hello, Jamie." Victor watched him from the corner. 

Jamie squeaked. "How — what?" How had he not noticed the man standing there? He was so large.

Victor had to give a small smile at the surprise on Jamie's face.

The adrenaline rushing through him was now coming from rage as much as from anxiety. His fists clenched as he turned to face Victor. "How dare you talk to me?" 

******

It was quite astonishing to have someone standing up to him, let alone someone so small. He laughed a little.

The doors dinged open. Victor followed Jamie into the hall and got in front of him. When the boy tried to go around, he put out an arm. He loomed over Jamie, hand splayed against the wall. He crowded into the slim youth's personal space as close as he could. "Don't walk away from me. And look into my eyes when I speak to you."

Jamie's chin trembled. His big brown eyes met Victor's cold black-blue ones. Every line in his body was taught as though he was afraid and angry, but the curve of his body betrayed the lie — he leaned into Victor's dominance of him. Victor could see his desire outlined in his pants.

Victor took his chin in his hand. "So soon after I hurt you, and you are willing to defy me. You are a strange boy."

Jamie wrenched at Victor's grip. "Go away."

"Don't presume to order me." He leaned in and took Jamie's mouth possessively.

Jamie wrenched his head away but not until after letting Victor's mouth linger against his. "Fuck you. You're a monster!" 

He pushed at Victor to get by. Victor let him go.

**********

An hour after Jamie had finally gotten himself calmed down, the door to his room was opening. Thinking it was his one of his bandmates, Jamie picked up a pillow to throw at whomever came through. "Hey!"

It was Victor. 

Jamie scrambled off the bed. "Get out of — how — "

Victor was the picture of elegance and calm. He waited with his hands in his suit pockets for Jamie to quiet. Jamie eventually did, but he couldn't quite control his breathing. 

**********

"I was glad to see you today," Victor said. Those big doe eyes widened at his words, and it was enormously gratifying for Victor to see. He moved until he was in Jamie's personal space. The boy tried to back up, but Victor matched his every move, staying right in his space, putting his mouth within kissing distance of Jamie's. 

Jamie put a hand against his chest — to stop him or just to touch him, neither of them probably knew.

"Don't," Jamie whispered.

Victor kissed him in response. Jamie pushed with both hands against the larger man to no avail. Was he really trying? He wrenched his lips from Victors. "You can't do this," he gasped out.

"You belong to me," Victor said, "I will do what I please."

************

Jamie shook his head vigorously, and then Victor's mouth was back on his and his arms were wrapped around him. Jamie whimpered; there were so many sensations — Victor's mouth was warm, aggressive but soft; his arms were strong; they held him up. He was confused by how good it felt. He hated Victor...

Victor lifted him so that his feet barely brushed the ground and walked him to the bed. He sat and pulled Jamie so that he was straddling his lap. Their erections pressed together. "You want this as much as I do," Victor said as he used his hand on Jamie's ass to press their groins together. "You were meant for me."

"Did you follow me here? What kind of sick stalker are you?" Jamie ground out. His mind was so fogged with lust, he could hardly talk.

"Coincidence," Victor said, "You shouldn't stay in such nice hotels." His hand traveled up Jamie's spine and found his hair. He gripped it and yanked his head back. His neck was exposed. Victor put his lips there, trailed them down the long, smooth column, then nipped where his neck met his shoulder. Jamie squeaked. "I would've found you again any way. We're from the same city, you know." Then Victor's hands were under his shirt and moving up the flesh of his torso. One large hand found his nipple. He pinched it and twisted, then soothed the hurt with calloused fingers.

Jamie's breath comes in gasps. "St— Stop — " He ground down on Victor's lap. 

He was being lifted again, roughly, and put on his back. Victor was still between his legs. He was above him, loosening his tie. Before Jamie could clear his head and move away from the other man while there was space between them to move through, Victor's hands were on his wrists and he was wrapping the tie around them until they were firmly tied. 

He pulled Jamie's shirt off and left it tangled at his wrists. He was rougher with his pants, yanking at the zipper and fabric in a rush to pull them off the lithe young man. He had to pull away from Jamie to get them fully off his legs but moved too fast again for Jamie to take advantage of the space. He was back on top of Jamie in a second, between his legs, one hand grasping his tied wrists, the other playing with the skin of his side, hip to ribs, like he was handling something delicate. In contrast, his mouth was rough on his neck again, nipping and biting and sucking.

Jamie arched under him, or tried to. Victor was heavy on top of him and he could hardly move, but he wanted to — he mewled in frustration at being trapped.

The bastard laughed at him. He pressed him down with his whole body. "Tell me what you want," Victor said.

"Fuck you," Jamie managed. 

Victor laughed again. He reached his free hand between their bodies and undid his belt and zipper so he could pull himself out. Hot flesh met his own. They moved their hips in opposing circles until Jamie was ready to burst.

Then, finally, finally, Victor's hand was on his cock. He gripped them both in one large fist and pumped. "Tell me," Victor commanded against his throat.

"Just—" Jamie gasped out, "Just do it."

Victor's fingers found his entrance and pushed in, using his own pre-come to slicken the way. He kept Jamie on the edge with his other hand while he worked him open. Jamie's arms were free to move, and he slung them, still tied, around Victor's neck. He fingers scrambled at the man's suit coat. He could not maintain control over himself long enough to actually grip the cloth in fingers; he would fist it for brief seconds until sensation would overpower him and he would lose his grasp.

Victor pulled condoms and lube from somewhere. And then he was inside him. Slow or fast, Jamie had no concept of how he had gone from empty to filled, except he was. The pressure against his prostate made his eyes roll back. Victor seemed to know exactly how to angle himself to best spark pleasure in him.

They moved together so easily like they had been built for the other. Jamie's cock rubbed against Victor's strong stomach while the man's cock rubbed against him just right from the inside. It all welled up inside him until he couldn't take it anymore and he exploded. Victor came right after him with a growl in his ear.

Jamie lay there, exhausted. He stared up at the ceiling. His pupils blown wide, hair in disarray, completely limp. 

Victor rolled off him then tenderly untied his wrists. He lay on his side and stroked Jamie's hair for a handful of seconds. Then he was standing up and straightening his clothes, using tissues from the bedside to clean himself off.

Jamie propped himself up on his elbows and watched him. His eyes followed Victor's nimble fingers as they retied his tie.

"I'll see you soon," Victor said. His face was cold and impassive, but his eyes glinted with something Jamie could not place.

"Yeah, sure. You got what you came for, you asshole," Jamie muttered. He sat up and started pulling his knees to his chest.

Victor bent over him, forcing him back down against the bed, arms on either side of his head. He held Jamie's eyes until Jamie closed them and held his breath in fear of what was happening. Victor pressed his lips against his in a brief kiss. "I have to go."