  Don't panic if this seems familiar! This is the original version of a scene from a book I wrote that I ended up majorly toning down for the actual novel (it ended up being a love story, so I wanted to start the book off far less... mean). I still liked the scene I originally wrote, so I decided to put it here for people to enjoy! This story has non-con elements, so don't read if that isn't your thing. 

*********

Six people moved around the brightly lit stage, but Victor was watching the slim figure at the microphone at the front. Jamie Ewan. 

Peter Ewan's younger brother, the lead singer of the band Not Enough, and the man Victor was here for. 

He sounded good. Victor didn't listen to much music, but he could tell the kid had a set of pipes inside that small body. He was easily the centerpiece of the band — the guitar players and drummer were more conventionally attractive men, tall, toned, square jawed, and the women on bass and keyboard were beautiful, but there was something about the way he moved himself that brought every eye to him and the sweet, versatile voice that kept them there. He looked about 5' 10" and had fine, delicate features under a flop of thick, dark hair. 

Despite himself, Victor was paying close attention to the show. He had come intending only to observe the target since his band had coincidentally been in the same city as Victor when he had decided that Peter's grace period on his debt was up. He had always found it best to give small events like this, punishing a small time offender, a personal touch when his schedule allowed. But then he had found himself caught in the music and the performance of the band - and the sight and voice of Jamie Ewan most of all. He could not take his eyes from him. The young man was beautiful and had incredible presence, which was a heady combination; he held the crowd in the palm of his hand. 

Victor was easily twice his size; he did not think much of the kid's chances when one of his men, all equally large, finally got the chance to punish him. Peter Ewan had a debt to pay, and Victor was going to have it extracted from Jamie. It was just business.

His cadre of assistants and bodyguards also seemed enraptured by the band. It was obvious why they were gaining in fame. Their music was original, while fitting the trends of popular music enough to draw in fans. Victor caught his number two and main assistant, Roman, tapping his foot to the beat.

Catching his glance, Roman leaned in close. "They sound pretty good."

"Yes," Victor replied.

"Too bad," Roman said. "They won't be that special once..." he nodded his head towards Jamie.

Victor just blinked. It had to be done. A nobody like Peter Ewan could not be allowed to cross him to no consequences. Especially since the man had risen in power as Not Enough's manager while the band had risen in fame. He should have paid his debt to Victor long ago and hadn't, stringing him along for some unknown reason — did he think his growing fame brought him special concessions? Not from a man like Victor. He would bring him to heel, in that there was no doubt, and show anyone who was watching what happened to people who crossed him.

He could feel Peter's presence in the venue, somewhere beyond the stage. Every day Peter Ewan lived his life without being afraid of Victor was a slight to Victor's pride. His reputation was damaged with every day that went by and Peter did not suffer for crossing him. 

He watched the boy on stage swing his hips as he trilled his way through a rather impressive run. Victor's pants were suddenly too tight. 

He leaned to Roman, eyes on the singer. "I'll take care of this one personally." He said. "You'll wait for me nearby, keep anyone from interrupting. The others can wait outside."

"Ah — " Roman began to say something and stopped, "Yes sir."

The set lasted another 15 minutes before ending on a wild song that had the audience dancing. Loud applause followed the band off the stage. A bare handful of minutes went by, each filled to the brim with loud applause and shouting, before they were running back out for an encore. 

This song started slow, low lights, minimal melody, and ended powerfully, with a long, soaring note. In Victor's eyes, Jamie might has well been alone in the center of the stage. Victor's heart beat faster during it. 

"Thank you, everyone, for your love and support. It's been an honor to make music for you," said the pretty bassist when the song was over.

____________________

The post-show high was the best thing Jamie felt it was possible to feel. He was so elated coming off stage, he almost felt dizzy with it. Peter met him as he headed to his dressing room. "Great show! You sounded amazing, as usual." 

A taller, bulkier version of Jamie, Peter was easily recognizable as his brother. Peter yanked him in for a giant hug and ruffled his hair. The over-the-top affection made him uncomfortable, as usual, but he acquiesced to what his big brother wanted, as usual.

"Damn straight," came the voice of his best friend and one of their guitarists, Jack West. Jack gripped the back of Jamie's shoulders, "I swear I can't hardly play sometimes; I'm too busy listening to you!"

"Hush you two," Jamie snapped, but he was grinning. "We all did good, as usual."

"Snacks are here," Aimee, their bassist and main backup singer, trilled as she passed behind them. "Hurry or Ricky is going to eat them all. And busses are running late, not sure why, Irma said something, something, busses are running late." The pretty blonde carried her beloved instrument in one hand as she passed them at full speed, heading for the snacks.

"Sure, snacks, late busses, got it." Jamie squirmed out from under Jack's grip and grabbed his large wrists. "Stop doing that," he said, "You know I'm ticklish." He pushed the taller man away. "I'm going to my dressing room to change; these pants are itchy."

Jack peeled away for his own dressing room with one last teasing squeeze to Jamie's shoulders, and Peter followed Jamie down the hall. "Listen, I, uh, gotta talk to you about something later — come to my hotel room when we all get back ok? I might have to skip away from tour for a bit."

"Yeah, sure," Jamie said, "What's the issue? Are you ok? Is everything ok?" His older brother should have been the one taking care of him, but the deadly earnest look on his face told him that he was going to have to be the protective one again. Not that Peter didn't do his fair share of care-taking; he was their manager after all, Jamie thought, but sometimes, for all that he loved his brother, he felt that the other Ewan was not quite as responsible as he could be.

"Yeah, yeah, it's fine. Just some old business I gotta catch up on." He gave a half smile. "Or something, I'll tell you about it, ok? I'll still be your manager, just gotta...go..."

"Sure, sure," Jamie said. "You better not be dying or anything." He laughed a little.

"Nah, just some stuff." He gripped Jamie's arm in an uncharacteristically serious show of affection. He was usually brazen and jokey, not sincere. Peter gave another little half-smile then left him standing, wondering, in the hall.

A bead of sweat dripping down his back reminded him of where he had been headed. He put Peter's strange behavior out of his mind and resumed his quest to peel himself out of his stage clothes.

A huge man was standing just outside his dressing room. His room was at the far end of the hall, somewhat away from the others, so he supposed that security must have stationed someone down there for extra protection. Their band was fairly big, so for each of them to have their own dressing room meant stretching venues to capacity and using every room available. He often shared with one of the other guys or Aimee shared with Petra. This time, they were playing somewhere big enough to each get their own.

He smiled as he thought of when they were small enough that they ALL had to share a dressing room, even the girls mixing with the guys. This is big time, he thought, that we all get our own space. They even got their own hotel rooms this tour.

The giant man raised a phone to his ear as Jamie opened the door to his room. 

_________________________

"He's in." 

Victor hung up the phone. Finally.

He had to give himself a moment at the door. He let himself picture the way the kid had moved onstage to sweeten his anticipation. 

Then he opened the door. Jamie was still dressed in his stage clothes, tight black pants and a loose white shirt that exposed his collarbones. "Jack what — " His eyes widened when he saw Victor. "Who are you?" His eyes took in Victor's size and stature. His designer suit. "Are you with the label? The venue?"

"No." Victor closed the door; he put his back to the door and locked it behind his back where Jamie couldn't see. "I'm Victor Knight." The young man didn't react to his name. Interesting. That meant he likely didn't know what was happening with Peter. He loosened his tie.

"Ok," The kid's instincts were finally kicking in. He eyed Victor warily. "So, what can I do to help you."

Victor licked his lips. He looked Jamie from his bare feet, up those long lean legs, that slim torso, his pale neck to that beautiful face. He was going to eat this kid alive. "I have a message for your brother, Peter. He owes me, and I'm here to collect. 

"I'm supposed to torture you and leave you scarred and bruised. Show your brother and the world what happens when you cross me. But I want something much sweeter from you. I can't help it." 

Jamie dashed past him for the door. Victor caught him around the waist and easily tossed him back. He stalked him across the room with measured, slow steps.

"Get out!" Jamie scrambled away from him. "Don't touch me."

"If you keep screaming like that, you'll draw someone here, and my man outside will be forced to kill them."

That made Jamie freeze. Victor took advantage and lunged. He grasped the kid and had him back against the wall quicker than the boy could gasp in fear. He got that slim neck in his hand. Squeezed. "Take it, boy, it will go so much easier for you." Jamie gave a strangled whimper and a desperate push. Victor took that whimper as tribute into his own lips. He licked and nibbled at Jamie's mouth while the young man writhed under him. 

He moved from his mouth to his neck, freeing up space by dragging his palm down that pale column to the base of his neck. It put his thumb in range of those collarbones; he took full advantage and stroked their firmness under that smooth skin.

With his other hand, he went for Jamie's hip, then his crotch. To his delight, he found a hard bulge there. He pulled away from Jamie so he could look at his face. Swollen lips, flushed cheeks, wetness in those giant doe eyes that had so captivated him. "Is this for me?" he asked. He rubbed his palm over Jamie's erection in slow, firm circles. The boy whimpered. He sucked in his bottom lip.

He grasped the boy's wrists and pinned them above his head. Jamie was struggling against his grip — he had not liked attention being called to his arousal.

Jamie forgot his admonition to be quiet, and a scream came from him. "Stop!"

Victor shook his head at him. He pinned Jamie against the wall, body to body, and put his hand over his mouth. "Quiet now." He tightened his grip on his wrists until the boy whimpered in pain. "Do exactly what I say from now on." He resumed his assault on Jamie's throat and mouth until he was satisfied he had tasted every inch of it, even dipping low to the hollow above his collarbones.

He threw Jamie to the couch.

Jamie tried to get away from him again, crying out when he couldn't move fast enough to evade Victor. He kicked and squirmed under Victor's heavy body. The feeling of Jamie moving under him like that was almost too much to bear. He just held himself still and let the smaller man wiggle under him. When he tired of that, he grabbed his wrists again and pinned him against the couch by wrist and throat. He put just enough pressure to make breathing difficult but not impossible, and that slowed Jamie's frantic movements. 

He dragged him up by the hair. One handed, he tore at Jaime's pants until they were down around his knees. Under them, he was wearing a tight pair of blue briefs. Jamie twisted to try and stop him when he reached for the waistband, to no avail. Victor gripped and pulled and soon Jamie was bare from waist down.

Jamie was fully erect. Victor grinned at it. "Just for me?" 

Jamie gasped and turned his head away. "You monster, it's—it just happ—Fuck you!"

"Exactly," Victor said. Jamie's eyes widened at that; he bucked up. Victor pinned him down with one large hand on his chest and engulfed his cock in his mouth in one smooth movement.

Jamie squeaked. His hands batted ineffectively at Victor's head. Victor took his time. He worked his mouth on Jamie's shaft while his free hand found it's way along the crack of Jamie's ass. He teased him slowly with lips and tongue. The hitch of Jamie's hips told him that, against his will, he was getting pleasure from Victor's attentions. 

When Victor's fingers found his hole and his first finger pressed in, Jamie whimpered and went limp. 

Victor pulled off him so he could see Jamie's face. He continued to work at his hole. One finger, then two. What he saw was beautiful. Messed hair, wide, blown open eyes, and in them...complete and utter surrender. It felt like a gift, to see him like this, and one that he wanted to keep only for himself forever.

Forever?

Three fingers now, coated in the lube he had in his pocket - he had had one of his men bring him some more for his own benefit than his target's, but now, seeing Jamie like this, he was glad to have it for him.

Then he was easing his way inside Jamie's tight little hole. He hadn't bothered taking anything off himself, only opening his pants enough to free his cock. He did pause, however, to take Jamie's shirt off, so he could finally see him fully exposed. 

He ran his hands over Jamie's chest and down his stomach, lingering over the bellybutton with his thumb, dipping at it as though it were a different hole.

He moved out a little and back in.

Jamie squeaked. His fingers twitched.

Victor wrapped the boy's legs around him and got his hand back around his neck. It would be so easy to bruise him. He had already left bruises on his wrists, maybe his side where he had grabbed him and thrown him earlier. The temptation to leave his marks was great.

Greater still was his need to move. He thrust his hips forcefully. "Take it, little Jamie," 

Jamie's breath hitched in his throat as Victor fell into a rhythm. His ass was so hot and tight around his shaft, he hardly knew how he was going to last. 

He pulled out so he could flip Jamie on his stomach. He wanted to see that ass fully, those shapely smooth cheeks - the boy was fit from all the dancing he did onstage. He eased himself back inside, groaning at the pressure. That firm ass looked so good around his cock. He slapped it to see what would happen. It gave a little bounce.

He started moving into him again. Yanked back his head by the hair. 

Jaime gasped with every measured thrust. Then — a squeak and a moan. The sight of his face contorting in orgasm, even from the side, pushed Victor to his own finish. He bit Jamie's shoulder as his orgasm ripped through him, and he filled Jamie's cute little ass with his cum. 

He stayed on top of him to catch his breath. 

He was still a little hard. If he wanted, he could go again. And yes, he wanted.

But he had somewhere to be, and Jamie's friends would come looking for him soon. He had been here long enough. He dropped a feather-light kiss on the back of Jamie's neck.

He sat up and pulled Jamie up as well by his upper arm. The kid hunched in on himself next to him. 

"You need to make sure to tell Peter everything that happened here. And make it clear that it is his fault. And that I showed mercy this time — I could have killed you outright. Either he pays me, or I do kill you." Victor knew he was lying - he did not believe he could kill Jamie - but he could not let him or his brother know that.

Jaime stood, fists clenched at his sides. "You're a monster. Mercy? I didn't do anything! If your problem is with my brother, then you should've — " 

With Jamie now standing in front of him, Victor took the opportunity to look his fill of Jamie's naked body. "What? Hurt him instead? Are you wishing pain on your brother? He's not as cute as you; I would not have been so gentle with him." 

"Get the fuck out." Jaime put the couch between them. 

"Make sure he knows what happened. I would avoid being around your brother in general from now on. He's mixed up with some bad people, not just me. Just because he's family doesn't mean you have to be around him."

Jamie just glared, so Victor left with one last comment, "Make sure you tell him it was Victor Knight."

Victor closed the door behind him. He adjusted his tie at the knot and ran his hand through his hair to put it in place. He could still taste Jamie.

"Done, sir?" 

"Let's go."