 I've always been a big fan of football, not so much the game but the players. I think it all started when I was 18 and a senior in high school when I became intimately familiar with the football team. 

I was a bit of a nerd in high school. I ran around with the bookish crowd, but was not the most intellectual of the bunch. In my black plastic rimmed glasses and white starched shirts I looked more like a junior executive than a high school student. Because of that, I fit right in with the literary club, the drama club and the other groups of kids who banded together in an attempt to fend off the inevitable taunts that went with the territory. 

I was a little overweight, a problem that has plagued me for most of my life. I was also not very athletic, something I managed to change as I grew older. Today, I work out regularly and though I am a bit beefy, I am happy with my body. Back then I was not very happy, mainly because I was still deep in the closet. 

Because of some health problems, and mainly because I was terminally shy, I ended up spending my gym classes as the locker room supervisor. The entailed managing the basket room where students checked their belongings, passing out towels after workouts and tidying up the locker room after class.

I guess this position suited me well for a variety of reasons. First, I had a quasi-authority. I controlled the towels and guarded the valuables. Secondly, I got to avoid taking a shower, which meant I wold not have to be naked in front of the other boys. I know now my shyness was due to my fear that I would become aroused around so much naked male flesh. I am proud to say that today, I have gotten over that problem as well. Oh I still get aroused, I am just no longer shy about it!

The coach became quite friendly with me and eventually asked me if I would like to help out with the Varsity Football team, all seniors and 18 like me. Since that meant that I would be able to see the hottest and the hunkiest guys in school naked on a regular basis, I agreed. 

I became the equipment manager. That meant I was the one who arranged all the pads and uniforms before practice and games. I also was in charge of cleaning and taking care of the equipment as well. It was a job I took to with zeal, and though it meant neglecting a few meetings of the book club, I became the envy of my peers. Later, I found out that most of them turned out to be gay. Big surprise!

Spending all that time with the football team gave me an opportunity to come out of my shell a bit, and soon the players became downright friendly toward me. I would chat with them after practice about their girlfriends and school, and listen to them go on and on about the games they played. I acted as though I was intently interested in every nuance of the latest play they were running, or just how close they cam to making that goal. In reality I just liked being around them. I liked their rugged budding masculinity and the physicality they shared with each other. Where else could you pat guys on the butt and not be thought of as a little odd?

One afternoon after a late practice session, long after the school was emptied, I was walking around the locker room picking up the last of the towels and a couple of stray jocks when I heard sounds coming from the Physical Therapy room. Our school had a special room with a whirlpool bath and massage table for use during the most intense training sessions. 

As I neared the door, I recognized the voice of the second string quarterback, Dan. He was kind of a big guy for a quarterback, but very quick on his feet and had a good passing arm. 

"Aw man, that's awesome!" There was something in his voice that told me he wasn't just having a conversation. As I nudged the door open, I had that suspicion confirmed. 

Dan was spread across the massage table, still wearing his football pants and pads. His rounded butt gleamed in the shiny crimson fabric. As I looked in further I saw the source of his pleasure. Josh the tight end, was massaging his thighs and backside through the fabric. 

"Shit your ass feels nice in these." Josh reached up to the waist of Dan's pants and pulled the kidney pads out and tossed them on the floor. 

"Now I can really feel that ass."

And feel it he did. Josh lovingly caressed, kneaded and stroked the quarterback's tight butt until Dan was writhing in pleasure. Josh was pretty worked up as well as I could tell from the huge bulge in his jock. 

Just as the pressure was starting to mount in my own pants, Josh couldn't stand being separated from Dan's hot ass by the fabric of the football pants any longer. He grabbed the waistband and forced them over Dan's round butt. 

"My God you have a fine ass, boy" Josh said, running his hands over the white skin framed by the straps of Dan's jock. 

"Better than John's?" Dan moaned.

"Way better," said Josh. "But I guess you are pretty familiar with his ass, aren't you?"

John was the Center and Dan spend long hours with his hands between John's legs taking the snaps during practice. 

Dan was bucking as Josh ran his finger down the crack of his ass. " Oh yea." Dan whimpered. "More than once I've felt his cock get hard while I was waiting for the snap, too." 

"Figures." Josh agreed.

They were too far gone to notice me standing there rubbing my crotch watching the two hottest guys on the team get it on. At least that's what I thought.

Dan turned to face Josh, about to lock him in a sweaty embrace when he spotted me.

"Oh Shit!" Dan turned white as his jock. 

Josh turned to look at what had caught Dan's attention and his eyes burned when they saw me.

"Looks like we got company, " Josh spit the words out in a way that made me tremble.

I tried to speak, but my voice was only a whisper. "I didn't see anything at all guys." 

I started to retreat through the door, when Dan's voice stopped me cold.

"Get in here, Kurt" 

I stammered something about having to clean up the locker room, but before I could flee, Josh had my wrist and was dragging me into the room. Once I was fully inside, he locked the door and slammed me against the wall.

"Look, Kurt." Josh said with a seriousness I had never heard ni his voice before. "Dan and I were just unwinding after practice. Guys like us get pretty worked up out on the field and we need to work out some of our energy before we can really relax, you understand?"

"Sure," I muttered, "I understand. I'll leave you guys alone and get on with my cleaning."

Josh released his grip on me and stood back a little. He looked down at my crotch and saw the evidence of my hard cock straining at the fabric of my jeans.

"Looks like you got pretty worked up too, even if you didn't work out with us."

I blushed and started to move to the door when he caught me again.

"Maybe you need to unwind a little too?" Josh reached directly to my crotch and grabed my rigid cock through my pants. "Yep, you got you a lot of tension there."

He squeezed my hard dick and I gave an involuntary gasp. "What do you think, Dan, think Kurt could help us unwind?"

Dan had stepped our of his football pants and was standing before me in only his jock and his pads. He reached into his bulging jockstrap and pulled his hard cock out. Waving it at me he said, "I think this is what Kurt really needs, isn't that right Kurt?"

I didn't speak, but my hungry stare gave them my answer. Though I had only seen cock sucking in the hand full of faded magazines under my bed, I knew it was what I really wanted to do. 

Dan took my stare as a cue and he motioned to his stiff seven-inch cock.

In a flash I was on my knees licking his dick like an ice cream cone. It was smooth, silky and hot. It smelled like sweat and Right Guard, and I knew I had to have it all. Soon I had the entire thing in my mouth, sucking it like a pro. Dan moaned as I gave him the most enthusiastic blow job imaginable.

Josh meanwhile had stripped and moved behind Dan to continue working on his ass. From the way Dan was bucking I assumed that Josh had at least one finger up Dan's ass, making his cock twitch in my mouth.

"Aw fuck, that is good!" Dan groaned as he thrust into my mouth. 

From what I could see, it looked like Josh was rubbing Vaseline on his cock getting it ready to invade Dan's tight hole. 

Dan bent over slightly and steadied himself on my shoulders as Josh pressed his dick into him. He moaned a little, made a few gasping sounds and then began to move in rhythm with Josh as he got fucked and blown at the same time.

Dan's hard dick was smashing into the back of my throat with each of Josh's thrusts. It was as if Josh was fucking my mouth right through Dan's ass. I was whimpering with pleasure as he thrust again and again into my mouth. 

I was rubbing my cock furiously through my jeans as I sucked Dan's hard pole when he stood up and grabbed my head, he groaned loudly and held his cock deep in my throat. That's when I felt the gush of cum spray my throat. Wave after wave of hot cum pumped into my, filling my throat and bubbling into my mouth. I swallowed to keep from drowning on his cum and it tasted so good. 

"That's it Dan, tighten that ass on my dick" Josh cried as he rammed deep into Dan's butt. His own cock exploding and flooding Dan with his cum. Both of the hunky football players shuddered as their orgasms subsided. I continued to suck Dan's cock until he had to force my off it.

"Enough! Shit you are greedy aren't you Kurt?"

I was panting, cum dripping from my chin. "Sorry"

"Oh,. Don't be sorry, you got a fucking amazing mouth." Dan said wiping the sweat from his face. "Just a little intense after getting off."

Josh, gradually pulled out of Dan's ass and fell back against the massage table, his cock now soft and covered in Vaseline and cum.

"You got a damn fine ass there, Dan." Josh smiled. "And I thought I was supposed to be the tight end?"

They both laughed, then turned to me. 

"Heck," Josh said, "this is no way to treat a teammate. Kurt hasn't shot his load yet."

Dan helped me up and in a few moments had my clothes off me. Josh grabbed me around the waist and hoisted me onto the massage table. "Here, Kurt." He said, " Time for a little therapy for you too."

With that both Josh and Dan proceeded to lick and stroke me to the most intense climax of my life. And once I had shot a big load of cum all over myself, they wiped it up with their hands and fed it back to me drop by drop.

After that encounter, my job as Equipment Manager made my senior year in high school go a lot easier. Even better, I became good friends with the rest of the team, though not in the same way as with Josh and Dan. 

I did notice that the coach treated me a little differently, too. Thought I never could confirm it, I long suspected he may have helped his star quarterback unwind a few times as well.