 "All accounts of this story are true. One of the many true stories of my experiences that I plan on sharing. In order to protect the name of the individual I will refer to him as "H"."

I've always considered myself straight. For as long as I can remember I've never had a problem getting women. Even though I'm a pretty short guy only standing 5'6 tall somehow I always managed to pick up a lot of women. Although I'm still very much attracted to women and love sex with them, I've been carrying a dark secret that'll I'll probably take to my grave. I enjoy taking cock.

I've always had fantasies about being taken by another man but was always too chicken shit to act on it. I've never really been into gay porn, but I would often watch straight porn and picture myself as the woman in the scene. Being fucked by a strong man in all the positions he would put her in. I would jerk off a lot to these fantasy but after I cum, I tossed the fantasy and the back of my mind and continue my life as a straight male until next time.

I ended up getting married at the young age of 24 to a beautiful woman and we ended up having a beautiful child together. I was a faithful husband to my wife at the time, and to be honest I had no reason to not be. The sex was amazing and we were always trying new things in the bedroom. At the moment it seems my desires to be with another man had faded. Or so I though!

Unfortunately our marriage didn't last long due to some infidelities on her part and man was I crushed. We ended up divorced and going our separate ways. After become a newly single male those same desires would soon creep back into my mind. I felt now was the perfect time to act on those desires, so I went looking.

I ended up finding myself on Craigslist in m4m section and posted an ad titled "bi-curious male seeks first time bottom experience." I got a ton of responses but none of them really caught my attention that is until I received an email from H. He was an older black male in his 40's who had recently separated from his wife. He described himself as 6'0 235 with a football build. 

Over the next few weeks we would chat quite a bit through email. We talked about our fantasies and sometimes we just talked about life. He told me how he had played with men before and that he'd be happy to be my first. Needless to say I was starting to feel very comfortable about meeting him. So we set up a meet at his apartment the following weekend.

As the day approached for me to finally meet H I was extremely nervous. He sent me his address, so I took a good shower, got dressed and hopped in my car. He lived about 40 minutes away which seemed like hours for me. I finally pull into the his apartment complex and emailed him that I was here. He responded with "the doors unlocked, just come on in." And so I did.

I walked inside his apartment and there stood a tall stocky black male and thankfully he looked as good as his pics. He had a very strong build and looked like he could pick me up with one arm. Needless to say I was completely turned on. He had on only a towel as he said he just got out the shower. We said out greetings and then he escorted me back to his bedroom. I sat on his bed facing him while he leaned against his dresser. I could feel my eyes drifting towards his towel. I couldn't but help to notice his bulge. 

He asked me if I was ready and what did I want to do first. I told him I wanted to move slow and start off taking him in my mouth. He proceeded to move closer towards me while loosening up his towel at the same time. I swear time started to slow down at that moment. I knew what was coming and that I couldn't back out now.

He dropped his towel and revealed a gorgeous black cock that was limp but still looking about 6 inches and thick. The closer he moved towards me the closer his cock got to my mouth. I was ready. His black cock touch my lips and I could smell his the scent of his old spice body wash. I couldn't believe this was actually happened. That I was finally about to fulfill this fantasy.

I took my right hand to grab his flaccid cock and being kissing on the tip. He let out a soft but manly moan. I begin sucking just the head and I could feel him beginning to grow. I wanted to tease him but I couldn't hold out any longer so I put my whole mouth around his cock and begging sucking him slowly. I could feel him getting larger by the second inside my mouth. I could feel his veins as I ran my mouth up and down his shaft slowly.

He then grabs the back of my head and pushes me all the way down on him. I gag and he releases me. I let out a loud moan and just look at his cock for a plot second. Now he was fully grown and at least 9 inches long. I went back to business and started sucking his cock faster. Leaving a trail of spit running down his cock to his balls and eventually on the floor. 

He says to me "damn baby you know how to suck this dick." And that just made me want to please him even more so I start jerking him while I'm still sucking him. He's moaning like crazy and I could feel his body starting to shake. I knew he was close to cumming so I picked up the pace. 

Sucking him and jerking him faster at the same time. I hear him say "oh baby I'm about to cum." So I stop sucking him and continue to jerk him and I could feel his cum oozing out of his beautiful black cock and onto my hands and the floor.

He lets out another loud moan and asked me "are you sure you never done this before?"

TBC...