 I looked over at Dave from my vantage point on the bench, my locker door hanging open, my hand poised to close it.

"So, did coach tell you what he'd do?" I asked. Dave stood naked at the opening to the shower room a few feet away from me. I couldn't help but notice his slim form, perfect in my eyes, hairless except for the patch of curly blonde hair above his currently flaccid dick, and his heavy balls. He noticed me looking at his cock, and he grinned, his dick starting to lift as it hardened. The air was heavy with steam, and the funk of bleach and sweaty male scents of many years.

Dave's brows furrowed as he considered my question. "No. He said he was going to think about it. But he did say that he didn't want any disruptive influences on the team, and he couldn't think of anything more disruptive than THAT." Dave Wilson was the star receiver on our high school football team, the Midland, Kansas Devil Dogs, state champs last year and the year before, and on track to be champs this year, too. I was backup QB. My name's Ryan Matthews. Dave had been outed in the school paper, and now the question was, would he be allowed to stay on the team?

Dave was 18, 6'3" and 210 pounds, most of it fast. He was almost a lock to make All-City, perhaps All-State, until this little problem cropped up. Where the rest of us were fighting for a little piece of fame in order to lock down a scholarship somewhere, Dave didn't need it - rich parents. Still, he played as though his whole future depended on his success. I admired that.

I know it sounds unbelievable in this day and age that sexuality would be allowed to ruin somebody's future career, but this was Kansas in the early 21st century, and there wasn't always the open-mindedness you would find today. Dave and I had been doing a little pitch and catch after practice (hold the gay jokes, please), working on his routes and my throws, in case I ever got into a game. So far I hadn't, but you can never tell. 

As I'd moved there from Southern Cal two years before, I guess I had a little bit more of the 'big city' viewpoint. I also had a pretty good arm, but our game plan depended more on a running game, and a running quarterback who, when he threw the ball, threw it short distances. Hence, Zack Hazley as the starting QB, and me as the backup.

Dave's gayness hadn't bothered me, as a matter of fact I considered him my best friend. We'd become close over the two years, maybe more so because of the problems he was currently having. And there was some undefined force pushing me close to him that I had been afraid to examine too closely. He'd told me of his relationship, 'fling' really, with Eddy Johnson, the editor of the school paper, and their sub rosa breakup, and apparently the editor hadn't been overly mature about it. Dave headed on into the shower, a distance of about 10 feet, and still in view as I continued to remove my gear.

For some reason, I couldn't take my eyes off him, and more specifically, I couldn't take my eyes off his ass, and then his cock, as he turned around cleaning himself under the hot running water. His ass was completely hairless, round and full, and under the hot water, bright pink. Occasionally, Dave would bend over, and I couldn't avoid the free shots of his small, pink, tight opening between those firm globes. His cock was long, and semi-hard, the water dripping off it making it look as though he was peeing several gallons of clear piss. His cock was circumcised, with a deep red head, and a lighter pink shaft. His balls hung low, and his sac was only lightly haired. Finally he noticed me staring at him. "Um, coming?" he said, doing a matador motion to get me up. Then a look of dawning comprehension lit up his face.

"Oh....." he said slowly. A grin crept over his mouth. His dick suddenly stiffened into a straight shaft, pointing towards the shower head. Dave is less cerebral than I am, but a damned sight closer to knowing his own nature. He slowly hefted his cock, hard now and a full seven inches, but slim. "I could have something here for you, if you're interested...."

My face turned beet red. "Geez, just because you're a pervert, you think everyone is," I said. I stripped off my pants and jock, and damned if my cock wasn't semi-hard. I sort of hid it with my hand so Dave wouldn't see it and give me more grief. Apparently I wasn't too successful, because a dripping Dave, with cock fully rampant, came over to me as I got under the showerhead, hoping the hot water would wash away my own growing erection.

I felt his hand on my ass, lightly cupping the curve of my cheek, almost tickling me. God, I had to admit that it felt good! "Hey, man," I protested, but Dave kept his right hand on my left ass cheek, then put his left hand on my right hip, facing me from just a few inches away. There was no denying what our cocks were doing now, and when Dave's hard seven inches touched my slightly smaller, but thicker, six inches, tickling it, I thought I'd cum from the excitement.

"Don't deny what your body is shouting," he whispered, his mouth approaching mine, his head slanting to bring our lips closer together. I was frozen, partly with fear, more so with excitement. I groaned, just as Dave's lips touched mine, and after a moment's hesitation, I was lost, throwing my arms around him, grinding my cock into his, every forgotten jack off session that featured a man's naked body instead of a woman's, going through my head. And there'd been a few, though I'd never admitted it to myself. 

It was like there were two Ryans inside me. The one who swore he was straight, and had an entire school and community, not to mention girlfriends, who would swear to it. Then there was the Ryan who, behind closed doors, jacked off to pictures of naked men and boys kissing. And doing other things. But only sometimes. That's how I knew I couldn't possibly be gay. Until that night, anyway.

Then even those long forgotten visions disappeared, when my hands discovered the reality of Dave's succulent, round ass globes, warm and wet under my hands. The sensation of another boy's ass in my hands was intoxicating, and I went wild with desire for Dave. I fell to my knees in front of him, as he tenderly placed his hand on the back of my head, and lifted his heavy balls and cock up for me with his other hand.

I was about to taste my first cock in reality, though I'd imagined it numerous times in my jack off fantasies. I looked at the swollen red head of Dave's circumcised dick, the flared open piss slit a deeper red, and slickly wet with his creamy emission. The head of his dick, much wider than the shaft, like a plump heart shape, soft on the surface, but steel inside. The throbbing vein running down the underside, losing it in the lightly tangled pubic hair coating his sack of balls, hanging down, but full of promise as a source of Dave's salty liquid.

"Suck it, Jeff," he said quietly. "Take my hard cock into your mouth, baby, make me cum in your mouth. I wanna fill your mouth with my cum." Mesmerized now, I had no choice but to lick that beautiful piece of man meat that he was offering me. I wanted it so bad....

I pursed my lips, as I imagine cock suckers do, then slipped them over the bulbous head, discovering that lots of saliva is a good idea. I already knew to keep my teeth out of the way. Slowly, his hot shaft sunk deeper into my mouth. I idly wondered at what point I was officially a cock sucker, and found that I didn't care - I just wanted that dick inside me. Dave began slowly fucking my mouth with that delicious treat. "Stroke my balls with your hand, man," Dave said. "And jack me off with your other hand." I did as he ordered, the hair on his sack feeling peculiarly wiry, and the heat of his lower cock shaft, intense. His sexy, man smell was filling my senses.

It was a matter of moments before Dave put both hands on the back of my head, pulling me deeper into him. Instinctively, I began stroking him faster. "I'm gonna cum, baby," Dave moaned, his hips pumping. "Oh fuck, baby, your mouth feels so hot on my hard cock. Suck it, suck it all into your mouth, take my load, take my full load, it's sticky and hot, you're gonna love it!"

Before I knew it, I felt an immense gush of creamy, salty hot liquid onto my tongue, followed by two or three more, lesser loads of his cum. I kept my mouth on him, not knowing what to do with his cum. Part of me wanted to swallow it, but part of me was afraid that would make me totally gay.

"Get up," Dave said gently. I rose to my feet, and Dave put his hands on my shoulders, and looked me in the eyes. "Welcome to the club, baby," he said. I felt a special shiver at being called 'baby.' He brought his mouth to mine again, and I opened my mouth to explain that I still had a mouthful of his cum. He grinned when he saw a big glob of it separate, hanging from my upper lip to my lower. "Yeah, that's JUST the way I like it," he laughed, his lips crushing mine, his tongue invading my cum-filled mouth.

We shared his cum between us, and for sure that was the moment I knew I'd fallen in love with him. His naked body felt so warm, and right, against mine.

But Dave wasn't through with me. He whispered in my ear, "We have to share everything for this to be real, baby, but we have to hurry. That janitor isn't going to stay away from here forever." Dave got on his knees in front of me, sucking in my own extremely stiff cock with a more practiced technique, jacking me while he sucked.

It felt more wonderful than jacking myself had ever felt, and even nicer than sucking Dave's cock had felt, although I had to confess I had enjoyed doing that, and wanted to do it again. His touch on my hard, throbbing cock was unexpectedly tender. His fingers stroked the sensitive underside of my balls, sending shivers through me, as I approached my climax.

That all felt really nice, but what really made my cum so explosive, was Dave sliding his hand between my thighs, tickling my hairy sac as he went, curling his hand around, and slipping his index finger deep inside my ass hole. Nobody's finger, other than mine, had ever been up my ass. It seems logical that if I liked having my finger up my ass while I jacked off, I might also like having Dave's finger up my ass while he sucked my cock. And I did, very much! He slowly finger fucked my tight ass, and after I got over the surprise I relaxed my sphincter, making it a whole lot more pleasant.

I pumped my cock hard into Dave's sucking, hot mouth, and while I was dimly aware I might hurt him, I didn't care - the sensation was that overwhelming. Dave got up and hugged me, our naked bodies in a warm and loving embrace. I began crying. "Dave, I'm not gay, why did I do that? And why did I like it all so much?" There were tears in my eyes, as I searched in his hazel eyes for an answer.

"Jeff, I don't know, I went through a lot of the soul searching I guess you're going to experience, years ago. I just know that I decided that I AM gay. As a matter of fact, I'm seriously in love with a guy."

"You are?" I asked, incredulously. "Who? Eddy, on the school paper, after what he did to you?"

"No, not Ed. I think I'll let this guy figure it out for himself. If he turns out to love me, then maybe we'll have a wonderful life together. If not...well, I don't ever want to hurt him, or make him feel uncomfortable. But enough of that, we've got to get out of here. Would you like to talk some more later?" Dave said, a little wistfully, I thought.

"Sure," I said. We went back to cleaning ourselves, but I have to confess we both did a lot of looking at each other's naked body, while avoiding touching. Maybe we could do that again sometime. I sure hoped so, though I wanted Dave to find the love he wanted so badly, even if I would be left out by his doing so.

Dave and I walked home from school, and separated about a block away from my house. We only lived a block or two apart. I was trying to work up the nerve to hold his hand on the way, but by the time I got up the courage, it was time to separate. As I was getting ready to walk away alone home, Dave called me over to a deep pool of shadow. In the darkness he hugged me, and brought his lips to mine, kissing me gently and tenderly, making my head spin with lust. I felt so confused. It seemed that my resolve to 'not be gay,' melted so easily in his arms.

I ate dinner, then worked on my homework. I thought about calling Dave, but decided that I should wait a little while, to at least not appear needy. When I got into bed, I made sure the bedroom door was closed, because I knew what I'd be thinking about, and I SURE knew what I'd end up doing. I slipped my hand down inside my tighty whities, and then decided to be extra sexy and naughty, and slipped them off so that I was naked in bed, the sheets cool against my skin. 

I brought my underpants up to my nose to smell them, and pretended that they were Dave's, and that he'd just taken them off for me, and so that I could smell them, and even lick them if I wanted.

There was a wonderful collection of smells there, a slight smell of pee, from when I'd pissed earlier in the day, a few yellow drops staining the white cotton. Ass smell, as I was a chronic brown skid marks kind of a guy. It smelled sweet. Finally, the smell of sweat mixed in with a wildly exciting musky smell of some pre-cum that had leaked out during the day. The heat of Dave's body on them felt comforting against my cheek. At least I pretended it was Dave's body.

By this time, I had a major boner again. I stroked it, lying on my back, my knees up. Long, leisurely strokes of my fingers around the 6" long, hot shaft, pre-cum leaking out, then cum in gooey white dribbles that came out while I was still excited and hot and sexy. Usually, when I make myself cum, there's lots of cum, but after I cum I'm not interested in eating it. But now, I was cumming, but still feeling sexy and hot. After eating Dave's load, it was a simple matter to taste my own, so I caught several gooey palmfuls of my creamy, white and sticky cum, and slurped them into my mouth, savoring the slippery, soapy feel on my tongue and gums, the odd, bleachy smell invading my nose, but exciting me, and loving the salty-sweet flavor, accented with an undefinable something else.

Imagining I had another mouthful of Dave's cum blasted sensation and pleasure through my cock, and I came harder than I ever had before while jacking off. I scooped that into my mouth too, even though I didn't feel sexy after that - just happy and content. I drifted off to sleep, pretending that Dave and I had kissed, and mixed our sperm together in our mouths while we kissed. I could almost feel his arms around me, and hear his voice whispering, "Good night, baby," as he nuzzled my ear softly.

Whatever was happening to me, I suspected it would cause big changes in my life. And I was so right...