 When I saw Dave at school the next day, after that evening in the locker room, and the subsequent walk home, a look passed between us. I wasn't exactly sure what to make of it, but I knew I wanted to be with him again. I wasn't sure if he felt the same about me.

During my intense jack off session the night before, I was absolutely certain that Dave would be willing to fuck me, and suck my cock, hold me, kiss me, and all the other things that excited me so much. But in the light of dawn, such thoughts seemed, well, less likely.

I finally ran into Dave, leaving coach's office as I was arriving to get dressed for football practice. From the look on his face, I could see that whatever he'd heard hadn't been good news.

"Hi, Dave," I said shyly, unsure of myself. He looked at me with a look of welcome, tinged with sadness.

"Hi, Ryan. Hey, I saw you in the hallway earlier. You're looking good, man. And, um, I really enjoyed, you know, last night." He looked at me warily, as though he expected to be kicked, which really surprised me.

"Yeah, so did I, I couldn't stop thinking about it," I said, a silence breaking out between us. Finally I said, "Aren't you coming to practice?"

Dave's mouth turned down as he said, "No. Coach said I'm unofficially suspended while they consider my position. He said that he doesn't have any problem with a player being gay, but that the school board doesn't want me on the team, only they don't want to take any formal action they might get sued for later. So, basically, I'm off the team, just not officially."

"Fuck!" I exclaimed. "That really sucks! Is there anything I can do?"

"No, man. Just lay low. It's not the end of the world, I've still got friends that like me. And...your just thinking about me helps a lot, even if you can't show it. Um, do you think you'd be interested in watching the KU game over at my house this Saturday? My dad just got a 54 inch plasma HD, and it's sweet." He looked at me like a puppy dog hoping for a treat. I guessed he was really down after the bad news.

"Hells, yeah," I said. "But I'd be there even if it was a 12 inch black and white." He grinned at that.

"It's a date, then. Er, you know what I mean." He turned red, then walked off, and I looked at him as he walked away. Part of it was my wanting to say more to him, and part of it was just looking at his ass, tight, round and perfect. I felt my jeans getting tight in the crotch, and turned to head into the locker room. I missed seeing Dave turning to look back at me, too.

Practice went okay, although the second-string wide receiver, Tillman, was nowhere as good as Dave, and I could see Coach shaking his head at the fifth or sixth dropped pass. I didn't have a lot of time to spend looking, though, because I was posing as our upcoming opponent's quarterback, the Lincoln High Presidents. The second string offense always practiced against the first string defense. Since their QB was a big passer, I got to air it out a lot more than usual, which I really enjoyed. It's always a thing of beauty to me, to complete a pass, even if it was only practice, and even if I WAS pretending to be one of the bad guys. Afterwards, though, my arm was a little sorer than usual from the extended workout.

Friday came quickly, and being an away game, it was a close game, though we won 24 - 21. The only bad thing for me, was that I only got in for a few plays, the three extra point attempts and one field goal, as the holder, and handing off to the fullback for a couple of running plays at the end of the first half.

I saw Dave after the game - he'd come out to cheer us on along with a bunch of other students, but it sure was nice to see him. We talked a little, but I had to ride the team bus back, it's a team rule for away games. On the bus, one guy tried to make some asshole comment about me talking to 'the queer,' but the other guys set him straight, as Dave was well-liked. I didn't have to do anything, but I felt like beating the guy's head in.

The next day I showered and shaved first thing. Usually I don't bother on weekends, but I had a special feeling about my visit to Dave's. Quite frankly, I hoped I'd get a chance to be close with him. I put on some clean, though well-worn jeans, a long-sleeve knit shirt and a jacket, and walked over about 11, and Dave answered the door.

"My parents are gone for the day," he said, "so we can relax." I hoped he meant what I thought he meant. I decided to find out. As soon as the door closed behind me, I took Dave in my arms and kissed him.

"I missed you," I said, and he brought his lips back to mine, kissing me back, hard. I could feel his cock, big and hard inside his jeans. "Mmm, that's nice," I said, running my hand over the lump in his crotch, heat radiating at me. We walked, holding hands, over to his sofa, the TV already on.

"God, that's a GREAT picture," I exclaimed. He had Sportscenter on ESPN, in hi-def, and it looked like the real thing when they showed game highlights. I sank down onto the sofa, and Dave at first sat in a recliner near it.

"You said your 'rents were out, right?" I asked him.

"Yeah," he said. "They won't be back until 6 or 7 tonight."

"Well, why don't you sit over here?" I said, patting the sofa next to me. He grinned and leaped over. His thighs felt warm and firm as he slid in next to me, and I quickly turned my face to him to kiss him. We reclined back in each other's arms, our tongues swirling together, the heat of our breathing racing across each other's cheek, our hands caressing, at first over our clothes, then quickly under our shirts.

My fingers went to Dave's rough, brown nipples, and I gently squeezed them, enjoying the feel of those tiny dick-like protuberances between my thumb and forefinger. He groaned with pleasure, and unbuttoned, then unzipped, my jeans, as I lay back to let him strip me. 

My undershorts sprung upwards, tenting out, as he lowered the zipper, and I lifted my butt up to let him pull my jeans down off my hips. There was a small wet spot where the head of my dick pressed against the thin white fabric. I didn't think he saw it, until he took the head of my cock into his mouth, still covered by the undershorts, and swiped his tongue over it.

"That'd probably feel better for both of us if I took them off," I whispered. 

"All in good time, hot stuff," he said, leaving a much larger circle of wetness at my cock head, then sidling up alongside me again to kiss me, as I kicked the jeans the rest of the way off. As we kissed, I began unsnapping his jeans, too, then unzipping them. I was surprised when his cock, completely unfettered, sprung up through the opening. My hand encircled his hot shaft, slowly sliding up and down the smooth rod, squeezing the plump, wet head, then brushing down against the soft bush of golden pubic hair at its base.

"Damn, man, you went commando. Weren't you scared of getting your cock caught in the zipper? I read once-"

"Shut up, baby, I want you to suck my cock now," Dave whispered into my ear. I leaned over to take his hot, hard, leaking cock into my mouth, inhaling his manly scent, musk and sweat combined. I kissed the tip, wiggling my tongue inside the piss slit, while lightly sucking on him. My hands caressed his hot balls, firm and hopefully full of cum. I felt his hands pushing me away, and looked up, confused.

"Look, the game's starting," he said. "Lean back and watch the mighty KU Jayhawks kick ass in HD." He gently pushed me back on the sofa, my ass right at the edge. While I tried to focus on the kickoff formation, KU kicking off to Texas A & M, Dave pulled off his jeans, his cute dick bouncing up and down as he moved, then knelt down between my legs. "I'll let you know when it's your turn, for now, leave the driving to me." 

Just as the KU kicker ran toward the ball, Dave's lips descended on my cock, slipping from the very tip all the way to the curly hair at the base, as he swallowed my cock in one try. I groaned with pleasure, and from there on until half time it was ALL Dave pleasuring me. After his 'kickoff' of impressing me with his deep-throating ability, he slowed down his teasing, expertly building my excitement for a freaking hour and a half (including TV timeouts).

First, he softly and tenderly kissed up and down my cock shaft, combining his loving kisses with little licks. Up the underside of my dick, from the base to the tip, then down the topside, from the tip to the base, and then repeating on each side, over and over several times. Each time he got back to the tip, he'd give my pouting piss slit a little lick, and he was usually rewarded with a pearl of my pre-cum. He'd smack his lips when he got a good taste, and I ran my fingers through his curly blond hair every so often to encourage him. I guess my moaning might have helped too.

After about 15 minutes of that, he leaned down lower to take my balls into his mouth, first sucking in one, then the other, licking, sucking, biting (gently), kissing, humming against (which REALLY felt weird, but nice) for another 15 minutes or so, letting my precum build up to an immense glob on the tip of my dick, then swallowing my cock head again. God, that felt so good, I thought I'd cum all over his face!

Then he pulled back, I guess sensing my excitement. He kissed around my bush, and stomach, letting me calm down again. Finally, when I was ready to be teased some more, he lifted my feet up to the edge of the sofa, so that my legs were completely bent, with my feet next to my ass. That exposed my inner thighs all the way to my ass hole. My butt hole tingled at the thought of what he might do there. He began by kissing my inner thighs up by my knees, and working his way closer to my crotch, in no hurry at all, gauging his progress by my moans and sighs, as he built my anticipation all over again.

When he moved his head in under my balls, I pulled my legs up over my shoulders, lewdly displaying my ass hole for his use. 

"Nice pussy, Ryan," he said. "Pink, tight but anxious to be fucked. Your little boy cunt is pouting for me, opening, then closing, teasing me, saying, 'lick me, kiss me, make love to me,' then saying, 'no, no, no please don't rape me, I'm a good boy, I've never had anything up my ass.' Umm, and it smells so sweet for me, too, baby. Your ass hole is fresh, but moist inside, and I'm going to make your little boy pussy much, much wetter, in SO many ways..."

Dave began licking along the ridge between my scrotum and ass hole, slowly working his way closer to my eager little opening. I was dying to feel him inside me again, desperately pulling my legs back so that his access to my most intimate opening could be unimpeded. I could feel the pre-cum building up to flood levels in my piss slit, which was now pointed right at my face. At that moment I SO much wished I could be one of those guys who can suck their own dick, and cum in their own mouths. What I wouldn't have given then for a mouthful of cum, anybody's cum!

At long, long last, seeming like hours since we started, Dave's long, pink tongue slowly invaded my tight hole, slowly taming my skittish sphincter, as though calming a nervous mustang (or better, filly). He began lovingly fucking my tight, hot hole with his marvelous tongue, fucking in and out of me, taking away a little more of my anal cherry, and I was eager to give it to him.

"God, your ass is delicious, baby," Dave moaned, his fingertip tracing around my anal ring, teasing and tickling me wonderfully. His tongue felt like it went 6 inches inside me, and I wanted it even deeper, gasping with the pleasure of it all. I was thrashing around on the sofa, sweating and moaning in ecstasy.

Then, Dave started it ALL over again, beginning again with the kisses and licks on my cock. I thought I'd go mad with frustration and lust, and total love for Dave. He did that three freaking times, building and building and teasing and exciting me sexually beyond all reason, until I thought I'd give anything, DO anything, to cum.

Finally, Dave began seriously deep-throating me again, as he had done once initially, his cute mouth bobbing up and down on my incredible hardness, my cum gushing out into his mouth and down my cock shaft, his hand simultaneously jacking my shaft, his eyes locked on mine, maybe the biggest turn on of all, him wanting to watch me watching him suck my cock, and watching him willingly eat my cum and swallow it.

All that excitement hit my teenaged brain, and I exploded into his mouth, no time to warn him, though I think he would have kept his mouth on me anyway. My hips pumped, again and again, I twisted with the near-pain of the exquisite pleasure coursing through my body and mind, as Dave captivated me forever, a slave of his love. I think I passed out momentarily, and as I came back to myself, I heard the announcer say, "and now for the start of the third quarter, A & M kicking off to the Jayhawks..."

"Oh, shit," I said weakly, "you were doing that for AN HOUR AND A HALF?" Dave grinned at me.

"Huh. Yeah, I guess so. You're supposed to be in shape, mister quarterback. Are you ready for THE SECOND HALF?" I looked at him quizzically.

"Suck your cock, and lick your ass hole for 90 minutes? Hell, I'd sure like to give it a shot," I said. "But you'll have to bring all those parts to me," I joked.

"No problem, but that's not quite what I had in mind, baby," he said, leaning down to kiss me tenderly. I could smell and taste my cum on him, and even a trace of my ass smell. It smelled good. We kissed like that, for several minutes. Me, covered in sweat, wearing just a long sleeved shirt, my bottom naked, my dick soft and tired, and a little sore. Dave, naked below, wearing a shirt, his boner hard and hungry. 

Without saying a word, he offered his cock to me, and I took him in my mouth, loving the taste, and the heat, and the smell, and the soft, silky feel of him in me there, slowly pumping in and out. "Get me nice and wet," he said. "Lots of lube."

His meaning struck me, and I slobbered all over his cock, as he pulled it away, simultaneously lifting up, and pushing back my legs, once again exposing my already well-lubricated ass hole. 

"Ready, sweet thing?" he asked, his cock poised between my legs. I nodded.

"Oh yeah."

"Do you want it?" he asked.

"Yeah. More than I've ever wanted anything, Dave," I said. "Fuck me, please."

He positioned his swollen, wet and dark red cock head in the notch of my ass hole, just before pushing through the anal ring. He pressed forward, as I focused on shitting, and my hole opened up easily for him, relieving me immensely. I'd always feared it would really hurt - not that that prospect would have dissuaded me. I wanted him inside of me, possessing me, making me his, no matter how much it cost or how much it hurt. But the feeling of fullness was incredible!

As he sank deeper inside me, slowly and taking care not to hurt me, the pleasure grew and grew, until finally he was all the way inside of my ass, my lover, fucking me. I felt a swelling of pride and love for Dave, and vowed to make it wonderful for him, to make HIM cum as he'd made me cum, his load of man cream filling my ass deliciously.

He began pistoning in and out, his large shaft touching every part of my insides, making me his bitch, his slut. He put his hands on my shins, helping to hold my legs up, as he could see that I was tiring, my arm starting to hurt again, the one I'd worn to a frazzle in the last practice before the Lincoln game.

"I love being inside of you, baby," he whispered, his eyes fixed on mine again. "I've loved you, I think, ever since I first met you. It's for sure I had a crush on you, and I had to be your friend, to be close to you. And you were so sweet and nice to me, my heart melts every time I see you, Ryan. I just...love you, love you..." His voice faded out as he concentrated on his fucking, his brow furrowing deeply.

I practiced pleasing him as he moved in and out, tightening my ass muscles to grip him, then let loose, over and over. "God, that's great!" he gasped, his body pressing harder and deeper into me as he began to lose control, the pleasure too much even for him. "Oh God, fuck! I wanted to fuck you for the whole second half, now I'm fucking cumming too soon, FUCK, filling your tight, sweet hole with all my molten-hot white cream, baby, it's all for you, fucking your boy pussy, deep inside my lover's ass, fucking, I love you, love you SO much, Ryan! Oh fuck, creaming you inside, hold me..." he collapsed onto me, his cock pulling out. I had felt three or four large spurts of his cum inside me, the greatest and most intimate feeling, and still there was more of his cum jetting out, smaller puddles, onto my stomach, and laying between us as our bellies met, and we kissed. His delightfully sweaty body lay against me, for maybe ten minutes, and I thought he might have fallen asleep, when he groaned, and whispered, "Indescribable?"

"Excuse me?" I grunted under him, his 210 pounds on top of me.

"Indescribably fantastic. That's how it felt," he said.

"Uhh, no shit," I said. "I'm the guy you teased for, like 90 minutes, remember? It felt pretty damn fine for me, too." 

We lay like that a little longer, then Dave said, "There's still a lot of time before my parents get back. You want to take a nap in my bed?"

"Only if you're in there with me," I said.

"Well, yeah," Dave said, looking serious, then giggling when he saw my smile. He took my hand and we half ran, half walked up the stairs to his bedroom. We stripped completely, his body so beautiful, then we lay down together, naked, in each other's arms, and slept for about an hour, dreaming of more of this in our future. 

Later, we showered together, soaping each other generously, and making sure we cleaned each other well in all the desirable places, and most of all, kissing, again and again and again, but not cumming, or trying to make the other cum, because what we had already done that day was so beautiful. Then we re-dressed, and watched the wrap up of the KU-Texas A & M game (KU lost) in case of questions. I was lost in a dream after that, but coach snapped me out of it pretty quickly, as playoffs started the next weekend.

For our school to win to the state championship, we had to win two games, then play the winner of the other state division, at the State 4-A High School Football Championships in Lawrence, Kansas. We actually breezed through those first two games, and had only the one last obstacle to winning the state high school football championship for the third consecutive year, something that had never happened in Kansas. So, understandably, we were all excited. 

Our starting QB, the guy in front of me, was on the All-Met team, and deservedly so, he was a hell of a quarterback. He was probably the best running quarterback in the last decade in the whole state. I had no realistic expectation of beating him out, and I was okay with that. I was a pretty good passer, but I really wasn't big enough to play at a top school. I hoped to get a combined academic-athletic scholarship to some small college, and be content with that. 

Of course, falling in love with Dave, and his loving me, meant that I'd have to be more thoughtful as to the direction I would take after high school. 

The day of the game came, there was a lot of excitement throughout the state. The stands in Lawrence, at KU Memorial Stadium, were jam-packed with fans of both schools, and just about every sports reporter in the state, too. Anyway, the game was closely fought through the first quarter, with each team scoring a touchdown, so I got in for the extra point. In the second quarter, our defense collapsed, and we gave up three touchdowns. Zack Hazley, our QB, was yelling at us not to give up, talked about our proud history, and all that, but at half time the score was 28 - 7. Coach blistered our butts at halftime, and we came out fired up for a second half where we'd roar back. 
