 I awoke early in the morning with John's huge cut frame lying on top of mine. Head nestled against my neck, his breath came out in calm even intervals, steaming hot. He was sleeping like a sated bear, ready for the long winter. I, however, was aching all over. My throat was aching, my legs were spread open and sore—probably because I had maintained this position the whole night. But the worst of it was probably my ass. I felt impossibly full even now. Something large and thick was lodged inside: John's massive dick resting where it didn't belong.

That thing had spread and filled me countless times over the past few days. The worst part of it was that I was really starting to... crave it. It didn't really hit me until that moment; I was crazed for John. His body and his cock were glorious in my eyes. He had always been so much more built and toned. I felt lucky to be able to feel his steel-hard abs pressing into mine as he slept—to feel the hot sweat mixing between us.

No.

No, no, no.

That wasn't me. For some reason, every time John stuck it to me, I was being removed further and further from myself. My self-esteem was at an all time low. I was depending on his approval to fill me up. This was all some twisted psychological game. He wanted me to depend on him—to want him more than I wanted my own esteem.

But enough was enough. This little game that John had started—maybe even as far back as when we were kids—was about to end. No more trying to please this guy, no matter the form that twisted mind of his could create.

Lately, that form was just sick, even for him. John was surprisingly sadistic. It seemed that my best buddy got off as much on humiliating me as he did using me to get his rocks off. And I don't say 'me' lightly. Alan was all but forgotten after the first night John fucked me. In fact, I really started to regret how I had treated Alan, if only because he now saw John as the lesser of two evils.

Alan was obediently filming many of the things we did. Every time I saw that incessant red light, it got harder and harder for me to look Alan in the eye. It seemed just as hard for Alan. I thought back to what he'd said when it was just the two of us in my house.

Come on, man. Let's stop all this nasty shit and just go back to the way things were.

He really meant it. And I was finally starting to realize that this bubble that we'd created needed to be popped.

I managed to stretch out my right hand to the nightstand without disturbing the sleeping beast on top of me. I grabbed my phone, looked through the contacts, and quickly typed out a text to Alan: Today. K?

Then, realizing that John was waking up, I put the phone back in place and pretended like I was still asleep.

"Ahhh shit yeah," John yawned on top of me.

He adjusted himself and bit hard on my neck. I fucking hate it when he bites me. "Wake up, bitch! Time to play with daddy."

Of course, I was already awake. I moaned as he chewed on my neck and hardened inside my abused hole. I was sensitive to all the little things he did. He ran his rough hands over my body possessively and gnawed and sucked on my neck until I could hardly stand the pain. He tweaked my nipples hard and I cried out. I guess he took that as a sign that I was good to go.

"God DAMN, Theo. That ass is gold, man. Knew I'd get in here one of these days. Fuck yeah, clench it just like that—FUCK."

He kept up his trash talk as he rutted into me with abandon. I wrapped my arms around his broad back, slick with sweat, and held on for dear life as he picked up speed. The bed springs were screeching erratically. Our eyes connected and I could feel the dominance in his eyes as he took me the same as he had before. The weight of his eyes was too much and I was ashamed of how right it felt to be used by him.

There was a glint in his eyes when a moan of ecstasy escaped my mouth. I tried shutting my eyes, too embarrassed to look at my childhood friend in this position.

"Look at me," he said. It wasn't loud, but it was forceful. I couldn't refuse to do anything he told me to do.

I opened my eyes and looked at his handsome face. He was reaching into a part of me that was taking my breath away. It was times like this when I wondered if maybe I could stay like this forever. My dick was rock hard between us and I enjoyed the friction of it between both our bodies so much that—

"Ahh fuck!" I cried out as I released so much cum between us that I felt like I was soaked in it. All the while, John kept staring down at me, his breathing haggard, smiling because he'd made me empty my nuts from his fuck. It was the first time that happened.

It only reinvigorated him. I didn't think that he could go any faster or harder but he managed to do both. He would pull almost all the way out and then sink all the way back in, accenting each slam, "fuck...yeah...so...tight!" He pressed his forehead against mine and sighed. His whole body shook as he released his morning load into me.

He rolled off me and his dick slipped out of me and plopped onto his muscled stomach. We both lay there, breathing hard until his hand grabbed a fistful of my hair and dragged me into his bare chest, glistening with sweat. "Clean me up. I know that mouth is hungry."

I hesitated for only a second. Lapping up his sweat was quickly becoming a favorite past time for me. I never denied how ripped my buddy John was. He was perfectly sculpted—a true work of art. I was happy to worship such a body. The heady aroma coming from him was intoxicating and I could hardly think of anything but the task at hand. I spent a lot of time licking his torso, swirling my tongue around his nipples until he moaned, enjoying the contours of his abs and chest, even enjoying the texture of the hairs budding on his chest and trailing down from his belly button.

But, just as I almost forgot, John reminded me what he really was: a sadistic asshole. He pulled me up from his stomach and forced my face into one of his pits. Well and truly suffocating me in it. I lapped at it without complaint, not stopping until he pulled me off with his hand.

"You filthy little fag. You went right for it without hesitating. Guess you want some more?" he shoved me into his other pit.

All I could think as I washed his sweaty pits with my tongue was that he was right. I wasn't hesitating. I was enjoying this. And why not? Part of me was able to do this freely because I knew that it'd be coming to an end soon, the other part, the dark part that wanted this...well I didn't really want to think about it.

John decided to try something different. Once I was done with his pit, he told me to move off him. He pulled up both his meaty legs and held them by his head. "Eat my ass, faggot!" He insisted. I knelt down and admired his pink rosebud. I'd only gotten to enjoy Alan's once but I was infatuated with the idea of anal sex. My cock throbbed thinking of how tight and hot my buds hole probably was.

I spread his ample cheeks and teased him with my tongue, flicking at the entrance to his hole. It was warm on my tongue and his moans only encouraged me to work harder. I circled around his hole a couple times before diving in. Once i breached his barrier he was writhing and moaning like a mad man. "Oh...oh fuck! Oh, god damn! Yeah! Fucking eat that ass you fucking whore!"

I think we both lost track of time as I ate out his hot ass. For John's part, he seemed to have gone into some type of trance. I could tell how much he was enjoying my rim job because he was rock hard again and leaking precum all over himself. Not to mention both of his hands were on my head, trying to shove me deeper into his ass.

We must have been going at it for at least an hour. We both jumped as the sound of the opening garage door rumbled through the house.

My parents were back.

I looked up at John who looked as dumbfounded as I was. They weren't expected back for another week. Guess they decided to come back early. I pulled up from John's ass but to my surprise he aimed his cock toward my mouth and pulled my face forward and onto it.

I couldn't believe it! He was really going to try to get his rocks off one more time! He pushed his pulsing cock back to my throat until I started gagging but didn't stop there. He had been insisting that I deep throat his monster like Alan could but I had never successfully taken all of it. I opened my throat as best I could and breathed through my nose.

My mind was so far removed from the blow job that I didn't even register when my nose nestled into his curled brown pubes. My mind was focused on the fact that my parents would be coming into the house and checking on me any minute. I was just thankful that we had stopped using their room for sex. As kinky as it was, John preferred dominating me on my own bed. And I had been sure to remove all traces of our activities when John was sleeping.

So, with that in mind, I was certain that this situation could have been a lot worse. I decided to give him the best blow job I could so that he would leave. Honestly, John did most of the work anyway. I just made sure to avoid scraping him with my teeth and to look up into his eyes while he drilled my throat. He jabbed his dick into me sporadically and I could tell that he was super turned on that my parents were now in the house calling out to me to see if I was home. He unloaded in me in a matter of seconds and I swallowed his thick load.

His cock slipped out of me with a pop and he grinned at me as he got up and started getting dressed.

"Looks like that's my cue bud," he said. I just stared at him. "Come by my place tonight. We'll finish what we started here."

With that, he pulled on his sneakers, lifted up my window, and jumped out of the house.

It took me a while to get myself together. My mom came into my room to check on me when I didn't answer their calls. I wasn't ready to deal with anyone so I just pretended to be asleep. While I lay beneath the cum-soaked sheets, I let the pieces of my plan fall into place in my head. Alan had responded to my text.

ALAN: That sounds good to me man.

ALAN: So... I'm sorry about everything. I was stupid. Truce?

ME: Great. I'm going to John's house tonight at 7 k? Yup, no worries man. I did some stupid shit too. Let's just end this already.

ALAN: K.

***

Around 6:50P.M., I got dressed and left my room for the first time that day. My mother was happy to see me and I found out that my dad had an emergency at work. Apparently, it was important enough for him to cut their vacation short. Mom was disappointed when I told her I had plans for the evening but she was understanding about it...for the most part. My mother grimaced when I said I was going to John's house. After all this time, she still didn't like him. With all that had happened in the past couple of weeks, I couldn't say I blamed her.

The sun was only just setting and it left behind a pocket of heated air that ran down the neighborhood. Kids were out on the sidewalks running around and playing games. I could see myself in those kids. I remembered those times fondly. It was a bittersweet memory—looking back at the friendship I had with John back then. It seemed, in a lot of ways, that my friend hadn't changed at all. I was the one who changed.

I found myself on his front yard, wondering if I was prepared to do what I had come to do. The alternative, allowing myself to be used and humiliated by John, seemed like a safe choice. In the back of my mind, I considered it to be a more comfortable situation than the one I was about to put myself in.

I rang the doorbell and it only took a couple seconds for John to answer the door. He pulled me in forcefully and closed the door. He pushed me back against the front door and stared at me excitedly. That look made my mouth go dry. It was the same grin he wore whenever I would come over to hang out. A boyish twist of the mouth that made me think this was no different than all the different things we used to get into as kids. How fucked up was that? Obviously, John didn't see anything wrong with what he'd done.

"Been looking forward to this all day! I know you must be excited, Theo!"

I felt something burning in the pit of my stomach. Guilt maybe? I looked at my dumb jock friend and wondered if he really was just a kid with a man's body. Maybe I could try reasoning with him, I thought. He pressed down hard on my shoulders, forcing me to my knees.

"K, bitch, you know what to do."

"Wait, John. I don't want to do this," I said. "Let's just talk this out."

I took a hard, solid slap to the face. I may have even blacked out for a second. "Your mouth's only good for one thing and that's definitely not talking. Now take off my shorts."

So, yeah. Reasoning was out of the question. Back to the original plan.

With ginger hands, I grabbed the waistband of his running shorts and pulled them down. John was free balling it as he was prone to do and his fat cock plopped out and hit me on my chin. John's cock was hard, red, and pulsing. He pushed it on my lips and I opened and took him without protest.

Not sure why, but John was in a hot, feverish state, pumping into my mouth with abandon, trying, it seemed, to get off as quickly as possible. His thick cock filled my mouth and continuously poked at the entrance to my throat until his breathing became ragged. "Ohhhh, fuuuuucckkk," he moaned. He spurt gob after gob of his thick, creamy cum into me until I had no choice but to swallow. He kept hammering into my face until I felt his dick start to soften.

"Fuck yeah, buddy! Just think... we've got all night... to mess around."

He pulled out of my mouth and I wiped the mess off my lips. Without saying anything, he led me to his basement. The place where it all started. He had me strip him out of his clothes. Again, I couldn't help but admire my beefy stud of a friend. He must have worked up a sweat plowing my mouth because a light sheen covered his body and accentuated every contour of his muscled body. His thick, solid shoulders, rock solid arms, and perfect mounds for pecs were his best attributes... but even his stomach, thighs, and calfs were nothing to scoff at; they were certainly better than mine.

That dark part of myself that was happy to worship John was rising up within me. Being as close as I was to his warm, flawless skin and perfect body...

Focus.

It took everything I had to focus. What the fuck had he done to me in the past few days? I wouldn't have imagined I would ever be in this position.

"So, my little cocksucker, what do you want to do first? Want to have another go at the master rod, or maybe you want to get plowed into the couch?"

"Let me worship your ass!" I blurted out. My cheeks turned pink when I considered how quickly I suggested it.

"Fuck, dude. That's a pretty slutty request. Only the lowest kind of fag would want to eat another guy's ass out... maybe if you beg me, I'll let you."

What an asshole. "Please, John. I'm happy to have any part of you but I especially love worshipping your ass. Let me have another go at it... I promise I'll do it ten times better than I did at my house."

John's dick jumped and grew to full mast as he listened to me beg. "Geez. I've turned you into a real cockslut, huh? Alright then, I'll give you what you want, since you asked so nicely."

I had to stop myself from rolling my eyes as he sat down on the couch, holding his legs up with his arms, his tight pink hole on full display. Suddenly, I really was hungry, but not to rim his ass. For the second time today, I wondered what it would be like to have my cock buried in that hot, tight hole.

I moved forward and dove right in. I lapped at his hole with my tongue, teasing him by lightly flicking at the entrance. Once again, he went crazy as I played with his hole. I mentally told myself that I would have to try getting rimmed before I die. Seeing the effect it had on John and Alan had me sold on the idea. As I stuck my tongue into his hole, John pushed his head back into the couch and moaned like crazy. "Oooooohhh, yeaaaah," he said apparently out of breath. "Mmmmmmm, just like that."

He was so out of it that he didn't even notice when I replaced my tongue with two fingers. I started playing with his hole from an even deeper point than before, stretching him with my middle and index finger. He groaned his approval, pushing himself onto my fingers. As I continued to open him up with one hand, I surreptitiously slipped another into my pocket, pulling out a a little white tablet, smaller than a dime. He didn't even notice and, honestly, I couldn't believe everything was going so smoothly.

I crushed the tablet into a powder in my mouth, careful not to swallow any of it myself. I removed my fingers and pushed my tongue in in their place. John was still in la-la land so everything I'd done up to this point was lost on him. He continued to squirm as I wiggled my tongue in his hole, applying the drug that Alan gave me...

***

He'd met me at my place earlier in the day, climbing through my window.

"I got what you asked. This stuff isn't cheap, you know!" Alan said.

I sat up from the bed, looking at the baggy of what looked like 8 smarties candies. "Why did you get so many? I told you I only need one."

Alan shook his head. "Doesn't matter now. So, what are you gonna do to him?"

"Nothing he hasn't done to both of us already. You'll be ready with the camera?"

"Leave it to me," he said. "Kind of a professional cameraman at this point, right?"

***

Who knows how Alan managed to get his hands on ecstasy and on such short notice... but it was the best thing we could come up with. I remembered learning about MDMA in my health class. Although I certainly don't condone its use to take advantage of others, I decided to discard my moral compass temporarily to teach this dumbass a lesson. And my decision to stick it in his ass? I had to look it up to make sure... but I heard that the drug would be absorbed more quickly that way.

Turns out, I was right. John was trembling a bit from both my efforts and the drug. It wasn't long before he was moaning and panting hard. I called out to him and he didn't even say anything. Even after I stopped messing with his ass, he was still squirming as if I was. I took this as a good sign that the drug was having its desired effect. I stood over him and grabbed some of his hair. He opened his eyes to look at me. His eyes were glassy and unfocused. He had a stupid smile on his flushed face.

"Alright, John," I said. "Be a good little boy and wait for me here."

He didn't say anything. I left him in the basement toying with his own hole as I climbed the steps and went to the front door. Just as we planned, Alan was sitting on the stoop with his camcorder. I gestured for him to come inside. When we got to the basement, we found John still lying on the couch, sweating with that dumb look on his face and his ass still on display.

"Mmph... my ass feels so weird," he said casually.

Alan moved to a corner of the room while I moved toward John, my dick throbbing in my shorts. I was definitely going to enjoy this. I unzipped my pants and John's eyes grew wide when they fell on my hard cock. "Ahhh... are you gonna stick that in me? Please... I need it in me."

Well, that couldn't have gone better if I had scripted this all myself. I hit his hole with my cockhead a few times, eliciting coos from him. He really was out of it. I wondered how he'd be reacting to this if he wasn't drugged with ecstasy. I started to rub the length of my cock along the top of his hole and I couldn't help but awe at just how hot his cunt was. I didn't bother to make sure Alan was recording. This was a once in a lifetime chance and, while I wanted to teach John a lesson, I kind of also wanted to stick it to him really badly. Just the thought of fucking him into his own couch had me impatient.
