 This is the continuation of my first true story. Thank you to everyone who commented and provided feedback on my previous story. I've tried to work on my grammar and punctuation more and I'm hoping this one is a bit better. Again, this is a true story from my personal experience. For the sake of confidentially I'll refer to my partner in the story as "H". I look forward to sharing the rest of my experiences with you all.

*****

After my first experience with "H", I couldn't get him off my mind. For some strange reason though I felt guilty about the experience. I felt guilty that I enjoyed it so much. I felt confused and scared. I had convinced myself that these feelings were because this lifestyle simply wasn't meant for me. So I tried to cast these desires out of my mind. 

"H" and I had exchange numbers after our first meeting so we stayed in contact from time to time, but we hadn't hooked up again since that one night. Usually when we would chat I would keep the conversation light and be sure not mention anything sexual. I was surprised that he never started a conversation about what happened that night between us, but honestly I was fine with that. 

Months had passed and at this point in my life I was divorced and was I need of some company, so I jumped back into the dating scene. I went on several dates with some beautiful women. More times than not I would end up getting laid by the end of the date. For a while dating a lot of women seemed to work for me. I had had no desire what so ever to be with another man. So I figured it must have been a phase for me. Boy, was I wrong!

One Friday night I had a date planned with a gorgeous woman. I can't lie and say I wasn't excited for this date, or should I say to conquer her later on after the date. I was getting dressed when I got a text from her saying she had to cancel because of a family emergency. So now I was stuck with nothing to do on a Friday and nowhere to go. I phoned one of my buddies, and he said that him and few other of our friends were planning to head out to a bar for some food and drinks later, so I agreed to meet them.

Not even two seconds after hanging up with my buddy I get a text from "H" that just says "Come over tonight." Immediately I felt weak at the knees. I hadn't heard from him in a few weeks and it had been at least five months since that one night. I figured he had given up and moved on. I responded and told him I had plans to hang out with friends hoping he would leave it alone but he didn't. 

He asked what time was I meeting my friends, I told him in a couple hours. His response was "that's plenty of time. Come now and don't wear anything underneath your pants."

I wanted say no but instead I said "I'm on my way." I can't explain why this man could make me agree to come over at the drop of a dime but I didn't question it. I quickly showered and got dressed. I wore something simple just a pair of jeans and a button-down shirt with no boxer briefs or anything underneath. I hopped in my car and headed to his place.

I text him when I got there and said I was outside. He replied with "the door is unlocked. Come to the bedroom." When I got to his room, he was lying on his bed naked. God, his body looked so good. With no instruction from him I knew exactly what he wanted, so I immediately crawled on the bed and towards his flaccid cock laying in between his thighs.

I put my nose to his cock and I could tell he was freshly showered and ready for me to take him in my mouth. I licked the tip of his black cock. He had a nice thick mushroom head. I slowly licked his entire shaft to his balls. He let out a soft moan and said "that's my boy."

I was overwhelmed with excitement. I felt my cock growing. 

I suck him slowly, bobbing my head up and down his cock which is now solid as a rock. He told me to get his dick wet, and so I spit on his cock before going down on him again. He places his hand on the back of my head forcing himself deep inside my mouth. I gag and he lets go, I let out a loud moan. He knew I was enjoying it.

He takes a break from me sucking him and tells me to stand up and so I do. He unbuckles my jeans and says "let's see if you were a good boy and followed my directions." He reaches inside my pants and feels my hard cock and notices I wore nothing underneath. "That's a good boy", he says. He takes my jeans off and tells me to bend over on all fours on his bed. I wouldn't dare deny him.

I get on all fours on his bed as instructed. He gives my ass a light smack. "Damn look at all that beautiful ass" he says. He rubs his hands all over my ass. Then he kisses my ass and eventually spreads my cheeks until my hole is exposed. I knew what was coming. He licks my hole slowly while using his hands to spread my ass. 

I let out moans uncontrollably. It felt so amazing! He's eating my ass while I'm moaning like a little bitch. My whole body shakes. He stops and grabs something and I hear him squirt a little on his hand. He goes back to tongue fucking my hole but this time he reaches around my waist and plays with my cock at the same time. I could feel the lube on my cock and it's cold but feels so good. He jacks me off and eats my ass. 

Nothing has ever felt so good to my body. Not even fucking a warm tight pussy. This was the best feeling I've ever felt in my entire life. This strong black man using his tongue while jerking my hard cock. I can feel my climax and he can sense it too. "Cum for daddy" he says. 

I reply "yes daddy, I'll cum for you." He starts jack me off faster while sticking his tongue further inside my hole. I scream out "I'M CUMMING DADDY!"

My cum shoots all over his hand and his bed sheets. He smacks my ass one more time and says "that's my boy. Now stay in that position. It's my turn to cum now." 

I turn my head around to see what he's doing because I did not understand what was about to happen next. I see him reach in his nightstand for a condom and he says "Time for me to take what's mime."