 I arrived over at Scott's house to watch the game as I always do. His wife, Lisa, greeted me at the door with a dazzling smile a minute after I knocked. "Game time already? You boys have fun, I think I'll enjoy my mani/pedi." There was some mischief in her eyes, but truth be told my eyes were elsewhere. If she hadn't been my best friend's girl, I would have been all over her. Instead I sighed as she walked away, her skirt swaying with every step.

I made my way down to the den, setting the case of beer down on the table. I immediately had to duck as a football went sailing at my head.

"Asshole. Couldn't you have been five minutes late? Fuck!" Scott was sitting on the couch, his sweats hiding neither his muscular body nor the bulge in his crotch. 

"Shit, I'm sorry man. I would have waited. Or watched or something." I handed him a beer, feeling like an ass. My own cock stirred a little thinking about Lisa's lips wrapped around it. I could only imagine how good she must be at it.

He took a long pull from the bottle and sighed. "How the fuck am I supposed to enjoy the game when all I can think about is this?" He bounced his hand off his erection, making it jump inside the waist band.

I shocked myself with what I said next. "Want some help with that?"

Scott scowled at me. "Dude, I'm not gay. You know that."

I smiled at my large friend, trying to move delicately so as to not get thrashed. "We've been friends for years, of course I know that. Neither am I, and I will happily bang your wife to prove it. But nobody likes blueballs, and it's not like your cock knows who's doing it. Then we can enjoy the game, like always."

His brow furrowed, and he ran his hand over his shaved head. "Ok, Mike, but put on some of Lisa's lipstick. At least that way it'll feel right. And keep your head down, so all I see is your pretty girl hair."

I nodded and stepped into the bathroom. Lisa had left her ruby red lipstick on the counter. and I wasn't worried about color. My hand trembled a little as I applied a generous coat, and came back out. 

Scott had already pulled down his pants, his cock still half-rigid as he held it. It was larger than mine, not a lot longer but thicker. I hadn't touched another man's cock in years, hadn't even thought about it, but I was suddenly hornier than I remember being in a month of Sundays.

I didn't say a word as I knelt before him. He was already of two minds, and any misstep might make him change his mind. I don't know why, but, dammit, I wanted that cock. Keeping my head down, I reached out and began stroking it. It started to grow and I parted my lips and took his head into my mouth. Slowly I sucked the tip, letting my tongue roam around it. I pumped my hand evenly up and down his hard shaft, and I heard him moan softly. 

That go my cock rock hard, just sucking on my friend's dick, wearing his wife's lipstick. I felt his hands on my head, fingers in my hair, and I took more of him in my mouth. I bobbed up and down hungrily, fighting back the occasional gag as he hit my throat. God, how I wish I knew how to deep throat him then. 

Still, I took as much as I could. Up and down, and his hips began to thrust. "Oh, yes, suck my cock. Feels so good." I moaned at his pleasure, when he began to thrust fast. I held still, letting him pound my mouth while keeping my hand on his shaft. I cupped his balls, and felt them tighten as he came in my mouth.

I sucked hard as he came, swallowing his load with relish. My own cock leaked precum, and I longed to release, but I stayed focused of Scott. He grabbed me by the back of the head firmly, first pushing me down further on his still hard cock, then pulling me up and kissing me deeply. His tongue invaded my mouth, and I moaned. He was so strong, invading me. Finally he pulled away.

"God, Mike, you are quite the cocksucker. Or should I call you Michelle? Told you I'm not gay, I just let some slut suck me off. Go get cleaned up, the games almost on. And for fuck's sake, jerk off or something. You look about ready to cum."

I blushed deeply, and ran back to the bathroom. I washed my face, still tasting his hot, salty cum. I loved it, and pulled out my own cock. I wondered how good that cock would feel in my ass as I stroked myself quickly. I came hard, and I began to think about how I could make that happen next week. I didn't want to push Scott to that yet, but it was in my mind as I shot my load into the toilet flushed. Sex is great, but there was still football to watch.