 "David take out the trash." My mom yelled at me. She was always on my back about something. If it wasn't the trash it was the dishes. I would always forget and fall asleep. So tonight she made sure I took out the trash tonight.

"Alright, alright. I'm going. I said back to her as I was comming downstairs. As I got downstairs and to the kitchen she gave me a harsh glare. 

I thought I told you to get this shit out of the kitchen before dark." She snapped at me. "You're eighteen you should know to do these things by now." I stood there and looked at my mother as she verbally tore into me. I brush my sandy brown hair from my eyes. "Take thoese bags outside." She pointed at the two bags next to the door. I look into her green eyes as I pick the up off the floor. That must be where I get my green eyes. We look so much alike that its creepy. From our brown hair and green eyes to our slim build. We could almost go for twins. Anyway on my way taking the trash out I pass my mom's garden in the backyard. Its nothing special. She likes to grow flowers, vegtables, and herbs. All of a sudden I feel a large hand cover my mouth. I panic and drops the bags. I kick and scream against the large hand covering my mouth completely. 

"Shut up!" A stern voice said to me. My body becomes stiff. I fell my body being pulled into the garden and being pulled to the very back of the garden where my mom keeps her peppers. The large hand over my mouth moves to my neck squeezing it tightly. "Stay quiet and you'll make it through this. Okay?" I was frozen in fear and couldn't respond. "I said okay." The pressure around my neck gets tighter. So not being able to speak I nod slightly. My neck is relased and I am pushed to the ground landing on my chest. I turn to look behind me to see a tall man with tan skin who has a medium muscular build. I try to get away but his foot slams on the small of my back forcing me back to the ground. "Don't move bitch!" He said in a warning tone. I look around for help. I can see my mom still at the kitchen window, but she cant see me. The man takes his foot off my back. "Turn over". He commanded. I do as I'm told. I look at the large man standing over me. My body is racked with fear, and I'm shaking from head to toe. "Take off your pants." 

"I don't have any money." I said to him.

"I don't want your money. Now take off your pants." He told me again. I give him a confused look on my face. If he's not here to rob me then why does he want me to take off my pants. Not having much of a choice I unbutton my pants and push them down my lean legs. They stop at my ankles. He kneels down at my side and takes the rim of my boxers and rip them off in one strong tug. Being struck by fear I call out for help. 

"Mom!" He takes my boxers that are still in his hand and shoves it into my mouth so deep that I gag against it. He ducks down and leans over me. He look at me with something like hate in his eyes.

"You little shit. You try that again I break your fucking neck." I struggle to try to calm myself but I soon tone myself down. "Do you understand I could beat you into the ground. And before anyone would miss you I would be long gone. So if you want to make it through this you do what I say when I say it. Understand." I nod as I try to look through the garden to see if my mom hears me but she never came to the door. The man still kneeled next to me looks around to make sure no one was around. Then he turned his attention back to me. "Take out your cock and get it hard." I look at him in shock.

"Huuh?" I asked aginst the the boxersin my mouth. Making sure I heard him right. 

"You heard me." He replied. Not knowing what else to do I grab my cock and began to stroke it slowly. The man watched as my cock started to come to life. When fully erect my cock is about 5". Just knowing he was watching me mad my cock so hard really fast. I kept up a steady stroke as this tall man watched my cock grow. It starts to fell really good and I'm close to cumming. At that moment he moves my hand from my cock. Then I feel something warm and wet covering my cock. I quickly open my eyes to see the stranger lips wrap around the head of my cock. I gasp at the warmth of his mouth and the flicks of his tounge. I can feel my balls tighten. I moan aginst my boxers in my mouth. He covers the head of my cock and drops his head all the way down my shaft deep throating me over and over. I can't hold it much longer and soon I shoot my thick cum down his throat.

"Uhhh!' I moan. As I try to catch my breath he lets my drained cock drop out of his mouth. He comes up to eye level with me and look me in the eyes and takes the boxers out of my mouth.

"You ready to return the favor?" He asked me with a snarling grin. Does he mean what I think he mean? 

"I don't know if I can do that." I told him still trying to catch my breath.

"Okay. Then we'll have to do something else." He rumbled. He moves to my feet and takes off my shoes and pull my pants the rest of the way off. He takes off his shirt and tosses it aside and begins to unbutton his pants. I try to sit up. "Don't move." He said while he pushed me back to the ground. He open the zipper of his pants and pulls down the rim of his boxers. I look down to see his thick man tool standing at attention. It had to be at least 8" and it was pointing right at me. He pulled my legs apart and kneeled between them. Then he took my legs and placed them over his toned sholders. 

"No, I don't want to do this." I pleaded with him.

"Its to late. I've already gotten undressed. He said fiendishly as he pushed his pants down to his thigh and my legs back towards my chest putting all his weight on me. He spit in his hand and rubs a handful on the tip of his cock and on my exposed hole. As the head of his cock comes towards me I try to push away. "If you fight it'll only make it hurt." He said to me.

"Okay I'll suck you off. Just get your dick away from my ass." I begged him.

"Sorry, your chance to suck me off has passed. I want your ass now." He laughs. "I tell you what if you play along I'll take an easy on you. With that I feel his dick start to pry my ass open.

"Mmmm. Stop it hurts." I pushed aginst his torso. He keeps entering my ass slowly. "Oh my fucking God!" I yelled in pain as the head of his cock streched and passed my anal ring. A hand was quickly placed over my mouth.

"David!" My mom called out to me. I turn to see her standing at the front of the garden. David, where are you. Why is this trash on the side of the house?" She asked angrily as she looks around the yard. The man falls hard on top of me as she looks towards the garden to keep from being seen. The force of the fall made his now pulsating slide all the way in to the hilt. 

"Uhhhh!" I groaned aginst his hand. My mom takes the trash to the tin cans on the curb. I thought he wouldn't move as long as my mom was outside. But I was wrong. He started grinding into me. Growling with pleasure in my ear. I can feel him breathing on my cheek.

"Oh shit that feels good." He whispered. He continues to grind into me not being able to do much else while my mom's outside. She comes back and walks right past the garden. She doesn't even look towards the garden. I can tell she was pissed off from the way she walked. I watched as she goes back into the house slamming the door behind her. I knew that was it. This guy was going to own me after tonight.

"That was close." He said. As he lifted his body I noticed the pain in my ass had eased. "I thought we were caught." I feel him pulling out of my ass and stopping just before he was all the way out he slowly pushes back into me. It still hurt a little but I could feel something else to.

"Mmmm." I moaned. A wave flowed through my cock making it jump. He looks at me and smile. 

"You felt that didn't you?" He asked. He did this again but quicker this time.

"Mmmm." I moaned aginst his hand again. He noticed my cock was getting hard again. He moved his hand from my mouth to my cock and slowly strokes me. He forces his dick into me again. I close my eyes tightly trying to keep from shouting from the pleasure I was being given by this strange man. His strokes begin to get stronger and fasted. 

"Damn your ass hugging my cock." He growled. He let my legs fall to his sides and bury his head into my neck. Both his hands run up my sides and to my hair grabbing a handful of it. "I'm going to fuck you into the ground." With that he began slamming into me faster and harder.

"Oh God, fuck me harder. Please, fuck me harder." I begged him as he forced the breath out of me with every thrust he made. My cock trapped between our bodies masterbating me while he fucked my ass. After a while he pulled out of me and sat up between my legs. While on his knees he pulled me from the ground and on top of him.

"I want you to fuck yourself with my cock." He said lustfully. I looked him in the eye as he laid on the ground. Not knowing what to do I just mimiced the movement that girls have done to me in the past. I took his cock in my hand and aimed it at the warm hole that it just had been. I sat on is cock and started out slow. Watching his face as he responded to my body. "Ride me faster." He commanded. I placed my hand on his chest and bounced my ass off of his pelvis as fast as I could. "Oh fuck, yeah like that." He said as he took my cock in his hand stroking it vigorously. We stayed like this for what seemed like forever. I didn't want this felling to end but I feel my ball tighten. I knew I was about to cum. I lean back balancing myself on his thighs.

"I'm about to cum." I moan. He pushes me aside and I fall to the side of him.

"Get on your hands and knees." I do as says. When he kneels behind me he reaches around and takes my cock again stroking it. All at once he shoves his hot man meat into my ass.

"Oh hell yeah." I said at the pleasure thats running through me. Soon I feel my balls tighten agian. "I can't hold it. I'm about to cum."

"Do you want to cum?" He asked me.

"Not yet. Not until you cum." I told him. At that moment the stops his hand at the head of my cock and gently squeezes it. Preventing my balls from the releasing it seed and begins to fuck my ass with an animalistic power. I almost topple over everytime he slames into me. My balls get tighter and tighter. My arms and legs shake from not being able to come because of the grip around the head of my cock. "Move your hand." My voice came out trembling. 

"Not yet." He told me. "I'm almost there." Now my cock was throbbing in pain and pleasure. 

"Oh fuck, let go." My balls feel like its about to burst.

"After a about half a dozen more thrusts he leans into my ear. "You ready?" He asks. Not able to talk I just nod. "Fuck." He shouted. As he releases my cock my body is wrecked with the most power orgasm I've ever had. The cum that was built up in my balls sprayed from my cock. My body suddenly collapses. The stranger behind me falls on top of me and finally empties his hot cum into my ass.

"Ahh! Oh shit." He moaned as he released his seed.

After a few tactic thrusts he pulled his cock out me and laid on my back to catch his breath. We laid there for a while not saying anything. I felt him lift off my back. I turned to look at him. He stood up and pulled up his pants. He smiled as he looked down at me bending over to pick up his shirt from the ground. "I'll see you around." He said to me before he walked off into the night. I just sat there watching him as he disappeared around the corner of the house. When would he see me again I thought to myself. Tomorrow? The next day? When ever I see him again I can't wait. I have my mother to thank for the earth shattering orgasm I was given by that stranger tonight. If it wasn't for her I wouldn't have taken out the trash. From here on out I'll make sure to take out the trash with my fingers crossed and my pants unbuttoned.