 This is based on a true story of one of my sexual experiences with a hung black lover. I hope you find it hot. I'm always willing to try something like this again with hung tops so drop a note if you like what you read. And I would love to hear anyone's thoughts and comments on my stories and writing. Enjoy!

-----

This is how it started. It was a one of the random porn flicks one watches as a young man discovering the internet. It involved a big, tall, well built black man randomly knocking on the door of a tiny blonde girl. She opened the door with a bit of a look of fear in her eyes. She was a good actress! Whatever stupid small talk they had soon involved him putting his huge hands on her shoulders and forcing her down onto her knees. Then it came! She unzipped his fly, and had to reach almost half her arm into his pants to pull out his huge dark cock from the head. It was a monster! It must have been about 9 inches soft and thick as a beer can. My mouth opened up in disbelief. The strange part that happened was that my first thoughts as she choked on his huge cock, then later took it into her ass in every position possible was, "I could do a better job than that." It was the first time that kind of thought came into my mind after watching a porn. It had never crossed my mind before that a cock could be so sexy. It began the road to the first experience below.

Being a child of the internet generation makes things that seem so far away easily accessible. So, I turned to the web to find a fix my newfound curiosities. I turned to Craigslist. Searching the ads was a longer way of getting what I wanted so I posted my own ad. The short version of my ad said that I was a 26 year old white male, 5'7, and 145 pounds that would do anything to please a hung black top. The title of the ad was "Looking for a BBC to stretch my holes." I wrote about how I wanted to be choked, stretched, and used by a big black top. I was pretty confident in my ad. After all, I'd seen this little blonde struggle with this giant black cock on the porn, but in the end, she did a pretty good job, and got a gaping asshole to show for it! I would soon be in that place where my confidence would be put in its place.

Few messages came through from random guys on Craigslist. There was the usual fair share of people trolling for pics and others with small limp dicks. Then I got the message from Reggie. I knew he would be the one. He was straight up. No bullshit, no nothing. He said he knew what I wanted and that he wanted to take it. He said he would take his time and make me beg for more once I tasted his big cock—all 9.5 inches of it! I also knew he was serious because he sent his address and 2 photos in his first message. The first pic was of his limp cock hanging to the side which looked like it would split me in two while it was soft! The other had it sticking up hard, thick, and with a drop of precum right at the tip. 

After a few direct messages, his last message before meeting read, "Well, come over and take this dick if you're serious." I was shaking as I typed by last message—"On my way."

About an hour later, after I cleaned myself outside and in (with an enema kit), I was knocking softly at Reggie's door. It was only at this point when I thought that I may have bitten off more than I could chew. It was all adrenaline and horniness that got me there. Now it was my mouth and ass and that would pay the price! Before I could run away, the door opened. Reggie was a big man, standing in his boxers and a tank top. He was 6'4" and weighed about 220 lbs. Solid and athletic, he just said, "You made it. Come on in." I shyly reached my hand forward to shake his hand. His huge hand swallowed mine then he put it straight on his cock as he smacked his other hand right on my ass, squeezing it all in his huge palm, and pulled me in past him as he shut the door. I should've paid more attention to the grin on his face. He had big plans for me tonight!

Pulling me in by my ass, Reggie sat right down on his couch with his legs open as he laughed a bit, probably from seeing how nervous I was. I could see right away through his boxers that he wasn't lying about his monster cock. Even limp, the tip was reaching out passed the bottom of his shorts. I nervously asked, "How's it going?" He chuckled, putting one hand on his cock, and said, "We both know what you came here for. Take of your clothes now then get down here on the floor and put that mouth to work." Nervous and speechless, it was clear what my role was!

Now naked, I got down on my knees on the floor in front of Reggie. Sliding his boxers down, I was in disbelief. The pictures did not do his thick cock justice! I picked his thick cock up off his thigh with my right hand but Reggie quickly moved my hand away and said, "I can do that myself. Choke on it." I licked up and down the shaft as his cock started to harden. I then got his fat cock head into my mouth, which was a mouthful in itself! As I got 2-3 inches down the shaft, the cock started to straight up all by itself. I had to put my hands down on the couch by Reggie's thighs to push myself up and move to higher up on my knees so I could reach the tip! I started to go down about 4-6 inches then go back to the tip, lick all around the head and go back down for more. Each time I got down about 6 inches, I could feel Reggie's thick cock head hitting the back of my throat. I guess this wasn't enough for him since he pulled his cock out of mouth and slapped it on my face, nose, and forehead. He told me to stick out my tongue and started to slap his cock hard and unpredictably all over it and the rest of my face. 

Then Reggie stood up. As if I wasn't already being dominated, I now felt even smaller. Reggie grabbed my hands and placed them on his ass. He told me to open my mouth and keep my tongue out. He slowly slid his cock in all the way over my tongue till it hit the back of my throat. This was only about 6 thick inches in! Reggie put his big hands on both sides of my head and started to force the rest of his cock down my throat. My eyes started to water right away and I coughed a few times as Reggie's hands held my head even tighter. My hands quickly moved to the front of his thighs and I started to push him away, but Reggie didn't move back. He stepped forward and rammed the rest of his cock all the way down my throat as I coughed out some saliva out the sides of my mouth. His body was now pushing forward so much that I fell backwards and dropped my arms back to catch myself. Reggie didn't stop there. He followed me down as I fell to my back and dropped with his knees on my shoulders and his cock now all the way down my throat with his balls resting on my chin.

I went limp as pulled his fat cock all the way out. It was now rock hard and covered in thick streams of my saliva. He put his big hands on my neck as slammed his hard and heavy cock right on the center of my face. "Good bitch" he said. He rolled his wet cock side to side, making a mess of my face before he out the tip back in my mouth. For the next 10 minutes, he slowly, slid his cock all the way in and out of my throat. Here and there, he would hold just long enough for me to feel like I was going to pass out. Feeling like he broke my will—and throat—Reggie then stood up and easily pulled my limp body off the ground. He said, "That's enough laying on your back. It's time to work." His hands grabbed my ass with more force this time around.

Reggie sat on the couch and instructed me to face away and back my ass towards him. He spread my cheeks apart and started to tease my hole with his fingers. He spat on his fingers as he began to work one into my ass. Barely any of his first finger was in when he out in another. I quickly started to remember how big his hands were. He then out one hand on my side and threw me down onto his lap, as if it were time for a spanking. He spat right into my freshly cleaned asshole and put his tongue in as far as would go. It drove me crazy and he clearly seemed to like it. I guess I knew what it felt like from when I had been with other girls. Eating them out knowing that I was going to destroy them soon! Reggie must have been thinking the same thing. He went to town eating my ass while somewhat secretly sneaking in more of his fingers and deeper. He was just getting me ready for what was to come. It was nice of him!

Reggie then stood up and placed me over the arm of the couch bent over. I knew what was coming. "Tell me what you came here for," he said. "That dick please," I quietly said. "You sounded confident in you ad boy. Don't get scared now. Say what you know you want," he said as he proudly held his thick cock with one hand. "I want that big black dick," I said louder. "I want you to teach me a lesson with that dick! Please. I want you to give it to me." Reggie replied with conviction as he placed one hand on my ass and one on my back, "That's a good bitch!" 

He then brought the huge head of his 9.5 thick cock to my virgin ass. It felt like a baseball bat. He was nice at first. He pushed it onto my ass just a bit with some pressure then lifted up and began slapping it onto my asshole, as to slowly numb it a little. Then he'd apply a little more pressure almost getting his monster head in. Reggie continued to do this for another minute as he pulled out a bottle of lube and squirted a long stream onto my already wet ass. It felt cold for a second until he pushed the head of his cock in which gave me a sharp burning feeling for a second. "Step one," Reggie said laughing. "I'm gonna take that virgin ass of yours. It's going to be mine!"

With the head of his cock now in, I stiffened up a bit. I was starting to get an immediate reality check. "Breathe," Reggie said. "Relax and let you ass swallow what it came here for. Now, tell me you want it." Back to my unsure quite voice, I softly said, "Please... put... it... in." Reggie grabbed my hips strongly now and began to push his cock in deeper into my virgin ass. "Good boy," he said as he pulled my hips towards him while forcing his cock deeper in. I breathed out strongly as I tensed up. I was being split in 2, my hole opened up and stretched beyond anything I'd ever felt before. Reggie pushed me higher up on the couch so that my legs were sticking straight out with my toes barely touching the ground. He pushed my lower back down so my ass was the highest part of my folding body. With his body weight now all above me, Reggie slowly but constantly kept pushing his cock in. He started to count the inches, "3... 5... 7...." At 8 I jumped forward as he hit a wall that there was no way he was going to cross! Laughing, he pulled me back and swung his big leg over the arm of the couch and laid into me until I felt his huge balls resting on my ass. I arched my back up quickly letting out a loud sigh and threw my arms back to stop him. But I was being broken in with some concise methods. Reggie just grabbed both my arms around my biceps and held me all the way down on his dick.

After holding me for about 30 seconds, my thighs now shaking uncontrollably, he pushed my head back down to the couch and started to pull his cock out slowly. I had surrendered myself at this point. Reggie started to give me his dick in short strokes, well, short for his huge cock! Though it felt like my body was being emptied out with each stroke, Reggie was just going in and out about 4-5 inches each time. Of course, I didn't know this till later, when I could compare these strokes to his full ones! "Damn you're tight boy," Reggie said. Just as I started getting used to his short strokes, he started to rotate his hips a bit, opening my ass up in a circular motion. Now, I was stretched open width wise. "You're going to have to open up for my me to fuck this ass all the way," he said.

Reggie then grabbed my left leg from my ankle and pulled it up off the floor. He swung my leg up over his shoulder so I had one leg on the floor, and almost doing the splits, had my other touching his shoulder. I had told him before I was flexible. He said he'd put that talent to use and now he was! There was something about Reggie now splitting me open while he could see the mix of the looks of pain and pleasure on my face that he seemed to like. He started to fuck me deeper and harder now. There was no pulling away now, as I was on one leg with Reggie in full control of moving my ass all the way up and down his cock. He started to speed up now, slamming his cock all the way every 10th pump or so. I was like a rag doll in his big arms now with one of my arms on the side of the couch to hold my balance and my other grabbing upwards to his big shoulders.

"Now, take this dick you came here for!" Reggie shouted. He became more unforgiving in his hard strokes. Reggie reminded me that this what was I had asked for. This is what I had begged him for in our emails. And he made me keep saying it. "Why are you here bitch?" he'd ask. "I can't hear you" was a common comment he made to my usually weak initial response. He wanted to make sure I knew it was my fault that my ass was now being opened up by his huge cock. "I'm here for your big black dick! I here to give you my ass and have you open me up. I want you to breed me and make me your bitch!" I shouted. It was probably with my shouting louder that made Reggie fuck me harder and more uncontrollably. Fed up of stretching me with one leg up, he wanted me in a place where he could put all his weight over me and destroy my ass.

Reggie easily lifted me up and threw me down on the couch with my back on the cushions. At this point, he got vicious. I have to hand it to him, he knew how to do it—how to do me! Though it seemed like he was drilling me before, he was actually being quite gentle. I mean it wasn't his fault the he had this 9.5 inch thick cock that had to get inside my ass! I guess he was doing it the gentle way. But now—now he wanted to fuck. And my ass was going to pay the price!

Reggie had me on my back. He pressed my legs back so my knees were on my chest and put his hands on my thighs right around the back of my knees. He then slapped each of my ass cheeks which brought me back to life again in a hurry. He immediately left his huge handprints on each cheek and told me that's where my hands should go. He said, "Open that ass up boy and keep those hands there." As I started moving my hands to my cheeks, he immediately rammed his cock in all the way in one fast and unexpected move. My eyes and mouth opened wide immediately and I threw my hands onto his chest as first instinct to saving my asshole. He pulled his cock out all the way immediately and smacked both my ass cheeks with more force, grabbed my wrists forcefully again, and moved them to my ass saying, "I told you to keep your fucking hands on your ass! Right here! Don't you fucking move them!" Before I could say or do anything, other than place my hands on my cheeks, he forced his huge cock all the way back in my ass right away. One of my hands came up again instinctively but before I touched his chest to hold him back, Reggie gave me this look like it would be one of my last moves and I threw my hand back on my ass so fast, I slapped my own ass. He turned his head up letting out a laugh to the ceiling knowing that he had not only conquered my ass, but even my own instincts to stop the pain. He looked straight down into my dizzied eyes and calmly said, "Now you're being a good bitch. That was all just foreplay. I'm just starting to fuck you now." And this was only two pumps in!

Reggie stepped it up. As he said, he was now just starting to fuck me. He started a medium pace and began to push his cock in all the way before pulling it out all the way till only his tip was inside my ass. The fucking became constant. He never slowed, each time going in deeper and deeper. Each time he pushed into my ass, my head would swing up towards him as my back would roll forward a bit to meet his huge cock. After about 50 deep pumps, I finally relaxed again. Without thinking, I threw my arms out to the sides and without warning, Reggie pulled his cock out all the way again and came down hard with both hands slamming on my ass again. He didn't have to say anything this time as I quickly threw hands on my ass cheeks are really made sure to pull my cheeks apart this time. "Good bitch" he said as he put his hands on my neck and his cock all the way back in. I guess he didn't feel like he was deep enough because he threw one of his legs onto the couch and started to get so deep in my ass, his huge balls stared to disappear between my ass cheeks with each pump. 

Reggie then gave me the permission to move my hands from my ass. He lifted my ass up from my hips so that my cock was directly over my face. It was at this point that I had realized how much cum had been flowing from my cock. It wasn't that I had cum, but I had precum like I'd never seen before! A long strand of my own cum hit me right on m lips! Reggie was so tall, that once he had me folded up with my cock above my face, he was able to put his leg all the way on the back of the top of the sofa back. He then forced his cock back in which I could do little about as both my arms were holding my back up. With each pump, Reggie went all the way into my raised ass and then, as I hadn't opened up enough for him, he grinded onto me for about 5 seconds with each pump, stretching my hole out in every direction in a circular motion. With each pump, it seemed like my stream of thick precum grew longer. The line of my own cum between my cock and lips never broke apart until I was again thrown off the couch.

Reggie put me down on the floor head and shoulders first with my cock again above my face. He sat above me, constantly squatting all the way down onto my raw ass. He reached down, roughly holding my ankles down by my ears and began to fuck me with all force. "Yes please!" is all I kept repeating as his now super-speed deep strokes seemed to never end. Slamming me over and over with the full weight of his body like he wanted to break me in two, Reggie just kept smiling, probably in disbelief of what he was making me do. And I was just taking it all. I didn't have a choice! "That's why you came here! To be broken in by this big dick! You learned your lesson now?! Haha. You're a good hard working bitch! I'll give you something for all your work baby! Fuck yeah! Fuck yeah! FUCK YEAH! Open your mouth bitch!" Reggie pulled up and out of my ass in one quick motion leaving my gaping ass empty. One of his knees dropped down by the side of my head and his hard cock right above my face. With his right hand on his cock, he shot about 10 huge streams of cum all over my face and open mouth. I just held my mouth wide open as he let the head of his cock sit on the pool of cum now on my tongue. With a few deep pushes, he forced his cum covered cock down into my throat as the excess cum came out the side of my mouth. As he pulled out, his cock covered in thick juicy cum and my thick saliva, Reggie wiped his cock all over my face and making a mess of me like I was a whore. 

"Haha!" Reggie laughed in triumph as he easily put two of his fingers into my gaping hole and said, "you came all over your stomach! Haha, you're a good little slut. Gotta admit, you took it! I wasn't going to do any of that. I was going to be gentle on you for your first time. But since you never told me to stop, I took it all! And I'll take all again!"

As I laid there recovering, I knew this would not be my last time. I showed promise as a good slut for big cock in my first time. I'll be ready for next time!