 When I wrote "Taking the big step" I was incredibly nervous because as a female writer I had no idea how it would be received. To my pleasure (and surprise) it was well received, and based on the positive feedback, I decided to write Chapter 2. This is a direct sequel to 'taking the big step.' Once again, if I got any details wrong, please forgive me.

************************

Tony knelt and stared at the semi-hard cock that twitched in his hand, and as he pulled back the foreskin, the slit in the head leaked a drop of glistening pre-cum. Without a pause, Tony sucked eagerly, tasting the saltiness and loving the way Gary moaned with pleasure. Tony could feel the cock swell and harden in his hand, and as Gary started to grow to his full 10 inches, Tony reflected on how the last 24 hours had changed his life.

It had started with him playing around with his dildo on cam, while his wife and daughters had gone away for the weekend, and developed into him losing his anal virginity to the man whose cock he was now sucking like his life depended on it.

Tony felt his cock twitch as he heard Gary on the phone, "yeah...he is sucking me like a good little bitch as we talk," then a pause before Gary went on, "very tight so get yourself over here and you can have some as well."

Gary clicked off the phone and looking down, stroked Tony's short hair as he said, "and with Mike that makes five. and they are all going to fuck your lovely, hairy ass one after the other, then I will use you hard to finish."

Gary could tell how excited Tony was at his words by his renewed enthusiasm sucking Gary's cock. Gary could hardly believe his good fortune in not only discovering a married virgin to deflower, but one who was such an eager slut as well. He was amazed how easily he had taken his 10 inches, the dildo he had seen Tony use on cam with such vigour had clearly gone a long way to prepare him. After Gary had popped Tony's cherry, it was music to his ears to hear Tony described his fantasy of being gang banged. If it wasn't for the way Tony's ass had gripped his cock like a vacuum cleaner on high, he would never have believed he was a virgin.

Gary could feel his cock straining as Tony worked on him, but despite the high desire to shoot

his load down Tony's throat. he remembered he had agreed to fulfil another of Tony's fantasy's. Grabbing a tube of gel, Gary began to finger Tony's ass, working the gel in with first one finger, and then two, moving them with firm thrusts as he finger fucked Tony, getting him ready.

Tony was slightly breathless as he logged onto his favourite web cam site where he often performed with his dildo, when he had the house to himself. Tonight, however, he would give a show that people would remember. Tony saw his face appear on screen, and standing next to him was the bottom half of Gary, displaying his mighty cock over Tony's shoulder. As Tony watched the viewer count rise, the comments began to fill the screen. "Oooooo nice cock," said one, followed by "suck him good" by another.

Not wanting to disappoint, and feeling hotter than he had ever felt in his life, Tony turned his head and started licking and slavering on Gary's cock, which was quivering in a rock hard erection. "I want to fuck you so bad," Gary groaned, and stared in slight shock as his own voice echoed back from the speakers.

"Hope you pound his ass real hard," said a disembodied voice from the speakers. Although something he had never tried before, Gary found the whole set up highly erotic.

Taking his cock in his hand, Gary slowly wanked himself into Tony's mouth, as he said, "time for you to get in position you little married slut," then addressing the screen, continued, "but before I use my 10 inches on him. I have a few mates who are going to warm him up first."

Tony opened his eyes and could see that they now had a live audience as well as a computer audience, and breaking from Gary's cock, in a hoarse voice laden with lust, Tony croaked, "oh yes guys, I want all your cocks showing me what I have been missing all these years."

Without letting Gary's cock leave his mouth, Tony moved until he was on all fours with his greased ass pointing upwards. Slapping Tony lightly on his hairy ass, Gary moved the camera so the online audience could follow the action, and at the same time, said in encouragement to his friends, "OK guys, it's time to fill this married ass up until he overflows." Gary's friends had shed most of their clothes and stood in a semicircle fisting their semi hard cocks to full hardness, as Tony sucked deeply on Gary's cock.

One of them moved forward and stuck a thumb up Tony's ass and murmured in approval, "nice and ready for us as well." Then withdrawing his thumb he grabbed his own cock by the root and drove his 8 inch cock all the way into Tony's ass. "Mmmmmm...nIce and tight like you promised Gary."

Gary felt Tony groan round his cock as his friend Rob buried his cock to his balls, holding it deep for a moment before slowly pulling back until almost leaving Tony's ass. After a couple of long slow strokes, Rob grabbed Tony's hips and with a low growl said, "Now I am going to fuck your brains out." Pulling Tony back onto his thrusts Rob slammed in and out with a speed and ferocity that Tony had never experienced. Tony was panting onto Gary's cock as Rob fucked him without slowing until with a loud yell, Rob unloaded deep in Tony's bowels.

Tony felt a void in his ass as Rob pulled out, but only for a brief moment, as the next guy took his place. Gary held the camera so the watchers could see the pearls of cum oozing from Tony's anal star, on which Mike was wiping his cock, coating his cock head in Rob's cum.

"Now for some Mike cock," Mike said as he slowly sank himself into Tony's ass.

Tony felt himself being opened, and although the new cock wasn't as long as Rob's, it was as fat as Gary's cock in his mouth. Mike's pace was slow and measured, as he drove in before slowly pulling back, pausing for a moment before slowly pushing back in. Tony's jaw was aching and it was a relief when Gary removed his cock from Tony's mouth, laughing as he said, "I will end up shooting in your mouth and I want a piece of that fine ass again first."

Tony's disappointment at not getting a belly full of cum was short lived, as a new cock was presented to his face. It was of average size and cut, but almost seemed small compared to Gary's monster, but even still he sucked it in eagerly. "That's it boy," a gruff voice said, "unlike Gary I am more that happy to dump my load in your slutty mouth, so suck me good."

Tony felt a strong hand grip his hair and start to face fuck him, as he gagged on the thick cock that was almost touching the back of his throat.

The sound of Tony gagging on John's cock was so hot that Mike could feel his balls tighten, ready to dump a second load into Tony's ass, "Oh you sweet slut," Mike groaned as he pumped squirt after squirt into Tony's rectum.

Tony hardly noticed Mike pulling out of his ass, as he concentrated on trying to breath around John's thick cock, but could hear the voices coming both from the room and the computer, and he heard what was coming next.

"Make him moan like the married bitch he is," said one online watcher, as Gary teased his large cock at Tony's anal star.

"Show him what his married ass is really for," said another voice. as Gary sank his cock fully into Tony's ass, sending Tony into raptures. John could see Gary's cock sliding home, and the guttural moan of pleasure that escaped from Tony's lips, which were wrapped round John's cock, sent him over the edge. His first spurt hit the back of Tony's throat with such force it caused an instant gag reaction. Pulling out from Tony's mouth, John worked his cock, sending thick streams of his seed into Tony's face.

"Now he looks properly slutty," John laughed, as he saw his seed dripping from Tony's cheeks and chin.

Tony wasn't really listening, as Gary fucked him with increasing speed and vigour. In their previous encounter, Gary had fucked Tony slowly and paused frequently, as Tony was a virgin, and even with the dildo experience, had never taken a cock like his. This time it was different. Tony's ass was well opened and lubed from Rob's and Mike's fucking, and this allowed Gary to own Tony's ass completely.

Taking a firm hold of Tony's hips, Gary plowed in and out of Tony's open ass, causing loud grunts of pleasure to fill the room. Gary pulled his cock fully out of Tony's ass, and Rob repositioned the camera, so the online audience could see Tony's ass gape open, before Gary drove back in, filling Tony completely.

Tony's head was buried in the bed as he surrendered himself fully to Gary's anal assault. He had never imagined it would feel this good, and felt his own cock explode without even touching it, such was the pure pleasure he was experiencing from Gary's fucking. Tony could feel Gary's fingers digging into his flesh, as Gary grunted and jerked hard, filling Tony's ass with cum. "You ... wonderful ... dirty... sexy ...married... slut," Gary grunted, as each word was punctuated with a savage thrust and a spurt of cum deep into Tony's anal passage.

Tony was only semi conscious as he heard a disappointed voice behind him, "well that's fucked," said one of the two guys who hadn't fucked him yet.

"Yeah he is a bit open now," laughed Gary, as he peered at Tony's cum filled, gaping anal star, "perhaps I should have gone last, however it has given me an idea Billy, that is if you and Steve are up for it."

Tony could hear some mumbling as he lay there in heaven, feeling the cum oozing from his sore open ass, and knew his life would never be the same again when his wife returned. "Well I am game if you are," said Billy, looking at Steve," but what about your boy?" he said nodding towards Tony, still ass up on the bed.

"Don't ask, just do," laughed Gary, "anyway I don't think he will care."

Tony was a little confused as the one called Steve lay on the bed next to him with his hard cock pointing up in the air. Strong hands lifted and guided Tony until he was squatting over Steve with his hands on his furry chest. Realising what was expected of him Tony sank down onto Steve's cock moaning with pleasure as 7 inches sank into him. Without being told Tony started to ride up and down, closing his eyes and savouring the pleasure he was feeling, his ass so open he took the cock with ease.

"Just relax," said a strong but gentle voice behind him, and Tony felt a hand gently pushing him forward, until his chest was pressed against Steve's chest. Tony felt Billy climb onto the bed, and as he manoeuvred himself into position, it dawned on Tony what was about to happen. Before he could protest, Tony felt a blinding stab of pain as Billy pushed his cock head into his ass alongside Steve's cock, opening Tony even more than Gary's cock had previously. Tony could only make a squeaking noise as Billy pushed deeper and deeper, until his full 8 inches were buried as deep as Steve's, and then pressing himself against Tony's back, whispered in his ear, "how does it feel?"

"Fucking marvellous," Tony groaned loudly, as the two men started to slowly move their cocks inside his ass, sending waves of pleasure and pain through his body. Opening his mouth to pant for breath Tony found it filled with Gary's semi hard cock, and his mouth filled with the musky taste of his own ass, mixed with the variety of sperm coating Gary's cock.

Removing his cock from Tony's mouth to allow him to breath, Gary watched the waves of pure pleasure rushing across Tony's face, as first Steve, and then Billy moments later, unloaded into Tony's ravaged ass, the friction of cock against cock inside of Tony's tight ass proving too much for them to hold out for very long.

Tony lay in a stupor as the guys dressed and threw words of thanks over their shoulders as they left. Looking up at Gary, who was still naked, Tony smiled weakly, but with pleasure, as Gary stared down at him and said, "how long do we have until your wife returns?"

"Enough time for you to fuck me a few more times," murmured Tony, "but first I need to get some sleep."

"Good get your energy back, you are going to need it," said Gary, spooning Tony's back, and drifted off to sleep planning in his head some further adventures for his new married slut.