 Once in the bathroom, I turned the shower on and we stepped in. I took the soap and sponge and had Allen turn around and I scrubbed his back with the thick soap and slowly worked my way to his ass. I took my time, feeling his cute, tight, muscular butt and legs as I soaped him up. 

I then turned him around, letting the warm water rinse his back and ass, his 19 year old cock fully erect and started soaping his front, feeling his small chest, his hard, pink nipples, working my way down to his tight stomach. He was built like a swimmer for sure. I then soaped his hard cock and balls, kneeling to work my way down his legs, the tip of his dick only inches from my face.

I turned him back to the water and rinsed the soap off his front. I then said, "Now do me, the same way."

He took the soap as we swapped places and he began to soap my back and worked his way to my ass. He spent a long time on my butt, soaping it, feeling it, running his fingers over it and up and down my crack. He then finished by soaping my legs.

I turned to face him, while he was still on his knees, my cock beginning to harder again. inches from his face. He leaned forward and kissed the head, then began to soap up my legs to my crotch then my stomach and chest, taking his time and really feeling my body.

"So, what do you think?" I asked.

He smiled, "I think you're body is amazing. How old are you?"

I grinned, "I'm twice your age, 38, but I really meant what did you think about your first gay experience?"

He stood there for a second, thinking, then said, "Well, I loved it. I really did."

"So, you want to do it again I hope?"

He smiled, "Yes sir, I really do. I want to try everything."

"And this was really the very first time for you to do any of that?" I asked.

"Yes," he replied nodding rapidly. He then went on, "My roommate this year in college, he and I jerked off a lot, at the same time, but never touched each other. The last week of school, he, well, he, kinda suggested that we should jerk each other off." 

He paused for a few minutes, the said, "I was to afraid to try it, so I said 'maybe later' and just kept jerking myself off."

"I think he might have wanted to play more than just jerking," I said, smiling, rinsing the rest of the soap of myself.

He nodded, "That was what I was afraid of. But now, now I wish I would have done it."

I then asked, "Did you like swallowing your own cum?"

He nodded, then said, "Yes, I actually have eaten my own cum several times, especially if I jerk off at home because I don't want my mom finding my cum on the bathroom rags." He then added, "I like the taste, I just was worried about kissing you."

"Are you okay with that now? The kissing part?" I asked.

He nodded and I leaned in and kissed him as we stood there naked.

"Did you wear that speedo to turn me on?" I asked, shutting the water off.

Not it was his turn to grin, "I think I did, I have regular swim trunks, but I like wearing it and I was thinking about my roommate and jerking off together when you called me, which is why I was already hard."

We helped each other dry off and went into my bedroom. It was already ten in the morning and I had a lunch engagement, so our time was limited.

"Lay down on the bed," I instructed.

"Okay," he said as he climbed onto my bed.

Once he was there, I climbed on the bed and straddled his head. Then said, "I'm going to teach you how to 69. That means you'll be sucking me while I suck you."

"Awesome!" he said, his mouth inches from my mouth.

"I'm going to push my cock as deep as I can into your mouth, try to relax your throat, just like you did your ass and take as much as you can." He nodded and I went on, "I'm probably going to choke you, just suck through it."

"Okay," he then asked, "are you going to cum in my mouth?"

"Yes, I'm going to fill your mouth with cum and I expect you to swallow it all," I replied.

I then positioned myself with my cock directly over his mouth and lowered my hips, pushing my cock into his mouth, then took his cock into my mouth. We both moaned lightly as we entered each other's mouths.

I began to pump my hips, pushing more and more of my now fully erect cock into his mouth. I heard him gag and try to spit my cock out, I just continued to push forward, deeper. He thrashed a bit, and I pulled his cock from my mouth and said, "Relax your throat! Breath through your nose, swallow, let it slip into your throat."

He relaxed and stopped thrashing and I continued to push into his mouth. I could feel his nose touching my balls and knew I was as deep as I could go. I was impressed that he could take the full eight inches on just his second attempt.

We continued to suck each other, as pulled his thighs up and slipped my hand under him, finding his balls with one hand and squeezing them tightly. He followed my lead and did the same to me. We continued to suck each other deeply and play with each others balls. I felt his tighten and knew he was close to cumming. I could tell I was getting closer too and my own balls began to tighten.

He started cumming and I started swallowing. This load was almost as big as the first load. As I drained his last cumshot, I began unloading my own load. I could feel him swallowing and taking my load. Of course this load was nothing compared to my first one, but it was still heavy.

He swallowed every drop and I slowly began to raise my hips and pull my softening cock from his mouth. As it left his lips, he wrapped his hand around it and stopped me, squeezing the last drop or two from me, he kissed the head and smeared the remaining drop all over his lips.

I released his cock from my mouth and spun around to face him, now straddling his hips, I leaned down. He immediately opened his mouth and closed his eyes as we began to kiss. We kissed deeply and for a long time.

I finally broke the kiss and said, "I hate to fuck, eat and run, but I have to go."

He smiled and said, "Well, I need to get back to work on your pool sir."

I grinned, kissed him on the lips and said, "If you are going to work in the pool, I want you to wear your speedo again. Actually, every time you come over, wear that."

"Yes sir, I will," he replied. Then he said, "Are we going to do this again?"

I got up off of the bed, grabbed my jeans and started slipping them on, and replied, "Yes, I plan on fucking you a lot...unless you don't want that to happen."

He was standing now, and handing my my shirt, "I do want you to, I want to learn as much as I can about, well, about this kind of stuff."

"Good," I said, slipping on my shoes, "I want you to do whatever I tell you, can you do that?"

He nodded and said, "Yes sir, I'll do anything, literally anything!" He smiled and then said, "I want to please you, and I really will do anything."

I smiled, and we headed downstairs, he stopped in the kitchen and slipped the tight speedo back on. I pulled him close to me and kissed him again.

"You work on the pool, come in and cool off any time you want," I said, "and in the upstairs spare bedroom there is a DVD player and probably 30 DVD's of porn, feel free to watch any of it."

His eyes were wide, "WOW! I've never really watched a lot of porn, I can't wait to see what you have, are they all gay?"

"No, there are a few gay, a few homemade gay too with me and a friend, but most is regular porn."

"Awesome! I'm going to get busy on the pool first," he said. He turned and I watched that cute butt, barely concealed by the speedo, bounce out the door towards the pool.

I left and headed for my lunch date...