 When I arrived home, I found Mark in the backyard finishing up the last camera installation. He was naked and had a thin layer of sweat on his body which glistened in the sunlight.

Allen was putting my lawnmower, and tools back into the pool shed. He was naked too, his teen body tanned and glistening with fine layer of sweat as well.

"Well, I guess you two are pretty comfortable with each other now," I said, both turned around and smiled.

"I'm almost done and then I'll come show you how everything works," Mark said.

Allen said, "And I've got a date, so I was trying to finish up so we could spend a little time before I have to go."

"I'm going to go in and get naked, see you both in a few minutes then," I replied.

I went in and stripped naked, leaving my clothes laying across the back of my couch. A few minutes later, Allen walked in, he said he had to leave by six for his date, it was four now. I told him to run upstairs and shower in my shower. He smiled and took off up the stairs.

Mark came in a few minutes later. He was fully erect and dropped to his knees in front of me taking my cock into his mouth.

"Whoa! Hang on, I want you to use the guest shower, get cleaned up and then come up to my room." I instructed.

He nodded, gave my cock a long suck and then headed to the shower.

I went upstairs just as Allen was coming out, his body was still damp, and a little pink from the hot shower. His cock was fully erect and he smiled as he looked at mine.

"Did you like fucking Mark?" I asked, stroking my own cock slowly.

He nodded, then said, "Yes, his I really did, but I think I still like getting fucked even more."

"Good, because when he comes up, you are going to fuck him, while I fuck you," I said, smiling.

His face lit up and he smiled back, "Wow! That will be so hot!"

Mark came in about that time, naked as well and a little damp too.

I motioned towards the bed and said, "Mark, bend over the bed." He did and I ran my hands across his plump bottom, parting the cheeks of his ass and pouring some lube down his crack. I then slid a finger into him. 

"Allen, get a condom on and come here," I ordered. He did as I said, slipping a condom onto his erect cock. 

When he walked over to us, I rubbed some lube up and down the length of his cock. I then positioned his cock at the entrance of Mark's anus and started to push it in, pulling Allen closer to Mark's butt.

Allen pushed forward until his full length was buried in Mark's asshole.

I then took some of the lube, smeared it on my own cock, then spread Allen's 19 year old ass cheeks apart and smeared lube on his crack and hole. I then stepped up and slowly slid my cock into his tight ass. Slowly, inch by inch I slipped into him.

He moaned deeply as I entered him, Mark was moaning too. Soon I was fully inside Allen, and breathing heavily, I said, "Allen, now just rock back and forth between us."

I eased about two inches out of Allen and felt his ass following me, then he slid forward, pushing back inside Mark. He finally got a nice rhythm going, pulling about three inches out of Mark, as the full length of my cock slid inside him. Then he would slid the full length of his cock back into Mark, leaving about three inches of my cock exposed.

He picked up the pace and was fucking Mark harder and harder, as he fucked himself on my cock at the same harder pace. I reached around him and played with his small pink nipples and kissed his neck.

I whispered, "How do you like this Allen? Do you like my cock in you and your cock in Mark?"

"He leaned back into me and moaned, "Yes, oh my yes, your dick feels amazing and his ass is so tight."

Mark then moaned and said, "Fuck me Allen, fuck my fat ass, fuck me, fuck me!!"

Allen fucked us harder and harder and soon I could feel my orgasm building. I felt Allen's ass tighten and knew he was getting close too. Mark let out another moan and said, "Guys I'm cumming!" 

Allen followed next, "Oh fuck! Oh Fuck! I'm cumming too, oh fuck!"

I then released my own load deep in Allen's ass, moaning the same thing they were.

I filled him full as he kept pounding Mark and forcing his ass back onto me. Soon there was a lather of cum built up at the opening of his anus as I fucked the cum to a froth.

He finally stopped moving and I slid free from him, a river of cum flowing out of his hole and dripping onto the carpet.

He withdrew his own cock from Mark's ass and slid the full condom off of his cock. I took it from him and handed it to Mark who was standing up and turning to look at us.

"Drink this, then clean us up," I said to Mark.

He took the condom and turned it upright, letting the thick load slide into his mouth. He drank it all down then I pushed Allen forward on the bed, and Mark slid his tongue between Marks ass, rimming and licking up the cum I had deposited there. Allen was once again moaning and groaning loudly.

Once Allen's ass was cleaned, he turned his attention to my cock, taking my slowly deflating cock into his mouth and cleaning off the frothy cum from Allen's ass.

Once he had cleaned up Allen's ass and my cock, he turned to the bed and licked up his

cum that he had deposited there.

Allen spoke up first, "That was incredible!" he exclaimed.

Mark responded, "Yes, it was amazing! I can't wait to see the video!"

"Video?" Allen asked.

I explained that the room now had five cameras and pointed them out. I told him not to worry that no one would ever see the videos. He smiled and asked, "Well can I at least watch sometime?"

Smiling I replied, "Yes you can and trust me you will be the star of many more to come."

He said he needed to go, so he headed downstairs to the backyard for his swimsuit, shorts and t-shirt. After dressing, he kissed me and Mark goodbye and headed out on his date.

Mark and I were still naked and Mark said he would need to go soon too.

"Do you want me to share the video with Shelly?" I asked. Shelly is Mark's wife and she is very open sexually. She has been in several threesomes with Mark and I. Like Mark, Shelly is a bit chubby, but carries it very nicely. She has beautiful reddish blonde hair, similar to Allen's and keeps her pussy shaved smooth. She has a large strap on that she uses on Mark from time to time. She had actually worn it fucking him, as I fucked her in the ass, just exactly the way the three of us had fucked minutes ago.

"Hell yeah!" He replied, "Make me a copy, she'll be so horny she'll fuck my brains out."

Mark went to get his clothes while I pulled up the video in my den office. I stuck in a USB drive and copied it over. The whole thing was probably only ten or twelve minutes of us fucking, but it was hot to watch.

Mark came back in carrying his clothes, I told him that I could use my ass eaten. I then stood up and bent over the desk. He spread my cheeks wide apart and stuck his tongue in my, he ate my ass while the video copied over, moaning and groaning into my hole. My cock began to harden again with his oral work on my ass, I turned around and he took my cock into his mouth, cupping my balls with one hand and slipping a finger into my well slobbered on asshole.

Within a few minutes I dumped a small load of cum into his waiting mouth. He swallowed the small load and then asked if I were through with him. I was, so I told him to get dressed. 

I gave him his thumb drive and he left saying he would be back in the morning to finish up the front cameras. 

After he left, I replayed the video of the three of us fucking, it was extremely hot and I was amazed at the incredible job Allen was doing fucking Mark and fucking himself on my cock. I could feel my tired cock starting to twitch a bit when the doorbell rang.

I quickly threw on my work slacks and polo shirt, forgoing with underwear and my socks and shoes. I was more than a little surprised when I opened the door and found Allen's Mom standing there.

"Hello Mrs. Wilson, come in," I said, now a little embarrassed that my cock was quite visible through the slacks.

She was wearing a small tube top and shorts that were very short and very tight. He tanned legs were stunning and as I watched her walk past me into the entry way, I couldn't help but think her ass was very similar to her son's ass.

"Thank you, I have a really weird question I need to ask you, and I hope it isn't too out of line," she said, walking past me and into the kitchen area.

"No, I'm open to whatever, I'm sure," I stammered, "have a seat," I added pulling out a chair for her and taking one myself.

"Well, let me get right to the point," she said, I couldn't help but notice that her nipples were now erect and poking against the tight top.

"Okay," I replied, smiling.

"Are you sexually attracted to my son?" she asked, her face flushing and I swear her nipples getting harder.

I paused for a minute, caught a little off guard, "Well, do you think I'm gay?"

Now she paused, and her nipples still very, very erect, "No, that's not what I was implying, though there isn't anything wrong with that," smiling now, "I just, well, he spends a lot of time over here and he's always wearing that skimpy green speedo when he leaves the house. He doesn't think I notice, but I do notice."

"Okay," I said, "I do think he is a nice looking young man, he has a nice body, and yes I actually like seeing him in that green speedo and I'm probably the reason he does, I said something about never being ashamed of yourself and that if he likes that he can wear it over here anytime."

Watching her, her face stayed flushed and those nipples were still fully erect. She sat quiet for a minute and said, "So, that's a yes?"

"I'm bisexual, so yes, I find him attractive," those nipples getting even harder if that was possible. "But, I'm pretty sure he has a girlfriend that he is pretty crazy about," her nipples seemed to relax a bit.

"Oh that, that won't last," she said, "she's a goody goody, I've know her parents forever, she'll get bored with him," she added.

Noticing that the color had returned to her face and that her nipples had relaxed a bit, I decided to see if I could fluster her.

"Can I ask you something?" I asked.

She nodded, and I asked, "Are you sexually attracted to your son?" Instantly her cheeks turned bright red and her nipples almost tore through the thin material.

"That would be a no, that's just wrong! I can't believe that you would dare ask something like that!" She exclaimed, "I mean, that is, is just, just so wrong!" Yet her nipples remained extremely erect.

I smiled and replied, "So, that's a no then?"

"Yes, that is a NO!" she exclaimed again.

"Okay, I just had to ask, because, and I mean nothing by this, but when you ask about him and when I did, your nipples became fully erect, and when you talked about his girlfriend they went soft, plus your face is crimson right now." I stated.

"Well, it's a bit chilly in here and I'm red because I'm mad that you would ask such a thing!" she replied, then added, "That is disgusting, I can't believe you would ask me that!"

She stood to leave and I stood too, it was quite clear when she looked down she saw my expanding cock. She composed herself and then said, "I just was concerned that maybe he was gay and that maybe you two were doing things, I'm sorry if I was wrong." She then started walking to the door.

"Wait, I'm not offended and I'm very sorry if I upset you. But, let me ask you, if he wasn't your son, would you be turned on?" 

"Yes, I would be attracted to most 19 year old guys that are cute and, well, but not Allen, I just wondered if he was gay."

I stopped her by stepping slightly in front of her, "and if he is gay, is that a problem?"

She shook her head, and replied, "Nothing, I was just curious. Now I have to go."

With that, she let herself out the door and trotted back across the street, just as her son was pulling out of the driveway to head out on his date. He stopped in the street and they visited for a few minutes and then he left, she went on inside the house.

I closed the door and heard my phone buzz, it was Allen, he typed, "What did my mom want."

I replied, "To know if I was sexually attracted to you."

He sent, "NO SHIT? WHY would she ask that????"

I texted, "she wanted to know if I was gay and if I had the hots for you. I told her I did think you were handsome, with a nice body."

"What did she say?" he typed.

I responded, "She seemed fine with it, I added I wasn't gay and that I didn't think you were gay at all."

He replied, "Whew! I am going to insist my girlfriend jerk me off tonight."

"That should go over well! Good luck"

I stripped back down and carried my clothes upstairs for a nice, long hot shower. I couldn't wait to fuck Allen tomorrow. Little did I know, I wasn't going to have to wait until tomorrow...