 *This story is the continuation to my previous two stories. All account of this story are true and are from my personal experience. I hope you all enjoy it and thank you again for the feedback on my precious post*

***

I'm still completely naked on all fours on his bed, trembling from the amazing orgasm I'd just experienced. I knew "H" had more plans for me that night. I didn't understand how I could orgasm so hard; harder than I've ever cum in my entire life, simple from a man using his hands. That night his hand felt better than any pussy I had fucked before.

I took a deep breath and mentally prepared myself for what I knew was coming next. I was finally about to get my anal virginity taken. Part of me didn't feel ready and another part of me knew it was what I needed. I've always fantasized about being fucked like one of the hot bimbos from a porno scene. Tonight was my chance to be that bimbo.

Still on all fours I turn my head to see "H" ripping open a condom packet and sliding it on his hard black cock. He then grab some lube and begin to squirt it on my hole. It was cold but felt good as he gently massaged it around. I felt him slide a finger inside me. I gasp and let out a soft moan.

I watch him with my head turned as he squirts more lube on his condom. He then presses his large mushroom head of his cock against my hole. I tense up and beg him to take it easy on me. He places his large black hands on my back and tells me to relax. He reassured me that he'll be gentle at first and move at my pace.

He pushed only the head inside of me and I let out a load moan. It was a moan both from pleasure and pain, but mostly pain. It was hurting like hell. There was no way for me to hide that. There was a split second where wanted to change my mind and not go through with it but I knew this was what I've always wanted. I had to fight through the pain.

He struggles to get the head all the way inside my tight hole, so he squirts more lube. That seemed to do the trick as he was able to slide further inside me. The pain subsided and now the only thing I felt was pure pleasure. He pushes his black cock further and further inside of me.

"Damn baby!" He says as he slowly goes in and out of my hole. He grabs my ass cheeks and spreads them while he continues to fuck me. Deeper he goes with each stroke.

As I feel him going deeper inside me I begin to moan loader. "Omg your cock feels so good inside me." I say. He begins to pound me harder. I began to scream so loud I'm pretty sure the neighbors in his apartment complex can hear me. I could feel his black cock pulsating inside my hole.

He starts to pick up the pace and begins to slam his cock inside me. I can feel his balls slapping my ass as he pounds me. He slaps my ass while fucking me and says "Tell me this pussy belongs to me baby."

I scream out "THIS PUSSY IS ALL YOURS DADDY!" And I meant every word of it. I wanted this man's cock inside . He felt so amazing, sliding in and out my boy pussy. I tell him to fuck me harder, fucker me deeper. He gladly obliged.

He then pulls out and flips me over on my back. It wasn't hard for him to do with his large body and my small frame. He puts my legs on his shoulders and slides back inside me. "Fuck baby!" I say while he starts to pound me with my legs rested on him. 

He's fucking me so good my cock starts to get hard again. I began to jack off while he's balls deep inside me. I'm stroking my cock while he grinds his hips against me. I scream to him that I'm about cum.

"Cum for me baby" he says. That was the only words I needed to hear. My cum shoots out landing on my face and my chest. With a deep voice he moans and says "I'm about to cum baby".

"Yes! Cum daddy!" I respond. I can feel his warm cum filling up his condom while he's still inside me. He slows his pace down and leans over closer to my body. I wrap my arms around his large manly body while he continues to cum. 

I can feel the sweat from our bodies meet. He stops and just lays on top of me breathing hard. I'm kissing his shoulders and still moaning reliving the hot moment we just shared.

He gets off me and goes to the bathroom to wash up. While he's gone I take a look at my phone and see I have missed text messages from my friends who are now at the bar waiting on me to arrive. So I quickly put on my clothes and tell "H" that I have to go. He understood and walked me to the door. 

Eventually I arrive at the bar and greet my friends. We shared some drinks and laughs that night. I think the hottest part was that my straight guy friends who also believe me to be straight had no idea that I'd been fucked right before. Not just fucked, but fucked by a man. It replayed in my mind the entire night out with my friends. I couldn't wait for my next adventure with "H".