 I stretched out face down on the lower bench of the sauna, luxuriating in the gentler heat down low and the space available to me, the sole occupant. As a nineteen year old student I was able to take advantage of quiet times when most people were working, currently it was early afternoon and I appeared to be the only customer in the spa complex at all. 

So I was a bit exposed when the door opened and another man entered, he was older than me and quite a physical contrast. I was what you'd call a 'twink' nowadays, fit and slim, not much body hair and pale complexion. My new companion, was solider with an olive complexion and hairy chest. Definitely, man and boy.

After exchanging pleasantries and building up a sweat my companion used a razor in the heat to top up his shave and then asked me if I'd like a massage. I knew immediately what this was intended to lead to and even though my experience of homosexual sex was nil and my knowledge not much greater and it was actually illegal at the time (1978, so pre-AIDS) in New Zealand, I acquiesced immediately.

Although it started out innocuously enough around the shoulders and upper back it was very sensuous and beneath the façade of my relaxed body I was immediately hard. Visibly however I remained just totally relaxed as my companion cautiously explored the limits I would accept. He started out checking how submissive to his control I was, taking my arms and stretching them to get different strokes. I demonstrated I was totally compliant, offering no resistance as my upper body was taken charge of.

As the attention shifted to my legs there was the most delicate run of a thumb through the crack of my bum as his hands passed down onto my legs. 

Now the testing of my acceptance got a little more rigorous. After the initial runs over my legs one was lifted so my foot was hooked over his shoulder with my shin resting against that mat of chest hair as my calf muscle was massaged. Of course the raised leg was also spread slightly so I was even more exposed and remained as compliant as before. 

Confident now, the massage moved back up to my thighs, which had been left spread with his knee in between keeping them apart, and the strokes up my inner thighs were just brushing my balls. Time for the final test and this time as his hands passed over my bum he quickly just slipped a finger into me. Oh my, no one had ever done that to me, but I think I remained perfectly relaxed.

In control now, he reached between my legs and gently cupped me my by the balls. In my first affirmative act I lifted slightly off the bench so he could reach under and feel my erection.

The sauna heat was getting to me by now and I sat up to say I needed the plunge pool. It was fortunate the spa was still deserted as there was no being discreet with the seven inch erection I was now sporting as I headed out and dived into the pool. Following me in I was gently shepherded into a corner of the pool, furthest away from any potential new comers to the spa. Here the activity was overtly sexual and not at all effeminate. I was firmly handled by a confident, experienced and dominant male intent on ensuring I would remain excited enough to go further. In all respects it was a world away from my till then fumbling experience with girls of my own age. His kissing was strong and forceful, his hands were all over me and I sort of clung to his chest and soaked up his masculinity while trying to give as good as I was getting.

When the plunge pool had chilled us to the bone we headed back to heat of the sauna. I sat on the lowest bench and he stood in front of me, which made it as natural as a first time can be to lean forward and take him in my mouth. Through self control and an awareness of the consequences of discovery he was not sporting an erection, but he quickly grew to full size in my mouth. As the first cock I had ever seen so close I can still remember it vividly. Circumcised (I'm not) and with a large perfectly shaped head, shaft a little thicker me. A man's cock that I sucked on with enthusiasm and a bit of book learning, courtesy of the Penthouse letters column. Realising by now that I was up for anything, and the spa was potentially too public, he asked me if I would go to his house. I agreed, we dried off, left separately to avoid suspicion and I joined him in his car in the car park.

At the house, with no likelihood of being disturbed, we were quickly into a '69' and I was struggling to cope with the amount of cock being driven into my mouth. He was long enough to be looking for me to deep throat him but that was beyond my experience and skill. I was gagging and feeling a bit inadequate as my mouth was fucked when I felt a cold lubricating cream being applied to my anus and a finger inserted. Now I was being penetrated at two ends and my own cock was still being sucked as well. 

If I hadn't been struggling to do a proficient job on his cock I'm sure I would have come immediately. As it was I held on until I was flipped onto my back, legs placed over his shoulders and he attempted to insert his cock into my arse. He couldn't exert enough force to make an entry in this position so soon shifted me to a face down position on the bed.

With me spreadeagled beneath him he could line up and exert enough pressure to get into my virgin hole. Oh my, the finger work hadn't prepared me for that. Its still one of the thicker cocks I've taken up there and I felt like I was being torn apart. I pressed my head into pillow and tried to manage the pain as I was vigorously fucked. I badly wanted to be a 'good fuck' and I don't think I gave any indication of pain as I was driven into the mattress , I even tried to push back and match the rhythm weakly. It was a test of endurance that lasted some time as my lover had plenty of staying power, I was more than a little relieved when he began to build to his climax. 

He grunted to a very vocal climax before pulling out, turning me over and focusing on my cock. Alternating between sucking and pulling, he skillfully kept me from coming too soon before pulling me to an explosive climax. 

My man wasn't finished yet though and soon I was presented with his cock to suck back to life. It had just been inside me and tasted like it too. I knew this was not the smartest thing to do but I was still keen to please. Pretty soon he was back to an impressive thickness again and guided me face down on the bed. Back inside me he had to drive himself harder to get to his second orgasm so the shafting I got was longer and more vigorous than the first time. When it came the climax was more powerful than the first, accompanied by exclamations of delight and surprise that he'd come twice which did make me feel as if I must have succeeded in being a 'good fuck' somehow.

Lying together afterward he offered that he felt guilty sometimes and asked how I felt, when I replied that I didn't know, it was the first time I'd done it he was bit stunned and pretty thrilled. I didn't really know how I felt at that time, my arse bled for a couple of days afterwards and I had to manage a small infection in a crack on my lip. However I continued to bump into him over the years at the sauna (which of course turned out to be a bit of a gay pick up joint) and was always keen to go back with him. Even though I'm primarily straight the raw sex that was on offer helped me through many a dry patch and I still look back on the most intense orgasms of my life with him, once I'd stretched a bit to accommodate his girth.