 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

***

Melissa and I fucked again in the pool house, then headed inside for a hot shower, then off to bed. She was dozing when I got a text from Allen.

"You up?"

"Yes" I replied. "How was the rest of the evening with Wendy?"

"Great, still no head, but jerked me off!"

"Are you home yet?"

"Yes," he replied. "About to jerk off, hoping mom watches."

"I bet she does, and I bet you can watch her too!" I texted.

"NO WAY! You think??" He replied.

"Count on it :)" I replied.

The next morning, Melissa and I were having breakfast when Allen came in, a big smile on his face. Which grew into a shocked face when he realized both Melissa and I were naked!

"Oh crap! I'm so sorry! I didn't realize..."

I grinned as Melissa said, "Don't be sorry, come join us!".

Allen came in, striping off his clothes a he went. Once he was naked, Melissa reached for his cock and gave it a nice squeeze.

"You have a cute cock!" she exclaimed.

"Thank you," Allen said, his breathing thick and hard.

"Can I suck him?" She asked, looking at me.

"No, you cannot, he's here to suck me." I replied.

Allen smiled and walked over to me, he knelt down and took my cock into his mouth. He began to suck from the tip of my head to the base of my eight inches. He had become such a great cocksucker.

"That is so hot!" Melissa said.

"Melissa, I want you to go upstairs and put on the strapon that is in the drawer next to the bed. Once you have it on, come back down with the lube, you are going to fuck Allen while he sucks my cock." She jumped up smiling and ran upstairs.

"Allen," I said, pulling his mouth off of my cock, "What did you want to tell me this morning?"

"Mom!" he exclaimed, "She stood in the door, naked and watched me jerk off. After I ate my come she told me to follow her. Once I got to her doorway, she laid on the bed and started to finger herself! She came!! Right in front of me, while I watched!" He was so excited, he then added, "I was hard again so I jerked off watching her and came again, I ate that load too! She asked if I liked cum, or just my cum, I said I loved all cum! She smiled and told me to go to bed!"

"Excellent! I thought you might get to see a bit more. Now, swallow my cock again." Melissa arrived at that time, her eight inch, flesh colored rubber cock bobbing in front of her, already glistening with anal lube.

"Melissa, grease up his ass." I ordered.

Allen moved onto his knees as I slunk to the floor, his ass now high in the air. Melissa smeared the anal lube on his asshole, fingering him with two, then three fingers.

Allen moaned around my cock, as Melissa entered him pushing the full length of her rubber cock into his ass. Soon, she was fully embedded in his tight hole and after letting him adjust for a few minutes, she began to fuck him, pulling it all the way out and then shoving it back in as hard as she could.

Allen groaned as his ass took the plunging cock over and over and he continued to deep throat my cock.

Melissa came twice while plunging into him, the four inch base of the strapon rubbing her clit and pussy as she fucked him.

I was finally ready to cum, "I'm cumming Allen, swallow it all!" I yelled.

Allen swallowed the full load, taking gulp after gulp until my seed was gone.

"Melissa, you can stop fucking him now," I said. Melissa pulled the dildo from his ass, his hole still gaping open. Her own breathing was heavy as she was nearing a third orgasm when I made her stop.

"Allen, lay down on the floor," he did as I told him. "Melissa, sit on his face," I said and she did. "Allen, eat Melissa's pussy." And he did.

Melissa had several orgasms as he ate her repeated, licking and sucking on her lips and sucking on her large clit.

While he ate her, I texted his mom:

'So, I hear Allen came twice for you'

She replied, 'Yes, he did, I came twice too'

'Aren't you glad you let him see you'

'Yes and no'

'Why no?' I asked.

'Because now I'm afraid that I will want more'

'He is excellent at eating pussy...he's eating my girlfriend now'

'WHAT!'

'I'm letting him eat her, she's cum three times on his face so far'

'NO WAY'

'Want a picture?' I took a shot of Melissa's head back in orgasm, her pussy easily visible on Allen's face.

'Yes please'

I sent the picture.

'Wow, he really is eating her'. She then added, 'I really though he was gay, not bi'

'He likes pussy and he loves Wendy' I typed.

'She's a virgin though and not letting him get far'

'He's getting her to jerk him off now...that's a big deal!' I typed.

'I have to run, his dad is calling'

I took several more pictures of him eating my girlfriend, then a short video as she came again. His cock was turning a deep red as it throbbed and bobbed.

"Time to get ready to go Melissa, you've got to hit the road and head back."

She stood up, Allen's face was covered in cum and both sides of this face had small pools of pussy juice beside him.

"Can I suck him now?" She asked, staring down at his throbbing hard cock.

"No, go get dressed."

She left to pack and get dressed.

Allen sat up, "Can I jerk off sir?"

"No, don't touch your cock, I want to keep you hard all day." With that I handed him a cockring that snapped in place. I showed him how to secure his balls in one part and his cock in the other. I snapped it tight and he groaned.

"You like that?" I asked, he simply smiled and nodded.

Melissa came downstairs, her bag in hand and said she was ready to go.

She gave both of us deep kisses then I slipped on trunks to walk her to the car. We kissed and made plans to meet next month. 

I went back in, Allen was sitting at the kitchen bar, his naked body with a fine sheen of sweat on it.

"Allen, did you like eating her pussy?" I asked.

"Yes!" He exclaimed, "I loved it! Her pussy was really tasty. I wish she had been full of cum, I think that would be so hot!"

"Tell me about your mom's pussy."

He smiled, "It was beautiful, no hair at all, and her clit was like an inch long, easy to see as she rubbed it with one hand and fingered herself with the other."

"What did she think about you eating your cum?" I asked.

"She seemed to like it, she moaned as I ate it." He then added, "I jerked off again after I left her and ate my third load of the night, it was so awesome!"

My cock started getting hard again, thinking about him eating his cum while his mom fingered herself. I dropped my trunks and took Allen by the hand, leading him outside to the one of the pool loungers.

I bent him over, grabbing some tanning oil and lubed his ass with it, while I lubed by cock. I slowly slid into him, taking my time, wanting him to feel every inch, every vein of my cock. Once I was fully inside, I sat there, my cock completed buried, my pubic bone pushed against his ass cheeks.

"Tell me what you want Allen," I ordered.

"I want you to fuck my ass, I want you to cum in my ass!" He said.

"Where is my cock?" I asked.

"In my asshole, so deep in my asshole," he replied.

I slowly pulled out, slowly. Literally a centimeter at a time, until just the head was in him. I then slowly began to push back in, just as slowly as I had pulled out. I repeated his over and over. I fucked his tight hole in this fashion for more than twenty minutes. 

"Oh my! Oh my! Please sir, please sir, fuck me harder, harder!" he begged every few minutes. I continued to fuck him slowly, as slowly as I could.

After another ten minutes or so, cum began to ooze from Allen's cock. He groaned, "I'm cumming sir, I didn't touch my cock, but I'm cumming!"

I took several pictures and videos while I slowly fucked his tight ass. Soon, I knew I wouldn't last much longer. I picked up my pace, slamming my cock in as hard as I could and swiftly pulling back out.

"I'm cumming!" I yelled as I pushed as deep as I could and unleashed my cum deep into his bowels. I kept my cock there and let it pulse the cum in. Once I had finished, I slowly pulled out.

"Allen, squat down and push my cum out," I ordered.

Allen squatted down on the pool deck, and pushed, seconds later I was rewarded with a stream of cum pouring from his ass...all caught on my phone, a video I knew I would be sharing with his mom soon.

We went back in the house, his raging hard cock bobbing in front of him, darker red than before, eventhough he'd had a small orgasm while I fucked him.

"Allen, tell me a fantasy of yours, something that you would really like to do." I said.

He smiled and then said, "Well, I have always wanted to go to one of those video stores with the gloryholes. I've read all about them and watched tons of videos of guys taking cocks through the holes," he turned red, "I want to be the one taking cocks."

I grinned, "Okay, then get dressed and we'll go."