 This one starts a bit slow, but stick with it!

*****

I had just moved into a new neighborhood after divorcing my wife of 15 years. It was a nice area, very large backyards that were mostly surrounded by tall fences. The house I moved into had a very nice backyard with a pool, pool cabana and an 8 foot fence, and it was in the rounded end of the cul de sac so it was very, very private back there. I'm now 38, still pretty good looking and in decent shape. If you haven't read my stories before, I have an eight inch cock that is thick and curves downward like a banana. I love sex with both women and men and always have. I go through phases of only fucking guys and phases of only fucking women, and then sometimes, I just fuck whatever comes along. Generally, I practice safe sex as we all should. However, if I know a lot about the other person, then I often forgo the condom or the 'pullout'.

Anyway, the furniture was being delivered and the place was a madhouse. I noticed that my neighbor to the left seemed to be in her late forties, nice looking and smiled every time I looked her way. She was working in her flower beds, a BMW in the driveway and a kids bike on the porch. The neighbor on the right had not shown themselves, though there was a nice TransAm parked on the street with a local university parking sticker and several window decals of the same school.

I was showing the movers where to put a few things when the doorbell rang. There was a young man standing there in the open doorway, probably 19 or so, he was in nice, stylish shorts that looked to be a size too small, a t-shirt that was too big and flipflops. He had reddish blonde hair, was about six foot tall and about 160 pounds, he had a slight tan, which for early May was pretty good.

"Can I help you," I asked.

He smiled, "Yes sir, I'm Allen, and I live right over there," he said pointing to the house with the Trans Am. "And I wanted to offer my lawn and pool services to you," he added.

I smiled back, walked over and shook his hand as he continued his introduction. I replied, "I'm Jason, and it is nice to meet you Allen. To be honest, I haven't even given those things much thought yet."

"I used to take care of everything here for the Williams before they moved," he said.

"Okay, so how much will this set me back, monthly I assume?"

He grinned, "Yes sir, monthly, unless of course you prefer I come over weekly. If monthly it is just $200, weekly I'd probably have to ask at least $75." He then smiled again and said, "of course I'm open to negotiations."

"Come on in and have a Coke, let's get out of the way of the movers." I said.

He followed me to the kitchen and sat at the bar as I got us two Cokes. Handing him one he smiled and thanked me.

The way he was sitting, I could tell that he wasn't wearing any underwear, as I could see the outline of his cockhead pressed against the thin material of the shorts. Naturally, having been without pussy for several months and without a cute ass even longer, I stiffened a little in my own shorts.

He told me he was a freshman at the local university, he was 19 and had lived here all of his life. I told him of my situation and then asked if he had a girlfriend. He nodded, told me had been with the same girl for years. He blushed a little as he talked about her, not sure why.

The movers needed something, so I excused myself and told him to go to the backyard and let me know what he would charge to get the yard and the pool ready by the weekend.

After a few minutes, I walked outside, "well, what do you think?"

"The yard doesn't need much, but the pool probably needs a scrubbing on the bottom and sides and the chemicals updated. If you have the stuff I'll just use yours, if not I can pick it up and just invoice you for the actual costs," he said, adding, "probably $150 to get the yard mowed and the pool deep cleaned."

I looked at the pool, looked at him and said, "Tell you what, get the chemicals you need for a couple of months, everything you need to get the pool ready and I'll give you $200 plus 10% over the cost of the materials, when can you start?"

His eyes got wide and he smiled, "Wow! I can start tomorrow, pick up everything we need today."

We shook hands, agreed to the deal, then he left. As he jogged back to his house, I couldn't help but watch his bouncing butt in those tight shorts.

The next morning, I woke up early and was surprised as I looked out into the back yard from my upstairs window, there was Allen, in a very small light green speedo swimsuit and goggles, about to get into the pool.

I walked out into the backyard in my boxers and a t-shirt, and said, "Good morning!" He jumped, as it was obvious I had startled him!

"OH Wow! I had no idea you were here! I thought you weren't moved in all the way, and I just wanted to get a jump on this before it got hot, and..."

I stopped him and said, "It's okay, really, no problem. Go ahead and get started, I'm going to make some breakfast. Are you hungry?"

"No, I had a donut before coming over," he replied, smiling.

"Nonsense, that isn't breakfast. Bacon and eggs coming up," I said, turning and walking back inside.

I watched him walking in the shallow end, the speedo was easily a size too small. He had a decent bulge in the front and from the back his butt cheeks were barely contained in the stretched suit.

I cooked a quick breakfast, staring out the window when I could, watching him work in that tight suit. My own cock was beyond half staff and threatened to poke through the boxer opening. I adjusted myself and then stepped into the back porch, calling to Allen to come in.

He climbed out of the pool, grabbed a towel and dried himself off, though the suit wasn't wet yet, I was disappointed to see him wrap the towel around his waist before coming in.

"Wow," he said, "you really didn't have to make me breakfast, looks great though."

"My pleasure, besides you look like you need a meal!" I laughed.

"Haha, everyone says that." he laughed.

"You can lose the towel if you want, since your suit isn't wet yet," I said in a nonchalant tone.

He tossed the towel aside and sat down at the table, I sat at the head of the table, next to him, making sure my leg lightly brushed his as I sat down. He didn't jerk his leg away, so I started to think of my next move.

We ate, talked about his classes, what he likes to do in his off time, what is parents do, just casual talk. I let my leg brush his again under the table, and left it resting against his. He still didn't move his leg away, I think he actually pressed it closer to me.

"So, I have to ask," I started, "why the extra tight speedo?"

He almost choked on his juice, "Haha, well, I was on the swim team for two years in school and this was the team suit. I've gained a little weight since then, and well, it's a little tight now." He then smiled and said, "I normally wear swim trunks, but I didn't think you were here and, well, I really like how it fits."

I smiled and leaned closer to him, and said, "I kind of like how it fits on you to."

He blushed and slid his leg away finally, saying, "Well, thanks, I, I, guess I should get out there and get back to work."

He stood up and I could clearly see his cock was fully erect and dripping precum by the size of the stain on the front of his speedo.

"Or, you could get to work on this instead," I said, standing and letting my boxers drop to the floor, my fully erect cock standing straight out in front of me.

His eyes went wide as he stared at my erection, his own seemed to grow even harder.

He started shaking his head and then said, "I, I, I wouldn't have a clue what to do with that, I'm not gay sir."

I stepped closer to him, now only about two feet away and said, "Well, your cock certainly likes what you are looking at, I mean, it is so hard it is about to rip open your speedo."

He looked down at his cock, and then placed his hands over it, attempting to hide it.

"It's okay, if you really don't want to mess around, I'll let you get back out to the pool," I said, stepping closer, now only a foot or so away from him.

He nodded and said, "Yes sir, I think it would be best if I went back to the pool and got to work."

I reached for his hand and pulled it over to me, placing it on my cock, He instinctively wrapped his hand around it and didn't try to pull away.

I smiled, "Are you sure you don't want to stay in here for a bit longer?" He didn't reply, but he squeezed my cock harder and slowly pumped it back and forth.

He then looked at me and said, "I'm really not gay, I mean, I obviously am turned on, but I'm always turned on." He smiled and then said, "I, I really don't know what to do."

I stepped closer, grasped the bottom of his t-shirt and pulled it over his head, tossing it on the seat next to him. His small, pink nipples were hard and sticking straight out, his chest was hairless and smooth. I then slid my hands behind him and slipped them into his speedo and slowly eased it down. His breathing increased, but he didn't let go of my cock. Once the speedo was past his bubble butt, I said, "kick them off."

He let go of my cock and slipped them the rest of the way down and off of his bare feet. His cock was sticking straight out as well. It was slender, pink and rock hard. It was easily six or seven inches, his pubic hair was thin and lighter red than that on his head. I wrapped my hand around it and pulled him with me into the living room.

Once there I sat him on the couch then pushed his legs apart and stepped up between them.

I placed one hand on my cock and one on the back of his head, then I said, "Lean forward, and open your mouth."

He did as instructed and soon had about three inches of my cock in his mouth. Both of his hands reached around behind me as he grabbed my ass. He moaned as I moved forward slightly, pushing a bit more of my cock into his warm mouth.

He began to suck and slide his mouth back and forth on my cock. His own cock was dripping a constant stream of precum.

"Oh, Allen, that's great!" I moaned, "keep sucking me, you like that don't you?"

He nodded and moaned a yes through his closed mouth. He kept sucking and bobbing his head up and down. This went on for at least ten minutes before I finally pulled my cock from his cute mouth.

"What's wrong?" He asked, "was I doing it wrong?"

"No," I said, smiling, "you were about to make me cum and I'm not ready to cum yet."

I knelt down between his legs and took his very wet cock into my mouth. I was able to swallow him down to his light pubs. He gasped as I did and leaned back on the couch, moaning loudly.

"Oh sir, I can't last long, I'm going to cum!" He exclaimed.

He wasn't kidding, he started cumming almost instantly, filling my mouth with shot after shot of him warm spunk. He tasted sweet, and good, not like most cum.

Once he was finished, I held his cum in my mouth and pulled him forward and kissed him. At first he didn't open his mouth, but I was persistent and he finally opened his mouth and I used my tongue to shove his cum into his mouth. He swallowed quickly and kept swallowing and swirling his tongue into my mouth until all of his cum was gone.

I stood back up and lifted him up to, turning him around, his knees at the edge of the couch. I spread his cheeks and licked his tiny pink hole, as he moaned in pleasure at my rimming and tonguing.

He looked over his shoulder and said, "I'm really a virgin, so if you fuck me, do it slowly, your dick is huge and I don't want it to hurt."

I smiled at him, and slipped my finger into his tight hole. It was extremely tight and he clinched his cheeks hard, preventing my from getting more than an inch inside him.

"You have to relax, let me slowly finger you. You have fingered your girlfriend right, you know how good this will fill, just relax." I instructed.

"Okay, I'll try, I really will, I really want this, I really do," he said and I felt his ass relax a little. I could tell though that my saliva wasn't going to be enough. I got up and went to the kitchen and came back with canola oil, I poured a little onto his butt and onto my hand. I then smeared it around slowly slid my finger back in.

This time he gave no resistance and soon I was pumping my finger in and out of his butthole and I could feel him relaxing more.

I slipped a second finger in and felt some resistance, but soon the resistance was gone and a third finger eased into him. He was groaning and moaning as I now pumped three fingers in and out of his cute bubbled bottom.

I stood up and smeared the oil on my raging hard on. I eased the fingers out of him and quickly replaced them with the head of my cock, easing slowing into him. He groaned louder and I felt him tighten up.

"Relax Allen, relax, just take a deep breath and let me inside you," I instructed.

He moaned, and replied, "Yes sir, I'm trying, I really want this, I really want you to do thissss...aaahhhhggggg!"

I had pushed forward, now more than half of my cock was inside him and I kept pushing, regardless of his tightening anus. I was at the point of not being able to stop.

"OOHHHH SIRRR! IT HURTS!" he yelled, his hands now spreading his cheeks wide, "PLEASE! PLEASE! I CAN'T! IT HURTS TOO MUCH! PLEASE!!" He continued to yell.

I stopped pushing and just sat there, my bare pubic area pushed snug up against his white ass, fully embedded inside him.

His breathing began to relax, and I felt his anus relax and the tightness against my cock began to ease.

"I'm all the way in, let me know when you are ready for more."

He nodded and said, "I'm ready, I'm ready, do it."

I slowly pulled about half way out and slowly slid back in. He was the tightest I had ever experienced, tighter than any woman or any man. I knew I would not last long at all with his vice like grip on my cock.

I picked up my pace, making long, full length strokes of my cock in and out of his tiny butt.

"Oh! Sir! OH! That feels amazing!" He said, breathing hard, almost panting.

I continued to pump my cock harder and faster into him, he moaned and groaned with each pump of my cock.

I felt my cum beginning to boil and knew I would be cumming any minute! I picked up the pace, pumping as hard and fast as I could. As I felt myself begin to cum, I pulled my cock from his ass, there was an audible 'pop' as I freed myself from his incredibly tight hole. I began spraying my cum on his ass and all over his back. It was a huge load and and felt like I shot a gallon on him.

"Wow, Allen, that was amazing!" I said, smearing the cum with both hands around his cheeks and back as he started to stand up.

He turned to me, his cock already hard again, and through deep breathing, he replied, "It was, I mean, I've always wanted to try it, I never knew it could be that, that, incredible."

He went on, "it really hurt, but once the pain was gone, I never felt anything like that in my life. I guess I am gay!"

I laughed, and replied, "I am sorry that it hurt, it usually does, especially if you are a virgin." I then added, "but this doesn't necessarily mean you are gay. I'm bisexual, I love fucking women and fucking guys, so you might be bi."

He looked puzzled, and said, "Never thought of that. I do like girls and made out like crazy with my girlfriend last night. She's a virgin too, or I guess, she's a virgin and we haven't had sex, just feel each other up through our clothes, but my dick has never been as hard as it was when you dropped your boxers." He took a breath and went on, "I've always gotten hard around guys, especially on the swim team and I jerked off a few times with guys, though we never touched each other."

"Sounds like you might be bisexual," I said, then added, "it really doesn't matter. You can enjoy sex with both sexes and that's the best thing ever!"

He nodded, "yeah, I guess it doesn't matter at all. I mean, I had an amazing time just now, and honestly, I want to do it again and I still want to mess with my girl too."

I smiled, "come on, let's shower," I said.

"Together?" he asked.

"Absolutely," I replied, "we need to get all that cum off your back and butt."

We then headed to the shower in my upstairs bedroom.