 Sweet Thomas...

One of my best friends Tom came to visit me after having many issues with his fat mean wife. Tom and I went to High School together in California and have remained the best of friends ever since. He moved to Utah after getting hitched to his wife 10 years ago. I visited him about 5 years ago, for a week of snowboarding and partying. We had fun but he seemed unhappy even then. That was the last time I saw him or her in person.

Tom is very athletic and a great looking guy. His wife let herself go and now is a whopping 220 pounds or more according to Tom. They don't look right together, she's unattractive and Tom is a hunk. Tom tries to hang in there because they have 2 young children together. He loves his kids more than anything in this world. That's why endures such a shitty marriage. I feel very bad for the guy.

According to Tom they have not had sex in over 2 years and poor Tom is trying to hit it. I haven't seen her in years but the recent pic's I've seen are anything but flattering. She was always phony nice with me and I never really liked her. Tom needed a break from her, the kids and Utah.

I insisted Tom come for a visit to get away from her before Christmas. Tom was reluctant but I promised to cover all expenses to help him out. He agreed and drove down in his old Ford truck. He stopped in Vegas for the night on the way down and had some fun lurking around the strip.

Tom arrived at my place the next day in the late afternoon on Sunday December 9th. We immediately hugged with all our strength for a long time. It was great to see him and he looked terrific for a man on the verge of divorce. He looked well rested and ready for some fun.

"Tom, it's so awesome to see you! How was the trip down?" I asked with all my concern.

"It' was fine, so nice to be back in warm, sunny California." He said with a huge smile.

I welcomed him in and helped him get set up in my spare room. He wanted to freshen up and take a shower so I insisted he take a long hot shower. We had all week to chill. I heard the water running for a while then heard Tom call out.

"Hey Jon, the hot water doesn't seem to be working!" 

I went to see what was happening and entered the bathroom. Tom was standing there nude, his cute butt on display. I showed him how to manipulate the hot water and noticed his nice long cock for the 1st time. He wasn't shy and I guess it was because we were old friends and he didn't know I was now gay. 

"Oh thanks Jon, I'll be out in a while." He said as he stepped in the shower. 

I loved his smooth ass and my heart jumped a beat as I checked out his sexy curves. I wanted to get in the shower with him but left him to enjoy the hot water. I was suddenly very attracted to Tom, even though I had a pretty hot boyfriend. Tom had a nicer ass and bigger cock. I decided to try my best to turn Tom into my new male sex toy.

When I heard the shower shut off, I snuck back to take a peek at Tom again. I had music playing loud so he wouldn't hear me checking him out. He was drying off his hot body with the bedroom door cracked open. My cock grew hard as he bent over and to dry his legs exposing his tight virgin bubble butt. He had the hottest ass I've ever seen. I wanted to massage and fuck it so badly.

I tapped on the door. 

"Come in." Tom said. 

"Hey Tom, I think I need a shower as well." I said as I stepped in. 

Tom was parading around in the nude, with no concern of his nudity. 

"Go for it, I feel great already." He stated with a smile. 

"Tom I don't mean to be forward, but you look really hot!"

"Don't mess with me Jon, I'm so horny right now, I might just do anything." He said in a joking manner. 

With that comment I started undressing right in front of him as he looked through his underwear. He glanced over and saw my semi hard cock as I dropped my underwear. 

"Care to join me?" I asked boldly.

Tom blushed and stood frozen for a second, he realized this was for real and not a tease. 

"Uh sure, I'll join you a minute." He said with a little enthusiasm. 

"Ok, great. I said as I left his room.

I fired up the shower and jumped in. I washed myself, eagerly anticipating his arrival. Tom joined me after a few minutes. He stepped in and we shared the hot water. Then I began to wash his back and shoulders. He didn't resist, so I began to wash his sexy ass. 

Tom was enjoying this as far as I could tell. When I reached for his cock and discovered it was rock hard, I knew he was enjoying my touch. Tom began to reciprocate and wash my body all over. Paying close attention to my ass and cock as he finished. 

When we finished teasing each other to death, we stepped out and dried each other off. Game on! I knew I had him and we began to kiss and grind our big hard cocks together. It was so erotic and sexy. 

"Jon, have you ever done this?" He asked with glazed eyes.

"Yes, I am bi now." I said as we continued to kiss and heat up the room. 

"I never have but always wanted to try this." He said boldly. 

"What do you want to try?" I asked, ready to do anything to please him. 

"I don't care, I just want to have sex. It's been so long since anyone has wanted me like this." He said as if pleading for my cock. 

To my surprise, Tom went down on me. He began to give me a wonderful blow job. He was very enthusiastic and seemed lost in lust for my big hard cock. For a first timer he did a great blowing me. Seeing him bobbing up and down on my cock had my balls boiling. He cupped my balls and sucked and stroked my cock faster and faster.

Soon I was holding back my impending orgasm. I fought hard to hold off and enjoy Tom's work. I warned him before I exploded.

"Tom, I can't hold back any longer." I said as my legs began to shake.

Tom ignored my plea and then I erupted with a huge full load in his warm waiting mouth. Tom sucked me clean and came up for a kiss. We shared my cum and held each other tight. What a reunion, I was in bliss for a few moments with Tom.

"Tom I had no idea we'd end up like this!" I said as we broke our embrace.

"I can't believe we just did that. It was awesome!" He said with a huge grin. 

"I am so glad you're here!" I said back.

"I bet you are." He said. 

"Do you feel like a few drinks? I bought a bunch of alcohol, beer and I even got some killer weed." 

"Sure a beer or 10 would be terrific!" He said, as we laughed. 

We got dressed and met each other in the kitchen a short time later. We drank, joked and had a really fun time. After a while I was getting real horny again, just thinking of his hot ass.

"Tom I bet you'd look great in a male thong. Want to try one of mine on?" I asked nicely.

"Sure, I would love to tease you." He said.

He followed me into my bedroom and I tossed him a sexy, stretchy red thong. He removed his pants and underwear and pulled them on. 

"Dam you look Hot Tommy!" 

I approached him and we began to kiss and I felt his nice smooth ass. Then I heard the door bell ring. I forgot I invited my boyfriend Rich over. 

"Who do you think that is?" Tom asked sounding a bit nervous. 

"It must be Rich, I forgot he was coming over."

"Who is Rich?" He asked, with concern.

"He's my boyfriend." I stated with a smile. "Wait here."

Tom sat on the bed and I went to see if it was really Rich. I opened the door and welcomed Rich inside. 

"Hey Richard, nice to see you." I said as we kissed and hugged.

"Hey Jon, I see the truck with Utah plates. Where is your buddy Tom."

"Come on back, he's in my bedroom."

We walked back to my bedroom and Tom was sitting on the bed in my thong.

"Hey Tom, meet my good friend and lover Rich." 

"Hi Tom, nice to finally meet you!" Rich said as he stepped over to Tom. Tom stood up in his thong and tee shirt and they hugged. 

"Nice to meet you Rich." Tom said with a huge smile. I think there was an instant attraction between them. 

I joined in and we all hugged, then I kissed Tom. Then Rich kissed Tom. I started pulling off Rich's shirt and Tom went for his pants. Soon clothes were flying and we were all nude. Except for Tom was still wearing the sexy thong. 

Tom got on his knees and began to blow Rich. I got behind Tom and began to play with his sexy ass. I started grinding my granite hard cock all over his ass. Tom didn't resist, in fact he began to really get into it. Pushing back against my cock as he blew Rich. I removed the sexy thong and began to massage his ass crack and hole. 

I grabbed some lube as Tom continued to please Rich and I got him ready for intercourse. I worked in a few fingers and soon had him ready for the real thing. As I intruded his tight ass with my big hard cock, Tom stopped blowing Rich for a minute. I penetrated his sexy tight ass with care and lust. Making it feel nice for him.

Soon we were all going at it again. Tom blowing Rich, me pounding Tom's tight virgin ass. The sounds and smell of sex was in the air. 3 hot guys getting off together for the first time. It was the most erotic moment of my life. My first gay threesome, it was so mind bending. The passion was growing fast. 3 men going at it with complete lust for one another. 

It was unbelievable, like being in a very sexual dream. From the sounds we were making it was obvious we would all be cuming soon. I began to stroke Tom's cock as I made love to his cute ass. Rich began to grunt, Tom began to shoot in my hand and on the floor. I couldn't take much more and began to erupt into Tom's tight ass. All of us began to cum together and it was so sexually satisfying. Our bodies clenched and shook and orgasmed like never before. It was sexual heaven on earth. Cum was going everywhere. In Tom's butt, on the floor and in Tom's mouth. We were smeared with cum!

We all had very strong orgasms and collapsed together on my king bed. We fondled and kissed and played around in my bed for hours. We kept Tom between us and enjoyed sharing his body. We washed him and shaved him and made him our bitch. We ended up taking turns fucking Tommy all week long. It was a male orgy for days and days. 

Tom loved experimenting with different sexual positions and everything else we could think of. He became our cum slut. He loved being fucked, sucking cock and being dominated by us. He always cleaned up all visible cum with his tongue and stuck his ass out. We made him dress up like a girl, in a dress and lipstick. He wore a padded bra and sexy panties too. He talked like a girl and I got him some more dresses and girly stuff, which he loved. 

Since he was so good to us, I came up with a great reward for Tommy boy. We let him fuck us side by side bareback, he went back and forth between us fucking our ass's. It was incredible, he had the time of his life. After he fucked us an shot his load on us, we jerked off on his face and hair, he loved that very much. The more we treated him like our little bitch, the more he seemed to enjoy himself. I never knew he had this naughty side to him. We all had so much fun!

Tom had the time of his life. After 5 days of uninhibited nasty hot sex, he left for home. He was so upset and sad the day he left, he was almost crying. He called to let me know he made it home safely very late that night. He drove the 720 miles in one swoop. He is obsessed with coming back soon. Rich and I will welcome him back with open arms. He's our little sex toy and loves being told what to do. Anything we can imagine he wants to do for us. He plans on visiting us as much possible, till he gets a boy toy up there for himself. 

Since our threesome encounter, Rich and myself are actively seeking another boy toy or two. The more the merrier, as long as nobody gets hurt. Were planning a big orgy for Tom in February. It will be a Valentines Day he will never forget. 4 cocks to deal with, shooting cum all over him. Pounding his ass relentlessly and too much cum for him to swallow. 

Wish we had a few more hot guys to join our party this Valentines Day! 

I plan to video tape some of the action. Should be a fuck fest for all. I feel sorry for Tom's ass. He will definitely take a lot of pounding and loads up his ass. I want him to be so full of cum, he shoots out a quart or two.

This will be the best Valentines Day ever!

Happy Holidays to all.

Be safe!! 

Thank you for the sexy comments!

Bogey4U ;)