 Allen came downstairs from taking his shower, he was naked and reached for his shorts.

"Wait," I said, "You won't be wearing those."

I beckoned him over to me, I placed a cock ring around his cock and balls, snapped it into place. 

"I love these!" He said, as I stroked his hard cock.

I then handed him a t-shirt, plain, black, with no logos or emblems. He slipped it on. I then handed him a black skirt, yes skirt!

"Uhh...you want me to wear a skirt?" He asked.

"Yes, but I'm not cross dressing you, just trust me, this will make it easier for us to play later."

He took the skirt and slipped it up his legs. The skirt was elastic and fit snug around his waist. It was very short, barely covering his butt, and with his erection, the front wasn't hiding much of anything.

"Now, that looks pretty hot," I said, "turn for me and lift the skirt as you do."

He did, stopping with his back to me, the skirt exposing his very cute, white butt.

"Perfect, now bend over," I ordered. He did as I said and I took a lubed, metallic butt plug and inserted it into his ass. He groaned as it entered him. The hot pink jeweled end was held in place by his butt cheeks.

"Oh man, I don't know, with the cock ring and the plug, I might cum really soon!" He said, standing and rubbing his naked butt cheeks, massaging them together.

"If you cum now, that's okay, you'll just have to lick it up."

We both smiled. I led us out to the garage and we headed to an adult video store that was about an hour away. While Allen was cleaning up, I posted an ad on CL with a picture of him sucking my cock. It was from above, so you really couldn't see his face. It was a simple ad, 'Wanna get sucked by a twink college boy? Be at the AVS on Winslow at 5'. 

We went through a drive thru to get something to eat and drink for the long ride there. Allen was bit nervous, wearing the skirt which you could plainly see across the car from their service window.

Once the girl handed us our food, she leaned down low and said, smiling, "That's a really cute skirt, I have one just like it."

I lifted the skirt so she could see his cock, the erection had subsided some, but he was still semi-hard. 

When she saw what was under the skirt, her eyes went wide and she smiled even bigger and said, "You should come back again real soon, I'm sure we could have fun with that!" She then stood back up and said, "Thanks again, have a great day and come back soon!"

"Wow, I think she wanted you!" I said.

Allen was blushing and replied, "I know, that was kinda weird I mean with me in a skirt and all."

"Gotta love kinky girls my friend, she would probably do anything you wanted her to do."

He nodded, "yeah, probably more so than Wendy, she's not kinky at all!"

We both laughed and headed out. After he finished his burger, I slid my shorts down and told him to suck me. He got into the seat, his ass in the air, leaning over and taking my cock into his mouth.

As he sucked, I made sure to pass several cars that could easily see into our car and see his naked ass, skirt around his hips and the pink jewel of the butt plug. Several trucks sped up to get a better look and even blew their horns.

Just before we arrived at the AVS, I came down Allen's hot throat. He swallowed every drop and kept sucking until I had parked the car. There were only about five cars in the lot, but was still early and this place didn't get really busy until around 8 in the evening, it was only a little past six.

Allen sat up, wiping his mouth on the back of his hand, smiling he said, "Man, I love your cum, I could drink it like that all night long."

I grinned, then said, "Okay, here are a few rules. No one will fuck you, unless you want them to and then only with a condom." He nodded and I went on, "You will suck cocks from two sides, we'll be in room Five, there is a hole on each side. The holes are big enough for an ass to come through, that's why I said if you want to get fucked, you can." Again, he nodded, "Once we go in, I want you to walk around the store, especially into the gay/bi area, there's a big sign hanging there so you can't miss it. If there are guys over there, I want you to lift your skirt and show them your cock and then turn and show them your ass." Again, Allen nodded, his cock back at full size now.

I went on, "Once you think you have had enough, we can stop, just tell me. There may only be a few guys, there could be a few dozen." Again, he nodded.

"Okay, let's go," I said. We got out of the car, the light breeze lifted his skirt, showing his naked, white ass. The front of his skirt stuck out due to his erection.

After we got inside, I stopped at the counter and spoke with the girl working the desk. I explained what we were going to be doing and told her to direct anyone that came in to the booths on either side of booth five. She agreed, then she looked Allen up and down.

She was cute, with purple hair, a nose ring, nice titties in a fishnet top and black bra. Her skirt was very short, almost as short at the one I'd made Allen wear, and she had black fishnet stockings on, with black tennis shoes.

She smiled at Allen and asked, "Do you do girls too?"

He smiled back and said, "Of course, I'd be happy to do you."

She smiled and asked, "Full service?" He looked puzzled by the question, then she added, "You know, fuck my pussy. eat me to orgasm?"

He grinned really big now and nodded, "absolutely!"

He then walked off to the gay bi section, I could see there were three people over in that area, two men and one woman. They all looked to be in their forties. Allen did as he was told, flipping his skirt up, showing the couple his ass and cock first, then moving to the single guy.

I went on back to room five and waited. The rooms here were clean, not skanky like so many of these places. There was a nice padded bench and a chair in the room.

After a few minutes, Allen knocked and I let him in.

"Well, are the coming?" I asked.

"Yes, all of them! Even the lady, she wants to watch and maybe join us! How cool!!"

"Awesome, now get naked."

He stripped off the skirt and the t-shirt, his cock was fully erect and dark purple from having been erect for so long with the cock ring securely in place. I had him bend over and I pulled the butt plug from his tight hole, he groaned as it left him.

"I am so horny, I need to cum so bad," he said, stroking his swollen cock. I pushed his hand away.

"Not yet," I said, "After you have had a few cocks, we'll see."

I replaced the small buttplug with a larger plug, one that forced the sides of his asshole open wide. He groaned as I pushed it in and pulled it out again, slowly fucking his ass with the plug. After a few minutes, I left it embedded in his butt.

About that time, light shown through the hole from the door on the right. minutes later a hard cock came through the hole. It was about 7" long, and thick like a beer can. Allen eagerly took the cock into his hand and began licking it, there were moans from the other side as Allen slipped the head into his mouth.

Allen has become an excellent cock sucker and easily worked the cock into his mouth and soon worked into a rhythm of taking more than two-thirds of the thick cock into his mouth and bobbing up and down on it.

I heard the guy grunt and then heard Allen moan and could see his cheeks filling with cum. He began swallowing, and swallowing fast, but cum leaked out of both sides of his mouth and ran down his cheeks, dripping onto the floor.

The cock withdrew to the other side of the wall as Allen collected himself, looking up at me with cum dripping from his mouth, he smiled, "That was awesome! That dude came like a gallon!"

"You liked that big load didn't you?" I asked.

He nodded, "yes, that was so fucking hot."

We heard the door open and close.

A few minutes later, the door on the other side opened and after rustling of jeans, a nice slender cock came through the hole. It was at least seven inches long, thin and hairless.

Allen needed no direction, he quickly slid his mouth over the cock, swallowing it hole! I began to bob back and forth, sucking and slurping on the thin dick. Within just a few minutes, the guy moaned and I could see Allen swallowing, the guy pulled back, the last shot of cum landing on Allen's face. We heard him zip up quickly and leave.

About the time that door closed, the one on the other side opened and closed again. After a few minutes, a huge cock came through the hole. It had to be nine inches long and was as thick as a beer can. Allen immediately began licking and sucking the head while pumping it with his hand.

I heard the door on the other side open and close and then heard a woman telling a man to strip and put his cock in the hole. Seconds later a nice, average size cock came through the hole. It was average in length and in width. It appeared to be clean shaven as well and was purple in color, obviously needing relief.

I heard Allen moan as the thick cock exploded into his mouth. He swallowed several times, then just opened his mouth and let the cum continue to explode into and onto his mouth. There were at least four or five spurts of cum that shot out on his face. It was awesome to see his face covered in cream. Once the cock withdrew, Allen spun on his knees and took the purple, swollen cock into his mouth, not bothering to clean the cum from his face, chin and chest. 

The new cock came almost instantly, pumping a heavy load into him mouth. He swallowed shot after shot. Once done, he continued to suck the cock until it dropped from his mouth and the guy stepped away from the hole. A moment later, the woman pushed her trim ass through the hole and asked for Allen to lick it. He licked her ass up and down, working his tongue into her butthole. She moaned and groaned as he tongue fucked her. 

She was rubbing her pussy while Allen ate her ass and soon she came with a load moan. She stood and stepped away from the hole. We heard them dress and leave.

Allen, cum drying on his face and chest, said, "Wow, that huge cock was awesome! Did you see how much he came!"

"I did!" I replied, "You seem like you are loving these cocks, want to stay longer?" I asked.

He nodded, "Yes, I want a few more, if that is okay with you."

"It's fine with me," I said as the door on the right opened and closed. I leaned down, kissed him on the lips and whispered, "suck as many cocks as you want, but I'm the only one that gets to fuck you."

He smiled and nodded, then took the cock into his mouth that was sticking through the hole on the right. The door on the left opened and closed and soon another cock came through.

This went on for almost three hours. Allen sucked sixteen cocks and licked one woman's ass. It had been thirty minutes or so and no new cocks had come in. I had Allen get dress, cum dried on his face, his hair, chest, crotch, literally all over his body.

We headed out of the room and found that there was no one in the store, except the young clerk. She smiled and said, "Wow, you were a little cum slut tonight!"

He grinned and nodded, "I think I had sixteen cocks!"

"That's great! I have only sucked ten before, so you have the record!" she said.

I thanked her and we headed to the car. Once in the car, I had him strip, lean over and take my erect cock into his horny mouth. He sucked me off for more than thirty minutes of our drive, as I would stop him before letting me cum. Once we pulled into the garage, I bent him over the hood of the car, pulled the buttplug from his ass and slid my erection into him. Within ten strokes, I came, filling his tight hole with my heavy load.

We then went into the house and headed to the shower.

I had now trained Allen to be a complete cum whore. Even after sixteen loads of cum, he was ready for me as he sucked me back to full size in the shower and then road my cock until we both came together. My load shooting into his tight ass, while his shot all over my chest.

We kissed and smeared his load between us, he whispered to me, "I love your cock the most."

We dozed off after that...