 Weeks have passed. Our sex life has been hot since that night I took your cherry. Just the pierced nipples fascinated you for days and days. You keep whispering how exciting it was when I invaded your ass. You still love that crystal dildo, but now seem to want more. 

You come home to find the house empty. Not unusual, I work late some nights. You find the note in the usual place, but it is not the usual note. As you read, you can feel your cock swelling.

"I will be home within the hour. Please get ready. Your favorite silk boxers are on the bed, and candles are laid out. The tub is filled and hot, just as you will be later - filled and hot. Love you."

You quickly light the candles and notice a new scent. Strangely arousing. Soaking in the hot bath relaxes your muscles and soothes away the stress of the day, and has you clean and fresh for what ever I have planned for you. Odd, the water seems to have the same scent as the candles, arousing. It seems to be working its charms on you. I have not yet walked in the door and you are longing to sink into my depths.

You hear the door and quickly dry off, slipping on the boxers I left out. I quietly enter the room while your back is turned and say "hello lover". As you turn, I slip my coat off my shoulders and toss it to the chair. You are amazed that I have no street clothes on. Only a demi bra, garter and hose, my nipples completely exposed and your favorite rings thru them. You take me in your arms and growl lustily as you kiss me. Oh, no I tell you - tonight I do the driving. Your cock swells almost instantly. Last time I said that I took your cherry.

You lead me to the bed and bounce to the middle saying I should do with you as I will - that you are mine. I giggle and bounce over next to you, leaving a small bag on the nightstand. Careful lover I caution, that may lead to many things you never considered.

You reach up and tease my rings and nipples, watching them harden and lengthen. Even after all this time, the response is almost instant. I bend and lavish my tongue on your nipples, then begin to bite and suck hard on them making them just as hard as mine. You moan and wish aloud that it were as fast and obviously as stimulating as my pierced ones now are. Your wish is my command. Sitting on your belly to prevent your escape, I take from the bag a piercing gun borrowed from the jewelry store a friend works at, alcohol, and rubber tipped forceps. Your eyes go wide.

As I prepare your nipples, you look anxiously from my pierced nipples to the needle in the piercing gun. It looks huge and painful to you. You grip the headboard tightly as I grip your left nipple in the forceps, stretching. Before you have time to reconsider I have the gun in my hand and pull the trigger. The jolt of pain as the spring-loaded needle passes thru your nipple is excruciating and you cry out. I gently insert the ring and ask if you want to stop at just the one. No? If I can brave out the second you can? Ok, it is your call. You begin to sweat as I prep the right nipple - gripping it tighter in the forceps as you try to sink into the mattress. You moan, half in pain and half in pleasure. Your cock is hard as a rock. I caution you to take a deep breath and as you let it out, I pull the trigger. Your cock explodes as you scream. As I had told you - exquisite pain.

I make you lick your cum from my back. You roll it on your tongue and comment the taste is not all that bad. You wonder why girls resist sucking cock so much if it feels so good for him and tastes this good to her. I file that little bit if info away for another day.

We kiss and bite and slap and tickle for what seems like hours, letting your nipples rest then going back to check the "instant hard" buttons as you called them. The slightest tug makes us both hard as hell now and instantly horny. I will have to get us a little gold chain to connect us when we make love - the constant tugging will drive us both insane.

Finally, you utter the words I have been waiting for. You beg me to let you cum. That you will do anything if I give you the orgasm you need so badly.

Your shorts were discarded long ago. I slowly move over your naked body, and you shiver as the silk stockings rub along your torso. Hovering over you, I finally start to sink down onto your cock. Slowly. Torturously slowly. You did not know anyone could move so slowly while making love. What should take seconds takes minutes before you feel my cervix, before my clit impacts your pubic bone. It feels like hours to you.

With your body pressed to mine, your cock held deep in my pussy I whisper, "Anything baby? Even share me?

Your eyes get very wide. You look a bit frightened, almost as if I had suggested more piercing. Slowly you nod your head and whisper "God help me. Yessssssssssss. The last word coming out in a half terrified hiss.

I know the crystal dildo is not satisfying your bi curiosity any longer but I am sure this will. As you begin to move slowly in me thinking about the day I may bring someone home to join us - you realize I already have. At your hiss of agreement, he enters the room and begins caressing my ass, kissing and licking, making it ready....

You are not the only one dreams of a cock in your ass as we make love. He moves over us and slowly begins to press into my anus. You can feel the pressure building as he pushes harder and harder against my virgin ass. You feel me breathing deeply, and him pushing hard as I hit bottom of the breathe. A low wine begins in the bottom of my throat, a sort of keening that increases as he pushes harder against the sphincter ring. Suddenly the resistance gives way and he is inside me. Almost like when I lost my virginity there is a sharp pain and the keen becomes a little scream followed by a swift stroke in and my anal cherry is gone. You groan under me feeling me shudder, knowing exactly what I am feeling. Now you can feel his huge cock in my ass rubbing hard against your own.

My god there is nothing like a real cock twitching in your ass, filling you, stretching you, hot and alive. You look at each other over my shoulder and start to move, one filling me as the other pulls back. I can feel you rubbing against each other thru that thin wall. The friction is exquisite. I can feel an orgasm building fast

I lied before, I am not in control tonight, he is. A large and forceful man, he is also much attuned to a lovers needs. Just before my climax becomes unstoppable, he pulls back and out of me. We both whimper at the emptiness he has left behind. You focus on his huge cock and marvel that I took it all, then wonder if it will invade your ass as well before this night is thru. When I see the question in your eyes, I smile evilly and nod. You swallow hard.

He pulls me up and off you. Turning me over and pressing me back, I am treated to your wonderfully hard cock, a bit smaller and very slick from my pussy, sliding up into my wickedly stretched ass. Even so, it is tighter than my pussy and you moan, you have never taken an ass before. You slide in to your core in a single stroke. 

Pushing me back against your chest he forces his way into my pussy in one stroke, the sort of hard fast entry I love. But he is soooo much bigger than anything or anybody I have ever taken it is again like losing my virginity. I feel a little tare and he forced himself in to the hilt. That sweet painful tare of losing your maidenhood one thinks she will never feel again.

It does not take long before I am reduced to a quivering mass as you both stroke forcefully into and out of me. When it came, my first orgasm was sudden and explosive. I cried out, screaming your name, and his. Neither of you slowed as I came, his command to keep going over riding your knowledge that I like to just hold a cock in me as I cum. He knew what he was doing. It seemed like it had barely passed when a second, stronger climax took me.

Again, he takes charge. Before I am able to think again he lifts me off you. I am amazed you have not cum yet, so tight it was with both of you inside me, so much wet friction. Pushing me face down on the bed, he puts several pillows under my hips, commanding you to take my ass. You slip back into me easily then stiffen as he presses your head down to my back. You know just how open your backside is like this. I have taken you this way many times since that night. You know your balls make a delicious target for my tongue like this, and just how inviting your asshole is. I feel you tremble in anticipation.

Instead, you feel his tongue on your balls, something you did not expect. He licks, sucks, and teases at your ass and my pussy as you slowly stroke into and out of my ass. You try to pick up the pace, wanting to pound me, wanting to cum so badly, but he is in charge now and will not allow it. His fingers slide deep into me and sort of press around your cock thru the wall, masturbating you too as you fuck me. I hear your deep groan and know you are getting close.

Suddenly he pulls his fingers away and somehow manages to get below you and get half his cock into my pussy. Three or four hard strokes and I am cumming again, thrashing wildly on the two cocks in me. Just as suddenly he pulls away from me again, wet and slick with my cum, and forcefully takes your ass. Entry is easier for you, you have had your ass fucked almost nightly for weeks, but he is still huge. More than anything you ever had and you scream out in mixed pain and pleasure, just as I did. I can feel him driving in and out of you, forcing your motions in me to match his. Just when you think you will explode, he does first, flooding your bowels with so much hot semen you think it will never stop. Your reaction is to cry out and flood my bowels the same way, as I shake in one last orgasm of the night.