 Chapter 2 . . . please be sure to read Chapter 1! 

*

Before moving on, I guess I should describe myself. At the time I was in my mid 30's, short brown hair, baby blue eyes, average build. I was 5'10", with a slightly muscular/stocky build. Overall, I guess I looked like your typical mid 30's married Caucasian man. Cute, but not Brad Pitt handsome, with a boyish face. I still got second looks from the ladies, which certainly helped my confidence and spirit, but I in no way considered myself a player. I was conservative and cautious to a fault. Someone who looked squeaky clean on the outside, but harbored a definite naughty streak within. But enough about me . . .

Despite the decision I had come to, I still was having trouble getting up the courage to actually take the next step and meet Jun in person. My lust, curiosity and a desire for passion were spurring me onward, but my cautious nature and moral compass were holding me back. After a few more weeks of remarkable patience on Jun's part, we made plans to meet up. However, true to the dilemma brewing inside of me, I canceled at the last minute. At this point, I was sure that I had blown any chance with him. Why had he waited for me this long? What was it about me, different than all of the other horny married guys on the net, that kept him patiently waiting? Everything in my gut was telling me that this guy was ok and exactly what I needed for my first time. After 24 hours of feeling guilty of cancelling our meeting, I packed my bags, told my wife I had to go out of town for business for the night (something not uncommon with me), and I headed out on the two hour drive to where Jun lived.

Checking into the hotel, I wasn't 100% sure that Jun would want to see me now. We hadn't really talked since I cancelled, but I suspected he wouldn't say no. After a nice shower, I texted and emailed Jun that I was in town and really wanted to see him that night. I wasn't sure how much I would be able to go through with, but at least we could talk and see what would happen from there. A couple of hours later, I heard a nervous knock at the hotel room door, and we were soon face to face for the first time.

He was exactly how he looked in the pictures he had sent online. He was part Filipino, giving his skin a natural tan. He was mid 30's, dark black hair and had a face that still showed a boyish charm. He seemed nervous as well, which made me feel a little more relaxed. Medium built and slightly smaller than me, he exuded a natural charm that was so appealing online. He took a seat across the room from me, out of either respect for my nervousness or due to his own I wasn't sure. Within minutes we were talking like old friends and whatever nervousness existed was quickly fading. 

My cautiousness and fear of the unknown was fading as well. He didn't know it at that point, but I was acutely aware that my lust was soon going to take over me and all inhibitions would be gone. While listening to him tell me something that has long been forgotten, I remember thinking to myself "I might even go as far as letting him fuck me tonight." That was a major leap for me and something I hadn't seriously considered before he showed up. 

After about 15 minutes, Jun said he would like to kiss me now, if that was all right with me. I managed to push a small "yes" out of my mouth, and he was soon on the couch beside me. This was it . . . I was actually about ready to have my first contact with another man and I could feel my heart racing. His mouth gently touched mine, and to my surprise, it didn't seem unusual or out of the ordinary as I had often suspected it might. The kisses then came in rapid fire, each with more passion than the last. While I had fantasized often about the sexual acts, I honestly had not thought that much about kissing and the intimacy before sex. But now, I was very much enjoying the kissing, the feeling of his lips on mine, his tongue slowing probing into my mouth. 

Soon I was on my back with him on top of me. The kissing continued as our hands began to explore one another. My hands found his ass and I couldn't believe how hot it was to feel him through his blue jeans. Everything was happening quickly, and all of it welcome. I took the next step and asked him if he wanted to move to the bedroom (it was a nice two room hotel suite). He asked if I was sure, but I think he knew the answer even before he asked it.

Moving to the bedroom, I turned off the light so that only the light from the living room provided a soft glow to the room. Our hands were roaming freely, and I let Jun take the lead in what would happen next. I had always been the lead, the aggressor in the bedroom. It was a nice change to step back and let him assume that role. He unbuttoned my shirt, running his hands over the undershirt that still covered my chest. He stepped back, removed his shirt and then removed mine. 

My head was spinning throughout, but every once in awhile my brain would come out of its haze and cause me to really absorb the moment. I remember looking at his sexy tan chest, without a hint of hair, and realizing that I was beyond turning back. 24 hours earlier, I was coming to grips with the fact that this might never happen . . . and now a day later I was partially naked in a hotel with another guy and I was loving it. Jun brought his naked chest to mine and kissed me passionately. The feeling of so much of our skin touching each other for the first time was amazing. He asked me to lay down on the bed, which I eagerly did. I was totally his and he could have done anything to me he wanted, although I don't think he quite realized it. I laid down on my back in the middle of the king sized bed and eagerly awaited for whatever came next.

Jun slowly peeled off my socks and gently rubbed my feet. Then he moved slowly up my pants legs, stopping briefly at the top to kiss my stomach. My jeans were quickly removed. Through my underwear, Jun moved his hand up and down my incredibly hard dick. I was watching his every move, but he rarely looked up at me, almost as if he was afraid that if he did I might ask him to stop. I wanted so badly for him to remove my underwear, and to feel his hands and his mouth on my dick. He slowly peeled them down, then stood and looked at me with a devilish grin. He unbuttoned his jeans and quickly deposited them on the floor, leaving his tight boxer briefs on. I could briefly see the bulge in his underwear, and I hungrily wanted to see more. 

Jun made his way back up my body and quickly sunk my rock hard cock into his warm moist mouth. My wife was not a big fan of oral sex so the quality of blow jobs I had received was subpar. What Jun was doing, however, was worthy of an Olympic medal. I had always heard that men were better at giving head because they know what they like, and it certainly seemed true now. 

Jun's lips were wonderful as they were gliding up and down my shaft. After what seemed like hours, although I'm sure it was only a few minutes, he stood up (leaving me with a sense of loss for my now unattended dick), and removed his shorts. For the first time since the high school locker room, I was in the same room with the naked cock of another man. The look of lust in my eyes had to be obvious to Jun. I wanted to touch it, to suck it, to feel it in so many ways. Jun returned to sucking my dick, and after a few minutes swung his body around in a 69 position. Ok, the big moment was here. His hard cock was inches from my face. He didn't say a word and I just stared at it for a moment or two. I wanted it badly and without anymore thinking wrapped my mouth around it. Jun let out a gentle moan and I began sucking up & down on his hard shaft like I had been doing it all my life. I guess I was doing it right since Jun asked if I was sure this was my first time! It was, and I was loving it. His dick was the perfect size, not too big to gag me on my first try, but not too small either. 

Over the next 20 minutes or so (heck, it could have been 4 hours . . . I was lost in the moment), we continued sucking each other's dicks and letting our hands roam freely. Jun moved to the end of bed between my legs and used his tongue to explore all round my cock and balls. I was in heaven and enjoying the moment, with no real thought as to what might come next. Jun pushed my legs up and apart a bit and grazed my asshole with his tongue. A sensation, actually more of a shock wave, shot through my body and my head. I had had my dick sucked before, but this was a totally new experience. Judging rightly that I wasn't going to object, Jun licked around my ass and gently probed my hole with his tongue. He seemed to be enjoying himself as much as I was, but he obviously didn't want it to end too soon. 

He moved up my body to my mouth and kissed me passionately. Realizing where his tongue had just been made the moment all the more erotic. I was completely lost to my lust, inhibitions and wildest fantasies, and my conservative self was loving every minute of it. It had started to rain outside and the pitter-patter against the window created a soothing rhythm. Jun then did something I wasn't expecting as he nestled in beside me, with my arm around him, and put his head on my chest. It was like a brief time out, but I could tell it meant more to him than just that. The whole event suddenly seemed like more than just a cheap romp in a hotel room. The level of passion and intensity was high, and there seemed a real connection between us that I hadn't expected. We held each other for maybe 10 minutes, talking about who knows what, and lightly running our fingers over one another. 

Ready for whatever was still to come, I rolled Jun onto his back and for the first time took the lead. My mouth and hands couldn't get enough of his smooth chest as I licked and felt my way around it. His dark nipples were hard, yet soft to the touch. I lowered my mouth to one and sucked it gently. It was certainly different than sucking a female's breast which easily fills the mouth. With Jun, I had to lower my mouth even lower to his body, which allowed me to feel the muscles of his chest beneath my lips. I kissed and licked my way down his body, and hungrily took his cock in my mouth again. 

Neither of us had cum at this point, and I was starting to think about just how I'd like to do it. I also knew what I was going to ask next was what I wanted, but I think it took Jun by surprise. I moved back up to his waiting mouth and kissed him. Moving back slightly, I asked him what he would like to do to me (a loaded question if there ever was one). His response was exactly what I expected, "whatever you want me to do." 

I lowered my head slightly and said "I want you to fuck me." 

"Are you sure?" "Are you sure you're ready?"

"I'm sure. I really want you to do this."

While I don't think he expected me to ask that, he certainly didn't wait for me to ask twice. Neither of us had really anticipated this happening and weren't prepared. I suggested he use the lotion from the bathroom as lubricant, and then we realized that we didn't bring a condom. I know it was risky and I know it was probably a bit stupid, but at that moment I trusted Jun inherently and I remembered the months of his kindness, honesty and patience with me. I told him it was ok to go without if he was ok with it. I had to feel him in me. I laid back on my back and Jun spread my legs and returned his tongue to my asshole. After a few minutes, he gently probed my hole with his index finger. Surprisingly, there was no pain or discomfort, and I closed my eyes in ecstasy. Soon a second finger joined the first and he gently pushed them in and out, slowly easing me in to what would come next. 

Nothing more was said between us after that point. Jun pulled me towards the end of the bed. I heard the lotion bottle open, and then the distinct sound as he rubbed up his hard dick. He stood up at the end of the bed between my legs, and slowly pushed my legs up and out. I could feel him moving up against my ass, but I wasn't looking at him. At this point, the tables had turned and I think I was afraid that if I made eye contact he might stop! I could feel his hard dick at the entrance to my ass, and without warning the head slowly began pushing in. Jun was very gentle and entered as slow as he could. The head of his naked dick popped past the opening and into me, and in my mind I can clearly remember thinking "wow, I actually have another guy's dick in me," causing a smile on my face. He pushed in slowly, bringing mild discomfort. After a few more gentle pushes, he easily had all of himself deep within me. My eyes were closed and my head was rolling gently from side to side. In other words, I was in heaven. 

Jun started moving his dick in and out of me, gradually picking up the pace. He was still standing. My legs were at almost a right angle to rest of my body and were laying against his chest. My feet were near his head, and he turned and kissed them. Finally I turned my head and looked straight into his eyes. The look of passion on his face was as strong as I'm sure the look on mine was. I was surprised at how there was very little pain. I had read so many stories of how the first time was awful, but this was anything but awful. My ass seemed to eagerly accommodate his dick. I could feel the heat all the way up and down his shaft as he fucked me. Jun picked up the pace and was soon fucking me with intensity. I could hear myself moaning and I never wanted it to end. 

He reached down with his hand and started stroking my dick which was beyond hard. Within minutes my dick exploded with more cum than I had seen in a long time, coating his hand and my stomach. Jun smiled and said "well, I guess you must be enjoying it." That much was obvious. He continued to fuck me on and on, long hard strokes. 

As I laid there in ecstasy, I was aware of all of the sounds of the moment: the now heavy rain hitting the window, the small moans escaping my lips, the sexy animalistic sounds coming out of Jun as moved in and out . . . and, above all else, the unforgettable sound of Jun's thighs and balls slapping against my ass with each thrust. I had forgotten to tell him that it was ok for him to cum in me (at that moment, everything was ok!), so, always the gentlemen, he suddenly pulled out and I watched in child like amazement as his dick squirted load after load onto my stomach. My ass felt so empty and I wanted him back in me, but the moment had passed. Jun collapsed on top of me. We were both drenched in sweat and cum, and were basking in the joy of what had just happened.

We rested for awhile, held each other and talked. Over the course of the next hour or so, we would continue to kiss, lick and suck one another. Jun continued his amazing oral skills and sucked me off until I came down his throat. He didn't come again that night, which made me question my skills a bit, but he reassured me that I was amazing and that he was just wore out . . . entirely possible. Later we showered together and explored our bodies a little more. Unfortunately, Jun had to work early the next morning, so we eventually called it a night and he reluctantly left me alone in my hotel room, wondering if we would ever see each other again. 

Alone with my thoughts for the first time, I encountered waves of guilt, but also an overall sense of peace. Going completely out of character, I had taken a remarkable chance on a fantasy that I didn't think would ever come true. Jun turned out to be the perfect choice for my first time, and I couldn't have been happier with my decision. As I laid in the hotel bed alone that night, I wished he hadn't left. So many thoughts . . . I wished he had fucked me a second time in another position, I wished I had gotten to taste his cum, and why the heck didn't I ask if I could fuck him?! 

But alas, that time was our one and only time together. Once I returned home, my moral compass swung into high gear and I promised myself I wouldn't do it again. My fantasies and desires continued, and Jun and I came close to meeting on several other occasions, but I could never get past my promise. It has been 3 years since that night and I still think about it all the time. I'm not 100% convinced that I'll never try it again, but I also know that it will likely be my only time living out that fantasy. 

I hope you've enjoyed the story, and I hope its stirred a little fantasy in you that needs to be satisfied.