 This is my first attempt at writing erotic fiction so please bear with me. I may add more stories if this one is well received.

I was 21 years old when I first realised that I was starting to fantasise about one of my friends. I could never remember any other occasions in my life where I had felt like this about someone of the same sex.

My friend Sean was 3 years younger than me, and I had met him through his brother with whom I was also a friend. His brother, 3 years older than me, had now settled down in life with his girlfriend, they had there own home and a baby on the way, so he didn’t socialise as much any more. 

My main past time in life other than work was going out at weekends, drinking as much alcohol as my body would allow, and trying to “pull” as many girls as I could. It turned out that when Sean and I went out, he too loved having a good old drink, along with hitting on any woman who came within audible range.

Our weekend outings to the local pubs and clubs became a ritual, and they were always good times. 

I loved being in the company of Sean, he was a very tough person and being in a city where there were lots of altercations with Navy and Army personnel, he was the ideal person to have around should we get into a scrape. I loved his humour and personality, which were very similar to mine.

Sean was about 6ft tall with short brown hair, piercing blue eyes and weighed in at about 14 stone. He worked as a labourer and as such his muscles rippled like lumps of iron. 

It didn’t take long before I started noticing “strange” feelings towards Sean. I was looking at him as more of an icon rather than a friend, and I was starting to have sexual feelings for him as well. The thought of exploring my sexuality with him didn’t repulse me, but rather turned me on in a totally different way than I have ever felt before.

One day when I was alone at my house in front of the computer, I started jacking off over some bimbo on a porn site. Half way through this little episode, I stopped looking at the screen and instead started fantasising about Sean. The effect was instant; I had a very powerful orgasm within seconds.

As the weeks went by, the fantasies became more and more vivid, until finally I made up my mind………… I wanted to try this for real.

Chapter 2 - Testing the water.

I’d known Sean for a long time now and on no occasion had he ever shown any homosexual tendencies. He never mentioned it, and neither did I. Approaching the subject was going to be tricky without giving the game away. There was a lot at stake, if Sean realised I was hitting on him, not only would it destroy our friendship, but the rest of the town would get to know about it and I would be labelled for life.

I Didn’t have a problem with my sexuality up until now, I was pretty sure I wasn’t gay, but the thought of making love to Sean didn’t have any adverse reaction, other than sending a rush of blood to my groin. I had to try this the once, and Sean was my perfect partner to try with.

One night we were in a bar that was extremely busy due to a popular band playing. There was a smoky haze stretching across the whole room and people were having a great time. Sean and I were stood at the bar with two girls, when they asked us to join them in the corner of the bar, where there were benches bolted against the wall with make shift tables in front of them to accommodate the extra patronage.

We sat down and the girls introduced us to the rest of their group. I found myself sitting right next to Sean, and when another of the girls’ friends returned from the loo, I had to shift even closer towards Sean to allow her a space to sit. My leg was now pressed against his and our torso’s were touching. The feeling was electric; as it was the summer we were both wearing shorts. I could feel the hairs on his leg rubbing against mine, and I could feel my erection starting to form. 

I tried to appear totally oblivious to the situation, just acting normally. Every time I told a joke or a story, I made use of my hands to emphasise points. I was consciously doing this so as to also allow my leg to deliberately keep rubbing against Sean’s. 

I didn’t want to push my luck tonight; I had approached the first barrier, physical contact without an adverse reaction. When two of the group got up to leave, I had to shift up the table. Staying put would have been way to obvious.

As the night wore on it started to become obvious we were on a winner with these two girls, who were in town studying at the local college. I turned my full attentions to chatting up the girl, as I had pushed the boundaries with Sean far enough tonight.

At closing time, the girls invited us back to their dorm for a nightcap, which Sean and I accepted. They went to the bathroom and Sean and I gave that nodding wink to each other. Except my wink meant something different, my wink meant:

“That was really nice rubbing my leg against yours tonight, and before this years out I’m going to be spread-eagled on your bed with you fucking me with that gorgeous cock of yours.”

I had to suppress a small laugh, if Sean could read my mind he wouldn’t be smiling right now; he would probably be punching me from one end of the room to the other.

We took the girls to there Dorm and spent the best part of 2 hours playing drinking games and getting more and more drunk. At some stage I got up to go to the toilet, when “my” girl followed me in and closed the door. She was a very pretty girl, but the thought of making love to her didn’t have the usual appeal, given my thought process with regard to Sean.

I made love to her over the toilet, but rather than spending time to ensure she had just a good a time as I normally would, I just went through the motions. It was all over within 5 minutes, and I pulled my shorts back up and returned to there living area. By this time Sean and his girl had retreated to the bedroom. 

The girl I was with invited me to bed. I was just about to decline when I realised that she probably shared the bedroom with her friend, which meant I would be in the same room as Sean. I accepted, and she took my hand and led me to the bedroom.

Outside the door, which was a-jar, she tuned with a smile and said

“I think there’s some mischief going on in there” 

I smiled, starting to feel uncomfortable with the situation. Sean would probably be unimpressed if I “cock blocked” him and stopped him getting laid.

Before I could answer, she opened the door fully and walked inside. Sean and the other girl were under the duvet and looked a bit sheepish as we entered, it was obvious they had been in the middle of something. I looked at the girl for a fraction of a second to long. I felt jealous of her being intimate with Sean in that bed. For a second I think she may have picked up on this, as her look was one of intrigue. 

“Don’t mind us,” my girl piped up. 

The room was fairly large, and both of these girls’ beds were positioned against opposite walls. I started thinking about the possibility of a mass-orgy braking out, but I guess that really does only happen in porn films. At no stage during the night had these two given any inclination that they indulged in the odd bit of carpet munching!

My girl stripped to her underwear, pulled the duvet of her single bed back and patted for me to join her. The girl in Sean’s bed got up and went out the room to the toilet. When she came back she switched off the light and crawled back into the bed. Within seconds, my girl had fallen asleep; obviously those last chasers we had were starting to kick in. I stripped down to my boxers and climbed in the bed beside her. I lay there very gently rubbing my cock, but pretending I was asleep.

I could hear Sean and this girl giggling under the duvet, and within a few minutes these giggles had turned to groans as Sean set about having his wicked way with her.

I lay there, imagining it was me in the bed with Sean, and my strokes started to become more violent. I could hear a very faint squeaking sound as Sean’s bed started to rock with his thrusting. I kept my hand in rhythm to the noise, and within minutes I had come all over this girls duvet.

I shut my eyes again and fell asleep, hoping that one day it would be me receiving Sean’s attentions.

Chapter 3 Every cloud DOES have a silver lining!

The next morning when I awoke I had an awful hang over. It was about 7.30 am and I was in no mood for sticking around and engaging in pleasantries with this girl, so I quietly got dressed and left, leaving the 3 of them to sleep.

When I got home and opened the mail, I was shocked to learn that a recent rumour going around at work had come true. A letter stated that the local depot was closing, and that the remaining staff had 2 choices; accept a redundancy package or move to another depot 50 miles up the road.

I was in no position to accept redundancy; I would have got very little bearing in mind the short time I had been working for the firm. The only alternative was to accept the new position at the other depot. I had a car, so the only problem was the extra 100 miles a day commuting along with the extra petrol charges. It was that or be un-employed which would have meant loosing my house.

I was a little disillusioned, and decided to go back to bed to sleep of the hang over.

I awoke again around 2pm to the sound of the phone ringing. It was Sean, I felt butterflies in my stomach the instant I heard his voice. The conversation was short, a de-briefing on the girls we had scored with the night before, and the arrangements for this evening.

We met at about 7pm at our local bar, and I told Sean about having to move depots. He was up beat, telling me it was better than having no job at all. He tried to take my mind off it by telling me about two girls he had arranged to come and meet us a little later. I could tell Sean was for a real session tonight, if previous experience was anything to go by, we would have had our oats with these girls by midnight, and then headed up to the local club to try our luck again.

I was drinking a lot more than usual tonight, in an effort to block out the thoughts of the work situation. Despite downing several shorts, it was not having the desired effect. I still felt rough from the night before, and I was distracted from my usual happy go lucky self. These 2 girls turned up about 9.30pm, nice and fashionably late. Straight away it became apparent who Sean was after. She was a stunning brunette who studied with Sean when they were at School together. Her friend looked a little rough, but what the hell, make hay while the sun shines, she was bound to look ok after another few pints!

I really didn’t hit it off with this girl. The conversation was short and snappy, and she was sarcastic in every response she made. By about 11pm, I was fairly sloshed and had just about enough of having to listen to her.

“You really do think you’re something don’t ya?” I asked.

She past comment about the fact that I may have put too much after-shave on.

“Yeah, well aftershave washes off, what are you going to do about your face?” I retorted, quite happy with my quick retort.

We threw a few fucks into each other at which point I told Sean I’d had enough for one evening and was going home. It was then that I did a pretty stupid thing, rather than calling a cab, I jumped in the car and started to drive home.

As I approached the road where I lived I realised that the car behind had followed me for the last mile or so. I could make out the reflective patterns on the bonnet. It was the cuffs, and I just new that any second they were going to give me a pull.

Sure enough, on came the blue lights.

“Tail light keeps blinking sir.” Came the cops statement as I wound down the window, quickly followed by:

“Have you been drinking sir?” 

I was banged to rights.

“Well there’s no flies on you is there Sherlock, so lets say we cut the crap and you get me down the station.”

After a breathalyser test I was thrown in the cells. I got bail Sunday morning, and had to surrender to the custody of the magistrates court on the following Thursday. I new I was going to get a ban, and when the day come, the judge gave me a 2 year ban like he was handing out sweets, plus a nice little £100 fine just to make sure I realised the error of my ways.

I was now well and truly fucked. I had no way of getting to my new place of work without a car; the public transport came once a week if they felt like it.

I was going to have to sell up and move nearer to the depot. Although it was a nightmare having to sort everything out, it actually was the turning point in my relationship with Sean.

3 Months on…

and I had moved house and was settling into the new depot. My nights out with Sean weren’t as frequent, as it meant him coming up to me and drinking, and the night life was pretty shit where I lived now.

He suggested I come to his house in the future and stay with him, as it would be like the old days then. I was quite touched that he was willing to come and collect me and then put me up for the night. 

The following weekend Sean came and picked me up, made a comment about how much independence a car gave someone, and took me back to town. Had anyone else made that comment, I would have probably been pissed with them. Coming from him made me smile, as I new it was said in jest.

We talked about this and that as we trundled down the free way. 

“Be nice to come to the house and see my parents” Sean Said.

“I’m not really looking forward to it, I think your mum thinks I’m a bad influence on you, even more so after getting banned!” I replied.

“Don’t worry about her, she’ll be cool. You’ll have to sleep in my bed with me tonight; either that or it’s the couch. My Dad’s brother is down so he’s in the spare room.”

The statement caught me completely off guard, and I really struggled to keep my composure.

“Yeah what ever, well sort something out when we got back.” I tried to say as calmly as possible.

I changed the subject so as to avoid me giving the game away that I was delighted I would be spending the night with Sean in his bed.

I was talking but thinking at the same time. I knew he had a double bed, I also knew from experience like camping and going on holidays that Sean was deadly serious about me sleeping with him in his bunk. He had no hang ups about that sort of thing, it didn’t strike him as weird or “gay”, it was just an offer of some where for me to sleep.

I couldn’t read anything else into it. That was Sean all over, perfectly happy to allow another man to share his bed with him. I now had the difficulty of making sure I got into his bed without giving to crap an excuse as to why the couch wouldn’t suffice. But I had all evening to work that one out. This could be a great night after all.

We went out to a usual haunts and had a really great evening. By the end of the night, Sean was really drunk, but I had been making special efforts so as to avoid getting wasted. I new that if I climbed into bed with him and was drunk, I would try it on with him. I didn’t want to make a move unless I was absolutely sure. The trouble was I didn’t have a little hand book telling me how to suss out if your friend is up for some gay sex without asking him straight out and risking the loss of our friendship.

We got a taxi back to Sean’s house at about 3 in the morning. The lights of the house were out and Sean was absolutely sloshed, going on about some ex he hadn’t spoken to in a while who was ignoring his calls. 

When we got into the house, an opportunity presented its self that got me what I wanted, into Sean’s bed without him thinking it odd. He got straight on the phone in the living room and started trying to ring this girl.

I acted more drunk than I really was and said I was going up stairs to use the toilet. Half way up the stairs and out of site, I deliberately “fell” back down 2 or 3 steps, just to add to the impression of being drunk.

“Fuck it” I cursed.

“Shhh…you’ll wake my parents up.” Came Sean's reply, with a little laugh.

I got to the bathroom and had a slash, before carrying out part 2 of my little plan. I fell on to Sean’s bed fully clothed on top of the duvet. I buried my head into the pillow and could smell Sean straight away. The thought of being in his bed got me hard pretty much straight away. Now all I could do was wait and see what happened when he came into the room.

Chapter 4 Make or Break.

I continued feigning sleep, all the while listening to what was going on down stairs. I heard Sean arguing with this girl on the phone, then silence, and then I heard him walking around in the kitchen downstairs. It went quiet again, and for a minute I thought he might have fallen asleep on the couch. That would be a pisser as I had got this far and this situation was unlikely to come up again in the near future.

I listened intently. I could hear my heart thumping in my chest through the mattress, but I could no longer hear Sean. I was just starting to think of a way of waking him up when I heard movement. Sean was walking up the stairs. This was it, after months of fantasising I had finally taken my motives to the next level, and hopefully beyond.

I heard Sean approach the door, and then I heard him laugh to himself. He walked off again and for a horrible moment I thought he was retreating back down stairs to the couch. I’d made care not to throw myself over the whole bed, as I new this would probably put him off. To my relief I heard him go into the bathroom. All was not lost, he hadn’t gone back downstairs yet and I new it was a 50/50 chance he may not.

Minutes later I heard him coming back into the room, and this time, bingo! The door closed behind him.

“Jooohhhhn” He said in a playful manner.

“What’s the matter can’t you handle the bear anymore?” he continued in his mocking town.

I continued to feign my sleeping and heard him laugh again. I felt the mattress suddenly give on the other side of the bed where he had just sat down. Then there was the unmistakable noise of shoes being taken off, followed by the zipper on his jeans. My heart was literally pounding in my chest. 

I heard the static from his sweater as he removed that, and then I was hit with the slight smell of deodorant, as he must have removed his t-shirt. 

There was a silence as he sat and did nothing. Then he switched the bedside light on. I listened, still burying my head in the pillow and “sleeping!” He walked around the bottom of the bed and started tugging at my shoes. I didn’t move. He kept tugging and eventually got them both off. I started to wonder if he would remove anything else off me, or if that was it. Just when I thought he was going to get into bed he spoke.

“John, wake up, you can’t sleep in your clothes on top of the bed.”

I lay still and said nothing.

“Fuck sake” I heard him mutter. This time he grabbed my jeans by the belt and threw me over so I was now lying on my back. I pretended to half wake up and made a groaning sound. I then realised my erection was only being hid by the fact that it was nesting in the crutch of my jeans. If he removed them, it would spring up and I would be done for.

He didn’t say anything a preceded to undo my belt, before pulling at my jeans. I assisted him by “drunkenly” lifting my arse from the bed. They came off with one more tug, and I was down to my boxers. My erection throbbed and Sean must have been blind not to have noticed it. 

He stood there for a second, and then reached out and pulled the duvet back on the other side of the bed. He grabbed me behind my head.

“Come on John, get into bed, I’m shattered and need to sleep. Come on help me out here will ya?” He said as he continued to push me around the bed.
