 It was a warm, sunny afternoon and my friend Tick and I were sitting under a tree on the Riverwalk, on a grassy patch under the Main Public Library reading. It was a rare occasion for Tick to find a book interesting enough to read, but apparently the steamy romance novel he found on one of the City Shelter's book shelves was doing it for him.

Yes, we caught a few looks from tourists who weren't expecting literate homeless people to be part of their tour, but we didn't mind. If anything, it boasted that our city's library system was better than theirs was, if it was inspiring even the homeless to crack open a book. I always had a personal hatred for stereotypes, especially when they were focused at me and my friends. I mean, I've met more homeless people with college degrees than I can count.

Anyway, we were enjoying the shade, reading our books, when Psycho came walking up to join us. He was a big man, tall and well built, with a mess of dark brown hair. He was in need of a shave and was wearing a dingy white t-shirt above Army green cargo pants and a pair of work boots that had seen better days. I liked him, and socialized with him on occasion, but thought he wasn't particularly interested in me. The same could be said with most of the hottest straight guys on the streets.

"What's up?" he asked as he came to stand over us.

"Not much," Tick answered, "This bitch has me reading. I think her big brain is contagious or something."

"I don't have a big brain," I admonished him humbly. I was well read, but I earned my degree in street smarts the hard way. On the streets, only street smarts count, and I was no genius when it came to common sense.

"Doesn't matter anyway," Tick purred, "I'm interested in something big, and it ain't brains." 

"I would agree," Psycho blushed, "Only I'm not looking for something big. I already have the big."

"Prove it," Tick challenged.

Without hesitation, Psycho unfastened his pants, then looked around carefully. Once he was satisfied he was in the clear, he pulled them down, revealing a good nine inches of thick, flaccid meat. He pulled them back up quickly and fastened his pants again.

"Holy fuck!" Tick exclaimed, "Where have you been hiding that thing, and why haven't you given it to me yet?"

"Well, to begin with, I'm straight. Then there's the effect that the Thorazine I have to take has on my junk." He kicked at a root bashfully, "I can't get it up."

"I didn't know you took psych meds," I said.

"You know about Thorazine?" Psycho asked, obviously surprised.

"Are you kidding?" Tick interjected, "This bitch knows everything about everything."

"No, I don't," I corrected him, "I just happen to know about Thorazine from being hospitalized for my teenaged suicide attempts." Then I turned to Psycho, "You don't have the Thorazine shuffle that I witnessed with the other guys I knew who were on it."

"My dose isn't that high," He explained, "On the streets, I only take enough to keep the voices at bay. I still have the fucked up thoughts, and sometimes I get into trouble for beating some asshole down."

"Well, I've heard enough," Tick said, getting to his feet, "I'm heading back to the shelter, where there are witnesses. Are you coming, bitch?"

"It's still early," I complained after looking at my watch, "I think I'll wait a while longer."

"Suit yourself," Tick said, beginning to walk away. As he began to climb the stairs, he stopped and looked back at us. "If anything happens to my friend, I'm sending the cops after you, so make sure you're good to him."

"Will do," Psycho assured him, giving him a salute that would make the Army proud. We watched as Tick made his way up the stairs and disappeared from sight. "I'm glad he's gone. I wanted to ask you something, and I wanted it to stay just between the two of us."

"What is it?" I asked, patting the grass beside me in an offer to sit. He chose to remain standing.

"I need to bust a nut." I was surprised by his bluntness. "You see, the Thorazine makes it impossible for me to get it up, so I've been skipping doses the last couple of days. I really need to start back on it, but I didn't want to just beat off, you know. No telling how long I'll have to wait to have sex again, and I'd really like to fuck someone. I'd prefer it was a girl, but I figured you might be more receptive."

"Tick would have been more than happy to help you out," I pointed out to him, "He was practically throwing himself at you."

"Yeah, but Tick is flamboyant and all, and you're not."

"Alright," I answered, remembering what his big cock looked like in its flaccid state, and more than a little curious about what it looked like hard, "How about we go to La Villita?" There was an out of the way bathroom there that wasn't frequented by tourists, due to it being difficult to find.

"If you think so, let's go."

The two of us walked to the bathroom at La Villita, a little "old town" tourist spot. There wasn't much conversation, but I chalked that up to Psycho feeling nervous about what we were about to do. I hoped it was that and not him listening to voices. 

In the bathroom, we moved to the last stall. All of the stalls were divided by limestone walls, so no one would see how many men were in the stall, on the off chance that someone did enter. Psycho quickly dropped his pants, revealing that long. thick piece of meat between his legs, and I dropped to my knees to work on bringing him to erection. 

I enjoyed sucking his dick, even though there was no way to swallow him whole. I had been with a few well hung men before, but no one compared to Psycho's massive size. The longer he grew, the thicker his tool became. Sitting back to take a look at him, I wondered if I would be able to take it.

"Holy fuck!" I exclaimed, looking at it for the first time, "How big are you?"

"Twelve inches," he answered, "Do you think you can take it?"

"Well, we're about to find out."

He pulled a condom from his pocket and slipped it on while I dropped my pants and leaned across the toilet. He moved in behind me and pressed the big head of his cock against my hole. He pushed but didn't enter.

"I lost it," he told me. I turned and saw he was now only semi erect. I pulled the condom from his cock and sucked him back to erection while he readied a new condom. Once I had him hard again, he worked on sheathing his hard-on and I once again assumed the position. Once again, he lost his erection.

"Okay, let's forget the condom," I decided, "Just fuck me as soon as you get hard. You let me know when you're ready."

On my knees, I loved him up, giving him the best blow job I could, ensuring he would be hard as a rock when we were ready to change positions. Psycho indicated he was ready to give it another try, and I assumed the position.

I felt the head of his cock on my hole, then winced as he pushed it in me. Even with my pushing down, to open my ass up, his girth was still more than I had ever taken. The pain was a dull one, and it quickly passed as Psycho stretched my hole out with his twelve-inch cock.

While I was never a size queen, I have to say there is a distinctly different feeling when you're riding a huge cock, compared to a smaller one. I was so full of him, so completely full of his cock, the effect on my prostate was immediate. My lust rose almost immediately, my body swept with pleasure.

I don't know how much of his twelve inches he was feeding me, but when he began to fuck me I didn't care. It was the most incredible feeling having this big piece of meat sliding in and out of me so deeply I couldn't fathom it. My whole body was tingling as he fucked me, as his big cock slid across my prostate with every long, hard stroke. It felt like he was trying to fuck me to death, and I would have gladly given up the ghost for that experience. 

It didn't last as long as I would have preferred, but it never does. He was soon cumming, dumping his pent up cum deeper inside me than any man every had. He pulled out almost immediately, already losing his boner, and pulled his pants up.

"Thanks," he told me, smiling broadly, "That was better than I imagined it."

"Anytime," I told him, "And I do mean anytime. You need to bust a nut and you're in the mood, I'm your guy."

"I'll keep that in mind."

From there we separated and I walked to the shelter. I never told anyone about what happened between us, preferring to keep him my own little dirty secret. As much as I hoped he would fuck me again, he left town a few weeks later, and I never saw him again.