 After a night of bar hopping with my friends, Trick and Rabbit, and unable to find a place to crash for the night, we faced the rise of the morning sun exhausted and hung over. We all lamented blowing through our money without securing a motel room first. So, we went to the public library to nurse our hangovers in the air conditioning, drinking as much water as possible from the water fountains.

It wasn't until Rabbit made an off-hand comment that he and Trick should sell my ass to get a room that Trick suddenly perked up and asked for change for the pay phone. He promptly disappeared for several minutes, then returned smiling.

"I called my ex-boyfriend, Marcel, who is going to meet us here and get us a room for the night."

"How did you pull that off?" Rabbit asked with amazement.

"I just explained the situation and he agreed to help."

Within thirty minutes, Marcel arrived, and we were on our way to a cheap motel. Marcel was a mixed race black man with a gregarious personality, six feet tall, with a sold build. I liked him from the start, but I imagined most people probably did.

Once we were in the room, Marcel went to find some food, and I headed straight for the showers. Being homeless doesn't mean you have to be dirty, and I had become very particular about my appearance shortly after I found my footing on the streets. After I had showered and slipped into a clean pair of shorts I had stashed in my bag, Marcel had already returned with a bucket of the Colonel's secret recipe and two liters of coke. Trick and Rabbit commandeered the shower together, arguing over the availability of hot water, leaving me alone with Marcel. I sat on the edge of one of the beds and watched TV before Trick and Rabbit stole the remote and switched the channel to one of the Spanish stations.

"Do you think those two are fucking?" Fred asked me. I thought I might have heard a hint of jealousy in his voice.

"Not that I'm aware of," I answered him honestly, "I think they're really close, but I think it's just friendship."

"What about you?" Fred asked, rubbing his hand over what little hair I had on my chest, "Do you have a significant other?"

"No," I answered, wondering where this was heading. I had never had sex with a black man before. "I'm a free agent right now." 

"Are your pubes red too?" he asked as his hand moved down my flat stomach, which is hairier than my chest, clearly on its way to my crotch. I swallowed hard out of nervousness. Hooking my thumb into the waist band of my shorts, I tugged them down to reveal my fiery red crotch.

Up to that point, the guys I was with were only interested in my ass and mouth. No one other than me had ever touched my dick. Now I held my breath as Marcel ran his fingers through my bush.

I heard the faucet handle on the shower squeak and Fred withdrew his hand like he had been snake bitten. 

Trick came out of the bathroom wearing nothing but boxers. His body toned, his skin the color of latte, with a thin treasure trail that began at his navel and traveled down to what appeared to be a nice sized cock I saw in the showers at the city shelter. If it weren't for his overly dramatic personality, I would have been all over him, but I preferred a more masculine man.

Rabbit could easily pass for straight. His lean, muscular body was more of a mocha color, like Marcel's, and he had a hypnotic loose swinging cock that bounced against the fabric of his sweat pants invitingly. In the showers, I was more fascinated with Rabbit's firm, round muscular ass. I don't know why, but I've always like guys with cute little butts, even though I was not looking to fuck them.

"Well, I kept my end of the bargain," Marcel announced after the commotion calmed down and Trick and Rabbit were eating. I chose to nurse a coke, unable to stomach the idea of eating just yet.

"Oh, yeah," Trick said, as if he had forgotten something, "Juero, go fuck Marcel."

"What?" I exclaimed, a little louder than I planned to. Marcel noticed my surprise.

"You didn't tell him?" Trick brushed Marcel's question away with a flick of his wrist.

"The deal was that Marcel get us a motel room, and one of us fuck him in exchange for it."

"Why me?" I had never fucked a guy before, but my always horny cock was on the rise with the apparent possibility. 

"Because he's already had me, and Rabbit doesn't fuck. I'm pretty sure you do. You just don't know it yet."

I rose shakily from the bed and entered the bathroom with Marcel, closing the door behind us. I had never been so nervous in all my life. I had never fucked a guy before, and I was afraid of being judged for not being big enough, or not having any experience.

Marcel laid a towel on the wet floor and started stripping out of his clothes. I followed suit, watching as he revealed a thick nine-inch cock. He looked at me when I finally shucked out of my shorts to self-consciously reveal my hard-on.

"You have a big dick, white boy," Marcel cooed, grabbing it to give it a little squeeze.

"I do?" I asked, sounding a little too surprised. "I mean, you think so?"

"I guess it depends on what you consider a big dick," he told me, "And I'd say you have a big one. Maybe eight inches."

I looked down at my dick. It looked like it always did from my perspective, but I had never really considered how big it was. I did later confirm he was right about my size, off by only a fraction of an inch.

Marcel lay on the towel spread on the floor and waited for me. I moved in between his legs, not knowing what to do. I thought about the guys I was with, and I just followed their remembered movements. I worked up some spit in my mouth and coated my cock with it for lube, then I pushed the head of my cock in between his ass cheeks, trying to locate his sphincter. Failing at this, Marcel grabbed my cock and guided it for me. I pressed against his tight hole, which opened up to me with little hesitation. 

The feeling of his asshole wrapped snugly around my cock was immediately foreign and wonderful. I had never experienced anything like it before. Remembering how I hated it when guys would begin fucking me by ramming into me, I slowly pushed deeper into his ass, where the pressure of his sphincter gave way to a softness that surrounded my cock, loosely stimulating it. I buried myself in him and readjusted my position.

Remembering how I enjoyed the long, slow fuck, I mimicked Casanova's moves and began with short strokes that I maintained as long as possible before lengthening those strokes until I was practically pulling out of him before diving in again. I allowed my rhythm to increase as my own pleasure built until I was plowing into him with long, hard thrusts that were powerful enough to scoot us across the floor a little at a time. Marcel extended his hand to brace himself against the side of the tub. I changed my position, so I could slam into him deeper. He moaned, and squealed beneath me, driving me to fuck him harder. 

I came with a force of orgasm I had never experienced before. It took the breath right out of me and left me feeling weak. It was as if all my strength shot out of the head of my dick, and I collapsed on top of him, grinding my overly sensitive head deep into him until I could recover.

I pulled out, still hard. I suddenly knew what the guys who fucked me were after, and now that I experienced it for myself, I wanted it again. I sat up on my haunches and allowed Marcel to get up from the floor.

"That was pretty good for a first time, kid."

"Thanks," I smiled up at him, grabbing his still hard cock, "Give me a minute and we can do it again, if you want."

"And an alpha was born!" he laughed, "Maybe another time, white boy. I have to get on to work now, but I'll be thinking of you all day."

I washed my dick off in the sink, with a little help from Marcel, which was preventing me from losing my boner.

"You keep this up and you're going to be late for work," I finally warned him.

After we dressed, we left the bathroom together. I pulled some chicken from the bucket, suddenly feeling very hungry.

"Well, how was it?" Trick asked Marcel. I saw Marcel in the mirror above the dresser indicate with his hands the size of my dick. "No way!"

"Believe it girl!" Marcel laughed as he left the room, giving me a little kiss on the cheek as he passed by.

I ate my chicken and soon drifted into sleep, sleeping the rest of the day and deep into the night. I awoke after nightfall needing to take a piss. After I finished up, I crawled back into bed to try to get some more sleep.

There were whispers, followed by the rustling of sheets in the other bed. The next thing I know, the lamp flicks on as Trick and Rabbit invade my bed. Trick held me down while Rabbit yanked my shorts off.

"What are ya'll doing?" I demanded.

"Calm down, Juero, we just want to see this big dick of yours," Trick laughed as he fought against my trying to get up.

I stopped fighting when Rabbit took my cock into his mouth, swishing it around with his warm, wet tongue. I was at full mast in seconds, and I watched breathlessly as he wrapped his full lips snugly around it to take in about half before taking the full length of it. In comparison to Rabbit's face, I saw my size for the first time.

"Not bad," Trick told me, releasing his grip on me, "But this is what a big boy dick looks like."

In one swift motion, he shucked out of his boxers. His big brown nine-inch erection sprung in front of him. I was surprised to see he was circumcised. He slapped my cheek with it a couple of times, then poked at my lips with the head. I turned my face toward him and opened my mouth, slipping him in. I twisted to get into a better position, not wanting to disturb Rabbit, but that plan quickly change when Rabbit straddled me and sat on my dick. I stopped sucking Trick's dick to watch Rabbit's tight hole sliding slowly down my cock.

Trick turned my head back to give his cock some attention and I lay back down as he fucked my face while Rabbit ground his ass into my pelvis, moaning, "Oh fuck... yes."

My attention was almost entirely on blowing Trick, only marginally aware of Rabbit's grinding fuck on my cock. I sucked Trick's cock, trying to keep up with his thrusts into my mouth, He was merciful in not forcing his big pole down my throat, content to just get enough of it into me to make it worth his while. He eventually came, and I worked hard to gobble up his cum. Only a little leaked out of the corner of my mouth.

Trick pulled out and moved to lie back on his bed to watch the show. I wiped his cum from my cheek and flipped Rabbit onto his back, pinning him to the bed. We rearranged ourselves, placing his legs on my shoulders while I worked to stay buried in him. I fucked him hard, enjoying the sounds of his moaning beneath me. 

He stroked his cock while I fucked him, my pleasure mounting quickly. I hoped he would cum while I fucked him, so I slowed my thrusts when I was sure I was close, allowing him to catch up. His orgasm seemed to hit him hard, his sphincter squeezing around my cock in spasms as he shot his load. I fucked him harder and spilled my seed deep in him after a few more thrusts. We lay there for a while, tired and satiated, our limbs still entangled. I pulled out and he rolled out from under me.

After some chit chat and coke, we settled back in to sleep. Only this time, Rabbit stayed in my bed, where I sniggled in behind him to spoon. My cock got hard again, but I was just too spent to do anything about it, and soon drifted into sleep.

In the morning we returned to the real world, and I resumed my role of cocksucker and willing piece of ass, but I felt different. I wasn't the shy little girly bottom I was before I fucked Marcel. I wanted to fuck a guy again, and I realized the only way I'd get to do that was to butch it up. 

I started making friends with some of the straight guys, secretly learning from them how to incorporate a little masculinity into my personality, and was soon accepted by them as one of them, despite my sexual orientation.

Trick would remain a close friend and ally until he finally got off the streets. Rabbit left for El Paso, where he had family willing to take him in. I fucked him again in a bathroom stall before he left. 

It was sad to see the three of us split up, but that's how it is on the streets. No one wants to be there forever.