 ***Everyone in this story is fiction and is at least 18 years old or older***

*****

My name is Richard, I'm 23 years old. I own and work at the local skate shop in my Los Angeles neighborhood. I am opening bisexual and currently single. I've had a few sexual adventures with the most random of people. 

It was 2 pm in the afternoon when Dylan finally showed up. I was helping a few customers with a purchase when I saw him come through the door. I pointed to the office. When I finished up with the last customer I headed to the office.

Dylan and I have been friends since high school and I always remember him being great with computers. He used to do little short videos on youtube during high school, so I knew he was good with editing. When I entered the office I saw him sitting in my desk chair. 

"Dylan!" I said smiling. 

He got up and gave me a hug. "Sorry for being late, there was traffic all over the freeways." 

"That's rough. Traffic is never fun." I said to him as I grabbed another chair. 

"So what you need?" he asked. Dylan and I were always close, not close enough to have sex, but close. I helped him hook up with his now wife back in high school. He was the nerdy type and not many girls found him attractive but I stuck out for the guy. 

"So, something happened today at the store and it happened to get caught on camera."

Dylan simply nodded.

"I was wondering if you can edit it out or something," I asked. 

Dylan raised his brow, "Is it something illegal?" he asked. 

"No, not illegal exactly but I just don't any of the other employees to see it. It's the camera in the back room." 

Dylan sighed and hooked up his computer and got everything ready. "Well, tell me when we're close," he said as he began viewing the footage from the day. Dylan knew about my sexual shenanigans; I had several in high school. 

I kept my eye on the timer and told him to stop at 11:55 am before Jason entered the store. He clicked a button on his computer as the footage continued. Dylan's mouth dropped when he saw what was happening on the screen. 

He turned to me, "How old is that kid?"

"Uh...he's 18. He's some high school kid who needed a quick fix on his board. We began talking and one thing leads to another."

"A High school kid?" he said in disgust. "Come on dude, you're 23 years old. You shouldn't be blowing high school kids in the back of your shop."

"But he's 18, it's not illegal."

"You were 18 when you gave Mr. Otero a blowjob and got him fired" he retorted. 

I stood up and walked around the room, "Mr. Otero was a hot and Puerto Rican. That was different. He was a teacher. I'm not Jason's teacher."

"Still wrong." he muttered.

"Look, man, I'll pay you to remove it from the feed." 

He put his hands up, "Fine. I'll do it this once."

I felt happy, "Thank you. Uh, can you make me a copy?"

"Unbelievable." he yelled.

It took a matter of minutes for him to remove the footage and burn me a copy to a disc. He gave me the disc and stared at me, "This once, Dick" 

I put my right hand up, "Scout's honor."

"Shut up, you were never in the scouts." he said.

I gave Dylan a few hundred dollars and he left the store. I tucked the CD into my jacket pocket and went on with my day. The day went as regular, occasional customers coming in and out of the store. I noticed Jason never came back for his phone. 

It was now 10 pm and it was closing time. As I walked the last customer out the door, I locked the door and flip the close sign. As soon as I turn, I hear a knock. It was Jason, again. I open the door, "Kid, you have a bad habit of showing up when I close" 

"I'm sorry," he said catching his breath. "I left my phone. I only noticed during practice. So I came here as fast as I could. My mom would kill me if I left my phone somewhere."

"Alright, come in. Your phone is on the back table" I said as I guided him to the backroom. He was wearing different clothing, gray sweatpants, and a black sweater. Like his tracksuit pants from before, they shaped him very well. I grabbed his phone and handed it to him. "Don't lose this, this weapon is your life," I said to him.

He stared at me blankly. 

"Really? Attack of the Clones?" I throw my hands up. "You kids, these days." 

Jason just shook his head, "Alright well thanks. The battery is pretty low, though. Hopefully, it makes it the ride home." 

"How far do you live?" I ask. 

"About 5 miles."

"You're going to skate that far at this time of night?" I said to him.

"Well, yeah. Unless you can give me a ride."

Crap! I should really invest in a car. I don't like driving and thanks to my job I don't really have to drive anywhere since my home up the block. 

"Sorry, kid. I don't own a car."

He shrugged, "No problem." Jason began walking towards the door. I didn't feel good letting him go home this late. This neighborhood wasn't bad as other neighborhoods but it did have its crime. I walk up to him and put my hand on his shoulder. "Wait, " I said to him, "Why don't you stay over? I have a comfy futon."

Today was full of immoral things. But I couldn't let him go home this late. Jason could get mugged or worse. He didn't reply at first, but after a few moment, he gave an answer. "I suppose that could work." 

He held his phone up, "Do you have a charger?" 

"Yeah, actually. At the house. I know this is weird." I said. 

"It totally is. But for some reason I trust you." 

I wasn't sure why he said that we met a few hours ago. The last time someone trusted me he got fired. I brushed off my worry, I was only letting him stay the night. Not like we were going to have sex or something. 

"That's good to hear, I think," I muttered out.

He stood in the store while I closed up. He texted his mother to tell her he was staying at a friend's house. After I closed up, we walked block and a half and made it to my house. During the walk, I got to know him a bit better. Turned out we had a few things in common and understood my reference but refused to acknowledge it due to his distaste for the Star Wars prequels. 

My apartment wasn't anything fancy, single bedroom with a small kitchen and living room. It was however very clean, I did my best to keep it clean every day. I always had a thing for cleaning. When I am bored or even upset I will clean. It's very therapeutic. 

I felt my stomach rumble, I was hungry. "Pizza?" I asked as he placed his backpack on the couch. 

"Sure," Jason said. 

I told him to get comfortable while I ordered the pizza. He took his shoes off and sat on the couch. I grabbed two cokes from the fridge and handed him one. I realized I needed to shower. I handed him the remote to the tv, "Here, check out some TV while I shower." 

Jason simply nodded and took a sip of soda. 

I went to my bedroom and picked up some clean clothes and headed to the bathroom. I removed my clothes and stared at myself in the mirror. I don't know why, but I've always been fascinated with how my body looked. I tried to eat healthy to stay in shape. It paid off, I still had my twink body from high school. I worked out but I wasn't buff, I was lean. 

I entered the shower and noticed my random erection. This day was quite exciting, but instead of thinking about Jason. I thought about Mr. Otero and his big dick from High School. After a few minutes, I came against the shower wall. I finished my shower, then dried myself off and began putting my clothes on. I slipped on black briefs, gray shorts and a black Iron Maiden shirt I got at a concert a while back. I hung the towel on the rack and headed out to the living room. 

Jason was sitting in the same place watching a tv show. I sat down next to him feeling refreshed. I opened my soda and drank. We sat there in a quiet until the pizza came. After we chowed down on some slices, we started talking a bit and then he asked the random question. "So, what does semen taste like?" Jason said.

I was caught off guard, "Uh, well." I began trying to think the best way to describe it. "It really doesn't taste like anything. It can depend on the person, some people have sour semen, others have sweet semen. It really depends on what they eat." 

"Ah, I was just curious. I told my friend earlier that the girl who blew me swallowed." He said. "My friend was a bit jealous, he said no girl had swallowed his load." 

"That's because your friend is lying," I said to him.

We both chuckled, "After he asked me I thought about what it would taste like." Jason continued. 

"Maybe you'll try it one day," I said jokingly.

After that, we talked some more while watching a movie on Netflix. At midnight, I gave him some blankets and helped him set up the futon. I then went to my room to catch some sleep. 

For some reason I couldn't sleep, I wasn't feeling bad or anything like that. I just alert, full of energy. I grabbed a book and tried to read, hoping it would make me tired. After a few minutes I wasn't feeling sleepy. I grabbed my laptop and turned it on, I went to a porn site and began watching a video. I figured if I jerked off, I would feel sleepy after. I pulled down my shorts and underwear down and began pleasuring myself. 

I heard a knock on my door, I didn't notice that the video was too loud. I pulled my shorts and underwear back up and tuck my boner under my waistband. I close the laptop and head to the door. It was Jason, "Hey...kid." I said trying to sound sleepy. 

He looked at me, "Cut the crap, I'm a teenager. I know you were watching porn."

There was no fooling this kid. "Yeah, sorry. I couldn't sleep." 

"Can I join you?" he asked. 

It felt a bit weird, I've never jerked off with someone else. This honestly was a new experience for me, so I went with it. "Sure, I guess. It ain't weird for you?"

He shrugged, "My friends and I have watched porn together. But they get off on simple porn." He stepped into my room. "And besides, you've sucked my dick. Can't get weirder than that."

"You'd be surprised, " I said under my breath.

Jason looked around my room and saw my collection of figures, statues, and posters. I was a colossal nerd, I loved watching a bunch of old movies, television shows, and cartoons. So as an adult I made it my passion to collect a lot of stuff from my favorite media.

"Wow, this stuff is amazing," Jason said standing before my shelf of figures. 

"Thanks. I've had a few girlfriends who found this stuff..."

"Childish?" Jason said

"Yeah," I replied. 

"Nah man, this collection is sick." he turned to the bed and looked at the nearly closed laptop. "So, what type of porn were you looking at?"

I open up the laptop and sit on the bed. "Some of my favorites. A nice 3 way with 2 bisexuals and a hot redhead chick." 

"Damn, she looks hot," Jason said looking at the video. I laid on the bed and set the laptop between us. He did the same. After a few minutes I saw his bulge grow, then I saw the outline of his boner. I felt the blood rush to my penis as it grew bigger. 

"So, is it okay if I jerk off?" he asks as he strokes his penis through his sweats. I felt the feeling in my stomach, I was so horny. I wanted to blow him again. This time it was a bit safer as we were in my home, so no worry about being caught on camera. 

I grabbed his erection, "How about I give you another blowjob?"

He simply smiled. I got closer to him as he adjusted himself on the bed so he could see the video while I sucked him. I could see his member pulsing in front of my face, I began sucking the tip through his sweats. 

On the screen, I saw the girl being pounded in the ass while she sucked the other guy. I pulled down Jason's sweats and I see his red briefs. This kid was wonderful, wore nice briefs and had a 6-inch cock. I began sniffing through his underwear, the scent was so inviting. I pulled out his dick, grabbed it by the shaft and begin sucking the tip. I start slowly, savoring every moment of his young cock. 

Jason began to moan as I suck a little faster. I remove my hand from his shaft as I took it 

further into my mouth. I pulled out my dick and begin to stroke it. He put his hand on my head as I sucked him faster. 

In the video, the two guys came on the redhead, their pools of sperm oozing off of her chest. I push the laptop away as I get on my knees, I pull his underwear and sweats down to his ankles and continue to suck him. I bobbed my head faster, I could already taste the precum. He began moaning a bit louder as I picked up pace. I stopped, when I did he gasped, then I began stroking it. He was really about to cum. I smile at him, he looked out of breath. "So want to take this to the next step?"

Worry drew on his face, "Uh, a blowjob is just fine. I don't want to fuck."

I reached for a tube on my bedside table, "No fucking, just pleasure. Trust me, you'll like this." I slathered lube around my index finger. "Just relax, you'll love this." 

He simply nodded, he seemed a bit nervous, but I knew he would like this. I lay on my stomach and I go back to sucking his dick. I place my right hand on his ass and slowly slip my finger down his butt. He jerked when the tip of my finger entered him. I look at him, he was tense but calmed down. I continued my push while I slowly sucked him. When I was fully in, I began to get to work. All at the same time, I began sucking faster, my left hand played with his balls while my right finger worked his prostate. Jason began to breathe harder, he was going to cum soon. His moans got louder as I sped up. In a matter of moments, Jason let out a loud moan and grabbed my head as he shot his delicious load into the back of my throat. I slowed down and pulled my finger out of his rectum. I made sure to drain as much cum as I could from him before I swallowed his hefty load. He looked at me panting. I was doing the same. 

"That was" He spoke in breaths "better than earlier." I rolled on my back and slid up next to him. "You really are good at pleasuring someone," Jason said. 

"Thanks." Jason sat there with his underwear and sweats down, his penis being to fade. I continued to jerk off until I came a few seconds after. I managed to catch most of my cum in my hand and swallowed it. 

"Ew," he said. 

"It's not that half bad," I said to him as I dabbed some on my finger and tried to give it to him. "Come on try it." 

He protested and then I laughed. I finished my load and went to the restroom. I noticed I got some on my shirt, I took it off and cleaned myself off. I went back to the room and put on a new shirt. Jason was up pulling his underwear and sweats back up. I stopped him, "Wait" I grabbed some tissues. "Let me clean off some of the lube." I cleaned off the excess lube from his butt, caressing it when I could without making it weird for him.

Jason first pulled up his briefs and tucked his dick away and then pulled up his sweats. He was doing it slow on purpose so I can enjoy the view. After he finished, I turn to the bed and begin to put the laptop away. He turned to me, "Is it okay if I sleep in here?"

"Sure," I said. The bed was big enough for the both of them, "I sleep in my underwear, though."

"After the things we've done, it doesn't bother me. Besides I like sleeping in my 

underwear too." I grabbed an extra pillow and put it next to mine, I then removed my shorts as he removed his sweats. We both laid on our backs, snuck under the covers. I leaned over and turned off the tv and we both went to sleep.

The next morning, I woke up to the sun beating down on my face. I turn over and see Jason sleeping peacefully next to me. I slip out of bed and head to the bathroom. I brush my teeth and head to the kitchen to make coffee. When I returned to the bedroom I saw Jason sitting up in bed looking at his phone. 

He turned to look at me with panic on his face.

"What happened?" I asked.

"My mom just texted me, asking where I was. She found out I wasn't sleeping at my friend's house," he said distressed. 

"Crap!" I said.