 Today some years later, I still remember the day we met. The seminar speaker was asking if there were any more questions, and I was thinking of the fastest way to get checked out and to the airport. I had stayed the extra day to hear this alleged "national expert" lecture on Mergers and Acquisitions, a subject I knew very well, to see if he had some new ideas I wasn't aware of, but he didn't. Fortunately, the seminar was held at my favorite seaside resort, and there had been other very good speakers, so I had had a great weekend despite this idiot. 

I was picking up my blank note pad and turning to leave when the good looking guy that had snuck some time after the program had started and sat next to me for the last 2 two hours, touched my arm to attract my attention, and when I turned, said with a slight British accent, "I didn't get a chance to introduce myself. I'm Charlie Wilson. How 'bout a quick drink for the road? I really like to chat with you for a few minutes about a possible case." 

I looked at him closely. He was about 10 years younger than me, had a very warm dark chocolate complexion, with slightly angular Asian features, thick straight black hair, spoke with a slight English accent, and was just a shade taller than I was with a slim muscular build. I glanced at my watch. The last plane for the mainland didn't leave for another 3 hours so I had the time and nothing I had to do. He was good looking, and the most deciding factor was that I was flattered to have such a good looking younger guy want some time to chat with me. I really didn't care what the subject was; he was worth talking to.

"Sure. But, I need to get my stuff and check out first. I'll meet you in the lounge in 15 minutes."

He grinned, obvious pleased, "See you then. I'll be waiting." 

I made it to the bar 10 minutes late to find him sitting alone at a table in the far corner next to the window looking at the view of million dollar yachts in the harbor. It was dusk, the sun had just sunk below the horizon, and fading sunset was a magnificent mix of crimson, blue, pink and gold. In another 10 minutes it would be dark. But right now the harbor was beautiful.

"Sorry I'm late. There was a huge line at the check out desk."

"No problem, I'm in no rush. I saw the line when I came in here and I knew you'd be late. What are you drinking?"

"A Coke." 

When he raised his eyebrows, I said, "I've gotta drive to the airport and return the rental car and I don't need a DUI. I don't think that would be very good for business. 

He nodded and waived at the waitress. "Professor Stuka will have a Coke." 

Then he turned to me, "So what brought you all the way to the Islands for this seminar? I recognized your name, and I've always thought you were the best in the field. You should have done this instead of him."

I was instantly curious and cautious. I had not used my real name for the seminar registration, and did not wear a nametag; because I knew if I did, the sponsors, speakers, and attendees would want free legal advice I didn't want to give. I just wanted to see what this guy was selling the legal community about M&As. That was why I'd snuck in late and sat in the last row. Where he'd found me.

"How did you know my name? I didn't register under my real name."

"You did with the hotel and I recognized it from your books I have, so when I saw your name I got your photograph from the book jacket and went looking for you. See." He reached into his pocket and pulled out a Xerox copy of my photograph from the dust jacket of my latest book. 

I relaxed, disarmed by his explanation and flattered by his compliment of my knowledge in the field. I'd written several books and currently published an annual newsletter on the subject as a way to attract business, but the letter had a very small readership and I knew all the subscribers. Charlie Wilson wasn't one of them.

"Well," I said, "I'm a golf nut, and I really like the courses here, so I come here as often as I can. This is just another excuse to get out of the office, travel, play a little bad golf and write it off the taxes. What brings you here?"

"I live here. And I'm doing research for several M&A projects and thought this seminar would be a good addition to my knowledge base. That and I have a couple of your books. I must tell you I think your stuff is much better than anything I heard here this afternoon. Well that and I have a thing for older white men I think are good looking. Needless to say I had to meet you." 

My hear rate jumped from somnambulant to orbital escape velocity, a thrill ran down the middle my back giving me goose bumps and made my cock twitch. This guy was gorgeous! And, best of all, he was flirting with me!

My face must have shown my lascivious heat that he mistook for shock or offense, because he said quickly and quietly, "I didn't mean to embarrass you." He hesitated a few seconds, then added, "I really am impressed with your books and I was wondering if you would autograph them for me?" 

I didn't give a damn about signing books, what I wanted was him. I always been able to think fast on my feet and I displayed the ability now. So I asked, "What about your thing for older white men? How does that factor into your wanting my autograph? And by the way, I'm not an 'older man,' I'm only in my 40s."

He looked directly at me and said in a low husky voice, "I'd love to show you exactly how my thing for older white men factors in." 

I caught the not so subtle hint in his posture and tone. My heart was pounding, I could feel my face flush read, I was breathing harder, and my cock was trying to escape from my shorts. If he'd said he was just wanted to discuss paying me for my time to sign his books, I'd have made sure it took forever just to be near him. But I was thinking he wanted a little more than just an autograph, and I wanted to hear just what he wanted, and how much he wanted it.

"Tell me first. I may, or may not, be interested." I lied, as a picture of him mounting my raised bottom flashed in my head. I was about as interested as I could get without grabbing him right there. 

"I think you know exactly what I want," he said slowly running the tip of his tongue over his upper lip, while looking directly at me. 

"I think I do," I said, running the tip of my tongue slowly in and out over the center of my upper lip, "but tell me anyway so there's no mistake." I watched his eyes focus on my tongue and the vein in the side of his neck start to pulsate, and that he started to breathe faster. I said suggestively, "I'm listening." 

He looked at me, considered his options and decided to go for the gold.

"I want to run my hands all over you, rim your bottom with my tongue, listen to you moan and beg for more, suck you dry and fuck you till I can't stand it and shoot my hot white cream all over your bottom." He said, looking me directly in the eyes, his lust evident in his flared nostrils, widened eyes and heavy breathing. Then he added, "And from the flush on your face, your heavy breathing, and that bulge in your pants, I think you want me to do exactly that. Don't you?"

I nodded, not trusting myself to say anything. My throat was constricted from my pounding heart, and I was afraid my voice would come out as a squeak and ruin the moment.

He grinned at me, his heat accenting his features. "Let's go! I want you now!"

"I just checked out. I don't have anywhere to go."

"I told you I live here. We're going up to my place." He got up, motioned for me to follow him and moved toward the door. I got up and followed him, my head full of homoerotic fantasies, my heart pounding, my cock totally erect and tenting my pants.

On the way out of the bar Charlie said to the bartender, "Joe have Kim put this on my business tab." 

Behind Charlie's back, the bartender nodded and smiled knowingly at me. He had obviously seen this scene before, and had just as obviously surmised we were on our way upstairs to fuck. 

I felt like such a slut, well- I was a slut. I had been ever since I'd found out I really liked having different men fuck me. Even my wife had told me so - many times. Usually it was after she caught me in some compromising position, like bent over with some strange man screwing me. So I smiled back at Joe and slowly licked my upper lip in as lewd a way as I could. 

Joe's face registered shock at seeing this well dressed man in his 40's act like a cheap street hooker acknowledge the obvious, then he grinned broadly, gave me the thumbs up sign of his approval, and mouthed, "Have fun."

I puckered, blew Joe a kiss, and followed Charlie to the elevator thinking, "Joe will surly tell Kim and all the staff what we're doing as soon as we were out of sight." 

When the elevator arrived, Charlie inserted a key into the control panel that allowed access to the Penthouse and we started up. The minute the doors closed he turned on me, spun me around facing the wall and murmured in my ear, "Assume the position for me," pushing me toward the wall so that I was leaning on my hands against the wall at a 45 degree angle, with my feet spread wide, to give him easy access to anything he wanted. Before I had assumed the position he ordered, he stepped up close behind me, ran his hands up under my suit jacket, jerked my shirttail out of my pants and ran both hands slowly up over my belly, then up over my chest, and fondled my nipples, all the while pressing his belly against me and I felt his hard cock against my bottom as I pushed back against his insistent pressure. I closed my eyes and focused on the delicious sensation of his hands sliding gently all over me, while his cock reminded me he wanted to pound my ass. 

He grasped my belt, and was trying to undo it when the doors opened. He stepped back, and let me regain my footing, and led me through the dark Penthouse foyer, across a darkened living room and directly to a desk in front of floor to ceiling windows that provided a view of the harbor. The daylight was gone now, leaving just the lights of the harbor to dimly light the room through the windows. 

He murmured, "Lean over on the desk for me." As I did so, he moved behind me, and again slowly slid his hands up under my shirt. I tingled all over, and got goose bumps as he caressed me. I moaned and pushed my bottom back against him as his hands roamed all over my almost flat belly, up, over, and around my well-developed pectoral muscles, and then without any haste removed my shirt. Then his hands moved down to complete unbuckling my belt, then unbuttoned my pants and slipped his hand down the front of them fondling my hard cock for a few only seconds, depriving me of the jolts of pleasure he caused by running his finger over my tip, before slipping my pants and shorts down around my ankles. 

I stepped out on my shoes, and pants, now nude except for my socks. I started to move from my position bent over the desk, but he stopped me with a hand on my shoulder and said with lust in his voice, "Bend over; put your elbows on the table and spread you legs." I did, knowing he wanted me to present my bottom to him. When I did, I felt the familiar tingle run up my back from feeling my cheeks spread wide, as he ran his hands over my bottom forcing my cheeks open and lightly fingering my slot. I moaned, "Mmmmm, Mmmm, that feels so good, ahhhhh! AAaaaaaaa!" and pushed my bottom back against his exploring fingers, trying to envelope them, wanting him to penetrate my eager slot, but he avoided my efforts. 

I was hot now and wanted him, "FUCK ME!" I begged, "FUCK ME! PLEASE!" I reached back and tried to grab his hand and force him to finger fuck me but he evaded my attempt, and said softly "Not so fast, you've not earned what you want yet, and until you do you don't get it."

"What do I ...?" I tried to ask but he cut me off. 

"You're gonna let me do what I want, then I'll give you what you want." He said, running his hand over my bottom and lightly smacking me. I jumped, not because it hurt, but because I didn't expect it, and it felt sooo good. The slight impact of his hand made my cheeks wobble and tingle and after the impact he trailed his fingers between my cleft and over my slot shooting little tinges of pleasure up my spine. I gasped with the unexpected pleasure, "AAAAHH, mmmhhhh!"

He smacked my bare bottom again, this time on the other side. I gasped again as my cheeks wobbled and he trailed his fingers lightly over slot again. "Mmmmmm, Mmmmmm!"

He smacked my bottom again, harder, and I felt the pain of the impact on my cheeks and at the same time his middle finger slightly penetrated my slot sending a jolt of pleasure up my spine. "AAAAHHHHhhhhhhh!" I moaned.

"You like me spanking your bare bottom don't you. Well, you're gonna have to wait till next time for more of that. Right now I'm interested in something else," he said as he knelt between my legs and pushed his face between my cheeks and slowly ran his tongue up, down and around my open eager cleft.

Waves of pleasure pulsated from my willing anus as his tongue tickled me. He enjoyed flicking his tongue over, around, u and down, and then lapping my entire cleft from. I couldn't stop moaning with the intense pulsating pleasure he was giving me. "AAAHHHHH, mmmmmm, uurrrhhh, uhhhh, that feels so good, MMmmmm. I'm gonna cumm if you keep that up! Aaaahhhhh, urrgghhh!" I was wiggling my bottom trying to get him to penetrate me. 

He stopped and said in a husky whisper caused by his arousal, "Turn around I want to suck you."

I turned, happily presenting him my throbbing cock that had been leaking precum since he'd told me what he wanted to do to me in the lounge several minutes ago. I'm not very big, I'm curved slightly downward, and I've been told by several lovers because of my curve I'm real easy to suck. 

He swallowed me entirely pressing his nose against my belly, and then sucked me hard clearly intending to make me cum. He didn't have to work very hard and I gasped I was ready, "I'm gonna cuuuuummmm!" 

I felt his hands spread my bottom and two of his fingers suddenly and easily penetrate me. I gasped, 'AAAAHHH!" I lost all control and shot my warm cum into his willing mouth in several intense spasms as he rammed his fingers into my bottom and sucked me dry. "Ahhhhhh! Ohhhhhhh! UURRGRRHhhhh! UUUURRRRGGGHHH" Fortunately, the desk was right behind me and I leaned on it, or I would have collapsed on the floor. He sucked me till I became too tender, then released me. I saw drops of my white cream running down both sides of his mouth, but he quickly licked them away. Then he sat back on the floor looking up at me with evident satisfaction on his face. He was still fully dressed, but I could see his cock clearly tenting his pants and a wet spot where his precum had soaked through.

"I liked that, and it appears you did too." He said with obvious excitement and understatement, and then stood up with no apparent effort.

I moved toward him and reached out to unbutton his shirt, but he caught my hands led me to one of the couches across the room, turned me around and bent me over the armrest. "Let me see you finger yourself while you watch me undress," he said, moving slightly to one side so I could watch him undress but where he still had a clear view of my fingers penetrating my slot, and handed me a small bottle of lube he had used on me just before I came in his mouth.

I did exactly as he asked. Squirting a liberal amount of lube onto my fingers I reached back, spread my bottom and slipped 2 fingers deep into my slot, spreading myself open for him, and pleasuring myself while I watched him undress. 

His shirt came of quickly and I enjoyed seeing the contractions of chest and arm muscles as he flipped it away and undid his belt and dropped his pants, allowing his cock to jump free. He was wonderfully shaped, nicely trimmed, and as gorgeous nude as I had thought he would be. He was slender without being skinny, muscular without being intimidating, and he was the perfect size for me. He stood there nude for a second fondling himself, deliberately giving me time to admire him. 

Impatient, I moaned in a hoarse constricted voice, "Come on, HURRY UP AND FUCK ME! I really want your cock in my bottom!"

He moved to me, and I leaned over the armrest, spreading my legs wide and presenting my bottom for him to penetrate. He smacked my cheeks lightly, and I gasped at the sharp sensation, he spread my cheeks wider, and fingered me for a couple of seconds, and I gasped and pushed back against his hand feeing the satisfying sensation of deep penetration, then he withdrew his fingers and I felt his cock press against my tingling hole. He penetrated me in one smooth stroke, as I gasped, "UUURRRGGGHHH," and shoved my bottom back onto his wonderful shaft and shot a second load of cream all over his expensive couch.