 ***Everyone in this story is fiction and is at least 18 years old or older***

*****

Jason:

The following Wednesday I decided to go to Dick's house to do my homework. I really didn't want to be home today, because my parents were being difficult. Unfortunately for me, Dick didn't get out work until 5pm, which gave me 2 hours to myself. 

After I entered the apartment I limped my way to the kitchen. Apparently, on the way here, I had suffered an injury in my foot. I wasn't entirely sure what could have caused it, I didn't misstep or trip on anything on my way here. I thought maybe it could have caused from the mile I ran today at school. The pain though was mostly in the thumb area of my left foot and only occurred when I walked. Honestly, I didn't think it was anything major so I didn't bother to go to the hospital or anything. Instead, I would hope it would be better the next morning. 

In the living room, I sat down on the futon, removed my shoes and rested my injured foot on the futon, then immediately got to work on my homework. My history teacher gave us the option to write about anything for our final, from a war to a battle, to a historical figure, etc... I chose the Dunkirk, I had just seen the movie and found it fascinating. I always knew about the event, just never really delved into it this deep. 

It was fifteen till 4 when I heard the doorbell ring. Excitement filled me as I thought it was Dick, but then I remembered he had a key. So why would he ring the doorbell? I said to myself. I was hesitant to open the door, I mean it wasn't my house, to begin with. Even though I had been coming here for months now, it still felt it rude to open the door.

The bell rang once again followed by someone saying, "Hey, you in there?" It was a voice I recognized. 

With haste, I stood up and opened the door to see a taller, bulkier version of Dick. It was his younger brother, Javi.

He smiled at me, "Hey there Champ."

"What's up," I said stepping aside to let him in. When he walked past me and I got a strong whiff of his aroma. It smelled like body wash and sweat, it was kinda arousing. He wore brown cargo shorts with a white tank top. And his Mohawk, it was good to see he was still rocking it.

I closed the door and he turned to me, "Where's Dick?"

"He's still at work. Do want something to drink?"

He shook his head and dropped his bag on the floor and sat down. After locking the door,

I made my way to the futon and sat down next to him.

"So, what I miss?" he asked turning to me. His arm resting on the back of the futon.

"Nothing much, the usual."

"That's good, you and Dick still at it?"

I smirked, "Of course we are. Actually, we had a small bump in the road," Javi had a worried look on his face. "but we got it all worked out," I added. 

"Oh really? Anything I need to know?"

I shook my head, "No, I just thought there were feelings between us. Turns out there wasn't."

"Ah, I see. Are you sure?"

I nodded, Yeah, positive," I wanted to change the conversation, "so how was your trip?"

"Oh, it was great. My buddy and I went hiking a lot. We spent a weekend in the woods and ran into a bear."

"A bear? Shut up, you're lying."

"For reals, it was huge," he raised his hands up, "It was big. It was passive though, didn't do shit. We were pretty far away from it, though. Maybe that's why."

"That makes sense, still pretty wild though."

I looked down at my book and felt Javi's hand on my shoulder. I turned to him and he squeezed lightly, "You look like you need a haircut."

I nodded. Normally, I kept my hair really short, almost like a buzzcut. "Yeah, I was going to get it done today, but I hurt my foot today at school."

"Oh yeah? What happened? Bring it here," he said slapping his thigh. I lifted my foot and rested it on his thigh.

He wrapped his big hands around my foot and pressed his fingers into my skin. 

"Does it hurt here?" he said as he moved down my foot. I explained to him that the pain was only in my toe. He moved my toe and it caused me to wince. He asked a few more questions, which I answered, and after a few minutes, he said it wasn't anything major.

He ran his hand across my foot, "You have nice feet." He began to massage my foot again. Both of his thumbs dug into my foot and caused me to jerk my head back. It felt amazing, the way he moved his fingers against my foot. I had never gotten a foot massage before and I'm regretting not getting them sooner, especially since I run a lot. He continued this for a few more minutes, I didn't even bother getting back to my homework. Instead, I gazed at him while he massaged my foot.

Our eyes met and he gave me a stare, a stare I hadn't seen before. It was like his eyes were arousing me. And they were. Suddenly I felt my member grow in my underwear.

He slowly raised my foot to his mouth and gave it a lick. I was surprised by his actions, it was something definitely new to me. Then in one quick motion, he took my toe into his mouth. I was in shock once again as he began to suck on my injured toe. Footjobs were something I had heard about many times before and always found them weird, but I had never gotten one. So today was new things apparently, foot massage and now a footjob. 

As he continued, the pain began to drift away and I began to feel pleasure. I could feel my erection wanting to break out of the tight track pants. I didn't even know you could get so much pleasure from a toe. He moved so passionately, taking my toe in and out, using his tongue to lick the underside of my toe and then the tip. If my toe could cum, it would have done so already.

Javi broke the stare and looked down to notice the erection pressing against the fabric of my track pants. Slowly, he pulled out my toe and smiled at me, then placed my foot on the futon. I slid down a bit and held myself up by my elbows as he leaned over and hovered around my crotch. He dug his fingers under the waistband of my track pants and began pulling them down until they reached my knees. He then pulled down my pink briefs and my erection sprung out towards him. He caught it with his mouth and began to suck on the head. Using his right hand, he pulled back my skin and continued to work my member. I titled my head back as shots of pleasure rode up my body. He then moved down the shaft, letting his tongue work it from underneath.

It occurred to me that it was the first time Javi had ever sucked my dick. Honestly, he was pretty good at it. It made me question his sexuality, Dick had told me that he was straight but had done a few sexual things with guys in the past for the only pleasure. But the way he sucked on my member made me think that he was more than just straight, maybe he had switched to bisexuality. Maybe, his trip with his friend changed things.

As he continued, he used his free hand to play with my balls. I thought back to the day at the beach when he was pounding my ass, I missed that, I wanted him to do it again. I wanted him to be in me once again. But first I let him continue doing what he was doing. His hands slipped under and grabbed my ass cheeks and slowly played with them. He bobbed his head up and down while occasionally taking it in all the way and then let it out with a popping sound. He gave my head a few licks before taking it back into his mouth. At this rate, I would be cumming soon. 

After a few minutes, I lifted his head, "Alright, my turn," he smiled then gave me a few more sucks. He climbed over me and was over my chest on his knees. Quickly, I undid his shorts and they dropped down to my chest. He wore boxer briefs with a watermelon design on it. I rubbed his erection a bit before I pulled down the trunks just enough for his erection to pop out. He lowered himself closer to my face and slipped in his erection. I held on to his ass as he began to slowly thrust. I had forgotten how big he was. I pulled him out of my mouth, "Come on, faster"

He simply smiled and with his left hand, he held my head as he sped up. Thrusting faster, I did my best to not gag on his massive member. After about a minute of pounding my mouth, he stopped and held my head down on his member. I held on the best I could, tearing up as I did before he released me.

Honestly, I wanted him in my tight hole already, I pushed him back and pulled down my briefs to my ankles. Javi knew what was going to happen next so he spits into his hand to lube up his cock and then again to lube my hungry ass hole.

When he was done, he lifted my legs and began to guide his member. The head of his member penetrated my tight hole. I grunted as it entered. He continued his descent into my rectum until the tip rubbed against my prostate. I shed a tear when he was fully in. Jevi then fell forward and planted his two big hands on each side of me and began to thrust. Slowly, but surely, the pain drifted away and the pleasure entered. When Javi noticed I was no longer in pain he sped up.

As he plowed into me, my hands slipped under his shirt and slowly moved up his body, feeling those abs he worked hard for. I pulled up his tank top and moved it behind his head and went back to gazing at his upper body. 

My legs then wrapped around his waist and slowly slid down his underwear. From the position I was in, I could see our reflection in the glass of the stereo system. It looked a little weird seeing his bulky body fucking my slim one but it looked hot. So hot, I kinda wanted to record it.

I pulled him closer to me so he could kiss my chest. With him distracted, I used my right hand to reach for my track pants pocket and pull out my phone. I flicked up on the screen and pulled up the camera, I flipped the camera and began to record.

Javi hadn't noticed the camera as he continued to plow my tight hole and that was good. I wanted to record this. The view was only on the waist area, which was fine, I knew it would difficult to get the full coverage.

As the recording continued, I made sure to keep his attention on me.

"Faster," I whispered.

When he sped up, I groaned. He thighs slapped against my thighs as he moved. It felt so good having a large member filling my hole. I wanted to moan loudly but couldn't due to Dick's thin walls. 

Our breathing became deeper as we both knew what was going to come next. I gripped the edge of the futon as his thrusting rocked the futon. Seconds later, he began to slow his motions and I felt the warm gooey liquid fill my hole. He let out a series of grunts as he pumped his seed into me. My hands slid down his body as he continued filling me like a donut. 

When he finally finished, I dropped my phone and told him to remain inside me. I pulled my shirt up and put it behind my head and began to jerk off while staring at his amazing body.

I didn't even last, I came within seconds. My seed shot out and scattered across my hairless stomach. We stared at each other without saying a word, we were both out of breath. 

A minute later, he pulled out and my legs fell to the floor.

"That was a nice welcome home gift right?" I said between breaths. He sat back down on the futon and smiled, then nodded. He threw me a napkin that was on the coffee table which I used to clean the cum off my stomach. Then I used another to clean my hole.

When I was done, I stared at his cock that was covered in cum, I leaned over slowly and wrapped my lips around the head. I sucked on the head and then sucked out any remaining cum. I didn't stop there however, I continued to suck him. Little by little, I would take him deeper into my mouth, my eyes got watery every time I did.

While I bobbed my head up and down his member, his hand slid across my back and made its way to my hole. He slipped in two fingers and began to finger fuck me.

It was honestly heaven what was happening right now. I wanted Dick to come home right now and quickly make it a three-way. But he wouldn't be home for another hour.

Within a few minutes of bobbing my head up and down his member, he eventually erupted in me for a second time. It was amazing how a cock can pump out so much cum shortly after a previous ejaculation. I drained him dry and then swallowed his hefty load.

I then lied on my back with my head rested on his thigh. His big hand rested on my chest, "Thank you for filling both of my holes," I said.

"No, problem. Anytime" he responded. "We should shower, don't you think?"

I nodded in agreement.

Dick:

When I came home from work today, I found a wonderful surprise on my futon. Jason was sitting next to my brother, Javi, my brother who I hadn't seen in months.

"I see you two are comfortable."

Javi stood up and gave me a big hug, "I've missed you big, bro."

I turned to see Jason on the futon wearing my brother's military shorts and noticed his new haircut, "Mohawk?" I said.

"It was your brother's idea."

I smiled, "Looks good." I turned to Javi, "I thought you were coming back on Friday?"

He shrugged, "I got a bit homesick so decided to come home early. I really missed you boys, plus I have a lot to share."

I was pretty excited to hear about my brother's vacation, "Sounds like something we should do over some pizza?"

They both nodded.

With the pizza ordered, I decided to take a quick shower and put on fresh clothes on. Jason and Javi sat on the futon, Jason continued his homework while Javi was on his phone. 

The pizza arrived shortly after I was done.

While we sat around the table eating my brother told us about his vacation out in Canada. Told us some details about his encounter with a bear. He then told me what he and Jason did earlier. I smirked as I started to picture it.

"Looks like I missed out on the fun,"

"Oh yeah, I'm sure we can fix that," Javi said.

"I bet we can, but before that, I've been wanting to talk to you about something, Dick," Jason said. Judging by his tone, it sounded serious.

"What's up?"

"So, my parents and I, well my Dad and I, had an argument."

"Everything okay?" I asked in a concerned voice. This even caught the attention of Javi, who was sitting across.

"Yeah, it's just my dad isn't happy about me going to a SoCal school. My family has always gone to the other school, it's kinda like a tradition. My mom is cool with it but my dad is being a hardass.."

"I see. I'm pretty sure the Mohawk isn't going to help."

He continued, "Yeah, I know right. But honestly, he's going to have to get with the program. It's my life and I do what I want."

I grinned as he recited the lyric from the Animal's song.

"That is true, Jason," my brother added, "but, he's still your dad. If you want him in your corner, you gotta show him respect. Talk to him like an adult, make him understand that this is your choice."

I was reminded that Javi had gone through something similar at Jason's age. My father was against my brother going into the military. He hated the fact that we were in Iraq and didn't want his son to go to the Middle East and possibly die. My coming out to my parents kinda helped his cause, with my parents being disappointed with me, they kinda loosened up on my brother and let him join the service. It was the only good thing to come out of that day.

"Yeah, you're right, Javi," he paused, "I was going to ask if it would be cool to move in with you after graduation?"

I knew that just a few days ago I had asked him to leave his clothes here, but this was a step beyond that. Honestly, I wouldn't mind it, he would be here every day and with school out of the way, we could spend more time together. Rent wouldn't be an issue since he worked for me. But I didn't want him to move out on bad terms with his parents.

"Of course, but only if you talk to your parents about it."

"Ask the permission to move out? Why?"

"Look," I glanced at my brother before turning back to Jason, "When I moved out, it was on bad terms with my parents. They were both disgusted by the fact that I was bisexual. I don't want you to have the same thing. Of course, they are not going to like it, but like Javi said, you need to talk to them like adults."

Jason nodded, "Yeah, once again you guys are right. Fuck."

"Relax, kid. Talk with your parents and then you'll move in with us," Javi said.

I craned my neck, "What? Us?"

"Well this is awkward, I was going to ask you the same thing."

My brother didn't have his own place since he had been in the military the last few years. When he would come home he would usually stay at my parent's house.

"Problem is that I only have two rooms. Of course, Jason could sleep with me in my bed while you take up the second room. But I don't think I can house both of your stuff."

The room was silent for about a minute.

"How about this," Javi spoke, "For now, the kid can stick around. We'll put his nonessential stuff in my storage. Then we'll look for a bigger place for the three of us."

"Woah, wait." I protested, "This has been my home for 3 years now."

"You have the weirdest attachment to this dump."

"Hey! This place is literally down the street from my work. I don't have to spend any money on gas or public transportation."

"Okay, relax. Seriously, though, wouldn't you want to live in a bigger place?"

I sighed. Javi was right, eventually, space would be an issue for the three of us. And I wouldn't mind moving into a bigger place. However, this place had a special place in my heart. It was the first place I moved into when I first moved out. It would be hard to move out but I guess I could manage it. I also thought about the neighbors in the corner I didn't like.

"Fine," I finally said, "but I get the master bedroom."

They both nodded in agreement.

Javi then turned to Jason "So, you graduate in a month right?"

Jason nodded.

"Perfect," Javi clapped his hands, "that will give us enough time to find a new place."

It was 7 pm when Jason decided to go home, he told us that he had some things to do with his mother tomorrow morning. Before he left, he was going to return the shorts to Javi but was told to keep them. He smiled and then left me and my brother to ourselves. However, we didn't have sex, instead, we drank a few beers and caught up some more. I missed having my brother around. He was the only family I could talk to without getting judged for my life. He was the only one who wasn't hard on me for my sexual orientation, unlike my parents.

Jason:

The next day, my foot was doing much better, still in a bit of pain but I would live. However, I went to school upset. Although my mother was okay with my new haircut, my father wasn't. He said I looked like a delinquent and that I had to get rid of it. It ended in another fight and well let's just say, I'm not doing so well. I did my best to do what Javi had told me and be an adult about it, but my father wasn't making it easy.

I decided that I would come up with a plan to deal with my father, he was being hard on me and I needed him to back off. Of course, I wasn't being the star son either, but I just had to remind myself that in a month I would be gone. I needed to keep my head in the game, I didn't want to fuck up in school and not graduate, that was the last thing I needed.

During lunch, I was walking down the empty hallways of the main building, when I heard a person call out my name, it was Jenny.

Every time I saw her, I felt less inclined to talk to her ever since that day behind the bleachers.

I turned around and saw her standing before me, looking up at me. She wrapped her hands around me and grabbed my ass cheeks, "Hey there Jason," she said with a grin across her face. "How's my video going?"

I thought about giving her the video of Javi fucking my ass, but I was still hesitant to give her a video of me having sex. So instead, I shrugged and pushed her hands away, "I don't know."

She sighed and put her hands on her hips, "What you mean you don't know?"
