 ***Everyone in this story is 18 and is fiction***

Chapter 9: Simple and Clean

Jason:

As the assistant principal and security guard walked down the row of students,, my heart beat sped up. I felt KJ's hand on my right shoulder, I turned to him and he simply winked at me. I had already done some risky stuff lately and thankfully I hadn't been caught, but my luck was probably about to run out. I whispered to KJ as the two entered my row, I was only 4 students away, "I'm worried about this"

"Don't worry about it, I got you. Stay calm." KJ whispered back.

I hoped he was right, I didn't need this. My mom would go ballistic if she found out I was having sex at school, especially with guys. I had to trust in KJ and remain calm, hopefully, this was the same security guard he paid off.

I decided to check him out as he looked through the other student's bags, he was young, probably the same age as Dick, maybe older. He was pretty cute actually, tall and slim, nice butt too. He had short brown hair and was cleanly shaven. If he was the security guard that KJ would blow on occasion, I wanted in on it. The thought of this guy naked gave me an erection, but most importantly it made me calm. I began to daydream about how big his dick was and how Dick and I or even KJ would pleasure him. I was imagining his pants dropping before me and his wonderful dick flopping out at me to indulge in.

But then, I was snapped out of my daydream when I saw the security guard standing before me, in his deep voice he said, "Bag, son" Thankfully the desk covered my now pulsing erection. I could feel the precum leaking through the fabric of my underwear.

Without looking, I grabbed my bag and handed it to him, gulping as I did. He began searching through my backpack. As he did, my erection had faded and the panic had resurfaced. I wasn't sure what I was going to do.

Then, a miracle happened, or more like KJ happened. He set the backpack back down beside me and turned to KJ, his ass right before me. Surprised, I looked down and saw my backpack was gone, replaced by KJ's. He must have switched it when I was busy nearly having a panic attack. I turned to KJ and he simply winked at me.

I saw my backpack in the hands of the security guard, he began looking through my stuff, he grabbed the tin and opened it, but didn't react to it. Instead, he put it back in and handed the backpack back to KJ. He cleared KJ and tapped him on the shoulder before moving onto the next student.

When the assistant principal and the security guard were a few students away, I whispered to KJ.

"Thanks."

"You worry too much Jason,"

"I do, by the way, is that the security guard."

KJ smirked, "He's got a nice ass doesn't he?"

I simply nodded.

I sat back properly in my chair and let out a sigh of relief. The last couple of days had been exciting for the most part. I began to think about Dick, I wanted to see him again.

After the assistant principal left with the security guard, class resumed. KJ and I went to our six periods, which happened to be our free period, so they allowed us to leave 15 minutes before. Before leaving school, KJ had asked me if he could walk with me so I let him, hoping that Sean wouldn't join us.

"So today was fun," KJ said.

"Yeah, it had its ups and down. Is Sean joining us?"

"Nope, I know you don't like him. I wanted to spend some time with you."

"Thanks again for what you did earlier."

"Don't worry about it. I went to talk to him after class, he was curious about my stuff. I didn't rat you out though. But, if you ever want to blow him, I can arrange that. He does have a nice dick after all."

The idea of blowing a security guard at school got me a bit aroused, I wouldn't mind doing that in the future. But for now, I wanted to see Dick. "Thanks, I might take up that offer in the future."

KJ cleared his throat before speaking, "So, do you love Dick?"

The question threw me off, "Yeah, well no, honestly..."

"You don't know. I didn't like Dick at first, but he's grown on me and I like how he treats you. Doesn't treat you like a sex toy, he actually cares about you. It's going to suck when you leave for college."

"Yeah, I don't know what I will do. I mean, I think I do love him. I don't know, I am like scared because I really like him but I have to leave him soon." I paused then sighed "This is the first time I've been in a situation like this."

KJ placed his hand my shoulder and turned me to him, "Look, relationships aren't easy, it's always best to take it slow. Things will work out if you let them. You and Dick have something Sean and I don't have. You can always just go to a college in the area and stay with him."

"I could, but we're already in the process of setting up the plans to go the out of state college."

KJ shrugged, "Do what you want, just know if you do leave him, make these last months worth it."

We stopped at the bus stop, "Hey let's take the bus" Kj suggested.

"Why?" I replied.

"Just, shut up and get on the bus."

We both hopped on and went to the back of the bus. We sat in the corned together, with me sitting by the window, and continued to talk.

"I don't want to leave him," I whispered to him.

"You'll figure it out dude," he paused, "In the meantime, have fun, you're not leaving tomorrow."

I then felt his hand on my right thigh, he began rubbing it slightly before moving further up to my crotch.

"What are you doing," I whispered.

"Shut up and enjoy. Keep an eye out."

"What?" before I could protest any further, my erection grew. I looked if anyone could see us and saw that the closest people to use were 3 or 4 seats away. If they turned back they couldn't really see anything because of the seats before us. KJ unzipped my pants and shoved his hand in through the hole, and rubbed my erection. As long as no one came back here, we were fine. I was a bit worried but reminded myself that no one could see back here unless they came looking.

I felt KJ pull down my briefs underneath my pants and pull out my member through the pants hole. His wrapped his hand around my member, pulled down my foreskin past my head and took it into his warm mouth. I titled my head back slightly trying not to close my eyes as he worked me. He wasn't going slow, he was moving at a steady speed. He wanted me to cum quickly. Which made sense since the bus ride to my house would be short. KJ bobbed his head up and down with my right hand resting on his head. I did my very best to let out low moans. KJ was amazing, definitely better than the previous times. Before I could even let out a light moan, my balls began to contract and my seed flowed through my erection and shot into his mouth. I did my very best not to let out any loud noise for the fear of getting caught.

He tugged at my dick to get every last drop out. When he was done he licked the head of my penis with his tongue, sending a tingly sensation up my spine. Then he sat up quietly as I stuffed my erection into my pants.

"We could have done that somewhere a bit more private," I said to him.

"True, but it wouldn't have been this hot," he said smiling. "Think about what I said."

Without saying another word he got off the seat and headed to the door of the bus. He got off at the next stop. He was right though, maybe I could go to a local school instead and stay here with Dick. I needed to see him. Like right now.

I stayed on the bus and got off at the nearest stop to Dick's shop. I walked two blocks and saw his store. I walked in and saw it was semi-full, I didn't see him at the register so he must be in the back.

"Sup, Jason," the guy at the register said.

"Hey, where's Dick?" I replied.

He simply pointed to the back room. I waved him a "Thank you" and proceeded to the back room. When I entered the back room I saw Dick standing at the table working on a board.

"Hey," I said.

He turned to me, "Sup man. How was school?"

"It was fine," I said sitting on the stool next to him. "Actually, it was very exciting."

"Oh?" he said sounding curious.

I leaned in and whispered in his ear, "Had a lot of sex."

"Nice, can't wait to hear." he continued to work on the board.

I began to think about what KJ had said to make the most of my time with him. So without any warning, I reached for his bulge with my right hand and began to massage it.

Dick stopped working on the board and smiled, "Although I'd love to have some fun, now ain't the time bro."

I smile and got off the stool and walked behind him. "Oh, I know, just wanted to give you a taste of what will happen after work."

I stood behind him and wrapped my arms around his waist, letting my bulge rub against his ass. "Someone is definitely horny today," he whispered.

"I am, I want you, Dick," I said softly. I could feel my erection grow between his ass cheeks.

"Alright," he said turning around, "Tonight alright?"

"Yeah, I'm sorry."

"Don't be, it's really hot. And I would fuck your brains out right here on this table if I didn't have customers and an employee in the other room."

"Yeah, you're right. So need any help?"

"Actually, yeah."

I helped Dick for the rest of the afternoon until closing hours. I texted my mother that I would be staying with a friend to work on a school project. After Dick closed the store we went to grab some food then headed home.

Dick:

I'm not going to lie, I was turned on by Jason's actions today. I wanted to fuck him on that table so hard but I knew couldn't. We agreed to wait though so we did. We walked onto the property of my apartment and quickly went into my home. The second we stepped into the house, without warning, Jason dropped his backpack on the ground and leaped on to me. We began to kiss. I held him up by his legs as we kissed. I carried him to the bedroom and dropped him on the bed.

"You are in quite a mood," I said. We went back to kissing for a few minutes before he rolled me on to my back. Straddling me, he removed his shirt and began to kiss my neck. My hands flocked to his slim nearly hairless body. I felt my erection pressing against my jeans wanting to get out. He lifted me up and helped me take off my shirt, then went to kissing my hairy chest. I reached around his waist and grabbed his ass cheeks. Squeezing them lightly. He kept kissing me lower and lower until he reached my bulge. I looked down at him as he licked my erection through the pants.

Jason then unbuckled my pants and pulled them down, then began to snuff my erection through my white briefs. I felt his hands go up and down my body before pulling down my briefs slightly, letting my erection spring out. As it came towards him he caught it with his mouth and began to suck on it. First working on my head for a few seconds before taking it all into his mouth. I looked down at him as my erection went deeper into his mouth, he stop, and I felt his throat muscles working the head of my penis. He held it there for a good 20 seconds letting the muscles massage my head before releasing it. We both let out a loud gasp before Jason took me back into his mouth. He passionately worked my member, he fiddled with my balls as he did. This was starting to look like the best sex I've ever had with him.

The second time he deep throat me, I placed my hands behind his head and pressed him down for a few seconds before releasing him. I could see his red face looking at me as he stroked my dick. I knew what this was, he was leaving soon and he wanted to do this before he left. I don't blame him, I would do the same. I was going to miss him, not just because of the sex, but because he was such a great guy.

My thought was cut off when he took me back into his mouth, at this rate I would end up cumming. So I let him suck me for a few more minutes before I sat up and made him stand up. Passionately, I unzipped his pants and pulled them down. I gave his erection a few licks through the fabric of his black briefs before pulling them down. I placed my right hand fingers in my mouth and gave them a few licks before I reached around slipped my fingers under his underwear. He helped guide my index and middle finger into his rectum, when I was in, I took in his dick. While my right hand worked his rectum my mouth worked on his wonderful cock. Jason moaned as I did, moaning louder than I'd ever heard him before.

After a few minutes of the double pleasure, I felt his body go stiff and his load shoot into the back of my throat. When he was done, I removed my fingers from his rectum and held his load in my mouth. He stood up and said, "Don't swallow just yet"

I nodded as he removed his pants entirely and I did the same, then he pushed me back down on the bed. Now on top of me, he whispered to me, "Give me my seed" we kissed and I did my best to give him all of his cum. When he was done, he sat on top of me and pulled down his briefs, he spat out his come into his hand and lubed up my erection with it. I had only seen a few guys do this in the past, it was hot.

He began to lower himself on to me, but then I stopped him. "Get off," he did as ordered. I brought him before the door with a mirror on it, he quickly got the idea. He placed each of his hands on the side of the mirror. I slowly entered him causing Jason to moan, when I was fully in I began to thrust. Using his waist, I kept up momentum. Jason's moans made me go faster and faster, I wanted him to have a great time. I slapped his ass to make him stiff as I fucked him. Eventually he yelled "faster," I sped up, but apparently it wasn't enough so I sped up the second he told me "faster" again. I kept going faster and faster, until I couldn't, until I felt my balls contract, until I felt my penis erupt with semen. I shot into his rectum, pumping shots of cum into his inner walls. We both were out of breath, me mostly, I slowly pulled out of his ass and stepped back. He dropped to his knees before the door.

"Are you okay?" I said as I placed my hand on his shoulder.

He turned to me, with tears in his eyes, "Yeah, I'm fine. I...I just don't want this to end."

I sat down next to him, "Hey, it's going to be okay. You're probably going to love college."

"But, I love you."

We had said those words for fun in the past, but this time, it felt real. "You love me?"

"Yeah, I thought about it. I love you Dick and I don't want to leave you."

I didn't know what to say honestly, we had been together for a few months now and we just knew this relationship was just about sex. I liked Jason and all but I wasn't sure if I loved him. He was so young, I couldn't be his first official boyfriend.

"Jason, come sit on the bed with me." we both got up and placed our dicks back into out underwear. We both lied down on the bed, I couldn't be an ass to him. "Look, Jason, I know right now you're going to a troubling time with school and college and shit, but we'll get through this."

"I know, but I want to be with you, Dick. I don't want to go to a college out of state."

I honestly didn't know what to tell him. I mean, we had only been friends for a few months and that friendship is turning into a relationship. There were feelings for him for sure, but I honestly held them down because I knew it would be risky dating someone so young. But so much has happened that that doesn't even matter anymore. I needed to support him in every way possible. Maybe I could be his boyfriend, we were basically a couple just without the title.

"Look, let's think this through entirely, maybe we can come to a solution." He leaned over to me resting his head on my chest, I placed my hand on his back and slowly rubbed it. "What if you go to a local school and then just transfer like after two years."

Jason cleared his throat, "That actually might work. I'll have to do some convincing to my parents but it might work." He sat up, "I mean, the plans aren't set and I won't be leaving for a few more months."

I grabbed his arm and guided him down next to me, "See, you worried about nothing. We got this."

He turned to me, "Yeah, we do. Like every time I'm with you I feel...I feel so like...I can't find the word"

"Simple and clean?" I joked.

We both laughed, "I never thought that song would be so relevant." Jason said.

"Yeah, but on a serious note, I know about this great community college in Pasadena. You can go there and it isn't far from here."

"Yeah, I have a few friends going there after high school too. My parents mostly wanted me to go the college in Nevada because my father went there and I have a lot of my family is there."

"I can see why they would want you to go, but they should understand it's your choice where you learn your education. You just got to talk to them like an adult, make them understand that this your choice."

"You're right. Thanks for the great sex and the advice. Today, was a great day."

Wanting to change the subject, I asked him, "So how was the sex at school today?"

"Oh man," he said excitingly. As he began to tell me about his sexual encounters with Kyle, Kj, and Sean, I saw him be calm once again. I really did like him and I wanted to make this relationship work between us. So I took a mental vow that I would do my best to be the best boyfriend for him, support him any way I can. I loved him and I didn't need to hide that from him anymore.

When he was done, I suggested we shower and watch a few movies together on Netflix. So we showered and dressed, only in our underwear of course, and lied down on the bed together.