 ***Everyone in this story is fiction and is at least 18 years old or older***

*****

Chapter 7: Summer in the City

It was a mid-May afternoon when I heard Jason's board rolling down the cement path to my apartment. I was sitting on my futon reading in the briefs with a fan at full power. It was a very hot week here in California, and the air conditioner had busted a week ago so it was miserable. 

I heard him ring the bell, so I jumped off the futon and put my shorts on. I turned the doorknob to open the door. Jason stood before me wearing a white sleeveless shirt and thin shorts that looked like the same material used in swimming trunks. He looked absolutely amazing, the sight of his growing biceps nearly giving me an erection. 

"Sup man," he said. 

"Sup, come in," I said as I moved out of the way. 

"Man, it is hot today." 

"Yeah, tell me about it. There are cold sodas in the fridge."

Jason thanked me and walked to the kitchen. I grabbed my shirt off the futon and put it on, then followed Jason into the kitchen, checking his ass out on the way. He leaned against the counter sipping on the cold soda. I open the fridge and pop one out for myself. 

"So, your brother still in Canada?" he asked. 

"Yeah, he's planning to stay two more weeks. Beats being here in this shitty heat."

"Agreed" he took a sip of his soda then looked me in the eye, "Look, I should tell you something."

"You ain't pregnant right?" I said jokingly. 

"Nah man, it's just. Graduation is next month. With that, my parents really want me to go to college. So after a nice talk with them, I agreed to go to college."

I raised my eyebrow

"Yeah but, the college I'm going to is in another state."

Hearing those words were like a knife slowly entering my back. Jason and I had hadn't been a couple but we did have a strong bond with each other. In the last couple of months we've become really good friends, can even say he's a best friend. 

"I came to tell you in person because over the last 3 months things have happened between us. Fun things. I don't want them to end but..."

Although I didn't want things to end between us, I had to let it go, I couldn't hold him back. "All things must come to an end at some point," I said throwing my hands up. 

"Yeah, I guess." Jason frowned.

I walked up to him, placed my soda on the counter behind him, then put my hands on his shoulders. 

"College can be fun, kid. Think about how much you can get there." 

"Yeah, I will miss yours though."

"And I will miss yours as well. But at least when you come back, I'll be here."

"So you ain't mad?"

"Why would I be mad? You're going to college, something I haven't done. You go to college learn some shit, have some awesome sex, then when you come back tell me all about it." 

"That sounds like a nice plan," Jason said smiling. 

"In the meantime, we could have all the fun we want until you leave. Heck, you can invite KJ to join us."

"Eh, not sure about him. He's dating this guy Sean from school."

"Wanna talk about it?" 

"Nah, I'm good," he said as he took another sip of his drink. "Is it cool if I stay here tonight?" 

"Hell yeah."

"Cool, maybe I can model the new underwear you got me." 

As we stood close to each other, I could tell that Jason could feel my breathing getting heavier. Without a word, both of our mouths reached for each other for a kiss. Jason lightly pushed me off, "woah," he said. 

"I'm sorry, it's just..." Jason cut me off, and pull me back in for a kiss. This was the first time we ever kissed each other, aside from the usual kissing of other body parts. I decided not to hold back and went in all the way. Our tongues lathered amongst each other, our growing erections rubbed against one another passionately. I felt Jason's hands reaching under my shorts and into my underwear, I stopped. 

"Want to move somewhere else?" 

"We haven't done it in your kitchen" he smiled. 

We continued this make out session for a few more minutes, our hands reaching and inspecting each other's bodies. Jason slowly pulled off my shirt then began kissing my chest slowly making it down to my waist. He then got on his knees and kissed my bulge, then pulled down my shorts to reveal my black briefs with white palm tree patterns. He licked the line of my shaft and reached the head, which he sucked on for a few moments. 

When the warm up was done, he pulled down my briefs and my penis swung out before him. Without any hesitation Jason took it into his mouth, slowly sucking from the head to the end of the shaft. I felt his nose pressing against my skin, he had learned how to deep throat and I loved every second of it. Jason pulled down half of my briefs, exposing one ass cheek, he began to caress my ass as he sucked me. 

Jason went at it for a few minutes before our session was cut short when we heard noises. The noise came from outside my window. We both dropped to the floor in worry, I then peeked my head out to see through the window and saw a few guys were talking outside. I looked more closely and saw that they were construction workers on the sidewalk. I stood up, pulled up my shorts and underwear, then walked to the window. Between the window and the sidewalk was grass and unless they were looking at this direction, they wouldn't notice us. I saw that they were going to work on the street, not sure why this late in the afternoon, but I knew they would be loud. I closed the blinds and turned to Jason, "We're good." 

Jason approached me, he was about to pull down my shorts when I told him to wait. I pulled him in for a kiss, I enjoyed kissing his soft lips. Jason threw his arms around me, I lifted up his legs around my waist and carried him to my room. When we got to my room, we dropped down to the bed and kissed some more. 

I got off Jason, then turned on the fan and threw my laptop on the bed. I searched my bedside table and pulled out a CD. The CD that held the footage of the first time I sucked Jason. I popped it into the laptop and lied down, Jason did the same. 

"What is this?" he asked. 

"Just watch."

The video started, it showed a colored aerial view of our encounter. It was empty at first then a minute later Jason and I come into view. 

"Is that us?"

"Yup."

"Wait, you recorded us?" Jason said sounding shocked.

"Actually no, I have security cameras around the store. This one caught the entire thing. Lucky, I was able to call a friend to edit the footage from work and give me a copy of this. So we're safe."

Jason sighed, "That's a relief. Is it weird that I'm getting aroused to a video of me being blown?"

"Not weird, just a bit conceited." I joked. 

I skipped to the part where I started to work on Jason's dick. Jason began rubbing his erection through his shorts, he turned to me. "Can you stand next to the bed, I would love to blow you while grabbing your ass."

I nodded and did what he asked. I moved the laptop to the edge of the bed so we could both see it. Jason kneeled before me, pulled down my shorts, then pulled out my dick and got to work. I felt his hands caressing my underwear covered ass. I ran my hands down his back as his warm lips wrapped around my dick. 

As Jason gave me pleasure, I heard the jackhammer getting to work. I knew the noise would cancel out any moans Jason and I would let out. I didn't hold back, Jason began sucking on my balls while stroking my dick, I began to moan. I turned to the video and stared at Jason's face, his facial expressions were priceless. I moaned louder as Jason sped up, he deep throat me a few times then bobbed on my head. I was close, really close.

A minute later, I buckled and shot my load into his mouth. Jason continued to suck as I 

pumped into his mouth, when I was done, his right hand squeezed out every last drop. Jason looked up and swallowed my pool of cum. I sat down on the edge of the bed and lied on my back, Jason then continued to suck my dick. I felt the tingly sensation on my tip as he did, I wasn't sure if I could take it, but he forced himself. I turned the laptop slightly so I can see it and I saw Jason's body jerk in the video, I turned to Jason and saw him watching it as well. 

The video ended and I look to Jason, "Hey, let me blow you." He stopped sucking my dick and climbed on the bed. He stood over me and slowly began to unzipped the velcro zipper on his shorts. He then slowly pulled down his shorts, first revealing the golden waistband of this briefs I had bought him. Jason continued pulling them down, revealing the salsa red colored briefs, until he fully removed his shorts. He looked absolutely amazing in them, they were snug on him.

"This is the first time I wear this pair." he said throwing his shorts off the bed. 

"You look amazing."

He kneeled down and straddled me, placing his bulge over my face. I wanted to tease him as much as I could, so I began kissing and licking his bulge. My hands moved to his ass and I began caressing it. 

I loved having sex with Jason, he wasn't like past guys. He truly enjoyed having sex with me. I would miss this so much while he was gone. 

I saw a growing wet spot on the underwear where his tip was, I knew it was time to give him pleasure. I pulled down the waistband, pulled out his pulsing member and began to suck it. However, this caused my neck to be in an awkward position. Jason noticed, he then leaned forward and held himself up with his hands, in a kneeling push up position. This gave relief to my neck which allowed me to suck him better. I wanted to finger him but I wanted to feel his nice bubble butt of an ass.

I bobbed my head on his dick for a few minutes, occasionally going fully down on him letting my throat muscles work on his head. His moans grew louder every time I did. I grabbed his ass cheeks as he began thrusting, at first starting slow then speeding up. Jason wasn't good at holding back like I was when getting blown. After a few minutes, I heard him moan as he shot his warm load into my mouth. He began to slow after each pump but continued to thrust. He finally stopped when his entire load was in my mouth, he pulled out making a pop sound and I swallowed his load. He got off his hands and sat on my chest out of breath, "That was fun," he said. 

He spit on his hand then began stroking my dick, "Fuck me,"

"Let me get a condom," but as I tried Jason moved back, pulled down his briefs and began slipping my dick into his ass. "Fuck," I said. 

Jason winced as my dick entered him, he still wasn't fully used to it. When I was fully in, he began to thrust using my chest for support. "Fuck me hard, Dick" he yelled. 

I placed my hands on his torso and began to thrust. Moving slowly at first, this was the first time he was taking it raw. 

"Faster" I heard him whisper. I did as command and began moving faster. We both began to moan as I sped up. He kept one hand on his lap with the other on his penis, he jerked off I fucked him. We stared into each other's eyes as we fucked. 

"Fuck" we moaned in unison. 

I came into his asshole, I slowed with each squirt of cum shooting out. When I finally stopped, I pulled out. The pull of cum dripping out of Jason's asshole, going down his leg and landing on my thigh. Jason jerked off, I opened my mouth in preparation to catch some of his cum. He jerked as he came dropping his pool of cum on my chest. When he was finished he leaned down and licked the pool off my chest then came up for a kiss. We continued to kiss then we rolled over onto his back. 

I looked down on my sheets seeing the stains of the cum that was on my legs, "Looks like I have to wash these sheets."

"We should shower," Jason suggested. 

I nodded, we both stood up and Jason headed to the shower. I pulled off my sheets and threw them in the laundry pile. Jason and I showered together without sex, we mostly showered to cool off. When we finished, we put on some clothes on and ate some food and watched a few movies on the couch. 

It was getting close to 10 pm and it was still hot at this time. I turned to Jason, "Man, it is really hot. Wish we could stay in the shower all night."

"Wish we could be in a pool," Jason joked, "Wait, why don't we go to the pool?"

"I'm sure the pools are closed right now." 

"We could sneak into the pool at my high school."

"Isn't it guarded?" 

"By one security guard, who usually is asleep." 

"Sounds like you've done it before." 

"A few times. We could wear those speedos."

"Fuck yeah."

Jason and I went to the bedroom and slipped on our speedos, then put shorts over them. We walked out of the apartment into the cloudless sky, walking to the high school. It only took about 20 minutes. 

When we got to the school, we climbed the fence and like a thief in the night we cautiously ran to the pool house. We got to the door to find out it was locked.

"Don't worry, I got this," Jason said. He moved to the side of the building, climbed on top of the trash can. "Come on,"

I jumped on the trash can, "what's next?"

"You lift me up and I'll get into through that window."

I looked up and saw the window was a few feet above. "You'll reach?"

"Yeah, there are bleachers on the other side of this wall."

I put my hands out and gave Jason the boost, he jumped up and grabbed onto the ledge of the open window. He climbed up and into the window. Seconds later, I could hear the door open. I hopped down and entered the building. 

The pool was massively bigger than the one by my house, "They don't cover it?" I asked as I placed my backpack on the ground.

"The cover ripped, it's supposed to get fixed soon." 

I took off my shirt then my shorts, I wore my baby blue speedos. Jason did the same, wearing his black speedos. 

"You look good in those," we said to each other. 

After swimming for 30 minutes, we began to make out in the corner of the pool. We stroked each other's dick as we did. I'd never had sex in the pool before and I was eager to try it out. I stopped kissing Jason, held my breath and dipped into the water. I untied his speedos, pulling them down enough to pull out his dick. I sucked on his dick for about 40 seconds before going back up for air. He smiled and dipped under the water, he pulled down my speedos and began working on my cock. I could feel his hands on my ass to hold himself down there. I got a bit worried after 40 seconds though but at the same time, I didn't want him to stop. My worries cleared when Jason came back up a minute later, "I can hold my breath for a long time" Jason said jerking me off. I smiled as I came in for a kiss, we began to stroke each other. 

"You know what is great about being in the pool?" I asked. 

"That we're not in the heat?"

"Aside from that, we don't need lube to fuck," I said smiling. 

I turned around Jason, resting my back on the pool wall. I pulled down my speedos then pulled him closer. I lifted my legs up, then began to pull his dick into my ass. "Come on Jason, fuck me. I know you've wanted to." 

Jason did as commanded, he began to shove his member into my ass. I felt the tip enter and then little by little the rest of him entered. This was new to Jason, he had never fucked me in the ass. To be honest, I've always wanted him to fuck me, but I've always loved fucking him more. He thrust into me slowly, I could feel his member rubbing against my prostate. 

Jason fucked me so good that night and I didn't want it to end. But like all things, it did. We were startled when we heard a door open from another side of the building. We both stopped and stared at the location of the noise. 

Jason pulled out and we both pulled up our speedos. We looked at each other and without saying a word we climbed out of the pool. I grabbed our bags and we hid near the shower entrance. We heard footsteps coming towards the pool, my heart beat faster as the person got closer. Getting caught fucking in public with a high school kid wouldn't be fun. 

We craned our neck out when the footsteps stop. I saw this young guy, around Jason's age, but taller. He wore tracksuit pants and jacket and had a buzz cut. He hadn't noticed the trail of water heading towards us. I noticed the guy wearing headphones so he probably didn't hear us in the pool. 

"I know that guy," Jason whispered. 

"Yeah? He's cute."

"Oh yeah, I've been checking him out all year. I've peaked at him in the showers sometime."

"You dirty boy," I joked. 

"He's on the swim team and well liked by people. He's pretty chill, we've hung out a few times."

"Is he 18?" I asked.

Jason turned to me and smiled, "As a matter of fact he is, I went to his 18th birthday earlier this year, but he's also straight."

"Every straight guy has a price."

"I don't think we should..." I cut Jason off. We saw the young guy take off his headphones and jacket, he was ripped. My dick enlarged as the guy began to remove his track pants, he wore white speedos. 

I whispered into Jason's ear, "I know you have a boner right now. I know you want to suck that dick of his." 

"I would love that but I don't think we should jeopardize what we have going." 

The young guy put on some goggles, a water cap and jumped into the pull. Jason and I moved deeper into the bathroom hallway so he wouldn't see us when he passed by. 

"Well kid, either we finish up in here or we add a third person to our party," I said standing next to him. 

"I don't know man, he's straight."

"True, but you said he's a chill guy. Most of the time they are really cool about things like this. Does he have a girlfriend?"

"No, they broke up like 2 months ago."

"That's in our favor. Look we'll try to get him to join our party if he doesn't well fuck and get the fuck out of here."

"He could rat us out."

"We could do the same since he's not supposed to be here after school hours." 

"True, but we'd get in bigger trouble."

"I'll figure something out."

I put my shorts back on and Jason was about to do the same when I told him not to. "Follow my lead." 

We walked down the bathroom hallway and stood over the pool until this guy noticed us. He did, he stopped swimming and stared at us. 

"Jason?" he said after he took off his goggles.

"Sup man," Jason did a friendly gesture.

"Nothing much, going for a swim. You?"

"Same, but you kinda scared us when you showed up."

The guy laughed a little, "Sorry about that dude. Who's your friend?"

"His name is Dick."

"Sup, Dick. I'm Kyle." I said Hi back, "Wanna join me?" 

"If that's cool?" I replied. 

"Yeah, it's cool. Yo Jason, nice speedos. I like that brand."

"Thanks," Jason said as I removed my shorts and we got into the pool. Kyle continued to swim while Jason and I did the same in the other lane in the pool. We swam for 20 minutes until we saw Kyle had stopped, this was our chance. We swam to Kyle who was sitting on the pool steps sipping some water. 

"So you come out here a lot after hours?" I asked him. Jason and I sat on the stairs, Jason sat a step below us having his waist in the water. 

"Yeah, mostly during the summer nights like these."

"The water is really refreshing," I said. 

Kyle nodded and drank more from his bottle. 

I decided to let Jason continue the conversation, see if he could do it. "How's the breakup?" 

"Dude, don't." Kyle said setting his bottle beside him.'

"What?" Jason said sounding a bit panicked 

"I saw you to in the pool, I know what you're trying to do." 

Fuck! This guy spotted us!.

"Look, man, I don't judge. I didn't even know you swung that way, Jason. But you know, it's your thing."

Kyle leaned back using his hands to hold him up, he looked at me. "I'm not going to lie though, I watched a for a while, I got hard. I stopped when I told myself that I'm straight. So I went to open and close the door to make a sound. "
