 ******Everyone in this story is at least 18 years old and is fictional********

*****

Chapter 4: Jason's Friend

I woke up to the sounds of pouring rain and wind pounding against my window. I opened my eyes and looked around the room. The lights were still on from last night. The sheets were covering me from the waist down. I was still in my underwear and shirt. I turned to see Jason sleeping peacefully. He wasn't under the covers just simply face down in his underwear and t-shirt. I couldn't resist staring at his beautiful bubble butt. I slowly moved my hand over his ass, I looked up at his face and saw that he was still asleep. I began to rub his ass cheeks softly trying not to wake him. While I did this my member began growing in size, I knew I would end up jerking off if I continued this. Instead, I pulled off the covers off and put them on Jason.

I looked at my clock and saw it was 8:30 in the morning. I got off the bed cautiously, not wanting to wake up Jason, and headed to the bathroom. When I got into the bathroom I began relieving myself, then brushed my teeth. 

When I was finished I made my way into the kitchen and began brewing coffee. I searched the fridge for anything I could warm up for breakfast. I found a few slices of pizza from 3 days ago, so I threw them in the toaster oven. 

While I waited for the coffee and pizza, I went to the bedroom to put on some shorts. I entered the room and saw that Jason was still asleep. I looked on the floor and found my black shorts and slipped them on. 

As I was about to leave the room, I heard Jason's voice. It sounded groggy, seeing that he had just woken up. "Morning." 

I turned to Jason, "Morning kid, I have pizza warming up. Why don't you get up and freshen up?"

Jason simply nodded then slipped out of bed. I heard the ding from the toaster over and headed back to the kitchen. In the kitchen, I brought out some plates and threw some slices on each plate. I then poured two cups of coffee and made them the way I did. I knew Jason didn't like coffee, but I figured I would make him try it. Worst case scenario I would be drinking two cups of coffee. I placed the cups of coffee on the table in the living room and went back for the plates. 

A few seconds later, Jason walked out of the bathroom and I met him halfway in the living room with two plates of pizza. I handed him one. He sat on the couch and began eating, he then noticed the two cups of coffee.

"You know I don't drink coffee," he said. 

"I know, but would you at least try it?" I asked. 

Jason chewed on his food before answering. "Fine," he said. 

Jason leaned forward and grabbed the cup of coffee. I served him the same way I took my coffee, 2 sugars and creamer. I liked it sweet, but with a hint of bitterness. 

He took a sip, "Hey, this is pretty good."

"Thanks, it's my preference." 

While we ate, we had a discussion about an upcoming comic book hero movie. We spent a good hour talking about how we were both excited about the movie. We even had made plans to go watch it together. 

When we finished, I put the dishes in the sink. Jason leaned against the counter, wearing the clothes I had given him yesterday. At that moment, I realized that his wet clothes from yesterday were still in the dryer. I ran to the dryer, retrieved his clothes and then handed them to him. 

"Thanks," he said, "I'm going to take a quick shower before I leave." 

"Cool, I'll take one after you," I said smiling. 

Jason walked to the bathroom door and stopped before opening it. He turned his head to me, smiling. "Wanna join me?" 

"Sure," I said.

I grabbed my towel from my room and headed to the bathroom with him. 

My bathroom was standard size, with the sink being next to the door. Next to it was the toilet and the shower ended the room. No windows, which I preferred. I turned the faucet on and I began to undress. I removed my shirt and so did Jason. I could see his growing erection in fabric of the shorts. I knew what he wanted. I got close to him, smiled, then pulled down his shorts followed by his underwear. His member was at full mast. I removed my shorts and underwear at the same time, with my member fully hard. We both then entered the shower fully erect. Jason put his back to the shower head, letting the warm water hit his back, while I dropped to my knees. 

I gave his manhood a good lick before I took it in my mouth. I slowly stroked his dick while I sucked the head. Jason began to let out light moans with each moment. I stopped and jerked his member, as I placed his balls in my mouth. I began to suck on them one at a time, his moans got louder. I let his balls drop from my mouth and continued my work on his penis.

After a few minutes, I grabbed the bar of soap and began lathering my index and middle fingers on my left hand. Then I placed my right hand on his right buttcheek and pulled, parting his asscheeks. I bobbed my head at a steady speed while I slipped my two fingers into his rectum. I let my fingers worked their magic as I held on to his firm buttcheek. 

We continued this for a few more minutes until I felt Jason jerk, he then let out a loud moan, as he shot his young warm load into the back of my throat. However, I didn't stop sucking on his dick, instead I pulled out my fingers, I placed both of my hands on his asscheeks and slid them down to his thighs. I wanted more cum from him, so I didn't swallow his first load. He wanted to protest as I sucked his now sensitive head, but the pleasure was too good. 

In the past, I would have guys tell me that they didn't like getting blowjobs after cumming. Mostly, they felt that the ticklish sensation that came to the head after cumming was too much. One of those guys was Mr. Otero. I've experience this sensation once before, with a girlfriend of mine who was really horny one day. I knew what they meant, but for some reason it felt good being sucked after cumming. The ticklish sensation was amazing with a good cocksucker's mouth.

I could tell by Jason's facial expressions that he was feeling the same way. I continued blowing his manhood, I could tell Jason was enjoying it a lot. So much that he had his hands on the shower walls to support himself. His knees buckled as he shot his second load into my cum filled mouth. He let out a series of loud moans with each pump into my mouth. When he finished, I made sure to suck out every last drop, then I looked up at him. He was breathing heavily, and I swallowed his double load. I felt the warm gooey seed go down my throat. It tasted amazing. 

I stood up as Jason dropped to his knees, I was thinking he was going to blow me next. But he wasn't. Instead he was on his knees recovering from blowing two loads back to back. I felt accomplished. I began to jerk myself off in front of him. When I came, he had opened his mouth, this was unexpected. I shot my warm load with some of it making it in his mouth while the rest of it made lines across his face. He swallowed and laughed as he washed the semen on his face off. 

After that, we actually showered. 

When we finished, we changed and then headed out to the living room. Jason retrieved his belongings and headed for the front door. I followed him and handed him the pair of nice briefs I lent him. He smiled and stuffed them in his bag. 

"Well kid, talk to you soon?" I said to him. 

"Of course bro," he said smiling. "Thanks again for letting me stay and for what happened last night."

"Anytime," I said to him. The rain has tapered off, but it was still cloudy. Jason left my apartment and I closed my door. I stood there recounting the events of the last 24 hours. I couldn't believe what had happened. It was unexpected, but I loved it.

The following Monday I decided to take the day off from work. I didn't really want to go to work that day, I had some cleaning to do and some bills to tend to. When I finished paying the bills, I ordered Jason a few pairs of those briefs I had given him. I looked at the clock at saw it was nearing 3 pm. I lounged around my apartment, wanting to do something. Instead I lied down my futon and watched some television. Minutes into my boring television session, I got a text message from Jason. 

"Yo, I need a favor man," it read.

"What's up?" I replied.

I waited a few seconds for the reply, "Can you meet me at my school. Would prefer to ask in person." 

Jason's high school was a few blocks away from my home. It would only take a couple of minutes to get there, plus it wasn't raining. "Sure," I replied. 

I ran to the room to put on some pants, then I headed out to the school.

I arrived 30 minutes later, mostly due to busy streets between my home and the school. I looked at my watch, it was now 3:25. This wasn't the high school I attended, but it was one I had visited several times while in school. Usually for football games, which were an excuse to have some sexual encounters with some of the students here. 

"Where you at?" I texted him. 

A few moments later, "On the P.E. field." 

I knew where that was, it was in the back of the high school. I had plenty of experiences up there. I walked through the school, as I did I would see groups of high schoolers talking. I ignored them. Eventually, I made it to the P.E. field. I remember this field being massive, much bigger than my high school's field. As soon as I got up there I heard Jason yell my name. I turned to my left and saw him coming towards me with another guy. 

Both of them wore tight black track pants with gray tank tops tucked in. The other guy was a bit shorter than Jason, had a buzzcut and was white skinned. 

"Hey man," Jason said holding his hand out. 

I returned the gesture, "What you need?"

Before answering my question he turned to his friend, "This is my good friend, KJ." 

KJ put his hand out as well, I shook it. "Sup," he said in his deep voice. 

"Hey, KJ I need to talk to Dick very quick. That cool?"

KJ shrugged. 

"Hey, follow me," Jason said. 

I followed him and we made our way to the restrooms. When I entered the bathroom, he checked the stalls and saw that there were all empty. "So, what's up?" I spoke.

"I want to buy something and it would be best suited if you bought it for me. I will give you the money."

"Sure, what is it?" I asked.

"A dildo," he whispered. 

I burst out in laughter. I had really done it, I had turned this kid gay. It wasn't my intention honestly, it was just to have fun. I never expected out blowjob sessions to go past just a blowjob. I then saw Jason's face turn red and stopped laughing.

"Hey!" he yelled.

"I'm sorry. I just didn't know your first anal would have such an effect." 

"If you're going to be an asshole about it, then I don't want the favor," Jason said in an angry tone. 

Clearly, he was serious about this, so I decided to do the same. I put my hands up, "You're right. I'm sorry. I'll do it," I then saw Jason's eyes widen, he was looking past me. I turned and saw KJ standing next to the door. Crap! 

KJ stomped his way the two of us, "Dude, WTF?" he said to Jason. 

"I told you to stay outside!" Jason yelled. 

"I had to piss, I didn't know I was coming into your little gay shit," KJ said angrily. 

"So, you heard everything?" I asked. 

"Yeah, I assume you fucked him? Dude, you're like 30? Fucking creep! I should report your ass," KJ said. 

"23, you little shit. Also, even if Jason and I had sex, which we haven't, he's 18," I retorted. 

KJ ignored me and turned to Jason. "Is this true?"

Jason didn't answer at first as if we was thinking about going with the lie. "I'm sorry, Dick." 

I couldn't believe this little shit was going to rat me out to his friend. I wasn't sure if KJ's threat was real or not. 

"But I can't lie to KJ, he's my best friend," Jason swallowed hard, "Yes, Dick and I had sex."

But KJ didn't say anything, he simply crossed his arms across his chest and continued to stare at Jason.

"Look, long story short. He sucked me, then one thing led to another. Eventually, he did fuck me."

"What!?" KJ yelled. His face turning red. 

I felt extremely out of the loop, why would this KJ kid care so much about who Jason slept with, unless...

"Wait," I said putting my hands on their shoulders. "You guys aren't?"

Jason sighed, "I wasn't honest with you Dick. You weren't my first blowjob. KJ was my first." 

Well, this was unexpected. This entire time I thought Jason was a new to all this, the blowjobs and the anal. But in reality, he had been receiving blowjobs from two people. It then dawned on me, my blowjobs must have been much better than KJ's. 

"So, you've been sucking each other's cock?" I asked. 

KJ unfolded his arms, "No, I've been sucking his cock. But apparently, I'm not good enough. And now you got fucked but this old geezer?" 

"That's enough from you," I said to him. 

Jason stood quiet, I could tell he wanted to leave. There was an awkward silence in the bathroom. I decided it was up to me to fix this, I was the one who started this. I went to the bathroom door and locked it. 

"Alright, as men. We will sort this out. It was my fault that this all happened," I said. 

KJ and Jason remained silent. He walked passed me and began unlocking the door, I slammed my hand against the door, keeping it shut. 

"Move dickhead!" KJ yelled angrily.

"Can it! I said I was going to fix this. Now sit your little ass down or I will make you." 

"What? You gonna hold me down and rape me?" KJ said. 

He was right, what was I going to do? 

And at that moment, I saw Jason tackle KJ against the restroom wall. Jason then got behind KJ wrapping his arms around him I couldn't believe what was happening before me. Jason was taller than KJ, which gave him a great advantage over him. He began to speak but was cut off by Jason's hand.

Jason waited for him to calm down, "Look, I'm sorry. I know that we haven't done anything like that in a while. Don't be mad at Dick though, I'm the one to blame." 

When it seemed that KJ had finally calmed down, Jason released him. KJ then quickly turned around and punched Jason. Square in the jaw, knocking him against the restroom wall. 

"Apology accepted, mother fucker," KJ said. He then turned around and looked at me, as if he was signaling me to move out of the way. Jason then wrapped his arms around KJ again, this time around his waist. He turned KJ to him, he then began kissing his bulge.

"What are you doing?!" KJ roared. 

"I'm sorry. Let me suck your dick," Jason pleaded. 

KJ looked like he was going to say no, but his penis had given a different answer. KJ's member was growing under his track pants. Jason pulled them down to his knees, revealing his gray low-rise boxer briefs. He was fully erect and it wanted to be released. I was getting really aroused. I needed to leave, I couldn't be here. 

Jason pulled down the underwear and out popped KJ's dick. It was big, as big as mine. Fatter than my dick, clean shaven and circumcised. His tip was a dark pink rose color. I wanted to drop to my knees and suck it, but I resisted the urge. I had to go home and think about what happened today, clearly, these two had other intentions.

Jason put KJ's dick in his mouth. I turned for the door, but I was stopped by KJ's voice.

"You're not going anywhere," he said moaning slightly. "Unless you want me to rat you out?"

He had me, I couldn't escape. I looked down at Jason sucking the massive cock. I wasn't sure what KJ wanted me to do. Sit here and watch Jason blow him?

"Well, what do you want me to do?" I asked. 

KJ said nothing at first, he stood there enjoying the blowjob. Pulled up his tank top revealing his flat stomach. He then turned to me, "I want you to suck your dick."

"Not here," I said. 

KJ grinned, "You have no choice." 

I was a bit annoyed. I started thinking of a way out of this, but every solution leads to just letting him suck me. Honestly, I didn't want to do it here. KJ's hand rested behind Jason's head as it bobbed. KJ staring at me the entire time, grinning. Waiting for my answer. 

That's when I was saved, temporarily. We all heard a knock then a voice. Both Jason and KJ looked up. Panic crossed their face, it was their coach. 

"What is going on in there? Why is this door locked?" the coach said. 

Jason jumped to his feet as KJ pulled up his track pants. We all looked at each other, not saying a word. What would we say? Jason then came up to me and whispered, "Get in one of the stalls and don't come out, until I tell you." 

I followed his orders. He then turned to KJ, "Get in a different stall until your boner leaves. I'll take care of coach." 

KJ simply smiled and followed the order. 

When KJ and I were in separate stalls, I heard Jason unlock the bathroom door. 

"Why the fuck is this door locked?" the coach yelled. 

"Sorry, I must have locked it when I came in. I have a habit of locking my bathroom door at home." Jason said nervously. 

For a few moments, there was silence. I heard the coach's steps coming closer to my stall. He had entered the bathroom and stood possibly before me. "Who's in here?" he said to Jason. 

"KJ, Coach," KJ said from one of the stalls, "I have the runs."

"That's never fun," the coach said. "Feel better quick. We have a meet this week." 

"Roger, roger" KJ said trying to sound like if he were in pain. 

I then heard the coach leave the restroom, "No more locking this restroom or you'll be running the track until midnight." 

When I heard the door close, I opened the stall. I saw Jason leaning against the restroom

wall, smiling and holding his thumb up. Across from me, KJ opened his stall. "Well, that was fun. Sadly, we can't continue here," he then walked to the sink and washed his hands. Through the mirror he stared at me, "How about we finish at your place?" he said grinning. 

I was already in deep, so I thought what the hell. If KJ wanted to out me, he would have done so to the coach. "Fine," I said. 

Jason, KJ and I left the high school and walked in silence to my apartment. When we got there, KJ ran in. He turned around, taking a good look at my apartment. "Nice, apartment," he said. He then sat on the futon, "Why don't we have some fun?" 

I closed the door and went to the kitchen, grabbed a bottle of water from the fridge and drank it completely. At this point, there wasn't any going back. Plus, I did want to suck KJ's fat cock. 

Jason remained standing next to the tv while KJ sat on the futon. "So, Dick," KJ said to me, "Where do we do this?" 

I sighed and pointed to my bedroom. "It's more private than the living room." 

I guided him to the bedroom, he entered and I waited for Jason to do the same. He looked around the bedroom then sat on the bed. "Nice bed. Is this where he fucked you, Jason?"

"Yeah," Jason muttered. 

"Cheer up, buddy. All is forgiven now. We're going to have a nice threeway," he said excitedly. 

"Are you even 18?" I asked. 

KJ pulled out his wallet and showed me his wallet. I looked at it and he was telling the truth, he was 18. I was in the clear and handed him back the ID. 

KJ stood up and dropped his backpack to the ground, Jason did the same. Jason then stood before KJ and dropped to his knees. He pulled down the track pants, then pulled out KJ's dick. It wasn't erect, so Jason would have to work it. He then put it in his mouth and slowly sucked it. Within seconds, KJ was fully erect, the 7-inch dick filling Jason's mouth. Jason began to bob his head at a faster motion. 

After a few minutes, KJ pulled out his dick. Saliva dripping from his dick and Jason's mouth. He then turned to me, he looked down at my crotch, he could see the erection in my jeans. I went up to the bed and lied down. Jason and KJ did the same. KJ lied next to my crotch, he unzipped my pants and pulled down my pants to my knees. I was wearing bright red briefs with a gold waistband. He saw my erection and began to rub it, there were stains in the underwear from precum from earlier in the bathroom. He pulled down my underwear and out flung out my dick. He grabbed it and began lightly jerking it. He signaled to Jason to get on the bed, which he did, lying down at the foot of the bed. 
