 ***Everyone in this story is fiction and is at least 18 years old or older***

*****

Brothers in Arms

I felt a bead of sweat trickle down my back as my brother stood before me. His arrival was unexpected, having him here with KJ and Jason could cause a problem. My train of thought was cut off when he embraced me with a hug. 

"Javi!" I said as I embraced him in a hug. 

"Hey big bro, I've missed you," he said. 

After we hugged I invited him inside. I kept my eyes on the bedroom door to see if Jason or KJ would pop out. I did my best to keep him away. Javi meeting the boys would be a problem. 

"So, what is up?" I said sounding weird. 

Javi dropped his bag on the futon, "Nothing much big bro. Currently off tour, man. Came to chill with my big bro."

"That's awesome, would love to hear about your tour, well whatever I can be told."

Javi snickered, "I have stories bro."

"Who picked you up?" 

"I took a taxi, I know mom or dad wouldn't pick me up. Hey, is it cool if I could use the bathroom? Been holding it the entire ride."

"Yeah, of course. It's down the hallway." 

With the bathroom being next to the bedroom, I began to panic. But after a few tense moments, I let out a sigh of relief, he went to the bathroom without issue. 

With him, in the bathroom, I needed to take this time to get them out. I went to the door and opened it, I saw Jason and KJ fully clothed, they knew what was happening. I put my finger to my mouth to indicate to be quiet, they nodded and slowly walked out my room and headed towards the front door. Before they left, Jason mouthed "I'll text you" and I simply nodded. 

After they left, I locked the door and out came my brother. I went to the kitchen and grabbed us some beers. We popped them open and began to drink. We spent a good three hours, and a few beers, catching up. He told me about his encounters in the middle east and the dangers he'd come across. To be honest, the military wasn't my thing. I don't think I could have been a good soldier, but my brother, on the other hand, he was made for this. He enjoyed serving his country. 

With all the talking we did we lost track of time. We decided to go to sleep. I offered him my bed to sleep on, but he simply replied, "The futon is alright bro. I've slept on less." 

Javi got up off the futon, "Now, if you don't mind. I would like to change."

I simply nodded as he began to undress. My brother and I had always been close, with only being two years apart. During high school, when I was starting to find myself out, he and I had experimented. I was 14 and he was 12. It was just oral at the time, eventually, I found other people to try out with, but he will always my first. As we grew up, we never did anything, even when we shared the same bed. He also never gave me shit for being bisexual, in his mind he saw it as an advantage, more sex. 

Javi stood up and removed his jacket and pants, he wore a white t-shirt and white boxer briefs. My brother worked out, he wasn't super buff like wrestlers, but he was buff. Lean buff to be correct. He was always good looking but I never really bothered trying to do anything with him, but then again this was the first time seeing him like this. I got horny. 

He bent down, showing his nicely shaped ass to me. I looked down at my crotch and saw I was hard, I needed to hide it somehow. I began thinking to myself, what was I doing, first having sex with two high school guys and now wanting to have sex with your brother? I couldn't believe I was thinking these things. Javi found his shorts and slipped them on, they were pretty short only covering half his thigh, but they looked good on him. 

I had put my hand on my crotch to try to cover my erection. He sat down next to me, turning to me, "So, how's the sex life?"

That question didn't help my situation. I answered slowly, "It's been going great."

"Oh, yeah?"

"Yeah, not dating anyone at the moment but been having these hook ups. It's been great."

Javi scratched his balls, "Man, it's been so long since I've had anything man. The desert is bullshit."

"I bet," I said taking a drink from my beer. I wasn't sure if it was the beer talking or me being horny, it could have been both. I asked him, "Would you like a blowjob?"

He turned to me and didn't say anything. I got nervous, immediately regretted what I said, I was hoping he would take it as a joke. 

"Sure, why not, " he said putting his hands up.

"Shit," I said relieved, "I thought you were going to punch me or something."

"Why would I punch you, bro? We've done it before, nothing wrong with it."

"You still remember?" 

"How could I forget my first blowjob at 12? I'm sure you've gotten better with the plenty of men you've been with." 

I chuckled, "Yeah, maybe."

"To be honest, I've met some guys who have done it to each other. Hey man, when a man gets horny a man gets horny," he said laughing. 

I hadn't noticed his erection in his shorts, it had been years since I had seen his dick. I was curious on how bigger it might have gotten. I put my drink on the coffee table and kneeled before him. He adjusted himself on the futon as I slipped my fingers under the waistband of his shorts and pulled them down to his ankles. His erection was point north in his boxer briefs and it wanted to escape. I licked the shaft through the fabric of the underwear. It was massive, I felt it was longer than mine with a little more girth.

I pulled it out, grabbed it with my right hand, lightly jerking it. I put his balls in my mouth, sucking on each one. Then I put his uncut member in my mouth, I put it all the way in before doing the first suck. I was happy that it didn't make me gag, meant I could deep throat him. I lightly sucked him while my hands were moving up his body towards his chest. I could hear him breathing a bit heavier. 

I bobbed my head at a higher speed as he began to breath harder. I began to hear the moans getting louder with each second. I swallowed his dick, the tip pressed against the back of my throat and let my throat muscles massage the tip. I loved deep throating guys, their facial reactions are always priceless. He let out a loud moan as I deep throated him. 

I took a breather and jerked his saliva covered dick. "Man, you did get better didn't you?" he asked

I nodded. 

Javi stood up before me, he wanted to finish standing up. It was my preferred method honestly, it allowed me to grab their ass and finger them while blowing. I wasn't going to finger Javi, I wasn't sure if he would like it. 

I continued sucking his massive 8 in a half inch rod. I slipped one hand under his underwear to feel his ass cheek as I sucked him. My other hand was on his balls, fondling them while I pleasured him.

Moments later, I felt him jerk and let out his warm load in my mouth. He moaned as he came. I could feel each pump hit the back of my throat, I honestly didn't want it to end. It did however and when it was done, he had left a hefty load. I pulled my mouth off his dick and swallowed his load. 

I looked up at him, he was breathing hard. "So, what you think?"

"What do I think? I think it was one of the best blowjobs I've ever had," he said laughing. 

He pulled up his underwear and left his shorts on the ground. I stood up before him and he looked down noticing my erection. 

"You going to do something about that?" he asked. 

"Yeah, probably go to my room and jerk off, if that's okay." 

"Dude, go ahead."

I walked into the room and closed the door. A second later, I see my brother come in, "Why don't I suck you off?"

"Dude, you did it like 9 years ago. If I remember correctly, you weren't good at it." 

"Didn't I make you cum?" 

"That's because the first person who gave me a blowjob wasn't good at it, you were a bit better and I didn't know how to control my load." I said jokingly. 

"I still made you cum though, it shouldn't be that hard though."

Javi got down before me and pulled down my shorts, I still wore the bright red briefs from earlier. He then pulled them down in one swift motion. He stared at it, "I see I am not the only one who is big in this family." 

"Yeah, I.." I didn't finish my sentence because he took my member into his mouth. He started slowly. I began to pant with each suck, it felt great. He got better, much better. I began to think, maybe while on tour he had some sexual experiences. Javi began sucking aggressively, he was really good at it. Moments later, against my will, I came in his mouth. I felt my load shooting hard out of my dick. When I was done he continued sucking out every last drop before swallowing my load. 

"What the fuck?" I told him.

"Like I said, when a man gets horny a man gets horny." 

He sat me down on the bed and continued sucking me for a few minutes before he stopped. He raised my legs, tossed his hat off, revealing his short mohawk. He then did something I would never have thought he would do. He began to lick my ass hole. Before I could even protest, I felt the pleasures hit the back of my head. He was good, really good. 

I never was into rim job, they weren't my thing. This was the first time ever in my life that I was getting one. He continued for a few minutes then he stopped. Stood up, removed my briefs than hung on my left ankle, and pressed his pelvis against my ass. "You have any condoms and lube?"

He wanted to fuck. I slipped my hand under the pillow and pulled out the tube from earlier and a condom. I had taken out a few in the event we needed another one. I handed them to him. He pulled out his dick, slipped the condom on and lubed both my ass hole and his dick. To be honest, I was nervous. I hadn't had a dick this big in my ass.

He raised my ass off the ground to be level with his crotch. He began pushing his dick in, I grabbed the blanket when the head went in, it was big. He continued cautiously until he was all the way in. I felt him began to lightly thrust. I could feel his member going through my entire body with each thrust. We both began to pant, I told him to go faster. He grabbed onto my legs that hung over his shoulders and began to thrust faster. I was so lost in pleasure that I couldn't move, all I could do is feel every inch of him penetrating my body. I loved it, I wanted more. 

Javi was thrusting at a high rate of speed that the bed shook violently. I did my best to hold on. Then a few wonderful moments later, we yelled as he came into the condom. He was still thrusting while he came. When he stopped he slumped over me, laying his head on my chest. We were both out of breath, that had been the best hardcore sex I ever had and I wanted more.