 ****Everyone in this story is fiction and is over the age of 18****

Chapter 10: Ain't Talkin' Bout Love

Dick:

The next day, Jason and I woke up at 6:45 am. We didn't even discuss the events of last night, instead Jason jumped in the shower and I went to get breakfast going. When he was done, he got dressed and we sat down to eat together. While we ate, we talked about this show that we both liked that was making its return. I honestly thought that he was going to bring up what happened last night, but at the same time I figured he was a bit embarrassed about it. I felt a little bad about it honestly, I didn't like Jason in that way. Yeah, we had been having sex for a few months now but I mostly saw him as a friend with benefits, but clearly, he felt something else. I wasn't sure how to tell him this without breaking his heart, I didn't want to push him away. Seeing that he wasn't going to bring it up, I decided to do the same. I wanted more time to think about it, maybe I was just pretending I didn't have feelings for him or maybe I didn't have any at all. I brushed the thought away and continued to eat with him.

During the morning conversation, I told him that maybe he should leave some clothes here since he stays here so often, instead of carrying an extra set of clothes in his backpack or wearing the same clothes from the day before. I couldn't believe I was asking him this now when I should probably have asked him like a month after he started doing that. He thought it was a great idea and agreed, it then hit me that I was basically asking him to do the couple thing. Asking him to leave his clothes here, we were in an unofficial relationship already. We continued to eat and talk, not even bringing up the subject. When we were done, Jason left for school. With him gone, I washed the dishes and stepped into the shower.

While in the shower, I thought about what happened last night. The sex was so passionate, the most it had been in months, the last time it was like this was when I first fucked Jason. I then thought back to the first time we had sex, the time when I gave him a blowjob in the workroom of my shop. The mere thought made my penis arise, I began to jerk off but honestly, I always had issues doing it without porn. So I stepped out of the shower and walked to my room naked and wet. I grabbed my laptop and walked back to the bathroom, eager to stroke myself. I placed the laptop on the counter, turned it on and played the video of our first encounter. I stepped back into the shower and jerked off to the video. I came a within minutes, making sure I came the same time Jason did in the video.

When I was done, I continued to shower and finished a few minutes later. I reached out for a towel and noticed the one I had grabbed was still wet, it was the one Jason had used earlier. I brought it closer to my face and smelled it, smelling the combination of his body odor and the body soap he had used. I sighed and thought to myself, What the fuck am I doing? I threw the towel into the hamper and grabbed a dry one. I dried myself and went to my room to change.

While I changed I thought more about it and decided I needed to talk to someone and I knew exactly who. I finished changing and called work telling them I was going to take a day off again. I then called for an Uber and began to lock up while I waited.

The driver arrived 5 minutes later, I got into the car and headed to Pasadena. The person I was going to go visit was an old middle school friend of mine by the name of Dante. He was a great guy and always had the best advice, I would occasionally give him a blowjob as well. He made his money being a YouTuber, playing games and doing silly challenges. He had a great fan base as well. They would send him some weird and awesome fan mail. I remember a fan had sent him this MechaGodzilla model, which was worth over $500. 

Twenty minutes later, I arrived at his house in the hills of Pasadena. It was a single story white house with a pool. A little-known fact, Dante was the person who lent me the money for my skate shop. I did eventually pay him back and have always been grateful for his loan.

I walked down the stone pavement to the front door and knocked. I stood there waiting for about a minute before the door swung open. Dante stood there with his red robe with gold trimmings. His hair and skin were wet, he must have been in the pool. He smirked at me, "It's mother fucking Dick, come on in bro."

I smiled and stepped in, he wrapped his arms around me for a hug. Smelling the

chlorine from his long hair brown hair. "How you been?" he asked.

"Uh fine, you?"

"You know me, I'm always fine," he said closing the door behind me. "You want something to drink? Soda? Beer? Wine?"

"I'll take a beer." We walked into the kitchen and I sat on the stool at the counter. He opened the fridge and pulled out two beers, he uncapped them both and slid one to me. We both took a sip of our drinks. He then bent over the counter and held himself up by the elbows. "So, what brings you to my neighborhood?"

I took another sip of my beer then set it down, "I need your advice."

He stood up and pulled the ashtray towards him. He then stuck his hand into his robe pockets and pulled out a pack of cigarettes. He offered me a smoke but I declined, he then lit a cigarette and took a puff. "Alright shoot, man. I'm listening."

I took a deep breath and gathered my thoughts, then spoke: "For the last few months, I've been having sex with this 18-year-old high school kid." Dante raised an eyebrow but I continued, "Well last night, after some awesome sex, he told me that he loved me. The problem is, I don't think I love him back."

Dante scratched his pointy bronze colored goatee, "and why is that?"

I simply shrugged, not knowing the exact answer.

"Maybe, you do love him but those feelings are being held down by something else."

"Like what?" I said before taking another drink from beer.

Dante leaned down before me, "The fear of dating a high schooler. Although, he's 18, he's still in high school and that is still taboo in most cases."

Dante had a point. Maybe I was too scared to date him for the fear that our secret would come out one day. It was already bad enough that KJ and my brother knew, but I trusted my brother, KJ on the other hand I didn't trust entirely. Jason was a young guy and I didn't want to break his heart, whatever feelings he had for me, there were genuine. "You could be right."

"I could be, I could be not. Tell me more about the two of you."

I started retelling the events of Jason and I's friendship, from the first encounter at the shop and to the latest encounter. I made sure to tell him about the times we just hung out and didn't have sex.. By the time I was done, he had finished two cigarettes.

"He's graduating soon right?" Dante said.

"Yeah."

"I say, talk to him and hold off until graduation. Maybe, knowing he's no longer a high school student will trigger some feelings for him. Think of it as a limiter being removed."

Could it really be that easy? I thought to myself. Maybe I was just overthinking it. "Alright, I think I can do that."

"Or you can just be a couple and maybe your feelings for him will blossom. Either way, until then, have more sex, maybe he's just in love with the sex. I do remember you giving a good blowjob." he said smiling.

"Maybe," I chuckled.

"It's not a maybe that you give good blowjobs, it's a fact." Dante said slipping his hand into this robe pockets, I could see him rubbing his package. I knew what he wanted.

"Do you want me to..." but before I could finish he said, "Yeah, just don't take too long, I do have to stream in an hour."

"I could always blow you during the stream." I suggested.

"Although that would be fun, I doubt I could hold back a moan."

Dante walked around the counter, unwrapping his robe as he did. He sat on the stool across from me, with his right elbow resting on the counter. I saw his slim tan hairless body sitting before me, he wasn't buff, just slim like me. I got off the stool and knelt before him, my face buried into his crotch, trying to take in his aroma, which unfortunately was masked by the chlorine from the pool water. His speedos were still wet, so I passed on the sucking on his dick through the fabric. I slipped my fingers under his waistband and pulled them down just enough for his 7 inch erection to pop out. I always enjoyed sucking on his well endowed member. Without using my hands, I took his uncut cock into my mouth slowly sucking on the shaft. I placed my hands on his hairless thighs, caressing them for a few seconds, before moving them to his ass. Dante lifted himself up slightly, allowing me to cup and squeeze each butt cheek. He held this position while I began to bob my head up and down. I kept up the momentum for the next several minutes, taking in every inch of him into my mouth. At times I would deep throat him, letting the muscles of my throat massage the head of his member. This caused Dante to let out a series of moans, each getting louder as every moment passed. I popped him out of my mouth, gasping as I did, and stared at the saliva covered member. I used my left hand to stroke him lightly. I then reached down for his balls and sucked on one for a few seconds before moving the next one. As I sucked on his balls and stroked his penis, I looked up at him, staring as his face. His facial reactions were great to look at, he was gasping as if he was trying to hold back his load. I could see that Dante was really enjoying it and was also doing his best not to cum early, even though clearly he was close I wanted him to hold back the best he could so I can challenge myself, I wanted him to explode into my mouth after such restraint.

I let his balls drop out of my mouth, then wrapped my right hand around his shaft and took him back into my mouth. Working the head and the shaft passionately and hastily, moving up and down, letting my tongue work the shaft. 

Dante whispered, "Uh, I'm gonna cum." This made me to pick up the speed. He then placed his hand on the back of my head before I felt him buckle and yell out a long and slow "fuck." The load shot out in a series of blasts, colliding with the walls of my mouth. After a few seconds of filling my mouth, he finished, and I continued to stroke him to get out every last drop.

When I was done, Dante pulled out and smiled at me. I then swallowed the hefty load, feeling it slide down my throat. I stood up before him as he put his penis back into his speedo and closed his robe. "As usual, fucking amazing."

"Any time," I said, smiling back.

"Now, I have to get ready for a stream."

I noticed that my penis was still hard and probably leaking precum into my underwear. Unfortunately, Dante has never sucked my dick before and I don't think he was going to start now. So I'd have to either jerk off or clean myself off in the bathroom. "Hey, is it cool if I could use your bathroom?"

"Yeah, go right ahead." he said pointing to the bathroom door, which was across from the kitchen.

Dante walked back into the kitchen and began searching through the fridge. With him in the kitchen I entered the bathroom and quickly unzipped my pants, I could see the precum leaking into my lime green briefs. I turned on the faucet and let it run to get hot water, I didn't want to wet my member with cold water. I took it out and lightly stroked it, getting out the precum. Using toilet paper, I squeeze out the precum onto it and cleaned it. I then tossed it in the toilet and grabbed more toilet paper, I wet it with warm water and cleaned myself. When I was done, I threw it in the toilet. Next, I removed my pants entirely and removed my underwear. I placed it in the sink and wet it all, and semi-washed it with soap. I know it wasn't wise to use hand soap, but I did the best I could with what I had. When I was done washing it, I did my best to squeeze out all the water, leaving it damp. I knew I couldn't put them back on, so instead I folded them so I can put them in my pocket. I dried my pelvis off and put my pants back on, then placed my damp underwear in my pocket. I washed my hands and stepped out to see Dante walking to his office at the end of the hallway. "Hey, Dante. Is it okay if I stay here for a few hours?"

"Yeah, go ahead, the living room is yours. Just don't make a lot of noise is all I ask."

"You got it and thanks."

I honestly didn't want to go home just yet, I knew if I went home I would be bored and horny. So I would just stay here for a while, think about some stuff and relax. I stepped out into the pool area and looked for a clothes line. I found one to the side of the pool. I grabbed two clothespins and hung up my underwear in the sun. I then heard Dante yell out, "Yo, I'm going to shower." I yelled back an "okay"

I went back inside the house and into the living room. I began looking through his massive movie collection, he had VHS tapes, DVDs and Blu-Rays. Some movies were in all three formats, he was a massive movie fan. I eventually chose a movie to watch, one that was directed by the great Michael Mann called, Heat. I turned on the TV, placed the blu-ray in the player and went to the kitchen to grab another beer. I then sat back down on the couch and pressed play.

5 minutes later, Dante walked out of the restroom, I turned back to see him naked with a towel over his shoulder. I smiled and he smiled back, "I love that film," he said.

"Yeah, me too. It's fucking great."

"Enjoy, also there are chips in the cupboard and dip in the fridge if you want."

"Thanks," I said.

Dante turned and walked towards his office. I couldn't resist staring at his bare ass he did. When he was in, he closed the door and I went back to watching the movie. I lowered the television so it wouldn't bother him.

During the movie, I received a text message from Jason. I opened it and saw it was a dick pic. With the text "He misses you." It looked like he was in the bathroom stall.

I stared at the picture for a few seconds before deciding I wouldn't reply just yet. Instead, I tossed my phone on the other couch and continued to watch the movie.

Jason:

In my U.S. Government class, I sat there waiting for Dick's reply, but after 5 minutes of no response, I put my phone away. I went back to listening to the teacher talk about the Government. Dick must have been busy or something for him not to reply, maybe dealing with a customer or working on a board. I sat back in my seat and began thinking about the events of last night, on how passionate our sex was. My erection grew in my pants but, luckily no one was able to really see it. My thoughts then lead to my confession of love to Dick, I honestly felt embarrassed. Maybe I revealed it too early, I mean he didn't even bring it up at all this morning. But I did feel a bit of comfort knowing the fact that he wanted me to leave clothes there. I sighed, as usual, I was overthinking this. I decided to brush it all off and brought my mind back to class.

Half an hour later the bell for lunch rang. I walked out of class and headed towards the food area. While standing in line I felt a tap on my shoulder. I turned to see my friend and teammate from track and field, Jon. He was a year younger than me and we had been friends for quite a while.

I say to him, "Hey, Jon."

"Hey man, you going to the fundraiser?"

I raised a brow, "What fundraiser?"

"The one at the Pappa Nappa's Pizza, it's for the cheerleaders. Everyone on track is going and taking a date. Well, except for KJ, because he's an ass.' he leaned in closer to me and whispered, "Don't tell him I said that."

"Why is that?" I said curiously.

"He's kinda crazy man, I've seen him fight."

I laughed, "You're taller than him, you can take him."

"I'd rather not. That guy doesn't hold back, man."

"Yeah, he is quite crazy when he's angry." I replied.

"So you going?"

"No, I think I'll pass. Don't have a date." I could have always taken Dick, but it honestly would be weird taking him when everyone else was taking a date.

"I think I can change that," he said moving closer to me again. I could smell his cheap body spray. "My sister, Jenny, has a crush on you." I knew Jenny, she was in one of my classes and she was the same age as me. I always had a crush on her, but never really acted on it.

I was thrown back by the information. "Oh really?"

"Yeah, she just hasn't found the courage to do anything about it."

"I see, I think I'll still pass."

He then placed his hand on my shoulder and squeezed lightly, "Look, my sister came home quite upset yesterday. And I honestly just want her to be happy, man. So can you do me this favor?"

"Uhh, well" that's when he squeezed my shoulder, "Ouch, fine, I'll fucking do it." 

He released me and I rubbed my shoulder, "Thanks man, I appreciate it," he said casually. Like if he hadn't just coerced me to do something.

We continued to talk while in line for food. When I got my food, I departed to the school garden. Jon told me that Jenny would always eat in the garden. On my way to the garden, I checked my phone for any messages from Dick and saw none. I sighed and put my phone away.

When I arrived at the garden, I saw Jenny sitting on the bench at the far end, by herself. I walked up to her, seeing that she had her face buried in the book.

"Hey, Jenny," I said to her.

She lifted her head up, only showing her almond eyes at first, then after she saw it was me she placed the book down on her lap. "Hey, Jason."

"Is it cool if I sit with you?" I asked.

"Yeah, go ahead," she said as she moved her back pack to the other side of the bench. I sat down next to her and placed my food on the side.

"So how you doing?"

"Could be better, but doing alright. Let me guess, Jon, sent you?"

She must have known her brother very well for her to guess it quickly. "Yeah, how'd you know?"

"I told him to."

I was confused. "Why is that?"

"Because, I had a crush on you, until yesterday."

"What happened yesterday?"

"Don't play dumb with me Jason. I saw what you were doing with KJ and Sean yesterday."

Panic filled my chest, I couldn't believe that someone saw us. I could have sworn that we were alone. She however only mentioned KJ and Sean, not Kyle, so she didn't see Kyle at least, which was the only good thing about this. "I'm not sure what to say."

"I could have turned you in, you know, but I didn't. It all makes sense why you never made a move on anyone. You're gay, and honestly, that's fine."

"I'm not gay," I retorted.

"The evidence states otherwise."

"I'm more bisexual actually."

"So you're still into girls but also into guys. Kinky, I can respect that."

"A friend of mine, who is also bisexual, said it's like having fun on both sides of the fence."

"Interesting view," she said placing her textbook aside. She then turned to me and smiled, "So do you have a crush on me too?"

"Yeah, kinda."

"Are you in a relationship with KJ and Sean?"

"No, no, hell no. Sean is too much of a fucking weirdo to be in a relationship with. And KJ, although he's my best friend, he's too much an ass to be my boyfriend."

"I can agree with you on both sentiments."

There was a moment of silence between us. I couldn't believe that she saw us back there, I felt even more embarrassed than before. Thankfully she hadn't told anyone otherwise I would be in deep water.

I broke the awkward silence with a question, "So did you see the whole thing?"

She thought about it for a few seconds before answering, "I came in when you were on your knees before KJ and Sean."

"I see, weren't you disgusted?"

"A bit actually, I was quite upset."

"I'm sorry for doing that to you," I said placing my hand on her shoulder. I immediately felt stupid for doing so, I felt like I was comforting a friend after a loss or something.
