 Chapter 6: Beach Day

***Everyone in this story is fiction and is at least 18 years old or older***

*****

The next day I woke up to my brother's head resting on my shoulder. I slightly pushed him off, trying not to wake him. I glanced at the clock and saw it was still early in the morning. About 24 hours earlier, I was in the same position with two guys. Now, I am in the same bed with my younger brother. I slipped out of bed and stood naked. I searched for my underwear and found them, I slipped them on. 

I first went to the restroom to wash up, then to the kitchen to brew some coffee. It was still early, the sun wasn't even up. I grabbed my phone checking if I had any messages. I had two from Jason, he was wondering who the guy was. I wanted to text him, but I wasn't sure if he would be awake. I decided to text him anyway, he would reply when he woke up. 

When the coffee finished brewing, I took two cups to the room. I entered to see my brother was still asleep, I honestly figured he would be up by now, due to his military routine. I put both cups on the bedside table and sat on the bed. I slowly pulled down the sheet to reveal his bare muscled shoulders. Javi only had underwear on, the last I remember was him cumming and we both lied on the bed until we fell asleep. I moved my hands across his broad shoulders then slowly moved down his spine. It felt good, I loved every moment of it. 

A few moments later, he woke and whispered, "While you're at it, you should give me a massage."

I remember when my brother and I were younger we would give each other massages. It's what lead to our first sexual encounters.

I pulled down the sheet to his waist and sat on his ass. He adjusted himself as I began doing work. I started with his shoulders, slowly working at the knots. After a few minutes, I slowly made it to his lower back. That is when I noticed my erection in my underwear. Javi had also noticed, he moved up a bit exposing his underwear covered ass, he lifted up and began rubbing against my erection. 

I was about to pull out my dick when he whispered, "no." 

I listened to him as he kept rubbing his ass against my crotch. I felt my underwear getting wet from the precum dripping down=-. The tip of my penis was under the waistband of my underwear, my dick sliding between his ass cheeks slowly. I tilted my head up as he continued. A few moments later, my load shot out, leaking through the waistband onto his underwear. I moaned quietly with each pump. I looked down to see my pool of cum on his white boxer briefs. 

I had never dry humped before in my life, it was amazing. I never thought it would be this great. 

I got off the bed, "Sorry about your underwear," I told him. 

Javi slowly got off the bed, trying not to spill any on the floor. "It's alright bro, let's just say you owe me some new underwear." he winked, "you look amazing in those by the way." 

"That was amazing," 

"Thanks, I had a guy do that to me before, always wanted to try it for myself." Javi pulled off his underwear, crumbling it into a ball. He stood before me naked, his dick dripping with precum. I felt obliged to suck him clean, "Coffee?" I said handing him the cup. 

He grabbed it and took a sip, "perfect." 

"You take it black?"

"Yeah, I got used to it."

I simply nodded as I got down on my knees. He was semi hard, so I had some work cut out for me. I jerked him off a bit while I sucked on his balls. When Javi was fully hard, I began working on his dick as he sipped his coffee. I bobbed my head on the tip, while my hands moved around to his ass cheeks. I could hear the slight moans coming from him. I moved a steady speed, occasionally moving down his shaft. I enjoyed sucking on big heads, of course, there was the downfall of them cumming faster but honestly, it was worth it. 

Although I was sucking at a steady speed, eventually my brother came into my mouth. His warm load splashing against the back of my throat, when he finished I swallowed the pool. He finished his cup of coffee and smiled. 

Javi went to the living room and grabbed his towel, then headed to the restroom. "Gonna shower," 

I nodded as I drank my coffee. 

After my brother showered, I did the same. Then we sat down to eat breakfast and watched some of the news. We were sitting on the couch when we saw what the weather was going to be like, it was going to be very hot.

"Hey, we should go to the beach," Javi suggested. 

I hadn't been to the beach in years and it would be fun to cool off. "Fuck yeah, let's go." 

"Cool, have any extra trunks?"

"Actually, I don't have any trunks." 

"We'll buy some then."

"Alright, let me get ready and call the shop." I got off the couch and went to the kitchen to call the shop. After the phone call I got a text from Jason, "Hey, I don't feel like going to school today. Is it cool if I stay at your place?"

This was a bad idea, "Dude, you should stay in school."

"It's a half day for some incident, there is going to be some boring thing in the auditorium. Please?"

"I won't be home though, going to the beach with my brother."

"Dude! Let me tag a long please?"

I didn't condone ditching, but honestly, I used to ditch a lot when I was his age. Plus, he did say he was having a half day. Also, if my memory serves correctly, Jason had good grades. One day wouldn't hurt. "Fine, get here ASAP."

"Sick! Thanks, you rock!"

With that dealt with, I felt I should tell my brother about Jason. I didn't want the entire trip to be uncomfortable for both of them. When I got back out into the living room, I saw my brother put some lube and condoms into the bag. He smirked. I knew what he was planning, but now for sure, I had to tell him about Jason. 

"So I have this guy coming along with us,"

"Cool,"

"He's 18 though." 

"Is that a problem?" 

"No, he's a high school kid I've been having sex with the last couple of months."

Javi stood back and remained silent.

"Look, I know you must think of me like some creep..."

Javi put his hand up, "Dude, we just had sex and we're brothers. This kid is 18, so I don't see any problem with this unless it wasn't consensual." 

"It was," while we waited for Jason, I told my brother about the last few months. He was shocked to know that he was next to Javi and KJ less than 24 hours ago. 

Jason soon arrived after I finished telling our story. He wore a black band shirt, with blue Levi's that hugged him well. I introduced him to my brother, they both shook hands without issue. 

"Jason, uh I told my brother about us."

"Is he cool with it?"

"Yeah," Javi interrupted, "Dick and I have had our own experiences."

"Woah, your brother? Explains why you wanted us gone yesterday." 

"Not exactly, but sure. You got any trunks?"

Jason shook his head.

"Cool. guess we'll get you some." 

We called for an Uber, but before arriving at the beach we went to the mall. There was a closer mall by my house, but I figured it would be safer if we went to a mall by the beach where no one knew us. 

When we arrived at the mall, we stood there for a few seconds taking in the cool breeze. After a few minutes, we walked into the mall, heading towards the nearest clothes store. We went to the department store and began looking through the swimwear section. The store was nearly empty, I guess people didn't stop here this early on a Tuesday. That was fine with me, gave us more privacy. 

We browse through the sections, finding really good looking pairs. Javi grabbed a few pairs of bikini, trunks, and speedos. "We should try these on." 

I told him to hold on for one second while I checked the dressing room. I went in and did a quick scan, it was empty. We walked into the big one at the end of the hallway to try them on. Javi stood outside to keep watch, Jason and me began trying them on. To be honest, I got aroused pretty fast and so did Jason. We both removed our pants and stood there in our underwear and erections. Jason wore black boxer briefs while I wore white low rise briefs. He pulled down his underwear and his dick flung out, I was so tempted to just get on my knees to suck it. I handed him a pair of black speedos, he slipped them on. "How do I look?" he asked. 

"Sexy as fuck dude," I said moving behind him, "Javi what you think?"

He peaked his head in and gave a thumbs up, "Makes your ass look good kid."

I then slipped on a baby blue bikini briefs, to be honest, I was hard and I couldn't keep it in there. "This is awkward," Jason said. 

"Yeah, I'm already leaking. Guess I'm going to have to buy these." 

Javi knocked on the door, then opened it and handed us some low rise trunks, "try these on. I'm getting one for myself." 

The speedo was a bit too revealing for me, but I honestly wanted to keep them. So Jason and I tried the trunks on we ended up liking them. 

"Let's take both," I said 

Jason smiled and began putting his clothes on. 

"Wait," I said as I got down on my knees, "Let me do a quickie."

He hadn't put his pants back on, so I pulled down his underwear and got to work. I literally meant that I wanted a quickie, I began sucking him at a fast pace until a few seconds I heard him pant and he shot his load into my mouth. "That was fast," he said panting. 

"I was serious. Alright, we should go." 

We grabbed the swimwear and headed to the cashier, my brother had already chosen his pairs. While I was paying for the swimwear, I had asked the cashier how far the beach was. He told me it was a mile or two away. So I paid and we began walking to the beach. 

We walked for about a mile and a half when we finally made it the beach. It looked very nice. The three of us went to the bathroom and changed into our swimming trunks. When we came out, I wore white swimming trunks, Jason wore blue ones and my brother wore an American flag one. Figures he would wear something patriotic. 

For the first few hours we messed around in the water then around 2 pm we lied down on the beach letting the sun shine on us. We would occasionally check out the good looking guys and girls passing by on the beach. Then my brother came up with the awesome idea of taking a walk on the beach and maybe finding a place to have a little three way. 

After a few minutes of walking, we made our way to the rocky area of the beach, it had massive rocks which provided some nice privacy. We walked together through the maze of rocks and slowly came upon a couple. I saw this guy's bare ass and his trucks down to his knees and a woman kneeling before him. I instantly got an erection, this guy had an amazing ass. We slowly moved trying not to make a sound but he turned at the last second. Before he even said anything I whispered to him, "We didn't see anything." 

The man put a thumbs up and winked. 

We continued our way deeper into the rocks until we found a nice location, which was a dead end. It provided a good amount of privacy, the only way in was the way we came in. 

I dropped our bags on the floor and spoke, "Shall we begin," I grinned. 

Jason was the first one to drop to his knees, but not before me, before my brother. Jason licked my brother's crotch and began caressing his body. I stood next to him, Jason began massaging my crotch. Within in seconds my brother and I had become fully erect. Jason pulled down my brother's trunks to reveal his member. Then he pulled down my trunks and began stroking it, he took my brother in his mouth. My brother and I began to kiss while Jason worked our members. 

Jason stopped sucking my brother and began work on mine. Javi pulled away and took it upon himself to set up the towels on the floor and pulled out the condoms and lube. Jason stopped sucking me and we moved to the toweled area. I got down on my knees, Jason lied down between my and my brother. Javi lied down before him and pulling out his dick. While Jason sucked me, my brother sucked him. 

We continued this for a few minutes, then Javi pulled out a condom and began lubing his erection. Jason got on his knees and pulled down his trunks. He then assumed the position as my brother got behind him, before sucking me, he waited for Javi to enter. He knew Javi was bigger than me. 

Javi slowly pressed into Jason, going slow at first, knowing this was Jason's first time with a bigger dick. I looked at Jason wincing with each movement. As soon as he was in, Jason exhaled. Javi began to thrust and Jason continued sucking my dick. He would occasionally wince as my brother thrust into him. 

The three of us began to moan, Jason was wincing a lot and was only sucking on my head. I knew it would only time before I came inside of Jason's mouth. I was right, within seconds I shot my load into Jason's mouth. He used one hand squeeze out every last drop, I saw a trail of cum dripping from his mouth, he licked it up and swallowed. My brother continued pounding Jason's ass. While they did that, I tucked my erection in my trunks and decided to go be on watch as my brother finished. 

I peeked my head behind the rock and saw the couple from earlier approaching holding hands and kissing. I figured they would be coming here to continue their business from earlier. I walked back to Jason and Javi and saw they were still at it, this time Jason was straddling him.

"Sorry to interrupt, but we're about to have an unexpected guest."

"How long?" Jason asked.

"A few seconds," 

"Fuck," they said in unison. Jason and Javi stopped and put their trunks back on. 

We picked up our stuff, the second we turned around there stood the couple from earlier. 

"Sorry," the woman said, pulling her boyfriend away. He didn't move though, he stood there looking at us. The guy had short blond hair and had a model like tan body. He wore yellow swimming trunks. The girl wore a two piece pink bikini and had red long hair. 

"Were you guys having sex?" he asked. 

"Um, no," I answered. 

"Dude, I see that guy's boner in his trunks." he said pointing to Jason. 

I was stunned, we got caught. 

"You must be new here, otherwise you would have left the sign." 

"What sign?" the three of us said together. 

"This is a local sex location, there is a big rock people leave to signal to others that people are using the location for you know, sex." 

"We could let you finish," the girl said. 

The boy friend pulled her close to him, "How about this? You three finish over there, while I and my girl finish over here." 

"You don't mind the gay sex?" Jason asked. 

"Not really, I mean it's just sex."

I looked to Javi and Jason and they simply shrugged. I thought about it and decided, Why not.

"Deal, have fun." I winked. 

The guy began to untie his trunks, "Oh, by the way, the name is Tyler. This is my girlfriend, Ashley."

It was awkward for a complete stranger who was about to have sex next to us to introduce himself to us, but I didn't think about too much.

"I'm Dick, these are my friends Jason and Javi."

Jason and Javi stared at me.

"Let's keep the relationships to ourselves."

Ashley began digging a hole near the rock wall and pulled out a box of condoms. "Since this place has become a popular sex spot, people have been leaving condoms in this tin box." 

"Cool," I simply replied.

The guy removed her clothes and she got on her knees, her boyfriend's trunk dropped down. He had an amazing looking penis, I wanted to push her out of the way and suck it. Instead, I turned to see Jason who was already working on Javi's dick. I took this time to put a condom on and lube up, I slipped my dick into Jason and began to slowly thrust him. 

I turned to see Tyler and Ashley, she faced the wall and he was behind her. Slowly thrusting into her. I stared at his beautifully shaped ass. 

I lost my track of time, I was about to cum, instead I pulled out. 

Jason stood up in front of the wall the girl was pressed against, Javi moved behind him and lube up, I did the same but behind Javi. When Javi got inside of Jason, I did the same to him. It was the first time fucking my brother. 

Together my brother and I began thrusting, within in minutes our little area flooded with moans. Tyler was now moving at a faster speed with his girlfriend. While on our side, we were all moving a similar speed. 

I was the first to cum, due to the fact that I had done so earlier. I know some guys out there that take longer after cumming once, but I wasn't one of those guys. I moaned as I shot into the condom. When I was done I pulled out and left my brother to finish with Jason. I did feel bad that Jason wouldn't cum, so I crawled before him and began to suck his dick while my brother fucked him. Javi slowed down when I did. If he continued doing at that speed he would knock my head against the wall. 

I sucked on Jason's dick while caressing his ass cheeks. I would look up to see him gasping with air as my brother thrusted into him. 

A few moments later, my brother let out a loud moan as he finally came. That was my cue to make Jason cum, I began sucking faster until I felt his yummy load shoot into the back of my throat. 

My brother's thrusting slowed, then he pulled out. Jason held himself up against the wall, panting. I swallowed his load as he looked down on me. 

A short time later, Tyler and his girlfriend finished. We were all had put our clothes back on and made our way out of the rocky area. I looked at my watch and saw it was 4pm. I hadn't realized how much time had passed. 

"Hey," Tyler said. 

The three of us turned,

"Wanna sit me and my girl on the rocks, we like to sit up there to look at the sun as it sets."

"Sure," Jason said. 

The five of us climbed up the rocks and sat down, we were a few feet off the ground. The sun wouldn't set for a while, so the five of us began to talk. We found out a lot about Tyler and Ashley, they had told us that they frequent Los Angeles a lot. I found out that Tyler was a skater and told him to swing by my shop any time. We continued talking until and through the sunset. 

When it became dark we heard the whistles and booms in the sky, the sky lit up with fireworks. We all lied down together and enjoyed the fireworks show.