 Something was pulling on my hair, shaking my head. In my dreamy, sleep-induced stupor, I imagined a super-huge dragon fly had landed on my head, and was clutching at my hair, trying to pick me up and fly away with me.

Then I heard his voice shouting in my ear, and I was wide awake; a chill ran down my spine as I abruptly remembered where I was.

In the darkness of the cave, Sparkle-Eyes roughly gripped my hair; he was trying to make me move from my comfortable sleep position beside him. I had no choice but to go where he was guiding me.

I should have known---he wanted me kneeling between his legs. He was naked down below; his robe had been pulled up to his belly. 

I couldn't see anything in the dark, but I felt his hard cock slap against my cheekbone. I remembered the excruciating pain the night before when I refused to obey him, and he'd crushed my balls with his strong hand---I immediately wet my lips and sucked his cockhead into my mouth. 

I heard him moan, and he released my hair and lay back to enjoy the services of his newly acquired prisoner of war. 

My tongue traced along a bulging vein that ran from the base of his shaft to the crown. I teased and licked the underside of the stiff shaft, remembering how he'd responded the previous evening.

Suddenly, both his hands were beside my face, and I became frightened he was going to hurt me again. Instead, he pushed my head lower, and my lips came in contact with his scrotum; he was holding it in his hand for me to service

I kissed and licked his balls then one-by-one, took each between my lips and gently sucked and rolled them around my mouth using my tongue.

He grunted his satisfaction with my performance then pulled my hair back up to his cock. He was now ready for the main event.

I had quickly learned the better I sucked his cock, the quicker the humiliating ordeal would be done. I set about pleasuring him the best I could. 

Suddenly, the cave was awash with light. I continued sucking, but out of the side of my eyes I saw movement near the fire. I heard Eddy and Georgie complaining as they were roused from their sleep, then dragged beside the fire and placed on their knees. Like I was, they were still naked, too.

The Taliban soldiers formed two lines before them; their hands massaging their morning hard-ons. My heart sank for my friends. I became tense.

I wondered what Eddy would do. With a clear head after a full night's sleep, I couldn't imagine he would obediently submit to their perverted demands. He didn't---and paid an awful price for it.

Four men converged on him holding him still, while the biggest soldier crushed Eddy's balls in his hand then lifted his entire body off the ground, holding him by his scrotum. 

Eddy's blood-curdling scream echoed thru-out the cave. I jerked my head off Sparkle-Eyes cock and shouted at the soldiers.

"STOP-IT---STOP-IT---LEAVE-HIM-ALONE!!"

I didn't see Sparkle-Eyes hand until it was too late. He slapped my face so hard I fell backwards. Bright stars swirled and danced before my eyes. Tears of shock and rage filled my eyes. 

My moment of truth had come via a slap to my face.

I was on the ground rubbing my sore cheek; I watched Sparkle-Eyes angry face shouting at me and pointing at his cock; I looked over and saw Georgie eagerly pleasing the man in his mouth; then I watched Eddy.

The soldiers allowed him precious few seconds to recover from his painful torture before they pulled him to his knees once again. 

This time, beside the man standing before his mouth, soldiers stood on either side of him and forced his hands around their manly cocks. They forced him to stroke their erections while he sucked the cock in front of him.

The soldier laughed as he grabbed Eddy's ears and began to viciously push-and-pull his head back-and-forth as he rammed his cock in-and-out of Eddy's mouth.

Eddie no longer protested. In fact, he seemed to be cooperating with the soldiers and eagerly pleasured the three pulsating cocks.

Sparkle-Eyes shouted at me louder. It was now or never. I could fight him like a man and die with my pride and dignity intact, or submit like a scared and frightened weasel and without a doubt, become a Taliban cocksucker the rest of my life.

Please, do not judge me, dear readers. Many of you insist you would choose death over slavery; that the only honorable solution would be to fight them and die a miserable, painful death. That it is better to die like a hero than live like a coward.

I pray to God that you are never in the position to have to make that choice.

I resumed my position on my knees, between his wide-splayed legs, used my hands to caress his cock and balls, and sucked his cock into my mouth. 

Low laughter resonated deep within his throat. He clasped his hands together behind his neck, and lay back and watched with a self-satisfied smirk on his face as I serviced his cock.

To the victor goes the spoils...

Not long afterwards, Sparkle-Eyes gave me two pieces of what appeared to be beef jerky. 

Knowing these animals, and the way they live, I thought, it was probably goat-jerky.

He motioned for me to eat. I was starving and bit off a chunk; I had no idea what it was, but it wasn't too awful, and the flavor at least masked the taste of Sparkle-Eyes greasy cum.

When we were finished eating, Sparkle-Eyes barked orders to his men. I was pulled to my feet by my hair, and two men dressed me in a loose-fitting robe. I was given worn sandals to put on my feet then lastly, someone wrapped my head in what I thought to be a scarf. I couldn't see or breathe thru the scarf and briefly panicked. 

I was held still as a soldier used a knife and cut tiny slits thru the fabric over my eyes and nose. When they were done, it reminded me of photos I'd seen of women in this country: totally covered from head-to-foot--- not one area of flesh exposed.

They pushed me in the opposite direction from where we entered the cave. We would pass-by Eddy and Georgie and I was able to catch one last glimpse of them.

They were still naked on their knees; their heads lowered, hands by their sides; as we walked by them the last thing I saw was a soldier walk-up to Eddy, and tap him on the head.

Eddy immediately raised his head, took the man's scrotum and erect shaft in his hands then quickly sucked the man's cockhead into his mouth. 

My heart was torn into a million pieces. It was too painful to watch. He was no longer the Eddy I had known. They'd broken his spirit and crushed his soul. 

He was now just like me: a Taliban cocksucker and sex-boy.

Someone shoved me from behind; he wanted me to keep pace with the soldier ahead of me. We were walking into darkness. 

I panicked—it suddenly struck me I was being separated from my friends. I had counted five soldiers besides Sparkle-Eyes, and we were leaving all the others behind. 

Oh my God—Oh my God—Oh my God---would I ever see Eddy and Georgie again? Is this it? 

Despair and loneliness gripped me like a vise; I was totally alone with enemy soldiers deep inside enemy territory. 

Tears rushed to my eyes as I realized I may never see my friends again---that I would probably never see or talk with another American for as long as they kept me alive. I'd never before felt such gut-wrenching self-pity. 

Sparkle-Eyes took my hand in his and guided me in the proper direction. The glow from the fire behind us disappeared; we were in total darkness. Something was different; the air smelled fresher; there was no smoke from the fire to breathe.

My arm and shoulder suddenly crashed against the wall of the cave. Sparkle-Eyes pulled me closer to him; he put his arm around my back and led me thru the darkness.

I was surprised by his gentle touch; his concern for me.

I began gasping for breath; the air was thin and I fought to gulp down oxygen. The hair on my neck stood straight as I realized the walls of the cave were closing in on us. The passageway was getting very narrow. I never knew I was claustrophobic until then.

We walked like this for a good thirty-minutes; it was all I could do to keep from shouting in panic. I wanted out of that cave more than anything.

It began as a single speck of light. I stared at it as we walked. It gave me hope. 

The light slowly grew larger; the air became easier to breathe. My heart finally quit racing. We were coming to the opening of the cave and would soon be out of there.

At the entrance, the soldier ahead of me and Sparkle-Eyes pushed aside brush; there was just enough space for us to get out of the cave. 

We were suddenly outside; the morning sun blinded me; it was directly in our faces, and I guessed it must have been close to 8am. I'd never appreciated Mother Nature as much as I did at that moment.

When my eyes became accustomed to the bright sunshine, I saw we were half-way up a steep mountainside. My breath caught in my throat; a sudden dizziness overwhelmed my head. 

Sparkle-Eyes caught me before I fell and tumbled down the mountain. He waited for me to begin breathing normally, and for my panic to subside. Then he shouted at the soldier ahead of us, and we slowly began traversing the side of the mountain.

Our direction startled me; we weren't going down the mountain to flat ground, no, we were going to maneuver sideways over the tricky slope. 

The footing was treacherous. Sparkle-Eyes stopped and demonstrated to me the proper way to keep my balance. He taught me how to angle my right foot slightly inward to prevent me from falling. After a few steps I was more comfortable and we all began walking faster.

A few minutes later, Sparkle-Eyes released my hand. A strange sense of pride surged thru me; he must have thought I was ready to traverse the mountainside on my own.

'Walking fast' is a relative term. We were going as fast as one could over the steep hillside.

I was so confident of my new-found ability I allowed my mind to wander. I understood the cave had narrowed so much that the Jeep would never make it through. I figured Eddy and Georgie and the other soldiers would leave the cave the same way we had entered.

It made me feel better to think that we would meet up with them at the end of the day.

My foot slipped again—I fell and began to roll down the mountain. One of the men behind us went to his butt, dug in his heels, and caught my hand before I was out of reach.

My heart pounded like never before. I was pulled to my feet and Sparkle-Eyes shouted at me. The scowl on his face told me I'd better pay closer attention to what I was doing.

He didn't have to say another word—I would definitely give it my full concentration.

We walked on-and-on-and-on...

The cool morning air gradually changed into stifling heat. The sun was directly over our heads relentlessly beating down on us. I was sweating profusely under my heavy wrappings. It was getting increasingly difficult to breathe thru the tiny holes over my nose.

My eyes were glued to the ground—I never looked up. Falling and rolling down the mountain would kill me, and I'd be free of the Taliban, but that was not the way I wanted to leave this world.

Sparkle-Eyes shouted, and I finally lifted my head.

Ohhh, thank you God---thank you!

The mountainside became much less steep, easily walkable, and we began a downward descent. We were going down to the flat land.

We'd walked a hundred feet when the soldier in the lead shouted. Sparkle-Eyes grabbed my arm and pulled me to the ground with him; we lay on our stomachs. He rolled his weight on top of me. I was pinned to the ground.

That's when I heard the jets. They were flying low at a very high rate of speed. They flew directly over us. My heart leapt with joy as adrenaline rushed thru my body. 

I was going to be saved! The United States Air Force would rescue me and my friends and we'd be back in our old huts tonight, telling stories, amazing our listeners with harrowing tales of capture, and the brutality of the Taliban.

I almost felt sorry for Sparkle-Eyes. He would no doubt be waterboarded for information. 

We lay still for another minute. I couldn't hear the jet planes anymore. I didn't hear the roar of Humvee's rumbling down the road below us coming to save me and blow the Taliban to smithereens.

All I heard was the rustle of a hot breeze in my ears. Then something else: Sparkle-Eyes whispering to me. I somehow knew what he was saying just by the tone of his voice. 

"You will never be saved, my pretty, American cocksucker! You will belong to me forever!"

And to emphasize his point, I felt his cock grow to full erection and he ground it hard into my buttocks as he chuckled in my ear.

I suddenly heard the voice of Tommy the Pilot and what he had once said: "Those Taliban bastards are damn crafty...the way they dress---hell, they blend right-in with the desert...you can fly right over'em and think you're seeing rocks and scrub brush---they hide in plain sight---dammit, how can you fight someone if you can't see'em?"

I felt ridiculous for allowing myself false hope.

We'd been walking on the flat land for hours. The sun dipped below a mountaintop. The soldier in the lead suddenly veered left up the mountain again. 

My heart sank. I was dog-tired, hungry, my feet were killing me and my sweat had turned into a powerful body odor that made me gag and retch.

I glanced up the hill to see where we could possibly be going, but saw nothing but rocks and small bushes. 

We climbed for fifteen minutes then came to a large bush. The soldier peeled away some branches and to my astonishment he'd uncovered a small opening to a cave. 

No wonder we can't beat these people, I thought. How can you win a war when they can hide inside mountains?

Sparkle-Eyes gripped my neck as we waited outside the entrance. I glanced up at him. He was staring down at me with an ominous glean in his eyes. 

He placed a finger on my mouth and slowly rubbed my lips; a lewd, lustful grin spread across his smirking face. 

A cold chill ran up my spine. I knew damn well he'd be using my mouth again very soon. The only question I had was whether I would be satisfying only him, or all of them. 

The soldier in the cave called out to us and we walked inside. 

We'd walked about a-hundred-feet behind the point-man who held a lit torch. I could sense this wasn't a normal cave. The air was thicker, more humid; there had to be water in the cave, but how can that be?

We came to a large chamber where I saw piles of supplies and even wicker chairs and tables. It almost looked like someone lived there.

We didn't stop. To my surprise, I saw several openings, leading in different directions. We entered one of those openings and the walls of the cave narrowed, and I fought to control my claustrophobia.

Thank God we only walked about two-hundred feet until we entered another large chamber.

The men set about lighting torches that were suspended on the walls. When it was bright enough to see around me I couldn't have been more shocked. The place looked like someone's living quarters. It had all the comforts of home, that is, at least for Afghanistan standards.

Chairs, tables, beds, even a pot-bellied stove. The room itself was the perfect temperature, not too hot, and not too cold. It was a cozy living arrangement, if you wanted to live in a cave, that is.

My breath caught in my throat and almost choked; it occurred to me that Bin Laden himself could have lived here at one time.

One of the men re-entered the main chamber and said something to Sparkle-Eyes. He grabbed my hand and pulled me thru a narrow passage and into another 'room.'

I wasn't sure, but I thought I heard running water. When we entered, torches on the walls illuminated the room.

It was stunning! The first thing I saw was an incredibly beautiful waterfall cascading down in an arc to a small pool, or pond really, at our level. It took my breath away. 

I stood in awe watching the waterfall. All of this inside a cave? Unbelievable--simply amazing!

Sparkle-Eyes wasn't impressed with the beauty. He said something to me I didn't understand. When I failed to respond, he came to me and began tugging at my robe. Now I understood, he wanted me naked.

I removed my robe as he worked at peeling-off the layers of fabric from my face and head. When I was naked, he pushed me to the pond. 

He gesticulated wildly for me to climb into the water. I can't describe how wonderful the water felt on my tired and sore, and very stinky body.

I was close enough to the waterfall to hold out my hand and test the water. It was cold. He screamed at me and I held my breath and moved underneath the cascading water.

It was a shock to my system, at first, but as I stood there shivering, I gradually became used to it. 

He pointed at ceramic containers on a nearby rock. I picked up the one he pointed to and sniffed at it. Lavender soap? My goodness...

I lathered myself from head-to-toe. The water was feeling deliciously wonderful now that I'd gotten accustomed to it. I wanted to stand there forever, but Sparkle-Eye's was growing impatient. He motioned for me to hurry-up.

As I washed the last of the soap from my body, I saw him shed his robe and vest and baggy pants. It was the first time I'd seen him naked.

He climbed into the pond and pushed me aside so he could stand under the water. I stood beside him, unsure of what I should be doing.

He dipped his hands into another container and washed his hair. Then he applied the liquid soap to his underarms. 

He barked at me and pointed to a boulder barely submerged in the water. He wanted me to sit on it. He turned his body slightly, and my eyes suddenly were staring directly at his crotch.

He gave me the soap and pointed to his crotch. 

Of course, I thought.

I poured soap on my hands and lathered his cock and balls. It occurred to me as long as I'd be sucking it later on, it would be to my benefit to clean him as well as I could.

I tried to make cleaning him as perfunctory, and fast, as I could. But it came as no surprise when my hands caused him to become fully erect. Just as I rinsed his cock free of soap, he turned-around, and presented his buttocks to my face. He spread-open the cheeks, and shouted something.

Uh-oh, I thought, as a wave of revulsion hit my senses. I didn't know if he wanted me to lick his asshole or wash it. I chose to wash it. Apparently it was the right choice because he didn't scream or hit me.

Once again I told myself to clean him well; it was very likely my tongue would be inside his asshole later on.

When he was satisfied with my efforts, he turned and faced me again. I could see his cock-slit oozing pre-cum as he presented it to my lips. There was no hesitation---I immediately sucked his cock into my mouth and began pleasuring him.

It was at this point I shut-off my mind. I didn't think of anything but sucking his cock---doing the best I could to make him cum in my mouth as quickly as possible.

After he shot his load, I cleaned the excess stickiness from his flesh. He pulled his flaccid prick from between my lips and started to climb out of the pond. I rose to my feet and he screamed at me. Once again he motioned for me to sit down.

He shouted to his men, and the soldier who had been in the lead all day appeared in the room. He wasted no time in removing his garments.

Sparkle-Eyes spoke to me as though I could understand what he was saying; amazingly enough, I did understand. He was telling me to perform the same ritual with this man as I had with him. 

My question had been answered. He was going to share me with his men. I was going to be a Taliban cum-slut that night.

I don't recall if I was sucking the third or fourth man, but suddenly I heard a commotion from the main chamber. Gun shots echoed thru-out the cave.
