 The car smelled of old cigarettes, alcohol, and faintly of vanilla from a tree hanging on the mirror. I slid onto the seat of the yellow vehicle behind the passenger's seat, closing the door none too softly, and told the driver where I needed to go.

"Corner of Maple and Fairview," and he pulled away from the nearby bar without another word. He was white, though nicely tanned, and very well muscled. He wore a black, short sleeved shirt and jeans, and the well worn cap on his head was sitting at a slight angle. A faint smell of musk and sweat emanated from him, the result of a full day spent in a hot car. The radio was on, and the sound of oldies rock, barely audible, carried through the interior. I glanced at his thighs, his thick, heavy thighs, and noticed his muscles even through his jeans. His exposed skin gleamed, as though oiled. His muscled arms rippled as he turned the wheel, slight movements though they were.

I leaned back. The ceiling was covered in stains, and they made it impossible to tell the true color of the stretched fabric. I sighed, remembering the tight pants of the men in the bar. A smile crept up my face. Those well rounded calves that led up to nice, meaty thighs that finally culminated in beautiful, exposed buttocks. Oh, yes...the tanned, round bubble butts framed by the skin tight pants and straps of assless chaps.

My breathing became heavier, and I noticed myself beginning to get hard at the thought of caressing those gorgeous, firm butts. A bulge began to appear in my jeans. "Ahh," I thought, "I need one of those lovely asses right about now." I remembered one waiter in particular, whose deep, brown eyes had caught hold of mine. His short brown hair had been spiked slightly in the front, and traces of stubble darkened his face. His pink lips were parted in a smile, and his white teeth shone beneath them. He had been shirtless, his large pecs and rock solid abs on display. A light dusting of hair covered his torso, and the skin beneath was olive and glistening. The large biceps of his right arm bulged under the weight of a serving tray laden with multicolored drinks. I remembered watching his round ass as he walked to another table and bent seductively to set down drinks for the tenants, his beautiful, tight, puckering hole visible but for a moment. And the ring of hair around his pouting lips...my dick strained against my pants.

What little restraint I had had long ago been melted away by the alcohol in the bar, so I leaned forward toward the cab driver, resting my elbows on my knees. His dark hair shone in the light of the traffic behind us, and his musky, masculine scent was stronger from where I was now. His jaw was low and wide, and black stubble covered his face neck. His brown eyes were set beneath dark, untrimmed eyebrows. The lights of passing cars lit his pores. His massive chest heaved with every breath, and I watched him as he took in air, then let it out again, then pulled in, out, for an indefinite amount of time. His nipples were visible beneath the fabric of his shirt. He must have noticed me staring at him, and I noticed him glance at me, then open his arms a bit. His chest seemed to grow in thickness.

I couldn't help but smile at his obvious display. I realized that he could have been just as easily offended, and my drunken mind became inordinately excited. I felt almost giddy, and I decided, as I sat watching his enormous chest expand and contract, that I would test my luck.

"Man, I wish I had muscles like that. I try to work out, but I never seem to have the time," I said, glancing down at my hands. Mine were far from meager, but paled in comparison to his.

"Mmm," was his reply. His voice was deep, almost a rumble. The sound was intoxicating.

"Bet your wife appreciates it," I continued, ignoring the lack of a ring on his hand.

"Have no wife," he grumbled from within his thick neck. 

"Well, the ladies, then. You must get plenty of those." He did not reply, but only shifted in his seat. His weighty arms swelled as he turned the car down a different street. I didn't have too much longer before we reached my own street.

"Women..." I trailed off for a moment. "I like them thin, you know? But with great big knockers, and wide titties. The way they bounce up and down while they're riding you." I grunted. "What you like in a woman?"

"About the same, I guess," came his gruff reply. His New York accent became a bit more obvious. I was surprised he had let me go this far. I waited a moment, seeming to ponder at the beauty of women while I really fantasized about him, his masculine voice resonating in my mind. 

"What about the cunt?" That made him uncomfortable. I could see it in his eyes.

"What about it?" 

"Well, you like it hairy or smooth?" I said, his actions only confirming my hopes.

"Mmm...smooth." He glanced fleetingly away from the road, to the side opposite me.

I stopped with the questions, and I raised my left arm from its place on my knee, lifting my hand to the side of his head, just beneath the off kilter cap. I brushed his hair ,only just, leaned close to his ear, and whispered, "You know what I think? I don't think you like titties or cunts." I breathed my hot breath into his ear, my left hand still touching his hair. "I think you like dick." The car swerved, and I knew I was right. His breath was light now, so light that his immense chest barely moved. A short time passed when the only sound was the barely audible oldies, the engine of the car as we drove through the streets, and my breath in his ear. Neither of us moved, and the tension grew in the stillness to be almost tangible as we sat there, immobile, my hand tickling his scalp. I lifted that hand, and I brought it up above his hat. I took it off and set it down next to me in the back seat. Then, I brought out my tongue and gently touched his ear. I could feel him take in his breath as I did so. I brought my tongue down, around the outer edge of his ear, until, finally, I grabbed hold of the lobe with my lips, wetting it with saliva. I pulled away.

The bulge in his pants was clearly visible, his cock pinned to the side right side of his leg. I could make out the outline of the head in his pants. The car stopped. I glanced out my window, only to see that it was the lamppost in my own yard that lit the interior of the car. I moved my head closer to his ear, my nose pushed up against it. "I'll leave the door unlocked," I said in a harsh whisper.

I got out of the car then, making no effort to conceal the massive impression of my dick in my jeans. I closed the door again as I had when I got in, and, my dick making it difficult for me to walk as it was, snaking its way down my leg, I made it up the steps and inside with as little modified a gait I could muster. The car remained where it was until I flicked the lights on in my home, and then I heard it kick into gear and begin to drive away. "All that effort," I thought, "and I still have to rub it out." I rubbed my crotch, unbuttoning my pants as I ambled my way to the bathroom. I could still smell his musk as I let my jeans fall to the floor. I left them where they were, crumpled on the kitchen tiles. I got to the bathroom, medium sized with a large, round bath tub on the right wall, a sink, then a toilet on the left, and cabinets against the far wall, built around a rectangular window. The waxing moon was visible above my neighbor's roof. I had chosen this place in part for the generous amount of floor space in the bathroom, as the designer had left plenty of room in between all the fixtures, but had repainted since I bought it, replacing outdated colors with my preference, cool beiges, browns, and white. 

I dug my hand beneath the waistline of my boxer briefs, even though nearly half my dick stuck out the left leg hole. It throbbed with excitement as I rubbed my hand against its shaft. Reaching the toilet, I paused in working on my bulging member to peel off my underwear, stepping out of them and tossing them into the tub. My shirt soon followed, revealing my well-defined torso. I had it waxed regularly, but I like to leave a thin happy trail from my navel to my groin, where I kept the hair just long enough to not be prickly. I used both hands at that point, the width of them combined only reaching half the length of my rigid schlong. I moaned as I brought them down together, from the swollen head, down, around the crown and onto the shaft. My grip was not tight, but the tension had been long in building, and the pleasure was immense. Farther, I brought my hands, until they both enveloped my cock to their fullest extent, and then continued to drag them down toward the thin layer of pubic hair at the base. I could feel every vein in it under my skin, every ridge caused by the rushing blood. Further my hands slid, until they hit the base, and the skin underneath was pulled taught. My balls swung slightly, the sweat from the heat of the car and pub drying in the open air. I began to move my hands back up along the shaft, the same veins and ridges, this time in reverse, bulging against my hands. I could feel my heartbeat with my fingers.

I heard my door open. I hadn't bothered to close the bathroom door, and now I remembered that I had left the main door unlocked. I looked out the port, a rush of adrenaline pumping through me, my hands still on my raging hard on. I saw the passionate brown eyes and face of the cab driver, who had since removed his shirt. As I watched, he came toward me, his hands shaking with anticipation as they undid his belt. I was transfixed by his muscular figure, his round, sculpted pecs bulging, his thick arms rippling. A line of dark hair came up from under his pants to his navel, continuing and growing slightly as it traced its way to his sternum, where it continued up to an inch or two under his collarbone and branched off to coat the underside of his breast with thin, straight hair to his erect nipples. He never took his eyes off me. He just stared at me under his brow with his brown eyes as he walked purposefully toward me. The bulge in his jeans had grown.

I took my hands off my cock and turned around. He paused for a moment as the full length and girth of my enormous dick came into view, swinging from side to side. My balls, hanging low in the heat, hit my leg. His gaze lowered. I watched as he pulled off his pants and underwear in one sweep, revealing his own, surprisingly smooth dick, whose size was nothing to be ashamed of. He kept the hair on his groin slightly longer than mine, and it was darker, framing his weighty cock. With his pants gone, he dropped down to his knees onto the tan stone tiles before me and licked the tip of my cock, just as I had licked his ear earlier, taking the drop of precum that rested there. My knees shook for a moment, and I recovered with an intense lust for the man, deep in my being. He opened his mouth wide and plunged his lips over my cock head. His hot, wet tongue danced on the tip of my dick, playing around the entire head and tickling the hole. I could feel the precum oozing out of me as he began to move his head down my shaft, then back up to the ridge, then farther down than before. My balls swung to his rhythm. Every motion forward brought him closer to me, and I soon felt the back of his throat against my head. He stopped the advance at that point, working still only with his mouth, and one of his hands wanking his own bulging cock. Back and forth he went, a third of the way down my dick with his lips, then back to the ridge, with his tongue somehow never ceasing to pleasure the head. My whole body grew warm with my desire.

One of his hands reached up, and he started to play with my sagging balls as he worked with his mouth. He grabbed them and pulled down, stretching the loosened skin. He moved his fingers around them, cupping them and toying them as I closed my eyes to enjoy the pure sensation. I put my hands behind his head, pulling on his hair a bit. I moved them back and forth with the motions of his head, not forcing or guiding, but allowing him to move me as I played with his hair. He moved his hand backward from my full sac, tickling my taint as he made his way to my hole. His thick, smooth fingers danced their sensual dance around my puckered hole while he pleasured my hard dick with his mouth. He brought his hand away, wet it, and resumed circling my asshole. I felt pressure behind me as his mouth sank halfway down my dick, and he pushed thick finger in as he nearly gagged on my rod. My eyes rolled back beneath my lids and a moan escaped me. He began to moan some, as well, the vibrations tingling my shaft. He swirled his finger around inside me and moved it in and out, occasionally finding my pleasure spot. He narrowed in on it, judging by my carnal groans, and I was soon in ecstasy both in front and behind.

He took his hand out of my ass and grasped my shaft. Up and down, up and down, all the while pleasuring his own dick. Spit mixed with precum stretched toward the floor, falling sometimes in large, slow globs. He reached up his other hand, and, taking his mouth off my head for a moment, wet his hands in the accumulated saliva on my shaft and head, adding to it with his overflowing mouth. Then, he plunged both hands, followed by his lips, back onto my dick, and I felt almost sick with pleasure. I looked up for a moment as he went up and down on my cock, covering most of it with his hands and mouth. I lowered my gaze once more, my eyes taking in his thick, undulating arms, his heavy, muscled thighs, and his massive, heaving chest, all gleaming with sweat. His nipples were a shade darker than his skin, erect with his lust. I saw that my own skin had become damp, my abs, pecs, and thighs glistening.

He took a break from sucking every few moments to breathe a deep, rumbling breath, and then he would soon engulf my cock in his mouth once again in his warmth. I could feel my shaft swelling, and my dick expanding as the pleasure he gave me grew. He was tickling the hole at the tip of the head with his tongue when I pulled away, about to burst. My breath escaped me in a rush, an exhale, a moan, and a shudder all at once.

He stood. It was my turn, and I lowered myself and took his large dick in my hand. He had been working it quite hard already, so I sank it straight into my mouth as far as I could go, about two inches from the base, and wrapped my index finger and thumb around what I could not get in. He moaned a deep, masculine moan. I pulled back to the ridge, just as he had done for me, and played with his cock head with my tongue, wrapping my fingers into a full fist around his dick as I pulled my head back. Down on him I went again, though I could not tickle his head as well as he had mine. Each time I went down on his cock, I pushed a little further and opened a little wider, hoping to completely immerse it in my mouth. Unable to quite make it, I took my mouth off for a moment, still jacking it with both hands. I took a breath, then plunged onto his thick shaft. His engorged head scraped the back of my throat, but I pushed farther, taking it into my gullet. I held myself there, swirling my tongue on the bottom of his rod, feeling him, tasting him. I could feel his girth growing, expanding, and I felt my throat tighten around him.

"Uhhnhh," he moaned from within his chest, and he pulled away with a jerking motion. I messaged his dangling balls, sagging, too, from the heat, as he pulled away from me. We remained there for a moment, my eyes in his and his in mine, as I gently worked at his balls. They were large, bigger than ping pong balls, and they felt cool in my hand.

I stood, facing him, but not taking my hand from his balls. Our dicks pressed up against one another as I leaned in toward one of his nipples with my slobbery mouth. I touched it with my outstretched tongue. I traced circles around it, at the same time moving my free hand to his backside. He was motionless, transfixed with ecstasy. I grabbed an ass cheek, pulling toward me, and let my hand slide over his firm buttock. I slid it the other way, toward his crack, the other hand on his balls, my tongue on his nipple. I slid my hand back and forth on his ass, grasping his firm skin. I sucked on his nipple with my wet lips, my tongue playing with the tip. I nibbled it lightly with my teeth and he moaned. I could feel the sound in his chest. He grabbed my ass with both hands, squeezing it with his fingers. They slid over my sweaty skin, and I could feel the tension on my hole. I moved my hands up along his toned back, feeling the lines of his muscles as they tensed and relaxed beneath my fingers. I pressed my stubbly cheek against his breast, feeling its strength. His hands moved toward my hole, fingering it. He pressed a thick finger in with the saliva left from before, his other hand still grasping at my slick, firm cheek. He pumped it into me, remembering my hot spot, and I was content to message his back with my hands and press against his chest with my face. He pulled out of me after a minute of us standing there, together, and I let my arms drop from his back.

He turned around and bent over the dark brown stone wall of the tub, exposing his puckering hole to me. My lust exploded. My whole body grew hot as I bent and licked his hole, toying with the hairs on his ass. I grasped his beautiful butt with both hands, squeezing it as my tongue poked its way into his tunnel. His manly smell was almost overpowering, but I thrived on it. It fed my immense lust. I spread his cheeks apart, revealing it in full, and he opened it to me. I dug my face into his backside, delving deeper inside him with my tongue. All I could see was his broad, muscular back and the tops of his firm ass. All I could smell was him, his musk. All I could hear were our moans, intermingled now in pleasure. All I could taste was his coppery taste, and all I could feel were his firm ass cheeks and my own lust.

I pulled my hand off his ass and stuck it in my mouth to wet it, and then smeared it around his dark hole. I spit on the puckering lips, swirling my finger around his open rosebud. Closer I came to the opening, and then I slipped inside. His insides pressed against me as I pushed my finger into him as far as it would go. I moved it around in circles, and the taxi driver's head dropped below his broad shoulders as he uttered a load moan. I pulled my finger out of him and reached behind me into the cabinet below the sink, pulling out a small bottle of lube. I wet my first two fingers with the slippery lube and plunged them into his asshole and rubbed them around inside him, searching for his pleasure center. I felt a slight bump, and I worked my fingers on it, with a tremendous response.

"Uuohhh...give it to me, man," he groaned. "Give it all to me."

"You ready for it?"

"Oh, yeah," another groan.

I pulled my fingers out of his warmth and stood. I grabbed my dick with one hand, the other never leaving his gorgeous buttock. I pressed it down against his backside, and it followed his crack, bending downward and sending shots of pain up the shaft. I rubbed it against him, then pulled it up and pressed the base against his puckered hole. I could feel my balls against his skin, and I moved back and forth as he begged me to go in.

Again, I grabbed my dick, this time aiming the engorged head for his rosebud. I squeezed out some lube just above it, rubbing it onto him with the tip of my cock. Then, I squeezed some more out into my hand and slathered it onto my whole member. It shone with dampness, and I pressed the tip onto his open rosebud once more. I pushed harder, and the tip seemed to go inside him, but my cock jerked upward, slipping on the lube. I repositioned it onto his hole and pushed. This time, it entered. I could feel his tight ring sliding on the skin of my cock head as it disappeared into his tunnel. Another shudder passed through me as the ridge slid into him. 
