 Sergeant Rick shouted at us from atop his Humvee: "YOU GUYS HAVE FORTY MINUTES UNTIL THIS ROAD IS LOUSY WITH TALIBAN – YOU BETTER GET THE HELL OUT OF HERE NOW!"

In our six months in Afghanistan, we'd heard this warning several times. Georgie, our crew leader, had always been paranoid and frightened of being left behind without protection from the soldiers, and made sure we closely followed the troops when they left any area. 

"WE GOTTA GET ONE MORE SHOT," he yelled at me and Eddy above the roar of military vehicles as they rumbled past us. This was the first time he decided we should stay behind. I hoped he was making the right decision.

Eddy and I were the Rodmen on our survey team. We work for a huge oil company building a pipeline thru the country to the sea, and Georgie was the Field Manager, he was in charge. Eddy and I thought Georgie was a chubby dork, but we had the utmost respect and confidence in his decisions and his skill as a Surveyor.

Georgie told us where he wanted me and Eddy to be positioned when he took the shot, and we set-out in different directions. 

I had to carefully maneuver half-way up a steep and rocky hill to set my tripod in place. It was tricky to keep it from falling over, but I managed to kick away enough stones and rocks when I found a level shelf. I stood in the cold wind and waited for Eddy to set-up so Georgie could take the shot.

I stood on the hillside with a goofy grin on my face. In three days we were going home – in three days I would have Rebecca in my arms and a boatload of money in the bank. I was so happy the sharp, cold gusts of wind didn't bother me in the least.

This was the smartest decision I'd ever made. Back home, I would have had to work three years to earn the money I made here in six months. Not only that, Georgie told me I'd learned so much here, and performed such good work, he was going to recommend to the company I become a Field Manager with a crew of my own. 

He said I would become, at twenty-one-years-old, one of the youngest Field Managers in the history of the company. I took great pride in Georgie's words: he was the smartest and most competent Surveyor I'd ever worked alongside.

A sudden gust of wind made the tripod tip over, but I caught it before it hit the ground. With some effort, I got it back in place and looked at Georgie for the 'all-clear' signal.

He was facing the other direction waving his arms and pointing with a finger. Over my headset, I heard him barking orders to Eddie. 

I waited patiently; this wasn't the first time Eddy was in the wrong position. Eddy was a helluva nice guy, but not very bright. He was a big, lumbering-clumsy guy my own age, and had difficulty traversing the rocky terrain the whole time we'd been working in Afghanistan.

I filled the time thinking of Rebecca; her beautiful face and soft and sexy creamy-white flesh. She had a smile that warmed my heart, and laughter that made the birds sing. 

I'd been in love with her since high school. And when I got home, we were going to get married, and we would finally consummate our relationship.

We both wanted to remain virgins until we married, and quite frankly, that was growing more difficult and frustrating as the days and weeks and months passed us by. 

In all honesty, I couldn't bear much longer having to take my lust and desire for her into my own hands, if you know what I mean.

I could still hear Georgie yelling at Eddy as I looked at my watch. If Sergeant Rick's warning was true, we only had twenty minutes until this place would be swarming with enemy soldiers.

"C'mon, guys," I said into my headset mouthpiece. "Times running out—hurry up and get the shot!"

The sun dipped below the nearest mountain casting an eerie shadow on the hillsides. 

I shivered as a cold chill raced up and down my spine. Even if Georgie got the shot right now it would take Eddy ten minutes and me a little longer to get back to the Jeep. Our margin for error was razor-thin. I prayed to God Sergeant Rick's prediction was wrong.

I nervously searched the mountains for any sign of movement—I saw none. I remembered when Sergeant Rick told us how cunning and adaptable the Taliban was in these mountains and hillsides. How they blended in with the rocks and bushes. They could be here now and we wouldn't even know it.

"I swear to you," he'd said. "I scoured the mountainside with my binoculars and nothing was moving—not a soul—then BOOM--ten seconds later they showed-up out of nowhere and rushed down the hills...damn good thing there were twenty of us and we were able to shoot the bastards before they got to us!"

"ALL CLEAR—LET'S GET OUT OF HERE!" I heard Georgie shout in my headset.

I wasted no time. I slung the equipment over my shoulder and slowly made my way down the steep slope. Going down always took more time than going up. I had to take baby-steps to make sure I didn't fall and tumble down the hill.

A hundred yards from the Jeep I glanced up from the ground and saw Eddy and Georgie waiting patiently for me. 

A sense of urgency caused me to be careless, and I fell on my butt. My first instinct was to protect the expensive equipment. I held it high over my head as I slid down the hill trying to use my feet as brakes to stop my rocky and painful descent.

I was able to halt my slide when my feet braced themselves against a large boulder. I scrambled to my feet and made my way down the remainder of the slope.

Suddenly, I heard Georgie's voice shrieking and shouting thru the headset: "THEY'RE HERE—THEY'RE HERE---HURRY-HURRY-HURRY!"

I instantly knew who he was screaming about: the Taliban!

In sheer terror, I scrambled the rest of the way down the hill and reached the bottom. I was fifty yards from the Jeep. I ran to it as fast as I could. I looked around and saw shadowy figures scurrying down the mountainside from every direction.

Georgie became hysterical. "NO-NO-NO-NO!!"

I heard the Jeep motor turn over. I was twenty yards away when the tires of the Jeep spit stones and rocks in my direction. The Jeep shot forward and rocketed away from me at a high-rate of speed. 

"GEORGIE," I screamed at the top of my lungs. "GEOR—GIEEEEEEEE...."

When the Jeep careened around a corner of a mountain and disappeared from sight, I stood still in absolute disbelief and shocked horror. They were gone. 

They had left me behind. I was on my own. I was alone with the Taliban.

My first instinct was to run. I looked around and saw men closing in on me with their rifles aimed directly at my head. There was nowhere to go. 

My heart thumped loudly in my chest. My nerves a jumbled mess of electric jolts shooting thru-out my body. I stood perfectly still -- paralyzed from head-to-toe with fear. 

Their shouting, excited voices grew louder as they cautiously approached me. I didn't know what they were saying. Sergeant Rick said they spoke Pashto around here. 

I guessed there were a dozen men all dressed in burlap sacks, at least, that's how we joked about their attire back at the base camp.

Seeing them closing in on me now was no laughing matter. As they surrounded me, I saw most had full faces of hair, and the ones that didn't had at least three days' worth of stubble. All of their piercing brown eyes were trained on me.

When they were three feet from me I saw their grotesque smiles; there were many missing teeth. And then their smell hit me. 

From their disheveled and unkempt look, they had obviously not been around water for some time. The foul stench of body odor from a dozen unwashed men assaulted my nose.

Suddenly, one man came forward and smiled down at me. I'm 5'7" and 130 pounds; all of these men were much taller and heavier than me. 

He was so close I could feel the heat from his breath on my cheeks; his breath was just as nasty as his body odor. He raised a hand and I was afraid he would strike me, but he gently began stroking my face. 

He was babbling something in his native language to the other men and they all snickered and sneered at me. He removed his hand from my face and without warning both his hands were on my chest unbuttoning my shirt. Then more hands were on me. They were trying to open my jeans.

I was consumed with terror; fear and loathing overwhelmed me. They were trying to get my clothes off and I was twisting and squirming to stop them. 

Sergeant Rick had mortified us with stories of sex acts the Taliban forced their white captives to perform. Ugly images of being gang-raped flashed thru my mind. At that moment I wished they would just kill me.

The men had become brute animals as they pawed at my clothing. Suddenly, a rifle shot rang out. It was so close I was temporarily deafened. The men reluctantly backed away from me.

A tall man was shouting as he came close; the other men stopped jabbering and lost interest in me. I guessed this man was their leader. I'd never felt so grateful to someone in my life.

I looked up into my savior's face; he too had an evil grin on his bearded face, and something more, I swore his dark brown eyes were sparkling as he intently looked me up and down. 

I was relieved he'd stopped the other men, but I suspected 'Sparkle Eyes' motive was purely selfish. I had a sinking feeling that he wanted me all for himself.

He barked an order and my arms were roughly pulled behind me. My wrists were tied with rope tightly together behind my back. Then he shouted again and he pushed me forward and we all began walking. 

They walked fast and when I fell behind he shouted in my face. I didn't need a translator to know he was warning me to keep up with them.

My mind was in overdrive working hard on a plan. I thought of every probability and consequence and it all came down to this: escape was going to be impossible. 

Even if by some miracle I was left alone long enough and found a way to run out into the countryside, it would do me no good; I had no idea where I was, and it would only be a matter of time before they recaptured me, and maybe shoot me. 

No, I had two options and that was all there was to it.

Either I willingly submit to the degradation they would surely force upon me, or, resist and fight them until they killed me; remove any and all incentives for them to keep me alive.

A cold chill ran up my spine as I contemplated my death. I would never see my family again – I would never know the supreme pleasure of making love with Theresa. A wave of self-pity washed over me. How could this happen to me? I'm only nineteen-years-old! 

Suddenly another option raced thru my mind that excited me and gave me a glimmer of hope: when Sergeant Rick discovered I was missing, he would return with enough men and firepower to rescue me. 

Logically, I had my doubts the US Army would risk the lives of their troops to save one little contract surveyor, but I chose to believe they would – I had to have something, some shred of hope I could desperately cling to in order to survive my upcoming ordeal.

We had rounded the turn where I'd last seen Georgie and Eddy and the Jeep, when in the distance, maybe 200 yards ahead I saw another dozen or so Taliban soldiers standing in the road. They appeared to be waiting for us.

My odds for getting away from these men went from slim to none. I was their captive, and they could do whatever they wanted to me with impunity. All that remained for me was to decide whether I wanted to live or die. 

I knew damn well what they would make me do. Sergeant Rick described in vivid detail the sexual perversions the Taliban forced their white captives to perform. 

One night while we were shooting-the-bull, he looked and pointed at me then said, "...and you—YOU they will absolutely love...you'll be bathed, shaved and perfumed then you'll dance for them like a girl...after they smoke opium and your dancing excites them -- they'll bend you over and butt-fuck you all night long—their jizz will be flowing down the backs of your legs like two rushing rivers!" 

I had nightmares for three straight days after hearing those words. My mind was made up—I knew what I would have to do if the opportunity presented itself. I would rather kill myself than become a Taliban pleasure-boy.

When we were fifty yards from the men I heard laughter and shouting. Then I heard something else; something that made my flesh break out with goose-pimples: I heard Georgie crying and wailing; pleading for his life. 

I understood why he'd left me behind, I wasn't mad at him. In fact, I was counting on him making it back to base camp and alerting Sergeant Rick. My heart sank. It would be that much longer before the U.S. Army knew we were missing.

When we were closer I saw the empty Jeep. I looked around for Eddy and Georgie and finally saw them on the ground. Georgie was crying and curled-up in the fetal position; Eddy was rolling on the ground groaning loudly in obvious agony. I was sure he'd tried to fight the men to no avail.

'Sparkle-Eyes' shouted orders and the men fell silent and stomped-out their cigarettes. Eddy and Georgie were pulled to their feet and bound like me with arms behind their backs.

Eddy's pain must have subsided because he never uttered a sound while they manhandled him. When he saw me there was a pained expression on his face.

"John, I'm sorry—it wasn't me...lard-butt nearly shit himself when he saw we were surrounded. I didn't want to leave you back there!"

"Eddy, it's okay, I understand--I would have done the same thing," I lied.

When a soldier tied Georgie's arms too tightly he whined and complained.

"Shut-up, fat boy," Eddy yelled at him. "If you hadn't insisted on 'one last shot' we wouldn't be in this mess!" 

I didn't say a word. What was the point? After-the-fact recriminations weren't going to help us now.

Sparkle-Eyes shouted orders and a soldier climbed behind the wheel of the Jeep. The Jeep started and lurched forward. The rest of us followed walking behind the Jeep. 

Nightfall was rapidly approaching; I could barely see the road in the dwindling light. 

Suddenly the Jeep veered to the left and began ascending a steep hill. When the rest of us began going up the hill, I noticed we were on some sort of trail and to my horror, I saw there was maybe ten-inches of solid ground on the left side of the Jeep. 

Any miscalculation on the part of the driver and the Jeep would plummet hundreds of feet down the side of the steep mountain. The driver seemed oblivious to his peril; he expertly maneuvered the Jeep upward with ease.

The night sky became black, dotted with distant stars. I made a conscious effort to lift my feet with every step so I wouldn't trip on the rocks. I wondered why the driver of the Jeep didn't switch on the headlights; it would have made it much easier for all of us.

Another half-hour passed and we continued trudging up the hill. I heard a rumbling in the distance. I was pretty sure jet planes were causing the noise. My heart leapt with elation; the U.S. Air Force was coming to save the day!

Then it dawned on me why the driver didn't use the headlights on the Jeep: the pilots would never be able to see us in the dark. We were invisible to them. 

Even if they could locate us, how would they separate the three of us from the Taliban? Impossible! Georgie, Eddy and me would be blown to smithereens along with the enemy soldiers. 

The planes flew overhead and disappeared. My heart sank one more time. I would rather die from friendly bombs than live thru whatever these men had planned for us.

We climbed the hill in total darkness for another hour. It was a hard walk and I could hear Georgie whimpering and moaning. From time-to-time a soldier screamed in Georgie's face and yanked his hair. I was hurting too, but kept quiet.

I heard a commotion ahead of us and off to the side of the trail. It sounded like brush being cleared. Then before I knew it we were inside a cave. 

A feint light could be seen a hundred yards into the huge, massive chamber. When we were close enough, I could see the light came from the headlights of the Jeep. That startled me. The cave was so enormous the Jeep could be driven into it.

The soldiers went about their routine. A huge fire was started and I thought for sure we would all die from smoke inhalation, but when I studied the clouds of smoke, I could see them billowing upwards seemingly disappearing into the rock ceiling. 

A natural ventilation shaft, I thought.

By the light of the fire I saw piles of blankets, clothing and other supplies lining the walls of the cave. The cave was obviously used quite often by the soldiers. 

I remembered Sergeant Rick telling the story of how we had Osama Bin Laden trapped in a cave near Tora Bora but he escaped. When U.S. soldiers explored the cave they found enough food, supplies and necessities to last a month.

These people may be primitive, I thought, but they aren't stupid. These caves were perfect for hiding from the enemy for long periods of time.

Sparkle-Eyes gave me what appeared to be beef jerky. I was starving and gladly took it from him. It wasn't beef, I'm not sure what it was, but I ate it all. Eddy and Georgie ate theirs too. We were given tin cups with a hot, thick liquid. The taste resembled coffee. 

As the men finished eating, their conversations became louder as they openly stared at all three of us. 

I didn't like what I saw in their eyes; a mixture of anticipation and lust. I began to tremble; from the evil smile on Sparkle-Eyes face, I had the distinct feeling that Georgie, Eddy and I were going to become that evening's entertainment.

Sparkle-Eyes yelled something and suddenly the three of us were pulled to our feet near the fire. The men surrounding us began to remove our clothes. They were taking great pains in not ripping or tearing our shirts and jeans. They wanted our clothing intact. I guessed western clothes were valuable here.

I squirmed but didn't fight. There were four men surrounding each of us, and I knew damn well I couldn't fight them off. Eddy, of course resisted, and received heavy punches to his belly in return. 

We were soon naked. They pulled our hands behind our necks and fastened them with leather straps. We stood before a roomful of excited men completely exposed.

I shivered when Sparkle-Eyes' hands roamed freely over my naked body. He stood behind me so I couldn't see his face, but I guessed he was smiling because I heard appreciative murmurs escaping his mouth as he stroked my soft and unblemished white flesh.

He caressed my back and chest; kneading and gently squeezing; his hand then concentrated on my breasts and nipples while his other hand stroked my buttocks. 

I hated myself when my penis responded to his touches and became semi-erect. He chuckled deeply in his throat and whispered something in my ear. His hot breath made my prick twitch. 

When his finger pressed hard against my anus I struggled in his arms but he held me firmly in place. When I calmed down he began a maddening stroking of my anus and perineum. 

No one had ever touched me there, not even Theresa. How was I to know it was an erogenous zone? I thought its only function was to eliminate waste. It surprised the heck out of me to discover how good it felt to have a finger gently stroking me down there.

My shame was complete: my penis expanded into a full erection and the surrounding men cheered and laughed and pointed at my four-inch hard prick. This only seemed to invigorate Sparkle-Eyes as his fingers pinched my now-hard nipples as he continued the gentle assault between my buttocks.

I had closed my eyes, but when I heard the men cheer and applause again, I opened them to see both Eddy and Georgie being manipulated the same as me, and to my shock I saw both their pricks harden; pointing straight out from their bellies.
