 Chapter 15:

Two weeks had passed, making it a week before graduation. I had already told my parents that I was going to move out. Shockingly, my father supported it. Saying that it was good that I was being an adult by making decisions like these. My mother cried at first but was also proud of me. 

The Friday before graduation, my cousin Steven had come over. It turned out our parents planned a weekend at the Casino called Morongo. Leaving me and Steven with the house all to ourselves. Our parents did that often, they knew we couldn't go to the Casino and that we wouldn't burn down the house, so they often left us alone with money for food. My younger brother had gone to visit our grandmother in New Mexico and would be back the week of graduation along with my grandma. 

As soon as our parents left, Steven ordered a pizza. I turned to him and said, "Hey, is it cool if I invite KJ?"

"Fuck yeah! I love that dude," he replied.

He and KJ always got along but were very competitive in fighting games. Sometimes a bit too much. As I texted KJ, I gazed at my cousin while he stood in the kitchen. He stood six feet tall with a thin frame. He wrestled in high school so he always made sure to stay in shape. The last time I saw him, he told me that he was planning to get a six pack. I wondered if he had finally achieved his goal.

KJ replied that he would head over in an hour. So in the meantime, I would hang out with Steven before KJ arrived. I honestly was worried about the situation. KJ and Steven were good friends but I never got an indication that Steven would be bicurious. And Steven knew that KJ was gay, but never really cared about it. From the things he told me in the past, he only dated women. We never talked about sex honestly. Although I was afraid of what could happen, I was also curious if my cousin would say yes. 

I stepped into the kitchen and spoke, "KJ will be here in an hour."

"Dope," he said washing his hands, "Strawberries?" he said offering me the recently washed strawberries. 

I declined his offer and just stood next to the counter. 

He shrugged and began to talk, "So my parents told me that you're moving out soon."

My response came in as a nod.

"You looking for a roommate? I'm going to PCC"

My jaw dropped down to the floor in shock. Could I have possibly found our fourth roommate? I wonder if he would even be down to move in with me, Dick and Javi. Especially due to the things we do. I decided to keep the details to myself and feed him little information. I wanted to see how this weekend would go between him and KJ.

When the hour passed, KJ had arrived. KJ practically ran to my cousin and shook hands.

"So, you wanna get your ass kicked?" KJ said.

"I'll kick your ass with my new main," my cousin retorted. 

They both laughed and Steven was the first to walk to my room. KJ turned to me and winked. 

I walked up to him before he moved and placed my hand on his shoulder, "Don't go too far, okay?"

He nodded. 

The two had been at it for a while now in Injustice 2. It was a constant back and forth, practically even. I was wondering how long they were going to keep this up. They had done a total of 40 games, 20 wins to KJ and 20 to Steven.

KJ turned to me and winked then turned to Steven who was drinking from his glass. "So, Steven, how about we spice things up?"

"Alright, what? No gear? One health bar again?"

"Nah, how about..." he paused pretending to think for a few seconds, "How about every time we lose a match, the loser removes a piece of clothing?"

Steven began to laugh, "That's pretty gay, bro."

"What? Scared you'll lose and we'll see that tiny dick?"

My cousin's laugh turns into a frown, "You're on bitch!"

KJ was wearing blue jeans with a black shirt with socks on. While my cousin wore practically the same. So it was even. 

The first round went to Steven, so KJ started slow and removed his socks.

The next round, KJ won and Steven took off his socks.

KJ lost and removed his shirt, then Steven lost and he removed his shirt. I noticed that Steven had attained his goal of getting a six pack. 

The next fight was a very close one but KJ ended up losing. Slowly, KJ removed his jeans and now sat wearing only his grey briefs.

"Nice underwear," Steven mocked.

The next match started badly for KJ, my cousin got a good combo in on him and thus resulted in KJ losing his first health bar while Steven still had half of his first health bar. But KJ was relentless in the second round, dropping both the first and second health bar. I heard my cousin curse when he lost. He stood up and removed his pants. He wore black Calvin Klein trunks. 

"Well, look at those legs go up and make an ass out of themselves," KJ said slapping Steven's ass. 

"Back off bitch!" my cousin yelled. He sat back down.

"Alright one more," KJ said. But before the next match started KJ spoke, "Let's add some fun to this?"

"What now?"

"How about if I win, I get to suck your dick?"

"The fuck? Hell no,"

"If you win you can get my Rajang statue."

My cousin sat back stunned. The Rajang statue that KJ was referring to was this statue of a monster from a game called, Monster Hunter. It was a game we used to play when we were younger. My cousin always wanted to get that statue but never had the money to do so. 

"So, wait, if you win, I get a blowjob and if I win I get your Rajang statue?"

KJ nodded.

Steven turned to me, "What do you think?"

I shrugged, "I mean it's a win. You get either a blowjob or a rajang statue. And from what I've been seeing, there is a pattern. KJ just won, so you should be next to win. So don't fuck up."

Steven chewed on his lip and turned to KJ. "Alright, you're on bitch."

Steven was the first to drop KJ's first health bar, then it was KJ. They were now in the third and final round of the match. 

The third round was neck and neck, at the very end, both of them were one hit away from losing. But in the end, the winner was...KJ. 

"Fuck yeah!" KJ yelled in excitement. 

"Damn it!" Steven said angrily, "Ugh, alright. Just get it over with. Jason, you should probably leave."

"No, I want him to stay," KJ said.

Steven turned to me and said, "You tell anyone about this, I will kill you."

"I don't care, so don't worry about me telling anyone."

"Jason let me borrow your laptop, I need some porn for this."

I grabbed my laptop and handed it to him. Steven quickly found a porn site and browsed through videos until he found one he liked, "Alright, KJ get this over with."

KJ bent over Steven's crotch and stuck his hand into his underwear. He stroked my cousin's growing erection as he looked up at me. In my shorts, I could feel my cock growing. But Steven didn't know about my sexuality. 

KJ pulled out Steven's member from his trunks, it was long and had some girth to it. It was uncut. KJ pulled back the foreskin and took the member into his mouth. Steven let out a gasp when he did. He didn't waste time, KJ moved his head up and down my cousin's shaft. 

This resulted in Steven turning away from the laptop as he tilted his head back and closed his eyes. He let out a soft moan as the pleasure continued. "Holy shit, you're good," Steven said. 

Steven then used his arms to hold himself up as KJ went up and down his erection. He continued to let out a series of "Fucks."

Steven had his eyes closed the entire time which gave me the opportunity to stroke myself through my shorts pocket. My cousin was enjoying his blowjob. And part of me wanted to push KJ off of him and go down on my cousin but I knew I had to let KJ do what he had planned. I had to be patient and wait for my moment.

After a few more minutes, KJ told Steven if he could stand. Steven complied with the request and stood up with his side facing me. KJ continued to suck on my cousin's dick while his hands moved from his thighs up to my cousin's butt cheeks. His hands caressed the cheeks softly like if he was touching a delicate pillow. 

I envied him. When I was younger, I had stroked my cousin's dick while he was asleep, I never took his cock into my mouth. But I certainly wanted to. I wanted to reach over and pull his cock into my mouth, but instead, I waited and gazed at KJ as he pleasured my cousin's cock. It was truly an amazing scene to look at. KJ worked passionately. 

As KJ continued my cousin turned his head slightly and noticed me rubbing my erection through my shorts pocket and said, "You're turned on by this?"

Quickly, I began to think of an excuse and that's when KJ came to my rescue, "I think he wants part of the action." He smiled and pulled away from my cousin's dick. He placed his hands on my thighs and opened them, he smiled up at me while pulling down my shorts. Then he turned to my cousin and told him to sit down next to me. 

When Steven sat down next to me, KJ had already pulled down my briefs and had begun sucking on my cock. His left hand reached over to my cousin's member and he began to stroke it. 

KJ moved up and down my shaft slowly, rubbing his soft tongue under the shaft of my member. I tilted my head back as he worked me. Looking over for a bit, I noticed my cousin with his head back and his eyes closed enjoying the handjob. My eyes were glued to his cock as KJ's hand moved up and down his shaft. The foreskin covering then quickly uncovering the head of his penis. Oh did I want to put that cock in my mouth. 

I felt KJ slap my thigh and I looked down at him. His eyes kept pointing to my cousin's cock. He wanted me to tend to it. 

I gulped and used my left hand to reach over to my cousin's cock as KJ's hand left it. My cousin didn't react to my hand touching his member. He didn't even know it was me. Slowly, I moved my hand up and down his shaft. I turned back to KJ how was working hard on my cock. Somehow with his eyes, he was telling me to suck on my cousin's cock. 

First, I checked if Steven was looking before I bent over his crotch. I pulled back the foreskin and took his cock into my mouth. After a few seconds of no protest, I continued to move my head up and down making sure to rub my tongue under his shaft. My right hand moved down to his balls and began playing with them. 

I was able to keep this up for a few minutes until he finally opened his eyes. He nearly yelled when he said, "What the fuck?"

KJ quickly jumped to camp him down, "Hey man, just let it happen. We're all horny."

"But, I didn't know you were into that Jason," Steven said in shock. 

I pulled his cock out of my mouth and looked up at him, "Turns out I'm bisexual."

He turned to KJ then back to me, "Alright, fuck it. Continue. We're already at this point."

This went on for another ten minutes. As he came close to cumming, he said "Fuck, I'm going to cum. Get me a napkin or something."

Before I could reply KJ told him to just cum in my mouth. Steven asked me if he could and I simply nodded. 

When he came, he shot powerful shots of cum into my mouth, filling a pool at the base of my tongue. He moaned with each shot that poured out. When he was done, I sucked on his peehole to make sure suck out every last drop. 

When I was done, I pulled off his cock and swallowed his load. Then I sat back and waited to cum in KJ's mouth. He worked my shaft so hard I felt like cumming many times but didn't. I wanted him to wait for the explosion. 

While KJ sucked on it, my cousin asked me several questions about my sexuality. I answered every single one and he honestly felt a bit betrayed that I never told him given that we grew up so close. 

A loud gasp left my mouth when I came in KJ's mouth, I grabbed the back of his head and held it down as I shot my load deep into his throat. When I was done cumming in his mouth I let him drain every last drop I could put out. KJ then sat back up and looked at the two of us. 

Steven said, "That was amazing. Both of you know how to suck a dick well. I'm impressed."

My cousin then tucked his flaccid member away and I did the same. KJ instead of asking me to suck him off decided to go to the restroom. While he was in there, my cousin and I talked. 

"I'm sorry I surprised you like that," I said to him. 

He lay on his back looking up at the ceiling, "It was a bit shocking at first, but like KJ said, we were all in the moment," He turned to me and grinned, "Not going to lie though if you would have told me about your sexuality earlier. I might have enjoyed your lovely blowjobs a lot sooner."

"Well, I was a bit nervous and also I didn't know if you would have been down."

"Yeah, that's true. Not sure how I would have taken it at first. But fuck it, we are here now." 

When KJ came back out, the three of us in our underwear sat down on the bed to watch a movie on Netflix. 

The week flew by fast. It was now the day of graduation, I had only invited my family to the ceremony because I felt it weird to invite Dick and Javi. Which they agreed with me. I couldn't believe that 13 years of school was about to come to an end. The emotion filled me quickly. I was about to leave my friends and my teachers. It was finally going to be over, I was going to be off the college soon and my life was once again going to change. But at the end of the day, I had made it. And I was happy. 

During the week, Steven and I talked a bit more and I convinced him to move in with Javi, Dick, and I. He was going to move in his stuff this weekend along with me. Steven, however, didn't know about Dick, Javi and myself's sexual shenanigans, but I was sure that he would be okay with it. 

As for Jenny, I spoke with her more and I continued to parade myself in front of her but never fucked her. Even though I had said I would. She,of course, got mad, but I knew she would get over it come graduation. 

The ceremony started and came to a close quickly. Our principal made a speech, thanked certain people, handed out awards and stuff, then ran through all our names as we each passed by to pick up our diploma. We threw our hats in the air and celebrated. 

The rest of the day, I spent it with my friends and family at my house celebrating our achievement. The three of us spent it in my room having fun until bedtime, well at least for my parents. It was midnight when I went and checked the door to see if everyone was asleep. When all I saw was darkness around the house, it was a signal that it was all clear. I quickly closed the door and locked it. Within seconds, I felt KJ's hands on my pants. He quickly undid my belt and pulled down my pants, to reveal my black briefs. He pulled them down and immediately got to sucking on it. My head tilted back against the door as he moved his tongue under the shaft sending pulses of pleasure up and down my body. My cousin stared in amazement rubbing his growing erection. He had grown accustomed to our little sessions, he was still straight but he did enjoy the blowjobs we gave him.

With his free hand, KJ signaled to my cousin to stand next to me. Which he did. KJ reached into my cousin's unzipped pants and began playing with his cock. My cousin then undid the flaps of his pants and I could see his erection wanting to break out of his white boxer briefs. KJ's hand reached inside to pull out the pulsing cock and quickly turned to suck it. With his right hand, he stroked my member while he sucked on my cousin's cock. He did this for a couple of minutes, but he brought my cousin and I close to each other just enough for KJ to suck on both of our cocks at the same time. With both of his hands free, KJ's hands reached around to our asses and carassessed them while he sucked on our dicks. 

I felt myself coming close to cumming as KJ continued this since he was just sucking the tip, but I did my best not to. I knew that this was going to go longer than just a blowjob. KJ had told me earlier that he wanted Steven to fuck one of us. I wasn't sure how he was planning to do this, but he just told me to trust him. So I did.

After a few minutes of KJ sucking our cocks, we changed positions. The three of us stripped down to our underwear, KJ wearing wore grey briefs. KJ then lied down on the floor next to the bed and told me to sit on his chest. I knew what he was asking. I hovered over his chest and entered my cock into his mouth. Then Steven stood before me with his cock out and I began to suck it. My hands were being used to hold myself up so I was sucking on my cousin's cock handless. I moved slowly back and forth, rubbing my tongue under the shaft of his cock. From my view, I could see my cousin's eyes rolling back in pleasure. He was enjoying it. 

KJ's hands were glued to my butt chucks as he sucked on my cock. At one point, he moved his head back and forth at a faster speed. He almost made me cum when he did. 

KJ then pulled off my dick and came out from under me to stand next to Steven. I stopped sucking on Steven's dick and turned to suck KJ's. As I did that, KJ began talking to my cousin. "So, Steven, you wanna fuck one of us?"

Taken aback by the question, Steven looked away from him and then down on me. "Uh, I don't know about that."

"It's fun. And come on, let's celebrate." 

To help KJ out, I stopped sucking his dick and returned to my cousin's. Steven let out a small moan when I did. His hand rubbed my head as I passionately sucked his member. 

"So, Steven? Wanna fuck?" KJ insisted.

"Alright, let's do it," I heard him say. 

I released his cock from my mouth and the three of us climbed on top of my bed. The three of us removed our underwear and KJ was the first to be on his fours. KJ had already told me the position we would be using. I grabbed my bottle of lube and knelt behind KJ. Next, I told Steven to knelt behind me as I lubed myself up. I poured some lube on my right hand and reached behind me to lube up my cousin's dick. I told Steven what to do. Which was when I entered KJ that he was going to enter me. 

Slowly, I entered KJ's tight hole and when I was fully in, I waited for my cousin to enter. He was nervous of course, but after some support from me and KJ, he began to descend into my rectum. I winced of course when he did, he moved slowly deeper and deeper until he was fully in. 

I began to thrust slowly, it was my first time doing it in this position. But it felt amazing as I continued. I could feel my cousin's cock sliding in and out of my ass while my cock did the same to KJ's. 

Soft moans escaped our mouths as we continued. KJ's head was buried on the bed as I fucked him. Steven had wrapped his arms around me and his head was resting underneath my neck. I could hear him whisper out, "Faster," "Oh god you're tight," "oh fuck this feels good."

I had sped up for him, which resulted in him cumming first. He shoved his face in my back between my shoulder blades as he came in my ass. His grunts were muffled by my skin and his arms were wrapped tightly. I could feel his warm seed fill my rectum with each shot. Then he stopped but didn't pull out. I continued to thrust and his moans grew louder. I had to remind him that we had to be quick so he covered his mouth. 

Eventually, I came in KJ's ass while my cousin's remained in mine. I shot my load and slowly pulled out. Steven then placed his hands on my thighs and began to thrust, it was clear he didn't want to finish. So KJ turned onto his back and moved up a bit to allow me to bend down to suck his cock. My head bobbed up and down on KJ's shaft at a rapid rate until I felt his load explode into my mouth. He grabbed onto the sheets as he pumped each shot in and when he was done, he relaxed and I kept his erection in my mouth. Steven, on the other hand, had gotten into it completely and was going to town on my hole. I could hear whisper the same things he had said earlier as he did. Then after a few minutes, I felt him cum once again letting out a series of gasps as he did. When he was done, he bent down forward and lay on my back out of breath. I turned to him and smiled, "I see someone liked that."
