 ****Everyone in this story is fictional and 18 years of age****

Chapter 1:

House Achilles

The first week of summer college classes was going good for me and Steven. We had decided to take the same classes so we could be together. Thankfully we were able to. We hadn't made any new friends, only like two people from one of our classes. But it wasn't too bad. 

Dick said he wasn't going to start his classes until the fall since he wanted to devote more time to the shop. Javi had gotten a job as a fitness instructor at a local gym and was doing pretty well for himself. My cousin Steven was looking for work while I still worked at Dick's skate shop. I had been light on my spending since I was putting money aside to buy a car so I wouldn't have to keep using Javi's Jeep. Although he didn't mind. 

Steven had been living with us for about 2 weeks now and we haven't broken him in yet. I had told Dick and Javi that I wanted to take my time with him. I felt it would be a bit too overwhelming if my cousin found out every single one of his roommates fucked each other. So occasionally, I would suck my cousin's dick when they were both gone. 

Steven and I had just finished with a class when we decided to walk around the campus. We found an empty bathroom and entered cautiously. After checking all the stalls, we entered the one at the end of the restroom. I got down on my knees before Steven and quickly undid his pants. When I opened the flaps, I noticed he was wearing dark blue briefs. I look up at him and he replies, "KJ told me you like guys to wear briefs. You like them?"

"Yeah, they look good on you. I love the way they feel."

Steven grinned, "Good. I bought them at Target. I bought some for you too. The brand is called Pair of Thieves."

I smiled by his generosity and said, "Let me thank you," I rubbed his member until he was fully erect. Then I pulled down his briefs to pull out the cock and quickly took it into my mouth. I bobbed my head back and forth, sucking on every inch of his delicious cock. Thankfully, Steven had grown accustomed to me sucking on his cock. He enjoyed it a lot, sometimes I felt too often. I hadn't gotten around to asking if he would suck on mine, for the fear that he would get turned off by it.

I pulled down his pants just below his butt cheeks and I quickly got to caressing them. He loved when I did that. He felt like he was being worshipped. 

Steven's soft moans turned into grunts as he guided my head back and forth on his cock. I felt he was going to cum soon. 

He kept it up for a few more minutes until I felt him shoot his load into my mouth. He let out a loud grunt as he fired his last shot. Then I pulled off his dick and swallowed his load. I placed his deflating erection back into his briefs and rubbed my hand on the fabric. It was slick and soft, it felt good. The material was mesh-like. 

Before Steven could say a word, we heard a knock on the stall door.

"Alright, you two blokes, get out of there." 

Panic filled the two of us as we scrambled to come up with an idea. Then another bang happened, "I know what the two of yous were doin' Come on, get out."

As I stood up, Steven grabbed me and whispered to me, "Let's just do what he says, okay?"

I nodded and unlocked the stall door. 

When I opened it, there stood a thin guy with red hair. He wore jeans cut vest, with a white band shirt and tight blue jeans. 

He looked us up and down then spoke in his Irish accent, "Alright you two, you can't be doing stuff like that in this yer bathroom."

"We're sorry," Steven began to say before he was cut off by the Irish man.

"Listen here, you can do that stuff in here but you gotta ask permission."

Steven and I turned to each other then back at the guy, "From who?"

The Irish dude snickered before answering, "Alkibiades"

The Irish dude, who turned out to be named Patrick, told us that this bathroom belonged to a man by the name of, Alkibiades. I wasn't sure if that was his real name or not, but it was clear that Patrick wanted us to meet him. He said, he would take us to him for the right price and that we would be absolved of sin if we went. Steven suggested we just go and meet this man.

We walked off the campus and crossed the street and ended up walking a few blocks until we came to this white house in the middle of a residential street. The house reminded me of the white house a bit because it was big and it had these white columns on the porch. As we approached the porch, I noticed above on the roof it read, "House Achilles."

It was Greek themed, as Alkibiades was a Greek General during the Peloponnesian war and of course, Achilles, the demigod. Which gave me further evidence that the name Alkibiades was just a nickname for this dude. 

When we entered the house it was empty but there was stuff to indicate that people live here. We followed the Irish man down the steps to what looked like the basement. When we entered, Patrick closed the door behind us. 

The basement was massive and it housed a lot of cool stuff, from video games to a pool table. I noticed a bar and what looked like a hookah. At the end of the basement was a bed, the bed was surrounded by curtains. So I couldn't see what was inside. 

Patrick told us to stand and to let him do all the talking. He cleared his throat and spoke, "Your majesty, Alkibiades. I have brought you some criminals."

I was taken aback by the word criminals.

A dark figure moved behind the curtains then a few seconds later, the curtains opened. It was a man, a good looking one. A very good looking one. He crawled out of bed and stood only wearing black Calvin Klein briefs. He had tanned skin that covered his well-sculpted body. His wavy blonde hair hung just below his ears. 

He placed his finger on his lips and stared at me and my cousin. As if he were checking us out. My cousin and I remained perfectly still and quiet as he looked at us. Next, the man walked towards us and then around us, looking at us in every possible way. Then finally, he grabbed a chair and placed it in front of Patrick and sat down resting one leg on the arm of the chair, making sure we got a shot of his bulge. 

"So," he began to say in his deep voice, "What crime have these two boys done?"

"I caught this one," he pointed to me, "Giving the other one head in our bathroom."

"Oh, I see. Was he good?"

Patrick chewed on his lips before answering, "From what I could see, yea, he seemed to be good. Made the other guy cum in his mouth."

I wasn't sure how Patrick had seen us. Made me wonder if there was a camera inside or maybe he somehow snuck into the restroom without making noise and peeked through a hole or something.

Alkibiades gazed at me for a few seconds then spoke, "You! The dick sucker, come forward."

I gulped and then did as he ordered. He looked me up and down then spoke once again, "Why did you suck his dick in my restroom?"

The nervousness took over as my body began to shake but that's when I felt Alkibiade's hand touch my arm. I looked into his beautiful sea blues as he said, "Relax, my young friend. I just want to know."

I calmed down then told him, "My cousin and I got a bit horny so I wanted to suck his dick. I didn't know it was your bathroom. We are new to PCC."

"New to PCC? You're here for Summer classes?"

I nodded slowly.

"I see, so you are? Gay? Bisexual? Pansexual? What?"

"Bisexual, sir."

He smiled when he heard "sir" then he turned his attention to my cousin, "And you?"

"Uh, straight."

"I see."

"Does your cousin give good blowjobs?"

Steven nodded.

"I see, I see, I see." he placed his finger on his lip and looked down for a few seconds then back up at me. He smiled as he said, "Alright, I will forgive you this time, but you gotta give me something in return."

Steven then chimed in, "Why do we have to? It's the school's bathroom. I think anyone should be able to have sex there."

Alkibiades let out a small laugh and said to Steven, "Listen here, kids. That bathroom has been mine for almost 15 years. Everyone knows that, be lucky I am going easy on you two," He then turned to me and said, "And maybe, you two will have a great time here at PCC."

"Alright, what do you want?"

"Strip down to your underwear, the both of you. I want to see how you look."

I began to hear Steven protest when I said, "Just do it, okay?"

Steven groaned and began to undress, as did I.

Alkibiades carefully looked at us as we undressed. I wore my pink briefs while Steven wore his dark blue briefs. Next, I saw Alkibiades look into my eyes and with his index finger, he called me. I walked slowly to him and he made me stop about a foot away from him. He came closer to my crotch and sniffed it. I ain't going to lie, I was getting aroused by this attractive man. Next, he pulled out his tongue and ran it across my bulge slowly. My member twitched when he did that. 

He pulled away and then turned to Patrick, "Patrick, strip to your underwear. And bring the other one closer to me." Patrick did what was asked and was now standing there next to Steven only in his light blue briefs. 

Steven didn't do or say anything as Alkibiades did the same to him as he did to me. Then after about a minute. "You two boys, have done a no-no in my bathroom. But," he chewed on his lip, "You can make it up to me."

"Let me guess, you want us to suck your dick?" Steven said.

"On the contrary, I want your dicks to be sucked," He snapped his fingers and Patrick stood between us, "Suck their dicks."

Patrick simply nodded and knelt between us. With each of his hands, he rubbed our erections for a few seconds before pulling out our members. Me and Steven's members weren't hard just yet but Patrick quickly got to stroking us to get us there. I had already been semi aroused by the situation so I was the first one to get fully erect. Patrick wrapped his hand around my shaft and pulled back the foreskin, then took in my cock into his warm mouth. He began to move his head back and forth slowly. His tongue was pierced and it had a little ball on the top of his tongue, so when he ran his tongue under my shaft it felt amazing. 

After a few minutes of sucking, Patrick turned to tend to Steven's cock while he stroked mine. I looked to Alkibiades to see him quietly observing what was happening in front of him. I noticed that he wasn't erect, the bulge in his underwear hadn't changed. Could it be possible that this wasn't arousing to him?

Patrick returned to my dick and sucked on it at a rapid pace causing my eyes to roll back into my head. He sucked dick so passionately, it reminded me a bit of KJ. Causing me to feel bad that he wasn't here to enjoy this. 

For the next couple of minutes, Patrick alternated between me and Steven. Slurping on our cocks. From Steven's face, he was enjoying it as much as I was. Then, Alkibiades spoke, "Alright, I've seen enough. Make them cum."

Patrick removed my cock from his mouth and began to stroke our cocks. His hand twisted up and down our shafts at a steady speed. Then, after a few seconds, Steven was the first to cum. He shot his load out in a series of squirts that landed on Patrick's chest. I came soon after. I, too, unloaded myself on his chest. 

When we were done, Patrick stood up and said, "Sorry I didn't let you cum in my mouth, I don't like it." 

He excused himself from Alkibiades and then walked to the end of the room, where there was a bathtub. He turned on the faucet, removed his underwear and lied inside the tub.

"Did you two enjoy that?" Alkibiades said.

We both nodded and then I said, "How about you?"

He didn't say anything, instead, he called us. We both approached him and he ran his finger under each of our cocks and lifted a droplet of cum that hung at the tip. Taking his time, he placed the droplet in his mouth and then said, "It was, I hope to see you, two boys, again."

"We ain't your call girls," my cousin Retorted.

"We do more than this here honey, come back tomorrow and I will explain."

My cousin was going to say something else, but I stopped him from doing so and told him, "Let's go."

We put on our clothes and walked out of the room and out of the house. 

There was silence for the first few minutes, then Steven finally broke it. "Well, that happened."

"It did, but it wasn't bad. Better than getting out assess kicked."

"True, we could have taken the Irish dude."

"But Alkibiades?"

"Not sure, that guy was tall and well built. But something tells me, he's a lover, not a fighter."

"Could be? But then again, Alkibiades from history was a General."

"Fair point. You going to come back tomorrow?"

"Maybe, I don't know. I am curious about that guy."

"If you do, count me out. I have things to do tomorrow."