 ***Everyone in this story is fiction and is at least 18 years old or older***

*****

My name is Richard, I'm 23 years old. I own and work at the local skate shop in my Los Angeles neighborhood. I am opening bisexual and currently single. I've had a few sexual adventures with the most random of people. Today, my first story takes place at my skate shop. 

It was getting close to noon and I was getting hungry. I was the only person working at the small skate shop. The street was busy as usual, many people getting off of work to get some food. I look at my watch and see it's 11:55 am, I guess I can close early and get some food. I walk towards the front door and flip the open sign to read closed. I then hang the "Be back in..." sign. 

As soon as I turn my back I hear a knock at the door. I quickly turn and see this boy with his skateboard tucked under his arm. I could barely hear his voice due to the traffic outside. 

I walk up to the door and open it, I tell him "Hey, sorry we're closed for lunch."

Looking troubled he tells me "My board lost its wheel and it's my only ride home. I live a few miles away."

I was reluctant at first but what the hell, it would only take a few minutes. 

"Sure, come in." He comes in and I lock the door behind him. 

I guided him to the workshop in the back room. He hands me the board and leans against the counter. I inspect the board, one wheel in the front is completely off and the other is chipped badly. If he tried using it he wouldn't be getting far. 

I set the board down on the table as this kid begins looking at his phone. To break the silence, I ask him his name. "Oh, my name is Jason." 

"Richard, but my friends call me Dick," I say smiling. 

We both chuckle at the joke. 

This kid was young, possibly late teens maybe even early 20s. He was tall and thin with tan skin. He wore a black band shirt, black tracksuit bottoms, and his backpack hung behind him. His tracksuit shaped his nice little bubble butt and showed a small bulge in front. I ask him, "So you in college?"

He looks up from his phone, I could see his light facial hair growing. "No, in High school. I just turned 18 last week."

"Oh, happy belated birthday."

"Thank you."

I begin working on the board by taking off the wheels. "Man you kids these days love staring at your phones."

He put the phone down on the table and laughed, "Yeah, sorry. A friend of mine is telling about this girl he just had sex with."

"Wow, you kids are really horny aren't yah?"

His reply was a short laugh. "Yeah, to be honest man. She is hot." he showed me the picture of her, I looked at it briefly. She clearly looked in her 20s. Obviously his friend was playing him. I simply played along. "Well, I remember when I first lost my virginity. I didn't go around telling my friends about it. Maybe I grew up different. I don't know."

He turns to me and says "Do you have a girlfriend?"

"Nah, I don't have a girlfriend or boyfriend at the moment."

"Boyfriend?" he said confused. 

"Yeah, I tend to venture on both sides of the fence. I don't like to stay on one side. You know, explore the other side."

He looked back at his phone. "Oh, that's cool man. I get you." I noticed a light tent on his track pants. I look back at the board as he looks back at me. "So I'm guessing you've had plenty of sex." 

"I don't want to boast, but yes."

He leaned closer to me. He set his phone on the table next to the board. He comes in and whispers. "So, how is it?"

I give him a what the? Look. "Look kid, I don't like to kiss and tell. Specially to a high schooler like yourself."

Persistent he says "Come on man, my friend tells me but he makes it sound all rushed. Doesn't tell the details. Sometimes I think he's just lying."

I tell him to hand me the phone so I can see the picture once more. I look at it again to get a better look at it. I was right. His friend is just lying to him. I hand him back the phone. "She is a porn actress from a small porn studios. I've seen one of her videos. You're friend is totally lying to you."

"I knew it! I can't wait to call him out on it." He began texting his friend. I was almost done with the board, I glanced back at the clock and it was 12:02pm. I supposed I could order in. When he stopped texting his friend he asked once more. "So come on man, one sex story. I'll buy you lunch?"

I thought about it, a sex story for lunch was pretty simple. I guess he wanted a detail story for he could tell his friends. 

"Let me guess, you want to borrow one of my stories so you can abridge it to your own?"

He stood quite for a few moments then spoke, "Yeah, sorry. It's just I want to impress my friends. They think I'm a virgin."

"And are you?" I said tightening the screw on the new wheel. 

He was a bit hesitant, but finally gave an answer. "Yeah, I've had girlfriends but never have had sex with them. I've never even gotten a blowjob. My friends keep bragging about how their girlfriends give great blowjobs."

It then dawned on me, what if I gave this kid a blowjob. I mean it was wrong since he's a high schooler but he was 18. So I'm not breaking any laws, just a moral one. I pushed the idea away but I kept looking at him. His body was slim and it had been a while since I had any type of sex. I then looked down at his growing tent on his track suit pants. 

"Fuck it" I said outloud. 

"So you'll do it?" he said happily. "I'll buy you whatever lunch you want."

"No, actually." I said waiting for his facial reaction. He was sad. "Instead, how about I give you a blowjob?"

He stepped back, "Dude I ain't gay." 

"Trust me, it ain't gay to get a blowjob. I've given dozens of blowjobs to the straightest men. A few have told me that it's just a blowjob, doesn't have to mean anything. A mouth is a mouth."

I paused hoping for an answer from Jason. "Think about it, better getting the actual experience than retelling someone else's."

"Hmm, so I would just tell them that it was a girl who did it?"

"You catch on pretty quick, kid. So how about it? Seems like a fair trade, blowjob for lunch. Heck I'll even waive the price on fixing your board."

"Really? You'll do that?" he said shocked. 

"Yeah sure, why not. Just got to make sure you're 18 and of course you won't rat me out."

"Yeah yeah" he said as he pulled out his wallet from his backpack. He handed me the id and I saw his birtdate, he was 18. I handed it back to him. "Alright then. We got ourselves a deal?"

Jason thought about it one last time, "yeah a deal. But how does this work? And where and when?"

"That is entirely up to you. We could do it now, right here. Or we can do it another day, somewhere else."

Jason began thinking about it. It was evident that he wanted to do it now by his growing tent in his track suit. As he thought about it, I finished putting the new wheel on his board. I handed it to him, "So, you just tell me when and where."

Jason grabbed it and inspected it, "Wow this is a great job. Thanks." he placed the board on the table. He looked at me. "How about now?" he said quietly.

I looked at the time. It was 12:15. I had 15 minutes to blow this kid maybe longer. I was the only person here today. "Sure" I replied. 

Jason stood there nervous. I put my hand on his shoulder. "Hey, you're going to like this."

"Yeah, so how does this work?"

I walk to the backroom door and close it, locked it. I come back to him. "Well, you don't have to do anything but relax and enjoy it." 

"Do I stand or sit?" he said nervously. 

"Whichever."

He simply stood, took a deep breath and nodded at me. "Alright, let's do this."

I kneeled before him. I saw his growing bulge directly in front of my face. I decided to give 

this kid the full experience of a blowjob. Starting with the teasing. I began kissing his bulge, it grew even longer. Then I gave it a few licks. I pulled down his tracksuit pants to his thighs. He wore gray briefs. I look back at him. "I'm on track, Coach says they are good for running." Jason replied.

"You look good in them." I said. I begin licking his shaft through the underwear. I began hearing light moans coming from him. When I felt he was fully erect, I pulled down his briefs down a bit, just below the his balls. 

There it was, 6 inches long, uncut with a bit of girth. His balls hung low and they looked so good. I grabbed his shaft with my right hand and slowly took in his member. I begin to lightly suck on it, I could hear his moans getting louder with each suck. I put my left hand on his thigh, while I used my right hand to gently stroke his dick. I sucked on the tip for a bit before moving down the shaft, I took it all in as much as I could and then slid my mouth out. 

I look at him while he begins taking deeper breaths, "Ready for the next step?" 

He looked at me confused. I put it back in my mouth, this time my hands reached around him and grabbed on this his smooth ass. I began sucking faster than before. He began moaning even louder. Bobbing my head back and forth, touching everything i could touch on him, his ass, thighs, stomach, lower back. I took it all. 

I stopped after 2 minutes, using my right hand, I began stroking his cock to catch some breath. He looked down at me, he was really enjoying it. I began to play with his balls, one by one I began sucking on them. He moaned even louder. He whispered "I'm gonna cum soon. Got any tissues?" 

I looked back at him and dropped his ball out my mouth, "Cum in my mouth" before Jason could say anything. I took his cock back in my mouth. I began sucking faster than before, my left hand playing with his balls, while my right hand caressed his little ass. 

After a few seconds, It happened. I felt the warm shots hit the back of my throat. He gasped and let out a loud moan while he shot his young load into my mouth. Jason's hands rested on my head while I continued to suck him. I wanted every drop, I sucked until there was no more cum to get from him. I pulled my mouth off his dick and swallowed his delicious warm load. 

Jason leaned against the table, breathing heavily. His erection slowly going away. I stood up before him. "So, what you think?"

"Best. Fucking. Blowjob ever." He managed to say. "Man, that was amazing. I can't wait to tell my friends." 

"I'm glad you enjoyed it. Now you might want to put your stuff back on and get my food." 

Jason stood up, pulled his briefs back on, then his tracksuit pants. "For that great blowjob, I will get you whatever food you want."

After a few moments, he picked up his board and went out the door with my order. I wasn't sure if he would even come back with my food. I went to the back room to see if he left anything or if there was any evidence of our little encounter. I saw his phone on the counter, he was going to have to come back. He needed it to tell his little story. 

While I waited, I began putting the tools away. I turned my right and I saw the camera in the top corner. "Shit" I had forgotten that we just put cameras in the building. Lucky for me, the recordings were in the main office. I began to panic, if any of the employees see it I might have bigger issues to worry about. I heard the knock on the door, I look out and see it was Jason.

I unlock the door and he hands me the food. "Thanks" I tell him."

"No, thank you dude. Catch you later. Thank you again for the board." he said smiling. 

"No problem kid. Enjoy teasing your friends."

Jason dropped his board to the floor and began skating off. "I will!" he yelled. 

I went into the office after he left to check the videos. I sat there with my food on the desk. I began searching through the footage and there it was, the entire thing was caught on the store security camera. "Fuck!" 

I needed to erase this somehow, but the thing was; I didn't know how. I sat there and began eating my food, hoping that food in my stomach would help. 

After a few minutes, I finished my food and then began looking through my Facebook friends. Then it hit me, my friend Dylan was good at video editing. Maybe he could cut out the footage. I grabbed my phone and began dialing his number. I walked out the office into the back room and saw Jason's phone on the counter. The ringing stopped when I heard Dylan's voice.

"Hey man, what's up?" he said. 

"Hey Dylan, I need a favor. And I need it now." I said to him. I was hoping Dylan would be able to help me get rid of this clip. But I knew Jason would be back to get his phone.