 The dough was soft and stuck to my hands. I added some flour from the open container beside me, continuing to knead it. The brick ovens behind me threw heat out carelessly, bathing my back in their warmth. I wiped my brow with the back of my forearm as I tried not to drip into the dough. Some perspiration in the soon-to-be crust was inevitable, but, as they say, the best bread contains the sweat of its maker. I thickened it until it was about the right consistency, then spread it out some, readying it. I tossed it into the air, and it swirled around gracefully as I caught it in my hands, never letting it stop moving in circles. This was my favorite part. When it was done, I placed it onto a long handled pizza shovel, as I called it, and added the toppings the customer had requested.

"Another large pepperoni," the boy I had hired to work the register called back as I pushed the laden dough off into the oven. He was not the most qualified person that had applied for the job when I offered it, but then, that depended on which qualifications were considered. Of course, I had interviewed the whole five applicants, all teenagers, and two of whom were female. I had discarded their chances as soon as I saw them, not that they knew that. I started with another pile of flour. Of the other three, two were in high school, looking for summer jobs. The other was a college kid, also looking for summer work. The last, Drew, was my choice. He was pale skinned and fairly thin, with dirty blonde hair and hazel eyes. He had looked at me that day with lust in those eyes, and I had laughed inside. Perfect.

The direct heat from the oven singed my hands as I pushed the second pizza into the oven next to the first. Business inside was slow, and no more orders had come yet, so I took a seat outside the hot kitchen at an empty table. The chatter in the shop was gentle, and not many tables carried customers. As it turned out, this was not the place for people to be at eleven at night. Customers hardly came in any more, anyway, preferring delivery.

"Oh, well," I thought. "Business is business." I glanced over at the boy as he came out from behind the counter, his shirt stuck to his body from the heat of the ovens. His bubble butt bounced seductively as he walked to another empty table. I got to stare at him all day. I could tell he tried to work out, as his whole body was well-built, but it was lean and efficient looking. Not like Bruce's or mine, whose muscles bulged out from our skin, though Bruce's much more than mine. Maybe Drew was a swimmer. His round butt was not very aerodynamic, I thought, not that it bothered me any. I remembered the taxi driver from three nights ago, trying to decide whose body I liked more. The dark, rippling burliness of the cab driver's tanned body, or this boy's thinner, lighter frame. My eyes meandered down his thin side, across his trim thighs, and along his supple calves, then back up to his streaked mop, which was combed to the side. His head turned toward me, and I pretended to stare at the picture on the wall behind him. I saw his cheeks redden out of the corner of my eye. Suppressing a smile, I turned my head to the door. His shyness only made me want him more.

I watched as the people inside left, realizing the pizzas in the oven must have been from a phone call. My delivery boy would be returning soon to take them to the customers. I rubbed my cheek with my hand, my shaven face smooth on my fingers. Too smooth. I was still covered in flour, and I had just transferred it to my face. The boy was smiling, his head forward. As I tried to wipe it away with my wrist, the bell above the door clanged quietly. Looking up, I saw that it was none other than the driver from Saturday night, his taxi parked outside. I gave my face one more quick rub and returned behind the counter to the kitchen, excitement coursing through my veins. The boy followed, continuing to the register.

I saw Bruce approach through the large hole in the partial wall that separated the kitchen from the dining area, noticing he had not shaven since our recent encounter. His dark stubble only enhanced his masculine face. He glanced at me, his dark, lustful eyes shining. He made me unbelievably horny.

"How can I help you, sir?" Drew's question pierced the air. Bruce looked at him, almost surprised. I watched him take the boy in, and he did not bother to hide what he was doing. His eyes covered every part of the boy visible over the counter, and he even tilted his head slightly to see farther down. The boy shied away from him, embarrassed.

"Hmm..." Bruce's deep, rich voice rumbled as he looked past him into the kitchen. "Nice kid you got here." He caught my eyes in his and grinned. No modesty, I thought, none whatsoever. Still, I could not help but become aroused at his display, becoming even more excited because of his approval of Drew. Just then, the bell clanged again. I hurriedly moved to the oven that had the two pizzas, grabbing a wooden shovel. I hoped my apron would cover the bulge in my pants. I could feel his eyes on me. He just waited there, knowing I could not resist him, as I put the pizzas in boxes and gave them to the delivery boy who had just come in. I handed the deliverer a slip with the addresses and almost pushed him out the door, flipping the sign to Closed as I did so.

Drew was rifling through his tip cup, and he gave me a puzzled look as I surveyed Bruce, the muscular man now leaning against the counter, facing me. He wore black again today, his shirt skin tight, and jeans pulled taught over his thick legs. His pecs bulged against his shirt, and the muscles of his arms stretched the short, black sleeves. His brown eyes glinted at me under his brow. My yearning for him burned, only fueled at the thought of Drew being there. The windows were frosted to above eye level, the door included. I hoped it would protect from wandering eyes on the street. The pressure in my groin increased.

"Umm, sir?" Drew managed to say, confused. I ignored him, my attention wrapped up in Bruce's beautiful body. His cavernous chest pulsed with a brief chuckle. He just stood there against the counter, facing me, with one leg raised slightly, his foot against the wall behind him. I could not wait much longer.

I strode toward him, pulling my shirt over my head and throwing it onto a nearby table, exposing my toned, hairless chest. Drew's breath caught, and change clattered onto the floor.

Bruce's lips met mine, and my tongue drove straight into his mouth. His eyes widened, then relaxed again, and he pressed his wet mouth muscle against mine. Our tongues danced around each other, pushing and gliding past one another, and our saliva mixed. I reached behind him and grabbed his firm butt with both hands, squeezing it through the jeans. I pressed myself against him, and him me, our abs and torsos grinding together, his body hot on mine. His hands were on my shoulder blades, pulling me closer. I could feel his dick hardening against my leg. 

Drew had not moved, so I reached behind Bruce and brushed my hand on his cheek, tearing my face from the man's for a moment and looking Drew straight in the eye. He turned pale, and I thought he was going to pass out right there. Bruce licked my cheek, moving his tongue slowly up from my jawline to under my eye. I put mine back in his mouth, tasting flour. Dammit.

My hand returned to his back, then worked its way to the lining of his pants over his well defined muscles. I found the edge of his shirt and pulled. He raised his arms as I pulled it over his head and tossed it to the side. He went to lower them again, but I held the right one up with my left arm, my hand just under his elbow. His other fell to my ass. I licked my way down his neck, then across his shoulder to his armpit. He wore no deodorant, but must have showered recently, as the sweat was fresh. His smell filled my nostrils. I licked his underarm hair as he had licked my cheek, slowly and from the bottom to the top. The hairs tickled my tongue, and I tasted his delicious, salty taste.

The tops of my feet tickled. I glanced down, only to see Drew had recovered and was untying my shoe. I knew he wanted me. I worked my way over to Bruce's nipple, ringing the pad with my tongue. I let his arm drop, and his hand traced a line up my thigh to my groin, where it messaged the cock that raged against my jeans. I shrugged my shoes off with some help, then grasped at the muscles over his shoulder blades, pushing him against me with one hand, still squeezing his butt cheek with the other. I loved the feel of his ass. So firm and round...I moved to the front of his pants to undo his zipper even as he did to me. I nibbled at his nipple with my teeth, still messing with my tongue. He groaned. A moment later, he shifted as Drew pulled off his shoes, then raised his hands to play with my own erect nipples, giving up on my pants for the time being. I finally got his jeans unbuttoned and the zipper down, and I proceeded to pull his loosened pants down around his ass so I could touch his cheeks directly.

Drew was fumbling with my pants button from behind me, and got it undone, pulling them down to my ankles. He left my underwear, probably out of some last semblance of formality. Oh, well, I thought. Half my dick stuck out of the leg hole, as usual. I pulled my hands off Bruce's behind and struggled out of my boxer briefs. Drew seized the chance and moved between us, sinking to his knees. I saw that he was completely naked. I had never seen him without a shirt before, and it was better than I had imagined. The ideal little muscle twink, I thought, with pale skin and lean muscularity, he was a little on the lanky side. His medium-sized cock throbbed between his legs as he situated himself between us. I did not have long to stare, however, as he wrapped his fists and hot, wet mouth around my shaft and sent my eyes rolling back into my head.

"Uuhhh..." I moaned. "Fuuuuck." He was good. My hands moved to the back of Drew's head as Bruce pulled himself out of his clothes and started to jack himself. Precum oozed from the tip of his thick member as he yanked, the muscles on his chest and arms tensing and relaxing. Drew's mouth has amazing. His thick lips worked up and down on my cock, going from the very tip, where he played with my hole, to as far down as he could, which was a little over a third of the way. Not bad, considering how much smaller he was than Bruce. He started to suck harder, and his cheeks melded around the girth of my cock. I could see it in the indents in the sides of his face. I moaned continuously.

He pulled off me, slobber stretching between him and my dick. My member twitched, more hot precum rolling out over its underside. Not bothering to wipe his mouth, he plunged onto Bruce's hard on, and I watched his masculine features relax with the pleasure. His mouth hung open as he watched Drew's head bob, and deep groans issued from him. Drew was able to take Bruce's large dick to the base, and his gag reflex was nonexistent. He went back and forth on his thick shaft continuously, his throat tight around Bruce's dick. I stared in amazement as I worked at my own cock with one hand wrapped as far as I could get it around its girth, the other hand on my nipple. He could hold his breath for a really long time.

Bruce's face was becoming strained, his breathing more labored, and his groaning from deeper in his chest. Drew had to be breathing somehow. His lips were forced wider as the cock in his mouth became fully engorged, but not once did he gag. Spit fell in globs from Bruce's shaft. The brawny man's face was turning red.

Suddenly, Drew heaved himself off the dick, making a delicious sucking sound. Bruce tensed for a second, fighting the urge to jerk his swollen member, then relaxed, allowing a huge flow of precum to seep forth. His cock was pulsing up and down rhythmically to the beating of his heart.

The twink took a deep breath, then again submerged my dick in his gaping mouth. My hands fell away before him. I tipped my head back to take in the sensation of his cheeks, his lips, his tongue, then brought it back down to watch him. He pulled back to the engorged head slowly, and I felt him slide over my protruding veins. He stopped at the ridge, then dove onto me, opening his mouth even wider than the girth of my broad shaft. I felt his dangling uvula on my head, but he pushed further and further, skewering himself on my dick. His throat was amazing. It was ridged and tight, as tight as any ass I'd ever been in. He was within two inches of the base of my long cock, and I could feel that I was deep in his throat. 

"Shiiiiit..." I croaked. My cock spasmed, sending a chill through my body, and precum oozed straight down his throat. I wondered if there was a bulge in his neck underneath, where I could not see. He gagged some, his throat squeezing out an inch of my fat cock, and he pulled back to the head once more, his tongue swirling on my skin. He tried again, this time reaching just as far, but going back to the head after he reached his limit. His hand covered what he could not reach as he shoved my dick into his throat, then out, then in, out, in, all the while his cheeks, tongue, lips, and hands working me as well. He held onto my ass, pressing me toward him as my hips started to thrust involuntarily. Precum oozed out of me without end, directly into him. I moaned each time he went down on me.

My whole body grew burning hot as he continued to stimulate my entire dick. Bruce was in front of me, wanking again, one hand pinching my nipple. I could do nothing but hold my hands on Drew's head and he sucked me, my fingers pulling at his hair. Saliva poured down my ball sac. My insides were beginning to tingle, and my cock swelled in his throat. He kept going. I could not take it. My torso bent forward sporadically, and my balls ached. He pulled away, making the same sucking sound as before. I held back the urge to cum. If I so much as touched my cock, I would explode, but I wanted the tension to build. If I could hold out now, it would be that much better later.

Slowly, the throbbing subsided. I realized I was hunched over, by arms on Drew's shoulders. My sweaty smell was almost overpowering, but it helped fuel the carnal fire in my belly. Drew's hands were on his jaw, messaging the muscles, and Bruce's jerking had slowed to gentle stroking. 

"Holy fuck," I breathed. No one had ever taken that much of me in his mouth before. I leaned over and gave him a sopping, tongue-filled kiss. Now it was our turn.

Bruce leaned over, picking Drew up under the arms, and set him belly up on a table. His eyes gleamed as he looked Drew in the eyes, running one of his fat fingers up the boy's crack, over his pinched hole, and groping his balls. He moved his hand back down and rubbed Drew's hole, jacking himself slowly with the other. He spat on the tight, dark rosebud and spread the wetness over Drew's skin.

I knelt behind Bruce and grabbed his beautiful ass once more, squeezing it and stretching the cheeks apart to expose his hole as well. I could see his balls bouncing to the rhythm of his hand through his legs as I moved my thumbs over the entrance to his tunnel. Dark hair was pulled taught as I caressed the skin, and his hole loosened notably as he opened it to me. He was inviting me in. I spat just above the opening, and I watched the clear liquid seep down over him. I pushed it into his tight hole with my thumbs, my palms still clenching at his cheeks.

Bruce was so absorbed in Drew that he hardly noticed me get up and move behind the counter, where I grabbed a half empty bottle of vegetable oil. When I returned, Bruce had bent himself over the twink's ass and was digging his face into Drew's backside. The boy's body twisted in pleasure, the lapping of Bruce's tongue clearly audible. Bruce's buttocks were thrust out, his cheeks parted, and I poured a bit of oil, warm from the heat of the ovens, at the beginning of his crack. It oozed down the split, and I caught it just before it reached his balls, smearing it upwards over his skin and around his hole. I added some, and then applied it with both my hands. My cock was throbbing as I messaged his ass cheeks with the warm oil, making it shine in the fluorescent light of the shop. He moaned into Drew's butt. One of my hands moved around his wide body toward his dick, whose long foreskin he had between his fingers, stretched over the head of his member, and he was pinching it. I wrapped my oily hand around it and started to work up and down on the taught skin. It felt incredibly smooth with the oil, and I soon found myself beating him furiously, his balls swinging violently and hitting my hand. My other hand was still playing around his opened hole, occasionally poking into his soft insides with a finger. I slowed my other hand to the sounds of Drew's and Bruce's combined moans, Drew's voice almost a squeal in comparison to the driver's. Bringing it to his balls, I stuck my other index finger into Bruce as far as it would go, pulled it out, then drove two fingers into his tight tunnel. I added another finger, and his walls pressed in on them. I wiggled them around a bit, vaguely remembering his hot spot, but was quickly reminded by the intensity of his moans. I could hear the squelching sound as he beat himself, and I could feel his hand hit mine as it moved up and down on his shaft. I could wait no longer.

I straightened and placed my throbbing shaft onto his crack, moving back and forth. I rubbed some more oil all over my cock. Bruce's head was bobbing now, his mouth on Drew's dick, and his fingers were in the boy's hole. Drew's hands were gripping the man's head, following it in its path up and down, his head turned back and his body arched. His legs rested on Bruce's shoulders. The sight made my cock rage, and I ran it down Bruce's crack, stopping at his puckered asshole. I pressed lightly on the wrinkled skin, and I watched the head of my cock change shape under the pressure. I could feel the hole expand as he pushed his sphincter open, and my dick slipped inside him. My mouth opened in a wordless gasp as my shaft sank into him, inch by inch. The oil had eliminated almost all resistance, and I only felt the soft, sensuous pressure of his insides on my rigid member as I drove slowly into him. My pubic hair finally reached his backside, and I was completely lost in his warmth. He had stopped bobbing, and his head was below the line of his shoulders in a cringe. I stayed in him for moment as he adjusted to me. He gasped.

"Holy shit," came Drew's voice from over Bruce's shoulder. He had propped himself up on his elbows, and his eyes were wide. I smiled a lustful smile, my eyes glinting.

"You're next, you know." He just stared as I pulled the length of my shaft out of Bruce, then plunged back inside him before his hole closed. I started to pump in and out, back and forth, my balls thudding against Bruce's ass. He recovered enough to resume sucking Drew, but the twink's eyes never moved from my cock. I squeezed Bruce's ass cheeks as I thrust myself into him, grunting as my hips slapped his firm butt. I watched my shaft slide past his asshole, just as I felt Drew's eyes on me. Bruce's ring moved along my cock, an amazing feeling against my skin, and his lubed insides pressed against me. I increased my pace, leaning my upper body back and extending the movements of my body as I thrust, still holding onto his butt. I could feel his muscles tense every time I slammed into him. His hulking body glistened with sweat and oil, rippling as he absorbed the impacts of my thrusts and bobbed on Drew. My panting soon accompanied the squelch of me moving in Bruce's ass.

I pulled out, then pushed in again. Bruce groaned. I did it again, my engorged member sliding completely out of him, and then shoving back in to the hilt.
