 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

Dick:

After Jason left, my brother and I continued to talk about how Jason might be having sex with a girl soon. I personally didn't care and was happy that he was going to have a sexual experience with a girl.

"So, Jason is going to have sex with a girl."

"Yeah, crazy huh?" my brother said. 

"It wasn't long ago that I was sucking his dick the store."

"It was literally last night that he was sucking my dick."

We both chuckled. Then my brother turned to me, "You taught him well."

"That I did."

He moved closer to me, "remember that time at the beach?"

"Yeah?"

"That was fun, we should do it again."

"We should. How about next week or something?"

"Sounds good to me."

My brother got up and stretched then went to his bedroom to lie down. With him resting I decided to watch something on Netflix. 

A few minutes later, I get a text from my brother telling me to come into his room. I paused the show and went into his room. I found him lying down on his bed only in his blue trunks.

"What's up?"

He smiled at me, "I can't sleep. I can use some company."

I returned the smile and said, "You know, this house is full of horny guys. I can't imagine what will happen at the new place."

"Shut up and get over here."

I kicked off my shoes and lied down next to my brother. He wrapped his arm around me and we began to kiss. My hand moved up and down his body while his free hand reached around and grabbed my ass. Next, he unbuttoned my pants with his other hand and opened the flaps to stroke my throbbing member through the fabric of my underwear. My lips left his and moved down his body until I reached his crotch. I rose and removed my shirt and bent back down. I pulled down his underwear and wrapped my right hand around the shaft of his member. I pulled back the foreskin and licked the tip a few times before taking it into my mouth. 

The beast filled my mouth. And I took it nice and slow letting it all go in. Javi then placed his left hand on my head as I bobbed my head. He would push my head down driving his member deep into my throat. I held it there for a few seconds letting the muscles in my throat massage his member. Javi moaned, "Oh yeah, that's the spot"

When released, I moved up his shaft making a slurping noise. With my right hand, I stroked his saliva covered member and stared at him. He looked at me with his eyes and said, "My turn."

I let go of his member and pulled off my pants. Then approached his head that was resting on the headboard. He pulled down my pink briefs and took my throbbing cock into his mouth. His hands reached around to caresses my butt cheeks. I used the wall to hold myself up while he moved his head back and forth. His hands moved up my back then back down to my thighs then back up to my butt. He pulled me closer to him shoving my cock into his throat. Holding it there for a few good seconds letting the muscles massage the tip. I pulled out and let him stroke my member. He looked up at me and licked the tip. I felt like I was going to cum then and there, but I didn't. He continued to suck on my member for a few more minutes until I felt the load surge through my shaft. I exploded into my brother's mouth. Filling the cavity of his mouth.

When I was done, I pulled out and looked down at him as he swallowed my load. Next, I moved down and was now over his stomach. I pulled down my briefs and spit into my hand. I stroked his member for a few seconds, making sure it was hard. Then I began to shove it into my hole. He inched in bit by bit until he was fully in. I leaned forward onto him as he began to thrust slowly into my hole. 

Gasps escaped my mouth as he continued. I loved his big cock and I loved servicing my brother. Our breathing was in rhythm as he thrust into me. His hands were clamped on my butt cheeks as he moved faster and faster. Driving his cock into my tight hole. This caused the bed to move back and forth. And I could feel the tip of his penis rubbing against my prostate. I sat up with his hands moving up my body.

We stared at each other as loud gasps escaped our mouths. Within minutes, the gasps turned into loud moans. I knew it was climax was coming soon. We continued for a few more minutes until I felt his warm seed fill my hole. My brother cried out with each pump shooting into my hole. He kept thrusting as he came, he didn't want to stop and neither did I. But unfortunately, exhaustion came to us and my brother finally came to a stop. I collapsed onto his stomach and then felt his hand rub my back up and down. 

Without saying anything, we lied there together with his cock up my ass.

Jason:

The light from the flashlight blinded us as the person spoke once again, "I'd like an answer."

My body told me to run but for some reason, I didn't. I figured it wouldn't have been smart, he would likely catch up to one of us. I was surprised Ares didn't do so. Then again, if he got caught he'd likely pay him off and throw me under the bus. 

The dark figure stepped down from the field and entered the dugout with us. "Alright, boys, you're not supposed to be up here after school hours."

We didn't answer him.

"Come, on you two. Let's go to the office."

I heard Ares throw out a silent "Fuck" He clearly didn't want to get in trouble. I figured the person who was talking to us was the security officer. 

The security officer then flashed the light under him revealing his face, "come on, let's go."

It was the same security officer that KJ had told me about. Then an idea struck. I could maybe tell him to let Ares go and I would go with him then maybe suck his dick to let this slide.

"Oh, you're that officer KJ told me about."

He glared at me. He knew what I was talking about and he surely wanted to keep it a secret. "That I am, just because he is your friend doesn't mean I will let you two slide."

"Not us two, why not just Ares. I'll go."

"What are you doing?" Ares asked.

"I got this," I turned to him winking realizing that he probably couldn't see it. 

The guy adjusted his belt and spoke, "Alright, fine. Ares, you can fuck off. This one comes with me."

Ares thanked me then ran off. Leaving me and the security officer. "So, I don't remember your name?" 

"It's Arthur. Also, KJ has mentioned you to me as well. I hear you're a good cock sucker."

I shrugged.

"I'm assuming that's what you and Ares were doing. Didn't know he swung that way."

"It's a long story. So you want me to..."

He cut me off, "Of course, you think you're going to get away with this for free?"

"Shouldn't we go to your office?"

"It's just us up here."

I walked up to him and dropped to my knees. The flashlight was lit on me as I undid his pants. When I opened the flaps I saw he was wearing red checkered boxers. "Yuck, my least favorite type of underwear," I thought to myself. 

I reached into the hole of the boxers and pulled out his flaccid penis. I took it into my mouth and slowly sucked on it while looking up at him. Unlike Ares, Arthur didn't take his time getting hard. He was fully aroused within a minute. It must have been 8 inches in length with some girth to it. Reminded me so much of Javi's big dick. 

My right hand stroked his shaft as I slowly slurped on his cock. Moving slowly back and forth letting the monster slide along the surface of my tongue. It felt amazing. I understood why KJ enjoyed sucking him off so often. 

My hand came off his shaft and reached around for his ass cheeks while I took in his member deeper into my mouth. I pushed it as much as I could into my throat, held it there for a few seconds before releasing him. It hurt a bit, to be honest, but I enjoyed it. 

He then grabbed my head and began to rapidly push it back and forth. I held onto his ass as he did. When he stopped he held my head down for a deepthroat for a few seconds before releasing me. "Man, you are a great cocksucker. I'd love for you and KJ to go down on me."

I released his member from my mouth and looked up at him, "Maybe I can make that happen."

"Alright, stand up," he said. 

I did as he asked. He spun me around against the wall and began to undo my pants. I turned my head to him, "Shouldn't we do this in your office?"

"Nah, it's just us up here."

He pulled down my pants and briefs just below my butt cheeks. Next, he parted my cheeks and began to slip through. I grunted as he slowly entered me. 

"Oh god, you are tight," he commented.

When he was in, he held onto my shoulders and began to thrust. My eyes almost rolled back into my head as he plowed my tight hole. He knew what he was doing. And I bet it was because of the many times he fucked KJ. 

He continued plowing me passionately and I felt that I was going to be sore the next day. He moved rhythmically, moving in and out slowly. The tip of his member rubbing against my prostate and I felt I was going to explode.

I took out my erection and began to stroke it as he continued. I felt like I was going to cum before him. 

We kept this up for a few more minutes until he whispered into my ear, "Where do you want me to cum?"

Although I preferred for them to cum in my ass, I didn't want to walk home with cum in my hole. So I told him, "My mouth,"

He pulled out and I dropped to my knees. He stroked himself while I did the same. 

"Oh, you want that?" he teased as he moved his member closer to my mouth. 

As he came closer to climax, he grabbed my head and pulled it closer to his cock. Then it happened, I felt his seed shoot into my mouth. As he came he made me suck on his member. So I could feel the semen flood my throat. 

When he was done, he left his member in my mouth until I came myself. Which was shortly after. He pulled out and I swallowed his load.

After I swallowed he said, "open your mouth," I did. He then shoved his member back inside and did a few thrusts. "I like your mouth. We need to do this again."

He pulled out his member for the last time and tucked his member back into his boxers. "Alright, clean yourself up and get off the property."

After I put my member away and pulled up my pants he escorted me off the property. He then told me we would meet again. I then went home. 

When I got home, I stripped down to my briefs and lied face down on my bed and closed my eyes. I fell asleep shortly after.

A short time later, I woke up to see KJ sitting on my chair while looking at his phone. "What are you doing here?" I said sounding groggy. 

"Looking up some dudes on Grindr. Oh, and, I was bored so I decided to stop by. Didn't know you were asleep and neither do your parents."

"I see," I remained in this position not wanting to get up. "So I met your security guard friend."

"Oh yeah? How was it?"

I smiled, "He has a nice cock. My butt is still sore from it."

KJ sat up slowly removed his clothes. Making sure I was looking at him. He only wore his briefs and he climbed onto the bed with me and lied next to me.

"If I tell you something, you'll keep it a secret?" I said turning to him. We lied side by side looking at each other.

"Of course."

"You know Ares Lewis?"

He nodded.

"I sucked his dick."

"Shut up!"

"I did."

"How?"

"Well, he is my partner in my U.S. history class and well to motivate him. I made him a deal he couldn't refuse."

"Oh? I see. Nice."

"He claimed I couldn't make him cum and I did. So now he does have to do the work but basically just write it."

"Lazy fuck. I've seen his dick a few times in the showers, it's always had some girth while soft. Does it get any bigger?"

"It is girthy for sure but it isn't long."

"That's a shame. So you sucked his dick tonight?"

I nodded, "Twice. Once at his house and the second on the field. He wanted another one but we got caught by your security guard friend. He let Ares go while I stayed behind to suck his dick."

"Good to know you had a fun night," he said moving closer to me, "So I heard from your mom that your cousin Steven is coming over in a few weeks. She told me he will be staying over."

I shrugged. I had forgotten about it. Steven and I were close. When he would come over he usually stayed in my room where we would just end up playing video games together.

"Yeah, it seems him and his dad are going to be staying with us for a few weeks."

"I see, I think I'm gonna suck him this time," KJ said with confidence.

"Excuse me? What makes you think he'll let you?"

"I've got my ways and maybe you can help."

"Not sure I like this. If this goes wrong he'll end up telling my parents that I'm bisexual and I don't need that shit." 

He placed his hand on my shoulder, "Relax, I got this."

"You better hope so."

"Look, he is most likely going to be staying in your room. So I'll sleep over like last time he was here. He seemed to like me then."

"Alright, but why?"

"Remember the last time, he was here I stayed over?"

"Yeah, it was the pool party."

"Well, while we slept, I took a peak in his shorts. He has a nice dick. I was tempted to suck it then but I wasn't sure if it was worth trying."

"Wow, perv much?"

"Shut up, it looked so nice," I felt his hand slide down and reach for my crotch, "I'm in the mood now. Let me have some fun."

I rolled onto my back and enjoyed KJ's blowjob.

Dick:

The next day, Javi and I headed to the house he spoke of. He told me that a friend of his was renting it out and he said it could be in our price range. The drive was short. Like I said it was not too far away but it would still require a car ride to get from there to work. 

We pulled up to this house at the opening of the street. It was a two-floor house with a large porch and a long driveway on the side. There was a reasonably sized lawn with a big lemon tree in the middle of the one the grass sections. We walked up the pathway and knocked on the big red door. It reminded me of the red door from the Nightmare on Elm Street movies I watched as a kid.

The door immediately swung open and there stood what I presumed Javi's friend. He was tall like me, white skin, had short blonde hair and sea blue eyes. He was pretty hot, to be honest. He wore a red dress shirt with slim dress pants. 

"Javi!" he yelled, "How you been?" 

My brother and he hugged, "Doing fine, Mick. Hey, this is my brother, Dick."

We shook hands and he invited us in.

My brother and I followed Mick through the living room into the kitchen. During the short walk, my brother nudged me to check out Mick's ass. Which looked amazing in his dress pants. 

The kitchen was huge with an island in the middle. Mick offered us drinks which we gladly took. "Alright, you ready for a tour?"

We both nodded and we went off. 

From my first impression, the house was really nice, but I mean really nice. It made me worried if we would be able to pay for the rent. It had 4 bedrooms, one of them being a master bedroom. It had 2 and a half bathrooms. One in the master bedroom and one on the second floor between two of the rooms. And the last half was on the bottom which I assumed was for guests. 

While we stood in the middle of the master bedroom I asked Mick the question that was swimming in my head, "So how much?"

He clasps his hand together and took a deep breath, "$2000."

"A month?"

He nodded. 

"What's the catch? This house is really really nice, so $2000 much come with a catch."

"Well, the neighborhood is slowly getting better with you know gangs and stuff."

"I know that I live not that from here. It ain't much different."

"Also, this house is on the corner of the street so it has a history of car accidents."

"So we won't have BBQ's on the front lawn," my brother said jokingly. 

My brother and Mick laughed while I didn't. There had to be more to it, there is no way this house was going to be sold to us for $2000. Which I assumed didn't include utilities. 

"Come on, tell me."

Mick sighed, "Alright, so a year ago, this house used to belong to a group of drug dealers. There was a huge sting to bring them down and a few might have gotten killed on the property."

"Oh? That's all?" I said sarcastically.

"Look, I'd understand if you don't want this place. But I did fix this place the best I could. You're right this house should go for a higher price but it's not, I am selling it for $2000 to you and your brother."

Before I could say anything, Javi grabbed me by the arm and told Mick, 'Give us a moment," then dragged me to the restroom. The second he closed the door he turned to me and said, "Let's take it!"

"Aren't you afraid of ghosts?" 

"Nah, I don't know what you're talking about."

"Dude, you legit wouldn't sleep when you were a kid because of the Poltergeist."

"I don't think so..."

"You refused to watch Paranormal Activity with me."

"Alright! You're right, maybe I am still a bit scared of ghosts. But this place is really nice and plus there is a pool down the street we can sneak into."

"Okay, so how we going to pay for this? It's $2000 plus utilities." 

"I'll cover the forth. We can make this work."

My brother, for some reason, really wanted this place. So I knew I had no chance to change this mind. It did bother me a little to know that people died in this house but I guess it would have to be some to get used to. 

"Fine, but I get the master bedroom."

"Deal"

Together we stepped out into the master bedroom where we saw Mick on his phone. 

I cleared my throat and said, "We'll take it."

Jason: 

During lunch, I had spoken with Dick and he had told me about the house he and Javi had found. He went into further details of the house and it sounded like a nice place to live. He said it might be a bit difficult early on due to the fact we didn't have a fourth. They were planning to take me there sometime this week and it seemed that I might be moving out sooner than expected. 

In my 5th period class, the teacher had told us to immediately get into our groups. However, before I could meet up with Ares, he called me up to talk with him. I wasn't sure why but I didn't think I was in any trouble. 

He stepped out and I followed him. In the hallway, he leaned against the door and spoke softly, "So, how is it going with Ares?"

"Fine, why?"

"Well, I know he is really lazy and I've heard rumors that he pays people to do his work."

"He hasn't paid me. He told me he would help me with the project and he is going to."

The teacher chewed on his lip. I bet he was thinking that I was lying to him to protect Ares. But it was the truth, Ares and I came to an agreement and I hope he would stand by it.

"Alright," my teacher finally said. He opened the door and told me to go back in.

I sat down next to Ares who was distracted by his phone. I tapped his shoulder and he turned to me, "What?"

"We got work to do."

He sighed and put away his phone. I took out the book and began reading it out loud to him as he wrote down notes. After a few minutes, he stopped me to ask me a question. "So, Arthur, the security guard."

"What about him?"

"I don't have to pay him or anything?"

"Why would you have to pay him? You weren't up on the baseball field after school hours," I winked at him.

He smiled and pat me on the back, "So what did you do to him?"

"I'd rather not discuss this here."

He looked around the classroom and noticed we were pretty close to some groups so it would be easy for some to overhear.

"Yeah, you're right. How about after school we'll meet up again? Maybe at your place? My family will be home and I don't want them to distract us from our school work."

It was clear Ares wanted another blowjob. It was surprising, to be honest especially since he could get any girl in the school to suck his dick. But I knew my parents would be home too and although I did have privacy I didn't want to take him to my house. So maybe I could take him to Dick's.
