 Alkibiades

When I arrived at campus the next day we found out that our class today was canceled due to the teacher being in a car accident. From what I heard from the other students, the teacher was fine. That was our only class today so Steven decided to go off on his own as he had planned. Leaving me to my thoughts on this table in the courtyard. I began to think about Alkibiades and his strange house. He said he had owned the bathroom for about 15 years, what exactly does that mean? Did he own the bathroom? Or was it more of they have power over it via something else? It was pretty strange but at the same time interesting. I thought about going over to see Alkibiades but at the same time, I was nervous about it. I wasn't sure why. 

I shook off the thoughts and took out a book to read. 

I had gotten a few pages in when I felt someone standing behind me. I looked up to see Patrick standing silently behind me. "May I help you, Patrick?" 

He smiled then sat down next to me, "That's a good book, I read it in my literature class."

"That's good," then there was silence for a few seconds before I added, "Let me guess, Alkibiades wants to see me?"

He nodded. 

"Is that his name?"

He leaned close to my face as if he were going to kiss me and said, "I can't reveal that to you."

"So, what are you to him? His boyfriend?"

Patrick sat back and smiled, "Alkibiades has many boyfriends and girlfriends. You treat him well and he will treat you well. It's an equal relationship, a respecting relationship."

I wasn't getting any real answers from him. So it was better to just go to the source. Who knows what would happen but honestly, I was eager to find out. "Alright, can I go see him now?"

"Follow me."

We walked off the campus and for the first few minutes, we were silent. But then I decided to break it by asking him questions about him. "So, Patrick, how long have you been with Alkibiades?"

"For about two years now. I moved to Los Angeles from Ireland when I was 15. In case you were wondering."

"I see, and what" and before I could continue, Patrick cut me off by saying, "Look, you're not one of us, yet. So I'd like to keep the information sharing to a minimal. Got it?"

I nodded. 

We continued walking in silence. 

When we made it to the house, Patrick guided me once again to the basement but this time instead of going down with me, he simply left back upstairs. As I walked down the stairs, I heard music. It sounded like the type of music they would play at those Asian massage places. When I made it to the bottom floor I saw Alkibiades in a thin almost see-through robe at the corner of the room next to what looked like a massaging table. I noticed there was a guy laying face down nearly naked on the table. 

I and Alkibiades made eye contact and that's when he spoke, "Have a seat, I'll tend to you in a minute."

I sat down on the chair and watching massage the guy on the table. The guy was a bit overweight bit seemed to have some muscles going for him. Reminded me of a football player. Maybe he was. 

It took Alkibiades another five minutes for him to finish with the massage. When he was done, the guy on the table stood up, only wearing his underwear and began to put on his clothes. Then he gave Alkibiades a twenty-dollar bill and left. 

I watched the guy leave and then when I turned back to Alkibiades he was standing right before me. I hadn't even heard him move or anything, he was like a ninja. He smiled at me and then sat down on the chair across from me. He rested one leg on his knee giving me a full shot of his underwear. I closed my legs and sat up, "So, Patrick told me you were looking for me."

He let out a small laugh and sat forward and reached for the decanter of coffee that was on the side table, "Silly Patrick. I think he likes you," He poured some coffee into a cup then offered me some. I accepted the cup. He took his coffee black. Made me think that he and Dick would enjoy that about each other. He sat back in his chair, took a sip, then spoke, " I didn't call for you. I was honestly expecting to see you in a couple of days, not the very next day."

I cleared my throat, "Well, yesterday was quite the experience."

"That is was. I assumed you liked it."

"I did, but I was just curious."

He smiled, "You are curious about the bathroom aren't you?"

I gave him a slow nod.

"When I came to this school over fifteen years ago, it was boring. Everybody preferred to go to the parks to fuck. Yes, there were sexual activities but not as much. So I started flirting around and started making that bathroom the hotspot for sex."

"Why that bathroom?"

"Well, it may look ordinary to you, but honestly, I like it a lot. It's very convenient. It's near the end of the campus where not many classrooms are nearby and the security guards usually don't linger in that area."

"Well, I'm sorry for what I and my cousin did."

"No worries," He took another sip.

"So, you give massages too?"

"That I do, you want one? First one is on the house."

"Uh, I don't know. I've never gotten a massage like that before."

"First time for everything, don't you think?"

First time for everything where have I heard that before. Made me wish Dick was here too. Maybe I should tell him.

"Alright,"

"Good, now strip down to your underwear while I prep the table."

I took one last sip from the coffee and began to remove my clothes. When I was done, I stood there only wearing my grey Pair of Thieves briefs my cousin bought me. Alkibiades called me over to the table and told me to lay face down on the table. I did and he grabbed a bottle of oil and poured it on my upper back. He started there, rubbing his big hands up and down my spine. His fingers kneaded my muscles as he continued. It was somewhat sexual the way he did this, made me wonder if he did this with all his patients. Then again, from what I saw other guy didn't appear to be aroused when he left. 

He worked my neck, then my shoulders, then my back and lower back. Then he moved down to my legs then up my thighs, which kind of tickled. The next thing was unexpected, he slipped his hands into my underwear and began to massage my butt cheeks. I was hard, really hard. His hands were like magic, they were soft but also a bit rough so it was a nice combination. Soft moans began to leave my mouth as he continued and that's when he said, "I see you like that. How about this?" He parted my butt cheeks and ran his index and middle finger into my hole and began to pleasure me. My eyes rolled back into my head as he continued. It felt amazing. 

He kept this up for a few more minutes before I felt his fingers leave my hole and for a few seconds, I wondered what was happening. Then I felt something press between my cheeks. At first, I thought it was his dick but then I realized it was a dildo. He pushed it in as far as he could then he gently he moved it back and forth. My moans grew louder with each passing second, I felt like I was going to cum just by the pure ecstasy. 

After a minute or two, he stopped and pulled out he dildo. "Alright, turn over to your backside." I pulled my briefs back up and turned around like asked. 

My erection was wanting to tear out of my underwear and Alkibiades noticed it but did nothing about it. Instead, he poured more oil into his hands and massaged my legs. Moving up and down slowly making sure his fingers touched every inch. Next, he moved to my shoulders then when he was done with them. He stood over me with his crotch just above my head and did my upper body. He bent down lowering his crotch into my face. I wanted so much to open his robe and suck on his dick. But I wasn't sure how he would react, so instead, I remained in the position I was in.

When he was done massaging my chest, he moved his fingers up to my forehead and massaged the temples. His hands rubbed the temples in circular motions. It felt amazing. Then when he was done with that, he moved back down my body until he found my crotch. He took my cock out and began to stroke it all while looking at me. He grabbed some oil and continued to stroke me and within seconds I was fully erect. His hand moved up and down my shaft with his thumb right under it. Slowly, he bent down and gave the tip of my member a lick which shot a jolt of pleasure up my body. Next, he had me bent my knees and he pulled down my underwear down to them. He got the dildo again and oiled it up and shoved it into my crevice. I moaned as he moved it deeper and deeper into my hole. Then he slowly began to move it back and forth while his left hand got back to stroking my member. 

The combination of him stroking my member and fucking me with a dildo was getting to me. My moans grew louder with each passing second. I wanted to cum and I felt I was going to soon. I didn't want it to end but at the same time I wanted this sweet release, I wanted to cum all over myself and shoot out every last drop for him. 

Then it happened, my body began to stiffen as I felt my balls contract and the load shoot through my shaft. It landed all over my chest as I fired multiple shots of the warm gooey substance. He didn't stop stroking me though, he made sure I had shot out everything. Then after a few seconds, he stopped. 

Alkibiades smiled and said, "That was fun wasn't it?"

I gave him a nod as he grabbed a towel and cleaned his hands off. 

He then handed me a towel to clean myself off. It wasn't completely off but it was enough for now. 

Alkibiades sat back down at the table and poured himself another cup of coffee. I began to put my clothes on when I heard him say, "No, remain in your underwear and come join me."

I did as he asked and sat in the chair again. He poured me another cup of coffee and then spoke, "So, would you be interested in joining our house?"

"You have a room?"

"Our club is beyond this house. Many of us are part of House Achilles. We all can't live here but we all attend the events. I was hoping you would join us."

"If I joined, what would that entail?"

"Well, we do a lot, aside from sex, we help each other out. We help the school and the community out. We give back," he took a sip from his coffee, "The best part is when you transfer you will have this community service on your sheet. It will help."

"Why me?"

"Because I like you. It's that simple."

"What about my cousin?"

He chewed on his lower lip before answering as he if was reluctant to give me the answer. I figured since Steven wasn't so respectful yesterday that Alkibaides didn't want him.

"Well, I figured he didn't want to join us. But if you ask him and he says yes, then I wouldn't be against it. You two boys are good looking after all."

I sat back and took a sip from my coffee. I thought about it. If I asked Steven the chances of him saying no were pretty high. He had barely opened up to letting suck his dick. It was because of me that he let Patrick suck his yesterday. But I felt this including him in this house's sexual activities would be too much. But who knows, he might say yes, so why not ask. 

"Okay, I'll ask him but I doubt he would say yes."

"It's all I ask. So Jason, tell me about yourself."

It was the first time someone had asked me so I didn't know the correct answer at the time. I asked him what exactly he wanted to know and he joked about social security number and card numbers but just told me to tell him whatever I wanted to tell him about myself. So I did. 

I spent about an hour talking to him. The first part of the hour was about me then we began talking about other stuff. He was a history buff so we started talking about history and he had told me why he was so fascinated with Greek lifestyle. He said that it was a lost lifestyle that needed a comeback. The Greeks lived their life so freely, there was so much open politics, so much open sexuality and discovery. Then I asked him why Achilles and he told me, "Because Achilles is hot. It's that simple."

After our coffee talk, he stood up and put out his hand, "Come with me,"

I reached for his hand and stood up. He gripped my hand started walking forward, "So, I will ask again, do you want to join House Achilles?"

I gulped then answered, "Yes."

He smiled, "Perfect. It's time for your initiation."

"Initiation?"

"Yes, come with me," We walked to the door of the basement then walked up.

When we made it to the first floor we walked to the living room and there were four other guys. Two sitting on the couch looking at their phones, Patrick was by the window smoking a cigarette and the last guy was in front of the television playing what looked like Grand Theft Auto.

Alkibiades cleared his throat then spoke, "Alright boys, we have a new initiate."

Everyone turned to me and said, "Welcome."

I turned to Alkibiades and said, "What do I have to do?"

He smiled and said, "Well, go in and find out."

He let go of my hand lightly pushed me into the living room. The four guys stood up and the ones that were on the couch moved the coffee table out of the middle and stood next to the other two guys. I stood in the middle and Alkibiades stood behind me. "So, boys, introduce yourselves."

From left to right they spoke, "Patrick, Conrad, Khauther, and Jake." Patrick I already knew, Conrad looked around to be my age. He was a bit shorter than me and had a buzzcut, he was lean and was pretty cute. Khauther was tall but not as tall as Alkibiades, he looked older and he was pretty handsome. He looked middle eastern. The guy next to him, Jake, was shorter, he was the shortest of the five guys. He was Asian and pretty cute as well. They were all thin and hot and something told me I would be sucking their dicks and getting fucked by them one day.

Alkibiades nudged me telling me to introduce myself, "My name is Jason."

They all smiled and said, "Welcome Jason." 

I felt Alkibiades's hands on my bare shoulders and then his voice next to my ear, "Alright, if you want to join us, you must take their seeds in your mouth?"

I smiled and said, "I see."

I turned back to them and saw they were all smiling. The four of them stripped down to their underwear, Patrick wore pink briefs, Conrad wore red boxer briefs, Khauther wore purple briefs and Jake wore black trunks. The four of them stroke their dicks as I knelt before them. The first one I started to suck was Patrick. His dick was uncut and pretty long, roughly 6 and a half inches long. I wrapped my hand round it brought it into my mouth. I moved my head back and forth while looking up at him. He began to moan as I continued. From the corner of my eye, I could see the rest of the guys stroking their dicks. One of them looked quite intimidating. From the opposite side, I could see Alkibiades sitting on the couch watching us. Then I felt Patrick's hand on my face and moved to look up at him. He grabbed the back of my head and held it as he began to thrust a bit faster. I used this time to place my hands on his butt as he did. He moved quickly for a few seconds before stopping and pressing my face into his skin as his dick drove into my throat. 

He then pulled out and turned me on to the next guy, which was Conrad. He already had his underwear pulled down to his thigh. He quickly grabbed my head and shoved his cock into my mouth. Like Patrick, he held my head and did all the work. He moved slowly as if he enjoyed slow-paced blowjobs. I couldn't argue as I enjoyed having a cock in my mouth. I was a bit caught off guard by the scent of his cock, it smelled like roses. Maybe it was his shampoo or lotion, but it smelled nice. 

Conrad continued to drive his cock into my mouth for about a minute before pulling out and turned me on to the next guy, Khauther. The guy whose dick intimidated me. It wasn't long, but it had some girth. Reminded me of a soda can. I pulled back the skin and took in his cock from the tip but then he grabbed the back of my head and pressed down. Shoving his dick into my mouth. I gagged as he did. I was unprepared to deal with such a big dick. He moved slowly as Conrad did. Sliding his thick cock in and out. It made me wonder how it would feel to get fucked by this guy. I felt like was going to have tear my hole, but honestly, I wanted to find out. Khauther didn't moan as the others did, he just looked down on me with a smile as I gagged on his dick. His smile grew wider when I did. This guy had a fetish and it was people gagging on his dick. 

Khauther pulled out and passed me onto the next guy, which was Jake. His dick was rather short, around 5 inches in a half but was also girthy. I pulled back the foreskin and sucked on his cock. He grabbed my hands and placed them on his butt, which I quickly got to caressing. He began to let out small moans as I continued moving my head back and forth on his cock. I then pressed my face into his crotch shoving his cock into my throat. I left it there for a few seconds before letting go.

After a few minutes of sucking on his dick, I began rotating between the four. While I sucked on one the remaining would stroke themselves. It was an exciting and hot experience since I had never done anything like this. It was something I could get used to very quickly. But I wanted to suck on Alkibiades's dick. Made me wonder if I had to earn the chance to suck his dick. Maybe there was some initiation I had to do to get there.

I kept sucking and rotating on their cocks until I head Alkibiades says, "Alright boys, let's finish up here."

So he told me to lie down on my back while the guys knelt around me and began to rapidly stroke themselves. My hand reaches down to my underwear to pull out my member and I began to stroke myself. The four guys hovered over me stroking their cocks and within a few seconds, the first person to come was Conrad, who launched his load all over my chest. Next came Patrick, then Jake and finally Khauther. Their loads formed a pool on my stomach and a few seconds later, I shot my load onto my chest. 

After, we all came. Patrick handed me a towel to clean myself off. When I was done he grabbed a towel and told me he was taking it to the washroom. He also told me to give him my briefs to wash because he noticed they were dirty from my previous ejaculation. I was now standing there naked as Alkibiades approached me, "That was fun to watch. Did you enjoy it?"

I nodded.

"Good, for now, take a shower and then we will talk some more."

Conrad escorted me to the shower. I quickly showered and when I got out I noticed there was a folded t-shirt and sweatpants on the hamper. I assumed it was for me. I dried myself off and put the clothes on. I stood there and looked at myself in the mirror. The clothes fit me well and I thought to myself, "What have I gotten myself into?" Was it a good thing? Where was this going to go for me? Alkibiades and the rest of the guys seemed nice. Maybe it was a good thing. I shook my head throwing away any regrets. I turned and left the bathroom.