 ***Everyone in this story is fiction and are at least the age of 18***

Chapter 14:

Jason:

On Friday, Ares told me to meet him at his house for some studying. I wasn't sure if he was legit about studying or that he wanted me to suck his dick again. But I really didn't care if the latter happened. I was glad he was enjoying my dick sucking and was hoping that it would eventually lead to him fucking me. 

As I was leaving the school grounds, I noticed the sky was covered in heavy looking clouds. I knew it was going to rain but I was expecting it to happen later in the day. The worst part is that I didn't bring a jacket. 

I decided to wait for Ares to finish school and together we would walk to his house. As it came closer to the end of the school day, I noticed it was starting to sprinkle. I stood closer to the school building letting the balcony above me cover me from the soft rain. 

When Ares finally got out we walked to his house, by then the rain had turned into showers. Unfortunately, as we approached his house there was a flash a light in the sky followed by a rumble of thunder. Then the skies opened up and the showers turned into a heavy stream of rain. 

I grabbed my backpack and used it as cover and the two of us ran to his house. When we stormed into his house we were both soaking wet. 

"Fuck, it's raining hard out there," Ares spat out, "Thank god practice was canceled."

Ares suggested we get out of the wet clothes. He said he would throw them in the dryer. So we went into his laundry room and stripped down to our underwear and he tossed the wet clothes into the dryer. Then tossed me a towel, "Might as well throw in our underwear too." I wrapped the towel around my waist and pulled off my briefs. Ares did the same. 

Next, the two of us walked up to his room, where he turned to me and said, "I can lend you some clothes while you wait for your clothes to dry."

"Sure,"

He bent over into this drawer and took out a pair of shorts, a t-shirt and one his briefs and then handed them to me. I was a bit surprised by the underwear. He noticed and said, "What, you ain't into wearing another guy's underwear?"

"No, it's not that. It's just out of nowhere."

"Well, don't look into to too much."

Ares then took out some clothes for himself and we both dressed. 

As the pouring rain came down, we read the textbooks. And after two hours, we took a break and decided to watch something on Netflix. The harsh rain hadn't tapered off and it looked like it wasn't going to. I began to wonder how I would get home. I could call Javi but I noticed earlier they had posted a flash flood warning. I'd rather not risk Javi getting into an accident so maybe I would ask Ares if I could stay the night later. 

After the movie, it was already 8 pm and the rain hadn't let up. Ares had gone downstairs to get us a snack. While I waited, I checked the weather app and saw it was going to continue like this until the early morning. 

When Ares came back, he handed me a sandwich and a soda. I took a bite from the sandwich and said, "So, the rain. It isn't tapering off soon. I was wondering if I could stay the night."

He stared at me for a bit then looked out the window and saw the heavy rain, "Yeah, you're right. You can stay but in the room. My parents..."

"Yeah, I know. I won't leave," I interrupted. 

"Don't worry, my parents won't come up here. So you can stay here. They will be leaving in the morning and that's when you can jam. Hopefully, the rain has gone by then."

"Cool, thanks." 

Ares then lied next to me on the bed and said, "So, now what? I kinda don't want to study any more today."

I smiled and placed my hand on his crotch and smiled, "I'm sure I kinda find something to do."

Ares grinned and said, "go ahead."

My hand rubbed against his crotch for a few minutes until he became fully aroused. I pulled down his shorts and stroked his erection through the fabric of his white briefs. While I stroked it, I moved my mouth down to his balls and began to lick them through the fabric. Ares jolted when I did that. It was clear he wasn't used to it and that maybe me a bit more excited. 

I lied down on my stomach between his legs and pulled down his briefs. The second his erection sprung out of his briefs I caught it with my mouth and began to suck it. I moved my head slowly up and down taking in every inch of his meat into my mouth. My hands moved underneath him and grabbed his butt cheeks. The soft cotton felt so good in my hands. 

I lowered my head all the way down until my nose pressed into his skin and used my throat muscles to massage the tip of his member. I could hear him let out soft moans as I did. Then in one rapid movement, I released his cock from my mouth and with my right hand, I stroked him. My mouth moved down to his balls and began to suck on them. It was the first time doing this with him and he clearly wasn't protesting it. I sucked on a ball for a few seconds before moving on to the other. His eyes widened when he saw me take both of his balls into this mouth. 

I let go of his balls and moved up, now hovering over his dick. Ares grabbed the sides of my head and forced me down, shoving his cock into my mouth. He guided me up and down on his shaft at a fast rate. He would occasionally force me all the way down for a deepthroat before releasing me. 

After a few minutes of doing this, I pulled off his dick and stroked it. I looked up at him and said, "So, wanna fuck me?"

He remained silent for a few seconds pondering the idea and then he finally said, "Alright, sure."

I stood up from the bed and reached into my backpack for a bottle of lube I kept in there. Then I climbed onto the bed and poured some lube into my hand and stroked his member. Next, Ares got on his knees and I did the same. I pulled down my shorts then the briefs and lubed up my hole. 

"Shit, I might want to take this back. I've never fucked a guy before."

I turned to him, "Shut up and just fuck me. You're already lubed up."

He simply nodded. I parted my cheeks and I could feel the head of his member press against the entrance of my hole. Slowly, he made his descent into my tight hole. "Fuck, you're tight," he commented. 

I simply smiled. 

When Ares was fully in, I let go of my buttcheeks and he began to thrust. Moving slowly at first of course. Moving back and forth, letting his thick member full my tight hole. 

Eventually, he found his rhythm and I could feel the tip of his member rub against my prostate. I did my very best to not let out loud moans as I didn't want to alarm the entire house that I was getting fucked. So instead I would roll my eyes back up every time I would get a pulse of an escastly. 

He was good at fucking, really good. I knew why some girls straight up loved getting fucked by him. His stamina was amazing and the way he thrust into me felt amazing. 

Eventually, he grew tired of this position so he told me to lie on my back. He tossed a pillow to me to put under my head. I pulled off my shorts and briefs and lied there with my knees bent. He had only removed his shorts and got into position. He lifted my rear and began to enter me once again. 

Once he was fully in again, he planted his hands to the sides of me and began to thrust. This time, he moved at a quick pace, sending pleasure up and down my body. My eyes rolled back into my head as he continued plowing my tight hole. I figured this was the position he enjoyed when fucking women. My legs hung on his hips as he moved back and forth rapidly. I knew it would be soon that he would bust his load and I really wanted it. I wanted Ares to fill me with his seed. 

As he continued, I looked up at him and said, "You going to cum soon?"

In between breaths, he said, "Yeah, soon, you ready?"

I nodded and said, "Cum inside me. I want it all, don't hold back."

He nodded back and continued. At this point, the bed was rocking back and forth violently. I became concerned that his parents would notice and they would come barging in. But seeing that Ares didn't care, neither did I. I think he only cared about climaxing. 

As he came closer to climax, Ares began to let moans that grew louder with each passing second. So for the concern of possibly getting caught, I placed my hand over his mouth to muffle out the sounds. The noises that Ares made were a mixture of moans and grunts as he grew closer to his goal. 

Then, it finally happened, his body began to slow and his arms buckled as he shot his load into my hole. His grunts and moans grew into straight screams into my hand as he came but I kept my hand in place. One, two, three, four, five. Five shots of his load shot into my hole. At this point, his thrusting came to a complete stop and he was being held up by his elbows. He looked up at me out of breath then let go of himself falling on top of my stomach.

"That was dope," he said in between breaths. He was clearly out of it and so was I. It was good rough fucking. He remained inside me a while until his erection deflated. Then he slowly rose and pulled out. He looked down at my rear and said, "Wanna go clean yourself up?"

I replied with a nod and went to the bathroom he had in his room. 

When I finished cleaning myself, I put on the underwear he lent me and went back out. I saw him lying down on the bed with only his underwear on. "I'm a bit tired, probably going to call it a night early. You can sleep on the bed if you want. I don't mind."

I didn't protest and slipped under the covers with him and we both went to sleep. 

A rumble of thunder woke me up the next morning. I turned over to see Ares still sleeping but without the covers on him. I could see his near naked sculpted body. Slowly, I sat up and checked if he was awake. He wasn't. My right hand reached out and touched his abs. They were hard. I moved my hands up his upper body slowly then back down not wanting to wake him up. I could feel the blood rushing to my penis as I did this. My hand moved lower and brushed over his crotch. It was slightly erect probably from morning wood. 

I heard a knock and that's when I pulled back my hand. Someone behind the door said, "Ares, you awake?"

When the second knock came that's when Ares woke up. He immediately looked at me and whispered, "In the closet, now."

I nodded and went into his closest. When I was hidden he stood up and walked to the door and opened it. I overheard the conversation.

"Good morning son. Your mom folded your clothes."

"Thanks."

"Your mom and I will be leaving in a bit. Food is already made."

"Alright, have a safe trip."

There was a long silent moment before the father replied, "Alright son, see you in a few days."

Then the door closed. 

"You can come out of the closet," Ares said jokingly.

"Haha, very funny." I realized that we were both still in our underwear, "So your dad doesn't care about seeing you in your underwear?"

Ares shrugged, "My dad walks around the house in his underwear all the time. It ain't no difference. Anyways, they'll be leaving soon and then we can eat. Hopefully, by then the rain will taper off."

I smiled, "Alright, how about we burn some time," I walked to him and dropped to my knees before him. I look up at him to see him smiling. 

After we ate, Ares took a shower and by then the rain had tapered off. I put my clothes on and placed my underwear in my bag. Ares said he was going to the school to meet someone so we decided to walk together. As we walked we continued to talk and get to know each other, but eventually, the conversation led back to our sexual encounter last night.

"So, what did you think of last night?"

He snickered, "Well, I must admit it was good. Never would have thought that I'd enjoy fucking a guy."

"Good to know that you enjoyed it. Maybe we can do it more often?"

He smiled, "Well, sure. But I don't want to turn gay."

"I mean you're just having sex with me, you're not attracted to me right?"

He shook his head.

"Then, you're still straight and don't worry I won't tell anyone."

"Good, because I'll punch you so hard in the dick that it will turn into a vagina."

"I don't think that's how it works," I said laughing.

"Shut up."

When we got to the school I decided to go inside with him because I wanted to put the textbooks I had with me in my locker. We walked to the main building and I went for my locker while he went down to the copy room in the basement. While at my locker I got a text from Dick saying that they wanted to go to Ikea today to check out some furniture. That we would be leaving in the afternoon. Which gave me time to head back home to shower and get ready. 

As soon as I closed my locker door, I got another text but this time from Ares. It read, "Come down to the copy room."

I shrugged and told him I would be down in a second. 

I walked down the stairs and entered the copy room through the basement. When I walked in I only saw the machine. There was only one light on and it was the one over the copy machine. "Hello?" I said. 

That's when Ares stepped out from behind one of the shelves. "Get over here."

I walked up to him and he pulled me behind the shelf. We walked all the way to the last shelf at the end of the room and stood in the corner, "So, I came here to meet with a girl but she kinda bailed on me."

"Didn't I suck your dick this morning?"

"Suddenly, you don't want to get fucked?"

"Alright alright," I said placing my hand on his pants which seemed to be already undone.

"Yeah, while I was texting with her I was already getting hard."

I ignored him and dropped down to my knees and opened up his underwear to pull out his member. It was fully hard. I opened my mouth and took it into my mouth. My hands were on his thighs while I moved my head back and forth slowly. Ares began to let out soft moans as I continued to suck on his cock. My hands moved up his thighs then around to his cheeks and I caressed his butt through the jeans. Then my hands moved up to the waistband and pulled them down just below his butt and went back to caressing his butt cheeks, this time through the fabric of his briefs. 

I sucked on his dick for about 5 minutes before he told me to stand up and turn around. I did and pulled down my pants just enough to reveal my hole. Then I pulled apart my cheeks and waited for him to enter. I winced when he did and he continued going deeper and deeper until he began to thrust back and forth slowly. Using the shelf next to me, I held myself up while he fucked my tight hole. We kept this up for a few more minutes until we heard the door to the copy room open and close. He stopped thrusting but remained inside of me. We both remained silent and just listened. I looked through the shelf and saw two people talking next to the copy machine, then they began using it. 

Ares placed his left hand over my mouth and pulled me close to him so he could whisper in my ear. "Don't make any noise,"

I grunted out a yes as he continued to thrust. He moved slowly to a rhythm making me roll my eyes back. I could hear his soft grunts as he fucked my hole. Then something unexpected happened, with his right hand he reached around in front of me and pull down my briefs, "Don't think anything of it," he whispered. I felt his hand on my member and he began to slowly stroke my member. 

His hand twisted up and down my shaft sending pleasure up my body. It was amazing to be fucked and jerked off at the same time. From the corner of my eye, I saw through the shelf the two people still talking. They still hadn't noticed us.

We continued this for a few more minutes until the two people left. When they did, Ares uncovered my mouth and continued to fuck me while stroking me. He whispered into my ear, "You better not cum in my hand."

"And you better not cum in my ass, I don't want to walk home with cum in my mouth," I shot back.

"Fair," he said releasing his grip on my cock. 

Ares continued to plow my ass making grunt noises as he did. 

Then I heard him cry out, "I'm close." 

That's when he pulled out and I squatted down to suck on his dick. I used my right hand to stroke his member while my mouth sucked on the tip. He came shortly after, filling my mouth with his wondrous warm seed. 

When I sucked out the last drop, I swallowed and stood up. He placed his hand on my shoulder, "That was amazing. Same time next week?" and before I could answer, he zipped up his pants and walked past me and left the room. I stood there with my cock in my hand and instead of jerking off, I just put my cock away and zipped up and left. 

Author's note:

I will be going on a short hiatus after this story. Plan to come back with new stories and new chapters of existing series.