 Zayd again...using my mouth for his pleasure.

I have grown so lonely in my solitary confinement I look forward to his visits...in fact, I don't know how or why, but I have developed an uncanny sense for anticipating his arrival.

Every morning I awake seconds before I hear the door creak open. I am already on my knees, back straight, head held high, when he wordlessly stands before me and raises the hem of his garment exposing himself to me in the dim light of early morning.

I move forward and inhale his musky and manly aroma; my prick instantly hardens. My hands and mouth linger on his hot male flesh, savoring the moment. I kiss and lick his cock and balls slowly, lovingly...I want the intimacy to last as long as possible---I crave human contact and delaying his climax means I will spend more time with a warm human being---sucking his cock is no longer something I MUST do---it is something I WANT to do and I want to do it well.

To my relief, I have grown rather fond of the taste of his semen and sperm---any man's semen and sperm for that matter...I now consider it a privilege and compliment when they choose to discharge into my mouth rather than make me wear it on my face all day.

After five-six minutes he becomes impatient. I know him well. Sometimes he likes me to prolong the sucking; revel in the sensations and pleasure I am giving him. Other times, this morning for instance, he wants to empty his balls in my belly quickly...he begins moving his hips back-and-forth, forcing more of his hardness into my mouth...that is my signal to suck him faster and harder.

I must say, he always rewards me well for my efforts. Most men I've serviced here have three-four spasms and their balls are drained. Zayd's scrotum contains so much man juice, he is able to shoot four, five, and sometimes six loads of thick and creamy goodness into my greedily sucking mouth before he is spent. 

I am no longer the boy I used to be...I am now the boy they want me to be.

I wonder how much semen and sperm I will be able to coax from Zayd's balls this morning...

"You will dance tonight for Amir---if you disappoint him he will assign you to the soldiers barracks with your friends!" announced Zayd once I'd licked his dangling member clean.

I hadn't thought of Eddy and Georgie in some time. 

Then he added: "Your two friends assholes have been stretched so wide the soldiers use only their mouths now...they drink gallons of Taliban man-seed every day!"

My heart ached for them. Eddy, the proud and manliest one of the three of us must have endured hell to submit to sucking cock...Georgie was more like me, pragmatic, with a low tolerance for pain...I knew it wouldn't take much 'encouragement' to get him on his knees.

"Amir quite good with whip---and he likes marking white flesh---never disobey him!" said Zayd in a threatening tone.

His words were intended to scare and intimidate me, but I felt joy and elation---I had already been whipped into submission; meeting my new Master meant to me that perhaps my long days of solitary confinement were coming to an end.

I thought of Dmitri every day, but didn't have the nerve to ask Zayd if he was alright. If the whipping The Old Man ordered for me was any indication, I couldn't bear to imagine what Dmitri had to endure at the hands of the brutal and sadistic Drug Lord.

I was just beginning to understand the loneliness and hopeless despair Dmitri had to have felt every single day for twenty-seven years...I vowed to myself to try and make his life more pleasant, if I possibly could...that is, if he was still alive. 

The old women took great care in bathing and grooming me for Amir. They excitedly chatted as their hands washed every inch of my body. 

One fat woman took a special interest in me. She delighted in pinching and rolling my enlarged nipples until they were proudly erect; she would then massage my anus until my prick rose to full erection...she would then laugh and point at my long nipples and tiny hard-on and the other women would join in the laughter.

I didn't care anymore...yes, I knew the women were trying their best to humiliate me...to make me feel like less of a man because I wasn't as well-endowed as the Taliban soldiers, but I rationalized it in my mind by believing they were jealous of me---between me and these women---I was the only one servicing manly cocks...I was positive the women hadn't been fucked in years. I must say, even though they resented me, the women did a thorough job of preparing me for the evening. 

When the fat woman put the finishing touches of rouge on my stiff nipples and aureola's, she gave me red, translucent harem pants to wear then pushed me before a mirror and I stared face-to-face with a pretty white girl...it took several seconds for the shock to register I was staring at myself.

My blond hair hadn't been trimmed since my capture and was now hanging loosely on my shoulders; the women had painted my face with rouge and eyeliner highlighting my clear blue eyes; my belly was flat and firm from exercise; my breasts had been manipulated into small round mounds which I guessed to be size 32A; and my nipples---oh my God---my nipples, stood proudly erect from those breasts a good inch-and-a-half in length..,and I was wearing thin, diaphanous harem pants---the traditional garb for female harem slaves.

I wondered at the purpose of my new appearance...if Amir likes boys---why would they go to so much trouble to make me look like a girl?

I waited behind a curtain in a large, banquet-type room. The men were seated cross-legged in a circle on the floor eating from small tables before them. On the far side of the circle I saw the Old Drug Lord, and to my chagrin, Amir, my new Master was seated with his back to me...I was dying to see what he looked like—if he was, indeed, the man I saw in the courtyard with the children---he was gorgeous!

I continued waiting...the men were in no hurry to finish their meals...I tried to picture what it will be like when I danced before them...I prayed to God I wouldn't disappoint Amir, and force him to whip me before all of these men.

I watched as women removed not only the dishes, but the small tables, as well. Dinner was finally over, and I knew soon it would be my turn to provide the evenings entertainment...I was extremely nervous, to say the the least.

Someone dimmed the lighting; the air became cloudy and heavy with smoke. The men were passing around an intricate-looking smoking device, and each one inhaled deeply when it came their turn to smoke from the pipe.

There was music floating in the air as well, and I saw a man with a flute seated against the far wall, and beside him, another man with a tambourine.

Suddenly, Zayd grabbed me from behind and held me still while someone else pushed down the harem pants. My legs were forced further apart, and there was something slick pressing my anus. It was a tube, and it had been lubricated with some substance, and it was slid entirely inside me then removed and then pushed inside me again.

When my asshole was totally lubricated, a hand wearing a rubber glove took my flaccid penis and smeared paste on it, as well. Next, my balls were given a lighter coating of the sticky substance. 

It all happened so quickly, nothing immediately registered in my brain, but in less than two-minutes, the sensations of my prick rubbing against the sheer material of the pants became so delightful I couldn't help becoming aroused and my boner tented-out the front of the red pants.

Then the intense heat began in my asshole. It wasn't painful at all...in fact, my asshole and hard prick seemed to be working together...as the heat intensified 'back there,' my prick became harder and the need to climax more and more urgent.

Oh my God, I thought, this must be the same paste that had turned Eddy and Georgie into cock-craving sluts the first night in the cave after our capture!

A hand grasped my erection thru the pants and squeezed it---OH MY GOD IT FELT WONDERFUL!!

I closed my eyes and moaned as jolts of pure pleasure coursed thru-out my entire body. I lost my balance and someone (Zayd?) caught me before I fell. The musicians began playing and Zayd leaned into me so close I felt his hardness pressing against my buttocks.

"It is time to dance, little one," he hissed into my ear, "...dance like your life depends upon it---because it does!"

He smacked me hard on my butt and I shot forward until I found myself the center of attention surrounded by the men. Something had changed...the men now each had a naked boy beside them and I could see the boys hands moving underneath the men's robes.

The musicians played a slow and melodic tune...I raised my hands above my head and rotated and gyrated my hips to the rhythm of the music...the burning I felt 'down there' intensified---I wanted a faster-paced song to dance to---it took great effort to maintain my slow and simple gyrations.

I remembered the instructions and moved until I was dancing directly in front of The Old Man---OH MY GOD---DMITRI WAS THERE BESIDE HIM---HE LOOKS WONDERFUL!! 

The Old Man's robe was completely open and I watched Dmitri fondle and caress The Old Man's balls and shrunken penis...Dmitri had his work cut out for him trying to coax an erection from the impotent Old Goat.

I danced the entire song in front of The Old Man. I thrust my erection at him; a pre-cum stain the size of a quarter now seeped thru the front of my pants. When I turned to show him my buttocks, I began a more pronounced hip rotation and a series of lewd and lascivious thrusts in his face. I opened my legs wider so he could clearly see my anus...I wanted to help Dmitri give The Old Man a hard-on any way I could.

The song ended and a new one began immediately...faster paced than the first and I moved on to dance before the next man, but not before I stared into Dmitri's eyes and gave him an imperceptible nod of the head...maybe it was wishful thinking, but I swore I saw him wink at me.

Onto the next man...OH MY GOD---IT'S SPARKLE EYES!! I hadn't seen him since he delivered me to The Old Man. A slight smile formed on his lips when he saw the expression of recognition on my face. The boy beside him was vigorously moving his hand up-and-down underneath his robe.

I smiled as I rotated my hips and thrust my erection...I thought he returned the smile...I turned and displayed myself to him as I did to The Old Man...this time however, the burning heat in my asshole made my hip thrust more pronounced, and quite dirty...I spread my legs wide and raised and lowered my hips as though I was impaling myself on his hard cock...I thought I heard him groan.

The beat to each song became progressively faster; and the heat in my asshole caused my inhibitions to totally vanish. My hip thrusts and gyrations became filthier than when I'd practiced. My mind and body were consumed with lust---I needed a hard cock inside me urgently---like right now...when I bent over for each man I reached back and pried open my buttocks so they clearly saw my puckered anus...it took all my strength NOT to reach beneath the pants and finger-fuck myself in front of all these men.

My dancing was having the desired effect on the men. Their hard cocks were now visible; some boys were already bobbing their heads up-and-down on the throbbing male flesh.

I was one man away from my new Master. I decided to give him a good show...when I presented my open buttocks to him I leaned over as far as I could and smiled at him from between my legs...I watched him grab his boy by the hair and force his face down to his cock...he cried out and amazingly, I watched the globs of semen and sperm shoot from his cock and splash against the boy's pretty face.

It was time to dance for Amir. The music was now so fast my gyrating and thrusting buttocks and hips were more obscene than a fifty-cent hooker in a Kunar province whorehouse...the fire in my asshole kept my prick in a constant state of ALMOST ejaculation...my balls were numb---that had to be the reason I hadn't shot a load yet...I was crazy insane with the need to cum---I knew I would do anything---perform whatever lewd and disgusting sex act demanded of me just to relieve the intense pressure in my balls. 

I stared at Amir's tented-out robe and imagined the monster cock that was making such a huge bulge...my mind screamed, OH GOD I WANT THAT THING INSIDE ME---PLEASE FUCK ME WITH YOUR HUGE COCK, MY TALIBAN MASTER!! 

I saw the steely gaze of his piercing brown eyes. His square jaw and chin and his manly, rugged good-looks...I would have ejaculated just staring at his face if it had been possible...yes, I had been trained very well...I promised myself I would make Amir the best Taliban Concubine ever---I would plead with him to allow me the privilege of sucking his manly, Taliban cock---I would spread open my legs and bend over and beg him to fuck me with his beautiful, brown cock!

Maybe it was the paste playing games with my mind, but I considered myself the luckiest boy in the world for having such a gorgeous Master with a huge, hard cock...I will eagerly and happily satisfy his lust again-and-again-and-again-and-again...

My Taliban Master sat stoically, perfectly still,watching my performance...unlike his peers, he refused to reach beneath his robe and stroke his hard cock...I was certain he was the kind of man who never pleasured himself---he didn't have to---his commanding presence alone, and perhaps his skillful use of the whip were all he needed to persuade a woman or pretty boy to submit to whatever sex act he demanded...his satisfaction came from imposing his will on the unwilling and emptying the contents of his balls into whatever orifice he chose.

Amir suddenly rose to his feet and shouted something at Zayd. The obedient servant rushed to Amir and handed him a two-inch thick bamboo cane. Zayd came to me, pushed me to the center of the circle, and barked, "You have displeased Master---lock wrists behind neck!"

Confused, and very afraid, I obeyed his command. Zayd pushed down my harem pants and had me step out of them...I stood totally naked surrounded by Taliban Warriors...I heard guffaws and comments of derision and saw some of them laughing and pointing at my three-and-a-half inch boner---I became overwhelmed with shame and humiliation...since I no longer had pubic hair, I had thought my prick appeared much larger and longer whenever it stood straight out from my belly---obviously it was an illusion of my mind.

I felt a hand stroking my buttocks then felt Master's hot breath on my neck as he whispered to me in perfect English, "My little white American pet, you will pay the price for disobedience...Zayd told you it is forbidden to look at the faces of superior men and you chose to ignore his warning...EVERY Taliban man is your superior---never again look directly at any of us!"

I was so frightened my voice squeaked when I replied, "Y-Yes, Master---I'm sorry, Master!" and immediately lowered my eyes to the floor.

I heard the whoosh of air a split-second before the cane struck my buttocks with such force it caused me to lose balance...I quickly resumed my position and waited for more.

SMACK---SMACK---SMACK---SMACK---SMACK---SMACK---SMACK---SMACK!!

I had learned early on, an obedient Taliban concubine takes punishment silently...while my mind screamed in agony, I allowed only small mewls of surprise and pain escape from my slightly parted lips as the tears flowed freely from my eyes down my cheeks and onto the marble floor.

When he was finished, my buttocks were bruised and on fire, but oddly, my dick was still hard.

"You have performed admirably, my little white pet---you have earned a reward..." he whispered.

UH-OH, I thought. If I had learned one thing in my captivity, it is when a Taliban man says 'You have earned a reward'---it means you must pay a very high price for that reward!

"Your tiny penis has stayed erect thru-out your spanking...you enjoyed it!" he said with a certain glee in his voice. "I will allow you to relieve yourself with your hand...I will resume spanking you---it will stop when you climax---BEGIN!"

SMACK---I hesitated a moment too long. The cane came down hard on my already tortured buttocks.

My left hand flew down to my hard-on and began stroking it as fast as I could. I heard more laughter from the Taliban men.

SMACK---SMACK...my hand was a blur on my prick---SMACK---SMACK---SMACK...I began to feel the cum churning in my balls---SMACK---SMACK...

OH MY GOD---I CAN'T CLIMAX---HE'S GOING TO KILL ME WITH THAT DAMN CANE!!

SMACK—SMACK—SMACK...I was close---oh so close---SMACK---I'm almost there---SMACK---almost...SMACK!!

OH MY GOD---HERE IT COMES!!

I cried out the words Zayd had taught me---the only acceptable phrase I was allowed to utter during ejaculation:

"ALLAH-AKBAR (God is great!)---ALLAH-AKBAR--ALLAH-AKBAR--ALLAH-AKBAR," I shouted over-and-over as huge streams of semen and sperm shot out of my pulsating cock and landed with loud splashes on the marble floor.

The men laughed and whistled and heartily slapped their hands together as they watched my lust contorted body writhing and bucking as my hand greedily pumped every last drop of cum from my rapidly shrinking balls.

As soon as the pleasure faded, the pain of my horribly beaten buttocks became immeasurably worse.

Amir forcibly turned my body until I was facing away from his Warriors.

"Display your buttocks to my men!" he said forcefully.

"Y-Yes, Master!" I quickly replied, and with my head down, tears still flowing from my eyes; I slowly walked around the circle giving each man a close-up view of my battered and bruised flesh.

The men excitedly blurted out comments of appreciation for Amir's expertise with the cane. Three of the men went so far as to pinch my swollen asscheeks eliciting even more whimpers of pain from my closed mouth.

When I'd made a full circle Amir gripped the back of my neck in a powerful hand and pointed at the marble floor.

"GET ON YOUR KNEES AND CLEAN THE FLOOR WITH YOUR TONGUE!!" he ordered. 

I heard more hoots of derision as I instantly went to my knees and obeyed his command. I was amazed at how many large pools of cum I had deposited on the floor.

I was also amazed, unpleasantly, how quickly warm and creamy semen turned into cold and nasty spunk.

I was lapping-up the last of my cum from the floor when I heard loud shouts of approval from the men. When I raised my eyes I saw Master had exposed himself...the men were cheering his manhood!

How odd, I thought...men in America wouldn't be caught dead looking at another man's cock---let alone shout out their admiration for it!

"SUCK MY COCK, WHITE SLAVE BOY!" Amir shouted down at me.

The men cheered again as I immediately obeyed my Master's command.

The manly aroma from his crotch made my head swoon and I had to concentrate hard on pleasuring him. I massaged his huge ball sac as I took in as much cock as my mouth could hold.

I didn't need encouragement or threats of more beatings to suck him the best I could---this was what I had wanted from the very beginning. I used every skill I had learned in my captivity to pleasure him.

The Taliban Warriors mocked me as I sucked, calling me vile names...names I had learned that meant I was not a man...real men would not be on their knees servicing a hard cock...in their eyes, I was nothing more than a girl...to be used in any manner that inflamed their lust, and heightened their sexual pleasure.

Master held my head still and rammed his cock in-and-out of my mouth. My lips rounded tightly over his magnificent erection; my tongue never stopping, licking and lapping at his salty flesh.

With a mighty lunge forward, he buried his prick in my mouth and his cockhead banged the back of my throat.
