 The boy had no real name. He was the tanner's get, below even the whore's runts, responsible for soaking the hides in urine. The tanner called the child "Boy," long after the boy had left childhood behind. The town was large enough that most forgot to which tannery the young man belonged; everyone called him "the tanner's boy" for so long that it became his moniker. Tanners, get out of my shop. Tanners, you stink of piss. Tanners, you good-for-nothing, get a move on.

Tanners wasn't particularly disliked in town. Easily pleased, curious without being clever, unwittingly honest, Tanners had never spent enough time around mannerly people to behave like one. In another town he might have been endearingly simple; only his low birth caused others to shun him. That and his demon eye. Such a bright blue was true sign of result of possession, the townspeople said. A devil was in him, building up that muscle and those looks to snatch some unsuspecting maiden and propagate its spawn.

Tanners' only companion was the young goatherd whose family kept to itself on the hill. She was unconcerned by his devil, but then she already had a child of good seed. It seemed that only virgins need fear.

The brute squad rolled through town one late spring day. Tanners watched them from the hillside with his friend. The procession was all brown—dusty leather clothes and studded clubs, tanned faces and dirty hair. Even their horses were brown.

"Town finally has more to fear than a latent demon," the goatherd chuckled.

Tanners bounced her baby in his arms, ignoring the tiny fingers digging into his lower lip. "The brute squad will clean out the town more than it will clean it up," he commented.

The goatherd knocked him on the head with her crook. "Have a thought of your own, Tanners. An army would bring more trouble than these men will."

Rubbing the injured spot, Tanners grinned. "I've never seen a brute squad before." Would the men all be monstrously huge? Would they give him coins to fetch deliver their messages and fetch their meals? Or would they be like those minstrels and make horrible songs about his devil's eye, melodies that got him beaten for weeks after they had left?

The goatherd snorted as she took her little boy from the young man. "There won't be much to see, I imagine. They're dealing with those nomads; they'll spend their days in the forests and only sleep in town."

Tanners nodded. He had heard talk of houses putting up the men in spare rooms and tents. "How many up here?" he asked his companion, casting an arm towards the small field.

She didn't lift her dark affectionate gaze from the baby. "One. Whoever doesn't mind being away from the town, I imagine."

Tanners barely resisted clapping his hands together. "I'll bring him meals," he promised.

The goatherd raised an eyebrow at him. "Only if he doesn't beat you, Tanners. Stay away from—"

"The left hand that rises whilst the right receives," Tanners finished for her. Chucking the baby under the chin, he put a hand on the goatherd's shoulder. "I'll be careful."

