 This true story is for any married, bi-curious guy who waited a long, long time to manifest their inner sexual desires to be with another man. 

First of all, I am fifty-two years old and have been married for thirty-one years. I have a great wife, and a good, albeit uninteresting, sex life. From chatting on-line with others my age, that situation sounds pretty familiar. Every chance I get, I love to masturbate to gay or bi videos, or cam with other guys on the internet. But finally, I got the opportunity to enjoy another man in person.

As a teenager, my next-door neighbor and I had some erotic times together. Often, we would sleep over at each other's house and play with each other under the covers. This led to a three-year period of frequent cockplay, including jacking and sucking each other off and a few fuck sessions. My fondest memories of this relationship were swallowing Bill's huge cum loads from his five-inch cut cock, as well as watching him shoot his cum clear over his head when lying in bed. Wow, as a teenager those cum shots were prodigious!

So, thirty-six years later, I have the opportunity to meet another man. After a few weeks of chatting on line and getting to know each other a bit, we finally agreed to meet while my wife was out of town. The unfortunate part is that we live about 160 miles apart, so we agreed to meet at a hotel half way. My new friend, Joe, has been married forever, is 68 years old and had had only a couple of same sex experiences as an adult. He could only meet on Saturday mornings, so I checked into the hotel the night before and agreed he should drive over when he awoke in the morning. That morning I took a hot soapy shower and shaved my cock, balls, pubic area and ass, which I have kept hairless for years. I could hardly wait for his arrival, and almost came in the shower thinking about the upcoming encounter.

At seven thirty in the morning, a knock at the door marked Joe's arrival. He was a tall, striking man. Tough skinned farmer with a nice smile. Much, much taller than I expected, three inches or more than my six foot one frame. He sat and we chatted about the hotel room, my drive over the night before, and our previous experiences, or lack thereof. Finally I suggested we undress and get into bed.

Once in bed, I was struck by the appearance of this man. He looked great for his age, a handsome man with a smooth, muscular torso. And his cock was even more impressive. Not a long cock at all, short, thick, cut and smooth shaven, with a huge head. One of the thickest cocks I have ever seen in person. I caressed his body, slowly kissing his lips, neck and nipples. I had never wanted to kiss another man in my life, but he was turning me on. I took his soft cock in my mouth, almost choking at its girth. The taste was sensational, and I could tell Joe had showered before arriving. Slowly it stiffened, and Joe slowly moved his hips up and down, fucking my bobbing head with his tool. 

I soon laid back and Joe proceeded to take me in the same fashion, licking and caressing my nipples and taking my six-inch cut tool all the way down his throat. After only a couple of minutes, I could no longer hold my cum load and blew a huge load. Joe expertly swallowed my load, leaving a bit in his mouth for us to share in an exquisite kiss. 

At that point I knew I had to have his cum. I stroked his cock and sucked on his nipples, feeling his thickness stiffen. I took his massively thick cock in my mouth and his gentle, insistent mouth-fucking resumed. Soon I could feel his cum flowing out, a strong oozing that lasted for more than a minute. The cum oozed and oozed endlessly. My first taste in thirty-six years, and I was in heaven. 

We laid back and relaxed, opening some water bottles and chatting comfortably. I was completely limp and not going to get hard again anytime soon, or so I thought. Every once in a while, I noticed that Joe's cock was still oozing a little cum, which I went down and licked and swallowed. It was fabulous. 

After talking about our marriages and families, the stir was again within my cock. I started jacking it to hardness with my right hand and jacking Joe's tool with my left. Occasionally, I would jack them both in my right hand, enjoying the feel of rubbing cocks and the sight of contrasted size and thickness. I asked Joe if I could jack my load onto his dick. He said that would be great, as long as I licked the cum off of his cock after I unloaded. Soon my feverish jacking resulted in a spewing of cum all over his cock while he lay on the bed. I kneeled over and ate all of my own cum, saving a little bit for us to share in a kiss. After our kiss, I went down and sucked him again. Although Joe said that he could not cum again, it was not long before his thick, choking cock was oozing more cum for my waiting mouth.

We chatted some more and agreed to see each other again when our wives are gone. I want to taste him again, maybe next time feel his cock inside my ass. All I know is the first time makes me want the next time even more!!! And, if you readers like this story, I will be glad to recap the next meeting in Chapter Two.