 It was a hot, sultry summer evening in the South. I was sitting on the porch, sweating, nursing a Miller Lite, and smoking a cigarette. I wasn’t in the best of moods despite being at a party at the house of an old friend of mine. The fact was, my wife had just left me and took the kid with her. I was more than depressed. I listened to the laughter and the music, but I didn’t feel much like joining in. It was like I was more or less going through the motions.

The host passed by from time to time to check on me, but I wasn’t very good company, I guess. He didn’t stay long. After a while, Andrew joined me on the porch and started chatting. He was a bit older than me, one of those theatre/arts sort of folk, like many at the party.

“So what’s up?” he asked me.

“Nothing much,” I returned.

“It’s hot tonight, eh?”

“Yep.”

“You seem a bit down. Can I ask you what’s the matter?”

And I began to go into all the gory details of my recent breakup. Normally, I don’t reveal much of myself, but I guess the beer was having its effect. Andrew just listened without offering much in the way of commentary. I went on and on about how the idea of spending another minute with a woman turned me off.

“Ever been with a guy,” he ventured.

“You mean like sexually?” 

“Yea, you just said you couldn’t put up with another woman.”

“No, never.” I had always had a curiosity about being with a guy, but I’d never acted on it, other than watching another naked guy in my bed fucking my now ex-wife.

“Are you interested?”

“Maybe,” I replied.

After that we chatted a bit and wound up heading to a restaurant together for a late night breakfast. Over our meal we continued to talk a little about whatever. As we finished our coffee and paid the bill, he asked me if I’d like to come over to his house for awhile to listen to some music. I agreed, and we left in my car for his house. It was an apartment, really, upstairs from his grandmother’s house.

“I need a bath,” he said. “I’ll put on an album for you.” It was some strange Italian, Nino Rota, I believe, and it created an odd environment. He opened a bottle of red wine, poured me a glass, and then left for the bathroom. 

I sat there thinking that this was a weird situation, but I found it exciting. I was about to have a homosexual experience for the first time as an adult. My dick was hard just thinking about it. I savored the wine and the music for about twenty minutes, stroking myself occasionally. As I thought about how much time he was spending in the bathroom, the door opened and he came into the living room wearing a bath robe and a smile. He smelled fresh, sporting some sort of heady cologne. He started the album over, took a glass of wine, refilled mine, and sat down beside me on the floor. He gave me a peck on the cheek, and stroked my erection.

“You know, this goes both ways. I expect you to return the favor for me.”

“No problem,” I said, taking another sip of wine.

With that, he began to gently massage my dick. After a few minutes, I didn’t hesitate to undo the button on my jeans and pull down the zipper, freeing myself for him. He wrestled my pants off—I wasn’t wearing any underwear—and in no time I was naked from the waist down. He stroked me up and down, and then bent down to take me in his mouth. It was glorious.

He was teasing the head and the under part with his tongue while lightly stroking my balls, all the while continuing his jacking. He took me deep in his mouth, sucked a bit, and then released me, only to repeat the action time and time again. I was ecstatic. I was in heaven. I was about to blow. In no time, I began to tense up and started spewing what seemed to be torrents of cum in his mouth. He grabbed my ass tightly. I must have shot five or six times, and he swallowed it all. It was as if my whole being was responding. I’d had a bunch of blow jobs in the past, but nothing compared with the sensations I was feeling.

He continued to milk me with his mouth until not a drop remained. Then he rolled over on the floor, apparently lost in the moment. I breathed a loud sigh and sat up, looking for my wine glass. I took a sip and then moved over to him.

His erection was peeking through his bath robe, and it really appealed to me. It wasn’t as big as mine, but it wasn’t small either, probably five and a half or six inches, nicely cut, with medium-sized balls. He continued to lie there with his eyes closed, so I slowly untied the belt to his robe and opened it to reveal his nakedness. He wasn’t very hairy, but his nipples had a fair amount of hair on them. I bent down and began sucking them, one after the other, playfully biting. He moaned in approval.

I then kissed my way down to his stiff-standing prick and gently licked the head, swirling my tongue around it, and savoring the copious drop of precum that glistened there. It was the first time I’d ever done something like that, and I enjoyed the strange sensation very much. I was surprised by the warmth of his shaft as I kissed and licked my way up and down before taking the head in my mouth. I enjoyed the mixed texture of his manhood, hard yet soft, pliable as I mouthed him more and more deeply. Despite never having done this before, I found it easy to deep throat him, but I had to ease off for a moment to scratch my nose because of his tickling pubic hair.

He opened his eyes, smiling at me, and then closed them again as he made his way back into my mouth. I grabbed his thighs and sucked him completely into me, bobbing up and down with an increasingly faster rhythm, using only my mouth.

“You sure you’ve never done this before. You’re super.”

“Mmmmmph,” I responded, not wanting to let him go.

I continued for several minutes, and as I felt him tensing up, I grabbed him hard and buried my nose against his belly. His body went stiff, and he filled my mouth with several torrents of salty-hot cum. I kept still until he finished. Then I sucked him strongly one more time and rose up while swallowing the load, wiping my lips of some of the overflow. He grabbed my head and kissed me, trying to take some of his own cum into his mouth.

I lay back, grabbed my wine again, and quietly savored the music and the ecstatic moment that I’d just experienced. We lay there for some time gently caressing each other’s now flaccid cocks.

That was my first real experience, and it was completely satisfying, although I mused over what I’d just done for some time, trying to sort out my thoughts. I knew that I wasn’t gay, but I knew what I liked. The next day, I bought that Nino Rota album, and to this day, I get an erection whenever I hear it.