 This is a true story that I experienced recently. I just wanted anyone who reads this to know that I didn't make this up for fantasy. This did happen.

First off, let me tell you that I'm a pretty normal guy when it comes to jacking off. I tend to jack off whenever and wherever I feel horny. And I do mean anywhere (once jacked off in my company's bathroom). But after a while, it tends to get a little boring. Then I found this site. Wow, so many great ideas and stories. I've tried a few, but the best one I would love to do, I can't. I would love to take a load in my mouth. But I'm just not flexible, at all. So I got another idea.

One day, this was about 2 week ago, I was surfing some sites and getting pretty worked up. I hadn't cum in 2 days (and that's a long time for me). So I was rock hard. I like to look at my cock when I jack off. I love to watch the head swell up and the precum ooze out. I always lick up my precum. Always wanting to take the rest but never have the will when I blow. I even like to use my web cam to record myself jacking. Sometimes I jack off to watching myself jack off.

Anyway, I started to jack off through my briefs, but I didn't want to blow just yet. I wanted to make this feeling last. So I started edging (a technique I learned on this site). I did this for about an hour. I was in a sexual frenzy. I started to go through some porn clips I've downloaded over time. I have ALL kinds. I was just picking some at random and I came across some self-suck clips. This sent me to another level. I was looking a cock, wanting so much to shoot in my mouth, when I looked back up; a different kind of clip came on. A piss clip. I stopped immediately. I was so horny I was in a daze; I had to take a second to clear my vision. The clip was a guy in a shower pissing all over this chick; tits, face, mouth, pussy, ass. As he did this she was feverishly jacking off. It was so hot. I was so hot, so I said fuck it.

I got up and went into my shower. I started the water and rubbed body lotion ALL over my body. I started to play with my nipples, rubbing my ass, even putting a finger in my ass. I was so far gone beyond horny so I started jacking off again. I was looking at my cock as I stroked it and I started talking dirty to myself. I was saying, "Come on baby, give it to me. I need in now." But then I stopped jacking and just let it rest in my hand for a second.

I knew I couldn't blow a load into my mouth, but I pointed my cock up towards my mouth. I needed to taste myself. So I started to let out my piss. Since I had been edging for so long, I had a lot built up. It shot right into my mouth. To my surprise I didn't close my mouth at the pungent taste, but I didn't swallow either. I let it just shoot all over my tongue and lips. It must have lasted only about 15 seconds but it felt like hours. When I was all out of pee, I quickly went back to jacking off. I was so aroused by what I had just done, that I started to pant almost breathlessly. Now I was so ready.

It just took a few strokes and I started spewing HARD. I was actually screaming with ecstasy. It was so intense that I actually lost some feeling in my feet for a few seconds. When I looked down and saw my cock shooting streams out, I reached down and caught some in my palm and as I was writhing in ecstasy, put it in my mouth. I was in an uncontrollable state of sexual desire; I actually tasted my own cum. I didn't swallow it all, but I did get to taste cum for the first time ever. 

I just can't tell you just how intense this experience was. As I got my wits back, I went back to my normal mode. Then it really hit me with what I had just done. I didn't know if I like it or was ashamed of myself, but I do know it was without a doubt the best jack off session I've ever had. But I came to realize that I LOVED it. Since then I have gone to a few restroom known for cruising looking for a cock to suck. I guess that makes me gay, but oh well I love cock. And everything that comes from it. I didn't find any action at first, partly because I was scared to try it. I was in denial that I wasn't gay.

But yesterday, I finally got the nerve to go through with it. I went to a restroom at a local department store and went to a urinal and started to piss. As I looked at piss spewing from my cock I got so horny. Then a guy came next to me and he noticed that I was licking my lips while looking at my cock. He started to unzip his pants and before he pulled his cock out I looked at him and stoked my cock while I gestured to the handicap stall. He zipped back up and we went to the last stall and locked the door. I was so nervous but really horny. 

I didn't want to back out now, so without saying anything I got on my knees and unzipped his pants. I pulled out his cock and I was inches from my first blowjob. I just went for it. His cock was different from mine. It was larger and he shaved his pubes. I found that hot. I took as much in my mouth as I could. I don't know if I was doing a good job or not but he was moaning and rubbing my head. After a few seconds, I could taste some of his precum, I always taste my own precum so it was normal for me. I started playing with his balls and took one in my mouth. What a feeling, this was so new for me but I was in heaven. I started moaning and stroking myself. I wanted to savor the taste of his cock as long as I could. 

Since this was a new thing for me I didn't know the etiquette for bathroom blowjobs. I guess they're supposed to be quick. He actually told me to hurry up cause he had to piss. I forgot why he was here in the first place. That turned me on. I looked up at him, took his cock out of my mouth and told him, "Piss in my mouth." He got a strange smile on his face and pointed his cock at my mouth and started to piss. I was going to actually swallow piss for the first time ever. His piss was a little stronger than mine, but I stuck with it and took all of him. I was overwhelmed by this. I got that dazed feeling again. Then I attacked his cock with fervor. Within seconds I felt him tense up, and I put a vise grip on his cock. He grabbed my hair as he was trying to keep him moaning low. Then I felt it. He came in my mouth and I didn't let any get out of my mouth. It was so warm, but a little salty. I had never swallowed like this, but I love it. I guess it was the thought of swallowing that got me excited.

I let his cock completely drain before taking my mouth off. He quickly zipped up and simply told me, "Thanks," and left. I was still on my knees and I was on fire. I need to cum NOW. I didn't even get up, I just pulled down my shorts and started to jack off for all I was worth. I blew all over the restroom wall. Then I got out of there quick, cause I knew that other store patrons were noticing me. When I got out of the door, I saw a security guard coming near. Somebody reported me. I did manage to elude the rent-a-cop. It made me realize that maybe public restrooms aren't the best place to suck a cock.

I'm a little confused now because I am still attracted to women but now I have an addiction for cock. I know I don't want to get fucked I just want to suck as much cock as possible. I also realized now that I'm a cum and piss slut. I don't know what I'll do about my new fetish but maybe I'll try to have the best of both worlds. Maybe I'll try to take piss from a pussy. Maybe I'll just cruise the parks or rest stops. It's a confusing time for me, but I'm sure going to have a lot of fun figuring it out.