 My wife's finger was glistening with his pre cum as she was gently rubbing this 8 inch log in front of my face. 

Over the past few encounters my wife's desire to see her husband gulp large amounts of semen had reached a fever pitch. Watching me swallow loads of cum made her orgasm repeatedly and we fucked like rabbits talking about it. 

Back to how we got here, we had been out at a local restaurant and we ran into a divorced male friend of ours. He was a nice guy, in shape and had a flirtatious side to him. During our chat, I exited to hit the men's room and came back to the check for the drinks and a note saying "meet us at home, you've had your fill here, now time for something hearty".

I hastily paid the check, and made my way home all the time wondering, is she fucking him, has she been fucking him, sucking his cock, fucking her ass?" Needless to say all of my questions were answered the second I stepped through the door, there was my beautifully fit wife of 20 years undressed down to her lingerie and stroking this eight inch monster to its full mast. Our friend John was clearly enjoying the experience and was paying no attention to me. 

I could hear my wife saying to him, my husband is going to come over here and you are going to fuck his mouth and deposit as much semen into his belly as possible. My husbands mouth is here for you to use and dump into. The slutty talk of my wife was making my cock twitch in anticipation. I could feel the pre cum leaking as I approached my semen filled reward that my cock hunter piece of ass wife presented to me.

As she stroked this massive tool, it looked beautiful and full. Almost bloated, it had been some time since he had deposited a load into some willing cockwhore, well - that was me right now. As my wife instructed me to sit in between his legs she was gently rolling the skin up and down his delicious shaft making those balls produce large amounts of pre cum and getting a huge batch of cum primed and ready for my belly. 

My wife was always a teaser and a talker, as soon as I kneeled down, she pulled hard on his cock and was able to pull a large amount of pre cum from his dick and then turned to me and said "open up". I instinctively opened my cum hole - affectionately called this by my wife - and greedily sucked at the cum on her fingers. It was delicious and made my heart pound and my cock want to explode. It was sweet and salty and I could have drank a gallon in front of her to see how happy it made her. 

She withdrew her fingers from my mouth and as she always does, my wife had a surprise for me, sometimes it was how I ate cum, how much I had to eat, how I sucked but tonight was going to be different. She was going to push my boundaries - again. She grabbed the back of my head and pushed it within an inch of his cock head but stopped there and rapidly jerked his cock to get more pre cum, but that wasn't her intention. Her intention was to get me so hot for his cock and cum, I wouldn't say no to anything she asked...which was entirely true at this point. 

It was at that point, I figured out what her next movement meant for everybody involved. She jerked rapidly on his cock and had a copious amount of delicious pre cum on her fingers, and I opened my mouth in anticipation, but she didn't feed me...she took that cum which I longed for and smeared it all over his asshole. "Oh my god", I said to myself at the exact same time she looked at me and said, you know how I make you eat my asshole while I masturbate on your face, well now it's time to clean a mans asshole for your reward. 

At the very same time, I was repulsed, turned on, excited, nervous, and every other emotion. Could I really lap at another mans asshole, that seemed so demeaning, but here I was willing to serve this tool to get the protein I needed. Life is all about choices, and this was the most difficult ever. I am largely a straight male, I do not find men attractive — but cocks and cum, well that's a different discussion.

My smokinhitwife sensed my hesitancy and took the opportunity to insert herself. If you don't swab and clean his hole, I will suck him and swallow it all and you won't get anymore. At that instant she lurched forward and started to throat his rigid tool. To see my stunning wife slurping on my tool getting my reward made me jealous, mad and sorry all at once. My wife sensed this and turned to me and just said - eat. 

That's all the motivation I needed, I pushed my lips directly onto another mans asshole and started to rim him like there was no tomorrow. My wife whispering the whole time...does that ring taste like mine, you look so slutty French kissing his asshole and lastly, get your tongue way up there and show him how much cum you can make him produce. This nasty language made me eat his hole like a wanton prostitute. I wanted to bury my tongue up in his colon and make him produce a glass full of cum for me.

During my asseating, I had got lost in the moment and forgot his tool. My wife grabbed my right hand and guided it onto his cock which was cover in pre jizz. My hand easily slid up and down. Here I was, mid forty married, straight male giving a divorced friend of ours a rusty trombone right in my living room. And I fucking loved it. French kissing his asshole and jerking his prick at the same time was truly divine. It didn't matter, it was such a slutty repulsive thing to do, but it was absolutely mind blowing.

Just then my wife whispered - okay cum hole, time to work that pipe with your slut throat. It then occurred to me - yes, the cock, I came here for the cock and immediately buried his rigid cum covered tool to the back of my throat. The mix of ass taste and pre cum almost made my cock shoot in my pants. My wife sensing I would stay there all night with it lodged in my windpipe grabbed the back of my head and made me start to bob up and down. She says, you aren't going to sit there with that in your throat, you got to work that cum stick to fill your belly. I don't want you using your hands, either he facefucks you or you bob up and down. 

Just then John violently grabbed my head and let out a long moan and started to rapidly fuck my mouth. My wife devilishly whispering to John, facefuck him like there is no tomorrow. John stood up from the couch with me still hanging off the end of his fuckstick , he grabbed my ears with some hair and started to ram his cock right down my throat with no mercy. All I could here was him moaning and saying - eat my cock you bitch all the while his balls violently slapping off my chin. I was content to let this man rape my mouth all night.

As he continued to violently facefuck me, my wife in her ever demeaning way, grabs my right hand and whispers to me...you know how you get the most cum from a man, here let me show you. While getting abused, she grabs my right middle finger wets it with her mouth and proceeds to guide it up johns ass. Massage his prostrate honey and you'll be justly rewarded. 

John moaned and took his face fucking up another notch as I was rubbing his prostrate. He hadn't cum in weeks and between his nasty verbal insults and me internally massaging him, I actually wondered, am I going to be able to swallow this? My wife was now kneeling next to me urging me on. Get ready you cum bucket, get that man sperm in your belly, open up your whore throat and let him fill your belly. John was listening to her and tried to fuck my cum hole harder. He was now looking into my face commanding me to eat his superior semen. I couldn't wait any more, I had to have his syrup in my belly. I began to really rub his prostrate looking to push him over the edge. 

He started to scream at me...take my load, eat it cocksucker...over and over again. It was just then, I began to feel his prostrate flex and his balls tighten. He shoved his tool to the very back of my throat and it began to pump shot after shot directly down my throat. My wife saying...gobble it all up, let him fill your whore belly and please be so good to look at him while being fed. I looked up as John covered in sweat who was looking directly at me and continued to unload, eat my cum...swallow my special semen cum whore. It's such a powerful experience for a man to look directly into the eyes of the person he's feeding, I know the feeling but her I was being fed and he's looking at me saying to himself...good boy drink it all up and eat my dna. 

It was so far down my throat I didn't really get to savor the taste but it was experience was incredible. As his semen shot waned I just nursed on his cock to ensure I got it all. I removed my finger, it was true, John said he never had a bitch massage his prostrate while dumping a load in a throat but he will going forward. My wife grabbed his dick and jerked and squeezed it to make sure I got every drop. She pushed my face away to inspect my empty mouth and then surprised me again, she spit into it and said, there...wash down your semen reward with my spit. I wasn't sure what was left but this humiliation had been awakening to me, first asseating now she's spitting in my mouth...what could be next, I don't know but I can't wait.