 Dear Readers: To those who have reached out to me with your thoughts, compliments and otherwise very helpful feedback, please accept my very profound thanks. This is a follow up to the fist "Tasty Ass Waiting..." story. It should be noted that you can't place personal ads on craigslist any longer so this story, unfortunately, will run out of room. Memory lane is only so long. I hope you enjoy the second installment as much as I did. Best, A

*

It started on a late Summer night when my A/C was barely working. Once again, I had placed an online ad, complete with two body pics. My ad aimed to be provocative, daring and sexy. It read with a headline "Tasty Ass Waiting" and when the ad was opened it continued " To be massaged, rubbed, spanked and fucked. Me: About 5"6, 150 or so, lean body, smooth, tight ass, brown hair, brown eyes" It also made it obvious that I wanted to be treated like a slut. That was my scene. I made it clear that the lucky guy, whoever he was, needn't worry about pleasuring me, his pleasure was the first goal and that I would only cum if he wanted me to. I was just the instrument for his use The pictures were of my ass which is one of my best features. I know this because I had received compliments from women and men over the years on my small, shapely ass. I like to show off my ass, tease with my ass, and have my ass played with, worshiped and most of all spanked. It's an erogenous zone for me.

This was my fifth or sixth time placing this ad. Thinking back to the first time I placed it, I remembered the guy that I seduced, an older married man, and our week of continuous flirtation. Although the exchanges were steamy and sometimes erotic, they were also, well... time consuming. Knowing that some of these flirtations would never lead to sex (most of these guys were just married and curious), I flirted with several at once. I would end up hooking up with one, satisfy my submissive slut craving, and casually ignore all the others as soon as I washed the cum from the one I chose off of my body. Then, a week later, I would start again.

Where I liked to be submissive, I got a lot of interesting requests from the guys I chatted online with. From putting a hotdog into my ass (which I did), to wearing a skirt and panties (which I considered). I masturbated onto myself, drank my own cum, fucked my ass with various small objects and tasted my fingers after they probed my ass. All pretty hot, all on demand and all, of course, captured by a quick picture. Random and (always) nameless men telling me to degrade myself excited me immeasurably.

My seductions became a near weekly occurrence. It became as simple as placing the same ad as the prior week and waiting for the responses or hitting up guys who I had been talking to that week. The next half dozen or so that came over were all night time visitors; guys coming back from second shift and one guy who was just looking for sex online at midnight. The guys coming back from the clubs leaned towards my age and I wasn't really into that.

And so, the weeks went by, I reveled in being a cum slut for guys on their way home from work. Knowing that they were using my lithe body, hungry cocksucking mouth and tight ass as a receptacle for pleasure as a pit stop on their way home was a turn on. It made me feel like a slut and that was a huge turn on for me.

I found myself, week after week, on my knees between the sweaty thighs of larger beefy nameless usually married bi curious men, getting drunk on precum while listening to their moans of approval as I talked to them.

"Baby, I love the taste of your cock." Slurp.

"Oh god!"

"Let me lick those beautiful balls."

"Ugh...yes."

"Tell me I'm a good cocksucker, baby." As I held his balls and sucked his cock.

"God...Yes, yes you're great...Please don't stop"

Shortly thereafter, they would invariably fuck my tasty ass in my bedroom, living room or hallway. It didn't really matter to me; I knew that I was an erotic escape for them so if they wanted to fuck me on the couch in the living room or the floor of the hallway who was I to say no?

The feel of submitting my ass to a nameless cock was becoming more of a regular occurrence. The more I did it, the dirtier I felt and the more excited I got. How many different men had slapped my bare ass? How many men had called me a slut and whore? How many had drained their cum on me and walked out of my place wordlessly as I idly rubbed their cum into me like lotion?

This night was no different; I got a lot of responses but I fell asleep again while emailing prospective sex partners. Most of them would flake out anyway or refuse to come to Cambridge for fear of being able to park. Waking up the next morning and slipping the light sheet off of my naked body, I realized I was still keyed up from last night. After using the bathroom and brushing my teeth, I walked to the living room and opened my laptop. Seeing messages that had come in from last night and this morning in response to my salacious ad, I picked up where I left off last night emailing responses. I settled upon two guys who looked interesting.

Both were older men by at least twenty years which was an age group I was comfortable with. One lived close by, less than ten minutes away (which meant he had a city resident parking sticker). The picture he sent me showed a taller, bald, heavy set man with a good sized cock maybe eight inches with an upward curvature. He was also just...big. I got the feeling that he could literally manhandle me in bed. He wanted to fuck and was into my scene. He kept referring to me as a whore and a slut. I loved it. Mercilessly, I teasingly sent him pictures of my ass the night before and that morning, which, over time I had just saved up to attach to emails. He wanted my shapely small ass and was open about it. Reading how he wanted to spank and fuck my ass was a turn on.

Him: Hey sexy. Great ass. ;)

Me: Hi babe. Thanks. Show me you, pls

Him: (attachment)

Me: Very nice. I like big men.

Me: Want another?

Him: Sure.

Me: (attachment)

Him: Wow! Is that a hotdog?

Me: Yes, baby.

Him: Damn.

Me: You like?

Him: I love that sweet little ass. Why did you put a hot dog in there?

Me: Duh.

Him: Oh. Lol

Me: So, what do you want to do to me? Be specific pls...

Him: I want to strip you naked...

Me: mmm....I love being naked baby. What else?

Him: On the bed...

Me: Ok

Him: I want you on your stomach facing me

Me: Ok. Are you naked too baby? Call me names babe, I like that.

Him: Facing me. Yes, I'm naked, my slut.

Me: Oh yeah...keep going...

Him: Then I put my big wet cock into your little slut mouth...

Me: I'm fucking hard, don't stop...

Him: And fuck your dirty little mouth while I lean over and slap that sweet ass until it's red.

Me: Omg...promise?

Him: lol...oh yea..love that ass.

Me: Will you fuck it, daddy?

Him: Beg for it whore.

Me: Please fuck my tiny ass baby. Make me your whore.

Him: You are my whore, I will fuck you HARD!

Me: So...maybe this morning? I'm really horny and naked right now so...

Me: ...

Me: Hello??

He went radio silent for twenty minutes so I turned to guy number two. He was shorter, thin, had white hair, a shorter but thick cock and was only going to be in the area because he was going to be at a hardware store which was very close to my place. That seemed to work out but he only wanted a blowjob, not anything else. My CL ad outlays an elaborate sensual blowjob followed by a good ass fucking. My entire fantasy wouldn't be acted out here but it was exciting for me just the same so I invited him over. It took two emails. I liked the scene with guy number one but I wanted some sex. As far as I was concerned he should have moved quicker.

Dressing in shorts and a t-shirt and skipping my shower, I waited. Why shower? I was going to have to wash the heady scent of cock off me in a few minutes anyway. He arrived without incident about a half hour later. When he got there, I gave him a bottled water and led him to the bedroom after a few minutes of small talk about parking etc. Sitting on the bed expectantly, he took down his pants and underwear and I disrobed in front of him.

You don't have to be naked to give head but I like to be naked. I like to feel the air on my lean tanned body and have my bare skin touched. It's a turn on for me. I'm generally naked in my apartment and also when I check into a hotel room. Having lived with clothing optional roommates before, it wasn't that big of a deal.

I knelt in front of him on the carpet as he took off his shirt and lowered his shorts revealing a lean wiry body with minimal hair and pale skin. A salt and pepper "happy trail" led to a hairy delicious cock. Resting back on my hard, firm thighs, I put my hands on his calves and leaned in to him. I dipped my head and kissed the tip of his cock before taking it in my mouth. To me, this is the ultimate form of submission; kneeling in front of a man while he has his cock in your face and kissing it's tip with your bowed head. Then I took his length into my mouth. At this point I had practice and I really gave him a blowjob he could enjoy.

Using a lot of saliva, took him all the way in as far as I could. As I rocked back and forth on my thighs, my hands on his knees, I could hear him groaning and I loved it. The power. Feeling that flesh, that hardening hot flesh and pre cum dripping in my mouth. His hands grasped my hair and guided my head and he slid his body forward to thrust his hips slightly into my mouth. Bobbing my head up and down over his cock, I could sense his approval as he moaned in pleasure and his cock grew even harder.

"That feels good, keep doing that."

Minutes passed while his rock hard cock dripped pre cum into my hungry mouth. I could smell him. I could inhale that tanginess, that musk and sweat as he slowly slid his cock in and out of my slick mouth like a well fucked pussy. I pulled it out and took each of his balls into my mouth, sucking them slowly one by one. "Holy shit" were his exact words. Smiling, I put him back into my mouth, determined to get him all the way in to the base. I slowly slid his cock down my tongue, into my throat and my nose touched his body.

"Oh fuck, that feels great!" he exclaimed as his fat cock dripped pre cum into my throat.

His scent was intoxicating and I was hard. He smelled like sweat and musk. It was a sticky, hot Summer morning and this blowjob was just a stop between errands for him. That thought made me even harder.

"I want those hot balls in my mouth, babe."

I pulled his cock out of my mouth and licked his taint with the flat of my tongue while taking a deep breath of him. I sucked on his hairy balls, one by one, taking each one into my slutty mouth. Leaning up on my haunches I swallowed his cock again, intending to finish him. After another minute of sucking on his tasty cock and teasing the sensitive underside of the tip, he pushed my head back and said..."where do you want it?" I just leaned back, my knees spread and my ass touching the floor and pointed to my naked chest. He stood up, aimed his cock at me and painted my chest with shot after shot of his thick, hot creamy seed.

After he was spent, he thanked me with "You're a great cocksucker".

Deciding that I wanted to give him a special treat before he left, I polished his cock clean with my mouth and let it deflate in my mouth as I looked up at him. The only thing he kept repeating was "Holy shit."

After he went soft I looked up at him, kissed the tip of his cock, and said "thank you, baby". He watched me smiling as I wiped his cum into, not off my chest, and walked him, naked, to the door.

I walked to my laptop, hard, ready to jerk off, naked, with cum drying on my chest and stomach and looked at my screen. There were messages from guy #1.

Him: I'm back. Was on the phone.

Him: Hello?

Him: Where are you, little whore?

Him: Fucking tease.

Seeing his messages, I decided to tell him that I definitely hadn't intended to tease, but that now that I had just...entertained a guest, I would really feel like a whore if I invited him over now, role playing aside. Sitting back in my armchair and curling one leg under me, I placed my laptop on my naked lap and started typing.

Me: Hi babe. Easy on the insults there. Not ignoring you. Was kind of...busy...

Him: Sorry. No worries. What were you doing?

Me: lol...definitely not being a tease.

Him: seriously? You were fucking someone, you slut?

Me: No!

Him:???

Me: Well, ok a guy just came over.

Me: Hello?

Him: ur such a slut. He left already?

Me: I just sucked his cock. Didn't fuck

Him: Who was the guy?

Me: I don't know. Just a guy. He liked my pics and wanted head so...

Him: You don't even know him?

Me: I don't know you either.

Him: fucking slut.

Me: Whatever. ttyl.

Him: Wait!

Me:??

Him: Let me come over. My wife is shopping.

Me: I don't think so. I can still taste another guys' cum

Him: So

Me: I still have his cum on my chest.

Him: So what? You know you love it you little whore.

Me: I've never been with two guys in one day before. A bit much I think...

Him: You're a little whore and you know it. r u hard now?

Me: Yea

Him: You need to get fucked. Tell me you don't want a cock in your ass.

Me: Well...

Him: Don't clean out your mouth don't shower and don't get dressed, I'll be there in ten minutes.

The idea that he wanted me to be dirty and soiled was a huge turn on. SOLD. Again, make me feel like a dirty whore and I'm in. I gave him the address and waited. I didn't even want to cover myself or put on a robe because I didn't want the cum and sweat to wipe away. Settling on a light sheet that I draped around myself as I answered the door about fifteen minutes later. I opened the door leaning to the side in case any of my neighbors were in the hall and he stepped in.

There was really no need for small talk. Bowing my head slightly as he walked by, he brazenly patted my ass through the sheet as he walked by. But for that thin, summer sheet I was naked and exposed. He knew what I was doing half an hour earlier because I told him. He knew there was dried cum on my body. He knew I loved to have my ass worshipped. He knew that I had a whorish streak and today was his lucky day. We went straight to my bedroom.

"Do you want a bottled water?" I said, breaking the ice.

"I'll have one if you do" he replied amiably.

Sauntering to the kitchen, I opened the refrigerator and grabbed two Poland Spring waters enjoying the small rush of cold air against my naked body. Walking back into the bedroom, I handed him his bottle which he opened and took a sip of before recapping and putting on the table next to the bed. I did the same.

He sat on my bed and with no preamble whatsoever said, "Now, let's see that ass, whore".

Dutifully, I let the sheet drop, stepped towards him and turned so my backside was facing him. I felt his hands on my hips and he pushed my back forward so my hands were resting on my thighs. He ran his hands slowly over my small, succulent bubble butt slowly, massaging me gently. "That's one sexy ass" he commented quietly.

"Thank you" I replied. He slapped it, lightly, testing me. I moaned in pleasure letting him know it was ok. He slapped me harder.

"Fuck yeah. Own my ass, babe I saved it for you today".

"You asked for it, you little cunt."

He spun me around and effortlessly guided me across his lap, on my stomach my bare ass upturned. He was so big compared to me, easily a foot taller and more than a hundred pounds heavier. I was like a child lying across his lap. My cock hardened in anticipation of what was going to happen. One of his hands was on my upper back and the other was rubbing my ass. I started breathing heavier anticipating my spanking.

Then he lifted his hand and brought it down hard right on my left ass cheek. Chuckling as I emitted a small cry, he brought his hand down hard on the right cheek.

"Make it red, babe." I gasped.

He repeated his slap five times. Then, I felt something wet, a finger protrude into my anus, shocking me.

"Fuck, you're tight." he stated.

Giving my ass anther few hard slaps, he lifted me off of his lap and tossed me on the bed where I landed on my side. He walked a few steps away from the bed to undress. Idly stroking my cock while lying on the bed and waiting for the pain in my ass to subside, I just watched him. To me he had sex appeal. He wasn't handsome. He had blue piercing eyes but his body was pale and slightly overweight. His arms were very strong and tanned from just above the elbows down, like he wore short sleeves regularly. He had the overall appearance of someone whose job required a lot of strength but required him to sit for a long time, a truck driver maybe. The thought of being manhandled by him again was exciting.

As he was undressing he kept his eyes on me and I started talking "What are you going to do with your dirty whore next, baby? maybe cum on my chest (wink)".

He was smiling ear to ear as I got off my bed and walked over to him as he was finishing undressing and started sucking on his hard nipples which were about eye level with me.

His arms encircling me as I gently sucked his nipples I reached down to stroke his cock with both hands. It was gently pressing against me and his pre cum, which was dripping onto my thighs and stomach was a massive turn on.

Slumping slowly to my knees, I was face to face with his long hard cock. I mean rock hard. I admired it. These eight tasty inches of flesh that would soon be punishing my ass were breathtaking. Looking him right in the eye, I slowly kissed the tip of his cock to show my complete and utter submission. Feeling the heat from his body and feeling his cum on my thighs coupled with his masculine, musky scent was too much for my senses. I felt lightheaded and went wild in ecstasy. Becoming immersed in my task, I slowly kissed and licked his large hairy balls. I sucked on them languidly with my eyes closed, tasting the built up sweat. I licked his taint with the flat of my tongue, my nose grazing his ass. I even flicked my tongue out to his rim ever so quickly. He spread his legs wider and groaned in pleasure as he stared triumphantly down at me, his slut for the day, working on pleasuring him.

He started breathing a little heavier. Grabbing the back of my head in his hands, he thrust his hot cock into my mouth saying "You like this, huh? Like my cock in your little whore mouth?"

God, it was erotic. His cock was hot around my tongue. More pre cum than the first guy but I knew that already because he had left some on my hands and thighs earlier. Feeling cheap and dirty while slurping on his beautiful cock, I was rock hard. I sucked his cock long and hard, letting it go all the way into my mouth. He groaned loudly as my nose nearly touched the base of his stomach, my face buried in his sweaty, musky crotch. I felt his cock harden in my mouth, his hands tighten in my hair and his body stiffen-I knew he was close. Touching his cock to the back of my throat I gently bobbed my head and I was rewarded by his huge orgasm. His body trembled as his jerking cock shot loads and loads of hot, sweet cum right into my mouth and down my throat. Swallowing as much as I could, I was nevertheless surprised at the sheer amount of hot cum that spewed from his glorious cock. The remnants spilled down my chin and dripped onto my knees. Drinking every last drop of his manly juice, I looked up at him at my new master.

I let his cock plop out of my mouth, spring back to rest on my cheek smearing me with cum and saliva. Lifting his cock up and pulling my face forward I sucked on each of his balls slowly, methodically, his cock dripping cum into my hair and face as I maneuvered my head under his body. My mouth enveloped the entire sac. He groaned loudly. As I moved away from his ball sac he casually slapped my face with his cock.
