 This story takes place when I was in my second year of University. I was struggling with some of my course work, partly due to partying and partly due to boredom with education. My tutor, Mr Halfpenny, had call me to his office to go over some of my work and to try and help me get back on track. Mr Halfpenny was one if the better tutors and always willing to give up his time, I guess I now know why. I'd say he was mid-forties and I know he was married, but I don't think he had kids. I'm only guessing as when I went into his office he had a picture of, who I assume was his wife, on his desk but that was about it.

I arrived at his office about 5pm one afternoon whilst everyone else was making their way back to their digs. I knocked on the door.

"Come in," he said and I made my way into the office. I'd never really seen him in casuals before, but he was wearing a tight t-shirt with jogging bottoms and had wet hair. He noticed my look of surprise.

"Just been out for a run and had a shower," he said reading my thoughts. "Take a seat."

I sat on a chair opposite his desk and he proceeded to go through some of my course work and give me some very helpful tips on how I could get back on track. My parents had invested a lot of time and money to get me through Uni and I had no intention of letting them down. After about an hour and a half we had worked through a plan and I promised him I was ready to knuckle down and would get back on track. Mr Halfpenny stood up to shake my hand and I couldn't help but notice as he did so that his cock was swinging about in his joggers. Clearly he wasn't wearing any underwear which seemed a bit weird. I'm not entirely sure how long I was gawping, or even why I was gawping as I had no interest in other men.

"Something the matter?" he asked, clearly aware of what I was looking at.

"What?" I stammered, knowing I'd been caught out, "Er, no everything is fine." 

Damn I was completely flustered and knew I'd gone bright red. What was wrong with me?

"Come round here, I want to show you something," he said. Part of me assumed this was going to be something to do with my work, but another part suspected and secretly hoped that it was something else completely, I walked around to the other side of desk as he sat back in his chair. Mr Halfpenny was smiling and I knew why. My cock was solid in my jeans, he knew it and I knew he knew it. He pointed at the picture of his wife that was on his desk. He wanted to show me that?

"What do you think?" he asked.

I had no idea what to say. I wasn't really into older women but she looked good for her age.

"Erm, very nice," I muttered.

"I think so too. Would you like to fuck her?" he asked smiling at me.

"What?"

"Would you like to fuck her?" he repeated, "or are you not into women?"

"Yes of course I am, but..."

"But you like men as well?" he grinned.

I had never been with another man, never even thought about it.

"No, I'm not gay if that is what you are asking."

"No? Me neither but why do these things need a label. So you're not gay but yet you were looking at my cock weren't you?" he asked as he moved he chair slightly closer.

I leaned back against the desk.

"I didn't mean too, it was just sort of hanging in your jogging bottoms."

"Was it? Yours doesn't appear to be hanging down does it?" He smiled.

No it didn't. It was rigid in my jeans. Mr Halfpenny leant forward and undid my belt, button and slowly lowered my zip. I was rooted to the spot. I wanted to run, but yet I was as confused and turned on as hell. He pulled my boxers to one side and let my cock spring out. He smiled. 

"Okay, your choice," he said,"I will count to five. If you do yourself up and leave my office we will never speak of this again, however, if you are still stood here then I will assume you are okay with whatever will happen next."

All I could do was nod to acknowledge I understood.

"One... Two... Three... Four..."

He looked at me. I hadn't moved a muscle and I could see a dribble of juice appearing at the end of my cock.

"Five..." 

He looked at me with bag grin n his face. I grabbed hold of the desk as he leaned forward and pulled my jeans and boxers down. It would be fair to say I don't have the biggest cock in the world and he pretty much took the whole lot into his mouth in one go. I groaned and closed my eyes as he started to suck me, I'd had a few blow jobs from inexperienced girls, but boy did he know exactly what he was doing. He took hold of my balls in one hand and left a little bit of my shaft out of his mouth so he could tug me at the same time. I could usually pace myself, I'd only cum very quickly once with a girl and that was my first time, but I knew I wasn't going to last here. He was sucking and slurping on my cock like a pro. He let go of my balls and pulled me slightly away from the desk. I felt him slip his hand up towards my arse. No one had ever touched my opening mr before but he probed at my crack with his finger before gently nudging it in an inch or so. That was it, it felt unbelievable. I let out a big groan and shot a big stream of juicy cum straight into his mouth as he probed, sucked and tugged on me furiously. I shot several more jets of cum into his mouth before he slipped his finger back out of me and slowed down his pace on my cock. He continued to lick my cum from my cock as it softened.

Wow, I had never experienced anything like that. He sat bake and smiled at me as my cock hung limply between my legs.

"Would you like a go?" he said grinning at me.

I didn't say anything, couldn't say anything, I was dumbstruck, he stood up and dropped his jogging bottoms revealing a semi hard cock that was clearly bigger than my own.

"You can touch it if you like,"

Boy did I ever want to. I leant forward and took it in my hand. It wasn't fully erect and felt soft and silky. I slowly pulled his foreskin back revealing a shiny purple head. I wanked him for a bit until his cock was rigid. It was definitely a lot bigger than mine. I dropped down to my knees still with my own jeans around my ankles and licked the end of his cock. I didn't know what to expect but it tasted nice and clean from where he had showered. I tried to take as much as I could and worked my mouth up and down his cock. I looked up and could see he was clearly enjoying himself. 

After a few minutes of sucking I could sense he was getting close to giving me my first mouthful of cum, 

"Stop," he commanded.

Reluctantly I took my mouth of his cock. He beckoned me to stand up and turned me around. I had. A feeling I knew where this was going. He gently pushed my back so I was bent over his desk with my arse on show. He opened one of his drawers and took something out. I heard him take the lid off and stayed still as I felt his wet, lubed up finger, begin to probe again at my arse opening. He gently pushed it inside and moved it around.

"Relax," he whispered.

Relax? He was about to fuck me, how could I relax. He gently pushed another finger inside me until I gradually felt myself getting used to the unfamiliar sensation.

"Are you okay with this?" he asked.

I let out a groan to acknowledge that I was. He took hold of his cock and I felt him pushing it against my soaking wet opening. He was very gentle with me, again clearly experienced, and slowly eased his helmet into me. I felt a pop and a bit pain, but it wasn't unpleasant. He stayed there for a moment whilst I got used to it and then began to ease himself in and out of my virgin arsehole. I was getting very turned on and could feel myself getting hard. He moved me slightly holding my waist with one hand and reaching around to grab my cock at the same time. 

God it felt so good, I was being fucked and wanked off at the same time, the sensation was incredible. He had started to build up his rhythm and I knew he was going to cum and I wasn't going to stop him. He let out a guttural moan as he slapped himself deep into me and released a torrent of cum. He had let go of my cock and I took it in my own hand and began and to wank it as hard as I could. He was still thrusting deep in me releasing more of his cum. I pushed his wife's picture over on his desk and shot my second load of cum of the day all over her face. He had finished cumming and was holding himself in me as I emptied the rest of my load all over his wife's picture, something he clearly approved of as he urged me to cover the sluts face. Eventually I was empty and he pulled himself out of me. Fucking amazing was the only way I could describe it.

Without another word being said he handed me some tissues and we both cleaned ourselves up. Needless to say I went on to pass my course with flying colours, with a little more extra curricular help from my tutor.