 Like a lot of men out there, I've never been attracted to other men. I've never looked at a man and thought "wow, I'd love to get with him". But every now and then I did get the craving for a hot man on man experience. It is, for a lot of us, something taboo. Somewhere where I could role play as a diminutive slut for a dominating older man. I'm a sexual creature and if a man wanted to use my body, so be it. I thought about it for a while before I actually did it but this is how it came about. 

It was July and I was in my condo in Cambridge MA after drinking on a Friday night. I came home buzzed and I was very horny, and had been thinking about it for awhile so I placed an ad in Craigslist personals for some hot steamy guy on guy sex. My ad aimed to be provocative, daring and sexy. It read with a headline "Tasty Ass Waiting" and when the ad was opened it continued "To be massaged, rubbed, spanked and fucked. Me: About 5"6, 150 or so, lean body, smooth, tight ass, brown hair, brown eyes" It also made it obvious that I wanted to be treated like a slut. That was my scene. I made it clear that the lucky guy, whoever he was, needn't worry about pleasuring me, his pleasure was the first goal and that I would only cum if he wanted me to. I was just the instrument for his use The pictures were of my ass which is one of my best features. I know this because I had received compliments from women and men over the years on my small shapely ass. I like to show off my ass, tease with my ass and have my ass played with, worshiped and most of all spanked. It's an erogenous zone for me. 

I was very descriptive about what I wanted done to me and what I wanted to do. I made it clear that what I wanted was to take a (preferably older) man into my hot, hungry mouth and slowly suck on his hot throbbing cock making him rock hard after which time he could take me on all fours and fuck my virgin ass and treat me like his little slut. I included pictures of my ass and a nude from the side showing my slim build and thighs. It got A LOT of responses. 

Looking through the responses naked, I idly stroked my hard six inch cock as I replied to some messages and occasionally sent out a picture of myself. Most of the people flaked out. Some didn't want to drive to Cambridge which is just outside of Boston. Some who knew the area knew they would be hard pressed to find parking (a constant problem). I ended up going to sleep after jerking myself off. Jerking off naked, in my I rubbed my hot cum on to my body. I wanted to go to bed sticky with cum, even if it was my own. I imagined being fucked by a stranger after he violently face fucked me.

But the next day I went back to my computer and found many messages that came in after I went to bed. There were messages from someone who I had teased incessantly the night before because I wanted him to come over but he couldn't. He loved my ad and the pictures of my tiny sexy ass. 

I obliged when he begged for more pictures. Teasingly. Sparingly. We traded pics and chatted for a week. Our chat sessions would turn into mutual masturbation sessions where he would call me a slut, a whore and tell me what he was going to do to me. I would sit at laptop fully nude and stroke my cock until I came as I read his chats. I realized that being called slut and whore was a huge turn on for me. I also realized that talking about my smooth, tight ass was a turn on for him. I called him "baby" and he called ,me "slut". We agreed that if we ever did connect, I wouldn't come until he let me.

Me: Hey baby, you up?

Him: Hi, my little slut. When can I fuck that sexy little ass of yours?

Me: In time...It's tight. What if your cock hurts too much ;)

Him: Loosen it up

Me: lol...with what?

Him: do you have a sausage?

Me: No! I have a hotdog though...lol

Him: Put it in your ass and take a picture of it

Me: Are you serious?

Him: Now you fucking whore. You know you want to.

Me: One minute.

Me: There, you like? (attachment)

Him: That's fucking hot. Is it still in your ass?

Me: Yes baby.

Him: Take it out.

Me: Thank you!

Him: put it in your mouth.

Me: NO!

Him: Now slut.

Me: (attachment)

Him: You are a cunt.

Me: Just for you.

Him: Jerk off until you cum.

Me: k

Him: Stroke it.

Me: yea

Him: Imagine I'm slapping your whore ass.

Me: ...

Him: I'm fucking your slutty ass

Me:!!

Him: I'm going to cum on you, slut

Me: I'm cummmminnnggggg

Him: Finished?

Me: Yes. God. I like hot dogs.

Him: Where did you cum?

Me: On my stomach, why?

Him: wipe it up with the hotdog and eat it. Then take a picture of it.

Me: It was in my ass...

Him: Do it or we don't talk again.

Him: Still there?

Me: (Attachment)

Him: Wow! What a good little whore. How did your cum and ass taste?

Me: I hope yours tastes better... 

Him: You're a tease, when can I come over?

Me: Soon I promise...

He sent me a picture of himself. He was probably late 50's or thereabouts, white hair, Hispanic, professional looking and average height. His cock was about seven inches long, not too thick but veiny. All in all he was in good shape for an older guy. 

The following Saturday, I woke up naked and hard and decided to see if he was online. I sent him a quick email and he responded a few minutes later. I decided that I had teased him long enough so I invited him over that morning. Idly stroking my cock, I contemplated what I would be willing to do if he agreed to come over. After all, the confidence I can display while chatting and the confidence I would have in real life were two different things. Before I could get too wrapped up in my thoughts, a reply came back asking for my address 

Nervous as hell but excited, I showered and put on some closely fitting shorts and a t-shirt. And waited. When he came to the door I let him in, we had some awkward talk about where he parked and if he wanted something to drink, which he declined, and I gave him the "dime tour" of my place. It was a three room apartment so it was a quick tour but in the hall between my bedroom and the living room he stood behind me and slid his hands down my shorts, under my briefs and started caressing my ass. This was the first time a man had ever touched me but I didn't freak out, I was ready. 

"Do you like the feel of my ass baby?" 

"Oh yeah" as he intensified his efforts.

After a couple of minutes of him massaging my succulent ass, I led him into the living room, had him sit on the couch and excused myself for a minute. Stripping to just my briefs in the next room (I wanted to let him take off my briefs) I returned to the living room to find him waiting for me, pleasantly surprised at my lack of clothing. Standing demurely in front of him, and sliding my briefs an inch or two down, I put his hands on my hips and asked him to remove my underwear. With his face nearly touching my midsection, he slid his hands down my ass pulling my briefs down at the same time.

Stepping towards him and out of my briefs, I straddled his lap while his hands massaged my smooth tight ass, my hardening cock pressing into his abdomen. Kissing and licking his chest and nipples as he tossed his shirt aside, I felt him put him put one hand on my head and the other on my naked ass. The heat coming from his body was palpable and his manly scent and body sweat was nothing short of erotic. His body was tanned all over, like he was used to working outside with his shirt off. His hands were soft; he was an office worker but he spent time outdoors, maybe on the weekend in his own garden. He had a slightly hairy chest, light brown skin, and black hair on his abdomen with a "happy trail" leading towards his crotch. 

Taking one of his fingers in my mouth, I sucked on it like you would suck on a cock leaving it wet with my saliva. As his other hand pushed my head lower towards his crotch, my ass rose upward in the air as my back arched. The finger that I had been sucking was quickly inserted into my ass as I jolted, momentarily surprised. 

"God, you are tight".

I just nodded, looked up submissively at him while I placed more wet kisses on his midsection. He looked down at me, saliva from my tongue making a trail on his firm abs. He put his hand in my hair and pulled my head back. Then he surprised me by slapping my face lightly. 

"Time to suck me off. Get on your fucking knees". 

Slumping to my knees I unbuttoned his shorts and his cock sprang out. It was about seven inches and veiny. He was very hairy and he smelled musky. I was feeling aroused, naked, my bare ass grazing the hardwood floor, face flushed, a cock in front of me while he looked down at me, breathing heavily, expecting. God it was hot. My first cock. My very first act was to look up at him and kiss the tip of his hard cock. To be, this was the ultimate form of submission, the ultimate display of subservience. He moaned in approval. Then I took him in my mouth, letting his entire length slide on my tongue. I licked the tip, swirling my tongue around the head taking just the mushroom of his circumcised member in at first. Then I slowly licked just the shaft, getting him harder. Greedily taking him into my mouth, I slowly, attentively, sucked his entire seven inches of beautiful meat. 

It was amazing. To feel that hot throbbing flesh and pre cum in my mouth and his hands in my hair as he moaned and mumbled in Spanish was fantastically erotic. As my head was bobbing, my cheek was grazing his thigh which glistened with sweat. My hands were on his calves as I rocked my lithe naked body, back and forth, his cock sliding in and out of my mouth as if it were a slick pussy. Taking it deeper into my mouth, my nose literally touched his body, his pubic hair in my face. He moaned loudly and audibly when I did that. 

"You really are a fucking whore."

"mmm-hmm...just for you baby" was my reply as I bobbed my head slowly. 

I inhaled his musk deeply. Being surrounded by his scent was extremely arousing and my cock was still rock hard. Pulling away from his cock, I hungrily sucked on his balls one by one as his wet cock rested on my face. Like a wanton slut, I arched my back to shamelessly lick his taint with the flat of my tongue and felt enormous pride when he groaned. Moving my tongue over, I licked and kissed his inner thighs, all the while deeply inhaling his scent, feeling his sweat on my face and his hard cock awkwardly brushing my face. 

Breathing heavily, I was overtaken with the aura of his cock. The sheer ecstasy of giving that much pleasure was nearly spiritual. I breathed in his scent, pre cum and saliva were on my chin and cheeks. I was vaguely aware of his mumblings of approval in both Spanish and English. Then, he took my face in his hand and held it firmly in place, and lightly slapped my face, bringing me back to the present. I was painfully aware of my throbbing hard cock.

"Can I come now, baby?"

"Not yet"

Then he plunged his cock deep in my mouth again and started face fucking me. His pre cum dripping in my throat while his musky cock hair was grazing my face was so openly and violently sexual. I allowed it for a minute and then I took control again and when I did, I slowly let him out of my mouth and led him to the bedroom. 

Ordering me to lie on the bed on my back as he put on a condom, he looked at me with open and calculated anticipation. Not knowing whether I was going to receive pleasure or pain, I felt momentarily nervous. Approaching me and effortlessly maneuvering my body, his fingers found my ass. The lube was cold as it was rubbed into my tight asshole. Clenching my ass in surprise earned me a hard slap on the ass. He rubbed lube into my tight hole with his fingers. He lifted my legs up, stepped into me, lined his cock up with my tight, small smooth ass and pressed into me 

Although he went slowly at first, just inserting the first couple of inches in, the pain was still excruciating. My virgin asshole struggled to accept his hot throbbing cock. My legs went rigid as I anticipated pain.

"relax" he grunted giving my ass a loud slap.

I nodded. His cock pressed against my anal ring and I could feel myself starting to open for him. Then, in one hard thrust, he entered me deeply and most of his hard cock disappeared into my tiny ass. My strong, shapely legs curled in the air as he held them in place. The pain was palpable but as it started to subside my ass was just numb After my body adjusted to his cock, I put my ankles on his shoulders and told him to fuck me harder. I watched his cock get deeper and deeper. Gyrating my ass, I heard him let out a load moan and knew that he loved it. Seeing his cock disappear deeper and deeper into me as our bodies got closer was almost sensual.

Then he had me get on all fours, doggy style. Placing his strong hands on my thin hips, he lined his cock up with my sexy ass. There was no hesitation this time, as he plunged into me quickly, fucking me hard. I spread my legs wider, arched my back, and fucked him back. His whole cock was inside me, his hot body slapping against mine. The sweaty pubic area that I was hungrily inhaling a short while ago was now slamming into my hips. I could feel his wet, matted pubic hair rub against my body. 

It was easier this time. His hand rested on my arched back and slid my ass back and forth easily onto his hot meaty cock. The sound of our bodies slapping and the heady, tangy smell of body sweat and sex filled the room. I started to move my ass in a circular motion and lightly clenched on his cock with my ass muscles as he fucked me. Gasping, his grip tightened on my hips. Adding a little dirty talk to the scene I offered "fuck my little whore ass baby".

This excited him even more. He was going harder and harder, slapping my ass intermittently, breathing heavier and heavier until he finally came with a loud moan. Staying in me for a minute while we both cooled down, he rubbed my ass as his cock deflated. He came out and sat down on the edge of the bed. 

I laid on my bed and asked simply "baby can I please come now?"

He looked at me "go ahead".

As he watched, I laid back and stroked my cock. Closing my eyes, I could hear him insulting me as I spewed ropes of hot cum onto my chest and stomach. Opening my eyes and staring straight at him, I smeared my seamen into my chest and stomach as he looked straight back at me.

"Puto". Whore. 

I smiled.

Then I did something that I did for my following male lovers. As he sat naked on the edge of my bed recovering and telling me I was a great fuck, I reached out my hand for the used condom which he gave me. I went to the bathroom, got a wet, hot towel, came back, got on my knees and gently washed off his cock, balls, belly and thighs. Patting him dry as best I could, I inhaled his musky scent one last time, leaned in and kissed his cock tip one last time, bowed my head and said "thank you baby". 

Later that day I thought that I was happy to have got that experience out of my system. Little did I know that it wouldn't be long before my inner slut re emerged.