  

It was still dark outside when the cab arrived to take me to the airport. The driver pulled up, climbed out of the car and went to unlock the trunk so I could put my suitcase and computer back in. He was tall, maybe six foot two or six foot three with large muscular arms and legs which were intriguing to watch as he easily picked up my heavy bag. As he turned to climb back into the driver's side of the cab I noticed his tight ass.

I climbed in back and confirmed I wanted to go to Terminal C at the airport for a ten a.m. flight. It was about a forty five minute drive to the airport and considering my early start I knew I would get there several hours early, but I thought I might try to catch an earlier flight, but if not I could get a bite to eat at a restaurant in the terminal.

As the car pulled onto the road I looked at the driver in the mirror. He was fair skinned but spoke with a bit of an accent, so I guessed he was from somewhere in Europe, or somewhere. Wherever it was a heck of a lot different than the East Texan twang I run into a lot since I moved here. Not that the East Texan twang was a bad thing, but I always was worried I'd say something wrong and some red-neck would be ready to string me up for being a radical.

Still looking at the driver he wasn't what I'd call good looking, but I am sure some women might admire his rugged features. I'm not real good at conversation so besides a few remarks about where I was going and the weather, the ride was proceeding in silence. Diverting my attention from the driver's face, I noticed they had a number of postings on the car windows with the fares.

The main fare I saw was the one eleventh of a mile for seventeen cents and I had to ponder that amount, I mean why not one tenth of a mile for twenty cents, it certainly would be easier to calculate. Then I noticed they charged twenty dollars an hour for waiting. I could stop and spend an hour eating and then simply pay the driver twenty dollars.

As we continued toward the airport I began to wonder about the waiting time, did the driver just sit and read or something while waiting? What if the wait was only thirty minutes, did they charge ten dollars or did you pay something more? Remembering his powerful looking legs and arms I pondered another good possibility for the waiting period. What if... nah, he would never, or would he.

Leaning forward in the seat, I said, "You know I have plenty of time before need to be at the airport."

"I wondered about that, I mean you had me pick you up so early for a ten o'clock flight. I figured you might be trying to catch an earlier flight."

"I had thought of that, but the weather here is so nice I wonder, say if we stopped for maybe thirty minutes. The fare here says you charge twenty dollars for an hour, what do you charge for half and hour?"

"Well, we really don't have a rate outlined for that, but if you want to stop and have me wait I'd only charge you twelve dollars."

"Twelve isn't bad," I said. "Do you know of a quiet place to stop?"

"There's a couple of new roads just put in where they haven't built up the airport expansion yet, it's close to the airport, yet no one drives back there."

"Well, for twelve dollars, that's a deal," I said.

He continued driving for a bit and then as we exited and were heading for the airport he made a quick right hand turn and drove about a mile back near a cluster of trees. Pulling to a stop he asked, "Is this okay for you."

"Yeah, it's fine," I said climbing out of the car and stretching my legs. I walked over near the trees and then turned, surveying the entire area. I then unzipped my fly, turned and looked at a tree and urinated. When I finished I turned around with my cock still hanging out until, if the driver was watching me, he surely saw my cock as I tucked it back into my pants. I wandered back to the cab, but instead of climbing into the back seat I opened the front door and sat down.

The driver didn't say anything, he just looked at me. I looked up at his face and then down to his lap, noticing I had an erection. Reaching my hand over, I stopped, holding it just about his cock and asked, "May I?"

He nodded and then sighed slightly as I grabbed his cock through his pants. I squeezed it a couple of times and then began fiddling with his zipper. He quickly reached down, unzipped his zipper and eased his cock out. I heard a whirring motor sound and noticed he was moving his seat back so the steering wheel wouldn't be in my way.

His cock was large and as I wrapped both hands around his shaft, one on top of the other, the head of his cock still stood out above my hands. I began stroking with both hands as I watched him lean his head back against the headrest and close his eyes. Soon his hips began to lift up as I stroked.

I then leaned my head over and opening my mouth wide I slid it over the head of his cock and began sucking. Switching to stroking with just one hand I began to move it quicker as my tongue circled the head of his cock, dipping into the tiny hole to taste his pre-cum and then circling around it again.

As he continued raising his hips, I began sucking the head of his cock as my hand slid quickly up and down his shaft. After a few moments he moaned loudly and reached down to hold my head. Holding it tight, he shoved his cock deep into my mouth, bumping the back of my throat, damn near gagging me. I was able to pull my head away enough not to gag, but then he suddenly came, spurting his hot cum into my mouth.

I swallowed several time, so when I pulled my head away, I didn't spill a drop. I leaned my head back and rested it on the steering wheel as I continued stroking him. After a few moments I milked some more of his cum to the tip of his cock and I licked it off, letting it sit on my tongue as I enjoyed the bland, slightly salty taste of it. I then pulled my tongue back into my mouth and swallowed.

Sitting up I watched him work his cock back into his pants and zip up. He then looked at his watch and said, "Hmm, only fifteen minutes, I wonder what we can do with the rest of the waiting time?"

Watching his eyes move from my face, down my chest to focus on how my erection had made a tent in my pants I said, "I don't know, but I have a feeling I'm going to like it."

 