 **DISCLAIMER** This story contains scenes of sex between two men. If this offends you in any way or is illegal where you live, stop reading now and leave. 

It was almost June, and almost time for summer break. I was 18 and in my Senior year of high school. My name is Kyle and I'm about 5'9", white, brown hair, and pretty athletic. I went to the gym a lot and tried to take care of my body, despite not being interested in having a relationship. It just didn't seem appealing to me. But there was one person who I thought was incredibly hot above all others: my psychology teacher, Mr. Steadman. He was tall, about 6'5", and incredibly in shape as he used to play basketball in college. He was tan and had a defined face, with a chestnut brown beard cut short like his hair. He dressed very fashionably and you could always see he was hiding something big in those pants of his. He was very kind and popular and all of the girls liked him, but he obviously stayed professional. That is, he used to stay professional.

I had a crush on Mr. Steadman since I first met him, which is why I used my average grade in psychology as an excuse to have him tutor me after school. When the final bell rang on Friday afternoon, I slowly walked across the school, happy to go see him. Most teachers and students were eager to leave on Friday, but Mr. Steadman seemed to have an affinity for me, and teaching. I walked happily through the deserted halls until I turned the corner to his room. I saw his tall, some would say intimidating, figure with a huge smile across his face. He had an amazing smile that made you want to smile back.

"Hello, Kyle!" He greeted.

"Hey, Steadman!" I said, matching his enthusiasm.

"Ready to review for the exams?"

"Yup, got my book." I replied.

"Great, then let's get started!" he said as he turned and led me into his room. I pulled up a chair and we began reviewing the chapter on developmental psychology. I truthfully understood the unit completely, but I just liked spending time with him. He wasn't afraid to crack jokes or mess around with his students.

He was wearing a fitted white dress shirt, tie, and suit today as he relished dressing nicely and did so especially on Fridays. We eventually drifted from the subject of psychology.

"So how is school going for you? You excited for summer?" he asked me with a smile.

"Oh, definitely. I'm ready to be done with all of these exams."

"Oh I hear you. Trust me, these exams are stressful for us too."

"Just three more weeks!" I added cheerfully.

He laughed in agreement. "So what do you have planned for this beautiful Friday, Kyle?"

I laughed and said "Nothing, I have to work later tonight."

"No girlfriend?" He asked with an usually sly look about him.

"Not really interested in girls." I replied. I figured he wouldn't make a big deal out of it, as I had always heard him chastising students who misused "gay" or said "faggot".

"Oh, you're gay? I actually never would have guessed." He said with some bewilderment. It's true, I'm not very feminine and have plenty of girl and guy friends.

"Yeah, most of my friends know, but I haven't `come out' because the school doesn't really need to know. Besides, I couldn't get a boyfriend anyway" I said with a laugh.

"That's not true, plenty of people like you! You're pretty good looking." He said with some encouragement. I blushed and looked away, until I felt his hand on my thigh.

"At least, I always thought you were good looking.." I was shocked and I searched his face for some hint of a joke, but I couldn't find anything under his beard. He looked dead serious.

"I-I'm not sure about this. What if someone sees?" He got up and locked the door, then closed the blinds.

"Everyone else is home now, but that's covered just in case."

I was still just shocked that this man who was funny, sexy, and just all-around perfect wanted to have sex with me. But I pushed those thoughts aside as he strode over to me, taking off his blazer. He leaned down and we began kissing, the hairs of his beard tingled my face as our tongues danced between our open mouths. We ran our hands over each other's bodies as we kissed; I had a bit more difficulty reaching up his tall frame, but I was too intoxicated by him to care.

He pulled away and said "I've wanted this for a long time."

"I have too."

He pulled the bottom of my shirt up and over my head, exposing my chest. He ran his hands over my body briefly before I nudged him slightly towards his desk. He sat down on his desk and I moved up towards his collar. He undid his tie and I started to unbutton his dress shirt. I moved down his broad, strong chest and with each button I exposed more of his hairy, muscular body. His tan, olive skin flexed with his abs as he pulled his shirt off and threw it behind him. He leaned back as I ran my hands through his chest hair, feeling his huge pecs flex and bounce.

I moved forward and slowly licked his body as he moaned in ecstasy. I hugged his chest and ran my face over his washboard stomach. After a minute or two, he stood up and began undoing my jeans. He kneeled down and pulled my pants to the floor, my underwear still on. He felt my bulge and massaged me as I moaned and held on to the back of his head. He slowly pulled my underwear off and my 7 inch cock sprang free, pointing straight at him. He immediately put his mouth around it, and bobbed up and down my shaft. I moaned and savored each moment as he deep throated my cock. His beard tickled my pelvis each time he went all the way down. He went up and down for minutes, soaking my dick.

He stood up and it was my turn. I unbuttoned his chinos and pulled them to the ground. My mouth fell agape at what I saw. Packed into his boxer briefs was the biggest dick I had ever seen. He smirked at my look of amazement. It looked like there was a log going down his leg. I slowly pulled down the underwear and his massive cock flopped out. It was uncut and had to reach more than halfway to his knee.

"Holy shit, Steadman! This thing is massive! How big is it?" He laughed and gripped the base of his gigantic cock, flopping it around in the air. He moved the fat cock head around my mouth seductively and slapped me lightly on the cheek with it.

"It's about 9" when soft. Almost as thick as a beer can." He proudly recited. I sat there, mouth open in amazement. I took in the sight before me: a 6'5" Adonis, with a gorgeous face, the body of Ryan Gosling and a donkey dick. I carefully moved forward and picked up the massive piece of man meat in front of me. It felt so heavy and big, but I started wanking it anyway. He sighed with pleasure as I moved both my hands up and down his shaft. His muscles flexed as his cock throbbed and grew in my hands, lengthening and widening. As it grew I put my mouth around the head, licking in circles and sucking on what I could. He put his hand on the back of my head and guided me up and down as his dick kept growing and growing. Finally, after 5 minutes of this, it reached its full length of 13.5 inches. I opened my mouth wide and engulfed his cock. Mr. Steadman moaned as he moved my head up and down as far as I could go. I opened my gullet and was able to go almost eight inches down before gagging.

"That's pretty impressive for a first timer." Mr. Steadman said with a wink. I smiled and continued deep throating him and jacking off the 5 or so inches I couldn't take in my mouth. He moaned and helped guide me along his dick. He pulled his massive pole out of my mouth and, using his huge arm muscles, he picked me up by the under arm and placed me on his desk. He walked over to a cabinet, his bubble butt swaying with each step. He reached in far and pulled out some lube which he promptly poured over his pole. He began to spread it over his long cock as he walked back over. He put some on his fingers and began lubing up my hole. After a few minutes, I was loose and aching to feel him inside me.

He slowly positioned his dick head at my hole and asked, "Are you ready, Kyle?"

"Fuck yes." And with that he slowly inserted his monster cock inside my ass. We both moaned loudly as he moved more and more inside of me. When I thought for sure he was all the way in he said "Just about halfway there, how are you holding up?" I managed to squeak out a "fine" as my heart beat faster and faster. He slid more of his cock into me, deeper and deeper until I finally felt his pelvis touch my ass.

"There, are you feeling alright? You're doing really well. Most men can't take it all."

"I'm good!" I croaked out. And with that, he started pumping his pole in and out. He thrust back and forth with loud, manly grunts escaping him. I moaned as Steadman pounded my hole. Our back arched in pleasure as he stuck more than a foot of dick inside of my ass. He pulled out and stepped back, his massive pole swinging back and forth with a surpisiing amount of momentum. He pulled me in for a quick kiss before he turned me over onto my knees. I stuck my ass in the air, sweat dripping off my face with anticipation. Then I felt his strong, warm hands on my hips as he slid his titanic cock up my hole. I moaned with ecstasy.

He pounded my ass again and again, filling me completely and then pulling his long pole out, only to thrust it back in harder and harder. He fucked my hole for what seemed like hours, then he yelled "I'm going to cum!" He pulled out and began using both of his hands to masturbate furiously. I turned over onto my back and stared at the hulking man before me. I jacked off my own dick and came a huge load all over my chest, warm cum resting on my body.

Then Steadman's face started to twitch a bit and he began masturbating harder. Suddenly, a hot stream of cum came flying out on to my face. And it kept coming and coming in huge jets until it covered my face. I swallowed what I could but he came in bucket loads. He came at least 20 times until he finally finished, panting heavily and my body almost completely soaked in his semen. Out of breath, I said "We have to do this again."

"My wife is out of town this weekend." he replied with a smile.

END OF PART 1 