 Cory found himself often confused by the feelings that he was starting to feel whenever he was around other boys... not just Mr. Peterson. In the locker room before gym he couldn't help but peek at other dick's, wondering what they looked like. On occasion he wondered what would happen if he tried to touch one, but somehow he instinctively knew that if he was even caught looking that he'd be picked on even more by the other boys.

Finally he found himself back in Mr. Peterson's office, getting extra help on one of his papers.

"So how has everything been going Cory?" Mr. Peterson asked, "Are the other boys still bothering you?"

Cory shrugged, "Not any more than usual."

He flushed as he remembered the chain of events that his tormentors had led him to the last time... hidden in the closet getting secret pleasures from Mr. Peterson. He could almost taste the cum on his tongue again and blushed deeply. Mr. Peterson noted Cory's discomfort and excitement and it aroused him, as always.

"You know Cory," he said, his voice thickening with lust as he laid his hand on Cory's thigh, "There are other things I can show you, that feel even better."

For a moment Cory sat silent, his eyes closing as Mr. Peterson squeezed his thigh.

Then, barely audibly, he whispered, "Please..."

Mr. Peterson smiled, his hand leaving Cory's thigh to unzip his own pants and bring out his fleshy member. Cory was as mesmerized by it as he had been the last time, wanting to know more about these pleasures that his teacher had been showing him. He was helped to his knees and Mr. Peterson pressed his dick forward against Cory's lips.

"Open up," he said gently, "Suck on it..."

Cory remembered the last time, when he'd sucked on just the head. Opening his lips he let them glide over the mushroom again, his tongue questing and exploring. Mr. Peterson's grip on his head was light, but he used it to push more of his dick into Cory's mouth. Hard and firm, Cory sucked on it like he'd been told to, finding that the harder he sucked the more Mr. Peterson seemed to like it.

Starting a very slow thrusting motion, Mr. Peterson began to work more and more of his dick into Cory's mouth, slowly enough that it was very easy for Cory to adjust to the motion and the amount of meat he was sucking. Aroused by Mr. Peterson's obvious arousal, one of Cory's hands rubbed against the bulge in the front of his pants, while his other rested on Mr. Peterson's thigh to steady himself. He became hungry for more of Mr. Peterson, wanting to feel the whole length of his teacher's dick in his mouth. Pushing his head forward, he swallowed more and more.

When it bumped the back of his throat he gagged, almost feeling like throwing up.

"Careful," said Mr. Peterson, "Just concentrate on trying to swallow it..."

Thinking it over, Cory pushed his mouth back down on Mr. Peterson, his throat swallowing at the same time... and Mr. Peterson easily slipped all the way inside. Looking up, his lips around the base of his teacher's cock, Cory could see the ecstatic pleasure that Mr. Peterson was feeling, and it turned him on incredibly. He began rubbing his dick harder as Mr. Peterson thrust in and out of his mouth, feeling the pleasure build as he watched it grown in Mr. Peterson's face.

Mr. Peterson tightened his grip on Cory's hair, almost unable to believe how natural Cory was at this. Cory was swallowing his dick as easily as any pro, the hungry expression on his face making Mr. Peterson even harder. He began thrusting more roughly into Cory's mouth, feeling the younger man's tongue gliding over the underside of his dick, teasing the base of his mushroom head.

He started to push all the way in, holding himself in Cory's mouth, feeling the ripples in Cory's throat when he held himself there. Pulling out, he'd give Cory enough time to breath before pushing in and holding himself there again... it felt fantastic. Hot and wet, tight as Cory's throat convulsed... and so easy. 

Cory watched as Mr. Peterson's breathing started to get harder, and he was thrusting with more abandon... rubbing his own dick faster and harder, he was getting more and more excited.

Then Mr. Peterson thrust and held himself, for longer than before... Cory was starting to feel a kind of excited panic when suddenly Mr. Peterson's dick began pulsing against his tongue... cum sprayed straight down his throat to his stomach. He sucked harder as his own pleasure reached its peak and he orgasmed, a wet spot spreading on his pants. The taste of Mr. Peterson's cum was strong in his mouth again.

He kept sucking as Mr. Peterson sighed, his grip loosening on Cory's hair. For a few minutes he just let Cory suckle on his softening dick, enjoying the young man's eagerness to please. Looking down at Cory's pants, where his bulge had been only moments before, he saw the wet spot.

Cory looked down where Mr. Peterson's gaze had gone and blushed at his lack of self-control... he wished that he hadn't made himself cum. He'd wanted to feel the older man's hand on his penis, feel someone else touching him again. 

"It's ok Cory," Mr. Peterson smiled kindly at him, "It happens, especially when you're first starting out. There will be other times."