 The next day when Mr. Peterson was back, Cory was relieved. Although he'd enjoyed sucking off Buck in the showers, and then being fucked by Coach Hamilton, he also wanted to get back into his regular routine. And Mr. Peterson was much more gentle and comforting than the other two had been.

Walking into the classroom and seeing Mr. Peterson waiting for him with Sam, his dick got hard immediately. Especially because Mr. Peterson had Sam bent over his desk, with his pants down and two fingers in the young man's ass. Cory stared at Mr. Peterson's pumping fingers, wondering if that was what he looked like when Mr. Peterson did it to him.

Turning and smiling Mr. Peterson said, "Come on over here Cory, I'm getting him lubed up for you."

Realizing that he was going to get to fuck someone for the first time, Cory's dick jumped in his pants. He hurried over, stumbling a little as he tried to get his pants down while he rushed to the upturned ass of his former bully. Mr. Peterson handed him a bottle of lube which he slathered onto his dick... it was slick and wet, turning him on just as he fisted the slippery shaft of meat.

Mr. Peterson stood behind him as he got into place behind Sam, the teacher put his hand on Cory's dick to help guide him to Sam's ready asshole... Cory marveled at how big his swollen head looked next to Sam's small hole. He remembered how it had hurt the first time Mr. Peterson had entered him... but felt so good too. Pressing forward, he moaned as the head of his dick was swallowed into Sam's body, it was so tight and hot and slick... even better than being in Sam's mouth! 

Gasping with pleasure, he thrust his hips forward, making Sam cry out in surprise. Mr. Peterson held Cory's hips, slowing him down from pressing all the way into Sam's tight ass... it just felt so good that Cory didn't have the best control over his reactions. He wanted to shove his dick in immediately and just pump away, cumming quickly and filling the open hole with spunk.

Instead Mr. Peterson helped him slowly delve into Sam's hole, pushing deeper and deeper firmly but slowly. Sam moaned and began to wiggle his ass, pushing it back against Cory's dick until Cory's groin pressed against his ass cheeks. Groaning, Cory held tightly onto Sam's dick as he lost himself in the pleasure of clenching muscles, his dick being massaged by the interior of Sam's ass. He felt like he was going to explode right then...

Barely managing to hold onto his control, he began pumping in and out of Sam's ass, slowly but gently with Mr. Peterson guiding him. Sam, however, didn't want the gentle touch and started pushing his ass back hard against Cory's thrusting... letting out a strangled groan, Cory broke free of Mr. Peterson's hands and began roughly shoving himself in and out of Sam's ass.

Shivering with the penetration, Sam groaned and bucked in front of Cory, enjoying the ravaging of his asshole by the former virgin. Cory fucked harder and harder, losing himself in the ecstacy of sex... and as he felt Mr. Peterson's fingers entering his own ass and pressing deep, he heaved and buried himself into Sam's ass, pumping cum deep into Sam's body.

Cory felt completely depleted as he pulled out of Sam, his dick hanging limply in front of him. He heard Mr. Peterson dismiss Sam, and then his teacher pressed him over the desk, exactly where Sam had been only a minute before. Cory moaned as Mr. Peterson pressed into his ass, working his dick in with a few strokes and then beginning to fuck in earnest. 

Because he had just cum, Cory wasn't becoming aroused again exactly... it just felt good. Good to have his teacher's dick gliding in and out of his ass, taking him, pressing him... he pushed back against the oncoming spear. It was pure acceptance as Mr. Peterson took him, grunting heavily behind him as he banged away at Cory's body.

It went on for awhile, Mr. Peterson bucking and heaving behind him, shoving harder and harder into his ass... long enough to Cory's libido starting to stir again, his dick swelling just a little as Mr. Peterson took him from behind. He moaned as he listened to Mr. Peterson's grunts, the squelching sound of a dick entering his ass hard...

Looking up with lust-glazed eyes, he saw that the door to the office was open... and standing in the doorway was the Headmaster. Cory gasped, his ass tightening down on Mr. Peterson's dick in shock... but the Headmaster's glare was so hard and intimidating that he couldn't vocalize any of the panicked thoughts that were running through his head... instead his ass just tightened around the dick ramming it.

Mr. Peterson looked up at what Cory was looking at... seeing the Headmaster he knew that his time was up. Gripping Cory's hips hard he lunged forward, shoving his entire dick all the way deep into Cory's ass as the young man cried out in pleasured pain... and sighed as his last load filled Cory's ass.

Then, gasping, he pulled out and the Headmaster stepped forward, another teacher - Cory recognized Coach Hamilton - stepped forward with him.

"Pull up your pants and come with me, Cory," the Headmaster said in his deep forceful voice, "Coach Hamilton, please take Mr. Peterson to the teacher's lounge. We'll deal with him very soon."

Abashed and frightened, Cory followed the Headmaster down the hall, Mr. Peterson's cum slowly trickling down his leg.