 Cory found that he was rather disappointed the next day after school when Mr. Peterson wasn't there... he'd gotten used to finding pleasure in his teacher's office. He saw Sam, but it wasn't the same, and Sam seemed to be involved with his own group of boys - who were now leaving Cory alone thankfully.

So instead, Cory went to the gym and worked out, running laps around the track to work off some steam. It helped a lot, even though he found himself looking at the other young men in a very different way, sliding his eyes over their bodies and wondering what they looked like under their shorts. He wondered if any of them were looking at him in the same way... it was these thoughts which really kept his run from being totally useful.

Retiring to the showers, Cory found that he was not alone. Buck Johnson, Captain of the Football Team, was in there showering. Trying not to blatantly look, Cory couldn't help by eye Buck... he was very muscular and very attractive, an air of masculinity seeming to roll off of his body. Very different from both Mr. Peterson and Sam... Cory shifted his body to hide his slightly swollen member, not wanting Buck to see it.

But Buck already had.

"Like the view?" he sneered, walking over and showing himself off, "You're one of those guys that hangs around with Sam aren't you?"

Cory had been bullied by Sam for so long that he'd never considered other people might think that he was part of Sam's group... and he'd definitely never realized that other people looked at Sam and his friend's with contempt.

Not knowing what to say, Cory just shrugged.

"Well, if you're with Sam's group you must like sucking dick right?" Buck grinned, "I saw you checking me out... why don't you try sucking mine?"

Cory followed Buck's hand down to where it was stroking a swollen cock... it was very long and hard, and suddenly Cory very much did want to suck it. Lick it, taste it... roll it around in his mouth. Kneeling in front of Buck in the shower, the steam misted around them as Cory opened his mouth and took the head of Buck's dick between his lips.

Fleshy and firm, it tasted bittersweet with pre-cum. Cory sighed with a kind of happiness as his mouth traveled down the swollen shaft, feeling Buck's hands on the back of his head. He'd come to enjoy someone telling him what to do sexually, since all his encounters had been directed with care by Mr. Peterson.

Working more and more of Buck into his mouth, Cory laved his tongue on the underside of Buck's dick... teasing and probing. He could actually feel Buck swelling against the back of his throat when his lips touched Buck's groin, swallowing the other young man whole. Moaning, Buck started thrusting back and forth between Cory's lips... since Buck was taking on more of a role, Cory's hand slid down to his own dick, fisting it firmly. It had been awhile since he'd had to get himself off, but the erotic quality of the situation, and the lubricant of the water sheeting down on them, helped him a lot.

More experienced now, he recognized the low grunting quality of Buck's voice and the way his dick twitched inside Cory's throat... Buck was going to cum soon. Sucking hard, Cory could actually feel Buck pulsing in his mouth as it filled with frothy cum. It was sweeter than Mr. Peterson's, but very similar. He swallowed eagerly.

Sighing, Buck pulled away, "Thanks man. That was the best head I think I've ever had."

A little wash of pleasure flowed through Cory at Buck's words, because he knew that he was a novice at best. He did feel disappointed that Buck walked away afterwards, clearly done with his shower, leaving Cory kneeling and still hard. After watching Buck disappear out of the steam, Cory started fisting his dick again, working himself up as he thought about sucking Buck's dick.

"Well, well well..." the voice was much lower than Buck's and Cory turned to see Coach Hamilton, "Enjoyed sucking off the Captain of the Football Team, eh Cory?" Cory felt panicked, until he realized that Coach was walking towards him and unzipping his pants, "How bout you do something for his coach as well?"

Cory moaned with anticipation as the Coach pushed him down on all fours in the shower, not at all seeming to mind that his clothes were getting wet as he kneeled behind Cory. Although Cory was a little wary, he was also very horny and not exactly accustomed to saying no. 

Coach Hamilton didn't use any lubricant, with the water from the showers making both of them wet. Instead he just lined up his dick with Cory's asshole and thrust in... it hurt more than when Mr. Peterson had used lube, he could feel the stretch more, but it felt good too. Coach was rougher than Mr. Peterson, not as tender of Cory... and yet that turned him on even more. Despite the fact that he was not touching himself, and Coach's hands were planted firmly on Cory's hips as he thrust into the younger man's ass, Cory could feel his orgasm growing with every shove.

Pushing back against Coach, he could feel the dick inside him rubbing against that spot that Mr. Peterson had once fingered... as Coach thrust harder and harder, ravaging Cory's ass, Cory was working closer to orgasm as well. Gasping as Coach sodomized him roughly, Cory felt his balls tightening without any stimulation to them or his dick... and to his surprise he began to cum just from being fucked in the ass. It spurted out onto the tile floor, water quickly sweeping it down the drain.

As Cory came his ass tightened around Coach's cock, causing the pumping older man to tense and shudder as he filled Cory's ass with creamy froth. Both of them knelt there gasping, and then Coach stood, patting Cory's ass.

"Grade A Cory, Grade A." He grinned at walked out, leaving Cory there as the shower washed away all evidence of Cory's sexual activities. However, Coach was not done for the day... he had some suspicions about how Cory ended up in the locker room that day, ready and willing for fucking.