 Cory followed behind the Headmaster, frightened and anxious about his fate. And Mr. Peterson's fate for that matter... he didn't quite understand what was wrong or why Coach Hamilton should be able to take charge of Mr. Peterson when the Coach had sex with him just the day before.

Following the Headmaster into the office, he felt like he was in a daze as the Headmaster took his arm and walked him over to the desk. Then Cory was bent over - almost exactly as he had been in Mr. Peterson's room, and to his shock the Headmaster pulled down his pants. Closing his eyes, he realized that the Headmaster was looking him over, and from the stickiness on his thighs he knew that Mr. Peterson's cum was dripping out of his tight little asshole which had already closed up.

Suddenly the Headmaster's fingers pressed against Cory's hole, and pushed inwards... he gasped with shock. The Headmaster had very thick fingers, two of them almost the girth of Mr. Peterson's dick... it felt painfully good and he could feel his dick starting to stir again.

"Oh yes, he fucked you good didn't he?" The Headmaster sneered, "How many times?"

"What?" Cory gasped as the Headmaster forcefully thrust his fingers fully into Cory's ass.

"How many times has he fucked you?" The Headmaster's fingers started pumping in and out of Cory's ass as he writhed a little and tried to remember.

"This was the third time, only the third time!" Cory cried out, shivering and blushing as his own dick starting to rise to the occasion. The Headmaster noted his reaction.

Shoving his fingers in deeply he asked, "And what else has he had you do?"

"I've jerked him off," Cory gasped as the fingers inside him writhed, he was fully hard now, the head of his dick bumping against the hard wood of the Headmaster's desk, "And sucked him, and he's watched while Sam sucked me and today when I fucked Sam..."


He collapsed as the Headmaster's fingers left his ass, almost shivering with relief. Everything was so strange, and happening so fast, he didn't know at all what to think.

When he felt the thick meaty head of a dick at the entrance of his anus, he cried out in complete confusion. He felt sure that this was the reason Mr. Peterson had gotten in trouble, but now the Headmaster was gripping his hips and pushing his dick into the student's ass. Cory groaned as he was split open, the Headmaster was much thicker around than Mr. Peterson or Coach Hamilton and he could feel his ass straining around the thick cock.

"OH GOD..." he moaned, "WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!!" 

"This is what Mr. Peterson has been doing isn't it?" the Headmaster grunted as he shoved an inch of his cock up Cory's ass, "I'm just making sure you really like it."

And Cory did, he moaned as his ass stretched open, his own dick hitting the warm wood of the Headmaster's desk as his hips moved back and forth with the Headmaster, the thick shaft of meat slowly filling his ass. It didn't go as deep as Mr. Peterson's, but god did it stretch him open. He was groaning as the Headmaster pressed his upper body flat on the desk, the older man's groin warm against Cory's spread buttocks.

As the Headmaster began to thrust in and out of Cory's tight ass, moaning with pleasure as he sodomized the confused student, Cory moaned with arousal. He was turned on, having been made to confess his activities with Mr. Peterson and the strange reactions of the Headmaster, as well as the thickness of the cock that was stretching him open. 

"Do you like it?" the Headmaster grunted, using his hands on Cory's hips to thrust into him brutally hard, almost knocking the breath out of the student, "Does it feel good?"

"Yes..." Cory moaned, "Oh god yes..."

Cory's own dick was so swollen and aching, he felt like if the Headmaster would just touch his dick he'd cum immediately... he'd gotten so used to having stimulation while being fucked. Although he did remember in the shower when Coach Hamilton had taken him from behind and he'd cum without any stimulation other than the dick in his ass... 

But the Headmaster, hearing Cory's moans and affirmation, reached around and gripped Cory's dick tightly, his hand moving firmly towards Cory's body just as he thrust hard into Cory's ass. Feeling the Headmaster's hand on him, Cory shuddered and the cum boiled up in his balls, his ass clenched down hard on the thick meat inside it, rippling as he spasmed and began to cum.

"OH! OH GOD!!!!!!" Cory thrashed in front of the Headmaster as the older man pumped his cock in and out of Cory's ass brutally while the younger man climaxed, almost as though his thrusting dick was pushing the cum out of Cory's body.

Just as Cory's orgasm was starting to diminish, the Headmaster grunted and thrust forward hard, trapping Cory against the desk. The last few spurts of his own cum sprayed the side of the desk as his ass clenched around the cock that was twitching inside of it. He could feel his second load of cum that day, filling up his ass, the Headmaster's heavy dick pulsing against his tight anal ring with every spurt.

Shuddering, Cory lay there until the Headmaster was totally finished and pulled away.

Silently Cory pulled up his pants, blushing and unsure of what was going to happen now.

Sitting down at his desk, Cory's cum dripping down the side of it, the Headmaster smiled at him, "We have a special class that I'd like you to join us at tomorrow Cory. It's a kind of study center for some of our students, just come to this room at the time when you usually meet with Mr. Peterson."

Handing Cory a card with the room number on it, the Headmaster looked down at his paperwork, obviously done with the student. Uncertainly Cory backed away and then hurried out the door, he didn't know how he felt about the entire afternoon.