 Author's Note: This story contains both oral and anal gay sex. Enjoy! =)

--------------------------------

When Cory came back the next afternoon, he wasn't as surprised this time to find Sam there too... it did surprise him a little that both Sam and Mr. Peterson were both just sitting there waiting for him. But he was welcomed with a warm smile from his teacher, who immediately stood and gently kissed Cory's lips. By the time he pulled away, Sam was on his knees, only about two feet away from Cory.

With a gentle push, Mr. Peterson guided Cory forward. Cory was surprised when Sam seemed rather eager to get his zipper down... although Cory wasn't actually hard yet, Sam's skillful hands began massaging his balls and stroking his groin. Mr. Peterson started kissing his neck and caressing his ass... with all the attention blood was very quickly surging through Cory's dick and Sam encouraged that growth with licks. Even before Cory was fully hard, Sam began to suck on his dick, letting the swollen member fill his mouth and begin to grow down his throat.

The easy sexual debauchery was very new to Cory, but he found he liked it quite a lot... Mr. Peterson didn't even move away this time as he added lubricant to his fingers and began to work one into Cory's tight anus. Although Cory couldn't relax quite away, he found it a lot easier to do so... moaning with enjoyment as he was stretched open from behind while Sam worked away at his cock.

"That's right Cory," He could practically hear Mr. Peterson's smile, "Nice and easy... It all just feels good doesn't it? Sam's a good little cock sucker... he's had plenty of practice."

Another finger joined the first in Cory's backdoor, stretching him a little more. Shivering, Cory placed his hands on Sam's head as his dick disappeared down the other young man's throat. This allowed him to lean forward a little. Thoughtfully, Mr. Peterson removed his finger's from Cory's ass and went around to the front, dragging a chair over and placing it directly behind Sam so that Cory had something to hold onto and lean on.

Then he went back around Cory, and Cory leaned forward a little more, looking forward to the gentle stretch of Mr. Peterson's fingers.

Instead, his hips were both held by Mr. Peterson's hands and something larger and meatier was pressing against the ring of his anus. Cory moaned and shuddered as he realized Mr. Peterson's intent... to be fucked at the same time as he was blown? It was sexually decadent, so wrong and yet so right... pleasure that could not be denied.

Gasping, he couldn't help but clench down as the mushroom head of Mr. Peterson's cock popped into his ass, stretching him out again. It was only the day before that he'd lost his virginity after all, not much time to accustom himself to the sensation. However, it didn't hurt as much, and Mr. Peterson thoughtfully waited until Cory's ass relaxed again before pushing forward.

Taking his time, Mr. Peterson worked himself in inch by inch, pressing a little deeper every time he pulled out and thrust forward. With each thrust, Cory's dick was pressed into Sam's mouth, creating a strange sexual rhythm as his back and front were harmonized. His fingers holding tightly to the chair, Cory groaned as Mr. Peterson bottomed out, his entire shaft buried in Cory's ass for the second time that week. Only this time was even more fantastic, because instead of his dick being in Mr. Peterson's hand, it was in Sam's mouth.

All of them moaned as Mr. Peterson began steadily pumping in and out of Cory's ass, dictating movements for all three bodies. They moved in unison, the sounds of sucking and fucking filling the entire room. Cory felt like he was lost in a vortex of pleasure, everything but his body receding from his senses... it was almost as though Mr. Peterson's dick was an extension of his, thrusting forward into both Cory's ass and Sam's mouth at the same time.

They humped, getting harder and faster, his ass tightening down and squeezing Mr. Peterson pleasurably and painfully all at once. Sam's fingers massaged his balls, making his ass tighten involuntarily as his orgasm began to grow. Mr. Peterson started grunting behind him with the effort of forcing his dick past Cory's clenching muscles, the pleasure of it monumental.

Writhing between his two sources of pleasure, Cory's entire body tightened like a harp-string and then released, he groaned loudly as cum began to spurt out of him and into Sam. With his ass convulsing around Mr. Peterson, he very quickly had cum entering him from the other end, filling his ass as Mr. Peterson swelled even larger and then released. 

All three of them sighed with pleasure, almost simultaneously.

******************************

After Sam had left, without getting off, Cory turned to his teacher, "Um... Mr. Peterson? Why doesn't Sam... Um... why doesn't he ever... you know...?"

Mr. Peterson smiled, "Oh don't worry about Sam. He has his own places to get pleasure, believe me."

Cory just nodded and smiled, "Same time tomorrow?" he asked eagerly.

To his surprise Mr. Peterson looked regretful and shook his head, "Actually I have to go to a conference tomorrow Cory. But the next day after that I would be very happy to see you again."