 ***Everyone in this story is fiction and is at least 18 years old or older***

*****

As I closed the door to my classroom, my keys slipped out and fell to the floor. I bent over to pick them up. I searched for the right key, when I found it, I locked my classroom. I had just finished my final class of the day and was glad to go home after a long day. I was planning to spend my Friday night sipping on wine and reading while listening to a new Jazz vinyl I had gotten. 

While walking through the school grounds I passed by the music class. Normally the band would be practicing at this time and I would stop by and watch them practice. However, there was only one instrument being played, I took a peek and saw it was a young man playing the trumpet. I knew him very well, he was in one of my classes. 

His name was Darwin, a few students in my class named him "Teacher's pet." Darwin always helped me when I needed help, usually cleaning my classroom or helping me carry things to my car since the parking lot was far away from me. 

I stepped into the classroom and sat down at the nearest seat. He hadn't noticed me although he stood sideways to me. I admired the passion he had for the instrument, I found the trumpet to be a powerful instrument. My personal favorite instrument was the Saxophone, but the trumpet was a solid second. I sat there enjoying him play his music until he finally noticed me and stopped. 

He turned to me, "Professor, McCall." he said in his soft voice.

I lightly clapped, "I absolutely enjoyed that Darwin."

"Thank you, Professor." 

"Please Darwin, call me Damian." Darwin set the trumpet on the table. "Normally it's the entire class in here at this time, but I only found you."

"Yeah, Mr. Ramirez had to leave early so everyone decided to leave. I chose to stay."

"I'm glad you did, I really enjoyed watching you play." I smiled. 

"Thank you, prof...I mean Damian."

I looked down at my watch and saw it was 15 to 6 pm. "Alright Darwin, I have got to go."

"Alright, later Damian."

As I stepped away from him an idea spawned, I turned back, "Hey Darwin, would it be fine if you gave me a personal performance?"

Darwin smile, "Of course, Damian."

"Really?"

"Yeah, I play for friends and family all the time. I'm glad my favorite professor enjoys my music." 

"Favorite professor," I thought to myself, I had never been called that. 

"Can you stop by in an hour or so?"

"Yeah, I can."

I normally didn't have students over at my place but this was a rare occasion. I handed him my address. "Here, it will be the white house on your right."

Darwin nodded, "Thank you, I'll see you in an hour."

"No problem."

I left the classroom and walked to my car, got in and drove home. Traffic was light on my trip home, it was nice. I noticed, however, that it was cloudy. I hoped it didn't rain. 

When I got home I put my things away in my office and showered. 

A little about myself, I'm a 38-year-old family law professor. I'm tall and thin, 6'0 and 150 pounds to be exact. I was an active person, I enjoyed running, hiking, and going to the gym. I was currently single, I hadn't dated in a while and honestly didn't want to. 

After I showered, I got dressed. I wore a black t-shirt with blue jeans. I then went to the kitchen with the plan to warm up some food, but then decided I would order a pizza when Darwin arrived. Instead, I grabbed me a bottle of wine and headed to the living room. 

My living room was rather spacious, the walls were made of wood with a window next to the door. I had a couch in front of the tv with a coffee table in between. I had two recliner chairs, one near the couch and the other next to my record player. 

When I set the bottle and glasses on the coffee table I heard the doorbell. "Someone is early," I said to myself. 

I walked to the door and opened it, outside stood Darwin with a smile across his face. He wore a blue checkered long sleeve shirt, with beige khaki pants. 

"Come on in," I moved to the side. He entered my home and moved into the living room. 

"Wow, this is a nice house," he commented. 

"Thank you, would you like something to drink?"

"Water would be fine."

"Alright, make yourself at home," I said to him. I went to the kitchen and returned with a glass of water, which I set on the coffee table. I then sat down on the couch next to him. 

"How was your drive home, Damian?"

"Oh little traffic, how about you?"

"The same."

"I was going to order pizza for us, is that fine?"

"Yeah, that's fine. Thank you."

I smiled at him, "You don't have to thank me for everything."

He laughed, "I'm sorry. I get told all the time that I say "Thank you" too much."

I ordered the pizza while Darwin was getting ready for my performance. When I was done, I poured me a glass of wine. "Darwin, do you drink wine?"

"Uh, never tried it."

"Would you like to?"

"Sure,"

I poured him a cup and handed it to him, I explained to him the proper wine drinking process. He did as I instructed and a few seconds later, "this is good."

"Glad you liked it, it's one of my favorites." 

I saw back down on the couch and sipped on my bottle of wine. Darwin turned to me, "This is one of my favorites to play." 

He began to play, it was a satisfying experience. A trumpet playing in my own home, an instrument I admired being played by a student I enjoyed to be around. I never bothered to learn an instrument, never had the patience for it. 

Darwin played a few songs before the pizza came by. He stopped and I walked to the door, paid for the pizza and returned. When I was at the door, I noticed it was sprinkling. I came back in, set the pizza on the coffee table and went to the kitchen to grab some plates and paper towels. 

He took a break and we ate, we discussed music. I had told him about my favorite Jazz singers. He told me his favorites, we actually had a lot of in common when it came to music. 

When we were done eating the rain had picked up, we both looked out the window watching the rain. After a few seconds, he stood, "I got a good one for this. One I love to play during the rain."

He began to play the song, it was a softer one. One that did match the rain, I enjoyed it a lot. He played really well, I knew in a couple years he would be famous. 

Darwin played two more songs after the rain song before he told me he was done. 

I clapped, "You were amazing. Thank you for playing for me."

"Any time Damian. Thank you for having me."

As Damian was putting his trumpet away in the case, I turned to the window. I saw that the rain had gotten worse, it wouldn't be safe to drive in this rain. 

"Darwin, why don't you stick around for a while. Let the rain lighten up?"

He looked out the window and saw what I was talking about, "Alright, I can stick around a little longer." 

He turned to the coffee table and picked up the glass of wine I had poured for him. He still had a little left, "I don't drink alcohol that often."

"It's good sometimes after a rough day."

Darwin looked around and stopped after something caught his eye. He walked past the couch and headed to my record player. He began looking through the vinyl, I got up and walked towards him.

"I have put in a lot of work into that record collection"

"This is an amazing collection you have here."

He stopped at one album, "May I?"

I nodded. 

He set the glass of wine on the table next to the player, he pulled out the album and put it on the record player. He turned it on and gently placed the needle on it. The music began to play shortly after. The first track of the album, So What, began to play. 

"Kind of Blue by Miles Davis is one of my favorite albums."

"It is an amazing album."

We stood there for a few minutes enjoying the song. Darwin began to sway and moved back a bit, causing his elbow to hit the glass and tipped it over onto the rug. "Shit," he said, "I'm so sorry."

I grabbed the paper towels and used them to soak up the wine. My rug was a lighter brown, it was probably going to stain.

"I am so sorry Mr. McCall," he said in a panicked voice.

"It's fine, it was an accident. Don't worry about it."

"I'll pay for it to be cleaned." he offered. 

"No, no need to. I never really liked the rug." I was telling the truth, I never bothered to change it because I honestly kept forgetting to do it. I grabbed the glass and put it in the sink, then grabbed a new one. I poured him a new cup of wine then handed it to him.

"Oh, I wasted your wine."

"It's fine, accidents happen. Just enjoy."

He took a long sip. I guessed he felt really bad, which I didn't want him to. I wasn't mad, it was an accident. 

I placed my hand on his shoulder, "Relax buddy, it was an accident."

He nodded, "Yeah." he took another sip, this time a short one. "Did you know that some of the students in your class find you're extremely attractive?"

"That's quite a segue. And really? I'm old now."

"Late 30s, isn't old. You look good."

"Thanks, I try to stay fit."

He leaned in, "I know I shouldn't be telling you this and it might be the alcohol, but one of your students wrote an erotic story about you."

"What?" 

"Yeah, from what I heard it was good."

"Oh really?"

"Yeah, I mean you are hot."

I stepped back, did he just said I was hot? I remained silent, not saying anything at first, I was trying to process the situation. 

He smiled, "Come on, Damian. Don't you ever notice the way the girls look at you when you wear shorts at the park events?"

"To be honest, no."

He looked down into his glass, "I have a confession,"

I said nothing. 

He began to speak slowly, he was nervous, "I have a crush on you."

It all made sense now, why he enjoyed helping me around. He was attracted to me and I was too dumb to realize it. This was new, I had never had a guy tell me he was attracted to me. 

"I don't know what to say,"

"Don't say anything, instead relax," he said to me in a soothing voice. He put his glass on the table, then placed his left hand on my chest. I didn't do anything as his hand moved across my chest then moved lower to my stomach. 

"I've fantasized about this many times."

I pushed his hand away, "Look, I don't think I can let this happen. I'm your teacher."

He lifted my shirt slightly and placed his hand on my abs and rubbed them gently. "We're both adults Damian."

"Darwin, you need to..." at that moment his hand reached down to my crotch. He smiled, "It seems your erection says something else."

I hadn't noticed my erection, he began rubbing it, making me harder. I had never been attracted to guys, I dated and had sex with women. But for some reason, my penis got erect by his gentle touch. 

Freddie Freeloader began to play on the record player. 

He got on his knees, part of me wanted to shove him off but the other part wanted me to let it happened. He unbuckled my pants and pulled them down to my knees, revealing my erection under my black briefs. 

My erection jerked when he ran his tongue along my shaft through the fabric. I felt his lips press against the head of the penis. He sucked on it for a few seconds. I was fully hard, I was at the point of no return. I had to let it happen, I knew if I stopped this right now it would haunt me. 

He unbuttoned his shirt and removed it, he wore a white undershirt. His fingers slipped under my waistband and pulled down my briefs just enough for my dick to spring out. He pulled the waistband under my balls, my 7-inch uncut dick stood before him inches from his face. His left hand wrapped around my girthy member and began to lightly stroke it. 

Darwin and I made eye contact and we maintained that contact as he placed my member into his mouth. I felt his warm lips once again on my head, but this time no fabric between them. It was warm. He looked forward as he took me further into his mouth, he stopped when I was fully in. I felt his nose pressing against my skin. He then slowly pulled out, letting his mouth lather up every inch of me. 

He gasped for air, "You like that?"

I nodded.

He took my member back into his warm mouth, lightly sucking. I felt his hands on my thighs, they began to slowly move up. He reached my underwear covered ass and began to caress my asscheeks. 

I'm not going to lie, I really enjoyed every minute of this. Darwin began to suck at a faster speed, bobbing his head up and down. All while his hands clamped on my ass. 

After a few minutes, he stopped and used his right hand to lightly jerk my saliva covered dick. He held his left hand on my left asscheek. He looked at me while I took a sip of my wine, "I love your dick."

"Thanks, I guess." I laughed.

He smiled and took my dick back into his mouth, he rotated his hand around my dick while he sucked on my tip. This combination was a quite satisfying, enough to make me cum. I honestly didn't want him to stop.

I tilted my head back and closed my eyes, the pleasure was too much. "Fuck," I whispered, "I'm going to cum."

This, however, didn't slow him down, he continued to suck on my head while his hand rotated up and down my shaft. I began to moan as he continued, I still kept my eyes closed with my head tilted back. I was going to erupt soon, "let me pull out." 

But he didn't let me. I jerked as I felt my balls contract and my shaft filled with cum, I shot into his mouth, pumping loads into his mouth. My body shook as I emptied my balls into his mouth. 

He continued to lightly stroke my dick, squeezing it at the tip to pull out my cum. When we were both satisfied, he swallowed my load. 

I spoke out of breath, "I've never had a blowjob like that before, let alone have someone swallow my load."

"Thank you, I love swallowing heavy loads like yours." Darwin smiled, "You dick is as I always pictured it. Nice and long, with some nice girth to it."

"I also never had anyone admire my dick like that." I joked. 

"You're a man to be admired, Damian."

I looked past his face, to his crotch. Seeing the long member being compressed by his khakis. "Um, you can take it out if you want to jerk off or something."

"Want me to suck you again?" 

I looked down at my deflating dick, I wasn't sure if I could take another good blowjob like that. 

"To be honest, I don't think I can take another one like that. It was really good."

"That's disappointing," he frowned. 

This was a completely new experience for me, I had never had a guy suck my dick before. Damian stood before me rubbing his erection before me. I sat in the reclining chair that was behind me. I wasn't sure why I was about to do this, but like the blowjob I let it happen. 

I grabbed him by the waist and brought him closer to me, "I've never done this before, you may need to guide me." I said to him.

"Damian, you don't have to do this if you don't want to."

"Fuck it," I said. Blue in Green began to play. I unbuckled his khakis, opened them and pulled down to his knees. He wore white briefs, but low cut. The tip of his erection was sticking out of the waistband. I slipped my fingers under the waistband and pulled down his underwear down to his knees as well. I think he was longer than me, 7 inches in a half, maybe 8. I slid my pants down to my ankles, my erection was already gone, so I pulled my briefs back up. I placed my hands on his sides and took his member into my mouth, I went in slow. 

The taste was strange, I smelled the soap on his skin. He must have showered before coming here. I only made it halfway before I started feeling my gag reflexes. I coughed. 

"Sorry," I said.

"Take it slow, little by little. Only suck on what you can, breathe through your nose."

I nodded and did what he suggested. I took in about 3 inches into my mouth, knowing that going any further would make me gag. I lightly sucked on his member for a few seconds before taking it out and stroking it. This was honestly hard for me, but I kept going.

Little by little I moved his dick deeper in my mouth, breathing through my nose like he told me to, this helped with the gagging. I felt his hand on my head as I sucked him, he was enjoying it. I probably wasn't as good as him but at least he was enjoying it.

I decided to challenge myself and sped up, I could hear the moans coming from Darwin as I did. He liked it a lot. I felt his free hand move my right hand over his melon shaped asscheek, I moved my left hand over his asscheeks as well. I gave them a few squeezes, he had a nice firm ass, I think people called this a bubble butt. I massaged his asscheeks as I sucked on his member. 

As the 5-minute song ended, so did this. He pulled out his dick, "Sorry, I don't think I should cum in your mouth."

"You were going to cum?" I said leaning back in my chair. Listening to the opening beat of "All Blues." 

"Yeah, it's already enough that you let me suck you, but letting you suck me and cum in your mouth might be too much."

I grabbed my glass of wine taking a sip. "It must not taste that bad if you enjoy it."

"True, but it's not your thing," he said as he pulled up his underwear and tucked his erection away.

"Hey, I know how it feels to have blue balls. Come on, just finish in my mouth."

He smiled once more, "Well, aren't you full of surprises?" 

"It might be the wine talking."

Darwin pulled out his member, which was still hard. I leaned in and took the beast into my mouth, sucking it at the speed I was at earlier. My hands reached around his underwear covered ass and caressed it. As I progressed, his moans grew louder and louder, but not enough to drown out the music. 

Within a few moments, I felt him jerk and then felt the warm fluid splat against the back of my throat. I kept his member in my mouth as his warm load filled my mouth when he was done. I pulled out and looked up at him, then swallowed the gooey substance. 

He smiled down at me, his right hand lightly jerking his erection. He squeezed out a drop of cum onto his finger, he then put that finger in his mouth, sucking on it. "That was great. Not bad for your first time."

"Thanks," I grabbed the wine and took a big gulp washing away the taste. 

He kicked off his khakis then sat on my lap, his left arm reaching around my neck. "Can I have more?" His right hand rubbed my crotch.

"Another blowjob?" 

"How about something else?"

"Like what?" I answered nervously.

He kissed me on the lips with his left hand running down my back. He then got off me and began kissing my chest, moving down to my abdomen. I looked past him and saw my curtains were open. I didn't really worry about that though, I was on a hill unless someone came up to my door, we were fine. Plus my couch was taller than the chair I was on if anyone came by they wouldn't really see anything. The heavy rain would hopefully steer people away. 

Darwin's hands moved under my shirt, feeling my skin. He then stopped and pulled up my shirt, he wanted to pull it off. So I let him. He kissed my chest again and began moving down. I felt his tongue stop at my nipples, he lightly sucked on each them before continuing his trek down. He licked my abs, slowly moving down.

I was fully aroused by his actions. When he reached my crotch he began rubbing his face across it, he pulled down the waistband. My erection sprung out once more for a second round, enough time had passed. He sucked on my dick for a few seconds, while his hands removed my pants completely, leaving me only in my underwear. He reached for his pants and pulled out a bottle of lube and condoms. 

Was he planning this? I thought to myself. Or was it coincidence

To be honest, I didn't want to complain, this was great. I heard the slurp from his mouth as he sucked on my dick. He then stopped, stood up and removed his undershirt, tossing it on the ground next to my shirt. I saw his thin tan body standing before me. 
