 Disclaimer: All characters are entirely fictitious. The events described here never happened. Please, do not read if you are under 18 or are offended by explicitly sexual material.

Andrew woke up with a start. No! No! It could not have happened, his conscious mind told him. He did not just get fucked by another man. But even as his thoughts sought to deny it, he felt a stab of pain in his ass and knew it was true. He threw the covers aside and stared at the huge wet spot beneath his ass. His incomprehension lasted only seconds and then he became aware of the slow dribble oozing from his asshole – he was lying in a pool of Thomas's cum, cum that had originally been dumped deep in him. My god it looked like there was a gallon of it on the bed. And all of that had been in his ass, deep in his ass, only a few hours before. With a shock, Andrew felt his own cock stir at the thought. 

"NO! NO! NO! I cannot possibly like this ... I am the one who fucks, I am the one who pumps women full of cum..." he tried to reason, to almost plead with himself.

But even as he thought these desperate thoughts, his hand, with a mind of its own, crept to the opening of his ass and began exploring it. Where only a day ago a tight bud had been, he felt something completely alien. It felt like a ring of swollen flesh gaping wide open in the middle. He leapt out of bed to get to the huge mirror in the bathroom and almost fell on the floor with a groan. Only in this sudden movement the true soreness in his ass hit him. It felt like it had been ripped apart (which, something it Andrew's subconscious mind told him, it had been... three times over). Limping and stumbling, his every step made difficult by that alien thing between his legs, he finally got to the bathroom and carefully sat on the floor in front of the floor-to-ceiling mirror. He was afraid to look, but look he did. 

There, in front of him, was the final, incontrovertible proof. There, between his legs was his new asshole – tight or virgin no longer – and seeing it was a dramatic shock to Andrew. It looked like it had tiny lips and as he spread his legs slightly wider, wider it gaped too. Tentatively, he pushed one finger in and didn't feel almost anything – it went in easily. He added a second finger and then a third. Only then, with three fingers in, he felt the slight discomfort of the intrusion. 

Suddenly, almost in a flash he saw himself as he was. Half-laying on his back on the floor, legs widely spread, the shapely ass of a former stud now sporting a ruthlessly deflowered gaping asshole. But not only that – his own cock now stood in a massive, painful erection at the sight. 

Just then, his phone rang. Struggling to calm down, he grabbed the receiver off the wall of the bathroom and as normally as possible breathed in it "Hello."

"Up already bitch?!" Thomas' deep voice flooded his mind. "How does the new cunt feel? Bit overused I bet."

Even as he recoiled from the voice, his own cock grew harder at its sound. "Wh... Wh-at do you want?" Andrew stammered.

"Forgot about something last night," Thomas said, matter-of-factly. "I'll just come over for a minute."

"I-I have to go," Andrew said, trying to get up from the floor in a panic, "can't meet you right now"

"I'm downstairs bitch," Thomas insisted, "Coming for just a few minutes... You don't have a roommate do you?"

"Nno," Andrew said, "Single dorm room."

"Good"

Andrew got up and barely managed to put on a robe when Thomas pounded on his door. His mind going numb, he opened the door to a widely smiling Thomas.

Thomas pushed him in and closed the door.

"No, no get that thing off," he commanded and pulled the robe from Andrew. Andrew's cock, semi-hard, hung heavily between his legs.

"What do you want?" he finally managed.

"I'll get to that in a sec but I want you to walk for me first... Yeah, turn around and walk for me..."

In near-shock Andrew turned around and walked to his bed.

"Oh, yeah bitch!!," Thomas moaned in delight, growing hard almost instantly. "You walk differently now... Hell, I could tell you've been fucked from a mile away. Who could have guessed how well Andrew the stud can swing that ass."

"What do you want?" Andrew almost whispered, his back still to Thomas.

"You can't guess? I'm surprised at you!! I did mean to fuck you a new pussy back there and I did that all right. But in all the excitement, I guess I forgot you have one more cherry for picking." With that, he unzipped his jeans and they fell to the floor, exposing his fully erect black monolith.

Seeing the changes he had begun to make in the boy already working, seeing the proud gait transformed into a tentative one with the boy's narrow hips swaying as if begging for more fucking had given him a terrible hardon.

Andrew recoiled in horror at what Thomas wanted him to do. But deep inside him he glimpsed the beast that had taken over him last night. The beast that had screamed and moaned at each ass-splitting thrust of the huge cock, the beast that had exploded in a mindless orgasm from the feeling of thick hot cum being dumped in him. And as he turned around to face Thomas, that beast had taken over at least one part of his body already. His 11-inch cock stood up at full mast even as his eyes, his now sober eyes, fell for the second time only on the cock that had ripped his virginity from him.

The sight of the impossible cock transfixed him again and, as if in recognition of the black stud's male superiority, his knees buckled and he knelt on the floor. And the beast took over and he did not even notice how he opened his mouth and accepted the cock that was shoved in him, surrendering to Thomas the last untouched part of himself.

In the meantime, Sara walked down the hallway to Andrew's room, talking to her best friend, Andrea.

"I'm telling you Andrea, he should be up by now – I'll only go in and fetch him and then we'll go to lunch together."

Sara was proud to begin introducing Andrew as her boyfriend. She knew of his reputation and she knew how jealous other girls would be to find out that Andrew was now going with her. She knocked on the door of his dorm room and the door slid open. 

"Oooh how naughty!!" Andrea giggled, excited by the thought of catching the young stallion in any sort of undress. She had heard of him and had had his cock described to her by two independent sources, which had made her extremely anxious to meet him. Even if he was Sara's boyfriend, for now.

They stepped into the hallway inside. Andrew's room was a little down the hallway on the left. But even as they entered they stood on the threshold of the apartment, for the sounds that came from the room indicated some major activity. Sara could not believe her ears but it sounded as gagging and coughing, intermingled with moans. She could not believe it! Andrew was getting sucked by another girl. Her jealousy suddenly boiled over and, with a firm step, she walked to Andrew's room and turned the corner. 

The sight in front of her eyes was incomprehensible for a moment or two. And then, as Andrea got her own first glimpse of it and gasped, she finally understood what she was seeing.

Andrew was there, alright. But kneeling on the floor in front of a much older black man. Her eyes registered Andrew's raging hardon as a familiar sight and then traveled up, to where her boyfriend's face was – there was no other word for it – impaled on the black man's inhumanly huge cock. Andrew's features were hardly recognizable, his distended jaws an almost grotesque sight, his normally full lips stretched thinly around the girth of the cock. And despite his obvious effort, less than half the black cock was down his throat. Andrew was desperately gagging, his eyes closed, tears streaming down his cheeks. 

The boy did not see the newcomers, but Thomas did. He instantly recognized Sara, Bettina's daughter, a girl he had been wanting to fuck for a long time. And now, there she was, witnessing Andrew's first ever blowjob, witnessing the last scraps of her boyfriend's manliness fucked out of him. Here he was using her precious little boyfriend like the slut he was, showing her and him, at the same time, who the real man was. His excitement boiled over and with a loud moan he started cumming in Andrew's throat. The boy gagged again, streams of cum erupting from the corners of his mouth and leaking down his face, dripping on his chest and his own cock. Still at the peak of his orgasm, Thomas pulled out and rope after rope of thick white cum splattered Andrew's face and mouth, covering him in a glistening pearly white film of Thomas' sperm, making him utterly unrecognizable.

And, while both girls, moth agape, registered Andrew on the floor, covered with cum, they were both staring at the monster cock, now dripping its last droplets of cum. They had both clenched their thighs instinctively as Thomas extracted the spewing cock from Andrew's throat and its dimensions finally became apparent. In his kneeling position, Andrew was slightly lower than Thomas' crotch, the base of the black cock several inches above the top of his head. And yet, the monstrous organ hung way past his face, down to his chest. As if to emphasize this point, Thomas reached down and wiped the tip of it on Andrew's left nipple.

"Good to see you here, Sara," Thomas spoke a smirk on his face. "And your friend is welcome too," he smiled at Andrea.

Andrew registered this and his eyes flew open. He clearly recognized Sara despite the stinging of Thomas' cum in his eyes. And he almost fainted. 

"No.. No," was all his horrified mind could produce. 

"Oh, yes, bitch," Thomas said to him. "She saw you too. Saw how you get off on sucking cocks."

"Nnnoo.. I don't," Andrew stammered.

"Wanna see what else this bitch gets off on?" Thomas asked pointedly, his cock beginning to grow again at the perversity of what he was about to do.

Neither Sara nor Andrea could produce a sound. 

Thomas picked Andrew up from his kneeling position and threw him on the bed, belly down, facing the two girls. Then he climbed behind him, his monstrous erection already steel-hard.

"No, not like this!" Andrew screamed, too horrified to believe what was happening. "Not in front of her!"

"Like this, bitch! Exactly like this.... Now spread those legs for me," Thomas growled, his mind white-hot with lust.

Andrew struggled faintly, but it was an unequal fight. What remained forever branded on Sara's memory was Andrew's face as Thomas sank his inhuman phallus into her boyfriend's ass. Andrew's eyes bulged out and his mouth opened, as if for a scream, but no scream came from it... veins stood out like cords on his face and neck and even under the layer of cum covering his face, she could see his skin glow dark red. What she saw was impossible she tried telling herself.... She had seen Andrew's naked ass before... and the black man's pelvis utterly dwarfed it. When she looked up and saw Thomas' flat belly pressed firmly against Andrew's asscheeks and realized that his entire cock was now deep inside Andrew's boyish ass, she gasped. That was when she realized how soakingly wet her panties were.

Thomas pulled Andrew on all fours and began mercilessly fucking him. But suddenly he was dissatisfied. With an abrupt movement, he lifted Andrew from the bed, his cock still buried in the boys' ass. 

"I want them to see it well, bitch," he hissed. "I want them to see every inch going into your cunt."

With that he lay on his back and pushed Andrew to a sitting position above him, facing the two girls. 

"Spread the legs wider, let them look at you!"

Sara and Andrea looked transfixed as Andrew straddled Thomas, exposing his asshole to them for the first time. Both of them gasped. Andrea had seen herself get fucked in a mirror once and she could see almost no difference between how her stuffed pussy had looked then and how Andrew's ass looked now. For their benefit, Thomas lifted Andrew up, extracting the monster cock completely from his ass, giving them a full view of the raw, gaping hole between the former stud's legs. And then in a single savage stab he sunk the entire 13.5 inches of black meat back where it belonged. At that moment, Sara experienced the first spontaneous orgasm in her life. 

The repeated thrusts of the black cock between Andrew's milk-white thighs loosened his ass more and more. His asslips clung to the inhuman girth of the black cock, feeling every inch as it was being plunged in, but especially as it was extracted. And Thomas had gone insane... his thrusts became more savage, his huge black paws lifting Andrew up and pushing him down on his cock like a rag doll.

Andrew had gone limp from the humiliation of Sara witnessing what this man was doing to him. But as he stole glances at her and saw her obvious excitement at the sight, something broke in him. Now he sought her gaze and when he found it, he began to willingly screw himself down on the black cock. Up and down, up and down... In his confused mind it was as if Sara was fucking him and he held her gaze as he violently fucked himself against Thomas' crazed thrusts. If he had damaged and loosened his ass the night before, it was nothing to what was happening now. Down he screwed himself on the inhuman cock, up thrust Thomas from below, in addition to pulling him down by his waist. Andrew's ass had finally acquired the quality of a pussy... He felt completely loose, free of any pain, able to concentrate entirely on the feeling of being repeatedly filled and emptied by the huge cock. And something else happened too... His throaty almost masculine moans gave way to girlish whimpers and little screams... Whimper when Thomas pulled his deflowering cock out.... Scream when he thrust it back in.

Thomas felt this latest transformation and his crazed mind went into overdrive. He had not only devirginized the stud... He had also transformed him beyond recognition. He was sure that Andrew will get up from this latest fuck as a rather effeminate fuckhole, complete with the swishy gait, the little screams and, above all, the insatiable appetite for more cock. One final time he thrust and his powerful cock exploded in the most intense orgasm he had had in years. 

Feeling the sudden overwhelming flood of thick cum in his ass, Andrew wailed and screamed and came as well, came from the feeling of thick warm liquid filling his hugely gaping fuckhole. 

Sara reached another orgasm at the sight of Thomas' cum gushing out, around the spasming black cock, deeply imbedded into Andrew's ass.

"Well," Andrea smirked, "thanks for the introduction. I really enjoyed meeting your boyfriend." With that she left the room giggling quietly to herself.

But Sara stood rooted to the spot, unable to move. And when Thomas lifted Andrew, who was in a daze, and pushed him aside on the bed and came to her, she knew what was about to happen. Her thighs still clenched in instinctive terror, but she knew she could not resist this man.

Minutes later, completely naked, she lay on the bed beside Andrew, spreading her legs as wide as they would go, her head almost level with Andrew's ass. And the last thing she remembered coherently before Thomas began his descent into her still inexperienced pussy, was the sight of Andrew's asshole from up close – hanging loosely open and oozing thick cum on the bed. Then, as the first of many orgasms took her, she lost coherence and memory of everything else.

Let me know if you wish me to continue this.