 Cory waddled to the desk, the uncomfortable feeling of Mr. Peterson's fingers up his ass making it a strange walk. He felt very unsure of himself, this whole afternoon had been one of surprises. Although he'd really enjoyed his first blow job, especially with the revenge factor of it being from Sam, nothing had been happening the way he'd expected. Now, he didn't know what was going to happen.

"Bend over," Mr. Peterson's voice was excited in his ear, making his own groin tingle again with anticipation. Obediently he bent over the desk, feeling Mr. Peterson's fingers sliding from his ass. With a sigh of relief, Cory was able to relax - although his ass did feel a little strange because it had become so adjusted to having the fingers in it.

Behind him he could hear Mr. Peterson opening something up, a slippery wet sound, and then Mr. Peterson was standing behind him; with one hand on Cory's back, something wet and hard nudged at Cory's anus.

As Mr. Peterson began to push his swollen member against the tight ring of Cory's virgin ass, Cory couldn't help but tense up, afraid of the large piece of meat that was about to invade his tightest hole. 

"Just relax Cory," Mr. Peterson crooned, the head of his dick popping into the tight ring, "It'll make it easier if you just relax..."

Cory groaned as his ass stretched, accepting the wide mushroom head of Mr. Peterson's cock. It hurt a little, but because he was already somewhat prepared by the finger fucking, it wasn't nearly as painful as he would have thought it was. Then Mr. Peterson pressed deeper and Cory groaned again. 

It was the strangest sensation as Mr. Peterson pressed more and more of his dick into Cory's hot tightness; a stretching and also a pushing. His ass rippled around the hard cock, trying to get used to the sensation, and at the same time trying to push it out. Panting and groaning, he didn't even try to fight it, just stayed bent over the desk, accepting it. It never even occurred to Cory to try and resist.

His hands clutched at the sides of the desk, his insides cramping as Mr. Peterson suddenly lunged forward and buried the final inches of his dick in Cory's body. Cory groaned and writhed a little, his ass cheeks grinding against Mr. Peterson's groin as he tried to adjust. Both of them moaned as Cory's movements stirred his insides, his ass clenching against the invading dick. Mr. Peterson held himself quite still, just enjoying the sensations of Cory's hot ass, the tightness, the muscle spasms. 

Reaching around to Cory's front, he began to play with Cory's dick and balls, caressing them gently and teasing with his fingers. To Cory's surprise, it barely took any toying before he was growing hard again; it seemed strange with the slightly painful discomfort in his ass, but he was very easily aroused. As Mr. Peterson's hand closed around Cory's hardened shaft, he began to pull his dick from Cory's ass. It was just as strange a sensation as when he'd burrowed in... and as Mr. Peterson's hand began to slide back down Cory's shaft, he pushed back in.

Cory moaned at the double assault on his senses, the strange pleasures that Mr. Peterson was introducing to his body. Mr. Peterson fisted Cory's dick in time to his thrusts, masturbating Cory as he fucked him from behind... it was incredibly confusing to the younger man. Panting and moaning, his hands spasmed on the desk as he began pushing back against Mr. Peterson's thrusts, wanting to feel himself opened up, wanting to feel Mr. Peterson's cock buried inside him. In some ways, he even wanted it to hurt.

Mr. Peterson could feel Cory's acceptance, feel his desires growing, and the older man started fucking him harder, pumping more brutally in and out of his ass. Responding with pleasure, Cory thrust his hips backwards every time Mr. Peterson thrust forward, slamming his ass against Mr. Peterson's groin. It felt incredible, the slick gliding of Mr. Peterson's cock in and out of his ass... it was feeling very good. Very erotic.

And every time it seemed to push against something inside Cory's body that made his balls jump, every thrust touched something that made him want to cum immediately.

"Oh God..." he moaned, "Oh Mr. Peterson... I think I'm going to cum... Oh God..."

"Cum," Mr. Peterson's thrusts became harder, his breathing more ragged, and his grip on Cory's dick even firmer as he masturbated him, pushing into him from behind, "Cum for me Cory..."

Cory's dick began to pulse in Mr. Peterson's hand, white cum spraying onto the side of his desk as Cory came; Mr. Peterson kept masturbating him, hard until Cory was completely spent and collapsed forward onto the desk. Letting go of his softening dick, Mr. Peterson was able to concentrate on his own pleasures, taking a grip on Cory's hips and fucking him at a bruising pace.

All Cory could do was take it and moan, although his orgasm was over, he was still enjoying the way it felt as Mr. Peterson fucked his ass roughly. It went so deep inside him, and stretched him in such pleasurable ways... he cried out as Mr. Peterson lunged with a particularly brutal thrust, spearing Cory's ass with his dick. 

Mr. Peterson's groin was flat against Cory's spread ass cheeks, his dick deep in Cory's ass, his hands gripping the younger man's hips tightly. Cory moaned... he could actually feel Mr. Peterson's dick swelling even more inside of him, a pulse against the tight ring of his ass with every spurt of cum that Mr. Peterson send shooting into him. It was as though Mr. Peterson was a rigid statue behind him, the only movement was the pulsing of his dick, filling Cory's deflowered ass with sticky cum.

Finally, Mr. Peterson moaned and relaxed, his hands loosening on Cory's hips. When he pulled out, Cory just stayed there for a few moments, his eyes slightly glazed with the sensations of the experience.

Carefully Mr. Peterson helped him stand and get dressed. Cory could feel cum sliding down the top of his thigh.

Kissing him gently, Mr. Peterson said, "I'll see you tomorrow afternoon?"

Cory nodded and Mr. Peterson smiled.