 Cory received quite a surprise the afternoon that Mr. Peterson asked him to come to his office after school. He was anxious, a little excited, hoping that this time Mr. Peterson would suck his dick and he'd get to suck his teacher's dick again. Instead, when he opened the door of the office, he didn't see anyone immediately but he heard a wet sound and heavy breathing. Carefully closing the door, he stepped forward until he was able to see the entire room.

His gasp alerted Mr. Peterson who looked up and saw Cory standing there, he smiled, "Sit down Cory." and gestured to the chair.

Stumbling, unable to take his eyes of the sight of another young man sucking on the teacher's dick, Cory fell into the chair completely flabbergasted. It wasn't just any other young man sucking Mr. Peterson's cock, it was Sam, the worst of the boys who bullied him at the school. He was fascinated by seeing this intimidating male sucking so eagerly on Mr. Peterson's dick, his own began to swell as he watched the intimate act. Sam obviously knew he was there, and his cheeks were flushed red with embarrassment, but he kept sliding Mr. Peterson's dick down his throat as the teacher moaned thrust forward.

Cory could actually see Sam's throat working when Mr. Peterson held himself inside Sam's mouth, obviously cumming. Wondering if he looked like that when he swallowed Mr. Peterson's cum, Cory rubbed the bulge in his pants that had grown quite large. 

Mr. Peterson pulled out of Sam's mouth, but kept his hand on top of the young man's head to keep him kneeling, "Come here Cory."

Hesitantly, Cory walked over as Sam's eyes widened, his blush deepening. Cory was more innocent, he didn't know what was about to happen.

When he got to the pair, Mr. Peterson unzipped Cory's pants and let them drop to the ground, smiling as Cory's dick bobbled in front of Sam's face. Cory blushed at being so exposed in front of his bully.

"Well, what a nice cock Cory has," Mr. Peterson fisted it as Cory moaned, his hips jumping forward at the touch, "Don't you think that Cory has a nice cock Sam?"

Sam nodded, looking almost transfixed at Cory's dick as Mr. Peterson masturbated it.

"Would you like to suck on Cory's cock?" Mr. Peterson's voice was low, almost gentle, mesmerizing. Sam hesitated, Cory was completely astounded as his bully leaned forward, opening his lips to receive his victim's cock.

It was soft... wet... a warm envelope that slid down his dick, taking inch by inch... Sam's tongue tickling the underside. The most fantastic feeling ever. Cory put his hands on top of Sam's head to steady himself, wanting to thrust forward and feel more... Sam's gentle glide down Cory's shaft continued until the whole length of it was buried in Sam's throat.

Cory thought he was in heaven, not only was getting head the most fantastic sensation he'd ever felt, but his first time was from the guy who'd been bullying him all year! Karmic vengeance with a kick! Sam slid up and down his dick, as Cory moaned with pleasure, becoming more and more eager as he sucked Cory's cock.

Because he was lost in sensation, Cory wasn't paying any attention at all to Mr. Peterson who was watching them both with eager eyes, his own dick already starting to swell again. Going to the desk drawer, he pulled out a bottle of lube and coated two of his fingers with it. Returning to the pair, he stood watching for a minute or two, examining both of them and enjoying the ecstatic expression on Cory's face.

Then he stood behind Cory, his finger's caressing the younger man's ass.

Cory was barely aware of anything but the mouth traveling up and down his dick, until a wet, slimy, but firm finger began to push into his asshole. He gasped and thrust forward into Sam's throat, trying to get away from the questing finger.

"It's alright Cory," Mr. Peterson murmured, pressing into him from behind, "Just let it happen..."

Moaning, Cory's asshole ached a little as Mr. Peterson's finger twisted inside it, stretching it open for the first time. But the pleasure that Sam was creating was more than pleasurable enough to distract him from any discomfort his teacher was causing. Mr. Peterson's finger pressed forward every time Cory pulled back, creating the strange sensation of something entering him every time he pulled out of Sam's mouth. Strange and yet strangely pleasurable. It didn't take long for Cory to adjust... and then Mr. Peterson was pushing in another finger.

Cory could feel his teacher's fingers deep inside him, stretching his ass open. Mr. Peterson was pressed against him behind, breathing heavily, fisting his own dick which was swollen and ready again. It took Cory even less time to get used to two fingers invading his ass, and as soon as he was it stopped being a distraction to the amazing blow job he was getting.

With two fingers in his ass, Cory thrust in and out of Sam's mouth, his grip on the other boy's hair getting tighter as his balls boiled. Mr. Peterson's fingers shoved deep in his ass as he held Sam's mouth against his groin, crying out with amazed pleasure as spurt after spurt of his cum traveled straight down Sam's throat.

Sam kept sucking until Cory was completely finished, almost sagging except that there were two fingers in his ass holding him up. Now that he had cum, Cory was very aware of the strange feeling of something invading his ass. 

"Thank you very much Sam," Mr. Peterson smiled, "You can leave now..."

Quickly Sam stood and practically ran from the room, but not before Cory saw the huge bulge in the front of his pants. Sam had been more than a willing participant, he'd been turned on by everything.

"Let's go over to my desk, Cory," Mr. Peterson practically crooned. Cory felt very strange walking over to the desk with Mr. Peterson's fingers still wiggling inside his asshole.