 ***Everyone in this story is fiction and over the age of 18.***

*****

The sounds of pouring rain woke me up. My back was stiff from sleeping in the recliner. I looked down to see Darwin was asleep next to me, his left arm wrapped around my chest with his leg wrapped around my leg, his thigh brushed against my bulge. I turned my head right to look at the clock and saw it was 2 am. I had to pee, desperately. Moving cautiously, I moved his arm and leg off of me, trying not to wake him. When I was free, I got off the chair and stretched, then turned off the record player before walking to the restroom. 

When I finished relieving myself in the bathroom, I had noticed my briefs were stained with cum, I guess there was still some remaining and leaked out. I removed them and threw them in the hamper, then moved over to the sink to wash my face. Next, I went to my room to put on some sweats then went back out to the living room. Darwin was still asleep in his white briefs, I almost wanted to wake him but decided to let him sleep. I brewed some coffee then sat at the table with my laptop and decided to get some grading done. 

About an hour later, Darwin woke up. He saw me sitting at the table shirtless in front of the laptop. I made eye contact with him, he then got off the chair. 

"There is coffee" I mumbled. 

"Thanks, but I think I should leave," he said. 

"Oh?" I said surprised. I got up and walked to him in the living room. I saw him bend over to pick up his clothes and I couldn't resist looking at his ass.

"Yeah, I have to get up about 6 hours. It was nice, honestly. I hope it will happen again." 

"Honestly, I don't know. I'll need some time."

He placed his hand on my chest, "Take all the time you need." He then leaned in and kissed me on the cheek, then left. 

After he left, I continued to grade papers until 6 am when I fell back to sleep. 

I woke up at noon on Saturday and saw it wasn't raining anymore but it was still cloudy. I jumped in the shower, while in the shower I began to think about what happened last night. "Was I gay now?" I asked myself. I shook my head and continued to shower, but as I looked down I saw that my penis was erect. No matter how many times I shook my head or tried to think about something, I kept seeing Darwin in my head, his small slim body, his lovely ass cheeks that I wanted to part with my cock. I decided to not fight it anymore and stroked my cock while I showered, remembering the hot moments with Darwin. I closed my eyes as I sped up. "Maybe it was a phase?" but the question was lost in the hot memories of last night. Then I opened my eyes when I felt my balls contract, my seed shot out and splattered over the tile shower wall. I placed my hands on my head and continued to shower. 

When I was done, I stepped out of the shower and dried myself off, my erection was semi-hard. I wasn't sure what I was anymore, I always remembered being attracted to women, but Darwin was different. I needed to see him again, hopefully, he can help me figure things out. 

It was 8 pm and I was sitting on my couch in my socks with a glass of wine. I wore blue levis with a white t-shirt. I thought about how would I text him. What would I say? I didn't want to come off as needy. I took a deep breath and simply sent a message saying "Hey." Within seconds I got a reply, "Hi, Mr. McCall."

"I told you to call me Damian."

"Sorry, what is up?"

"Was wondering if you wanted to talk?"

"About what?"

"About what happened?"

"Should I call you or do you want me to go over?" I stopped and looked out my window, if he came over I might have sex with him again. Then again, was that a bad thing? Was that what I really wanted? I was so confused, I didn't know what to do. "I don't know." 

"Hmm, I'll be right over then." 

"Okay, see you in a bit." 

I got up from my chair and walked to the kitchen, I stood over the sink. I felt nervous, "Why am I nervous?" I said out loud. I shook it off and went back to the living room. 

He had arrived 30 minutes later, he wore a grey sweatshirt, with black denim pants. He came into the house and sat on the couch. I offered him some wine, which he declined. I then sat on the other side of the couch. 

"So, what do you need to talk about?" he said softly.

I took a deep breath before answering, "Honestly, I am confused."

"What do you mean?" he moved closer to me. 

"I mean, before last night I was attracted to women and I only have sex with women."

"But?" now sitting a foot away.

"I don't know, last night was great. Then again maybe it's because I haven't had sex in a while."

Darwin placed his hand on my knee and smiled at me, "Damien, you said that last night was great, right?"

I nodded.

"Then what is the problem? I've had sex with plenty of straight people who just see it as sex and nothing else. "Sex is Sex" is what I always hear."

I took in what he said, he was right, maybe I was just overthinking this.

"I sucked your dick, though."

"Maybe you're bicurious? Come on, you had wine in you."

"I guess maybe, I mean it wasn't bad. Not sure if I would do it again."

"I don't expect you to, I get pleasure from pleasuring you." 

I leaned back on the couch, "So how does this work?"

"Whichever way you like."

"So I can call you over for a blowjob?"

He nodded. 

"I can turn you over, bend you over the coffee table and fuck your brains out?"

"We can do anything you want." This felt like something out of a porn movie. And maybe it was or maybe I was overthinking it. Maybe I should just enjoy the situation. 

I leaned forward and placed my glass on the coffee table, "I have a confession, I jerked off in the shower today, thinking about your body."

Darwin's hand moved up my thigh, "I have a confession too."

I turned my head, "Yeah?"

"I sucked your dick while you were asleep last night."

"I didn't know I can cum while asleep." he laughed. "I guess that is why I had a cum stain on my briefs?"

"Guess, I didn't fully drain you." I felt his hand move up to my crotch, he began rubbing it, within seconds my member grew. 

"Wait, not here though," I said softly.

"Where?" 

I got up from the couch and guided him to my room, I wouldn't mind doing it again in the living room but I didn't want to risk getting seen by anyone. Of course, I could have closed the blinds, but if I fell asleep again, I would rather do it on my bed. 

I brought him to the room, he took a quick look around before turning towards me. He kissed my neck as his hands began to move around my body. "Let me give you pleasure" he whispered.

We continued to kiss as we moved towards my bed, then I slowly sat down on the edge of the bed. He got on top of me and began to kiss me, his soft kisses peppering my neck and chest until he reached my waist. He kneeled and unbuckled my belt and looked at me, "I hope you're wearing something sexy down there."

He unzipped my pants and pulled them down, revealing my grey briefs. He looked up and smiled. His hand rubbed against my erection before pulling out my member and wrapping his hand around it. I tilted my head back as he did, I jerked when I felt one of my balls get sucked into to his mouth. I looked down at him seeing him suck on my testicle. It was a new experience, never had I had anyone suck on my testicle, it felt amazing. 

After a while, Darwin stopped sucking on my testicle and began sucking on my member. He concentrated on the head causing me to moan. I placed my hand on his head as he did, his hands reached under me and began caressing my ass. He moved slowly, enjoying every inch of me in his mouth. I tilted my head back and closed my eyes, I couldn't believe it was happening again.

I jerked when I felt him take me all the way in, the head of my member being squeezed by his throat. Then he pulled off, to be honest, I didn't get deep throated a lot. To be honest, of the many women I've had sex with, there was nothing compared to Darwin. Darwin really appreciated giving a blowjob, he put in the work in pleasuring my member. 

As he bobbed his head, I removed my shirt and tossed it on the floor. I used my left hand to hold myself up while my right hand rested on his head, feeling his curly hair as he worked on my member.

I was close to cumming when I lifted his head, "Hey, you keep that up I'm going to cum."

He smiled, stroking my saliva covered cock. "That wouldn't be a bad idea."

Darwin's tongue licked the underside of my head, sending pleasure up my spine into the back of my head. I made him stop again, this time I made him stand up. 

I stood up before him, we were an inch away from each other, he learned in "You can do anything you want with me, anything you would do to a woman." he whispered. 

I made my move by pressing my lips against his soft lips. He didn't protest as we kissed each other once again. My hands slowly moved down his slim body making their way to his pants, I unbuckled them and allowed them to drop to the floor. I looked down to see he wore baby blue briefs. As we kissed my hands moved over his ass cheeks, caressing them, parting them part. I wanted to put myself in him again. 

I lifted him by the legs, turned around and gently placed him on the bed. We continued to kiss for a few more seconds before moving to the next thing. He rolled me onto my back, then he slowly slid down my body kissing me everywhere he could. When he made it to my erection, he took it into his mouth. He bobbed his head up and down at a fast speed, I couldn't hold it, within seconds I came into his mouth. I grabbed the bed sheets as I did, the orgasm was amazing. 

Darwin then straddled me, spitting out some of my cum into his left hand, while his right hand pulled down his briefs. At first, I was confused on what he was doing but then it hit me, he was using my cum to lube his ass. It was new and strange for me. He stroked my dick, before slowly lowering himself onto my dick. 

I gasped as I entered him, I had forgotten how tight he was. When I was fully in, I began to thrust slowly. We made eye contact as I penetrated him. 

He then placed his hand on my chest, taking control and began to move his waist up and down my cock, he rode me. I had closed my eyes as he continued, enjoying the pleasure I was receiving. I wanted more, I didn't want it to end, I wanted to fuck his tight hole every day, I wanted this all the time. 

I opened my eyes and flattened my feet on the ground, grabbed him around the waist and began to thrust into him faster. We both moaned louder, I saw his head tilted back as I sped up. I could hear the slap noises coming from my thighs slapping against his ass cheeks. 

As we continued, my hands reached around to his ass cheeks and lightly squeezed. Darwin leaned down and gave me a kiss, his whimpers were enticing. I continued for a few more minutes until I felt my balls contract, my thrusting slowed and I shot my warm jizz into his rectum. I gasped with each pump that followed, I didn't think it was possible to jizz this much after a previous ejaculation. He lied on my stomach with my erection still in his hole, he didn't want me to pull out and neither did I. 

My hand was on his back, rubbing his soft skin. Minutes later, my erection faded and out slipped my penis. 

"We should shower." I said to him.

He smiled, "I agree."

He stood got off the bed and pulled up his underwear, which was not stained with cum. 

"I should wash those," 

He nodded as he slips them off and handed them to me. I grabbed it and threw it in the hamper along with my clothes. We both stood completely naked and together we walked to the bathroom. In there, I turned the faucet and we waited for the water to get hot. 

"How do you feel?" Darwin asked.

"Amazing."

"That's good."

"I'm okay with doing this more often."

When the water was hot, we both stepped into the shower and bathed. Within the last 24 hours, my life had changed. I had sex with a man, a student, and it was amazing. I'm not sure what sexual orientation is anymore, but hopefully, Darwin can help me figure it out. Until then, I will enjoy the ride.