 Author's Note: There is a bit of an element of reluctance in this story.

Otherwise, just gay sex. Enjoy! =)

----------------------------------------

Mr. Peterson wasn't in class the next day, so Cory couldn't ask him about the room that he was supposed to go to after school. When he mentioned it to Sam, the young man just shrugged his shoulders and kept walking. So, at the end of the day, Cory decided to go to the room. To satisfy his curiously if nothing else.

When he walked in he gasped, the room had about 15 teachers in, almost the entire staff, and everywhere they were fucking students. Since it was an all-boys school, that meant more students that Cory had realized were gay. Sam and some of his friends were on their hands and knees, taking it at both ends. Cory could feel himself getting hard as his wide-eyes watched them getting stuffed from behind while they sucked a cock in front of them. Beneath each of them was another student, sucking on their dick.

At the back of the room, tied stomach down on a table, was Mr. Peterson, sucking on the Headmaster's cock. The Headmaster looked back and smiled as he saw Cory, waving the younger man over. Cory couldn't tear his gaze away from the dick that was sliding in and out from between Mr. Peterson's lips. The teacher wasn't sucking very eagerly, and Cory remembered that Mr. Peterson had never done anything like that to either him or Sam, he'd only taken what the younger man had to give.

"Hello Cory," the Headmaster greeted him, his hands on the top of Mr. Peterson's head. Mr. Peterson was watching Cory out of the corner of his eye, although most of his concentration was on not choking. The Headmaster continued talking as Cory rubbed the bulge at the front of his pants, "I'm sure you're wondering what's going on."

"Um, yes Sir," Cory tore his gaze away from the fascinating visual of Mr. Peterson sucking cock. He was also amazed at the Headmaster's capability for carrying on a normal conversation.

"Well you see Cory, the teachers her have a bit of a, ahem, club going on, you might say. Those students whom we think would be interested in the meetings we approach and then bring them to a meeting. Mr. Peterson seems to have approached you and then decided to keep you to himself for awhile." Mr. Peterson moaned around the Headmaster's dick as he gave a particularly brutal thrust, "Chad here seems to have a penchant for finding students, but often fails to bring them in immediately, you being the latest case. Coach Hamilton alerted me to the possible irregularity and so of course I looked in on it first chance I got."

Cory glanced over at where Coach Hamilton was fucking Buck, his quarterback, the two looking as in sync as they were on the football field. He blushed, remembering his encounters with both of them.

The Headmaster continued, "We told Chad that the next time he didn't share we'd have to punish him... so here he is. Chad doesn't like to be a bottom much, he's more of a top, but he does enjoy it when forced to. Of course, he's not doing a very good job of sucking my dick right now, so I think I'm going to have to change places."

Popping his dick out of Mr. Peterson's mouth, the Headmaster walked around behind Mr. Peterson as the teacher moaned, "Dave, please..."

"Quiet Chad," the Headmaster slapped Mr. Peterson on the ass hard as he lined his dick up. Looking at Cory he said, "Stick your prick in his mouth young man, that'll keep him quiet."

Mr. Peterson's eyes begged for a reprieve, but Cory was so horny and so eager to finally have Mr. Peterson doing something for him that he managed to ignore the look. And the Headmaster was right, as Mr. Peterson started sucking on his dick, he did seem to enjoy himself. Then the Headmaster started pushing his wide dick into Mr. Peterson's ass, and Cory nearly lost control as Mr. Peterson's agonized moans massaged his dick.

Remembering how big around the Headmaster's dick was, Cory did feel a little sorry for Mr. Peterson... but the teacher had brought it on himself. Looking around the room as Mr. Peterson sucked his dick, Cory realized that he was interested in encounters with a lot of the people in there. New and interesting things were going on, and Mr. Peterson had apparently just planned on running Cory's sex life all on his own. Now Cory was being presented with a banquet of opportunities, and he was liking the outlook.

The mouth of his dick became more eager the longer that the Headmaster fucked Mr. Peterson, Cory realized that his teacher must be getting used to the anal invasion. He was mesmerized by the sight of Mr. Peterson's tight ass swallowing up the Headmaster's thick dick. Pushing himself deeply into his teacher's throat, he leaned forward to watch.

The Headmaster was grunting and heaving, thrusting forcefully with his hands on Mr. Peterson's hips for balance and leverage. Cory knew when the Headmaster was about to cum, because he tensed up all over and his fingers dug into Mr. Peterson's sides. Mr. Peterson cried out around Cory's dick, the reverberations vibrating through his entire body.

Sighing happily the Headmaster pulled his limp dick from Mr. Peterson's ass and slapped the firm cheek. Looking up he asked, "Would you like a try Cory?"

Cory stared at the pink, slightly gaping hole, his cock buried in Mr. Peterson's throat... for the moment.