 "Come in!"

I opened the door and stepped into the room.

I was meeting two of my teachers cause I was failing in their subjects and graduation wasn't far away.

They smiled at each other and then they turned to me.

"So, how do we solve this?" asked Mr White.

"I don't know...can I take another test?"

"I think it's a bit too late for that" he answered

They just sat there silent and looking at me, smiling like they had a plan but that it was their secret and they wouldn't want to share with me.

"Well...what can I do then?"

"I don't know. You tell us"

I felt very awkward and didn't understand what they where getting at. Could it be that they wanted me to have sex with them?

No, that is too weird.

After a while they stopped smiling and looked disappointed that I hadn't given any suggestions how to get my grade up.

"Ok, guess you are failing then. You can go back to you class now"

I stood up and went out the door.

Once outside I stopped and, suddenly I was convinced that I knew what they were after. They really wanted me to have sex with them.

I wasn't in to gay sex so I hadn't understood what they wanted from me.

How hard could it be I thought, just have to wank them of and then I can get my grade. In the worst case scenario I might have to give them a blowjob.

Was it worth it to get my grade? If I failed I had to spend the next year taking the course again.

So I turned around and knocked at the door and went back inside.

"Did you forget something?"

"No..well.. I think I know what you want from me"

"Ok?"

"And..I'll do it"

"Do what?"

"...sex?"

Now they both had a big grin on their faces.

"Well what do you know, he finally figured it out"

"Yeah, I thought he was to stupid to get it"

"Lock the door and get over here"

After I had locked the door I went over to Mr White.

"Kneel"

So I got on my knees and started to undo his zipper.

I took out his semi erect cock and slowly started to wank it.

It was quickly getting harder in my hand so I picked up the pace.

"Suck it you little whore!"

"I haven't done this before.."

His cock was now standing fully erect and I could see the veins standing out.

"What? Then you better learn quickly"

He laid his hand on my head and guided me down to his crotch.

I placed my mouth over his dickhead and started licking at it while I jacked him off.

After just a few minutes I heard that he was about to come and he held my head in place.

He started spurting cum in my mouth while calling me a whore and a filthy cucksucker.

When he was done he released me and slumped back on his chair.

I stood on my knees before Mr. White while his cock was getting soft with my mouth full of his cum.

I bent my head backwards and asked where I could spit it out.

"Swallow it!"

Not much of a choice here I guess. I looked him in the eyes and swallowed his load.

It didn't taste too bad but it made me feel dirty swallowing another mans cum.

I heard a notice behind me, it was Mr. Brown that I had completely forgot about. He was standing against a desk with his pants down to his ankles stroking the his cock. It was long and amazingly thick.

I went over to him and took his cock in my hand.

It was so thick that I couldn't get my hand around it, but I started stroking it.

He pushed me down on my knees again and I started licking on the head of his cock.

"Open up you little whore"

I took it in my mouth but it was so wide that my jaw hurt and I was afraid that I would hurt him with my teeth and that would piss him off.

He pushed it in deeper and I started to gag.

"Please stop! It is too big"

"You will get used too it!"

He tried to push it in deeper and I almost puked.

"Wait! Please don't go so deep, I'll let you fuck me in the ass as long as you don't try to deep throat me"

He pushed me back from his cock and looked at me.

"Sure you whore, I'll break that ass in for you later, but you better get me off now"

I picked up the pace with my right hand and started massaging his balls with my left while licking and sucking on his big knob. I was starting to get scared. What had I promised? How should I be able to get this monster inside my virgin ass?

No time to think about that now because Mr. Brown started grunting and took hold of my hair and held me back.

Oh, no! He is going to give me a facial! Hope it wont get on my clothes! How should I explain that?

"Open your mouth"

I opened my mouth and he started shooting string after string of hot sticky cum on may face. Some got in my eye, some in my hair but the most part I got in my mouth and wise from my earlier experience I swallowed it down.

He put his dick back in my mouth for me to suck clean.

"Good job bitch. But don't forget what you promised me"

I sure remembered but I had hoped that he would have forgot.

"Don't get any second thoughts about it cause then we will post these pictures of you all over the school"

Mr. Brown had a digital camera in is hand! I hadn't noticed that before.

He showed me pictures on me sucking on Mr. Whites dick and swallowing his cum.

Guess I have to say farewell to my virgin ass then.

"We usually play some badminton in the school gym on Friday evenings and I want you to meet us in the shower room at eight.

Mr. Brown wiped my face of with his fingers and made me suck them clean.

"That's all for now, you can get back to class"

I went out the door but I had no intention of getting back to class smelling of their cum.