 After spending a good 2 weeks with Darwin, we got to know each other very well. Aside from passing by each other on the campus, we spent a lot of time together, mostly on the weekends, doing the usual: Sex, listening to Jazz albums, watching old movies. It turned out he was a fan of older films, Frank Capra, Hitchcock, and a few older movies like John Wayne movies. He told me that when he was younger he had a massive crush on Montgomery Clift, an actor from the early days of movies. He first discovered him in a John Wayne movie called Red River. I hadn't seen it so we saw it together. After the movie, I asked him if he could go back in time to sleep with him what would he do. Darwin instead of telling me enacted it on me, it was the first time we had ever done role play.

The sex between us was always great, Darwin always tried to push my limits. He even started to finger me, it was a new experience, one I wasn't comfortable with at first but grew to enjoy. It was always a great time with him and I wanted to show him some sort of gratitude. I toyed with the idea of letting him fuck me, but I wasn't entirely sure if I was ready for that.

Since this weekend was a three-day weekend, I planned to take Darwin up to a cabin up in the mountains. I hoped he wouldn't appreciate that, allowing me to thank him for giving a great experience these past two weeks. I'm sure he would tell me he just was happy to have sex with me, but I wanted to give him more.

The cabin was owned by my parents and this time of the year it was empty. So I figured I would take Darwin and me up there and have some nice R&R. I had to just wait for him to come over since today was Saturday.

While I waited I packed my bag with just a few changes of clothes, some swimwear, and some other essential items. When I was done, I turned on some music and sat down on the couch to read the newspaper.

It was 3 pm when Darwin finally arrived. He was dressed in blue jeans and a blue plaid long sleeve. He quickly walked in and when I closed the door, he immediately wrapped his arms around my neck and gave me a kiss.

"Someone's' in a good mood," I smiled.

"Just came back from a fun campus tour at school. It was a small group, just two people. They were nice and attractive, I felt that maybe they were lovers or something."

"Oh? Are you looking for an orgy?"

He smirked and walked to the couch and sat down, "Would it be bad to include more people?"

I sat down next to him, "Maybe, you wanna try it?"

He shrugged, "Only if you want."

"I'll think about it."

He rested his head on my shoulder, "So how was our day?"

"Fine, graded some papers and before you got here I was reading the newspaper."

"Anything interesting in the paper?"

"Nothing much, the usual. Murders, rapes and drug deals. There is something that caught my attention." He looked up at me and listened, "Apparently, there is a vigilante in the city. I expect that stuff to only be in comic books."

"So we have a Batman? Sounds kinda hot. I always found Batman to be hot in that costume he wore."

I smiled down to him, "Want me to dress up like Batman for you?"

"Only if I get to be your Robin?"

I laughed, "Alright. I have a question for you,"

At this time, Darwin's hand was on my crotch moving up and down slowly, "I'm listening,"

"It's a three day weekend, want to go to my cabin up north?"

"You have a cabin?" he released my crotch and lifted himself up to a sitting position.

"Yeah, my parents own it. Maybe we could go, relax, go swimming and of course have sex by the lake."

"I'm down with that, what time do you want to leave?"

"Tonight, maybe? We can have a campfire."

He didn't even think about it for a second and answered, "Alright. But I don't have a spare set of clothes. Can we make a quick trip to my apartment to pick up some clothes?

"Sure, but can we do that soon? It would be nice to beat the traffic."

He nodded.

With the cabin trip set in stone, Darwin and I left my house and went straight for his place. He spent a good five minutes there gathering his things and then we left. Before we got on the freeway, we stopped at the gas station to pick up some snacks. After that, we left and drove north. 

I passed him the folder of CDs, "Pick something for us to listen to."

He flipped through the pages and picked out a CD, "I love this band. My dad and I would listen to them every day he would take me to school."

He showed it to me, it was Chicago's greatest hits, he then slipped it into the CD player of the car.

"I like your taste, Darwin. People your age aren't into these bands."

The first song began to play, "Make Me Smile."

"I know right. It kind of makes me feel old listening to this good old music."

"Maybe, or maybe you just have good taste in music. Music nowadays isn't great in my opinion."

"I agree with you."

The roads were nearly empty as we drove down the freeway. I figured yesterday was the busiest day. Which was fine, allowed us to get there as the sun went down.

"So, any interesting places we could have sex there?"

I grinned, "Plenty, I know this one place."

"Oh really?" his hand reached over and landed on my crotch, "I know a place where we haven't had sex."

"Oh yeah? Where?"

"In this car," with both of his hands, he began to unbuckle my shorts. I was going to protest but my member was already getting erect. I had only ever had sex in this car once, not with Darwin but with someone else, and the car was parked.

I did my best to pay attention to the road as he unzipped my shorts, he then opened the flap and stroked my member through the fabric of my briefs. Next, he pulled down the waistband and pulled out my member. I felt like lifting up so he could pull down my shorts and underwear, but I wasn't confident in doing that. He unbuckled his seat belt and bent down, then I felt his warm lips on the tip of my member. The warmness slid down my erection then back up, then back down, this time going all the way down. My eyes rolled up when I felt the head of my member in his throat. Not wanting to crash, I brought my eyes down forward to look at the road. 

I kept my eye on the road and other cars as his mouth worked my member. Thankfully there wasn't any traffic otherwise this would have been awkward. I removed my right hand off the wheel and reached over this lower back to rub it as he blew me.

Darwin had gone slow at first but was now going at a steady speed. I was doing my best to not crash or cum quickly. He bobbed his head up and down while occasionally holding my member deep into his mouth. I moaned when he did that, I always enjoyed him taking my big member into his throat.

He wrapped his hand around the shaft and began to suck on the head while stroking me. It was a very awkward position for me honestly, I wasn't sure if I was going to cum or not, but he was determined to make me cum. Darwin stopped then used the tip of his tongue to lick the hole of my member while stroking me. I stopped myself from jerking my head back as he did that. He went back to sucking once again this time at a faster pace.

The combination of him stroking the shaft and sucking on my head lead to my eruption. I jerked forward a bit as I felt the load release from my balls and shoot through the shaft into this warm mouth. At least three or four loads of cum shot out into his mouth, and he continued to stroke me as I came. When I finally finished, he released my member and pressed his lips to the head and sucked out any remaining cum.

Darwin removed his lips and swallowed my load, then put my member away and zipped up my shorts. He sat back and buckled his seat belt, "that was fun."

I grinned, "Yeah it was, almost lost control of the car a few times."

"That would have been awkward if you did."

We both laughed.

Thanks to the freeway being traffic free we arrived at the cabin 30 minutes earlier than expected. As we drove down the lonely wooded path we turned right onto a dirt road and drove for about a mile before coming across this two-story cabin. Darwin stared at the house in amazement as we pulled up to the front.

"Big ain't it?" I said.

"Yeah," he replied. We parked and stepped out. I closed my eyes and took a deep breath, taking in the clean air. I told Darwin to do the same.

I pulled out my two luggage bags and Darwin did the same with his. We walked up to the long porch and entered. It was a very nice house that I loved coming to when I was younger. It had 4 bedrooms, including a master bedroom. Directly in front of us was a hallway which lead to the kitchen, to our left was the den and to the right was the stairs that lead to the second floor. As we walked down the hallway, we went directly for the kitchen. The first thing I did was head down the basement and turn on the power. Then came back up and checked was the fridge, which was empty of course, I placed one of the luggage backs and opened it up. This luggage was special, it didn't house any clothes, it housed food that I had bought for the trip. The luggage was designed for bring large amounts of perishable foods.

"Oh, here I thought we were going to hunt for our food," Darwin said laughing.

I snickered, "Nope, I don't hunt. I came prepared."

I began to put the food in the fridge as Darwin walked around the living room which was next to the kitchen. He made his way to the sliding doors which lead to the deck. When I was done, I put the luggage away and went to the deck with him. He was sitting on one of the lounge chairs staring at the lake that was a quarter mile away.

"Looks beautiful doesn't it?" I said.

"It does, looks refreshing."

The sun was already setting as I stared at the lake with him. "When I was younger my cousins and I would stay in the lake all day and sit around the campfire in the evenings telling scary stories.

"Did you ever get scared?"

"No, well yes when I was a child, but as I grew up I kinda got over it. I accepted that people like Freddy Krueger and Jason Voorhees were just fiction. How about you?"

"No, as long as I can remember I enjoyed watching horror stories and listening to scary stories. I always found the movies to be fun, especially when your friends and family can't handle it and scream every time a jump scare happens. You should see me around Halloween, I love scaring people. It's so much fun."

"I'm looking forward to Halloween then."

"So, now the fun stuff. Ever get laid up here?"

I grinned but didn't answer right away. I still wasn't comfortable talking about my past relationships or sexual encounters with Darwin yet. I wasn't entirely sure why maybe it was just something simple as not wanting to make him feel bad or something. I had only known about one encounter he had and that was with Damos.

"A few times," I finally said, "Two girlfriends and a friend of mine," I waited for a reaction from him but noticed no change. I just saw that he was still interested in the story. I was expecting him to frown or something but nothing, then I continued. "A girlfriend and I skinning dipped once and had sex right there," I pointed to the lake.

He leaned closer to me in the chair and spoke, "Are we going to go skinny dipping?"

A grin grew on my face, "Of course, but we should have dinner first."

I gave a list of things for Darwin to take out of the fridge and prep for dinner while I

started the fire. The plan was to have campfire foil dinner, it was something my family would have every time we came here. It was a simple meal, half a stick of corn, some potatoes, cut carrots and of course some pre-seasoned chicken. I went to the shed and picked up a few pieces of wood and walked down to the shore where the family fire pit was. With the wood thrown in, I began to light the fire, within a few minutes I had the fire raging. It had been a couple of years since I did it so I was a bit rusty.

On the log, I sat staring at the lake as the sun went fully down. Then I felt Darwin's fingers tap my shoulder, I turned to him holding the two packets of food. I brought out the pan and placed it over the stand, then placed the two packets on it. Darwin sat next to me with his head resting on my shoulder. "This is cozy," he said.

"I know right? It's so relaxing up here, with the wilderness, the fresh air, the cool breeze of the lake and the warmness of the fire."

"So aside from the delicious food and the eventual skinning dipping, what else do you have planned?"

I placed my finger to my chin and thought, "Well, we could go hiking tomorrow in the morning. That could be fun, I know a trail that leads to a beautiful view of the ocean."

When the food was done we quickly got down to munching on the food. While we ate Darwin and me discussed music and old time movies. Then when we were done, we sat around for a bit to let the food settle before we planned to jump into the lake.

When we were ready, we stripped ourselves of our clothes and headed for the small dock. Darwin jumped into the lake first then I followed suit. We swam around for a bit before meeting back up with each other for a quick kissing session. I felt our erections colliding with each other, and we grabbed each other's dick and began to stroke them. Then Darwin did the unexpected, he dipped his head underwater, I was a bit confused for a moment before I felt his hands on my thighs and his lips on my member. He moved slowly of course due to the water but it still felt amazing.

After 30 seconds he came back up and then placed his hands on my shoulders. Then lifted his pelvis up to my waist, I grabbed my member and guided myself into his hole. I squeezed in and began to slowly thrust into his tight hole while we kissed. His wet hands rubbed my bearded face as I thrust myself into him.

In all honesty, it was pretty difficult to do this, I had to remain afloat while fucking him. At first, it was great but I knew, in the long run, it would be difficult to climax. So I continued to do my best but unfortunately, I couldn't keep up. So I suggested we move to the beach. He didn't protest.

We swam towards the beach and walked out, by then both of our erections were deflated. I threw a towel down and he quickly lied down. I kneeled down before him and he quickly got to making my member grow. His hands were on my bare ass he blew me. I looked around and saw no one around. The only sounds coming from the fire and his mouth as his saliva covered my member.

When I was fully aroused, he lied on his back and lifted his legs and rested them on my thigh. I grabbed my member and began to enter him once again. It always amazed me that he remained so tight. I grabbed on to his thighs and slowly moved my pelvis back and forth. As I moved, light moans escaped our mouths that only grew louder as we continued. Thankfully we were alone so we could be loud without attracting attention. I continued my steady movements under the starlit sky. 

Darwin's hands moved up my upper body and then back down as I moved. I planted my hands to the sides of him and came in for a kiss. His hands then moved around to my upper back and slowly slid down and eventually reached my ass cheeks. I heard him whisper, "faster,"

So I did what he asked, he hands moved up to my lower back as I moved faster. Plowing his tight hole with our breathing becoming more intense with each passing second. My god it always felt good when the tip of my member rubbed against his prostate. He loved it too because every time it would happen he would let out a louder moan. He began to jerk himself off as I continued. I honestly was close, really close.

His free hand rested on my chest when I felt the seed fill up in my sack then shoot out into the walls of his rectum. I jerked hard on the first one, unloading a big pool of semen then came the rest.

Two loud moans could be heard on the beach as we both climaxed. I shot the rest of my load out, coming in two big gulps. I took in a deep breath and looked down at Darwin to see a pool of semen on his stomach.

I lowered myself while remaining inside of him and whispered in his ear, "Not bad for out first sex on the beach."

"Yeah," he said in between breaths, "absolutely amazing."

Without saying a word, I slowly pulled out and stared at his semen covered erection. On my knees, I leaved over to lick the cum off his stomach. It wasn't much but I managed to lick the pool of semen into my mouth and swallowed it. Then I moved down to his crotch and took his deflated member into my mouth. I took it all in then moved up and down slowly, I felt it grow in my mouth. He bent his knees as I continued. I still wasn't good at sucking cock, given that I had only done it a few times. But, I wanted to get better for him. I continued wrapping my lips around his shaft, going up and down. His hand rested on the back of my head and pressed my head down. I gagged when the tip reached the back of my throat, but I held it for about two seconds before releasing him.

I continued my venture to make him cum. Speeding up, I grabbed on to his shaft and stroked it, like he had done so to me many times. I had noticed that his other hand was on his ass, with a finger in his hole. It was covered in my semen from earlier and he was moving pretty fast. I decided to work on the head while my hands worked the shaft and within seconds I felt his seed shoot in my mouth. I sucked up as much as I could before swallowing his load once again.

After, I crawled next to him and lied down, "I hope you are looking forward to tomorrow."

"Oh yeah? You have plans?"

"Plenty. A hike, then a fuck, then back to hiking and maybe a bonfire with some sex."

"That sounds like my kind of fun."

We lied on the beach for about half and a half before we got up, grabbed our things and headed back to the house. The first thing we did was a simple shower. Then after we got dressed, which we were just in a t-shirt and underwear, I made popcorn for a movie.

With the popcorn ready and the movie selected, which was a movie called American Assassin. I remember it was based on a novel by one of my favorite authors, Vince Flynn. Darwin had told me about the main actor and how he's had a crush on him for the longest time. It made think about doing another roleplay sex but decided against it since I wanted to relax and watch the movie. After the movie, we fell asleep on the couch.

The next morning I woke up and decided to make some breakfast for the two of us.

When I was done making the food Darwin had already woken up. He yawned his away to the counter and sat down. I slid him a plate of food and coffee, "Morning, sunshine."

He smiled, "Morning. Thank you for the food," he took a forkful of food into his mouth and spoke once again, "This is good. So what did you this morning?"

I began to eat my food, "Oh, nothing much. Stretched then made some food."

"So what do you have planned for today?"

After taking a sip from my hot black coffee I gave him an answer, "Well I was thinking after breakfast, we could take a hike up a trail I know. It's quite private so we can stop by and maybe have a little sex."

Darwin smiled at the idea, "That sounds like a wonderful idea. However, would it be fine if I could borrow some shorts for the hike?"

"Of course, I've never seen you in shorts actually."

"Guess, you will soon."

After we ate, the two of us took a quick shower and went to my room to get dressed. I wore beige cargo shorts with a green polo shirt and a hat. Darwin wore the same thing but in different colors his shorts were white and his shirt was red. He actually looked good in shorts, honestly made me curious on how he would look like in soccer shorts.

"Darwin," I said to him.

"Yeah?"

I bent over into the luggage and pulled out a pair of cotton shorts, "Do you mind wearing these for me instead?"
