 *****Everyone in this story is Fiction and is over the age of 18****

*****

Beads of sweat trickled down my face as I jogged down the lonely path. I was 30 minutes into my run with only a few feet left on the route. While on the run I thought about the events of the past weekend with Darwin. He had stayed the entire weekend. We stayed in, watched movies together, had sex, listened to a few jazz albums. It really did help me come to terms with this new life. I thought back to yesterday morning when I woke up to go to the restroom. I had slipped on underwear that I blindly picked up off the floor and went to relieve myself. When I had returned, Darwin was awake and said, "Those are mine" I had looked down and seen that they were. I remembered replying, "No wonder they felt snugger than usual." I had climbed back into bed with him and we had sex again.

I had been so lost in the memory that I didn't notice the piece of wood on the road, which caused me to trip. I landed knee first into the ground and rolled, I used my hand to stop myself from further rolling down. Turning my head in both directions, I saw no one down either side of the path. I then looked up at the injured knee and saw it was bloodied and dirty. It was just a scrape though, I had also noticed that I was erect. Quickly, I sat up and looked around again, seeing no one in sight. I sighed and grabbed my water bottle and squirted it over my wound, trying to clean it.

When I was done, I stood up slowly wincing in pain as I did. It wasn't anything too serious, I would just be limping the rest of the day. I limped my way down the path and eventually made it back to my car. Getting into the car, I sat down and looked through my stuff for my aid kit. Eventually, I found it underneath the passenger seat. I tended to the wound then drove home.

I got home ten minutes later and immediately went to the restroom, removing my clothes as I did. I took a long warm shower and when I was done, I tended to my wound once again. This time with better bandaging and alcohol, cursing when I applied the alcohol. I stepped out of the restroom and into my room to change for work. When I was done, I quickly left the house.

30 minutes later, I arrived at the school I worked at, Pasadena City College. I drove into the parking lot and parked, then stepped out of the car slowly. I retrieved my bags, locked the car and walked across the parking lot.

When I stepped onto the grass I ran into a friend and fellow teacher, Damos Khan. He was a Psychology teacher here at the school, working for about 6 years now, the same amount of time as me.

"Hey, Damian. You okay buddy?" he said with his light middle eastern accent.

"Hey. I tripped this morning during my jog. It's nothing though, just a scrape." I replied standing next to him.

"Want me to me your cane?" he said jokingly.

"Yes, please," I placed my hand on his shoulder and we walked across the grass. "So how was your weekend Damos?"

"It was fine, I and a few friends went to the football game."

"Did your team win?"

"No, we lost. It was a bummer. How was your weekend?"

"It was...interesting."

"Oh?" he said raising a brow.

"I met someone."

"I knew something was special about you today, you have like this aura. Someone got laid this weekend?"

"I don't have no stupid aura," I said raising my tone.

"So did you?"

I smirked, "Yeah,"

"Tell me the details man, how she looks?"

I gulped, "she was..." I honestly couldn't come up with the words. I mean I could have just lied and pretended I dated someone like Sofia Vergara. But I saw he was really interested and I really couldn't lie. I was never really good liar to begin with.

"Let's sit," I said pointing to the bench next to us.

We sat down with my hands resting on my lap. I turned to him, "Look, Damos, can I tell you something and you won't like laugh or anything?" I felt like I was back in high school.

"Of course friend, is something the matter?"

"No, well not entirely sure. The person I had sex with this weekend was a man."

"Damian, I didn't know..."

"I didn't know either," I interrupted. There was a brief awkward silence between us. It was as if Damos didn't know what to say. I knew his religion was strongly against homosexuality, but I knew him for some time now, he was open-minded and respected other's lives.

I continued as he sat silent. "Friday, I met up with a friend who confessed to me that he was attracted to me. We ended up having sex that day and again on Saturday, and on Sunday."

"Wow, my friend," he said leaning forward looking down at the ground. "Were you that desperate that you slept with a man?"

"Maybe, it all happened so fast. I mean, I did enjoy it. But now I'm constantly thinking about what I am now. Like if I am doing something illegal."

Damos put his hand before me, "Okay, hold on," he then leaned in closer to me and whispered, "Was it a student?" I didn't want to tell him yes for the fear of getting in trouble, but then he added, "If so, it's fine."

"Excuse me?" I said whispering back to him.

"Yeah, I mean it's not ethically right but if the opportunity arises..."

Without letting him finish I answered, "Yes, it was."

His mouth shaped a "wow"

"Have you?"

"Yeah, actually. Twice, to pass a student."

Shocked, I whispered to him, "You shouldn't be doing that."

"Hey man, it was just moving a C to a B. It's not a big deal, not like I gave them an A."

I sat back for a few seconds before leaning forward once again, "Damos, any of those students guys?"

"Promise me you won't say anything about the passing student thing?"

"Yeah, sure."

He coughed before answering, "Yeah, one of the students who needed a grade bump was a guy. The other was just some other student from my class."

I was curious even more, "Who were they?"

He let out a sigh, "Timothy Wu and Darwin Winters."

Darwin. I couldn't believe that he had slept with another teacher. I felt like I had been played like I was just a piece of meat for Darwin to play with. But why did I care? Did I have feelings for Darwin? It made me wonder if there were more teachers Darwin had slept with. "How and what did you guys do?"

Damos rubbed his hands together, "Just a blowjob from each. At different times, not together."

"How did Darwin..."

He cut me off knowing what I was going to ask, "I needed help one weekend to move some stuff, he volunteered and helped me at my house. We got to know each other very well that weekend, then on the last day, he complimented me on my looks and my rear. I knew he was gay. Then just like that," he said snapping his fingers, "Darwin seduced me and gave me a blowjob. I'm not going to lie, he's good at it."

"Yeah, I know..." I blurted out without even realizing what I had just said.

"What?" he said shocked, "Wait, it's Darwin?"

"Fuck." I rubbed the temple of my forehead, "Yeah, I asked him to come play me some tunes on the trumpet and well the rest is history."

"That kid has some game or something man," Damos said jokingly.

"Shut up," I said almost like a yell. I couldn't believe Darwin had slept with another teacher, especially a teacher like Damos who is heavily religious. Maybe Darwin had some magic voodoo stuff. Then again, that sounded dumb. I sighed and glanced at my watch seeing it was 5 til my next class. "Look, we should head to class. Can we talk about this later?"

"Of course, I'll help you to your class."

"Thanks," I said standing up.

When we entered the classroom my students gasped and I simply told them to "calm down." When Damos left, I explained to my class how I got my injury. Of course, leaving out the thoughts which were the reason I tripped.

The day continued as normal with me teaching two classes before my break at 2. My next class wasn't until 3 pm. I sat in my empty classroom thinking about my conversation with Damos and the events of this weekend. Then an idea spawned, I got up to lock the door and closed the blinds, then sat back down at my desk and opened a private tab in my browser. I went to PornHub and began searching through porn, first straight porn. After a few videos, I noticed I was erect. I then let my erection die down for a few minutes before going back to PornHub, this time I looked at gay porn. At first, I didn't find anything arousing, then I found a twink video, that apparently got me erect. Maybe I had a fetish I thought to myself.

I wasn't entirely sure what a twink was, from what I saw in the video, they were all slim young looking guys like Darwin. Maybe that was what a twink was. I made a mental note to ask him next time I saw him.

I closed the browser and the laptop, then rested hands over it staring at the wall across from me. I began to think about what I just discovered. Maybe I was bisexual all along and maybe I just needed a guy like Darwin to I don't know, wake me up? The thought of Darwin made me a bit aroused so I pulled out my phone and texted him. I asked him if he was available to talk in person. He replied with a yes and would be here shortly.

Within ten minutes he was outside my door knocking, I let him into the classroom and locked the door behind him. "So, what do you need to talk about Mr. McCall?" he said in his squeaky voice.

I was going to tell him to call me Damian, but I decided to ignore it. I limped over to my desk and sat down. Darwin sat on the edge of the desk. "Oh my god, what happened?" he asked.

"I tripped this morning on my jog. Funny how that happened."

"Oh?"

"I was thinking back to this weekend. I got lost in the thoughts and tripped on a piece of wood that was lying on the trail."

"Oh, you poor thing."

"It's fine though," I adjusted myself in the seat and spoke softly to him, "I talked to Mr. Khan today. And he told me something interesting."

"Anything exciting?" he said with a smile on his face.

"Yeah, he told me that you gave him a blowjob."

His smile turned into a frown and he began chewing on his lip. He eyed me up and down, before answering. As if he were in trouble. "Yeah, I gave Damos a blowjob. Just once though and he isn't like you..."

"Do you do this often? Seduce and sleep with your teachers?"

"Only once in a while, it's not always worked you know. Some teachers, aren't that easy to get into bed. You're actually the first to have fucked me."

"Is that a hard achievement?"

He smirked, "Look, if you are upset with me, I'm sorry."

"I'm not, I just want to know more. Who else have you slept with here?"

"Only two other teachers, Mr. Herman and Mr. Diaz."

"Herman? He left like a year ago."

"Yeah, I gave him a nice goodbye present."

I leaned back in my chair, "So I'm just a tool like the rest of them?"

Darwin got up off the desk and stepped forward, standing in front of me. His thin body hovering over me. He then sat on my lap and wrapped his arms around me, our faces inches from each other. "No, you're special. I daydreamed about giving you a blowjob. I daydreamed about you fucking my brains out. I..."

The sound of a helicopter flying over the building drowned out Darwin's voice. We looked at each other than up at the ceiling. We then heard sirens and tires screeching into the nearby streets. The school bell rang above us and then a beep. A voice then spoke through the classroom intercom said "We are in lockdown. The police have informed us that there is a suspect in the nearby streets. Everyone is to lock their doors and remain inside. Please do not open the doors until the lockdown is lifted."

I felt Darwin's hand rest on my chest, I turned to him as he spoke, "Looks like we're on lockdown. We should do something to pass the time."

"I don't think..." he stopped me from speaking with a kiss. I felt my body get warm as we continued. His hand landed on my chest and lightly rubbed it before moving south to my stomach, eventually, his hand reached down to my crotch where he lightly massaged it. Within seconds I was aroused.

After a minute or two, we stopped kissing, he then sat back and began to unbutton my shirt. He opened it and began to kiss me down my body through the fabric of the undershirt, slowly making it down my body. He stood up and continued the barrage of kisses until he hit his destination, my crotch. He got down on his knees and unbuckled my slacks, pulling them down a bit. He pulled out my cock from my red briefs and immediately took it into his mouth. Causing me to gasp as he did. He worked the head while his hands kneaded into my thighs. Darwin bobbed his head up and down at a steady speed, sending pulses of pleasure up and down my body. He then took me deep into his mouth for a few seconds before releasing me, making me gasp once again.

He pulled me out of his mouth and stroked me, our eyes met. He took me back into his mouth giving me a few sucks before releasing my once again. He then stood up and pulled down his pants revealing his rainbow-striped briefs, he then dropped those too. He climbed onto me and slowly lowered himself on my erection. When I was fully docked, he began to move up and down slowly. I held onto his ass cheeks as he did with our breathing in sync. He rode me for a few more minutes before he stood up and removed one of his legs from his pants. He removed some things from my desk and lied down on the table. I knew what he wanted. I stood up wincing as I did due to my leg, but I ignored it. I stood up before him and his legs flew up onto my shoulders and with his ankles, he pulled me closer to him. I pressed myself closer to him, and slipped my cock into him, slowly at first. When I was fully in him, I began to thrust back and forth. I heard him whisper, "Faster."

I did as commanded, moving my body faster. I placed my hand on his chest for stability, his hands wrapped around the arm as I did, as I drilled my erection deeper into his rectum We both moaned as this moment continued, with my erection wrapped by his warm tight rectum. His hands then grabbed onto my underwear covered ass as I plowed into him, faster and faster, with each passing second. I just kept going wanting to get to that rewarding moment. I began to hear him cry out in pleasure as I did, this motivated me even more until it finally happened. My body slowed as I pumped out my seed, spewing into his rectum. I eventually stopped with the thrusting and let the rest of my seed fill his tight hole. We stared at each other for a few seconds, both of us out of breath. He then pulled me closer to him and we locked lips once again. His hand rubbing through my beard. He whispered to me, "stay inside of me please." I smiled and we kissed again.

We remained in this position for a few more minutes, kissing each other. This, what we had here, was something special. I honestly didn't care anymore, I wanted more of this with him. At that moment, I vowed to never question my sexuality and to just enjoy what I had with him. He didn't treat me like a piece of meat, he treated me like a passionate lover. I wanted more of this, I wanted more of this.

When my erection faded, I stood up straight and slowly pulled out, letting some of the semen pour onto my desk. He sat up and wrapped his arms around me, resting his head on my chest, "I love this."

I placed my hand on his head and played with his curly hair, "me too."

Darwin's hands reached down to my ass and he continued to caress them.

"So Darwin, what's a twink?"

He looked up at me and smiled, "18 to 25-year-old hairless thin guys."

"Oh, like you?"

He smiled at me, "Yes, like me. Why do you have a type?"

I smiled back at him, "I think I do."

Without even thinking about it, I pushed him back down onto his back and knelt before him. I grabbed his fading erection and took it into my mouth. I wasn't good at sucking dicks but I wanted to give him some more pleasure. As I bobbed my head up and down, his erection grew in size. I pulled back the skin and sucked on his head, causing him to moan. I took him deeper and deeper into my mouth, breathing through my nose as I did. I coughed when I got like 6 inches into my mouth, then pulled out. Coughing a little more, he told me to stop but I ignored it as I took him back into my mouth. My hand wrapped around his shaft and stroked it as I slurped on the head of his penis. He sat up and placed his hands on the sides of my head, guiding me. His moans grew louder as each second passed, motivating me to speed up. The moans became more frequent and eventually, I reached my destination, his semen exploded into my mouth. I continued bobbing as he moaned with each pump into my mouth.

When he was done, I lifted my head with a pool of semen in my mouth. I looked up at him and swallowed his load. I didn't have wine this time to wash down the taste. I stood up before him and we locked lips, Darwin stroked my dick while I stroked his growing erection. It seemed like we were going to do it again when the bell rang again and the louder speaker turned on. We turned our attention to it and listened, "The lockdown is over and class will not resume today. Please enjoy the rest of your day."

With the closing beep, we looked back at each other and kissed once again. We descend onto the desk once again with his hands moving across my body. I lifted his legs with my hands and began to penetrate him once again. I didn't even get my head fully in when a knock on the door stopped me. We both looked at the door and then back at each other. I quickly stood up as he stood up to put his pants back on. I pulled my pants back up and buttoned my shirt, "one sec," I yelled.

When we were both fully clothed I limped towards the door, I was still sweaty though so I wasn't sure how I was going to explain that to the person on the other door. Before I opened the door, I noticed the drip of semen on the table. I pointed to Darwin which his answer to it was to simply sit on that part of the desk. It was a solution. I opened the door and saw it was the teacher next door, Miranda. "Hey, Miranda."

"Hey Damian," she looked in and saw Darwin on the desk, "Hello, Darwin."

"Hi Mrs. Amos," he said waving.

"Was it just the two of you during the lockdown?"

I decided to lie, "No, there were 5 other students here but left the second the lockdown ended."

"Ah, I see. Well, I'm going home, hopefully, we find out more about the lockdown."

"If you do, please text me," I said to her.

She smiled and waved goodbye to us. I closed the door and turned to Darwin letting out a deep breath. "That was close."

"And hot," he added.

We both smiled at each other for a few seconds before he stood up. He turned to his rear and saw the stain of cum on his pants. I grabbed some tissue and took it to him, I helped him clean it off, only leaving a wet stain.

"Want to grab something to eat? I'm starving."

"Sure,"

We both grabbed our things and left the classroom. We split up when we got to the parking lot, he decided he would follow me to the restaurant in his car. 15 minutes later we arrived at the restaurant and entered together to eat.