 **All characters over 18**

I waited nervously in the room. Mr. Stone had said he wanted me to be involved in a project with Mr. Ramsbottom, Mr. Sheer and Mr. Broe.

He had said this with a suggestive tone and had had chosen an odd time, why was I the only one here?

At last the door opened and in walked all four of my teachers- Stone for History, Ramsbottom for Graphics, Sheer for Business & Broe for Science + PE. They were all silent and I began to feel anxious, what was this all about? After what felt like a lifetime of quiet, Mr. Stone spoke- "Dylan, let me put this simply, you're here to satisfy us and in return we won't come up with some reason to have you suspended, OK?"

Was this actually happening? What the fuck! My teachers, 3 of whom are married, want me as a boy toy? 

I sat in stunned silence until I realized... This is what I always wanted, how many nights have I spent wanking over this and now it's a reality.

I quickly masked my surprise and then simply agreed.

"Smashing," said Mr. Stone.

"So shall we begin?"

The other three men quickly stood up and shuffled. Mr. Broe gave me a wink and I suddenly felt slightly more comfortable. Wow, this was really happening.

Mr. Stone and Mr. Broe shoved two desks together and drew the blinds. Before I knew it Mr. Broe and Mr. Ramsbottom were stripping. I slowly backed onto the tables to enjoy the spectacle.

Mr. Broe was a really short, bearded man, he was fair haired but most was faded to grey even though he was barely 40 yet , he was such an asshole but despite being far from textbook hot, I thought he was amazing.

I nearly drooled as he revealed his wide, muscular, hairy chest and arms, perfectly finished with ruby red, big, round nipples. My god did he look delicious, he was so god damn hairy it almost blew my mind, I was instantly obsessed.

Beside him was Mr. Ramsbottom, he was of average height, mid-twenties and a bit of an idiot but had a relatively handsome face and light brown, spiked hair, nicely paired with blush red skin. He kept in good shape and although not as hairy as Mr. Broe was still fiendishly sexy with his shirt off.

Next to be shirtless was Mr. Stone, he was also quite short and always wore grey. He was 40 and balding but had the endings of light brown hair which he carried to make a manly beard. He had been in the army for a few years but was by no means athletic yet still always talked pretentiously. He unbuttoned his grey shirt to reveal quite a thick chest of hair, spreading out from the middle, he had small, sharp, baby pink nipples either side but my favorite part was the thought of that chest hair descending into other places.

I then turned my head to see Mr. Sheer had joined, he was also short but played lots of sports and was madly fit. Hr had the most muscular of the chests and had a nice bit of brown curly hair growing around his nipples.

Once all the men were shirtless I grinned until the steely Mr. Stone spoke- "Why haven't you taken off your clothes? You're not here for a show."

My grin suddenly turned upside down as I realized what this encounter would be like.

I quickly shuffled and removed my tie, I then lifted my jumper above my head and undid my shirt.

I showed my smooth, pale chest which was very thin with unseeable hair.

"And the rest," said Mr. Stone then, very commandingly so too.

I nervously fidgeted at my trouser zip. It was still so odd having all of them shirtless around me, now I was going to bare my cock?

Eventually they came down and I was left with my tonight black briefs. Mr. Stone nodded but I was still shaking. This was all so alien to me, my bulge was obvious and I was already fully hard at them shirtless but yet I was still cagey about the full reveal. I just gathered all my courage and did it, my 7" 5" cock sprung free, it was quite dark with many veins. I was very proud of my cock especially for such a skinny guy like me to have such a thick cock.

I had a relatively big load of brown, curly pubes, average enough balls and a cute little brown birthmark just below my groin on my right side.

Mr. Sheer & Mr. Ramsbottom jeered at my nakedness, grinning widely.

"Perfection" said Mr. Sheer, being granted a nod of approval from Mr. Stone, suddenly I began to enjoy their viewing of me as an object, a toy, their personal little bitchboy.

My attention was then averted when I saw them beginning to move towards me. Mr. Broe was first he sat on the table and before I knew it he had his hands on me, he lay me on my back and got on top of me. He kissed me forcefully, shoving his tongue down my throat, my stiff boner brushing his knee and his hairy chest tickling mine.

After a while he withdrew from the kiss and took off his pants, in his underwear I saw a nice bulge. Ashe stood there before me, I knew I made the right decision.

I then spoke.

"So what do you want first?" I asked the group enthusiastically.

"Well I'll take some head" said Mr. Broe.

"I brought him in, I want ass" said Mr. Storey.

This left Mr. Sheer in my hands and Mr. Ramsbottom on my cock, a position he seemed elated with.

The other men were now down to their underwear, I could wait no longer, I lay on my side on the desk and Mr. Stone informed on where everyone should go.

Mr. Stone casually stepped out of his boxers and showed a 7 inch dick, it looked so beautiful, it was my first cock, I was just legally allowed to see have cock and was delighted that this would be my first.

Mr. Stone had vast pubes and hairy freckled thighs, nestled amongst all this were his long, juicy balls. My god, he was delicious.

Mr. Stone then lay spooning me on the table, spreading my ass cheeks and fingering me roughly. God it hurt but I was distracted by the sight of Mr. Broe stepping out of his briefs.

He looked just how I had always imagined, hairy and divine with an insanely thick, 8 inch cock, looking almost ridiculous on his 5 foot 4 body. He slowly began to jerk and approached me, he was now up in my face, I was intoxicated by his manly aroma. He held out his cock qnds shoved my head down, I stuck my tongue out and got my first taste.

It was better than I could have ever imagined, that masculine and intensely sexual taste dancing on the tip of my tongue. I felt like I had died and gone to heaven. I then placed my mouth around the shaft, I got 4 inches down before I discovered my gag reflex, my tongue meanwhile enjoying the caressing of his manhood's lumps and bumps.

Mr. Stone was still readying my ass what he was doing was really painful but he really didn't seem to give much of a shit. While sucking on Mr. Broe's hairy cock I saw Mr. Sheer & Mr. Ramsbottom getting rid of their briefs.

My jaw would of hit the floor if it wasn't holding a cock when I saw Mr. Sheet's cock, it was so big and long, easily 9.5" and 6" in girth. It was beautiful too with next to no blemishes. He walked up to me, his missile and managed area of pubes right up in my face, my god was it huge, way too big for me too suck. 

I took the massive piece of meat in to my hands and began to jerk it, using some precum I picked up off of Mr. Broe as lube. Even the sound of my palm fastly beating him off drove me crazy. I was close to cumming without anyone actually touching my cock, Mr. Ramsbottom would soon change this however.

He had stripped and was know knelt down on the floor with my cock in his face. He looked so damn hot with a modest enough 6 inch con hanging between his wide, hairy, athletic legs. He had much more pubes than I would have thought, he had a whole forest of light brown hair and then two I big balls which I could not have imagined to be sexier.

Mr. Ramsbottom picked up my manhood and began to play with me, he caressed the shaft and tickled my balls, I was already dangerously close to cumming as he began to tease the tip of my cock. He then began to kiss the inside of my thighs, sucking delicately on my birthmark, making me moan with pleasure. He then preceded to lick my balls and then suck them, engulfing his mouth with them and savouring their taste.

He then licked the shaft of my cock and placed his mouth onto it, I couldn't believe it as he sucked my cock. It really was as hood as they said it was, the warmth the wet of his saliva, the feeling of my precum oozing onto the back of his mouth. It all became too much and I cum.

Mr. Ramsbottom pulled his head off my cock and let my man juice burst out all over Mr. Ramsbotom's face.

"Ah, the little bitchboy Cummings already," sniggered Mr. Ramsbottom. The rest of the men laughed and suddenly I was mortified and remembered how I was just a toy to them.

I continued min my duties however, sucking on Mr. Broe's cock, enjoying its meaty taste, sucking on his balls when breaking for air. I loved how much I was pleasing them, reducing them down to their base desires and making them grin widely because of what I was doing.

I knew it was coming and at last it had come, Mr. Storey had stopped fingering and lubing my ass and took his cock into his hands.

He lay, practically spooning me as he guided his dick into my boy pussy. The first push of the tip caused me to squirm, and the second. He hastily spanked me so harshly I let out a scream when I squirmed too much. Little by little, his cock entered me, spreading my ass and making me feel a pain I thought couldn't even be imagined.

A teardrop rolled down my face, the other men just seemed to enjoy my pain as Mr. Stone continued to fuck me. He was quickening his pace and I was bawling with the pain, he kept going however.

I continued to jerk Mr. Sheer's piece of weaponry, I was still marvelling at its size, it was so hard to grip, I often dropped it many times.

Mr. Ramsbottom then stopped with sucking my cock and had begun to rub our cocks together, our two lovesticks danced in glory. I felt the most magnificent pleasure in that moment.

All of a sudden, Mr. Ramsbottom stood up and shot all his jizz all over my face. Much landed in my mouth and it was the sweetest taste ever.

At this point, Mr. Stone was also about to cum, he had quickened his face and I had almost begun to enjoy it when I heard him gasp-

"FUCK!" With this came a twitch of his cock and the filing of my ass with his hot, steamy, man goop. Mr. Ramsbottom and Mr. Stone then met with a kiss while I pleasured the other men.

They both seemed to be close, Mr. Broe was beginning to force my head onto his cock more frantically and Mr. Sheer was calling me an abundance of dirty names.

"Jerk it bitchboy!", "Taste that cock", " That's it you bastard," they shouted at me.

Then Mr. Broe let all his cum down my throat, it felt so good the creamy jism, hitting the back off my throat was just exhilarating.

Now I was left with just one cock to focus on, I sat up and began to solely entertain Mr. Sheer, momentarily sucking on his nipples, ticking his balls and then going down on his cock.

Compared to Mr. Broe's already huge cock this was colossal, I even struggled with it's sheer girth. Eventually I got my lips around it and sucked, the other men wanked and jeered as he got close to orgasm. He then took his missile from my mouth and with a grunt spurted stream after stream, gush after gush of cum all over my face.

I was then disappointed when I saw the men redress but I simply walked up to Mr. Stone, pinched his beautiful nipple and said- "Want to schedule our next encounter?"

Everyone grinned and knew that much more fun was to be had.