 It was a hot summer afternoon, when Nick arrived at Mr Jenkins house. He'd missed a lot of work over the past few weeks, but Mr Jenkins had offered to help him catch up. Checking his reflection in the door, one last time, Nick gave it a knock. A few moments later Mr Jenkins answered the door. He wore nothing but a pair of tight black shorts. Nick immediately felt his cock getting hard as he admired the man before him. Mr Jenkins rippling abs glistened with sweat in the afternoon heat, his tight shorts leaving nothing to the imagination. Even soft, Mr Jenkins cock was clearly a monster. 

'Nick, you okay buddy?' asked Mr Jenkins, noticing Nick's zoned out expression. 

Nick was immediately snapped out of his trance. 

'Mr Jenkins, hey', said Nick 'sorry about that, I was in deep thought mode.'

'Ah, thinking about all the fun math we're gonna have this afternoon?' joked Mr Jenkins playfully. 

'Totally,' replied Nick rolling his eyes. 

Mr Jenkins laughed and beckoned Nick into the house. 

'Do you want anything to drink before we get started?' asked Mr Jenkins.

'You're eighteen right? I've got a few beers if you're interested.'

I'd like to lick all that sweat of your abs and fuck your ass thought Nick. 

'No, I'm good thanks', replied Nick. 

He had no idea how he was going to concentrate on work with Mr Jenkins looking like a like a Calvin Klein underwear model. 

Mr Jenkins took a seat next to Nick. Strong masculine odours emanated from Mr Jenkins body, as he sweated in the afternoon heat. The manly scent only made Nick hornier, and he was desperate to jerk himself of. This was going to be hell for him. The afternoon seemed to drag as Nick caught up on his work. Mr Jenkins had explained quite a lot to him over the last few hours. But Nick was taking in none of it. He was completely preoccupied with lusting over his beautiful teacher. But, Mr Jenkins had noticed Nick's preoccupied manner.

'You okay buddy?' asked Mr Jenkins 'you seem pretty out of it.'

Nick felt a pang of anxiety rush through his body, as he thought of something to say. What if Mr Jenkins realised that Nick was lusting over him?

'I'm good sir. Just need a bathroom break I think,' replied Nick. 

'Of course, it's just down the hall, second right, then just walk through the bedroom.'

'Thanks Mr Jenkins.'

Walking towards the bathroom, Nick tried to gather himself. He needed to calm down, or Mr Jenkins would realise something was up. As he walked through Mr Jenkins bedroom an open drawer caught his eye. Not trusting his eyes, he walked up to the drawer for a closer look. He couldn't believe it. The drawer was full of sex toys. Dildos, anal beads, vibrators, fleshlights etc. Did Mr Jenkins use them on himself? Had he used them on himself today? So many filthy images flashed through Nick's mind as he imagined Mr Jenkins using his toys. He was so caught up in his thoughts, that he didn't hear Mr Jenkins come into the room.

'See something you like?' asked Mr Jenkins, a crude grin on his face.

'Mr Jenkins!' said Nick startled 'I...I was just, um. The drawer was open and I...I'm sorry sir. I didn't mean to pry.'

'Relax buddy. We're both adults here,' said Mr Jenkins walking over to Nick. 'We all have our own ways of having fun.'

Nick laughed nervously.

'Yeah, to true.'

'So, what were you thinking about when I came in?' asked Mr Jenkins.

'Oh, I... I wasn't thinking anything really. Was just surprised, that's all,' replied Nick anxiously.

'Oh really? Then why is your cock hard as rock?' asked Mr Jenkins running his fingers over the large bulge at the front of Nick's trousers. 

Nick was completely taken aback. Mr Jenkins was touching his cock. What the hell!? Was he dreaming?

'I bet you were thinking me,' said Mr Jenkins continuing to caress Nick's bulge. 'Thinking of me, doing dirty things to myself. Am I right?'

Nick nodded his head, completely subdued at his teacher's touch. Mr Jenkins chuckled, running his fingers through Nick's thick hair. Clearly Mr Jenkins was interested, so Nick responded. He ran his fingers over Mr Jenkins sweaty pecs, stopping to caress Mr Jenkins erect nipples. Mr Jenkins body shuddered as the tingling sensation ran through his body. Moving closer, Nick began to lick Mr Jenkins nipples, swirling his tongue over the sensitive area. A throaty moan escaped Mr Jenkins lips as he closed his eyes and pressed Nick's face harder to his chest. This went on for about two minutes before Mr Jenkins decided to speak again.

'I'm gonna put on a little show for you Nick,' said Mr Jenkins 'make those dirty thoughts you had earlier come true.'

Nick grinned. 'I can't wait.'

'Choose something from the draw for me to use,' said Mr Jenkins slyly.

Rooting through the drawer, Nick pulled out a large black dildo and handed it to Mr Jenkins.

'I want you to fuck yourself with this,' said Nick excited.

Mr Jenkins chuckled and began to slip out of his skimpy shorts, exposing his muscled ass and big cock. Mr Jenkins shaft was easily 8 inches long. Hard as rock, the foreskin had been pulled back, exposing Mr Jenkins sensitive glands and fat purple cock head. Thick, bulging veins wrapped the solid shaft, whilst shaven black pubic hair adorned the base. Nick wanted to get his hands on Mr Jenkins cock so bad, but there was a how to watch first.

Mr Jenkins rubbed some lube around his ass hole, his hole was bright pink from overuse. He then, stood on his bed and squatted, his legs open wide. Placing the dildo upright underneath, him, he slowly began to lower himself onto the dildo. Inch by inch, Mr Jenkins ass swallowed the toy, his face a mix of pain and pleasure. Loud moans and whimpers filled the room as the dildo pushed past his throbbing prostate. Eventually, Mr Jenkins hole reached the base of the toy. 

Nick was already stroking his own cock. Mr Jenkins looked absolutely stunning. The man Nick had fantasized about so many times before, was now impaled on a dildo before him per his request. 

Mr Jenkins took hold of the base of the dildo, and began pumping it up and down in his hole. masculine roars emanated from Mr Jenkins as he fucked his ass with the dildo. His mouth dropped open as his prostate sent shockwaves through his body. It wasn't long before Mr Jenkins started whimpering Nick's name. 

'Nick, please Nick. Please fuck me. Fuck me raw!' begged Mr Jenkins. 

Nick couldn't believe what he was hearing. Mr Jenkins, begging like a dirty slut to be fucked. But, he was only to glad to oblige. Slipping of his remaining clothes he joined Mr Jenkins on the bed, pushing him onto his back. 'You're not gonna be able walk after I'm done with you,' said Nick wrenching the fat dildo out of Mr Jenkins abused ass.

To be Continued...