 Author's Note: I enjoyed writing this series... I hope that you enjoyed reading it =)

-----------------------------------

Sighing happily the Headmaster pulled his limp dick from Mr. Peterson's ass and slapped the firm cheek. Looking up he asked, "Would you like a try Cory?"

Cory stared at the pink, slightly gaping hole, his cock buried in Mr. Peterson's throat... for the moment.

Pulling out of Mr. Peterson's mouth, Cory walked around to where the Headmaster was standing. Mr. Peterson moaned and started to say something, but fell silent as the Headmaster smacked his ass again. Patting Cory's shoulder, he encouraged, "Go ahead, this is probably your only chance. I can't imagine Chad will allow himself to be caught again like this."

Realizing that the Headmaster was right, and also that he really really wanted to fuck Mr. Peterson, Cory excitedly lined up his dick with Mr. Peterson's anus. It was still slightly open, but much smaller than the head of his dick. Taking a deep breath, he pushed in.

Mr. Peterson sighed in a kind of reluctant contentment as Cory quickly filled him up. It was tight and wet with the Headmaster's cum... Cory began to thrust, quickly in and out of Mr. Peterson's ass. Over the past few weeks, as Mr. Peterson had introduced him to sex an pleasure, he hadn't even realized how much he wanted to take his pleasure directly from his teacher... but after that first time jerking him off, Mr. Peterson had always had Sam pleasure Cory while watched.

Cory suddenly realized what the Headmaster meant by tops and bottoms... he realized that he was mostly a bottom but he did like being on top sometimes. Like right now... knowing that Mr. Peterson was finally underneath him, and he was in charge! It was a rush like nothing else...

Picking up the pace, he started slamming into Mr. Peterson's ass, enjoying the tightness and the inner convulsions. Underneath them, the Headmaster was jerking Mr. Peterson off, and Cory smiled, knowing that Mr. Peterson was getting pleasure from being fucked by his student and protege. Coach Hamilton, Buck, Sam, several of the guys stepped up to watch Mr. Peterson's punishment, as he was taken by the student that he'd been keeping from them.

Hearing Mr. Peterson's moans, Cory realized that his teacher was as much of an exhibitionist as he was a voyeur, another hidden fetish. He personally felt a little shy with all these people watching, it was much different from having just Mr. Peterson watch. It wasn't enough to kill his hard-on, but it was enough to keep him from cumming.

Fucking harder and harder, the Headmaster suddenly announced, "He's cumming!" and Cory knew that Mr. Peterson was orgasming all over the desk in front of him. The teacher's ass clenched and rippled, pleasuring Cory greatly. Thrusting all the way in, Cory just held himself there to enjoy it... but he didn't cum. He just took into the sensations of Mr. Peterson's ass gripping him.

When the Headmaster stood again, Cory started fucking Mr. Peterson again, knowing that his teacher now had nothing to distract him from the fact that he was being fucked by his student. Cory remembered when he had cum, and Mr. Peterson had begun fucking him, the erotic experience and pleasures of just taking a dick in his ass. He hoped that Mr. Peterson was feeling some of that now.

Moving harder and faster, it became easier and easier to ignore their small audience, it wasn't as if other people in the room weren't doing their own thing. Only a few were watching him and Mr. Peterson.

Leaning forward, Cory ground his dick into Mr. Peterson's ass and then suddenly thrust rapidly several times. Gasping, he arched his back, pressing deep into Mr. Peterson's ass as he began to cum. Spasming a little, he filled Mr. Peterson's ass with it's second load of cum.

When he pulled out, Coach Hamilton smiled and patted his shoulder, "We're all about ready to go now. You'll be back tomorrow?"

Cory helped the Headmaster untie the moaning Mr. Peterson as he thought about it.

"Yes I think so," he said, as Mr. Peterson smiled at him. 

"I was going to bring you here eventually," Mr. Peterson told him, "I just wanted you to myself for a bit."

"That's ok," replied Cory, "I'm here now. And I didn't mind at all."