 The next day I was late, as we both expected. But about four minutes after I arrived, Sara came walking into class.

"Miss Thompson?" Professor Samuels asked.

"Yes Professor." She replied.

"Why are we late today?"

"I sort of over slept."

"No Sara, you did over sleep, not sort of."

"Yes Sir." Sara took her seat.

The bell rang after class and I sat there waiting for the Professor to ask me to stay behind, and he did. But he also asked Sara to remain after class too.

"I see I have two undisciplined students this year."

I looked down three rows and over four seats and saw Sara looking back up and over to me.

"Come with me you two." The Professor said as he walked into his private office. Sara and I followed.

"Jake, this is your third time being late," he said to me and then looked over to Sara. "And you Miss Thompson, you were late today and you didn't even show up the last two days."

"I'm sorry Professor Samuels." Sara said. I stood there silent.

"Well you both know the drill," he said walking behind his desk. "It's the third time for both of you, so the discipline goes up another notch. Might as well strip and get ready."

I looked at Sara and blushed. She was blushing too as she looked at me.

"Well I'm waiting." He said tapping the paddle in the palm of his hand.

I slowly unbuttoned my shirt and took it off. I watched Sara pull her sweater off over her head, she wasn't wearing a bra. Her tits were small but perky and looked firm. I undid my pants and kicked off my shoes and pulled my pants off. Sara unzipped her skirt and let it fall to the floor. She was wearing a tight pair of red lace panties that looked so damn sexy on her. I pulled down my underwear, revealing my hard cock and stepped out of them as Sara pulled off her panties to give me my first glimpse of her totally shaved pussy. We both stood there naked, side by side. I was looking down over her body, her little tits were round and firm and I imagined them in my hands. I bet I could cover her whole tit in the palm of my hand. I glanced down a little further and could just barely see her pussy lips. I looked up quick and saw her eyes fixed on my hard cock sticking straight out. I tightened my ass muscles and made my seven inch hard cock bounce up and down. I saw her smile.

"Against the table you two," Professor Samuels ordered. "Now who will be first?" He set the paddle down on his desk and placed a hand on each of our backsides and caressed our asses. 

"Why you are both so smooth and firm."

I looked over to Sara, she was looking at me. I saw a funny look come across her face. She was squinting her eyes and looked like she was in pain, but she was smiling too. Then I knew why, as I felt the Professor run his hand down my ass and a wet finger slid inside of me. I saw Sara's body begin to rock back and forth, and then so did mine as the Professor was finger fucking both of our assholes. I moaned softly as did Sara.

"I think the two of you need to be disciplined in a more controlled setting." He said. "Are you two willing to take a special discipline class I offer off campus?" He asked as he rammed his fingers up our assholes.

"Yes Professor." We both replied almost simultaneously.

"Okay then," the Professor said as he pulled his fingers from our assholes. "Let me prepare you for later then." I felt a swat on my ass. Then I heard the paddle strike Sara's ass with a sharp swat. Our asses were paddled six more times before the Professor sat the paddle back on his desk. I went to stand but felt his hand push me back down on the desk.

The next thing I felt was a cool liquid being smeared on my asshole and something being twisted and pushed inside me. In a few seconds, whatever it was had been inserted into my asshole and was lodged there with a flap pressing up against my butt cheeks. I glanced back and saw him insert the same thing into Sara's asshole.

"Stand up," he instructed us, we did. "This is what I have inserted into your assholes." He said holding out a four inch long butt plug. "It is battery operated by this little remote. The remote has a timer on it and it will record the minutes you have it turned on." He turned on the one in his hand and we watched as it rotated and then pumped itself up and then deflated. It then expanded in length about two inches and receded.

"You will keep those in your assholes until we meet for your special classes later today. I want you to turn them on at least once every hour for five minutes. Whoever has the longest recorded time will win a prize tonight. The loser will receive an additional discipline. Do you both understand?"

"Yes Professor." We again replied in unison.

Professor Samuels stepped in front of us. He placed one hand over Sara's shaved pussy and his other hand on my hard cock.

"And neither of you will touch yourself here for the rest of the day."

"Yes Professor." We both gasped.

We dressed and left Professor Samuels room. We didn't look at each other as we walked through the classroom and out into the hallway.