 "Can you teach me?" Kyle had asked quietly in earnest.

I didn't answer him the first time, or even the second. Eventually I managed to laugh and tell him no, but the question haunted me for a few days. It wasn't that I couldn't, I certainly knew enough and had enough experience to teach him what he wanted to know. For that matter, it wasn't even that I didn't want to. I could easily just spend an afternoon trying to tell him everything he might need, and then hope for the best. But there were two problems. Simply telling him would only go so far, only experience and practice would truly work. The other problem is that it meant revealing a lot of secrets about myself that, at least so far, I had managed to keep from my family and especially Kyle. 

I eventually made up my mind and found myself staring at the ceiling of our room, nervously fidgeting with a pen as I waited for Kyle to come home from some friends graduation party. My old room had been converted into an office when I moved out last year and most of my stuff from my dorm had simply gone into storage. Thinking of it now made me wonder what would happen to this room once Kyle moved out at the end of the summer. Maybe it would become a man cave, or some kind of workout room. Where would we stay next summer break? Kyle had gotten several acceptance letters, including one from my University so maybe together we could afford an apartment.

He came in sometime later and we talked briefly before he left to eat and shower. He at last returned, somewhat to my nervous delight, wearing only a towel. He was still wet from the shower and opted to sit on the edge of his bed and air dry. 

"So," I began a bit sheepishly, "I've been thinking and I'll help you, but I have a few conditions."

"Okay," he said slowly. "Such as..."

"Well, first of all you can't tell anyone. Ever. And I mean it. No one must ever know."

"That seems a bit extreme."

"That's my first condition."

He thought about it for a minute with a puzzled look, but I already knew what he would say. "Alright," Kyle said at last. "Fine, I'll do anything just so long as you help me. What are your other conditions."

I grinned at him mischievously and my nerves began to give way to excitement. If my suspicions were right, this was going to be an interesting summer. "First, and I can't stress this enough, no one must ever know. Second, you do what I tell you and follow my rules."

"Is that it?" He asked.

"Except for the rules, yeah that's basically it."

"Okay, seems simple enough. What's the big deal, anyway?"

I sighed, this was the part where it got complicated. "You'll figure it out," I said after a brief pause. "So basically, the rules for great sex are simple. Consent, intimacy, fun. Period." 

"That's it?" He rolled his eyes. "You know that's not what I meant."

"I know, but you need to know this if I'm going to help you." I took a deep breath and stood up. "Arousing a woman is simple, really. People make it more complicated than it really is. It's all about intimacy, and timing."

"Alright." He said. "So what does that mean?"

"Let me show you," I said and sat next to him on his bed. "Just relax and try to remember that I'm doing this to help you." I put my arm around his back and let my hand rest on his shoulder. "Its up to you to get a woman to this point," I began and ever so slowly started to move my fingers along the side of his neck. "You'll know when she's ready. She'll tell you, or you can always ask, but be prepared to be rejected."

I continued talking to him then for a few minutes until I felt the tension beginning to leave his body. I let him guide the conversation while I continued to gently brush my fingers along his neck. He jumped straight to the point with questions about arousal, fingerings, fucking, and the like. Despite my brothers excellent physique, he was always shy and had never gotten far with girls in school. As I talked, I couldn't help but take in his body, and not for the first time. He was almost a study in perfect definition. His toned arms and chest gave way to smooth abs that ended in that alluring 'V' shape that pointed invitingly into his towel. Everything I could see, and possibly touch, was smooth and hard but his skin was silky to the touch.. It was now or never, I guessed, so I traced my fingers slowly from the base of his skull all the way down his spine.

He shivered beneath my touch. "Shit," he whispered. Then suddenly he jerked his head to look me dead in the eyes. "What are you doing?"

"Relax," I grinned despite the fact that my heart was pounding in my chest. "I'm trying to help you."

He nodded and, to my surprise, he tried. To distract him I asked him about his last girlfriend. Kyle began to tell me about a somewhat cliche abortive backseat adventure that I knew had ended poorly for him. I'm not sure what overcame me then, but I gently grabbed the back of his head, pulled him into me, and kissed him.

I watched Kyle go through a gamut of reactions in microseconds. First he froze in shock, then quickly through panic to anger and back to shock again. He seemed to finally settle upon realization amd acceptance when then shrugged once quickly, closed his eyes, and began kissing me back. A shiver ran down my spine and I felt him wrap his arms around me. I don't know how long we were like that, it seemed longer than it was I'm sure, but I eventually broke the kiss.

"Oh my god," He said exasperated, releasing me from his firm grasp. "This is so wrong."

"I know," I sighed. "But I've wanted this for so long." 

"What?" He sounded genuinely curious rather than shocked.

I was glad for it, too. "Look at you," I blurted "You're practically a living breathing greek adonis. I can't help it, I used to feel so guilty for watching you, trying to catch you naked. I know it's wrong but when you came to me for help I saw a chance and I can't let it pass by."

"So... you're gay?"

"Not exactly," I laughed nervously. "I'm bi, but for the love of god you can't tell anyone."

He just grinned at me wolfishly for a bit. "I always wondered what you and Travis were doing in the treehouse."

"We always called it practice."

We both laughed then and all anxiety seemed to melt from the room. It was exactly what we needed. Content, we sat in silence for a time and enjoyed the moment.

Kyle was the first to break the silence. "How is this going to help me though?"

"It'll build your confidence and you'll have some experience so it won't be as awkward your first time."

"Confidence maybe," he shook his head. "But you're a dude. Just because we... you know did that, doesn't mean I"m going to be better at sex with woman.

"That's not entirely true," I nodded and gave him a knowing look. "You know that thing I was doing to your neck? Drives women crazy. The only difference is you have to take your time with women."

"Really?" He seemed incredulous. 

"Trust me," I said confidently and kissed him again.

This time he didn't recoil whatsoever but quickly grabbed the back of my head and pulled me tightly against his body. I melted in his arms a little and all other thoughts drifted away. I could feel him growing stiff beneath the towel. Emboldened by this I shot my tongue into his mouth experimentally and he grunted in surprise before quickly doing the same.

I broke away from his embrace eventually and shoved him backwards onto the bed. He grinned oafishly and offered little protest as I pulled the towel open. For the first time in our lives I had a completely unfettered and open view of his entire body. Our household was a modest one, unlike some families, and I had only ever seen brief glances here or there. The most I had ever seen was through a crack in the door as he changed. He had always been careful so that I had never I once seen him erect in my entire life. Now, standing between his legs admiringly, I decided it had been worth the wait. I leaned in and bit his neck gently, eliciting a short excited gasp from him. Moving downwards slowly I kissed along his collarbone then down his chest. I paused just above his nipple I looked up to see him watching me hungrily. I sucked his nipple into my mouth quickly and he gasped loudly, squirming beneath me. I moved to his other side and repeated my earlier performance to similar results, only by now he was gently moving his hips up and down grinding himself against me. 

I stood and told him to lay on the bed proper while I removed my shirt. He was quick to obey and I soon followed. I found myself between his legs again, now dressed only in my loose knit shorts, crawling slowly back up his body. I was careful to not touch him with anything other than my lips, kissing up the inner thigh of one leg, across his hip, to end just below his belly button. I dragged on hand along his other thigh while slowly gliding my tongue down the center of his abs to stop just short of the place where all the curves of his body seemed to end at the base of his shaft. 

I hovered just above him now staring down at the head of his perfect cock. I exhaled gently and his cock jumped once and released a clear bead like a drop of dew on a petal. I looked up to find him gripping the sheets tightly in anticipation, his eyes locked on mine. Without breaking the gaze I let my tongue dip gently down to lap up the first taste of my brothers pre-cum. He whimpered at my touch and thrust himself against me, his cock sliding against my cheek briefly.

"Not yet," I whispered and shifted my position to lay on the bed between his legs.

I turned my attention slightly lower this time and gingerly cupped his sack. It filled my hand and I was only a little surprised at the weight of his testicles. As far as I could tell we were built along similar lines. I carefully held them one at a time, as though examining them, grinned as Kyle groaned wordlessly. Seemingly in time with my every touch, his cock jumped and pulsed of its own accord oozing forth more pre-cum each time. He was rolling his hips in small rhythmic waves and it was clear to me he was struggling to contain himself. I gently sucked one of his balls into my mouth then and rolled it around with my tongue.

"Oh god," he moaned.

By now his pre-cum was literally running down his shaft in long rivulets and I figured he wouldn't be able to handle much more. So, I slid my tongue seamlessly from his sack up the length of his shaft all the while lapping his sweet and mildly salty nectar from him. I paused at his tip and looked into his eyes again. He nodded his head eagerly and stared down at me with a look I had never seen before; desire and need. He needed this as much as I wanted it. I didn't hesitate then and took his head into my mouth.

"Oh fuck," he gasped. His head jerked back and he instinctively tried to thrust deeper into my mouth. 

I expected it, however, and moved with him as best I could, keeping him from moving any further into me. Being his first time I knew he wasn't going to last long, but I didn't care. Somewhere I knew this was taboo, maybe even evil, but it didn't matter. At this moment I knew I loved my brother and I wanted nothing more than to please him. I grabbed his hips in my hands, took a deep breath, and swallowed all eight inches of him burying my nose into his pubes.

"Fuck," He yelled loudly. 

At the same time his hands shot to the back of my head. He shoved down with all his strength while using his legs to thrust himself against me, lifting us both from the bed. I grabbed his ass with my hands now and, somehow, I felt him penetrate deeper into my throat. I could feel my body trying to reject him, and I fought against it willing myself to take everything my brother could give me. Yet despite it all, waves of sheer ecstasy washed across me as Kyle grunted. I felt him expand within me and I knew this was the moment. I pushed against his hips trying to lift myself from him as much as I could, and as though he knew my intent Kyle cooperated by using my hair to pull himself out of my throat. Still in my mouth, I sucked in as much air as I could through my nose. In that moment we moved as one to violently fuck my throat in unison. I opened my throat to him and eagerly shoved myself down as he once again thrust his body up against my face, his hands shoving me as far down as he could. He cock expanded and twitched deep in my throat once more and I felt his sack tighten against his body. 

"Oh god," he grunted quickly. "I"m gonna cum."

He quickly pulled my head up allowing me another breath before he slammed into my throat again. All I could do in that moment was relax and let him use me. I opened myself to my brother, mentally and physically, and waited to be filled with him. Two, three times in rapid succession he pulled me almost all the way off his cock before stabbing his cock deep into me. Each time I felt him expand a bit more, each time I was certain would be the last. 

"Fuck, fuck," he panted. "I'm gonna cum. I'm gonna cum."

I gasped for air on every stroke but it didn't seem to be enough. Five, six, seven strokes and still I felt his cock jerking inside me. I briefly imagined suffocating on his cock and wondered how my death would be explained. At that moment though, I wasn't sure I cared. I needed this to the core of my being. I no longer cared about anything other than draining my brother of his seed. The eighth stroke proved to be the one. He let loose with a long, guttural, noise. This time he held me against him and I felt the first warm gush of cum somewhere deep within me. He pulsed several times in rapid succession and with each jerk of his cock I felt another warm gush somewhere in my core.

"Cumming," Kyle managed to whimper.

He pulled out somewhat then groaning and trailing cum the whole distance, allowing me to catch a short breath and swallow before he rammed himself into my throat again. Four more times he drove himself into me, pumping me full of his cum until at last it was nothing more than warm salty dribble on my tongue.

Kyle finally released his hold on me and slumped down into the bed panting. I held him in my mouth for a long time, gently stroking him with my tongue as he became completely limp. I eventually settled with my head on his leg, stroking his stomach, and watching him from beneath his cock. He gently stroked my hair and sighed. A warm satisfaction settled over us both then.

"I love you, Kyle." I said quietly.

"Love you too," he smiled and closed his eyes.

I closed my eyes and focused on the taste and the sensation of having had another man's cum in my mouth and sighed with satisfaction. This time it wasn't just anyone though.