 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sexual situations.

*

After Kelly graduated from college, she desperately wanted to move to the city, but her mother was hesitant to send her only child to the big city even if she was 23. However, she finally relented after Kelly suggested she live with her Uncle Rod and his long term boyfriend Luther. 

Kelly's mom liked the idea because it meant she wouldn't be a single girl by herself in the big city and she trusted both Rod and Luther to make sure she was safe. Her mother knew how gorgeous Kelly was, with tanned skin, long brown hair, a flat stomach and decent sized tits, and worried what would happen if some guy took advantage of her naivety and was glad Luther and Rod, two big and strong men, would be able to act as gatekeepers. Kelly liked the idea because it meant she could move to the city. 

Plus, it didn't hurt that Rod wasn't actually her uncle so it wouldn't be awkward if she wanted to party or bring a guy home. Kelly's mom and Rod had been friends since childhood. Everyone had thought they'd end up together but the plans obviously changed in their early 20s when Rod came out as gay. They remained friends and Kelly always affectionately referred to him as her gay uncle or "guncle" for short. 

She had known Luther almost as long as Rod. The two men could not have been more different. Rod was tall white and broad shouldered while Luther was short and African-American. You'd never know Rod was gay looking or speaking with him while Luther possessed all the stereotypical feminine traits. Despite their differences, they made a great pair and Kelly was excited at the idea of living with them. She was especially grateful because Rod hooked her up with a job with his old friend Kendra Carmichael, a partner at a law firm downtown. 

She moved in the spare bedroom in August and was having the time of her life. She went out to bars and clubs, sometimes by herself, sometimes with Rod and Luther. Her favorite nights were the frequent ones where they'd use Kelly as bait. The three of them would go out to a bar where the gorgeous Kelly would lure a guy over to the three of them. The two of them would use a variety of techniques but the night always ended the same. Some unknowing straight guy would come home with the 3 of them and end up getting fucked all night long by the two men while Kelly stayed in the other room. She wasn't sure exactly why, but she loved knowing she was partly responsible for a straight guy fucking around with 2 men. 

It was always interesting to see how the guys handled it the next morning. Some turned into lovesick puppies, wanting to follow Rod and Luther everywhere because they couldn't believe how good men could suck dick or how tight asses feel. Some denied anything sexual happened despite the fact that the guest would emerge from Rod and Luther's bedroom looking disheveled and Luther always unable to sit down comfortably. Kelly's favorite ones were the ones with girlfriends. More than once Kelly had witnessed guys sheepishly call their girlfriends to come pick them up and sneak away only to have Rod and Luther in short skimpy robes open the door and give a friendly wave. 

Once, one of the girlfriends was one of Luther's customers at the hair salon. She didn't love that her boyfriend had gone home with Rod and Luther but still listened when Luther gave her dick sucking tips that he has used to great success on her boyfriend the night before. 

They had fun running their game for several months before Luther abruptly packed his bags and left. Kelly was shocked so she couldn't imagine how Rod felt. They had been together for almost 17 years and one day Luther told him it was over. Rod locked himself away for almost a week before Kelly was able to convince him to confide in her the story. 

"I know it hurts, Rod. But I think you should talk about it."

"I can't." 

"I know, but it'll help."

"No it's not that. I want to tell you about it, but it's pretty graphic and you don't want to hear it."

"Rod," Kelly but her small hand on his big forearm, "I've helped you bring home guys to fuck. I think I can handle a story."

Rod sighed and told her the whole thing from the beginning. 

It turns out, Luther had left to be with one of the men they had seduced at the club. Marcus something, Kelly could barely remember him. Long before Rod and Luther had gotten in the business of seducing men together they came up with a few ground rules to preserve their relationship. 

First: straight guys only. Neither man was interested in a poly relationship so they thought by sticking to straight guys, there'd be no repeat visitors or anyone desiring a relationship with a man. This quickly proved to be incorrect as around 90% of the men they brought home ended up being in a same sex relationship shortly after. But, the men were usually in such deep denial it took a few weeks for them to come to terms with their newfound sexuality. 

Second: no one over the age of 25. Both men were in their early 50s and they thought this rule would both maximize the fun of the sex and decrease the chance of there being any feelings involved. 

Third: the most important rule, the only permitted sex act with one of the straight guys was Luther getting spitroasted. Rod was a top only and would never suck any dick or take it up the ass. The third party was always fucking either Luther's ass or mouth. This rule was Luther's insistence as he couldn't stand the thought of Rod bottoming for a man. But Rod had no interest in it so he was fine with it. 

"So," Kelly guessed. "Luther broke the rule with this guy?"

Rod buried his head in his hands. "No. I did."

"I'm confused."

"So, we brought this guy home. Marcus, remember? The one who played on the basketball team?" 

"Oh I know he looked familiar."

"Right. So we brought him home, thanks to you, and we bring him back to the bedroom and we strip him like we always do. And normally that's when Luther gets in there and starts blowing him. But, Kelly, this guy's dick... I mean, I've seen my fair share of dicks and, hell, mine's one of the bigger ones I've seen but Marcus... I couldn't help myself I just started sucking his dick. I've never seen one that big and dominant before. The rest of the night Luther and I took turns sucking him and getting fucked by him."

"Oh my gosh."

"The next morning Luther and I talked about it and I could tell he was different. He finally told me that he couldn't believe I had let another man dominate me like that."

"But he would do it all the time!"

"I know, but he said he liked me because I was a tough manly guy. But after watching me beg for cock he couldn't think of me like that anymore. He and Marcus have been together ever since because he told me Marcus would never be so weak to let another man use him like that."

"Rod, I'm so sorry. That's awful."

"It's all my fault."

"No, it's Luther's. He threw away all that over nothing."

"He's right, Kelly. I let myself get totally dominated and I never do that. A real man never would. I need to prove myself to Luther and get him back."

"Forget Luther. Move on."

"I can't! I was straight before I met him. I would have married your mom if he hadn't turned me gay!"

"Wait, you weren't always gay?"

"No! I met Luther when he was doing drag and thought he was a woman at first. By the time he told me he was already bouncing on my dick and I couldn't have cared less. No woman could ride me with such recklessness. I was hooked."

"Well, maybe you could go back to women?"

Rod shook his head. "I couldn't. I might have been straight before but I'm not anymore. It's Luther I need. I just need to prove to him I'm my regular dominant top-only self. Actually, I have to be even more dominant than before. That'll get him back." 

Kelly patted his shoulder. She wanted to stay longer but she had to be at work in 20 minutes. She told Rod they'd talk more tonight and bolted out the door. Work was boring, she was an executive assistant at a law firm, so it was mostly mindless work. Kelly did like that all the partners at the firm were women, a huge rarity among big firms. Even rarer, 4 of the 5 partners were lesbians. It felt pretty cool working at a place so progressive. At one point in the slow afternoon she was swiping through her dating apps when she got an excellent idea. She knew how to help Rod.

That evening she got home from work, hoping Rod would still be laying around the apartment. The couch was empty along with a bottle or two of whiskey. She called out to him. "Rod?" No response. She heard some noise coming from the private office off to the side of the kitchen. She opened the door. Rod was sitting at his desk chair facing his computer. The computer was responsible for the noise which, now in the room, was blaring the sounds of moans and groans. As she got closer to the screen she saw it was gay porn. It was older porn and as best she could tell seemed to be about a drag queen tricking a guy and then getting him to suck his dick. 

"That's fucking hot," she said as the queen whipped off his wig as he was fucking the once straight guy in the ass. 

"What the -" Rod whirled around was shocked to see Kelly standing there. Kelly was shocked to see that Rod was naked and was even more shocked when she looked down and saw all 8.5 inches of Rod's dick. It was at full attention and glistening. It was hard and thick all the way through widening a bit at the base. It must have been at least as thick as Kelly's dainty wrist. 

"Holy shit," Kelly said before quickly turning around. "I'm so sorry Rod. I - I didn't know, obviously. I had no idea."

"Fucking knock! You have to fucking knock," Rod said scrambling for something to cover himself with. 

"I know. I know I'm sorry," Kelly said quickly as she closed her eyes and looked up the ceiling.

"You can stop doing that. I'm covered now."

Kelly laughed as she looked back at Rod who was still nude except for a picture frame covering himself. She laughed as she realized it was actually a picture of her mother from a vacation they went on a few years ago. "I'm sure my mom would love being down there."

Rod smiled bashfully. "It was the only picture within arms reach."

Kelly let out a laugh at the absurdity of the situation. "I'm sorry, Rod. I didn't mean to walk in. I just got a great idea at work on how I think we can help turn things around with Luther and I didn't even think what you might be doing in here. Then I got distracted because that porn was seriously hot... But no excuses won't happen again."

"I know, I know. It's fine."

The two stared at each other for a second before Rod broke the silence. "So, this idea?"

"Oh, yeah. The idea. So, I was on a hookup app this afternoon at work and I realized that... But, wait, I just have to say this first. Holy shit, Rod. Your dick is huge. Do you know that?"

Rod laughed, "Never thought I'd hear those words come of your mouth. And, yes, I know. I think I've seen way more dicks than you ever will."

Kelly threw her head back laughing. "Fair point. Though I deserve some credit for helping you lure home guys. But, are you sure you don't want to go back to women? I'm sure my mom could make do with what you got going on."

Rod shook his head. "I'm sure. I'm sure."

"Bummer. But, my idea! I was looking through my matches and I realized, why don't we just run the bait and switch without Luther? You can pick one of the guys I match with and I'll bring him back here but then pass him off to you?"

"It would never work."

"Why not? It works in the club all the time?"

"It only worked because of Luther. He's so fem and a total bottom so he could start to confuse straight guys by dancing up on them and jerking them and sucking them. Even when we brought them back here. They'd take one end of Luther and I'd take the other. Straight guys will fuck anything and get their dick sucked by anything."

"Ugh, guys are gross. I should just become a lesbian."

"Something to think about. But turning a straight guy into a bottom is just too hard, I think."

"That's the point! It'll be harder and take longer, sure. But could you imagine Luther's reaction if you turned a straight guy into your bottom toy? Better yet, I could introduce him first to Luther as my boyfriend and then you could steal him from me! You want to talk about power and dominance, how about you turning a straight guy with a girlfriend into a bottom bitch!"

Rod raised his eyebrows before shaking his head. "I mean, yeah, that would be impressive and get Luther's attention, but I don't think it can be done." 

"Why'd you want to suck Marcus's dick so bad?"

Rod shrugged. "It was just so big and powerful and -"

Kelly cut him off. "Newsflash: your dick is also fucking huge and powerful looking." 

Rod smiled. "You know what, let's do it." He moved the picture and stood up. Kelly couldn't help but look and noticed all the talk had made him semi hard and he was definitely a shower, not a grower. Noticing she was staring she quickly looked away. "Considering you're gonna help me seduce your boyfriend, I don't think we exactly need to be modest with one another."

Kelly laughed and pulled out her phone and opened up one of the dating apps and Rod moved next to her. "Hey, I'm not gonna complain about getting to look at that monster. So these are the guys I've matched with, anything catch your eye?"

"Hm," Rod said as he scrolled through. "Too big and beefy. I like 'em small and scrawny."

"Twinks," Kelly added. 

"How do you know that word?"

Kelly rolled her eyes, "I watch porn sometimes, Rod. Two twinks going at it is the best kind." 

Rod laughed, "Exactly. Can't you filter by height?"

Kelly said, "I don't have any short matches. I like them tall!" The two looked through her matches before realizing there weren't any that were Rod's type. 

"I think we need to start from scratch. Let's build the perfect guy to turn gay and then work backwards. Age?"

"Between 23-25."

"That young? They could be your son!"

"That's part of it. We want someone young enough that they're horny all the time. Old enough to have some experience with women but young enough that they haven't had a ton. We need someone inexperienced enough to think that because I can make them come they might be gay."

"Okay, let's say age range 22-25. What about height?"

"Shorter the better. Like you were saying, if we want the guy to be scared of this thing," he said pointing to his now flaccid dick. "We want the biggest size differential possible."

"Some short guys have big dicks," Kelly offered. 

"True. But on average, shorter the guy the smaller the dick."

"Okay, so under 5'8?"

"Let's go 5'7."

"Okay, what other traits would the ideal one have?"

"Any submissive tendencies. Someone who talks about doing anything to please a woman. Shit like that."

"Oh that's a good one for me to know. I could bring a guy back here and tell him, 'It just means oh so much to me when my boyfriends jerk my gay uncle's dick!'"

"You might have to be a bit more subtle than that. Oh! Divorced parents or absentee dad."

"Fuck that's hot. We better get him to only call you his Daddy."

"Actually, we should. Luther would love that. Hm, what else. New to the area. The less people he knows the more time he spends he there more we can turn him into our plaything."

"Gotcha, so we're looking for a submissive, short guy with a small dick with no friends and daddy issues. This is not like the guys I normally go for."

"And cute. He has to be cute."

"Okay, let's see who meets the criteria." Kelly hit browse and a number of profiles came up. They swiped through dozens, seeing only a handful that both Kelly and Rod judged as cute enough. Of those, most immediately messaged something about wanting to fuck, which Rod said meant they weren't submissive enough. Only one messaged about an author Kelly messaged in her profile. He was short, slight and dark haired. He was perfect. They chatted for a while more with Rod prompting her to ask him questions. His name was Chris and he had just moved to the area for work after graduating college and didn't have any family or friends within a few hundred miles. And, maybe most exciting to Rod, he grew up with just a single mother and no father in his life. Kelly swore she saw Rod starting to get hard after Chris messaged that. After they made plans to meet up that Friday Kelly and Rod closed the app and celebrated. 

"That was easy!" Kelly laughed.

"That was the easy part. Honey, you're gorgeous he was always gonna agree to a date with you. Now, comes the hard part. Turning him into a little faggot cocksucker."

Kelly laughed as she poured them each a glass of wine from a bottle she retrieved. She passed one to Rod and held her glass in the air, "To turning this straight boy into your bitch boy!" Rod laughed as they clinked their glasses together. 

They laughed some more as they sipped their wine. "I do feel a bit bad. What will happen to him after we turn him?"

Rod shrugged. "He'll be a young, cute bottom in a city. He'll be all right."

"I know, but I feel bad if we just kind of abandon him. That doesn't seem right."

Rod sighed. "Kelly, I'm not ending up with him, I'm going to get back with Luther."

"That's my point! You feel this connection with Luther because he's the man who turned you gay and ruined women for you! You'll be that man for Chris. He won't be able to let you go."

Rod conceded she had a good point. Suddenly, he raised his eyebrows. "I have an idea. But first, we have to get supplies."

That night Rod and Kelly hit the mall to big up the items Rod thought would be necessary. Kelly was confused when they went to the men's section of the store but were looking at clothes that were far too small for Rod to fit in.

"They're for you, silly."

"Me? Why do I need boxers and athletic shorts and, most of all, a suit?"

"We have to start fucking with his head by blurring the lines between male and female." Rod said as he tucked Kelly's long brown hair up and put a baseball hat on top. As he held a pair of athletic shorts and short sleeve shirt in front of her in front of a mirror. "See? Boy or girl?" Kelly smiled at Rod's deviousness. 

After buying an assortment of clothes, the two left the mall, but instead of heading home, they went in a different direction.

"Where are we going? It's almost 11, I'm sure all the stores are closed."

"Not this store," Rod said with a grin.

A few minutes later they pulled into a seedy looking grey building with blacked out windows. A rundown sign in front of the building read, "Ty's Erotica."

"Is this a..."

"Sex shop? You know it." Rod said grabbing her wrist and pulling her inside. 

"Rod!" boomed a man's voice as soon as they entered. "Long time no see. Where's Luther? Oh," he said noticing Kelly for the first time. "I see your tastes have changed since our last visit. Shame."

Rod laughed, "No, no change here. This is my.. Well, I don't know. Not niece?"

"I'm his fag hag," Kelly chimed in. 

Rod laughed again, "Where'd you pick that one up, country girl?"

"We've been in gay bars every weekend since I moved here. You learn a thing or two in there."

The men laughed. "So," Ty said. "What'll it be?" 

"Well, my fag hag here is in the market for a strap-on."

"Ah, I see. I should have guessed, lesbians make the best fag hags."

"Oh, I'm not a lesbian."

"No?"

"No," Rod chimed in. "Kelly and I are looking to turn out a straight boy together and I think a strap-on might help."

"Turning out a straight boy?" Ty seemed suddenly very interested in Rod and Kelly. "How'd he find you? How do you know he's actually straight?"

Rod gave a mischevious grin. "We found him. He doesn't know he's going to be turned out. Kelly, here, has to convince him." 
