 I drifted through the night in the easy sleep of the dreamer, content and happy if only for a short time. It was still dark when I woke, the still night air chill against my skin, my head resting on the smooth soft skin of well defined abs. I reveled in the feeling for a time loathe, to move and end the illusion. Slowly, but inevitably, the events of the previous evening trickled into awareness. When I finally opened my eyes I saw only the flaccid shaft of my brothers cock emerging from the small well maintained tuft of blond pubic hair. Staring down at his cock I could almost feel him gushing cum into my throat again.

Guilt.

I shot from bed flooded with panic and shame when it finally came to me. I threw on a shirt and shorts nearly ran down the hall to the bathroom, my feet thudding all too loudly in the pre-dawn emptiness of the house. I brushed my teeth first, the taste of his cum lingering only faintly now, but it nevertheless remained as immediate proof and reminder of last night. It didn't seem to make a difference. I splashed cold water in my face in a somewhat successful attempt to clear my mind. What had I done? 

I felt like I was hung-over but without the benefit of having been drunk first. I wanted to be sick, I knew I probably should be, but it never came. This wasn't the first time I'd woken up on a naked body of some description or another, and while it only occasionally caused me some regret, this was different. This time it was my brother. As though it wasn't enough that I had to carry the shame of being bi whenever I returned home to our conservative family. Always hiding behind the tired old facade assembled with the bricks of my parents expectations and a lifetime worth of lies. Now I lay down the foundations for a new wall of lies, only this time the precarious structure would also ruin Kyle should it ever fall. I took advantage of Kyle last night, I preyed upon him and allowed my own lust to consume us both. I had chosen for both of us, I had taken advantage of him, essentially raped him, and it could mean disastrous things for Kyle. Things that would be my fault. I had to contend with the fact that I was some kind of incestuous predator, forever. I knew that from this moment on, I could only ever see him from between his knees, looking up into his eyes as his cock filled me. Nothing would be the same.

What would happen if someone found out? What would our parents think? What would our friends think? We would become pariah, by choice if not by force. Our parents would disown us and we would be cast into the street as perverts, deviants to be tormented and shamed wherever we went. It would be one thing if I was outed, people would understand, maybe even our parents, but this was something entirely different. We'd have to give up our lives and move to somewhere no one knew us, maybe thousands of miles apart from each other and our family because no one would ever accept us. Would they, could they possibly accept incestous brothers?

Somehow during all my panicking I had found my way downstairs to the kitchen and started making coffee. The sun had begun to rise and the entire house would be up soon. There wouldn't be any more sleep for me this morning, I was certain of it. 

"You're up early," Mom said as she entered the room.

"Yeah," I cleared my throat. "Fell asleep early last night, I'm still trying to catch up on sleep."

She nodded and poured herself some coffee. 

I tried to act nonchalant, normal, but somehow I felt she knew. She couldn't have known, but it didn't matter. I still wasn't able to look her in the eyes, and try as I might if I stayed around her for too long she would suspect something. I started to leave when I heard her behind me.

"Dad and I are going to run into town this morning, you boys need anything?"

"No, thanks though." I sighed relieved that she apparently had no more interest in early morning conversation than I did. 

Kyle was already awake when I opened the door, though he was still naked and idly touching his morning wood. He looked to me and I tried to meet his gaze, found I couldn't, studied the woodgrain in the floor instead. He just shrugged and continued to idly touch himself. He didn't even attempt to cover himself when I came in. We never used to be those siblings, those kids that were just comfortable being naked around each other. Our family was just too conservative, too repressed for that. Apparently I had also sucked out all his modestly last night. 

"This is just awkward," he said at last with a grin.

"Sorry," I tried, pitifully. "Just forget about it."

"I don't think I can."

"Seriously, just forget about it."

"I don't know." He shrugged. "I mean you just gave me my first blowjob, and probably the best orgasm I've ever had. How can I possibly just forget that? Besides you're the only one I can talk to about any of this, Its not like I can call up any of my friends and be like 'hey guess what? I just nutted in my brothers throat!'"

"Jesus, not so loud! Mom and Dad are awake." I shook my head and sat down on the edge of my bed. 

"I don't even know what to think anymore," he continued on as though I hadn't said anything. "I mean holy shit that was, by far, the best fucking nut of my life. Seriously. And I like girls, I know I do, or I think I do. But now this gay shit, and what does that mean? Am I gay now? What the fuck?"

"No, that's not how that works. I shouldn't have taken advantage..."

"Taken advantage? Of who? It's not like you forced me to jam my cock down your throat. I wanted it, Ryan. God you felt so good, and I want more. No I need more."

"What?"

"You heard me, I can't stop thinking about it. I need more. I need you. I need to be inside of you, and somehow, I want to repay you for what you've done."

I just stared in disbelief for what seemed like eternity. All the guilt and fear I had built within me suddenly welled up within me again.

"Are you fucking crazy?" I struggled to keep my voice down. "I've been pacing the kitchen in a terrified panic all morning and you're up here fucking fantasizing about me? Are you fucking serious? You know how fucked up this whole thing is? And What if someone finds out? You know what will happen then?"

Someone knocked on the door then and we both locked our eyes on the door and froze. "Is everything alright in there?" It was dad.

"Yeah," Kyle blurted out. "Everythings good."

"Okay, just keep it down. We're headed out, there's leftovers in the fridge for lunch. Just, call us if you need anything."

"Okay, bye!" We both said in unison. We waited until we could hear the car pulling out of the drive before either of us spoke again.

"I can't do it again," I said. "Its wrong."

"Why not? I'll blow you if that's what you want. I mean, I want to, I feel like I owe you and I want to try it. I can't stop thinking about last night, about what you did to me and now what I want to do to you. Am I turning gay?"

"No," I sighed. "Not unless you think you are."

"What the fuck does that mean?"

"No one gets to tell you if you're gay, bi, straight whatever. Its up to you," I shrugged and finally let out a long sigh. 

It felt like I had been holding my breath for days. I guess it was actually sort of a relief to talk with him. I mean, he could have been angry or ashamed or any number of things. Instead it seemed as though I had awakened a new curiosity and excitement within him; certainly not what I had expected.

Kyle moved to sit next to me and let out a sigh of his own. Eventually he shook his head and said, "I don't really know any more, you know what I mean?" He looked at me and I nodded, I honestly knew exactly what he was going through. "I mean, I've fantasized about it a few times before, usually one of the guys from school, but I never once imagined I'd actually, you know, do anything."

"I know," I said. "I jerked off to the guys in porn about as often as I did to the women, and I never told anybody. You're really the first person I've ever told," I laughed then. "I mean, aside from a couple of the guys I've been with. You're the first person that I really know, really trust, that knows. Not even my girlfriends knew. Hell, some of the guys I hooked up with didn't even 'know'. I mean, it's weird. You would think it would be obvious, one guy fucking another, but somehow it seemed like, if I didn't say it, it wasn't real and you're not gay. I spent so long denying it, and even now I still feel like sometimes I'm lying to myself. There's no easy answer. Either you're straight or you're not and either way what fucking difference does it make?"

"I don't know. I guess it doesn't," he sat up a little and smiled at me then. "It was just so fucking good that I'm still excited, like I need to run outside and shout it out. But I'm scared, too. I don't want other people to think differently of me. And we definitely can't tell anyone about us, they just wouldn't understand."

"I'm here for you," I said softly. 

Kyle leaned in abruptly and kissed me then. I tried to pull away but he grabbed my hair and pulled me into him. I felt the heat of his naked body through my clothes. I could feel his erection and was amazed at how hard he was already.

"No," I managed to break away from him at last. "Kyle stop. I can't."

"Why not?" He asked and used his free hand to trace the thin line of blonde hair on my stomach down to my waistband. "It's too late now."

"You're my little brother."

"You're my big brother," He kissed me again and groped my now completely hard cock through the thin material. "That didn't stop you last night."

I tried to stop him, tried to push him away, but all my guilt was quickly evaporating despite myself. "Its incest," I gave voice to our sin. 

He kissed me again and pushed me backwards onto the bed. "I don't care anymore." 

He wanted me, and for the moment, it seemed there was nothing I could do to stop him. He crawled onto the bed between my legs and pressed his mouth against me hard, hungrily. I kissed him back, probing him with my tongue and I felt his whole body shake with excitement. I dug one hand into the hair at the nape of his neck and ran the other down his bare back until eventually it came to rest on his hip. . He broke the kiss then and pressed both hands into my chest as he sat up on his knees. He slid them down my body then until he came to my waistband for the last time. Holding onto my shorts he stood then and began pulling them off. I gave in completely then, planting my feet firmly on the floor and thrusting my hips up. He wasted no time kneeling between my legs, one hand holding my hip, the other seizing my cock firmly. 

"Don't," I panted weakly,

He just grinned briefly and began taking all eight inches of my cock into his mouth.

"Oh shit," I managed as all my air escaped me. It had been a long time.

He tried but only made it about halfway before he gagged roughly and recoiled away, dragging his teeth painfully against my shaft as he did so. I jerked instinctively and yelped.

"Sorry," He grinned stroking my cock gently.

"Just take it easy," I said reassuringly. "More tongue, less teeth, and take your time. It's not like my cock won't be here later."

"Oh really?" He said and licked at my balls. "I thought you didn't want to do this anymore."

"Really." I panted and tried to focus. "We can worry later, just shut up and suck my dick."

He smiled, took a deep breath, and I watched as this time he curled his lip over his teeth and took my head into his mouth. He managed to get a little further this time before he lifted his mouth almost completely off my cock. He slid his hand down my shaft to my balls in perfect synchronization with his mouth and cupped them gently, I moaned and closed my eyes then, letting my head fall to the bed. He was learning quickly, and I decided to just let him have the moment. I could always give him pointers later.

I started to lose myself in him. My world shrank until nothing was left except the hot, wet embrace of his mouth. He moved slowly for a while, taking me just a little deeper every time. I felt the tip of my cock just barely graze the back of his throat and the sudden pressure of his gag reflex kicking in once again. He kept it nearly silent though and tried again. The second time I felt almost a popping sensation, perhaps completely imagined, as my head slipped entirely into his throat. It wasn't long before he managed to touch his lips to the base of my shaft with only a minimal gag though, surprisingly, he held it there for a long moment and then forced me even deeper into him.

"How am I doing?" He asked pausing to take a short breath.

I open my eyes and saw in him then a sort of pride and need for validation as he stroked my cock. "So good," I grinned. "I can't believe you've never done this before."

"Me neither," He said and buried my cock in his throat again.

He developed a methodical rhythm then, steadily swallowing my cock while fondling my balls. I moaned wordlessly and felt my hips slowly gyrating upwards to meet him. There was no longer any thought in my mind, only the extreme lust of watching my cock disappearing into my brothers mouth. I couldn't last any longer.

"Oh my god, Kyle stop," I moaned. "I'm going to cum."

He took my cock out of his mouth only long enough to blurt, "Thats the point," and then stabbed me back into his throat.

"Oh my god," I groaned and the first spurt of hot cum flowed from somewhere deep within me. 

It felt as though it was being pulled through me by the sheer force of his mouth alone. I could feel the stream of it as it made its way through my body to the head of my cock in quick pulsating waves. I grunted worldessly when it finally left me and hit his tongue. He coughed then but never let his tongue leave my cock. I lost myself for a moment and tried to thrust myself deep into his throat as several times more I pulsed my hot cum into him. Still he continued sucking me, long after I had stopped cumming.

"Oh god," I panted and tried to push him away.

He stopped at last and eventually I realized my eyes were closed. I opened them with an effort and glanced down to see my cum all over his face and dripping from his mouth. He grinned coyly at me and began cleaning off my rapidly softening cock. When he had finished swallowing all he could find he crawled into the bed next to me and idly stroked my flaccid dick. The last thing I heard before I drifted to sleep was his voice whispering in my ear,

"I love you Ryan."