 I'd spent numerous evenings over the past couple of years, down at the local art college as a life model. The courses usually started in the winter, when I would arrive and pose fully clothed for a semi-circle of students, who were armed with pencils, charcoal, and oversized sketch-books.

As the seasons warmed through winter, spring, and into summer, I would, in turn, lose my jacket, sweater, button-down shirt, and chinos. Finally, as their exam piece at the end of the course, they would set up their easels and materials and, at the appointed time, I would stride into the middle of the room completely naked. My manhood wasn't monstrously huge, but in its semi-erect state, it was certainly enough to raise a few eyebrows and elicit a few giggles from the more easily embarrassed ladies in the room. 

While I had to pose quite still for a couple of hours, it was relatively easy to maintain a decent (or indecent!) level of arousal. Even if there weren't any real hotties amongst the students, their lecturer, Jake, was enough to write home about. He was always clean-shaven, had perfect teeth, and a well-worn gym membership card. He was married to a lovely woman and had a daughter who had just started primary school - but he couldn't resist a little steam in the storeroom on a Wednesday evening. I wasn't the gentle type, but he loved how I dominated him physically. He must have got hundreds of splinters off that old cutting table in there, and his wife must surely have wondered about them, but he never complained.

We had reached the penultimate week of the course, in which the students drew me in a standing position wearing only my bulging briefs. I kept catching the eye of a young lad over on the left. Adam had moved to the area this academic year for university, and had taken up the life drawing course as he thought it might help him on his game design degree, in gaining a better sense of perspective of the human form. He was 19, quite short, but beautifully built. His face usually looked away when one made eye contact, but his eyes would often flicker back after a moment or two. It was somehow arousing, a shyness in his demeanour exposing a deep vulnerability in his soul. Thank God I was wearing the underwear which was slightly too small for me, as my cock throbbed and strained desperately against its cotton restraints. 

When class finished, Jake had made sure that the students knew what to expect for their assessment the following week, and dismissed the class. When the room was empty, he came into the storeroom where I'm supposed to get changed, and found me nearly bent-double with lust.

He looked at me worriedly for a moment, started to speak, but got no more than a couple of words out before I slammed him backwards against the door, my mouth on his, hands everywhere and thoughts nowhere. I could process nothing other than my need to fuck. My briefs dangled around one ankle as I couldn't wait long enough to take them off completely. Jake tried to protest as I ripped his shirt open, fumbled at his belt, and finally shoved his jeans down his legs without undoing any of the buttons. He didn't wear underwear, which at least took a step out of the process. 

The lube was still in the same place from last week, at the back of the shelf. I cleared the area of brushes and water beakers with a frenzied swipe, grabbed the bottle, greased up and twisted him over the wrecked wooden table. 

Hard as marble and big as I'd ever managed, my cock cracked his arsehole on the first thrust. He whimpered, trying not to cry out at the unexpected ferocity of my entry. My hand covered his mouth so tightly it forced his head back while my other arm was locked around his torso to get a good grip. His jaw clenched with every thrust, and after a minute, my hand started to become wet with his tears. I felt like a wild beast trying to fuck a lesser member of my pride into submission. It was unbelievable. 

After a minute or so, my eyes closed, I lifted my head, and I pictured Adam. Young, fresh, vulnerable Adam. Jake's ring was so tight, and the thought of doing the same to Adam pushed me over the edge. I struggled to quieten my grunts as my balls tightened and I unloaded stream after stream of my hot cum into the shocked but submissive Jake. As I said, I'm not a gentle man at the best of times, but this was well beyond my usual levels of dominance.

I pulled out, satiated and exhausted, letting Jake's tense and abused body fall on to the splintered surface. I staggered backwards, and fell in a heap on an old chair and nearly fell through it. Jake paused where I'd left him for a moment, before raising himself up with his arms, turning around, and looking at me with uncertainty in his eyes.

"Whoa." he said, matter of factly, spreading his hands out in an enquiring gesture.

"Who's the boy?"

"The boy? In the class? Adam?"

"Adam."

"You know about as much about him as I do."

"I need him."

"How do you mean?"

"I need him. I need to fuck him."

"Can't happen. Firstly, I don't even know if he likes guys, and secondly, I'd lose my job."

"It'll have to happen outside of here then."

"Yeah, right, and how are you going to make that work."

"You've got access to their student records."

"Data Protection and all that..."

"You've got to send off their certificates at the end right?"

"I guess so."

"Then write them up tomorrow, copy down his address and text it to me."

"Fucksake Vik, isn't all this enough?" - He gestured around the room.

"I need him."

"Fine. You bloody owe me though."

"Whatever it takes."

---

Lunchtime the following day, I got the text. Adam lived only a couple of blocks from the college, but he went to University in the next town. I cruised around in my car looking for him, and as luck would have it, I saw him ahead just as a huge black storm cloud was sweeping in across the sky. I drew level, pulled over, and beeped my horn. Adam hesitated for a moment and came to the open window.

"What's up?"

"I just saw you walking towards that raincloud and figured I'd offer you a lift seeing as I'm heading back to town. I assume you live somewhere around the college?"

"Yeah, a couple of blocks away."

"Jump in."

Adam looked away down the street at the oncoming storm, looked at my car, looked again at the cloud, and figured that chancing it with me was probably a better bet than definitely getting soaked with all the tech in his backpack. He went round to the passenger side and got in.

"So you're new to the area huh?"

"I guess." he shrugged.

"Where am I taking you back to?"

"My apartment on Guildmore Road if that's alright. If it's out of your way, the college would be fine too."

"Guildmore's only a couple of minutes from mine."

"Okay - thanks."

He turned the stereo up a little and complimented me on my choice of tunes, but largely I was the one who had to keep the small talk flowing on the way home. I asked him about himself, where he'd come from, what he was doing on his course, and how he'd ended up here. It was the last bit which gave me what I needed.

"So how come you've ended up a couple of hundred miles from home, living by yourself?"

"My parents are mega religious and didn't like what they found under my mattress. They pretty much kicked me out - but I already had my place at Uni, so I only had to sofa surf for a couple of weeks."

"What - you into demon worship or something?"

"You'd think so to ask them. Man worship is closer to the mark. The joke is that, while I know that I'm gay - I haven't even had a boyfriend - yet I'm persona non gratia at home because of it."

"You're gay?"

"Yeah. You sound surprised, but don't look it."

"You're a hot lookin' lad. I guess I figured you'd be surrounded by girls."

"Nah. I'm too shy to be surrounded by anyone really."

We pulled up in his road, and located his block of flats. I tried my luck.

"You wanna carry on this conversation? I've got nowhere to be."

Adam shrugged again, but looked hopeful. I parked up, and we both got out of the car. We walked up the path to the door of the block and he paused.

"It's more of a bedsit than an apartment really. I'm not too tidy either."

"Hey, it's cool. I'm the same."

We entered the building, went up to his front door, and he unlocked it, trembling slightly. He wasn't joking about the mess, and the room wasn't exactly spacious to start. He cleared the stuff on the sofa off on to his single bed, and invited me to sit down while he made drinks.

"I'm sorry, I don't really do hot drinks." he said,

"That's fine - what have you got?"

"Uhh, water, cola, stuff like that."

"Got anything stronger?"

"Aren't you driving?"

"I can walk back to mine from here. I just want to see you loosen up a bit."

"I've got some vodka we could mix with this cola?"

"Sounds good to me."

He poured the drinks, downed his, made another, and brought them over to where I was sitting. He sat beside me on the sofa, as it was the only place to sit other than on his bed or on the floor.

"Is this normal?" he asked.

"What, being gay?"

"No - the life model going home with a student?"

"Not really - or if it is, it's my first time at least."

"So what's the deal here?"

"You haven't sussed it out yet?"

"I'm not great with subtlety" - his eyes were still focussed on the wall ahead, and he hadn't let go of his drink.

I spread my arms across the back of the sofa and grinned. I'd had a semi since I'd spotted Adam in the street, and by the time we'd got to this stage, it had evolved into a huge hard-on. I was having trouble restraining myself, but if he'd never been with a man before, this was going to take some patience.

"Subtlety isn't exactly my strong suit, Adam." I said, as I gently but firmly took hold of the wrist of his free hand. He resisted a little as he tried to work out what I was doing, then flinched as I placed his hand over my bulging trousers. His eyes were still fixed on the wall.

I kept hold of his wrist, as I used his hand to rub myself. Adam made some serious inroads into his second drink, and I used my free hand to down mine. I eventually let go of his wrist, and he carried on rubbing me as I made more drinks. We barely said anything to one another, as we began to sync on to the same wavelength. I could feel that he wanted it, but he still hesitated, as one would with anything new. 

I dropped my arm down from the back of the sofa and curled it around his shoulder, and we sat like that for a while, drinking and with him feeling the extent of my arousal.

The next bit took me by surprise. He put down his drink, and looked at me while biting his lip. He looked terrified, flinched a couple of times as if he was cold, then lunged forward, grabbing my head and kissing me deeply. I kissed him back, at first remaining still, making sure he wasn't about to pull away, then pulling him close to me with my arm around his torso, and the other hand on his crotch. He'd crossed a line somewhere in his head, perhaps it was the vodka, but he was ready, and I was aflame with lust. 

I broke the kiss and made eye contact. I was often a brute, certainly, but I wasn't a monster. Our breathing was laboured and intense, our hands didn't stop touching each others' bodies.

"Are you sure you want this?"

"Y-yeah. Oh God yeah."

"I'm not gentle, but I'll try not to hurt you too badly."

"I want it. I want you to ruin me."

"I thought it was your first time?"

"It's my first time, like, not by myself."

I paused for a second before realising what he meant. It was his first time with a man, but not his first time being filled. Solid rubber could only satisfy a person so much before they craved the organic pulsing organ of a fellow human being. God, this was going to be fun. He was still looking at me, trying to work out whether I'd understood, and I answered by tearing his shirt off. There was no room for misunderstandings now. We both knew each others intentions - the drink had rid him of his shyness, and my dominant side was starting to exert itself. 

My hands groped up and down his front as I tried to undo his trousers and what remained of his shirt. He tried to undress me in return, but I batted his hand away with some force - a gesture which he seemed to understand. I jumped up to pull off my own clothes and he looked at me, wordlessly asking permission to shed what garments remained. As I yanked my shirt off over my head, I grunted the word "off", and in moments he was completely naked. My clothes were strewn across the floor, and I stood there appreciating his smooth young body for a moment, my cock straining the elastic of my black briefs.

Adam's hand moved to his own member, starting to touch it gently, then moving faster and with more conviction. He still looked scared, yet hungry at the same time - his eyes fixed on my package. I strolled slowly back to the sofa, took his hand from his crotch and placed it on my own. He sat up, moved his hand to one side slightly, and pressed his face against my cotton covering. He moaned slightly as he rubbed his face all over it, feeling how hard I was.

"So the boy wants to be ruined eh?"

"Yes."

"Yes WHAT?"

"Yes... Sir?"

"That'll do nicely. Stand up."

He stood, still biting his lip, and looked up into my eyes. I placed a hand on his chest, and we made out for a minute or two before I grabbed his hand and shoved it down my briefs. He grasped my shaft and manipulated it keenly, and I started to lose my self-control. If he wanted me to tear him to pieces in a sexual frenzy, he was going the right way about it!

"Take them off."

He started to pull down my briefs, and I shoved him away hard. He fell to the floor, his back hitting the sofa.

"With your teeth."

Comprehension dawned on his beautiful face as he got up on to his knees, kissed my stomach, then carefully took the elastic in his teeth and worked my underwear slowly down my legs. Once they were round my ankles, I kicked them off to God knows where, and stood over the eager boy.

"You know what to do with one of these?" I asked, wiggling my hips a little to make my erection bounce around in front of his face.

"Yes Sir."

"You'd better show me then."

Adam had a little smile as he almost leaped at my pole, which virtually disappeared down his throat. The sensation was phenomenal. If this was his first time doing this too, then the boy had a serious talent. I suspected he'd been practicing, but struggled to keep any thoughts at all straight in my head as his lips and tongue touched all the right places. I could only bear it for a minute before I had to stop him. I pushed him away as I tried to regain my composure, ready for the main event.

"You're so fucking good."

"Thank you Sir."

"Time for your reward."

His eyes lit up, yet his face also displayed the unmistakable fear of the unknown. He stood, then turned his back to me, waiting. I wanted to make sure he was having a good time of it too (as he might be regretting his decision shortly) so I walked up behind him, my erection pushing up against his smooth buttocks, reached around to hold him with one arm, then used the other to grasp his own hard-on. I kissed his neck, touched his nipples, and listened to his gentle moans as I brought him to the edge, then let him fade a little. 

"Last chance." I murmured in his ear.

"I know... Sir." he whispered in reply.

I maneuvered us both over to the bed, and bent him over. I grabbed the lube out from the pocket of my discarded jacket, knelt down, and parted his cheeks as if carrying out an inspection. Sure enough he was a consenting adult, but his body was hairless like a boy's. Any hair which had grown, he had shaved off. He was smooth and delicious all over, and he was mine to use as I pleased. 

I lubed us both thoroughly (no point in causing more pain than is necessary), then, holding his buttocks apart with my hands, I moved forwards, parking my glistening dick up against his virgin asshole. I moved a hand to my rod, to help me gain access. He seemed to know what to do, and relaxed a little to assist.

I went in bareback. Oh God he was tight. The sound of his teeth clenching and his involuntary little yelp at the point of entry were music to my ears. I moved slowly at first, carefully feeding my entire length into his hole until my balls were touching his. I stopped there for a moment while I leaned forwards and played with his nipples.

"You're mine now."

"Yes Sir." he replied through his still-gritted teeth.

I grasped his hips tightly, then started to rock my own, withdrawing my cock and pushing it back in, without removing the tip at any point. Within next to no time at all, I had gone from giving this poor lad an easy start, to ploughing him like a wheat-field. He couldn't remain quiet, and his body juddered intermittently in a crazy combination of pleasure and pain. I slammed in to him over and over, listening to his yelps and watching the constantly changing expressions on his face. I could feel him loosening up as his sphincter gave up resisting against my onslaught and wrapped my arms around him, yanking him towards me with every stroke. If I closed my eyes, all I could see was his flawless body and innocent face, that moment he lay naked on the sofa waiting for me. The perfect storm built within me, and I couldn't hold back as my balls pumped wad after wad of hot sticky sperm into his body. Finally, I pulled out and flung myself backwards at the sofa - spent.

Adam took a few moments to recover, then limped off to check himself over, leaving me to recover on the sofa. He came back a couple of minutes later with a glass of water, and what I assume was a couple of painkillers. He chucked them down wordlessly and knelt in front of me. I hesitated before looking into his eyes, in case I saw betrayal, in case it was beyond what he'd been prepared for. When I did look, there was only that beautiful face, biting his lip again, looking at me imploringly. We didn't need words. I leaned down and kissed him tenderly, then between us we gathered our clothes together. We each got dressed, and as I went to leave, he came to the door, I turned, and I stroked his cheek. We knew it had to happen again. 

This was the start of something incredible for us both.