 College can give one more than just a mere scholastic education, if one is willing to be opening to such additional education. That is what I found out anyway. Now I'm not saying everyone's college education was, is, or will be anything like mine, but if you are lucky enough to get a Professor who is willing to teach you more than what's in the class schedule, well let me just say, you should definitely go for the extra credits assigned.

My first week of college was the most hectic week of my life. I was literally lost in the sea of buildings and classes. I was running late, again, to my Ancient History class and knew that Professor Samuels would once again point out this fact and make me the butt of yet another stupid joke in front of the whole class. To my surprise he said nothing when I snuck into the classroom almost ten minutes late. He merely asked me to stay after when the class was over.

The next two hours dragged by slowly. I wasn't really into what Professor Samuels was saying and I nodded off. I was brought back to reality by the sound of the ringing bell to signify the class was over. I got up and was hoping to leave unnoticed but the Professor called out to me just as I reached the door.

"Young Jake," he said with a tone of authority. "Please step over to my desk."

I turned and walked slowly over to his desk in the far front corner of the room.

"Yes Professor Samuels," I said as I neared his desk. "I'm sorry I was late again today. I guess I haven't got the timing down just yet to get from one class to another."

"It's not a matter of timing son," he said looking up from his chair. "It's a matter of discipline."

"Discipline Sir?" I asked a little befuddled.

"Discipline Jake," he answered. "One must be disciplined in order to have order in ones life. Or one must be in fear of discipline to keep ones life in order."

"Yes Sir." I said slowly with a confused look.

"I can see from your expression that you don't quite understand what I just said."

"Well not really Sir." I replied, still looking confused.

"Well let me explain this in easier terms," he said getting up from his chair and moving around his desk. He sat down on the corner of his desk and faced me. "Let me take a shot in the dark here Jake. I am guessing you have always been late for most everything in your life, have you not?'

"I guess so Professor," I replied looking down to the floor, embarrassed that I was being lectured on promptness by my college Professor just like my mom use to lecture me. "I can just never seem to get going on time and it just slowly catches up as the day goes by."

"And has anyone done anything to get you to change this tardy mindset you seem to live by?"

"I don't understand Sir?" I asked.

"Did your parents punish you in anyway for your lateness?"

"Not really Sir."

"What about in high school?" he asked standing up and walking behind me. I could feel his eyes scanning me up and down. "What did they do about your lateness?"

"They changed my classes around so I didn't have any morning classes or to many classes in a row."

"So they all coddled you and your tardiness?" He asked as he sat down now on the other front corner of the desk.

"Well I wouldn't say coddled Sir." I half laughed.

"Well you can choose your own term if you like," Professor Samuels said as he stood up. "But now you are a college man, and that brings with it some responsibilities, mainly learning to discipline yourself. And if you are not capable to discipline yourself, than someone else needs to discipline you. Do you understand this Jake?"

"I think so Sir." I replied not really knowing what the hell he was really talking about.

"So then Jake," he said as he walked around me again. Again I felt his eyes caress my body. "Starting tomorrow, if you are late for my class, you will be disciplined. Do you understand?"

"Disciplined?" I asked. "How will I be disciplined?"

"That is up to me," he laughed and tapped my head. "And for you to wonder about, you may leave now Jake."

I stood there for a few seconds before turning to leave the room. Once in the hallway I looked back into the room, Professor Samuels was sitting at his desk smiling. I could have sworn I saw him wink at me before I headed off down the hallway.

The next morning I awoke early. I had stopped by the local drugstore and bought a second alarm clock. It was a wind up model, one of those old fashioned ones with the two big brass bells on the top. When the alarm went off its loud ringing of the bells got me up and running, at least across the room to where I had set the clock, forcing myself to get out of bed to shut it off.

It was a great start to the day, but it went downhill fast from there and by the time Professor Samuels's class was starting, I found myself running across the lawn in front of the History building. I got to the door of his classroom four minutes late. I dreaded what was to come as I opened the door and sneaked to my seat. I felt some relief that maybe he hadn't noticed since he was writing intently on the blackboard and never looked in my direction. But when the bell rang I knew he had noticed.

"Jake," he announced loudly. "Would you stay after please?"

I froze halfway out of my chair. Oh crap I thought, here it comes another boring lecture on being late. Blah, blah, blah.

"Come with me Jake." Professor Samuels said as he got up from his desk and walked to his private office door. He opened the door and waited for me to step through. When I did he closed the door and I thought I heard a lock click.

"So, I see you did not take our little talk seriously," He said walking over to his desk. "Now what should I make of that?"

"But Professor Samuels," I replied. "I tried, I even bought a second alarm clock and got up early but things just sort of happened."

"Things don't just sort of happen, Jake," he said looking me in the eyes. "You make them happen. You let them happen"

I stood silent. I had no idea of what to say next.

"So, since you can not seem to discipline yourself," He smiled. "I take it that you would like me to discipline you."

"What Sir?" I asked loudly and confused.

"Well, I gave you your chance to begin to self-discipline, but that didn't seem to work now did it?"

"But you don't mean you expect me to let you discipline me for being late to class?"

"That is exactly what I mean Jake." Professor Samuels smiled.

"But, how, why," I stammered.

"Well Jake if you are to ever amount to anything you must have a disciplined life." He said. "Now since this is your first infraction I will let you choose how you will be disciplined."

"Oh really," I asked. "And just what are my choices?"

"Well, you will either be spanked with this paddle," He smiled pulling a small wooden paddle from his desk drawer. "Tomorrow in front of your entire class, or..."

"No way Professor," I laughed. "You ain't spanking me in front of nobody."

"Or, I will spank you here and now, but you will have to drop your pants."

"What?" I half screamed.

"Jake, do you really want to go through life so undisciplined?" He asked. "One must accept discipline in order to get ones life in order. And it sure would be bad for an undisciplined young man to fail his first semester of college because of his refusal to be disciplined."

"Are you serious Professor?" 

"Very serious Jake," he replied slapping the paddle lightly on the palm of his hand. "You have got to learn there are consequences to living an undisciplined life."

I stood there for a couple of minutes, thinking about what he had said. I had to admit I did have a problem with controlling my life, and I couldn't afford to fail my first semester. I also didn't want to be spanked in front of the entire class tomorrow.

"So how many spanks would it be, Professor?" I finally asked.

"Five for the first time." he replied. "But just keep in mind, the disciplines increase as the infractions continue."

"Okay Professor, I will take the five spanks here." I said reluctantly.

The professor watched as I undid my pants and pulled them down to my knees.

"Underwear to Jake," he ordered. "One must be fully exposed to discipline in order to fully accept it."

I blushed as I pulled my underwear down to my knees and bent over the front of the desk. I could sense the Professor staring at my bare ass. I readied myself for the first swat. I felt a slight breeze flutter across my ass a split second before I felt the sting of the wooden paddle strike my bare ass. I held in the yelp I wanted to scream out. I tightened up and waited for the rest of the swats, they came in two quick bursts of two. After the fifth swat I felt the Professor's hand gently rub my ass where he had just spanked me.

"Well that should stay red for a while," he said as he rubbed my ass. "Nice and warm too. Now pull up your pants, and I'll see you tomorrow."

"Yes Professor." I said as I zipped up my pants and blinked my eyes to stop the tears from falling.

"Maybe you will be on time tomorrow?" he said then laughed and added. "Or maybe you will need a new discipline."

"Yes Professor." I said as I left his office and ran through the classroom and out into the hall. I quickly ran down to the restrooms and checked that there was no one else in it and pulled down my pants and underwear and turned my ass to the mirror. I could see a nice wide red spot on my ass cheek. I felt it with my hand, it was warm. But that wasn't the only thing that had warmed up when the Professor made me drop my pants and get spanked. I stepped into one of the stalls and leaned over the toilet and began to stroke my now hard cock. It didn't take but a minute of jacking off before I shot my load into the toilet. I stood there squeezing my cock and shaking it over the toilet. I grabbed some toilet paper and wiped the last drops of cum from the head of my cock and dropped the paper in the stool and flushed it. I did up my pants and left the bathroom, a smile on my face.

The next day I awoke early, but purposely made sure I was late for Professor Samuel's class. Just like yesterday I was asked to stay behind and was led into his private office.

"I'm sorry Professor; I really tried to get here on time today." I think he knew I was lying for a big grin formed on his face.

"Well you know the rules, each day the discipline will increase."

"Yes Professor."

"So today, you will be spanked ten times."

"Yes Professor, I understand."

"But you will be naked when you are spanked today."

"What?" This little twist shocked me. I wouldn't be able to conceal my excitement if I was completely naked.

"Strip Jake and prepare to be disciplined." Professor Samuels ordered.

I couldn't believe I was doing this but I stripped down to my underwear. I was trying to remove them without the Professor being able to see my raging hard-on, I was unsuccessful.

"So it looks like you are one to enjoy discipline." Professor Samuels said as he swatted my bare ass with the paddle.

"I'm sorry Sir; I don't know why that happened."

"Well since it did, you will jack off as I spank you."

"Yes Sir." I said with a nervous but eager tone to my voice as I felt the second swat hit my ass. I grabbed my throbbing cock and began to jack off. The timing was almost perfect for I shot my load on his desk seconds after he swatted my bare ass for the tenth time. I stayed bent over his desk squeezing my cock and milking the last drops of cum out of it.

"Oh damn that felt good." I moaned softly. I felt the Professor's hand rubbing my heated ass. When his hand touched my stinging flesh it sent a shiver up and down my body.

"Such a nice tender ass to be spanking." He commented as he gently rubbed my now red and tender ass.

"Thank you Sir."

"You may dress now," Professor Samuels said. "I wonder if you'll be on time tomorrow."

"I will try Sir." I smiled; we both knew I would be late.

{tbc}