 Friday nights could usually find me on the field, sweaty and a little bruised but happy as hell to be out there. After the game I'd shower with the guys, sometimes in an angry silence at a loss, thinking on what to do next time, but more often than not we simply traded jokes and laughs, high on yet another win. We didn't lose much, we took pride in that. Our school was big on football. Oh sure, we had other popular sports, baseball and basketball, soccer too, but nothing brought out the crowds as much as football.

Today was a particularly spectacular win. We were so close most of the game, taking it into overtime, but we won in the end. As we showered and talked about our weekend plans, I felt like someone was lightly touching my ass. Glancing back I noticed a pair of baby blues on the other side of the room, they flickered away the moment they caught mine. I turned back to my shower and smiled. Unlike most guys in sports, I was openly bi. I loved to fuck. Men, women, it didn't matter to me. And everyone knew it. At first people are shocked, they expect a guy like me to be all rugged and brass.

I'm 6'6", 220 lbs. of muscle, strong and fit from years of sports. My skin is tanned both naturally and from being outside so much. I have black hair cut short, and a pair of green eyes that can always get me out of trouble, especially when paired with a bright white smile. I know how my body looks, and I know how people react to it. It's not being vain or conceited, it's knowing what's there and how to use it.

I finished up my shower and headed into the locker room where some of the guys were already changing. They didn't much mind anymore that I liked men too, after the first few games with me on the team, seeing that I didn't turn into a wild beast and fuck them all -- even though that sometimes sounded delightful -- they got used to me and were back to normal. I slipped into some jeans and a shirt, rubbing a towel over my head before shoving my locker shut with a metal clang. I was one of the first done and ready to leave, I wanted some ass tonight.

"Hey Gabe?!" I turned back and looked for the voice. It belonged to one of the newbies on the team, a smaller guy with quick feet and the sort of soft look girls went for.

"Uh, yeah?" I needed ass bad, after all the rush from a game my dick just couldn't handle being cooped up for long. I shifted my stance and swung my bag to my other side.

"Do ya think I can hitch a ride with you if you're headed back towards campus? Benson bailed on me when he his old lady called. So I'm stranded." I remembered his name suddenly, it was Thomas, the aforementioned Benson's cousin. I couldn't let him walk back, not with all his gear, and not so far, and none of the others would, I knew they'd do it just to pick on the rookie. I sighed and sent an apology down to my prick, promising I'd find a nice tight ass to sink him into later.

"Ya, I can give you a ride. Get your shit together and be out at my truck in five or I will leave your scrawny ass behind." I walked out, not waiting for his reply.

He was quick enough, only took three minutes before his gear was in the bed of my truck alongside mine, no way either of our gear was gonna stink up my baby. It was a good half-hours drive back, and my body was going downhill fast. All I wanted to do was fuck, and I had to wait. Thomas, the little dick, wasn't helping. He kept shifting around to look at me, and with me being how I am, I couldn't help notice all the little things that made him damn sexy. The curve of his plump lips, the way that when he yawned, his mouth opened wide enough to slide my dick in, how his fingers toyed with the buckle. God I just wanted to reach over and fuck his little mouth, and then his ass. I knew it would be tight. He was so small, and his ass would be virgin. From what I knew of him he was straight as his cousin, and I didn't fuck people who didn't want it, no matter how horny I got.

"Hey, you okay? Your grip seems a little tight." Thomas asked after about ten minutes of driving.

"Yeah, after game rush is all. I'm usually taking care of it right about now." I gave a little laugh and shook my head, wishing I could be taking care of it right now.

"What do you do to-ohhh. I got it. You have sex." He guessed, giving me a look I didn't know what to do with.

"Yeah. I usually do. Not always, sometimes I go to the gym or something, but it's not as fun." I shrugged and tried to focus on the road, not on how his body was turned in the seat, or how tight his jeans were about his crotch. I was just imagining things, I'm sure.

"Well, why aren't you now?" I glanced over at him with a raised brow.

"Do you see anyone around to fuck?" And then he said it.

"Well, me." That had me pulling over to the side of the road so quick I startled myself.

"You've got to be jo-" Before I could even finish my sentence he was unbuckling my and zipping down my pants, pushing his hands inside my briefs and pulling out my cock. A sigh escaped at the sudden release, then a moan as his mouth sank down over me. It felt so good I let him do it for awhile, bobbing his head like a pro over my shaft. But it wasn't enough, I wanted his ass. Pulling him off I buckled us both back up and raced to my apartment instead of dropping him off at campus. I didn't even bother to zip up as I tugged him up the stairs and inside. When the door was shut I had him in my arms, my mouth pressing against his plump red lips. They were deliciously soft and pliable, letting me drill my tongue between them to reach into his mouth. I fucked him with my tongue against the entrance door, hearing him moan as he rubbed against me. I had no clue he'd be such a good fuck, and I hadn't even gotten to the really good part yet.

"Come." My voice was rough as I pulled him back into my bedroom, kicking the door shut and pulling of my clothes. He followed my lead, and within seconds we were both naked and I had his body once more pressed up against a door. I let my hands roam his body as his did mine, and I found he was much more sturdy than he looked. Of course he had to be to play, but its one thing to know, and another to feel it. He had a thin muscled build tapering into a small waist and hips, his ass was small, but nicely curved and soft. I let my fingers slip between his ass cheeks and down to his puckered hole. It quivered like an excited puppy at my touch. His own hands were busy stroking my cock as I tested his hole. It was definitely a virgin ass. And I was going to enjoy changing that.

I pulled him to the bed and let him straddle my waist as I reached out for some lube in my nightstand. Coating my fingers I went back to kissing him as I slowly pushed one in, coaxing it back and forth until it was to my second knuckle, then pulled back to push in with two, and three, only after had his ass fit three up to their base did I pull back and gently glide his ass over my purpled head.

"Are you sure?" I had to ask once more, because after this, his ass would be mine. His answer came as he shifted forward to kiss me, his ass pressing down over my cock. Non-too gently, I shoved up into him in a solid thrust, hearing him scream at the sudden and violent intrusion. I shut him up with a kiss, kneading his ass cheeks in my hands I started to move in and out as he sat atop me. He didn't fight, just sat dazed for a few seconds, and then began to moan and rock with me. He leaned forward and peppered my hairless chest with kisses, sucking at my nipples like a babe. I grabbed more firmly to his as and rolled over so I was now on top, hiking his legs up on my chest to open him up more fully to me. It was incredible how tight his ass was, how it squeezed my dick so tight, tighter than any other pussy or ass I had ever had. I knew that his ass was something else, something special, and I would keep fucking it even after today. Looking down at his face, mouth open and moaning, eyes half-lidded and staring up at me, I reached down and yanked roughly at his cock, only two tugs and he exploded. All over his chest he shot his cum, clear up to his chin. I knew it, from the look in his eyes, that this was what he needed. I pushed harder and faster, feeling my own balls tense up, and then I was cuming. I shoved in as deep as I could get and shot off my load, spilling into and stuffing his ass with my cum. I collapsed against him and rolled, not taking my cock from his ass but simply leaving it in his warm, pulling his cum smeared chest to mine, I kissed his forehead and fell asleep. I knew in the morning I would fuck him again. After all, his ass was mine.

***

I woke up the next morning to something I wasn't used to, an ass being lowered onto my morning glory. Looking up I saw Thomas, his eyes were closed and he was biting his lip to keep quiet. Reaching up I grabbed his hips and shoved him the rest of the way down before pulling his mouth to mine for a kiss.

"What's up?" as if I didn't have my cock lodged into his ass, I asked him this as calmly as I could.

"I woke up early and went to bring our gear in and wash it. And I cleaned up a little, then thought I'd come back in before you woke up." I was surprised by his words. I figured at best he went to piss and at worst he was gone and I'd have to drag him back so I could fuck him again until he admitted his tiny ass was mine. But he went out and cleaned. He was actually turning out to be better than just a simple fuck. I smiled and kissed his lips again. My dick twitched in his ass, prompting us both to moan. I picked him up, keeping his ass firmly rooted over my cock, and swiveled him around, then rolled us both over. He ended up pressed face-first into the bed and ass up in the air as I pumped my dick into him.

"Do you like this?" I asked, smiling and rubbing my hands over his ass. Yes, I had lots of plans for him.

"Oh yes." He mumbled, wiggling his ass.

"Tell me you're mine. That your ass belongs to no one but me. That you wont touch anyone else without asking me." I pumped him harder, each time pushing his face down into the bed. When he didn't answer fast enough I stopped moving and smacked his ass. Not very lightly either.

"Yours! It's yours! My ass is yours! Only yours! And my dick is too! I wont touch anyone you don't say I can!" he rushed to say. He was an easy little thing to get ahold of. I fucked him harder, knowing he was almost ready.

"Good pet. Now cum for me." And he did. He came all over the sheets, and as I continued to pump my cock into his ass, his chest and face got smeared in it. When I came I shoved all the way in again. I loved the feeling of shooting up his ass, driving it in deep and filling him up. And by the way he was moaning and pressing back into me, I'd say he did too. When I glanced at the clock, I smiled, we had to get ready for practice soon. And this was gonna get real fun.