 Jay had found out on the bus ride to the hotel that he was rooming with Nathan and he was excited about the idea. Being new to the team, Jay didn't know too many of the players, but he had already chosen the ones he'd like to get to know a little better. Nathan was tall and slim but with nice broad shoulders. He had mousy brown hair and deep brown eyes that Jay often caught himself staring into when they talked. He really hoped Nathan hadn't noticed as well. Jay hadn't yet determined whether his deeper interest in some of his teammates would be accepted as willingly as during his other recent sporting ventures. He planned on finding that our gradually and seeing as Nathan was one of the best looking guys on the team, Jay thought that maybe this trip was a good place to start. 

Nathan was sitting with his best friend Brendan in another section of the bus when the rooms were announced. Despite a small pang of disappointment Nathan didn't really mind the change. Jay was a nice guy and they seemed to get along pretty well. Although Jay was shorter than him, Nathan had noticed that he was definitely more muscular and when they'd chatted Nathan had noticed the intensity of Jay's striking blue eyes. Sharing a room on this footy tour wouldn't be too big of a deal. But Nathan had to admit to himself that it wasn't what he had been hoping for this weekend.

Jay spent the rest of the bus ride thinking through the weekend and what it was going to be like sharing with Nathan. Although he was clearly popular, Nathan was one of the quieter members of the team. Jay had often noticed Brendan, with all of his brashness and bravado, taking center stage, while Nathan placed himself a step behind, enjoying the entertaining nature of his best friend. Jay wondered what Nathan would be like without such a strong personality in front of him.

The problem Nathan had with this new set up was that he'd assumed he was going to be sharing with Brendan, his best mate. They had shared a room for the last three road trips and had some pretty handy ground rules set up. They'd stretched a few boundaries as well. 

The football team alighted from the bus and grabbed their bags. Jay noticed that Nathan was walking with Brendan. He knew they were best friends and had often wondered how close they really were. Brendan was one of the biggest studs on the team, always chasing girls and getting as much female attention as he wanted in return. Jay, despite his secrets, ensured he kept up appearances and in a short time had already impressed with some regular conquests. Although his last sporting team had been more than receptive to his interest he had had enough trouble with sporting types in the past to be wary.

Nathan was reluctant to separate from his best friend once they were off the bus. He knew that rooming with Brendan was guaranteed to be a comfortable and fun weekend, especially considering their last trip. Jay was an unknown quantity. Rumors had spread about his prowess with the ladies and Nathan was sure it was unlikely that the same level of comfort would be achieved. He turned and saw Jay heading into a room and decided to bite the bullet and get to know his companion for the weekend. 

Jay was unpacking his bag when Nathan entered. He had made sure to leave his more personal items in the suitcase and was trying to jam it under the bed when his roommate arrived. 

"Hey Nathan how you doing?" Jay looked up as he placed his footy boots in the wardrobe. 

"Great man. Always love these trips," Nathan slung his bag onto the bed and sat down. "Bus trip takes it out of me though."

"Yeah I know what you mean. I usually try to unpack first, grab a shower and then get some fresh air to perk myself up a bit. Maybe go for a run."

"Good idea. I'll either shower first or have a bit of nap."

The boys both looked towards the bathroom. It wasn't awfully big. Not one that could be shared, which Nathan was ok with. Jay had already inspected it and found there was no lock on the door. That may prove to work in his favor. The boys were silent for a little while. Jay had unpacked and arranged his things the way he liked them. Nathan's only movement had been from a sitting position to lying flat on his back on the bed. 

"Well," Jay said, breaking the awkwardness, "I'm going to have that shower now," he grabbed his towel and headed into the bathroom. "Enjoy your nap mate."

As soon as Jay had closed the door Nathan opened his suitcase. He had been worried about unpacking his own bag in front of Jay considering he'd packed specifically for Brendan's company. His masturbation sleeve lay on top of his clothes. He unzipped the back pocket and reluctantly slid the sleeve inside, disappointed that he wouldn't be using it this trip. He removed the rest of his clothes and, although he was pretty wrecked from the trip, decided to get changed.

He wondered if Jay would be in the shower long enough for him to quickly christen his weekend bed. It was one of Nathan's personal traditions that the first thing he did in a new room was to blow a load on the new sheets. He stripped naked, put on his new jock strap and lay back. Before covering himself up he admired how the jock held his bulging cock and low hanging balls. Brendan had talked him into buying a smaller size, knowing that he'd enjoy the look of the pouch straining over his endowment. His hands begun to roam his body as he slid under the covers. He occasionally interrupted himself with a deep yawn. The bus ride really was the worst part of the road trip. It didn't take long for Nathan's penis to reach its full length and considerable girth. It had been a week since he'd last blown a load; he'd been saving it for the possibilities of a weekend with Brendan. He wasn't keen to sleep just yet and hoped that his arousal might stave off the drowsiness he felt. Now that he was sharing a room with a ladies' man like Jay he knew he'd need to release sooner rather than later. He slipped his dick out of the side of his jock and began rubbing for vigorously.

It wasn't long before Nathan got swept up in the sensations caused by the rubbing under the blankets. He relaxed and his eyes closed. He could feel himself edging closer to sleep but the combination of Nathan's extreme horniness and exhaustion enhanced the feelings in a strange, almost out-of-body way. He started breathing more deeply and heavily. As usual, as his breathing and heart rate increased so did his body temperature. He flung the blanket off his body, leaving his almost naked body and 7-inch cock free and exposed. The feeling was quickly overtaking him and he could feel himself getting closer to orgasm. 

Just as he thought he might stain his new jock with his load he felt a hand slide up the inside of his leg towards his balls. He hadn't heard the door open, or anyone sneak into the room. Could this be...?

His thoughts were interrupted by the wetness of a slick tongue sliding over his balls as the mysterious hand swept up his cock. Although he flinched at first, the shock of the contact quickly wore off and the pleasure of this unexpected intervention took over. The mystery tongue traced its way from his swollen balls up his thick shaft as his hand fell away. He relaxed and let his cock be enveloped by the soft, wet lips and he knew it wouldn't be long before he couldn't hold off any longer.

His body tensed and he knew that this was it. 

Nathan's ass muscles clenched and his balls tightened. He groaned deeply as he hit that well-known point of no return. He felt his cum working its way up his long shaft as the expert mouth continued to work his cock and showed no signs of stopping. Nathan let out a deep, involuntary moan as the first shot fired from his cock. Each shot of cum was lapped up eagerly and his cock was worked expertly for the next shot. 

After firing 6 big shots Nathan relaxed and let his dick be licked clean. He lay back, relaxed and satisfied. 

Nathan awoke to the sound of the hotel room door opening.

"Have a good nap mate?" Jay asked as he reentered the room. He was sweaty from his run and an amused smile passing his lips as he took in the view that Nathan was presenting to him. 

"Um yeh, was pretty decent," Nathan slipped his soft cock back into his jock and reached for his towel. "Sorry about the view." 

"No stress man, I usually sleep naked," Jay confessed as he removed his shirt. "And it's not like I've never seen one before."

Nathan registered those handy pieces of information. 

"How's the shower in there?" Nathan asked.

"Nice and warm. One of the best ways to relax," Jay admired the physical specimen lying on the bed in front of him, enjoying the first full view of Nathan's long, lean body. "And there's plenty to see outside the hotel, my run was great."

Nathan was confused, he hadn't remembered drifting off to sleep but clearly he'd been out of it long enough for Jay to go for a run. If Jay had been out running, what about the blowjob he'd received? Jay wasn't acting like he'd just swallowed his load. Had Brendan snuck into the room as Jay had left? Although they had fun last trip that kind of action wasn't going on between him and Brendan. 

Jay had been out running and Brendan certainly hadn't seemed keen to blow him. Had it all been a dream? Nathan hoped not. If Jay had sucked his cock then surely he'd want Nathan to return the favor. But having reentered the room and seen Nathan with his dick still out, Jay wasn't taking the hint and certainly wasn't acting like he was expecting anything from Nathan. His previously relaxed mind was now a blur as he analyzed what he thought had happened and tried to get a grip on it all. Brendan had always warned him about his analysis, telling him to just go with the flow. Nathan couldn't help himself and the more he thought about it the more confused he became. He decided to shower to clear his head.

"Guess it's my turn to have a shower," Nathan carried his towel towards the bathroom.

"And my turn to have a nap," Jay said as he removed his shorts, revealing a nice long, flaccid cock and big tight balls. "Don't be too long in there mate." 

Was that it? Was that the confirmation that Nathan's weekend was going to be just as fun as his times with Brendan? Nathan continued walking into the bathroom his mind racing. 

As he lay back on his own bed Jay hoped that now, finally, Nathan would put it all together and realize the real reason Jay had requested to be his roommate.