 Nathan was just 18 the first time he went on a road trip with his senior football team. It was a month before the season started and the team was off to their preseason training camp. Having finally been officially promoted to the senior list, Nathan was excited to attend. This was the very start of pre-season training and the first time the new team members had spent any real time with the older guys.

Nathan was a pretty shy guy, despite his height and his looks. He felt nervous amongst these new teammates, having hardly met any of them. He felt lucky that his mate Brendan was on the trip as well. 

Brendan was the older brother of Luke, one of Nathan's friends who didn't play football. He was older by almost three years but they had recently become really close. Now that Nathan was promoted to the senior team he counted Brendan as one of his closest friends. Being the nervous kid that he was Nathan was going to ensure Brendan stayed close. 

Nathan kissed his girlfriend goodbye, resulting in the usual growth in his pants, and walked onto the bus, disappointed that he was going away the same weekend that his girlfriend's parents were. He somehow knew that this would have been his best opportunity to finally lose his virginity. Brendan had already found them a seat about halfway up the bus. As usual he had three chicks on the go and so hadn't invited any of them to farewell him for fear of them finding out about each other.

"You OK dude?" Brendan asked when he sat down.

"You know what I'm like man, always nervous. Once we get into it up at the camp I'll be all good," Nathan replied. 

"Ah yeah, first time with the big boys," Brendan winked. "You'll be fine man, you're not the only new kid here."

Both boys look over to Andrew, walking up the bus on his own, trying to find an unoccupied pair of seats. Clearly he didn't want to deal with the awkwardness of having to choose one of the older guys and attempt to sit next to them. 

"If the other guys are gonna target anyone, it'll be him, don't worry," Brendan was reassuring as they watched Andrew take a seat near the front of the bus. "I've earned myself a bit of respect on these trips."

Nathan spent the rest of the bus ride hearing about how, generally speaking, the boys hit this country town trying to get as much pussy as they could. While this didn't really interest Nathan he enjoyed hearing the stories Brendan shared about his conquests. For some reason he couldn't determine, he always enjoyed hearing his mates talk about the girls they'd, to use Brendan's term, conquered. 

Brendan was just finishing the story of how a girl had tricked him into having a devil's threesome which included Adam, another of the boys' teammates. 

"So you had to watch him fuck this girl? And get hard in front of him?" Nathan had never known anyone who had done this but the bulge in his pants was a clear indication that he was enjoying hearing about it.

"Well I wasn't there to watch him fuck, I was there to get her on my dick too," Brendan was quick to return the focus to himself, "but yeah, his dick was out of course."

Although there had been times in his junior teams where Nathan had been naked around some of the other guys, changing and showering and stuff, he was still shy, and didn't know if he'd be brave enough to get his dick out, let alone get hard in front of one of the other guys on the team. Well, except Brendan. He had become quite comfortable with Brendan. 

"You'll really enjoy the camp mate. There's always lots of fun to be had," Brendan reassured Nathan as they walked down the hallway towards their room. "Even the boys who don't get the ladies."

"Well I doubt that would be many of you boys," Nathan quickly replied. 

"The kind of hunting we get up to isn't for everyone, there's usually a few that stay behind. I don't always go."

"Really? I thought you'd jump at the opportunity for some new challenges."

"Dude you know how often I need to jerk off," Brendan reminded Nathan as he opened the door to their room. "I shared with James last year and he was definitely not giving me a chance to do enough of that. He hardly left the room."

The boys walked into the room, slightly disappointed at the small size. The two single beds were very close together, a small TV was mounted on the wall at the foot of one bed. The bathroom was small, a sliding door opening almost straight into the cramped shower stall. 

"So you stayed behind for some solo fun instead?" Nathan asked as he slid his suitcase under the bed closest to the bathroom. 

"Well, not exactly," Brendan walked into the bathroom, turned the water on and slid the door closed behind him. 

What the hell did that mean? Nathan had heard stories about the boys on the team getting quite close on these trips but until now he had thought it was nothing more than a joke between teammates. As Nathan unpacked his suitcase he wondered if Brendan was indicating that maybe there was something real behind the stories. 

Just as Nathan was getting comfortable on his bed the bathroom door slid open and Brendan stood there wearing just a towel, tied low around his waist. Nathan once again noticed his lean physique, his lower abs making that seductive V that pointed down below the towel. Brendan entered the room heading straight for his suitcase and bending over. 

Nathan noticed that the towel was a little shorter than the ones at the football club. If he maybe just leant his head over, he could get a glimpse of something underneath. 

"I definitely needed that," Brendan sighed as he straightened up and turned around. 

Nathan quickly turned his eyes away, "Good shower eh?"

"No I meant the wank, was well overdue."

The boys laughed. Nathan was once again reminded of how lucky he was to be able to have such open conversations with Brendan. 

Brendan picked up his running shorts and slid them up his legs, turning away just as the towel dropped. Nathan only caught a brief glimpse of Brendan's tight, hairless ass as his shorts replaced the towel. 

"I'm gonna go for a run mate. Wanna come?" Brendan asked Nathan as he slipped on a t-shirt. 

"Um, nah mate," Nathan replied, a sudden urgency pressing at his shorts. "I've got something that's well overdue myself." 

"Nice one mate," Brendan walked towards the door. "Enjoy yourself."

It was true that it had been a couple of days since Nathan had last blown a load but Brendan had made sure that the need presented itself clearly and obviously. More and more lately Nathan had been noticing little things about Brendan. The way the towel rested on his slim waist after he showered, the way his running shorts rode up his strong thighs as he tied his laces and of course the times he always managed to position himself with a good view as Brendan left the team showers, before he grabbed his towel. 

He waited a couple of minutes before lowering his shorts, enough time to make sure Brendan had started his run. Just as he was about to reach down and wrap his fist around his throbbing cock he heard something at the door. 

Shit, he was back. Nathan quickly moved to get up and grab a towel to cover himself. 

Brendan opened the door just as Nathan was getting out of bed. The timing, for Nathan, couldn't have been worse as there was no hiding the erection he had barely begun to work on. The door flew open just as all seven inches of Nathan's dick pointed straight out of the room. 

"Whoa! Dude, you weren't kidding!" Brendan responded after his burst of laughter.

"Ah, yeh. I guess that was bad timing huh? Sorry you had to see that," Nathan, red-faced, quickly slid back under the blankets. Neither his embarrassment, nor his erection, was subsiding.

"No sweat dude. I knew what you were up to. I probably should have knocked," Brendan stopped in the doorway but didn't seem concerned at all. 

"Would've been nice mate," Nathan was fairly sure he knew, but didn't want to say anything embarrassing. 

"I just didn't know you were already so fired up, or that it would be pointing straight at me," Brendan laughed. "No wonder you wanted me gone."

"Um, yeh I was kinda worked up before you left."

"Oh yeah? Hope I didn't hold you back," Brendan stepped just inside the door now. Was something pressing at the front of his shorts?

Nathan took a gamble, "Just interrupted mate. Now if you don't mind I'm gonna get back to it. You in or out?"

"Don't let me stop you bud," Brendan took another step forward and closed the door behind him. "In all honesty I could go another round." 

"Well who's gonna get to go first?" Nathan's dick twitched under the blanket, knowing how worked up Brendan was. 

"Well dude we're both already hard," Brendan said as he took a step towards the bed. That's when Nathan noticed the full extent of the bulge in his shorts.

Nathan played this one cautiously, testing Brendan's next move, "Well it won't take me long, so I'm happy to use the bathroom first."

"Won't take me long either," now Brendan seemed nervous. "Do you wanna, maybe, see who's quickest?"

"Oh like a race?" Nathan's cock was throbbing under the blanket. 

"Yeh. Move over so we're on the same racing track," Brendan took another step towards the bed, his cock twitching in his shorts.

"Oh, you wanna race together?" Nathan had heard stories of guys doing this stuff, and although he had dropped many hints, nothing like this had happened for him with any of his buddies.

"Yeah, we've got to do it together or one of us might cheat," Brendan stood next to the bed alongside Nathan, the nerves of both boys drifting away. 

"Ah, what the hell," Nathan thought and threw the blanket back, revealing his dripping dick to Brendan. 

Brendan's eyes couldn't help being drawn to, in full, close up view, the rather attractive piece of meat that his younger buddy had just exposed to him. For a moment he was speechless.

"Dude, you going to leave me hanging out here alone?" Nathan asked. 

Brendan, realizing Nathan was the only one with his dick out, quickly slipped his shorts off and sat down. 

"Nice," Nathan couldn't help but voice his appreciation of what Brendan had revealed. Sitting on the bed next to him was a strong, straight cock, easily 8 inches long and certainly thicker than his own. Nathan doubted his fingers would meet if he wrapped his hand around it. 

"Thanks bud," Brendan was finally relaxing again, but definitely needed release. "So we gonna do this or what?"

"Yeah man, but I haven't jacked it in like two days, don't think there'll be much contest," Nathan was definitely ready to release this huge load that had built up.

"Oh damn dude, you're probably gonna make a mess," Brendan said as he reached down to the pile of clothes in Nathan's suitcase. His hand came up holding a small towel, "Dude, you really came prepared. I always forget to bring a cum rag."

Both boys laughed. Now that their dicks were finally out what they'd relaxed into their usual open banter. 

"Good call man, I think I'm going to need it," Nathan's hand wandered to his cock, twitching and itching for attention. "So who gives the start?"

"Ready?" Brendan asked.

Nathan nodded, his hand poised ready to grip his dick.

"Go!" Brendan said as his hand flew onto his huge dick.

Both boys started jerking furiously, their eyes never leaving the other's cock. 

Hands flying, cocks throbbing, eyes locked on. The boys jerked hard, the natural competitiveness of young boys combined with the desperate need to release their sexual tension meant that this race wasn't going to last long. 

The boys were sitting close enough for Brendan to feel Nathan shudder as he stroked. 

"Dude, you're close already?" Brendan was impressed and knew Nathan had him beaten already. 

"I told you man, it's been a couple days," Nathan laughed.

Brendan's competitive streak kicked in and he tensed his legs, knowing that would help him get closer to the finish line. 

Nathan was torn. As much as his natural desire to win was driving him towards his climax he wasn't sure he wanted this experience to end. He had heard stories and rumours about boys doing things like this and had always wanted to experience it for himself. He slowed his pace and enjoyed the feeling of jerking his dick next to his best mate.

But as he suddenly felt Brendan's breathing increase and his legs go stiff next to him he knew he was being caught and was reminded of his fierce desire to win, and the need to blow his load. He stroked harder and faster, tensing his legs, breathing more quickly, using every trick he had to make himself cum quicker. 

Brendan's eyes were still glued to Nathan's young, stiff cock. He'd won a few of these races before but didn't think he'd be able to take this one out. His own hand was a blur, his thick cock dripping precum, moving closer and closer to the edge. 

Nathan felt the tingling sensation he knew well, creeping from his toes up his legs. He jerked hard, the feeling rising until it finally hit his full, tense balls. He knew this was it. His body shuddered, and he moaned deeply. His cock swelled. 

"Yeah buddy," Brendan cheered Nathan on, fully accepting that he'd been beaten.

That was enough to send Nathan over the edge. He took one last long stroke and that was enough. With a deep groan, the first huge shot flew from his dick and landed on his shoulder, a new record for him. The next shot fired just as hard, landing on Brendan's chest. 

While the rest of Nathan's load dribbled over his hand he watched in awe as Brendan's huge dick started spewing a huge load of cum all over his tight abs. Painting his smooth torso and quickly filling his navel. 

After both boys had covered themselves in cum they lay back, recovering and enjoying the usual post orgasm high. As they got their breath back they passed the towel between them, wiping away their impressive loads, their eyes always on the other's body.