 The first part of this story can be found here.

*

Nathan entered the bathroom, feeling a combination of embarrassment, surprise and relief. Being caught with your dick out like Jay had just witnessed was awkward and not ideal. Add to that the possibility that that roommate, who'd banged the hottest chick on the neighboring basketball team, had swallowed your load and the weekend was very quickly entering a whole different territory. Now, knowing that the concerns he had felt about rooming with Jay could have been unnecessary, Nathan felt some of the awkward weight lifting from his shoulders. 

Now he stood, naked, in the bathroom, wondering what to do next. Lying, also naked, in the bedroom was his new roommate Jay, who Nathan was sure had been straight, but who had probably just helped himself to Nathan's massive load. A load that he had been saving for his regular roommate Brendan. Should he head back into the bedroom and return the favor? Should he leave Jay to his own devices and wait for some confirming invitation? What would Brendan do? He was always the more confident of the two life-long buddies. He decided to shower and see what opportunity arose.

Nathan turned on the wonderfully warm water and stepped into the shower. Although he'd cum not long ago his teen hormones were unrelenting and he was starting to feel the stirring of his desires return. While he soaped up his junk he thought about Jay suggestively dropping the towel after his shower. Although he had glimpsed it when changing after games the true size of Jay's dick was unexpected and Nathan felt sure that Jay wanted the favor to be returned. With this in mind he quickly cleaned himself, freshened up and dried off, ready to venture back into the room and see what he found in his roomie's bed. 

Wrapping the towel around his waist, Nathan opened the door slowly. He looked over to his roommate's bed and saw him lying on his side, facing away from him, perfectly still, clearly asleep. Disappointed that he had either missed his chance or completely misread the situation, Nathan edged his way into the room, his previously rising erection now quickly diminishing as he headed to his own bed. As he walked he saw his roomie roll over on the bed, turning towards him. What he saw made the blood return and his towel rise. The tent Jay was creating with the thin blanket on the bed was clear and impressive. He sat on the edge of the bed wondering if he should make a move. Was Jay really asleep? Was him rolling over an invitation?

As if in reply Jay rolled over further and the blanket dropped away from his enlarged cock. What he saw made him want to jump off the bed immediately. Jay was displaying his cock in all its glory. His tight, hairless, supersized balls sat heavily between his powerful, well-trained legs. A thick vein ran from his neatly trimmed pubic hair up the middle of his thick shaft to where his foreskin rolled back, neatly elevating the big mushroom head sitting on top. Knowing that his own dick was 7 inches and Brendan's was close to 8, Nathan surmised that Jay's had to be nearly 9 inches of solid, dead straight, rock hard cock. 

Nathan slowly lifted himself off his bed and moved over as Jay lay on his back with his thick member standing proudly, clearly waiting for some attention. As he knelt beside the bed he moistened his lips. Even though he'd been hoping that the first cock he got to taste was Brendan's he found that he couldn't resist the beautiful piece of meat waiting in front of him. 

His tongue slowly, but intently, worked its way over Jay's smooth balls and up his thick shaft until he took the swollen head in his mouth. In his sleep Jay let out a soft moan. Jay's head was clearly bigger than both Nathan and Brendan's and he could feel his jaw muscles working as he closed his eyes and worked his mouth up and down, stretching his lips and his cheeks. He slowly worked this huge cock, getting used to the feeling of having a sweet piece of meat in his virgin mouth, struggling to take slightly more with each movement. 

Just as he thought he couldn't take any more of this thick cock in his mouth he felt a hand on the back of his head. Nathan tensed, unsure of whether he could handle Jay taking control of him like this. Without any experience Nathan knew he wasn't up to being dominated by a boy with such a long, thick dick.

His anxiety melted away as Jay lifted his head off his cock. Nathan looked up at him and saw a contented smile on his face. 

"Well that was surprising," Jay said. Had Nathan misinterpreted the hints? Had the blowjob been a dream like he'd thought?

"Oh, shit," Nathan spoke quickly, eager to cover up his mistake. "I just thought that you gave me -- and then you dropped the -- and I went to -- but you were hard."

"Whoa! Whoa! Buddy," Jay sensed the panic in Nathan's voice. "What are you talking about?"

"Well while you were in the shower I started to jerk off, but then I thought someone came to blow me. I thought it was either you, or I'd dreamt it. So I decided to return the favor. But clearly I dreamt it," Nathan stood up and moved back to his own bed. 

Jay smiled and sat up. Still naked and boned he turned to face Nathan, "You had a dream that someone gave you a blow job?" 

"Yeah well, it felt pretty real but then you came back from your run and didn't act like you'd done anything so I thought maybe it wasn't you," Nathan took a deep breath. How could he have misread this situation so badly? Jay had dropped the towel right in front of him, surely that had been an invitation. "Sorry dude. I obviously misread it. I'll leave you to it."

"Dude, don't stress," Jay moved over to sit next to Nathan. Nathan's eyes were drawn back to his perfect cock. "I didn't stop you because you were doing the wrong thing."

"But if you liked it why did you..." 

"I was a bit surprised," Jay cut him off. "I didn't expect you to take my hint so quickly," Jay replied. "It took most of the weekend for my other roommates to work it out, even after I blew them the first time."

"Well what I received deserved repayment. I'm a gentleman," both boys laughed, easing some of the increasing tension. 

"That also surprised me. Even once the others worked it out, they made it clear they're just receivers."

"Well, I reckon that's just rude," Nathan was much more relaxed now and the blood had begun to return to his cock. "I'd always repay the favor."

"That's good of you man. I also didn't expect you to be so experienced. You sucked my cock like a pro, man. Other boys, and plenty of girls, can't handle it," Jay leaned back on Nathan's bed and put his hands behind him, clearly displaying the fact that he was still erect. 

"Dude, you're actually the first guy I've done that to," Nathan disclosed.

"Oh wow."

The boys talked about their experience. Nathan revealed his past with Brendan. Jay, although he didn't name names, made it clear that Nathan wasn't the first sportsman to receive the particular treatment that had welcomed him today. The conversation had flowed so easily and the boys had talked for a while, both remaining achingly hard. Jay very obviously dripping while sitting naked on the bed and Nathan's towel straining under the tent being created by his returning erection.

"So do you want to finish what you started?" Jay asked. 

Nathan didn't need to be asked twice and he pushed Jay back down onto the bed. He decided he was going to take his time and enjoy it. It was clear that Jay enjoyed the pleasure as much as he needed the release. Jay lay back and Nathan's tongue found its way back to his balls. He savored their smoothness and slowly explored their surface, occasionally taking one in his mouth and rolling it around with his tongue. 

Nathan felt Jay relax more and more as his tongue explored his balls and Nathan's hands rubbed his firm chest and strong legs. He again traced his tongue up Jay's throbbing vein to his slit, this time dripping with pre-cum. He licked it slowly, savoring the first taste of his new discovery.

The shudder that coursed through Jay's body was a sure sign that it was unlikely to be long before Nathan had completed his task. He eagerly took the bulging head into his mouth and began exploring its sensitive surface. Jay tensed with this new pleasure and Nathan felt his hand placing gentle pressure on the back of his head.

That was the only hint Nathan needed and before long his head was bobbing with increasing speed on Jay's ample pole. As the speed of Nathan's mouth increased so did Jay's breathing. It was clear that Jay was close to releasing his load into Nathan's mouth. Nathan decided that he wanted to take his time and enjoy this new experience. He slowed down the pace and let his hands explore Jay's strong, muscular physique. 

His hands worked their way down and began to rub Jay's strong legs, feeling the muscles that had clearly worked hard both on the field and at the gym. As he worked his way up and down the inside of Jason's thighs, Nathan felt them slowly spread apart. 

Without a doubt Nathan knew that Jay wanted a little something else before his climax was reached and his pleasure concluded. Nathan slowly crept his hand between his legs and down into Jay's most private area. He heard Jay's breath catch as Nathan's fingers neared his hole and knew that was as close to an actual invitation as he was going to get. He found the spot and teased, rubbing his puckered hole to gauge Jay's reaction. 

An intense shudder raged through Jay's body and Nathan knew he was on the right track. He felt Jay's balls ascend, knowing that before too long he'd be swallowing his first ever load of hot cum while his finger tested a man's hole for the first time. He paused for a moment, knowing the action that would send Jay over the edge but unsure of whether he was prepared to make the move he'd been saving for Brendan. He paused, considering what was presented before him. Jay had given him a pretty damn good BJ and was clearly up for more fun than that. He'd been waiting for months to take the next step in his experimentation with guys and had always hoped he'd get to play it out with his best mate. But lying in front of him was a 9-inch monster, a smooth toned body and a tight, shaved hole just itching to be explored. 

As if reading his mind Jay stroked a hand through Nathan's hair and whispered, somewhat desperately, "Do it."

Without any further hesitation Nathan renewed the vigor with which he had been sucking Jay's cock, eager to finish the job. As he did this his finger gently slipped inside his new roommate. Jay let out his first, involuntary, moan and Nathan enjoyed the warmth and tightness that welcomed him inside. 

Nathan worked up to a steady rhythm with his mouth and finger and felt the goose flesh rise, knowing this was it. This was the first, of hopefully many, players on his team that he'd be swallowing. 

Jay's breathing increased and his body tensed. Nathan felt his hole clench around his finger and responded by pushing it further, deeper, finding Jay's pleasure spot and hitting it every time he thrust his finger back in. 

He opened his mouth and took as much of Jay's throbbing member as he could, and although he was close to gagging he enjoyed the feeling of it hitting the back of his throat. 

Another low moan let out by Jay, previously keeping quiet, was a clear indication that he liked it too and with one last thrust of his fingers Nathan sent Jay past the point of no return.

"Oh shit! I'm fucking cumming!" Jay screamed as he grabbed the back of Nathan's bobbing head. Nathan prepared himself just in time, as shot after shot of Jay's hot cum fired down his throat. Nathan continued to swallow but Jay's bucking body kept releasing more and more man juice for him. He was impressed at the huge quantity that Jay had produced and struggled to take it all down but he didn't want to disappoint on his first time. He kept sucking until there was nothing left and Jay's exhausted hand tapped him on the shoulder. Nathan slowly raised his head off Jay's diminishing hard on.

"Oh. My. God," Jay said between gasps. "That was so much better than I expected." Nathan lay on the bed beside his spent roommate, "I'm glad I could return the favor."

Both boys lay back, spent and silent. After a while Nathan stood and headed back to his own bed.

"I really didn't think you'd be better than Brendan," Jay said as he rolled over and, within seconds, fell asleep. 

Nathan was too shocked by Jay's revelation to ask for more details before he heard Jay's steady breathing indicate that he was done for the night.

How could he not have known that his previous roommate and best friend had hooked up with Jay? 

As he lay on his bed, his cock still throbbing, he picked up his phone and saw a message from Brendan. The message read, "Got a taste yet? See you tomorrow buddy."

Nathan realized this was going to the best football trip of them all. He slid his hand down between his legs, grabbed his demanding cock and started work, visions of Jay and Brendan flying through his head.