 So what happened? There I was 35, divorced and hadn't dated in almost a year. Most of my early adulthood was filled with wild nights and times. When I was twenty I had more women in a month than I have in the past five years. 

So I sat there in my one bedroom apartment trying to figure things out.

Heck even when I was younger- okay so I was experimenting... Once- with this guy... But that was a long time ago.

We were camping out just down the road a bit near a stream. And truth be told, all I wanted to do was get a look at "it" or maybe touch "it." However, I had spent so long working up the courage to brush up against "it" my mind starting telling me I would do anything.

I was so scared. I had laid there for hours ever so slowly letting my hand creep closer to him. I knew it had to be getting close to sunrise but it didn't matter- nothing else mattered at that point. The very first time that my hand rested against his underwear I thought I would lose it right then and there. Somehow, though, I managed.

With every breath my hand moved closer to its destination and just about the time the sun peeked over the horizon I took him into my hand. It was small barely an inch long, it was everything I imagined and more. 

Suddenly, and lightening fast speed, Andy reached and grabbed a hold of my hand. Every nightmare I had ever had about that moment was coming true. I had fears of being called a fag and harassed for the rest of my life. My reputation and my future were ruined.

I tried to pretend like I was asleep but I was sure that he had caught me with my eyes wide opened. Much to my surprised he stared in my direction for several minutes. I guess he was trying to either decide what to do or if I was really asleep.

The fifteen seconds his eyes where on me where like three hours but eventually he released my wrist and fell back down to go to sleep.

And me...

I couldn't leave well enough alone.

I could here the birds begin to sing and more frequent cars passing by our little pup tent but that first feel only made me want more. I wanted, more than anything now, to touch skin.

I sleepily flopped over and rested my hand on his chest as if it were the most natural thing in the world. I waited for a reaction but...nothing. As he inhaled I tightened the muscles in my arm making it stiff and unmovable. When he exhaled I allowed his breath to carry my hand downward and closer to my prize.

I was beginning to think he was awake- his exhales were more deliberate more forceful- with his breath my hand was being forced toward his cock. 

I was within touching distance.

I could feel his heat.

I swallowed my fear and moved my hand toward his member however, this time his soft 1-inch dick was now stiff and much larger. 

"He couldn't be awake. He couldn't want what I want." Were a few of the million thoughts that flooded my brain.

I became bolder and wrapped my fingers around it- even bolder yet and slipped a few fingers under the waistband- just to touch the tip.

I heard him sigh deeply as if I had reached the destination he had been waiting for.

I knew this was as far as I would go- I wasn't gay. I had never fantasized about men or cocks. Every one of my dreams were about women. Somehow I gathered enough strength to release him from my hand.

It wouldn't die so easily.

Though his tired grumblings I could distinctly hear the word no.

I wasn't too surprised when he took my hand and led it back towards his heat.

"This is price I will have to pay." I thought. "Blackmail."

But somewhere down deep I melted. He didn't have to force me. I wanted it, I wanted it more than I had wanted anything- but at the same time he would have to teach me. I knew nothing of such things.

I unwrapped his present and allowed his semi-flaccid member to fall free. Quickly the little tent filled with the scent of musk and sex. His hormones rushed to my underdeveloped pituitary gland and triggered some kind of primordial urge and set forth a reaction that could never be undone.

I couldn't help myself. I leaned into him and took him into my mouth.

His throbbing meat warmed my mouth- the only thing that I could think to do was close my eyes and whimper silently to myself. Gradually I felt his hips begin to move upward- his member slipped effortlessly between my moist lips. 

He was fucking my mouth- at least I think that was what he was doing. After all, I knew nothing of such things.

I can still taste that taste- even now. It was strong yet at the same time that mucus-covered cock was everything I could ever desire.

He could have my mouth for as long as he wanted. He took me- right there by the stream in the little pup tent. For nearly a half an hour I serviced his meat with my tongue, my lips and my throat. I craved his liquid center and at times I felt like begging him for it.

Sadly I allowed him to remove his cock from my mouth. He pointed it in my direction and then continued his assault on my throat. For a moment his hand was a blur as he masturbated himself in my direction all I could do was kneel there before him with my mouth wide open.

It was my first blowjob.

His eyes rolled back in his head and he moaned- although his hips never stopped bucking and grinding.

A large glob of honey filled semen first oozed and then shot from the tiny slit in his cock. His aim was deadly accurate; it first filled my mouth and then ran down the back of my throat.

I ate every ounce of his cum while he rubbed his convulsing slick covered cock against my face.

I jerked off as I relished in his smell and his taste.

Okay so once I experimented- well if I am forced to admit the truth it was more than once- I am not a fag or a homo. Yes, truth be told, that one incident was just the introduction to something that would last forever.