 Everybody has read a story about a first time and they all seem too unbelievable, but mine really happened this way. 

I was 19 years old and at the age when my dick was hard all of the time. I had never done anything with a guy at that point in my life and really never thought about it. I was working at a Convenient Store downtown and had to pass downtown to get back home after closing at midnight. The newspaper had recently run a few stories about a section of town behind the only gay bar in town and how there was a road that ran behind the bar where guys would pick other guys up. 

The story ran because young guys (under 1 were turning tricks there and a successful lawyer in town had just been arrested for having sex with one. I used to always drive past that part of town and noticed cars driving slowly back there, but never really paid attention to it. However, there was one time where I was driving home late and pulled up beside a car with a sexy, drunk black lady in it and had gone home with her and had a wonderful night of hot sex. Needless to say, I always kept my eye out when I passed through town. 

What I learned after several times was that guys would circle the block and look for other guys either coming out of the club, or also circling the block. I started doing this also but was always too nervous to even look at the car that pulled up next to me. On this one particular night, I had a few beers in the store after closing so my courage was up and my inhibitions were down. I circled the block a few times and looked to my left at one of the lights and there was an older gentleman, about 45, that pulled up next to me and was waving at me. I didn't know what to do, so I just pulled away and circled the blocks a few more times. 

I was bravely drinking beers in the car so I was becoming more and more brave so that when the same car and the same guy pulled up next to me one more time, I waved back. He waved for me to follow him so I did. 

We pulled into one of the many deserted parking lots downtown and rolled down our windows to talk. It was your normal bull shit chit chat, but at least I was not so nervous that I drove away like I had in the past. He seemed like a nice guy and that made things easier for me. He asked if I wanted to follow him, so I said sure. 

We turned south from downtown and headed the way I would normally head to go home. About half way there, he turned into a nice neighborhood and eventually into a nice, big house on a nice street. I followed him into his house and we sat in the kitchen and began chatting. He asked me if I wanted a drink and I jumped at the chance because I had run out of beer and since the drinking age was 21 and I was only 19, I couldn't get anything else that night. After one drink in the kitchen, he suggested going to the basement to watch a movie. I knew he meant porn movie so I followed him into his basement. 

We got comfortable on the couch when the movie began and I can say that was the first time I had ever seen a gay porn movie. Between the alcohol (I wasn't drunk, but pleasantly buzzed) and the movie, I was getting very, very horny. Being 19 also helped me get horny really quickly. We sat there for a few minutes watching the movie and drinking our drinks and I was getting hornier and hornier. We finished our drinks so he took my empty glass and went upstairs to refill both glasses. 

While he was gone, I thought this was the chance to make a move so I stripped down to nothing and sat back on the couch. My big 8" cock was standing at attention and I rubbed it slowly as I watched the video. 

He must have been surprised when he came back down into the basement, but you couldn't tell. He set both of the drinks down on the table and came over to suck my cock. It felt fantastic and I offered no resistance. I had gotten blowjobs before from women, but guys' mouths are different somehow. They seem more moist and warmer. It felt fantastic. He stopped after a few minutes though and suggested getting more comfortable on the floor. 

He took the blanket off the back of the couch and spread it on the floor for us. I sat on the floor and he took off his clothes. I was shocked when I saw the size of his cock. I had not seen a whole lot of them, but knew mine was bigger than the 6" standard, and his was much bigger than mine. I guess that explains why I am so attracted to large cocks now. He came over to me and since I was already on the floor, I kneeled and began sucking his cock. It wasn't hard like mine, but it didn't take long to get that way. I sucked like a total amateur but he must have liked it because he let me do it for a little while. He was close to cumming I guess, but he didn't want to cum in my mouth. He told me to stop and to kneel on the floor. 

I wasn't totally naive, so I knew what he had in mind and it excited me. What I didn't know though was how much a big, thick cock like his was going to hurt. He was very, very nice about it and could tell I had never done it before so he took his time working it in my ass. I don't know what kind of lube he used, but it was good, because his cock was very, very slippery. He kept telling me to relax, which helped quite a bit, until eventually he had his cock all of the way in. He just left it there for a short time and reached around to play with my cock. As young as I was and as horny as I was, I was going to cum very quickly. He obviously knew that because he would work me to the point of cumming and then stop touching me. 

While he was doing that, he began pumping his cock into my ass very, very slowly. Before I knew it, he stopped playing with my cock and was slamming his cock into my ass like it was a woman's pussy. It felt really, really good. He stopped after a while though and pulled out of my ass. Since this was back in the early 80's and the pre HIV knowledge days, he had no rubber on. He then laid on his back so I could see his great big cock as hard as a rock and just about reaching his belly button. He told me to come over to him and he held his cock up straight with his hand and then told me to sit on his cock. 

Since I was lowering myself onto his cock, I controlled the pace this time but it didn't take long before I had it all the way back in. He took his hands and put them on my hips and began helping me bounce up and down on his cock. Doing this way was great because I controlled the pace and I could see his face. I could tell he really, really enjoyed it. It felt great to me too. It felt so great to both of us, it didn't take long before I felt like I was going to cum. I could tell from his face, he was about to cum too. I bounced up and down, he groaned more and more and before I knew it, I was cumming. 

He was cumming too so it was wonderful. I shot one of the biggest loads I had ever shot and got it on his face, in his hair and on the blanket we were laying on. I couldn't tell how much he came, but it sure felt like a lot. The orgasm finally ended and I just sat for a second while my legs recovered. My dick got soft and so did his. It plopped out of my ass and took some of his cum with it. I didn't know what else to do so I just stood up and he got up with me. He could tell I was a newbie so he told me to wait for a second and he went into the downstairs shower and got me a warm, wet towel to clean myself with. I wiped my ass over and over to make sure I got all of the lube and then gave him his towel back. 

At that point, I was feeling a twinge of guilt and didn't know what to say so there was little conversation. I told him I had to hurry home so I got dressed and began to leave. He was a pretty nice guy so he was really cool about it and he even gave me $40 to keep. I wasn't expecting that, but it was very, very nice for a 19 year old working part time and going to school in the early 80's. I didn't make a habit out of taking money from guys from then on, but I sure thought about it. I continued cruising through that part of town the entire time I lived there but never did see that guy again. 

I just have to say if there was ever a perfect guy for your first time, it was him. He sure did set a lot of standards for me though but that's not so bad. If anybody is lucky enough to find somebody like this for their first, congratulations. I just wish I could go back in time and do it all over again.