 "Hey Dale, could you come in here for a second?" The words echoed in the bathroom.

My heart sank. How did he know my real name? Did he know the whole time? What the hell was he going to do to me? I slowly and carefully crept my way back into the bedroom. Paul was sitting on the bed my shorts were tossed next to him and my wallet was open in his lap. I was angry that he went through my stuff but more scared of what he was going to do. Would he go to my house and tell my parents? Would he come to my school and tell my friends? Or maybe something else more horrible that I couldn't even think of.

As soon as Paul saw me he sprang to his feet, marched over and grabbed me by the shoulder. He pushed me over and sat me down on the bed.

"I knew the minute I opened the door your were younger than you said. I just didn't know for sure till now." Paul barked sternly at me. "Do you think I'm an idiot?"

"N...no sir." I softly replied. I looked up at Paul, scared, shaking. I had no idea what I could or should do.

"And only 18... I don't know what we're going to do about this." Paul was still angry but I could tell he was thinking also.

Paul suddenly had a twinkle in his eye. He just thought of how to punish me.

"What if I tell your parents Dale? If you lied to me I bet you are lying to them! How about I go to your school tell your little friends you're my boyfriend, would you like that?"

"No! please don't." I cried out, unable to do much else.

"Oh no huh? Then how are you going to make this up to me?" Paul delighted in that question.

"I don't know but I'll do anything, I'm really sorry." I almost started to cry, I was pretty much backed into a corner.

"I'll tell you what Dale. You are going to be my new personal fuck toy. You better get used to it too because I have a lot of plans for you."

With that Paul walked over to his dresser. He opened the top drawer and rummaged around. He returned holding a small camera.

"Get on your knees Dale." Paul barked at me, as he dropped his shorts to the ground reveling his long soft dick again.

I did as I was told and was just a few inches from the delicious monster I had sucked off minutes earlier.

"Put it in your mouth Dale." Paul commanded, in an almost threatening tone.

I picked up the flaccid cock and put the head in my mouth and looked up at Paul. It was then he took a picture of me. Momentarily blinding me with the flash. 

"That's insurance. If you try to weasel out of this arrangement this will be sent to every person you know on Facebook and left in your mailbox for your parents to see. Do you understand me? You're mine now."

I was totally screwed. I guess I couldn't say I minded doing the things he wanted of me but I was still afraid of anyone finding out. Paul ordered me back on to the bed. I was so vulnerable, on top of being blackmailed I was still nude, exposed. 

"You are a virgin aren't you?" Paul asked bluntly.

I nodded my head in agreement.

"I thought so, that wasn't the best blowjob I've ever had." Returning to the dresser he left the camera behind and returned with a bottle of lube.

"Alright, we have a lot of work ahead to get you to be a good fuck toy, now bed over slut."

I did as I was told. I climbed back onto the bed. I was on all fours and my ass is very exposed. I stayed there for a few minuted until I felt something cold on my asshole. I jumped a little then realized it was Paul's fingers. He had lubed them up and was starting to push them into my hole.

"Fuck, you're tight. Looks like we'll be doing this all night." Paul eased in his fingers and started to feel around in my ass.

I actually never fingered in my ass before so this was all new to me. As I laid there, my ass up in there I couldn't help but feel turned on. I know this was a "punishment" but this is what I came here for isn't it? I could tell Paul was enjoying himself. My ass was like a new toy on Christmas to him. An unused gift. He commented on my supple, round ass cheeks, still poking around inside and stretching me with three fingers now. 

Paul told me to keep my head down and my ass up. He pulled his fingers out for a moment then I felt his full weight on the bed behind me. I knew he was about to fuck me. I thought I was ready, I was hoping I was. I felt him squeeze some more lube on my virgin hole then I felt the tip of this thick cock rubbing it in.

I've never wanted something so bad and yet, was so scared at the same time. Paul started to ease inside of me, spreading my ass cheeks open. I couldn't stop moaning as Paul pushed a few inches inside me. I yelped when it started to hurt.

"Don't worry boy, you'll be a loose slut before you know it." Paul hissed into my ear.

I couldn't tell how far he got inside of me, It felt like I just had a truck in there. He slowly took out what he had stuffed in and then began to reinsert it into my stretching hole. He continued that for quite a while until he was balls deep. I was surprisingly okay with it and it started to feel really good. Paul told me I was a natural cock slut the way I took to his fat dick in my ass.

He started taking his cock all the way out and going back in balls deep over and over. He was moaning but I could tell this wasn't strictly for pleasure he was training me. Training my ass specifically. He said I was taking it well and I couldn't get enough after it stopped hurting and I wish he'd never take his juicy cock out of my ass.

I had my face down in the mattress. My moans were muffled by it, I couldn't help myself, the feeling was so intense. My cock was hard as a rock at this point and dripping pre-cum all over the sheets. It took everything I had not to grab it and bust my load but I knew Paul wouldn't like that. From the intense feeling in my ass and even the slight breeze when Paul pushed back inside me was almost enough for my to cum.

That's when I felt Paul's hand reach around and start milking my cock. I lasted less than five strokes before I was shooting, what felt like the biggest load in my life. Some landed on my stomach and chest, the rest on the bed. I didn't have time to think when I felt Paul start fucking me faster.

"Oh fuck yes, you're so fucking tight now." He moaned as he plowed into me.

My ass hole was tightening and pulsed around his cock when I came and Paul was taking advantage of that. In not too much time Paul was dropping his own load, balls deep inside my ass.

___________________________

Thanks everyone for the comments and feedback. I hope this chapter was worth the setup :) I'll keep this going if you all let me know I should :) 