 Jeremy couldn't stop himself from staring at the man at the bar. He was on his third beer, trying to raise the courage to approach that fine specimen of blue-collar manhood he had been lusting after for the past hour and a half. It was a Tuesday night, and the small, dingy bar was dead, but Jeremy couldn't have wished for a better fit to his fantasies-a strapping, salt-of-the-earth buck to take his anal virginity. He'd driven 75 miles from the university, where he was in the anthropology graduate program, and he was determined to make it worthwhile, to at last satisfy the longing that had been with him since the first onset of puberty, a longing that was now making his body tremble with years of suppressed need-the longing to give himself to another man. At 26, he still didn't have much sexual experience; he'd fooled around, but hadn't given himself over yet to what he felt was his deepest, darkest desire. Jeremy's longing to have another man fuck his ass scared him, made him feel ashamed and dirty, but he couldn't deny the fact that his underwear was soaked with precum after abstractly fantasizing about what he'd like this man to do with him. He had to check to make sure it hadn't seeped through his jeans to leave a visible wet spot. 

Ralph had noticed the kid looking at him, trying to be sly, but as obvious as could be. He smiled to himself. Cast out the lure and reel 'em in, he thought, and Ralph's lure was particularly irresistible to a guy like Jeremy. Ralph knew that a lot of gay guys fetishized working class men, and he cultivated the look-Ralph worked in IT, but if some guy attracted to him wanted to think he was a construction worker or a trucker, who was he to burst their balloon? In his early 50s, Ralph kept his graying, thinning dark blond hair buzzed, his beard trimmed close. He went to the gym as regularly as he could to build his muscles, enhancing the presumption that his physique was the outcome of some kind of manual labor. Although he was kind of self-conscious about the little bit of a belly he just couldn't seem to lose, the snug-fitting faded denim work shirt Ralph was wearing tonight showed off his powerful upper body to full advantage-as well he knew. 

Finishing his beer, Jeremy was buzzed, but still in control of himself. He was aware that his hands were shaking, and his nervousness made his stomach feel like a washing machine in spin cycle. "But it's do or die, old boy, don't be a coward," he said to himself, looking to the man at the bar, hoping that the liquid courage and his horniness would carry him past his nerves. He pushed his chair away from the table and, making sure his erection had subsided enough, stood up. 

Ralph knew the kid was working up the guts to approach him. His alter ego, and the almost comic effect it had on other guys, tickled Ralph. The real source of his confidence wasn't something manufactured, though, but something he'd been lucky enough to be born with. In fact, as he'd caught this kid looking at him and taking a nervous swig from his bottle of beer, Ralph felt his confidence growing, inching along his thigh and starting to throb as he thought about what he'd like to do to little Mr. Foureyes over there. The young man was just the kind that really turned Ralph's crank-the shy, hesitant, bookish types that didn't know how sexy they were. And this example was mighty fine-tall and lean, with dark, close-cropped curly hair, awkward but handsome behind his glasses. "Just fucking adorable," Ralph thought, "and adorably fuckable." He adjusted his cap and waited patiently for the kid to get over his bashfulness, already, and make his move. 

***

Jeremy's glasses were on the bedside table, next to the rubbers and lube. He had followed Ralph home in his car, and after a couple more beers and awkward small talk, he managed to tell Ralph, with much hesitation and stammering and blushing, that he wanted to try bottoming, but he'd never done it before and was nervous. Ralph finished the beer he'd been working on and felt his cock stir inside his pants. The kid's shyness and embarrassment were getting him excited.

"Tell you what," Ralph said, leaning back against the arm of the sofa on which he and Jeremy were sitting so he could look the boy in the face and gauge his reaction. "You aren't the first guy I've broken in. If you wanna do this, I can take it slow and easy. We can take all night to get you ready, if it's what you need. But understand me on one thing." The tone of Ralph's voice made Jeremy look up from his nervously fidgeting hands. "Once you get me going, you're gonna follow through. You're not gonna tease me up until the point of no return and expect me to back off and be content with a case of blue balls. OK?" "Yeah, OK," Jeremy agreed, with more certitude than he really felt. 

Ralph had taken Jeremy to his bed, where they had made out, clumsily at first, but with intensifying heat as their attraction to one another ratcheted up their horniness. Ralph directed Jeremy's trembling hands to unbutton his work shirt and shrugged it off. He'd pulled Jeremy's sweater and undershirt off, and now the younger man lay bare-chested on Ralph's bed, propped up on his elbows to watch as the older man stripped down to his undershorts. Ralph straddled Jeremy and lowered his weight down onto the boy, pressing his growing hard-on into the kid's thigh. He watched as Jeremy's eyes widened. It was time to let the kid see what he had in store.

Ralph raised himself back up on his knees, looming up over Jeremy, stroking his cock through the fabric of his boxer shorts. Slowly, teasingly, he began pulling down his boxers, revealing inch by inch his big surprise. Jeremy stared in awe and apprehension. Even semi-hard, Ralph's uncut cock had to be eight inches and almost as thick around as Jeremy's wrist. A bead of precum caught the bedside light and glistened at the edge of his foreskin.

Hands on his hips, Ralph thrust his pelvis forward towards Jeremy and grinned. "How you like my fat boy, skinny boy?" Ralph's half-erect dick waggled from side to side. He gripped it and smirked, feeling himself getting harder as much from this cute kid's hungry gape as from the glide of his hand up and down his shaft. He got off on that look on men's faces when they saw his cock, that mixture of admiration, envy, lust, wonder, and intimidation. Ralph was proud of his big uncut cock; proud of the power it held over other men. Looking at Jeremy, he yanked his cock downwards, stroking himself slowly and deliberately, as if he was demonstrating to the younger man the proper handling of his hefty tool. With one hand Ralph cupped his balls and pulled his scrotum taught; with the other he gripped near the head, so he could work his foreskin, tugging to cover the head, then pulling it back to reveal the flared, deep maroon, gleaming knob. A silver thread of precum drooled from it onto Jeremy's thigh.

"You wanna touch it?" Ralph asked, already knowing the answer from Jeremy's open-mouthed stare. Jeremy sat up and reached out, carefully taking Ralph's cock in his hand, feeling its heat and weight as it jumped and hardened further. Ralph groaned; the boy's soft, tentative touch sent a shock of aching pleasure up the length of his shaft and into his balls and belly. He reached down, gently squeezing Jeremy's shoulder. "That's a boy." He put his hand over Jeremy's, guiding him to stroke the full length, lingering at the head to catch some of the precum flow, to make it nice and slick.

Jeremy felt himself trembling, hoping that it didn't show. What was he doing here? He remembered the older man's warning that if Jeremy let him get too far, he wouldn't stop. He could tell that Ralph was stronger, and could force himself onto him if he wanted. "Am I making a big mistake?" Jeremy wondered to himself, but his own hard-on, so intense that it felt like it could burst through his jeans, told him he wasn't going anywhere. And in spite of all of Ralph's tough talk, Jeremy felt surprisingly safe; he knew this was the man he wanted to fuck him for the first time. 

Still holding Jeremy by the shoulder, Ralph took his cock into his own hand, looking down appreciatively at his meat as he hefted it in his hand. "You like this boy? You want it?" Jeremy did want it, he ached for it, but he was afraid. "I-it's too big," Jeremy stammered. "I don't think I'll be able to take it." Still straddling Jeremy, Ralph lowered his body against the younger man's until Jeremy was once again flat on his back. Ralph laid his palm gently against Jeremy's cheek, but firmly pinned his wrist to the mattress with his other hand. The two men looked at each other. 

This boy was a bottom through and through, Ralph could tell, and could also tell he was long overdue to give up his ass and give in to his need. Ralph wanted this boy-he wanted to fuck him six ways till Sunday, fuck him so hard his bones would rattle. But he also wanted to break through his fear. Having taken the anal virginity of quite a few men, Ralph had learned a thing or two about how to go about it. He knew Jeremy was the kind who needed to know who was boss if he was going to get over his apprehension. 

"Oh, you're gonna take it, alright," Ralph told Jeremy, caressing his face as he looked into his eyes, seeing the intensity of desire behind the surface fear. "It doesn't matter what you think you can take, 'cause now you got no choice. I'm fucking that sweet little ass of yours tonight." "Please..." Jeremy whispered, grasping Ralph by the wrist with his free hand. But even he wasn't sure if he meant, "Please let me go" or "Please do whatever you want to me." Ralph gently grasped Jeremy by his wrists, raising his arms over his head, and pressed them to the headboard. Holding Jeremy's arms up with one hand, Ralph let the other glide down the younger man's torso, past his hips, and began undoing his jeans. He slid his hand down Jeremy's waistband, pausing momentarily to caress his erection, then to fondle his balls. Ralph crooked his forefinger underneath, lightly touching the super-sensitive area just below Jeremy's scrotum. Making a beckoning gesture, Ralph tickled Jeremy's perineum, then slid his finger farther down, until he found Jeremy's asshole. He slowly circled it with the tip of his finger. Jeremy writhed. 

"It would please me to know you want this as much as I do, and I don't wanna hurt you," he said firmly, "So it's best if you just accept I'm gonna fuck you and try to relax and let me in." Jeremy's throat was dry, but his underwear had never been so wet from precum. "OK," he whispered, looking into Ralph's face for assurance. 

"OK. Good boy. Lift your ass up," Ralph instructed, and as Jeremy obediently arched his backside off the bed he felt his pants and underwear slide down the length of his legs, then his socks plucked off. Completely naked, his cock liberated from its damp underwear confines, Jeremy's hard-on sprang almost perpendicular from his body. The boy was so hard, Ralph noticed, that his cock visibly throbbed in time with his pulse. Ralph gave Jeremy a lopsided grin as he nodded appreciatively at Jeremy's dick. "Looks like you're interested, buddy," Ralph said. Jeremy's face turned red, but not a drop of blood left his engorged cock.

"I'd like to keep lookin' at that fine piece of yours, but it's time for you to roll over on your belly and let me get started," Ralph told Jeremy. "The first time'll be easier for you if you get on your hands and knees, little man." Shame and desire fought in Jeremy's body as he rolled over onto his stomach and raised himself up on all fours. "This is what you've wanted," he told himself. "It's time to man up and just get it over with." Jeremy had fantasized about this moment, masturbated to imagined scenarios since he was thirteen, but with a cock that size, finally giving up his ass was going to be a trial by fire.

"Ass up, head down, little man," Ralph cheerfully instructed, giving Jeremy a playful slap on his fuzzy butt cheek. Jeremy complied, but fought the urge to bury his face into the pillow in shame. "Oh, yeah, that's a pretty picture," Ralph cooed. He cupped Jeremy's firm, pale ass cheeks in each palm, groping them lustfully before parting them, eager for a first look at his target. "You got a hairy ass, little man," Ralph chuckled. Jeremy, self-conscious about his hairiness, tensed. "Just the way I like," Ralph told him softly, probing with a finger into the dark, furry crevice. Jeremy was perspiring heavily with nervousness, "You sweat much more, you're gonna be slick enough we won't need any lube," Ralph joked. He was trying to keep things light to put the kid at ease, but the trickles of sweat running from Jeremy's backbone along his sides and down the crack of his ass made Ralph so aroused that he wanted to drill this kid like a jackhammer. He could already taste that sweat as he kneaded Jeremy's ass more roughly, parting the rounds of flesh to fully expose the pink pucker visible through the damp tangle of hair. "Oh, yeah," Ralph whispered to himself. Almost as much as I like fucking them, Ralph thought, I like getting 'em ready. 

"I'm gonna work on getting you ready, loosening up that hole of yours," Ralph told Jeremy. "You ready for me?" "Yeah," Jeremy managed to whisper. He squeezed his eyes closed, bracing himself as he felt Ralph grasp and spread his ass wide, the man's thumbs poised on either side of his hole. Feeling his asshole exposed and scrutinized, shame raged inside him, but at the same time the coolness of the air on his open hole made Jeremy tingle, and hearing Ralph murmur softly, "Oh, fuck, yeah," made his cock twitch. Jeremy held his breath and winced in anticipation of the pain. And then-a sensation that he hadn't been expecting, warm and wet and teasing. He realized, astonished, that Ralph was licking his ass, from tailbone to taint. Almost as good as the soft wet sensation of the man's spit and tongue was the pleasurable itchy-tickling of his beard scruff on a part of Jeremy's body that no one else had ever seen, let alone touched, let alone stuck an eager tongue into. He had never felt anything like it, but a sudden wave of embarrassment interrupted the pleasure and he squirmed. Ralph's grip on Jeremy's ass cheeks slackened. "You like that, boy?" Ralph tapped Jeremy's pucker lightly. Jeremy, whimpering his desire in spite of himself, signaled Ralph to keep going. 

Gently but firmly Ralph spread his ass open wider. Jeremy felt a stretch across his hole, and then Ralph's tongue probing. Jeremy moaned softly. He opened his eyes and looked back over his shoulder. He saw Ralph kneeling behind him, elbows splayed, making a slurpy smacking sound, like a dog eating, The force with which Ralph was trying to penetrate his hole with his tongue made Jeremy realize that Ralph was enjoying this just as much, and maybe more, than he. Jeremy relaxed and let the suppressed pleasure wash over him. 

"Boy, I could eat your sweet ass all night, but you got my cock so hard right now I'm just aching to take a poke at you." Ralph had stopped licking and poking, and Jeremy felt trickles of liquid down his thighs-sweat, spit, or both? "You ready for the next stage?" Scared but aroused, Jeremy told the older man it was OK. Again he closed his eyes and braced himself for what was about to come. He felt Ralph's big hands cup his ass cheeks, fondling, then squeezing, then rotating his hands so his thumbs slid along Jeremy's crack. He felt Ralph part his ass cheeks, exposing his hole again and held his breath. "Spread your legs a bit more," Ralph instructed, and Jeremy rocked his weight from one knee to the other to take a wider stance. Ralph smoothed the saliva-matted curls away from Jeremy's hole, and spat into his cupped hand. 

Jeremy felt the warm, slick sensation of Ralph's finger soothing the spit onto his hole, and the reassuring weight of the man's hand on his lower back. "Relax, now, just relax," Ralph coached, and Jeremy willed himself to loosen up. Ralph rubbed a spit-slick finger against Jeremy's pucker then slowly began to penetrate him. Jeremy gasped as he felt the man's finger enter him, and Ralph paused. "OK?" Ralph asked. "Yeah, just a little surprised, is all" Jeremy answered, and after a moment admitted, "It feels good." 

"That's my boy!" The praise felt almost as good. Ralph spat directly down onto Jeremy's hole as he squirmed his finger in. Jeremy felt a ring of resistance inside himself open to accommodate Ralph's finger gently pushing inside him. It did feel good, so good-a hundred times better than when Jeremy did it to himself while he jacked off and fantasized about being fucked. "This guy knows what he's doing," Jeremy thought, as Ralph's finger slid in and out, slowly at first, then speeding up, then slowing down again, sometimes shallow, sometimes deep and forceful, getting Jeremy used to the sensation, the pace, of what fucking would be like. 

With his free hand Ralph reached for the bottle on the nightstand; the cold spurt of lube felt delicious on the heat of Jeremy's hole. "You're doing good, there, little man. I'm gonna try two, now..." Before Jeremy could speak, Ralph began wriggling the second finger in. Jeremy felt Ralph's pointer and index fingers slide inside him with surprising ease. Once inside, Ralph spread his fingers, rock-paper-scissors style. "Oh, god," Jeremy whispered. "You like that, huh, boy?" Ralph continued to spread and probe, "I wanna get you ready, wanna open you up a little bit more for me." The boy was so fucking tight that Ralph was afraid he was going to cause him pain, but damn, how fucking good that tightness was going to feel! 

Jeremy was trying to keep himself from moaning his pleasure at the slippery in and out. "Think you can take three?" Ralph asked as he continued thrusting and flexing his fingers up Jeremy's ass. "If you can take three, then it'll be almost like the real thing." The third finger made Jeremy wince and cry out. Now it didn't feel so good, and Jeremy felt himself tense up, causing the pain to sharpen. "Relax, boy, just breathe, I'll take it slow." Jeremy tried to loosen up again, but was now worried that he wouldn't be able to open for Ralph's big cock. But he knew he wanted to try-not only to satisfy his long-denied hunger of feeling another man inside him, but also out of desire to please this man, to give up his control and his body for this man to use for his pleasure. 

Ralph pulled out and thumbed more lube into Jeremy before starting over, one, two, and then three. Now it felt OK. In a few minutes, it felt amazing. Without being aware he was doing so, Jeremy was rocking on his knees, thrusting himself back to meet Ralph's hand as he pushed in. "Aw, that's my boy." Ralph chuckled and caressed the younger man's back. Both of them knew that Jeremy's inhibitions were almost gone, and his need to be fucked filled the room, enveloping the two men like an aura of desire. 

Ralph pulled his slippery fingers from Jeremy and wiped them on the towel by the bed. Jeremy was still obediently on his hands and knees. Both of them were breathing fast, senses heightened, cocks hard, dripping sweat and precum onto Ralph's sheets. "Sit up and look at me, little man," Ralph instructed, and Jeremy raised himself into a kneeling position. Facing the older man. Jeremy yearned to touch him and reached out to lay his palm against the sweaty hair plastering Ralph's muscular chest. Ralph smiled and pulled Jeremy to him for a kiss. Jeremy's hand slid down Ralph's sweat-slick torso until it fell on that which he both feared and wanted. Stroking its damp, veiny length, Jeremy looked down at Ralph's cock, wondering at the size and hardness and heat of what he would be welcoming, or trying to welcome, into the most secret and hidden part of his body. 

Ralph groaned at the feel of the boy's hand on his cock. Jeremy continued looking down, touching, groping, testing. Ralph cupped Jeremy's chin in his palm and pulled his face to his own. "Look at me, boy, in the eye," Ralph commanded, and Jeremy met his gaze. 
