 INTRODUCTION

In Chapter one Artie had a reluctant encounter with his best friend Lee. Artie wasn't reluctant for long as he quickly learned that he liked sucking Lee's cock. Then when Lee fucked him, Artie knew that he was gay. Artie loved the feel of Lee's cock fucking him and cumming in his ass. Artie was then scared when teacher caught him jerking off but that quickly changed when the teacher Jack Connors fucked Artie with his impressive cock. 

Later that Saturday and Sunday morning Lee fucked Artie five more times and Artie loved every session. Lee had also masturbated Artie a couple of times much to Artie's delight. Even though neither Lee nor Jack were gay and were not interested in cock, Artie was ecstatic about having sex with them. Now Artie faced another dilemma and that was whether to visit Jack's home on the upcoming Saturday. Jack had been emphatic about Artie being there by 1:00 PM.

That week in school Artie felt very different and he looked at his classmates in a very different way. He found that he liked being in the locker room after gym class seeing the naked bodies of the other boys. Artie had always liked looking at the boy's naked bodies but now he knew why. All week Artie studied his classmates in hopes of finding a signal that any one of them might be gay. 

By the time the weekend arrived Artie was crazy with desire to have sex. He contacted Lee but Lee was going out with Sharon on Friday night and he planned to stay over at her place. Then Artie remembered the card that Jack had given him. He retrieved from his dresser and read it again. Artie then decided to visit Jack as he was told on Saturday afternoon.

MORE DISCOVERIES FOR ARTIE

Artie arrived at the address given to him by Jack 15 minutes early. Artie stayed in his car until it was almost 1:00 PM and then he walked up to the front door of Jack's modest ranch style house. Artie rang the doorbell and the door opened immediately as if Jack was waiting by the door. Artie trembled slightly when he saw Jack's imposing athletic figure dressed only in a pair of snug athletic shorts.

"Right on time Artie, come on in," Jack told him.

Artie followed Jack into the house and for a split second he thought that he should turn around and run out of the house. Jack told Artie to sit down and then offered him something to drink. Artie asked for a beer since it was what Jack was drinking. Jack got the beer for Artie and then Artie started to relax in Jack's presence.

"So Artie you told me that you are 18 years old but when did you realize that you were gay?" Jack began

"Actually last Saturday was my first gay experience," Artie admitted.

"Are you serious? I was your first," Jack asked in surprise.

"No it was with my friend Lee. We were playing tennis when it started to rain so we got under the overhang by the door. Then we found the door was open so we went inside. We were only going to get out of the rain but things happened so fast," Artie told Jack.

"So what happened?" Jack pressed.

"Well my friend and I started to wrestle and then he pulled off my shorts and briefs. I had a boner and he teased me about it. Then he had me suck his cock and I found that I liked doing it. He came in my mouth and then he fucked me. He was getting some towels from the locker room when you came in," Artie retold the encounter.

"I'll be damned. So he was still in the building when I fucked you."

"Only for a few minutes, then he went outside and waited in the car."

"So did you have more sex that day?"

"Yes, Lee my friend stayed over at my house and he fucked me two more times. Then on Sunday morning he fucked me four more times. He even jerked my cock for me," Artie related.

"Is your friend Lee gay?"

"No he has a girlfriend. It was the first time he ever had sex with a guy but he said fucking and ass and getting a blow job are no different from a guy or a girl," Artie replied.

"Your friend is right but it is what the ass looks like and how cute the guy is. You're a pretty young boy and you have a great looking ass. I date women too but when I see a pretty boy like you I like to fuck him," Jack admitted.

"Have you got to fuck anyone or has anyone sucked your cock yet?" Jack asked.

"No, I was hoping that I could spot some boy at school that looked gay but I haven't," Artie confessed.

"Well let's see if we can fix that. I'm going to make a call. Get another beer if you like," Jack said as he left the room.

Artie didn't need another beer as he still had half left. He wondered who Jack was going to call and what was on Jack's mind. His thoughts were interrupted when Jack returned to the room smiling.

"You're in luck; I invited my friend Pete and his pretty boy Kim over this afternoon. You will get to fuck Kim and he will suck your cock. I know that you will like him," Jack revealed.

"Is Kim Asian?" Artie asked.

"He is Thai and he is very pretty with a very nice round ass," Jack replied and then said, "Artie I want you to play with my cock and suck it while we are waiting for Pete and Kim. First take off your clothes," Jack directed.

Artie did as he was told and he took off his clothes revealing his pretty naked hairless body and curvy ass. Jack stood up and dropped his shorts and his big 8" cock leaped out and bobbed in front of him. Artie stared at the big thick cock and wondered how he ever took it in his ass last week. Jack sat back down and he had Artie sit between his legs. Artie stroked Jack's cock and licked the shaft up and down. Jack coached Artie as Artie fell in love with the big cock. Jack did not want to cum before Pete and Kim arrived in fact he wanted his first load to go into Kim's ass. Jack had Artie back off and slow down any time he felt close to cumming. 

Artie was by then crazy with desire and his own cock throbbed with the need for relief. He wished that Jack would cum in his mouth and that he could jerk off but Jack was insistent. Finally the door bell rang and Jack answered the door naked and sporting an erection. Artie remained seated on the floor and looked on as Pete and Kim entered the house. Artie was shocked to see Kim dressed like a girl.

"So you started without us hey," Pete said.

"Artie get up and come here," Jack ordered.

Artie got up and walked over to meet Jack's guests. Artie's 6" cock was still stiff and stood out from his pubes. Artie continued to stare at Kim and he was convinced that Kim was a girl and could not possibly be a boy.

"Hi I'm Pete," the handsome muscular man said holding out his hand to Artie and then said, "You're right Jack; he is a little cutie."

Then Pete said, "This is my pretty boy Kim."

Kim held out his hand and Artie shook it. He couldn't believe how soft and feminine Kim's hand felt. "I'm sorry to stare but you look so much like a girl," Artie apologized.

"Kim is in training to become more ladylike. He is taking female hormones and he had started to develop breasts. Show his your titties Kim," Pete said.

Kim took off his blouse and small bra baring his cute little titties. They were like the little mounds of a budding young girl. Artie stared at Kim as he was enamored with the boy's beauty. Kim then took off the remainder of his skirt, hose and panties. He stood proudly in front of everyone as he was pleased with his body. Pete was then the only one still dressed.

Pete slipped off his clothes as Jack announced, "It's time to get this party going."

Artie continued to stare at Kim as he assessed the young Thai boy, actually Kim was 20 years old but Artie would learn that later. Kim stood at about 5'5" and weighed about 140 pounds. His hair was long and black but was tied up into two pigtails. Kim had very shapely legs, a narrow waist and a luscious curvy ass. Kim was also sporting an erection but even hard it was no more than 4" long. 

Jack walked up behind Kim and ran his hands around to Kim's breasts as his cock slid between the cheeks of Kim's ass. "Your titties are really coming along nicely," Jack said.

Then Jack told everyone, "Let's go into the playroom."

Jack Connors used on bedroom of his three bedroom home as a playroom. There floor was covered with thick mats that were soft and cushiony. There were lubricants and towels in the room along with a massage table that was folded up and out of the way. 

Kim and Artie were placed on all fours side by side as Pete got behind Artie and Jack got behind Kim. Jack then began to fondle and lubricate Kim's ass as Pete did the same to Artie. The two muscular men looked imposing as they prepared the asses of their delicate looking lovers. Then once they were well lubed Jack eased his cock in Kim's ass and Pete eased his cock into Artie's ass. The two men became a slow methodical fucking of the two lovely asses. 

Artie lowered his head to the floor and looked over at Kim. Then Kim also lowered his head to the floor, turned toward Artie and smiled at him. Kim then reached over and held Artie's hand as the two of them were fucked thoroughly by two sizeable cocks. Artie liked holding Kim's hand and he suddenly felt close to Kim. 

Jack and Pete were charged and they knew they would not last long in the boy's asses. Jack had been looking forward to fucking Kim again and Artie had done a good job with the foreplay. Jack's body stiffened and he released a massive load into Kim's ass. Kim could feel the surge as Jack's semen shot into his rectum. Pete then ejaculated into Artie's ass as he was incredibly turned on to be fucking the cute teenager. Pete and Jack remained in the boy's asses until their cocks softened and slipped out. Trails of semen seeped out and trickled down the inside of the boy's thighs.

The Kim blew Artie's mind when he moved over to Artie and kissed him. Artie was caught off guard by the kiss and he was really shocked when Kim's tongue entered Artie's mouth. However Artie returned the kiss and he found that he liked Kim's soft lips and probing tongue. Within seconds the two boys were French kissing and caressing each other's body. Then Kim broke the kiss and moved down to Artie's cock. Artie was so ready to cum that he could not control himself and he ejaculated into Kim's mouth after just a few sucks. Kim sucked Artie's cock dry and then he moved back up Artie's body. Kim kissed Artie again and Artie could taste his own semen as Kim pushed it into his mouth. They swapped kisses for a while and then Kim moved again. This time Kim moved his small hard cock to Artie's mouth and Artie willingly sucked it in. Kim was also charged and it did not take long for him to cum in Artie's mouth. Artie replicated what Kim had done and then they kissed again.

Jack and Pete watched the two boys make love as they stroked their big cocks back to hardness. As Kim broke the kiss with Artie he asked, "Would you like to fuck me now?"

"Oh my God, yes!" Artie squealed excitedly.

"Fuck me like a girl, Artie," Kim said as he got on his back and raised his legs.

Artie moved into position and his cock slid easily into Kim's well used asshole. Artie was excited beyond words to be fucking his first ass. Artie moved slowly as if to relish every second that he was buried in Kim's ass. Kim then reached up and pulled Artie down to him. The two boys French kissed again as Artie fucked Kim in the missionary position. Artie could feel Kim's little erect cock as they fucked and the Artie felt the spurt of Kim's cum shoot between then and coat their skin. Artie was beside himself and he felt as if he was falling in love with Kim. Artie felt that he would always be indebted to Jack Connors for introducing him to Kim.

The Artie felt his balls tighten and the pressure in his scrotum. A few more thrusts and then Artie buried his cock as deep as he could in Kim's ass as he ejaculated into the pretty Thai boy. "Oh I feel it," Kim cried out and then he kissed Artie again. The two boys kissed, hugged and caressed one another until Artie's cock softened and slipped from Kim's wonderful ass. The two boys remained in their embrace until they felt stronger hands pulling them apart.

Kim and Artie were then placed on their sides facing each other in a 69 position. Artie felt Pete get behind him and shove his cock back into Artie's ass. Jack did the same with Kim and the two rugged men began fucking the petite feminine looking boys again. Kim and Artie then reached for the other's cock and began playing with them as they were fucked hard and fast. The two boys maneuvered their bodies closer so that they could suck each other's cock as they were fucked from behind. The four of them kept at it until they all came again with Jack and Pete flooding the two shapely asses with their massive loads. 

Jack and Pete then left the two boys in the playroom as they grabbed a couple of more beers and sat in the family room watching football. Kim and Artie were tired and temporarily drained but they cuddled and caressed each other's body. Artie wished that somehow he would be able to see Kim on a regular basis but he knew that Kim belonged to Pete. Artie hoped that maybe Jack would invite them all over again so that he could make love with Kim.

"Hey you two, come out here and join us," Jack's boisterous voice resounded.

Artie and Kim got to their feet and joined Jack and Pete in the family room where they were drinking beer and watching college football. Jack and Pete were still naked and they were both sporting boners. 

"We got horny watching those cheerleaders so we need you two to take care of us," Pete said laughing and then spoke to Kim, "Remind me to get you a cheerleading outfit so we can have some fun at home."

"Come over here Artie and suck my cock. I have been ignoring you today but that's because I don't get to fuck Kim that often," Jack offered.

Arties got on the floor between Jack's legs and stroked Jack's cock as he kissed Jack's balls. Then Artie began to lick the big shaft up and down and then he took the head in his mouth. Jack moaned as Artie bobbed his head up and down on Jack's cock. Kim in the meantime had assumed the position and he was now sucking Pete's cock. The two pretty boys sucked the two impressive cocks until Jack decided to fuck Artie.

"Artie lean over the sofa so I can fuck your cute ass," Jack told him. 

"I have a better idea. Let Artie suck my cock while you fuck him. Kim get under Artie so you can suck his cock while he gets it at both ends," Pete stated.

Everyone moved into position and within minutes Jack was fucking Artie's ass with his big dick. Artie was sucking Pete's equally large cock as Kim was sucking Artie's pecker. Artie was on cloud nine as he felt sex couldn't get any better than this but then Pete changed things around and it did get better.

Pete had Kim get on all fours and told Artie to fuck Kim in the ass. Then Jack put his cock back in Artie's ass and Artie resumed sucking Pete's cock. Pete told Kim to lick his balls while Artie sucked his cock. Artie didn't think that it was possible to cum again that day but he was turned on beyond belief. Artie could feel the power of Jack's huge cock hitting home with each thrust. Jack's thrust caused Artie to move forward and sink his cock into Kim's ass. 

Artie had one hand around the shaft of Pete's cock so that he did not gag on it. Kim sucked on Pete's balls and licked Pete's perineum as the four of them drove toward their release. Pete was the first to cum and he fired several rounds into Artie's mouth. Kim knew that Pete was cumming from the way his balls tightened up. Kim then released Pete's balls and joined Artie in sucking Pete's cock. They passed the spurting rod back and forth until Pete sat back in the sofa totally drained. Artie and Kim then kissed each other and passed Pete's cum back and forth between their lips.

Watching that scene did it for Jack and he drove hard into Artie's ass as he released a torrent of semen into Artie's rectum. Artie felt the surge and the warm liquid fill his passage. Jack's forceful ejaculation sent Artie over the edge and he shot his wad into Kim's ass. As Artie ejaculated his sphincter muscles contracted and he squeezed the remaining semen from Jack's cock. Kim then rolled over and began jerking his cock but Artie dropped down and took it in his mouth. Kim spurted in Artie's mouth and Artie sucked him dry. The four of them were definitely done for the day.

Jack and Pete then showered and dressed and had another beer while Kim and Artie showered. Then Pete hit Jack with an offer. "Jack, I have to travel overseas for a month. Kim will be home alone so I was wondering if he could spend sometime with you. It wouldn't have to be everyday."

"Are you kidding I would love to have Kim stay here and I would prefer it if he moved in for a month. I will take him over to your place on weekends and check on the house," Jack accepted.

"That's great, I know Kim will appreciate it," Pete added.

Just then Kim dressed in the same blouse and skirt entered the room and once again everyone admired the way he resembled a girl. Pete told Kim about the plans for him to stay with Jack and Kim nodded his agreement. Pete noticed Artie's sad face and said something to cheer him up.

"Don't worry Artie, I'll have you over a few times and the three of us can have some fun," Jack said.

Artie's face brightened and he broke into a smile, "I'd like that."

Pete and Kim then left Jack's place to head home as did Artie. When Artie got in his car he checked the time. Then he realized that they had been at it for almost five hours. Artie drove home sexually sated and exhausted but he was thrilled with his new found life style and he looked forward to seeing Kim again.

ARTIE MAKES A DISCOVERY AT SCHOOL

It was another long week at school after the sex marathon at Jack's house. Artie appetite for sex had become insatiable and he was disappointed that he still had not discovered another gay guy at school. At least Lee was coming over to the house after school the Friday afternoon. 

That Friday, Artie realized that he left a book in his gym locker that he needed for an assignment that weekend. Physical Education was the last class of the day for Artie. He returned to his locker to retrieve the book about 20 minutes after class. The school had emptied out and Artie did not expect anyone to be in the locker room. He entered the locker room and heard the shower running and he could hear voices just loud enough not to be drained out by the water. Artie heard the one voice louder than the others and he knew it was a teacher speaking. Artie could hardly believe his ears.

"Let's get you're cocks and assholes nice and clean and then we'll have some fun," the teacher said to whoever was in the shower.

Artie's curiosity got the better of him and he just had to see who the teacher was talking to. Artie peaked around the shower wall and saw the three naked bodies. It was the teacher Mr. Penny and two 18 year old boys Ronnie and Bobby. Mr. Penny was washing Ronnie's body and stroking Ronnie's cock with one hand while he fingered Ronnie's asshole with the other hand. Bobby stood by and stroked his own cock as he watched his classmate get fondled and fingered. 

Mr. Penny was naked and he was sporting an impressive boner. Artie guessed the teacher's cock to be about 8" long and at least 5" around. Just about the same size as Jack's cock. Artie noticed that Bobby and Ronnie had average size cocks, the same size as his at about 6". Satisfied that Ronnie was clean, Mr. Penny turned his attention to Bobby and he was soon stroking Bobby's throbbing cock and fingering Bobby's asshole. This time Ronnie stroked his cock while he watched the teacher play with Bobby's body. 

Artie broke away for a minute and ran to the locker room door and locked it from the inside. He did not want anyone else to enter the locker room while he was there. Artie then returned to his vantage point to watch the action. When he looked back in the shower room, Bobby and Ronnie were standing back to back with their naked buttocks touching as Mr. Penny jerked both their cocks.
