 PRELUDE

Jerry Barnes was sitting on the front porch of his parent's house reading the morning paper and listening to the patter of rain. It was forecast to rain all day so he knew he would be staying at home. He normally went to the community pool to hang out with his friends but not that day. He finished reading the newspaper, refreshed his coffee and got a magazine to look at. He thumbed through the magazine and came to the section he liked the most. It was a picture of three guys engaged in sex. One guy, a very cute blonde, was getting fucked as he sucked a cock. The two dark haired guys were very fit and well endowed.

Jerry perused the pictorial until he came to the last image which showed the three guys cumming. The blonde ended up with three substantial loads on his chest and abs as the two muscular guys posed with their large cocks. Jerry got an erection looking at the photos as he always did. He liked looking at the pictures and fantasizing that he was the blonde with the two studs. He pushed down his workout shorts and freed his cock. Jerry masturbated as he looked out into the street with the rain coming down.

As he continued to stare into space and stroke his cock, he wished he could have sex with someone that day. Then as if his prayers were answered a car pulled up across the street and he saw two guys that he knee get out. Tyler and Devin looked over at Jerry's house and then headed his way. He could hardly hide his excitement as he quickly pulled up his shorts and hid the magazine under the cushion. The two handsome hunks had come to see him.

Tyler and Devin had summer jobs working for a roofing company. They were a year older than Jerry's 18 years and they had finished their freshman year in college. The roofing job was a summer job for both of them but they would not be working this rainy day. They both had girlfriends but this day they came to see Jerry as the girls were busy and the guys were horny. Jerry was thrilled to see them as he loved to have sex with them and they were very discreet.

The two hunks walked up the steps and they were pleased to see Jerry on the porch. "Hi guys what's up?" Jerry asked knowing what was on their minds.

"We have an unplanned day off with the rain so we thought we'd see what you were up to," Devin replied.

"Or up for," Tyler added with a chuckle.

"You guys want some coffee?" Jerry offered.

"Maybe later but right now we are very horny. Are you up for some fun?"

"Always with you two," Jerry responded knowing better than to mention their girlfriends, "Come on in."

Within minutes the three of them were naked in Jerry's bed. Jerry was on all fours sucking Devin's impressive cock while Tyler fucked Jerry's lovely curvy bottom. Once Devin and Tyler came they would switch positions and go again. After the first round of sex they would rest have some coffee and then have more sex. Tyler and Devin stayed at the house for hours and when they left their balls were empty and they were sexually sated. 

INTRODUCTION

Jerry Barnes was a closet gay as it was a time in society that it was safer that way. He knew early on that he liked boys better than girls but no one else knew that except other gays. He was an excellent musician and got along great with students in the fine arts. He was a good looking young man and some gays actually thought he was pretty. He was slender but in good shape at 5'6" and 140 pounds. He had curly blonde hair that he liked to wear long much to the dislike of his father.

Jerry's first introduction to gay sex was with his older cousin. Barry was 21 years old and also a closet gay although he had access to places that Jerry did not. Barry came to town to celebrate Jerry's 18th birthday and he stayed at the house in the guest room. The day after the party after Jerry's parents left for work, Barry made his move. Jerry sensed that something was up with his cousin but he couldn't put his finger on it. It would be a day he would always remember.

Barry got out of bed first and went in to take his shower. When he finished showering he was drying off when he stared at his cousin Jerry standing at the sink nude brushing his teeth. Barry looked at his cousin's well toned body and his round shapely ass. Jerry like Barry was tanned golden brown except for their asses and pubes. They had tan lines that actually accentuated their asses against the tanned bodies. Barry felt a stirring in his loins. 

Barry was the more assertive so it was natural for him to make the first move. He hung up the towel and stepped from the shower. Instead of moving to his own sink he moved behind his cousin. Barry let his hand graze over Jerry's shapely buttock. Barry felt a sensation move through his body like an electric charge and his cock became erect at the touch of his cousin's skin. Jerry's buttocks tightened at the touch as he too felt electricity run through his body. Barry caressed Jerry's ass again and Jerry's cock sprung to attention.

Barry stepped up close to his cousin and wrapped his arms around his chest and nuzzled his neck. Jerry felt Barry's erect cock pressed against his ass and he sighed deeply. Barry's hands moved down Jerry's chest over his abs and covered his pubes. Barry took Jerry's cock in one hand and cupped Jerry's balls in the other as Barry's cock nestled into the crack of Jerry's ass. Jerry groaned as Barry stroked his cock and fondled his testicles.

Barry then turned Jerry around to face him and kissed him deeply. As their tongues dueled, Barry reached down and grabbed both their erect cocks in one hand and stroked them together. They stayed like that for several minutes until Barry dropped down on his knees and took his cousin's cock in his mouth. He sucked on Jerry for a short while before he stood up and spoke.

"Let's go back to bed and we can suck each other," Barry whispered.

The cousins went back to the room and they both got in Barry's bed. Barry showed Jerry how to move into a 69 position as they lay on their sides. Barry took Jerry's cock back into his mouth and Jerry followed Barry's lead. The two of them sucked cock and they relished the feeling of the soft mushroom heads in their mouths. They took the cocks as deep in their mouths as they were comfortable with doing as they made love to each other. Barry grabbed Jerry's ass cheeks and held them as he sucked Jerry's cock. Jerry copied every move that Barry made and soon they were both sucking and fondling each other's ass. 

Barry moved a finger between Jerry's ass cheeks and tickled his anus and again Jerry did the same thing to his cousin. Jerry felt a surge pass through his loins and his testicles tightened signaling that he was about to cum. Then he felt his cum travel from his scrotum through his cock and blast into his cousin's mouth. Barry just held on to Jerry's ass and swallowed Jerry's load as it shot into his mouth. Barry then rubbed his cousin's balls as he drank down every drop of his cousin's cum. Jerry was in ecstasy as he enjoyed his ejaculation into another guy's mouth for the first time in his life. 

Jerry had stopped sucking Barry's cock briefly as he savored the moment of cumming in his cousin's mouth but then he resumed sucking Barry's cock. Barry shot his load shortly thereafter and flooded Jerry's mouth with cum. Jerry did just as his cousin had done and swallowed as fast as he could to capture every drop of Barry's cum. They continued to hold to each other and suck each other in the 69 position. They were both so turned on that they remained hard. They could have cum again in each other's mouth but Barry wanted to take it to the next step.

"I want to fuck you Jerry," Barry whispered to his cousin.

The two beautiful cousins separated from their 69 position and Barry told Jerry to get on all fours. Jerry did as he was told and positioned himself on all fours. Jerry was leery of the anal penetration and he looked back over his shoulder with trepidation at his cousin.

"Don't worry Jerry people have been doing this for thousands of years. I will grease you up good before I fuck you," Barry said trying to sound reassuring.

Barry played with Jerry's ass a long time as he loved fingering his cousins bung-hole and caressing his shapely ass. Jerry stayed hard throughout the ass fucking foreplay and at one time he thought that he might cum again. It was just then that Barry told him to turn over. Jerry lifted his legs and placed them on Barry's shoulders as Barry directed.

"I want to see the expression on your face when I fuck you and take your virginity," Barry said in a raspy voice.

Barry placed the head of his cock at Jerry's ass and pressed forward testing his hole. Jerry could feel the pressure and although it wasn't yet unpleasant, he feared the pain to come. Jerry's relaxed orgasmic state and his horniness took over and he let Barry have his way. Barry added more lubricant to his cock as he pulled back and rubbed the head of his cock around Jerry's asshole. Every few seconds Barry would push inside Jerry and then pull back out stretching him a little wider each time. It was quite a turn-on watching his pretty cousin with his beautiful cock between Jerry's raised and spread legs. Barry's next thrust was with a purpose and Jerry felt pain as his cousin's cock pushed passed his sphincter.

"Oh shit that hurts, stop!" Jerry screamed out. 

"It's natural for it to hurt at first but the pain will go away shortly. Try to relax and don't fight it," Barry said.

Barry remained inside him and did not move allowing Jerry to adjust to his girth. The pain did not go away and Jerry asked him to pull out for a second and Barry did. The pain went away but Jerry felt a void in his ass and his erotic desire took over. Jerry placed his heels on Barry's ass and pulled Barry back to him. Barry's cock re-entered Jerry's ass and pushed passed his sphincter again without as much pain this time. Barry stopped once again and remained still for a moment and waited for Jerry's reaction. The feeling of pain was replaced by desire and Jerry rotated his hips and arched his back to get Barry further inside him.

Jerry's body opened up to his cousin and he felt Barry's cock stretch him open to new dimensions. Barry's cock slid in and out of Jerry slowly until he had finally buried all 6+ inches in Jerry's ass. Jerry could feel his cousin's balls resting on his ass. Jerry couldn't believe what a wonderful feeling it was to have Barry completely inside him. 

Barry pulled out a little and then he stopped and pushed back inside. The feeling was fantastic and Jerry began to rotate his hips again. Then Barry pulled almost all of the way out and then plunged inside fucking his cousin senseless. Jerry moaned in response to Barry's pounding and they began to make love. Barry leaned over him and Jerry wrapped his legs around him, hooking his ankles together and they began rocking and moving beautifully together. Jerry was being fucked for the first time and he loved it.

Barry was fucking Jerry hard and fast like he was a woman and he was reveled in each thrust. Jerry looked down and watched his balls and erect cock bounce around as Barry fucked him. Jerry soon felt another buildup in his balls. Barry began to moan louder and louder, and fucked harder and faster. Jerry felt Barry's cock swell in his rectum as Barry rose up on his knees. Jerry knew that he was close and he began to pump his own cock with his hand.

Barry grunted and Jerry felt hot cum fill his ass. Jerry pumped his cock harder in search of his own release. When he came, he shot his own cum all over his chest, abs and pubes. Barry had filled Jerry up with his cum but he remained hard and continued to fuck his ass. Barry pushed his cum around in Jerry's ass and some of it escaped and wet the bed. Due to Barry's horniness and his youthful recuperative powers he continued to fuck Jerry until he came again.

This time he collapsed on top of his cousin and then they kissed. Barry lay on top of him with all of his weight resting on Jerry. Jerry wrapped his legs around Barry and I reveled in the feeling of his big cock growing soft inside him. They stayed in each other's arms for a long time and no words were spoken. They just held each other, kissed and ran their hands over each other. Barry's cock softened and slipped from Jerry's ass and it felt like a plug had just been pulled from his asshole. Cum ran out of Jerry's ass onto the bed and he felt the cool air caress his no longer virgin asshole. 

"Jerry I want you to fuck me now. Would you like to fuck me?" Barry asked.

"Oh yes!" Jerry gasped.

Barry got on all fours and handed his cousin the lube. "Put that stuff on your cock and in my ass."

Jerry knelt behind Barry and he begin to caress his cousin's beautiful ass Barry's body was delicate, hairless and flawless. Jerry couldn't believe how much Barry looked like a woman from behind with his shapely curvy ass in the air and then he guessed that he looked the same way. Jerry put an ample amount of lotion in his hands and rubbed it all around Barry's bung hole. Then Jerry inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing Barry for his cock. As he sawed his fingers in and out of Barry's anus Jerry was getting turned on by the thought of burying his cock in his cousin's shapely ass. He moved closer to Barry and lined up the head of his cock with Barry's anal opening and began to ease it into to him. 

Jerry spat on his hand and rubbed his saliva all over his cock which made it very slick when combined with the lotion. Jerry's cock head cleared Barry's sphincter and it slid right in without resistance. Barry's ass chute was warm and tight as Jerry went deep into him. If Barry felt any pain he didn't let on that he did. Jerry was all the way in Barry's ass and he started a slow fucking motion. Jerry continued to pump Barry's ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts as he caressed his cousin's smooth round ass. 

Barry asked Jerry to fuck him harder and quicker. So Jerry picked up the pace and he started pounding Barry's ass faster and faster. Jerry's balls started bouncing off of his cousin's balls and Barry was moaning with each thrust of cock. Jerry could feel his climax building and he knew that any moment he would shoot his seed in Barry's ass. Jerry tried to make it last as long as possible but once Barry started to contract his anal muscles Jerry lost it.

Jerry fired a barrage of cum in his cousin's ass filling it to overflowing. As he continued to fuck Barry, Jerry's semen backed up in his cousin's rectum and began to ooze out flowing over their balls. Barry used his talented anal muscles to milk Jerry's cock and drain it of all his seed. Jerry didn't think that his cock would ever be soft again as he remained hard in Barry's tight sheath. Barry's milking action weakened him and Jerry collapsed on top of Barry's body.

Barry flattened out on the bed with Jerry on top and his cock still in his cousin's ass. Jerry rolled off of him and his hard cock slipped from Barry's ass. Barry rolled to his back and spread his legs lifting his knees to his chest.

"Fuck me again," he commanded.

Jerry moved between Barry's legs much like he would fuck a woman and lined up his still erect cock with his cousin's asshole. Barry was also as hard as a rock and his beautiful cock pointed toward his head. Jerry pressed slightly forward and his cock moved into his cousin's hot ass. Barry's ass actually pulled Jerry inside and his cock went all the way in Barry's ass as Jerry's balls rested on his cousin's ass.

"God, that feels so good, love me, fuck me," Barry cried out.

His ass was in the air and Jerry's cock was fully embedded in it. Jerry pulled back a little and pushed forward. Barry groaned as Jerry began to slowly fuck him. Each time Jerry would start taking longer strokes. Jerry's cock head was soon at the edge of his cousin's asshole before he pushed it back into him. Their fucking was making a sucking sound. Each time Jerry's balls slammed against his cousin's ass, his body and Barry's ass made a wet slapping sound. 

Jerry was so fucking hot that he crammed his cock fully into Barry. Barry held Jerry's cock and massaged it with his anal muscles; Jerry knew he was not going to last very long. Barry humped up against Jerry fucking him back as Jerry fucked him. Their room smelled of sex and sweat. Jerry reached down to stroke his cousin's cock but Barry grabbed his wrist.

"No, I want to cum just from you fucking me," He said and pushed the hand away, "Just keep fucking me."

Jerry took slow long strokes in and out of his cousin's ass as Barry pushed up into him more and more. Soon Barry took control and just fucked Jerry's cock. Jerry let Barry fuck him with his ass muscles. Jerry's actions became more erratic and his thrusts shorter and more powerful. Barry was grunting as Jerry's cock slid in and out of his hot ass. Soon Jerry's cock was barely staying in his cousin's ass. Then Barry slowed down and let the cock just press against his prostate. Barry announced that he was cumming and he pulled Jerry down and kissed him deeply plunging his tongue into Jerry's mouth. Jerry felt his cousin's cum shoot between their bodies covering their chests and abs and then oozing out around their pubes. That set Jerry off and he began to pound his cock in and out of his cousin's hole. Jerry slammed his cock into his cousin's loose wet hole and he felt his balls tighten again. Jerry pressed deep into him and his seed filled his cousin's ass.

"Yes cum in my ass again. Oh I feel it I feel your hot spunk," Barry groaned.

Jerry pulled, pushed and cum spurted into Barry making his hole wetter and warmer as Jerry's cock easily slid in. Jerry continued fucking him until his legs were weak and cum had stopped flowing. Jerry's cock slipped from his cousin's ass as they cuddled and Barry stroked Jerry's exhausted body.

"I loved fucking you. I loved your ass," Jerry whispered into his ear.

"Good, because I am going to fuck you again too," Barry responded and he placed Jerry on all fours.

They spent the day having sex until they were totally drained. Barry had introduced Jerry to gay sex but Jerry had known all along that's what he wanted. Jerry was sad to see Barry leave later but he would never forget the day they spent together. Jerry now knew what he wanted but the challenge would be how to get it. He did not know any openly gay guys and he knew he would have to stay in the closet at first.

AN UNPLANNED ENCOUNTER

Jerry had a good friend in high school who he liked a lot. Jerry knew that Lee was not gay but Jerry was attracted to him. Lee was muscular and handsome and viewed as a ladies man, which made it seem strange that he and Jerry were friends. Lee hung out with Jerry because Jerry had the things that Lee didn't. They became friends in high school and Lee took advantage of the amenities at Jerry's house. Lee would come over during the summer months and use the Barnes' swimming pool and drink their beer. Mr. and Mrs. Barnes didn't complain since they liked Lee and Jerry didn't have many good friends. 

Lee wrestled in high school and he was always kidding around and putting holds on Jerry. He liked it when they wrestled because he liked the feel of Lee's muscular body pressed up against his. Jerry always lost but he never shied away from Lee. Ever since the encounter with Barry, Jerry got turned on when they wrestled and he would get a boner. Lee easily maneuvered Jerry into various positions and then at one point he studied Jerry's ass. Lee had never paid much attention to a guy's ass before but Jerry had a nice round cute one. Lee had been introduced to anal sex by one of the girls he dated and he liked fucking her in the ass. Lee then got the idea to de-pant Jerry.

Lee got Jerry in a position where Jerry could not move and then he unfastened Jerry's shorts. "Hey what are you doing?" Jerry screamed out loud forgetting about making any noise.
