 ARTIE'S AWAKENING

Artie Jones had always wondered if he was gay and reluctantly, he finally found out one day. Artie and his best friend Lee were always hanging out together. Lee had already graduated from high school and he was working locally at one of the local stores. On Saturdays they went down to the junior high school tennis courts to play tennis. Artie had turned 18 a week ago and Lee was approaching his 19th birthday. Artie was a cute guy who stood at 5'7" tall and weighed a slight 145 pounds. One could actually say that Artie was pretty rather than cute or handsome. He had light brown curly hair, hazel eyes and an effeminate appearance. Lee on the other hand was 6'1" and 180 pounds. Lee was muscular and handsome and viewed as a ladies man, which made it seem strange that he and Artie were friends.

Lee hung out with Artie because Artie had the things that Lee didn't. They became friends in high school and Lee took advantage of the amenities at Artie's house. Lee would come over during the summer months and use the Jones' swimming pool and drink their beer. Mr. and Mrs. Jones didn't complain since they liked Lee and Artie didn't have many friends. Sometimes Lee would stay over at Artie's house and sleep in the other twin bed in Artie's room. Lee wrestled in high school and he was always kidding around and putting holds on Artie. He liked it when they wrestled because Artie liked the feel of lee's muscular body pressed up against his. Artie always lost but he never shied away from Lee. Recently, Artie began to get turned on when they wrestled and he would get a boner.

It was that fatal day at the junior high school that Artie discovered himself and his life would change forever that day forward. Lee and Artie were playing tennis when it started to rain so they made a bee line for cover. The closest spot was the overhang by the doors that led to the school's gym. While standing there Lee recognized that the one door was open. He pulled it open and stepped inside. Artie stepped inside too but he was nervous.

"Lee, we can't be in here the school is closed," Artie whispered as if he could be heard.

"Relax there isn't anyone here," Lee said as he pulled the door shut behind him, "We'll just hang out here until it stops raining." 

However the rain did not stop right away and in fact if got heavier. "Come on let's go in the gym," Lee suggested.

"Lee we can't," Artie replied worriedly.

"Will you stop being such a baby, there is no one here. We are not going to get caught," Lee urged.

Lee and Artie walked into the gym and Lee picked up a basketball and began shooting baskets. The sound echoed through the gym and made Artie even more nervous. "Lee stop, someone could hear that."

"Okay you wimp. Then we'll wrestle instead," Lee said as he pulled a mat away from the wall.

Lee then went over to Artie, picked him up and dropped him on the mat. Lee easily maneuvered Artie into various positions and then at one point he studied Artie's ass. Lee had never paid much attention to a guy's ass before but Artie had a nice round cute one. Lee had been introduced to anal sex by one of the girls he worked with and he liked fucking her in the ass. Lee then got the idea to de-pants Artie, something Lee used to do to kids in a fight when he was younger.

Lee got Artie in a position where Artie could not move and then he unfastened Artie's tennis shorts. "Hey what are you doing?" Artie screamed out loud forgetting about making any noise.

Lee didn't answer and he pulled Artie's tennis shorts down past his buttocks. Artie struggled but to no avail. Then Lee pulled Artie's sport briefs down baring his curvy ass. "Stop it out you homo," Artie cried out.

The Lee noticed that Artie had a boner in his briefs. "Oh yeah who's the homo? It seems to me that you like this."

Lee then pulled Artie's shorts and briefs down further and Artie's 6" pecker popped out in an erect state. Lee however was now interested in Artie's ass and he began to caress and squeeze Artie's buttocks. The attention to Artie's ass only aroused both Lee and Artie more and Artie's cock was now throbbing. Lee felt his own cock stiffen in his pants and though he was confused he freed it from the confines of his shorts. Lee leaned forward and let his cock slide between the cheeks of Artie's ass. Artie couldn't believe the feeling of the hard flesh pressing between his buttocks.

Then Lee relaxed his grip on Artie so that he could turn him. "Suck it," Lee commanded.

"No Lee, I couldn't. Don't make me," Artie pleaded.

Lee was insistent however and pressed his 7" boner closer to Artie's face. Realizing his case was hopeless, Artie opened his mouth to accept his friend's cock. When the soft mushroom head entered his mouth, Artie found that he liked the feeling. Artie nibbled on Lee's cock head, took it in his mouth and tested the spongy feel with his tongue. Lee moaned as he was excited beyond expectations. He had blow jobs before but never from a guy and he never expected his cock would be in his best friend's mouth. Lee pressed forward and more of his cock entered Artie's mouth.

"Come on suck it now. You know you want to. I can see that you like it," Lee encouraged.

Artie then bobbed his head up and down on Lee's cock and Lee loosened his grip on Artie. Then without being restrained Artie took up to 5" in his mouth and with his hands now free he fondled Lee's tight ball sack. Artie was more than resolved to suck Lee's cock, Artie was enjoying it. Lee then reached over Artie and began playing with Artie's ass. Between fondling Artie's ass and Artie sucking his cock, Lee's orgasm snuck up on him. Jets of semen shot into Artie's mouth catching him by surprise. Artie pulled his mouth off of Lee's cock which kept spurting cum. Artie was hit in the face and some landed on his tennis shirt. Artie was mesmerized watching the stiff cock discharge in his hand. He had jerked off plenty of times and had shot big loads too but it was the first time he ever tasted cum. Artie was surprised that Lee's cock stayed hard after such a voluminous discharge. 

"Artie, get on all fours. I want to fuck you in the ass," Lee announced.

"Lee I've never done that. Won't it hurt?" Artie asked nervously.

"Only a little at first but I'll put plenty of cream on my cock and you'll love it," Lee answered.

Lee then got up and kicked off his shorts and underwear. Then he retrieved the hand lotion from his tennis bag. Lee returned to Artie and began to caress Artie's shapely ass from behind. Then Artie felt the lotion running down the crack of his ass just before Lee caught it and pushed it into Artie's asshole. Artie felt the intrusion but there was no pain. Lee kept fingering Artie's ass and applying more lotion until he was able to insert a second finger into Artie's anus. Artie groaned but more out of pleasure than discomfort. Lee fingered Artie with two fingers until they moved easily in Artie's ass. Then Lee removed his fingers, coated his cock with lotion and added his saliva to make it as slick as possible.

Artie felt Lee's presence behind him and then he felt the soft mushroom head at the entrance to his ass. Lee pressed forward as the mushroom head squeezed in and Artie cried out as he never expected to be that full. As Artie tried to expel Lee's cock by pushing as if pooping, it just made it easier for Lee to enter Artie's ass. Artie dipped his head and groaned as the stiff shaft wormed its way into his tight passage and stuffed his rectum. Then as quickly as the onslaught of the pain happened it was gone and there was only the feeling of fullness in his ass.  

Lee began moving slowly and he was surprised by how much he liked fucking Artie. In this position he could only see Artie's ass and it was just like fucking Sharon at work. Actually Artie's ass was even curvier and shapelier that Sharon's ass. Lee really got into it and he started caressing Artie's buttocks again as his cock slid all the way in and out. Artie had completely adjusted to the cock in his ass and he actually liked the feel of it sliding in and out. As if he had been doing this for awhile, Artie pushed his ass back to receive Lee's cock.

The two young men were now caught up in the act and Artie began to moan, groan and tell Lee to fuck him. Lee was incredibly turned-on and he felt his second orgasm building in his balls. He didn't want to cum that soon as he loved watching his cock slide in and out of Artie's shapely ass. As much as Lee tried to prolong his ejaculation his body took over and he fired another massive load this time into Artie's rectum. Artie's eyes widened when he felt the surge of Lee's discharge and he instinctively contracted his sphincter muscles around the spurting shaft. Lee pressed forward burying his cock in Artie's ass and savored the feeling of his release. Lee remained in Artie's ass as Artie squeezed the cock with his sphincter muscles until Lee's cock eventually softened and slipped out. 

Lee stared for a moment at the ass that he had just fucked as he was in disbelief that it belonged to his best friend. Lee never expected this to happen but he was glad that it did. Artie remained on all fours for a few more minutes as he expelled some of Lee's cum from his anus. Artie felt the semen ooze from his hole and trickle down the inside of his thighs. The feeling was erotic to Artie and he now needed to get off. Artie rolled over on his back and grabbed his erect cock and began to jerk off.

"I need to get off," Artie rasped.

Lee got up and pulled on his underwear and tennis shorts and then spoke to Artie," I'm going to get some towels." 

Lee then ran down the stair to the locker room to retrieve some towels as he was sure that he could find some. Artie remained on his back stroking his cock as Lee looked for the towels. Artie then had the urge to put something in his ass as he jerked off. He took the lotion and put some on his fingers and then he inserted two fingers in his ass. As Artie fingered his ass and jerked his cock he came to the recollection that he was gay. He liked having something in his ass and he would learn in time about his prostate but for the moment it just felt good. Then Artie ejaculated and his cock fired rounds of semen over his head, on his chest and abs. It was one of his best cums ever. Artie slowly jerked his cock and finger his ass as his orgasm subsided. That was exactly how Mr. Jack Connors found him.

BUSTED

"What the hell is going on here? What are you doing in this building? Who are you?" Jack Connors fired out the questions.

Jack Connor, one of the teachers at the junior high school, had come into work out in the gym. It was a privilege afforded to the faculty. He never expected to find a young man in the gym especially one jerking off and fingering his ass. Jack studied the young man and then decided to have some fun. Jack was bisexual and he had fucked plenty of young men and women in the ass. As far as Jack was concerned a mouth and an asshole were the same on any body. Then upon further study, Jack decided that Artie was cute and had a nice ass.

Artie had tried to get up and put on his clothes but Jack stopped him. "How old are you?" Jack asked.

"Eighteen," Artie answered with trepidation.

"Good than you are not underage," Jack said as he peeled off his gym shorts and jock.

"What are you doing?" Artie asked nervously as he was really frightened now.

"I'm going to put something in your ass that will feel better than your fingers. What's your name anyway?

"It's Artie."

"Okay Artie let's get you ready," Jack announced as he knelt along side the young man.

Artie looked at Jack's stiff cock and it looked imposing. It was definitely longer and thicker than Lee's cock. Artie allowed himself to be placed on all four more out of fear than desire at that point. Artie felt the strong hands massage his buttocks and then a finger entered his anus. Artie groaned aloud.

"Like that huh kid? Well just wait until you feel my rod in your ass," Jack said.

Artie accepted his fate and remained on all fours as Jack fingered his ass applying lotion to it again. Then the fingers were removed and Jack lined up his impressive cock with the boy's ass. Jack pressed forward and although it was a snug fit his cock wormed its way into Artie's receptive ass. Artie moaned as the thick cock made its way into his rectum and he groaned feeling a combination of pressure and pleasure. Jack took his time with the boy as he did not want to injure him and at the same time he wanted to savor the anal sex. Artie dropped his head to the floor and turned his face to one side. He had a blissful look on his face as his ass was skewered for a second time within the hour. 

Lee had located some soiled towels and he was on his way back up the stairs when he spotted Jack Connors enter the gym. Lee remained hidden and listened to the verbal exchange between Jack and Artie. Then when Lee thought that he could peek in on them without being detected he crawled up the remaining stairs until he reached the top step. From that position he could see into the gym and verify that the coast was clear. Lee then moved closer to the gym door and peered around the corner. Artie was on his knees facing away from Lee and Lee could see Jack Connors pounding Artie's ass. Lee could not make out the size of Jack's cock but from Artie's cries he knew that his friend was getting a good reaming. Lee then decided to leave the building and wait for Artie by his car. Lee quietly walked back down the stairs and exited the building.

Artie had adjusted to Jack's big dick and he was getting into it. Artie knew once and for all that he was gay and he was already thinking about sucking Jack's big cock. Jack continued to drill Artie's ass. He loved watching Artie's buttocks jiggle each time he slammed into him and hearing the sound of their flesh slap together. Artie was groaning and moaning as Jack penetrated him and then Artie reached for his own cock. Artie jerked off as Jack fucked him and soon they were both cumming. Jack surprised Artie when he pulled out of his ass and shot his load all over Artie's ass. Artie felt the jolt of semen hit his anus and then spray his buttocks. It turned Artie on and then he felt his own release surge through his shaft and spurt all over the mat. Jack then surprised Artie again when he put his cock back in Artie's ass.

"Okay kid, now milk my cock with your ass," Jack ordered.

Artie knew what Jack meant and he squeezed his sphincter muscles milking out the remaining cum from Jack's cock. "That's a boy, get it all," Jack added.

Jack then pulled out of Artie's ass and told him to stay still. Jack took his towel from his workout bag and wiped hic cock clean. Jack then put his jock and workout shorts back on as Artie lay prone on the exercise mat. "Here kid, clean up," Jack said as he tossed Artie the towel.

Artie wiped his bottom and cock clean and then rolled over. "Get dressed kid and then you can leave."

Artie put his briefs and shorts back on and then stood up. He could still feel the pressure in his rectum and understandably constipated. Jack walked over to Artie and handed him a card. "That has my address and phone number on it. I want you to be at my place next Saturday afternoon at 1:00 PM sharp," Jack directed and then added, "No get out of here and don't break into this school again."

Artie moved quickly in spite of his sore ass and picked up the tennis bag. He ran down the stairs and out the door hoping that Lee had already left the building. Artie was relieved to see Lee already in the car. Artie got in the car and they drove away quickly.

"I told you we shouldn't have broken into the school," Artie began.

"We didn't break in the door was open and beside if we hadn't I probably would have never fucked you," Lee responded and then asked, "You liked it didn't you."

"Yes but we were lucky we didn't get caught," Artie said.

"I don't know. I saw you getting fucked by that guy and you seemed to like it. Did he have a big cock?" 

"Yes he did."

"Was it bigger than mine?"

"Yes it was longer and thicker."

"Holy shit and you handled it okay. Did you like getting fucked by him too?"

"Yes, I liked it. I know now that I am gay," Artie admitted.

"You know this talk has got me horny again. I hope your parents aren't home," Lee said as he rubbed his cock.

"Why don't you stay over tonight," Artie offered as he reached across and rubbed Lee's cock through the tennis shorts.

"Hey don't do that. I need to pay attention to the road," Lee reacted even though his cock was stiff in his shorts and then mentioned, "We're almost at your house."

THE ENCOUNTER CONTINUES

Much to their disappointment, Artie's parents were home but Lee accepted Artie's invitation to spend the night. The rain had passed so the two young men hung out by the swimming pool for the rest of the afternoon. A few times in the pool with their hands under water, Lee put his hands down the back on Artie's swim trunks and cupped Artie's curvy buttocks. Artie also out his hands down the front of Lee' swimsuit and played with his cock. The two of them worked themselves into a state of desire that afternoon and they couldn't wait until it was bedtime.

After dinner that evening, Artie and Lee helped clean up and then they watched TV in the family room until it was bedtime. Artie's parents said good night to the boys and then went to bed. Artie and Lee also went to bed but not to sleep in Artie's room. Both boys stripped down and they were excited to see each other totally naked. Lee walked up behind Artie and cupped Artie's curvy ass cheeks. He played with them for awhile and both boys got erections. Artie turned toward Lee and then dropped to his knees taking Lee's cock in his mouth. Lee let Artie suck his cock for a few minutes but Lee was anxious to fuck Artie again.

"Come on let's get in your bed," Lee whispered.

Artie and Lee got in bed and Lee then began to prepare Artie's ass for another fucking. Lee had grabbed some lotion from the bathroom and he used that to lube his cock and Artie's asshole. The boys then moved to their sides in a spoon position and Lee eased his cock into Artie's ass for the second time that day. Artie moaned softly as Lee's cock entered him and he pulled Lee's arms round him. Artie wanted Lee to hold him as he fucked him and he loved the feel of their naked bodies pressed together. Lee moved slowly and quietly as he fucked his friend. Lee too liked the feel of Artie's naked body. Artie then reached for his own cock and stroked it slowly as Lee fucked him. 

The two boys moved slowly together as if they were experienced lovers and as if they never wanted to be separated. Try as he may Lee could not hold off his ejaculation and he spurted in Artie's ass. Artie also ejaculated as soon as he felt Lee's cum shoot into his rectum. Lee continued to move slowly and Artie continuously worked his sphincter muscles around Lee's cock. In addition to milking Lee's cock dry of all semen, Artie anal action caused Lee to remain hard and Lee went right on fucking Artie. Lee was thrilled that he did not have to remove his cock from Lee's ass and that it was quite awhile before he came again.

As Lee fucked him, Artie got bold and guided Lee's hand to his cock. Lee didn't seem to mind and he began stroking Artie's cock as he fucked him. When Lee ejaculated for the second time that night so did Artie. Lee could feel the rush of Artie's cum through his cock, a feeling that he didn't mind. Lee then felt the surge shoot from Artie's cock and coat his hand. Lee lifted his hand to Artie's mouth and let his new lover lick the semen from his hand. Artie found it to be an incredible turn-on. Minutes later the two boys dozed off still in the spoon position with Lee's cock softening in Artie's ass.
