 Paul was parading me out in front of 8 other men. They were already naked and some were hard. They weren't playing with each other however. They were waiting for me. My ass clenched tight as one of them grabbed at my teen ass and another even tried to put a finger between my cheeks.

I knew once Paul let them loose on me they wouldn't stop.

"Who wants a piece of this boy slut?" Paul asked the room. Cheers and grunts emitted from the horny men.

Paul stood behind me and with his arms on my shoulders, guided me to my knees. I knew my mouth was going to become well acquainted with every single cock in this room.

Paul was getting the room more excited and was now getting undressed himself. He flopped his cock over my face making the room laugh. He hit his cock against my head a few more times teasing the men and me. Finally, he gave them what they came here for.

"The boy is yours!" And with those words all 8 men got up and surrounded me with their cocks. 

Paul stood aside to let the new guys try me out. I quickly noticed the massive black cock that was on my right. All the other men were white with varying sizes and all were fighting to get in my mouth. I took one man in my mouth who tasted really good. I'm not sure why but I loved his taste. But before I could really enjoy it someone was pushing him aside and another cock was being stuck in. This kept happening and I did my best to keep up but before I got my rhythm another cock was placed in my moist mouth.

The men who weren't being sucked were groping me all over and a few were fingering my ass. At some point they grabbed my arms and made me jerk them off. I now had one cock in my mouth and one in each hand. 

The man with the massive black cock was now trying my move in on my mouth. He wasn't even fully hard and looked to be 7 inches. I stuck out my tongue and guided the big dark cock into my mouth. I sucked and licked and felt him getting harder and harder in my mouth. Soon he was fully erect and was starting to gag me.

The men started to laugh as my eyes filled with water from choking on the enormous dick. I loved my first taste of black cock but it was on to service the rest. I had every cock in the room in my mouth once, some twice. All but Paul's. He was enjoying the show from the corner of the room. I couldn't help but feel compelled to please him as well, if not more than everyone else. 

I lost track of Paul for a moment as I slobbered all over a fat cock. I could now hear Paul's voice behind me. He was pushing a foot rest from one of the sofas into the center of the room. He then instructed me to get on to it on my hands and knees. This allowed the room an all-access pass to my tight teen asshole. 

Before I could get fully situated on the "fuck alter" I was placed on, I was getting cocks shoved into my holes. I felt a thick short cock push it's way into my ass. 

"It must be Vick." I thought to myself as the black man's cock was being reinserted into my mouth.

I was getting pounded from both ends and my ass was getting looser and looser. Three men had been in my ass and the rest were begging for a go. I was in heaven and started to feel light headed again. I was being tenderized by the group of eight horny men from every angle and the night wasn't even over yet.

________________________

Thanks for reading guys (and girls). I hope to finish this sequence soon. Just wanted to get out the first half now. Keep the feedback coming :)