 INTRODUCTION

In Chapter One Artie discovered his sexuality and in Chapter Two he confirmed he was gay. Artie had visited Jack's home as he was directed where he met Pete and Pete's love toy Kim. Artie and Kim were used all afternoon by Jack and Pete but Artie did have his time with Kim. Artie loved Kim's body with the smallish tits, curvy ass and cute little cock. 

In school that week Artie accidently discovered that two of his classmates are gay and he witnessed then having sex with one of the teachers. Artie told Lee about his discovery and the story made Lee so hot that he fucked Artie for hours. The following weekend Kim surprised Artie by showing up at the house and they made love for hours. Artie felt that he was falling for Kim and he hoped that he could continue to see Kim. 

After spending Saturday with Kim, Artie was sitting at home on Sunday contemplating what to do about Ronnie and Bobby his two gay classmates. Lee was for all intensive purposes out of Artie's life lately as he hooked up with his girlfriend Sharon every weekend. Kim had informed Artie that he would be with Jack the next weekend and it was unlikely that they would get together. Artie was disappointed that he would not see Kim but he hoped that he might be able to hook up with Ronnie and Bobby. Artie decided that he would approach the two classmates and tell them what he witnessed with them and Mr. Penny.

A SUNDAY SURPRISE

Artie was reading the Sunday paper in the family room with his parents when the phone rang. Henry answered it and then told Artie it was for him. At first Artie though that it might be Lee or maybe Jack but he was thrilled when it was Kim on the phone. Kim was at Pete's house by himself and he wanted to know if Artie wanted to come over. Artie excitedly accepted and then told his parents that he was going to meet Kim. Artie's dad smiled and his mother frowned when Artie told them his plans. Within minutes Artie was on his way to Pete's house and he already had an erection just thinking about Kim.

Back at Artie's house his parents had different reactions. "Henry I don't like Artie spending time with Kim," Betty stated.

"Oh Betty they're just kids dating and having fun. You were worried that Artie wasn't dating and now that he is you're still worried," Henry replied.

"There is just something about that person that I don't like. It just doesn't feel right," Betty continued.

"Why? Because Kim is Thai, I think that Kim is very pretty and obviously Artie does too," Henry told his wife.

"Yes Kim is pretty but also acts very strange. I have a bad feeling about them together," Betty insisted.

"You're just imagining things but I'll tell you what, let's invite Kim over for dinner and all of us can get better acquainted," Henry suggested.

When Betty agreed to have Kim over for dinner Henry was pleased. He was anxious to see Kim again and check out that hot little body. Henry thought that he might even be able to cop a feel if they all drank enough. Henry felt his loins stir just from the thought of touching Kim then he wondered what Artie and Kim would be up to that afternoon. Henry was sure that Artie was fucking Kim and he was proud of his son for landing such a fine piece of ass.

Artie arrived at Pete's house after following the directions that Kim gave him. Kim was wearing a shorty terry robe when he greeted Artie at the door. Artie guessed that Kim was naked under the robe and he was anxious to shed his own clothes. Kim laughed at Artie's impatience but got him a robe to wear. Then the two of them went into the living room and Kim poured Artie a glass of wine.

"Artie, have you ever watched porn?" Kim asked.

"No I haven't. I would be afraid to watch it at home in case my parents ever found out," Artie admitted.

"Well I have this very hot video and I want you to watch it with me. It will get us in the mood and then we can have some fun," Kim said as he pushed the play button on the remote.

"I don't need to watch porn to get in the mood for you," Artie replied excitedly.

"Just relax and enjoy the movie and your wine. We have all afternoon," Kim said sexily and then sat next to Artie on the sofa.

Artie looked at the big screen TV as the movie began to play. "This first scene is my favorite. The others are hot too but this one is really hot," Kim described.

Artie watched the first scene and he was surprised to see a subway car full of Japanese girls. "Kim there are only girls in this movie," Artie blurted out.

"Just wait it's a subway car in Tokyo. It gets really interesting," Kim advised.

Artie watched the movie with interest but he was still surprised at the women in the movie as he would have thought that Kim would be watching a gay movie. There was a very pretty Japanese woman dressed in a business like black suit with a very short mini skirt. The woman was young and she had very nice legs. Her skirt was so short that it barely covered her ass. Then a younger looking girl dressed in a school uniform reached out and ran her hand under the business woman's skirt. The student fondled the business woman's ass through the panty hose and the business woman pushed the hand away and pulled her skirt down.

The young woman dressed like a school girl was really cute. She was foot shorter than the business woman. She wore a white blouse with a red plaid tie; a solid blue pleated skirt that was cut above her knees and white knee high socks. The school girl was then back at the business woman who looked frightened on the subway. No one was paying any attention to the two of them. The business woman then moaned as the school girl played with the business woman's ass and then she said something to the school girl. Subscripts appeared on the screen, "I am not what you think I am."

The school girl then raised her skirt and showed the business woman that she had an erection in her blue panties. Then the school girl pressed the stiff pecker against the business woman's thigh. The business woman moaned again and this time rubbed her own crotch. Artie now caught on and he realized that the two Japanese women had cocks and just like Kim they were pretty boys.

The pretty boy dressed like a business person was now rubbing his crotch and there was a slight bulge in it. The pretty school boy lifted the skirt of the business person and pulled the panty hose down so that the head of his cock peeked out. The school boy then began to rub the cock head and pre-cum smeared his fingers. Then the school boy raised his skirt and lowered his panties just below his balls so that his erect cock stood out. Next the two pretty boys jerked each other off on the subway. All the people seated on the subway seemed oblivious to the action that is until cum started flying.

Both the pretty boys came in buckets and their semen flew across the subway car. The other people yelled at them and they got off at the next stop. The scene then shifted to the subway station bathroom where both pretty boys began kissing and feeling each other up. Soon their blouses were open and their bras were undone so that their tits were displayed. Both pretty boys had nice tits but the business person had larger tits than the school boy. Their skirts were removed and the school boy had his pretty blue panties down around his knees with his erect 6"cock standing out. The business person had his pantyhose pulled down to his knees and he too had an erection about the same size.

The school boy then started fucking the business person and eventually came all over his ass. The business person jerked off an ejaculated on the school boys thighs. The two of them were stroking their cocks when two men dressed like police walked in the bathroom. Things moved quickly and the two pretty boys were stripped naked and bent over holding onto the bathroom sinks. The two policemen dropped their pants and underwear and fucked the two pretty boys. The policemen pulled out of the pretty asses before they came and they shot their loads all over the pretty boy's buttocks. Then the policemen pulled up their pants and left the bathroom. The camera zoomed in on the shapely cum covered asses as the scene ended.

Artie was rock hard under his robe and he was dying to fuck Kim. "So what did you think?" Kim asked.

"You were right it was hot. I need to get off soon," Artie said almost begging.

Kim smiled and reached for Artie's robe. Kim parted the robe and lowered his mouth to Artie's cock and sucked him off. It took only a few minutes before Artie ejaculated into Kim's mouth. Kim sucked his cock dry and Artie groaned loudly. "There that should hold you for awhile. Let's watch the rest of the movie and then we will go to bed," Kim promised as he curled up next to Artie. Artie put his arm around Kim and let his hand sneak inside the pink shorty robe. Artie fondled Kim's tits and played with Kim's cock as they watched the movie.

Artie turned his attention back to the screen and watched as the next scene appeared. This one had a pretty boy wearing a mini skirt buying shoes. The shoe salesman kept looking up the pretty boy's skirt as he was fitting him with shoes. Soon the salesman had his hands under the skirt and he discovered that his customer was a pretty boy. The next thing was that the salesman took the customer in the back room where he bent the pretty boy over a chair. The salesman lifted the pretty boy's skirt over his back and pulled the pantyhose hose down to his knees. Then the salesman dropped his own pants and freed a very impressive cock that had to be at least 8" long. The salesman fucked the customer until he ejaculated on the customer's buttocks. He actually aimed his cock at the pretty boy's anus and fired several rounds hitting the target and coating the customer's ass. Then the salesman put his cock back in the customer's ass as the pretty boy jerked off and shot his massive load onto the floor. The two of them got dressed and the next sequence was the customer paying for his shoes.

The third scene was in an office setting with a boss and a secretary. The secretary turned out to be a pretty boy and within minutes he was bent over the desk with his skirt thrown over his back and his hose down around his knees. The boss stuck a good size cock in the pretty boy's ass and began fucking him. While he was getting fucked, the pretty boy answered the telephone and told the caller what was going on. Within minutes after hanging up the phone, another man entered the office. He walked over to the pretty boy and dropped his pants offering his cock to the secretary who immediately took it in his mouth. The two men worked the pretty boy at both ends. The camera panned out and when the scene returned the three of them were naked. The secretary was indeed a pretty boy with nice legs, nice tits and a curvy ass. The two men took turns fucking the pretty boy and they both came twice before the scene was over. The pretty boy had also jerked off twice and shot his load onto the desk.

That was enough for Artie who was now dying to get at Kim's ass and Kim agreed. The two of them made their way into Kim's bedroom. They dropped their robes and Kim got on the bed on all fours. Kim teasingly looked over his shoulder as he arched his back to accentuate his curvy ass. Artie was hard and ready to fuck Kim but Kim had a request.

"Artie, lick my anus and rim me like you did the last time. I am clean there. I douched my ass for you before you got here," Kim asked sexily.

Artie had no problem rimming Kim's luscious ass so he got right behind Kim and began tonguing his ass. Artie ran his hands all over the smooth skin and caressed the curvy mounds as he darted his tongue in and out of Kim's anus. Kim moaned and groaned as Artie worked his now experienced tongue around Kim's anus. Kim stroked his 4" stiff pecker as Artie rimmed him and then he announced that he was cumming. Artie grabbed Kim's hips and buried his face in the cheeks of Kim's ass causing Kim to ejaculate on his bed. Then Kim collapsed face down on his bed, his body covering the pool of semen on the bed sheet. 

Artie quickly moved behind Kim, lubricated his cock and slipped it into Kim's hot ass. Kim grunted when the cock filled his ass and Artie sank all the way in. Artie drilled Kim from above as he was overcome with desire and the need to cum again. Artie thrust into Kim and rotated his hips as if he was trying to go deeper each time. Kim was pinned to the bed and he thought about the first time Pete had fucked him this way. Pete had held Kim down pinned to the bed for hours and came in Kim's ass three times without removing his cock. Kim had never been fucked so hard and deep as Pete had done that day and now Artie was duplicating the act.

Kim was suddenly grateful that Artie's cock was not as long and as thick as Pete's and Jack's cocks. Kim liked the size of Artie's cock as it felt good in his ass and he loved taking it in his mouth. Kim's thoughts were interrupted when he felt Artie's load shoot into his ass. Artie filled Kim's ass with semen but he kept right on fucking him and Kim realized that Artie would stay in him until he came a second time or maybe even a third.

As it turned out Artie did cum two more times before he slid his cock out of Kim's ass. Then Kim rolled over and told Artie to suck him off. Artie took Kim's cock in his mouth and sucked on it until Kim shot his wad into Artie's mouth. Artie liked sucking the small cock as it fit nicely in his mouth. The two of them were recovering in Kim's bed when they heard the front door open. Jack had arrived looking for Kim. Jack stormed into the bedroom and spotted the two naked boys.

"I thought as much. Get your clothes on you're coming home with me," Jack told Kim.

Both boys scrambled to get dressed as there was no time to shower first. Artie was dressed first and he was ready to leave when Jack yelled at him, "I want you at my place next Saturday at 1:00 PM sharp. Don't worry your little girly boy Kim will be there. We will all have some fun."

Artie left the house in a hurry and drove home. He had only been gone about four hours but it was already getting dark. He pulled into the driveway and as he walked up to his house, Lee jumped out of hiding and grabbed him.

"Got you," Lee said and laughed.

"Christ Lee you scared the shit out of me," Artie responded in a hushed voice and then asked, "What are you doing here?"

"I came over to see you. Sharon was sick this weekend and I didn't get any action," Lee told Artie.

"Well we can't do anything here my parents are home," Artie replied.

"I know that's why I was hiding out here. Come on over here in the dark and drop your pants," Lee directed.

"What? You want to fuck me in my yard?" Artie questioned.

"Sure, no one can see us here," Lee said sharply as he grabbed Artie, "Now let's get those pants down."

Artie realized it was pointless to argue with Lee as lee was determined to get his rocks off. Lee turned Artie away from him as Artie dropped his pants and lowered his underwear. Lee had come prepared and he lubricated Artie's ass with some type of cream and then he filled Artie's ass with his impressive cock. Lee was really anxious to cum and he fucked Artie fast and hard. Lee drove his cock in deep and his hips slapped against Artie's buttocks. Artie had relaxed and he had started to enjoy the butt fuck. Kim had not fucked Artie that day and it felt good to have Lee's cock in his ass. 

Lee moved rapidly in search of his release and then it happened. Lee pressed his body against Artie's buttocks driving his cock in as far as he could while holding onto Artie's hips. Artie groaned when the big cock filled his ass and released a torrent of semen into his rectum. He seemed as if Lee's cock just kept spurting cum and Lee could feel the moisture surround his shaft. Artie suddenly wished that Lee had pulled out and shot his load in the bushes. Now he would have to go in the house with an ass full of semen. The two boys separated and dressed. 

Lee thanked Artie and then took off leaving Artie and his cum filled ass on the sidewalk. Artie then walked into the house and passed by the family room where his parents were watching TV. They called out to him but he told them that he had to use the bathroom and he would be right back. Artie ran up the stairs and stripped off his clothes in the bathroom where cleaned out his ass and put on a pair of sweats. He then joined his parents in the family room.

"So how was your day? What did you and Kim do?" his mother probed.

Artie wanted to tell her that they watched porn and had sex all day but he lied instead, "We watched some movies and talked," Artie replied sounding disinterested.

"I hope that Kim's parents were home," his mother added.

"Yeah Jack was there," Artie told her.

"Oh is that her father?" she went on.

"Yeah," Artie lied and laughed to himself that his mother thought Kim was a girl.

Then Henry changed the subject, "Your mother and I were talking earlier and we thought that it would be nice to invite Kim over for dinner sometime. That way we could get to know her better," Henry said and thinking that he indeed would like to get to know Kim better; in fact he'd like to pork that little hottie.

"I'll ask Kim, thanks," Artie said dismissing the invite as he was sure that Kim would say no.

"I've got some more homework to do," Artie said and then he went to his room. He loved the fact that his parents thought that Kim was a girl but then why would they think different? After all they didn't know that he was gay.

ARTIE GETS BOLDER

The following week Artie approached Ronnie and Bobby about their encounter with Mr. Penny. Artie told them how he watched the entire time that they all had sex together. Ronnie and Bobby were embarrassed at first but then they threatened Artie if he told anyone about it. Artie told them that their secret was safe with him and then he asked if they wanted to get together sometime. Ronnie and Bobby were surprised by Artie's question but then thinking that Artie was cute with a nice ass, they agreed. Bobby told Artie to meet them at his parent's house Wednesday after school. Bobby said that his parents who both worked always met friends for drinks and dinner on Wednesdays. They never got home before 10:00 PM the earliest. Ronnie and Bobby always got together on Wednesday afternoons.

The following Wednesday after school Artie headed to Bobby's house. Artie told his parents that he was working on a school project with Ronnie and Bobby. He said that he would not be home for dinner as they would probably have pizza at Bobby's house. Once Artie arrived the three boys got started as they were all horny from anticipation. Bobby and Ronnie had been looking forward to fucking Artie as he was so damn cute and had such a curvy ass. The three of them removed all their clothes and Artie stared at the two cocks that he was seeing for the second time. Both Ronnie and Bobby had bigger cocks then Artie. Although they weren't as big as Jack's and Pete's they were big enough and Artie knew that his ass would be stretched again that evening. Artie watched as Bobby put a generous amount of oil on his cock and stroked it until it was covered. Artie knew that Bobby would be the first to fuck him. 

Artie was told to lay on his back on the sofa as Bobby slipped his well oiled cock into Artie's ass. Ronnie knelt along side Artie's head and fed his cock to him. Artie turned his face toward Ronnie and gobbled up his cock. Ronnie leaned over and took Artie's cock in his mouth. Artie sighed as his cock was sucked by Ronnie and he thought that it didn't get any better than this. A cock in his ass, a cock in his mouth and his cock in a mouth; he was heaven. Ronnie played with Artie's nipples as Artie sucked him. 

"Artie, you really look like a young girl," Ronnie complimented him removing his mouth from Artie's cock temporarily.
