 INTRODUCTION

In Chapter One Artie discovered his sexuality and in Chapter Two he confirmed he was gay. Artie had visited Jack's home as he was directed where he met Pete and Pete's love toy Kim. Artie and Kim were used all afternoon by Jack and Pete but Artie did have his time with Kim. Artie loved Kim's body with the smallish tits, curvy ass and cute little cock. In Chapter Three, Artie accidently discovered that two of his classmates were gay and he witnessed then having sex with one of the teachers. Artie told Lee about his discovery and the story made Lee so hot that he fucked Artie for hours. The following weekend Kim surprised Artie by showing up at the house and they made love for hours. Kim also seduced Artie's father who still did not realize that Kim was a guy.

HENRY IS HOODWINKED BY KIM

Early Sunday morning Artie woke Kim up and brought him back to his bedroom. Then Artie and Kim fucked and sucked each other for several hours before Artie told Kim to go back to the guest bedroom. Artie did not want to get caught with Kim in his room that morning. Only 15 minutes later Artie's mother Betty came to her son's bedroom and knocked on the door reminding Artie to get ready for church. Artie didn't really want to go to church but he knew that he had to. He felt like such a hypocrite going to church after fucking his brains out with Kim.

Artie reluctantly got out of bed, showered, dressed and went to the kitchen to get something to eat. His mother was already dressed and had put out a coffee cake, juice and coffee. "Your father is not feeling well this morning so he is not going to church with us," Betty told her son.

"Really, I better let Kim know that Dad will still be in the house while we are at church," Artie said.

"Yes that's a good idea. Maybe Kim would like to go with us," Betty offered.

"I don't think so Mom but I will ask her," Artie replied as he headed toward the guest bedroom. 

Artie smiled to himself as he had gotten used to referring to Kim as her in front of his parents. Artie entered the guest bedroom and saw that Kim was still in bed wearing a baby doll outfit. The outfit was pink with a matching bra and panties. Artie thought that Kim looked very much like a girl and also looked very hot in the baby doll outfit.

"My Mom and I are going to church but my Dad is not feeling well so he is staying home. I thought that you should know that," Artie told Kim.

Kim smiled at Artie as Kim knew what Henry was up to. "How long will you be gone?" Kim asked.

"At least two hours, it's a 30 minute drive each way and an hour long service," Artie replied.

"Okay thanks for telling me. I'll be sure not to disturb your father since he is not feeling well," Kim stated.

"Thanks, oh by the way, there is coffee cake and the coffee is made in the kitchen. I'll see you later," Artie said and then left the guest bedroom.

Minutes later Artie and his mother left the house to go to church. Kim then went to the kitchen wearing the baby doll outfit to get a cup of coffee. Within seconds after Kim sipped the coffee, Henry entered the kitchen wearing only his boxer shorts. He walked up behind Kim who sensed Henry's presence but purposely did not turn around. Henry wrapped his arms around Kim's petite body and grabbed Kim's tiny tits. Henry ground his stiffing cock into Kim's backside and whispered in Kim's ear.

"I want to fuck you again," Henry said excitedly.

Kim wiggled his ass into Henry's crotch and spoke softly, "Let's go back to my bedroom."

They both went back to the guest bedroom and Henry stripped off his shorts and got in bed with his stiff cock dangling before him. Henry was on his back naked in bed waiting for Kim to join him. Kim took off the bra but left the panties on. He tip toed like a little nymph over to the bed with his small hands covering his tiny breasts. 

"I am still a little shy," he giggled as he got in the bed.

Kim took Henry's cock in his small hand and stroked him briefly before he lowered his mouth to Henry's cock. Henry gasped as Kim engulfed him in his mouth. Kim was an excellent cock sucker as Henry had learned yesterday and he had Henry rock hard in no time. Kim then moved up Henry's body and straddled his stomach. Kim reached behind his bottom and pulled the panties down just passed his buttocks and then sat on Henry's cock. Henry was thrilled as he felt his rock hard cock slide into the warm wet recess of the Thai's anal passage. 

"God she is tight," he thought to himself.

Kim moved in circles and bounced up and down on Henry's cock driving him crazy. He felt his orgasm build in his balls and travel through his scrotum. Henry came and fired a substantial load of cum into Kim's ass who continued to move and then milked the seed from Henry's cock. Kim continued to clench and unclench his muscles around Henry's cock keeping him hard in the process. Kim then lifted himself off of Henry and took Henry's cock back in his mouth.

"I want to taste you again," Kim said as he cleaned Henry's cock of all his seed. 

Kim then moved his body around into a 69 position with Henry with Kim staying on top. Kim deep throated Henry several times and Henry felt that he could stay hard and cum again. Henry was now excited as he would finally get to Kim's pussy.

"Lick my clit for me Henry it is so hard now and sticking out of my pussy," Kim urged.

Kim's panties were still just below his ass cheeks and they still covered his crotch. Henry pulled the panties down further and Kim's little cock popped into view. Henry just stared at the small cock which could not be any bigger than 2 to 3 inches hard and it was very thin. Henry couldn't believe his eyes as he looked at the little dick bouncing around over his head. Henry then saw the trickle of cum oozing out of Kim's asshole as he realized that he had fucked a guy in the ass.

"My God, I just fucked a guy," he thought to himself.

"Please Henry suck my clit for me. No one will know, please," Kim begged him.

Henry looked at the little worm above his head and for some reason he decided to honor Kim's request. As he took the little cock in his mouth he remembered Kim's words that no one would know. It actually wasn't that bad and he imagined that he was sucking on an engorged clit. Actually in his past he had eaten pussy with big clits and even squirters that filled his mouth with female love juices. Henry did not expect Kim to cum in his mouth and he was not prepared for Kim's ejaculation. Even as small as his dick and balls were, Kim was capable of volcanic like orgasms.

Henry was gently sucking on the little cock as Kim was giving him an incredible blow job. Henry could feel his ejaculation building again just as Kim came in his mouth. The first blast of semen hit Henry in the back of the throat startling him. His first instinct was to gulp and he inadvertently swallowed some of Kim's seed. Henry pulled his mouth off the tiny cock and the second and third bursts hit him in the face and covered him with sperm. Henry wanted to pull away but his own pending orgasm kept him in place as Kim sucked away. Henry felt his balls tighten and then he blasted his load into Kim's mouth and Kim then sucked and swallowed every drop.

When Henry was sucked dry he pushed Kim off of him and he jumped out of bed. Henry ran into the bathroom and washed off his face and rinsed out his mouth the best he could. Henry could not get the semen taste out of his mouth even with a good amount of mouthwash. He went back into the bedroom and stared at the naked Kim in bed. Everything about him said woman except for his tiny cock.

"Not a word, do you understand, not a fucking word to anyone about this," Henry said firmly intentionally keeping his voice down.

Kim nodded and said, "I understand, I promise."

Henry picked up his boxer shorts and stormed naked out of the guest bedroom. Humiliated, Henry took a long shower before he got dressed. When he entered the kitchen to get a cup of coffee Kim was seated at the kitchen table with a cup of coffee and juice. Henry looked at Kim who looked beautiful dressed in a miniskirt and blouse. As Henry looked at the pretty Thai boy he thought that no one would ever guess that there was a cock under that skirt. Henry poured his coffee, cut a piece of coffee cake and sat down at the table with Kim.

"Henry, Artie and Betty do not have to know what we did. My lips are sealed," Kim spoke to break the silence.

"I still can't believe that I did that," Henry said regretfully.

"Oh come on, you loved it. You loved getting your cock sucked and fucking me. Admit it," Kim pressed.

"Okay I did like you sucking my cock and I did like fucking you in the ass but that was before I knew you were a guy," Henry snapped.

"Be honest now, was it really that different with me than with a girl. You thought you were fucking a girl and you could not tell the difference," Kim countered.

"Yes you're right. I didn't know and I could not tell the difference. But there is no way that I will ever suck a cock again," Henry snapped.

"That's what you say now but I bet you will now that you have. I'm willing to bet that if you were having sex with another pretty boy like me that you would give in like you did this morning. Even sucking my little cock wasn't that bad was it?" Kim said with a sultry smile.

"I will not. Now let's change the subject. How long have you and my son been seeing each other?" Henry asked.

"About two months on and off now," Kim replied not offering any more information.

"Do you know if he is having sex with any other gay boys?" Henry probed.

"That's something you will have to ask your son. But then you will have to tell him that you know he is gay to ask him that," Kim replied.

Henry knew that Kim was not going to tell him anything about Artie's private life. In a way Henry respected that and he also trusted that Kim would not say anything about their brief affair. They finished their coffee and Henry cleaned up the kitchen while Kim packed his overnight bag. Henry and Kim were in the family room looking at the Sunday newspaper when Betty and Artie arrived home.

"Feeling better dear?" Betty inquired.

"Yes, much better, thank you!" Henry responded.

"Good, I'm glad. So how did you and Kim get along without us," Betty asked.

"Quite well actually, we enjoyed each other's company over breakfast this morning," Henry answered.

Kim just smiled and thought about what Betty would do if she ever knew what really went on that morning. Artie plopped down next to Kim on the sofa and Kim smiled at him and thought, "Artie would flip out if he knew that Kim and Henry had had sex the past two days."

"I really should get going. Thank you all for your hospitality, I had a very enjoyable visit," Kim said as he got up to leave.

"I'll walk you out to the car," Artie offered.

Artie carried Kim's overnight bag out to the car and they stood and talked for several minutes. Betty peered out the window at her son and Kim and then she spoke to Henry.

"I know that you don't agree with me but I just don't care for Kim. There is something very different about her and it makes me suspicious," Betty stated.

"Oh give it a rest. It is just your imagination. Kim is a sweet girl and it's nice to see Artie dating someone," Henry lied as he responded to his wife.

"I just don't know but there is something there that not's right," Betty insisted.

Henry smiled as he thought to himself about how right his wife was and then he said, "Come on in and look at the paper and relax."

Betty joined her husband in the family room and picked out a section of the newspaper. Minutes later Artie was back in the house and he thanked his parents again for being so kind and hospitable toward Kim. Artie then went to his room to do his homework as tomorrow was another school day.

ARTIE'S WEEK AT SCHOOL

Artie had gym class on Tuesday and Thursday afternoons which was his last class of the day. That Tuesday Artie was one of the last boys to get to the locker room to shower and change. He was surprised to see his two gay friends Ronnie and Bobby still in the locker room. Artie assumed that they were waiting for Mr. Penny to join them in the shower as he often did.

"Artie, haven't you showered yet? Come on and join us," Ronnie offered.

Artie was excited over the offer to join them in the shower but he was also nervous. He had not showered and he certainly could use one as the gym workout had been strenuous. Artie stripped off his clothes and walked into the shower when he saw the effeminate bodies of Bobby and Ronnie he felt a surge in his loins. Artie was a little embarrassed as his cock hardened slightly into a semi-erect state. Artie stepped under the water and turned his back to Ronnie and Bobby. The next thing he felt a set of hands on his back and he froze.

Ronnie said, "Here I'll wash your back for you," then he ran his soapy hands over Artie's shoulders and back.

Artie was then doomed as his cock sprung into a fully erect state. Artie stood rigid as the hands passed over his shoulders and worked their way down his back. When Ronnie touched him just above his buttocks, Artie trembled and moaned slightly. Then Ronnie cupped Artie's ass and then moved his hands around Artie's body. Artie could feel Ronnie's erect cock pressing into his ass as Ronnie reached around and cupped Artie's balls with one hand and Artie's cock with the other.

"Would you like me to fuck you Artie?" Ronnie had asked.

Artie just nodded in the affirmative and Ronnie pushed him over slightly. Ronnie ran his soapy fingers in and out of Artie's asshole and then Ronnie placed his soapy cock at the entrance. Ronnie pushed while holding onto Artie's hips and the cock slid in easily. Artie loved the feeling of a warm cock sliding in and out of his ass. By then Bobby had joined them and he offered his cock up for Artie's mouth. Artie eagerly swallowed Bobby's cock and then the two classmates fucked his ass and his face until they came. Bobby filled Artie's mouth with his cum just as Ronnie had cum in Artie's ass. 

Bobby and Ronnie then took Artie into the locker room where they had him get on the bench on all fours. This time Bobby fucked Artie's ass and Artie sucked Ronnie's cock until they both came again. Artie later found himself on his back with his legs dangling off the bench. Ronnie then pushed Artie's legs up and slipped his cock back into Artie's ass. Ronnie fucked Artie with Artie's legs resting on Ronnie's shoulders. Artie turned his head to one side at Bobby's urging and took Bobby's cock back in his mouth. Ronnie pleasured Artie when he reached over and grabbed Artie's throbbing erect cock. Ronnie jerked Artie off as he fucked him and Artie shot two loads all over his own body before Bobby and Ronnie came again.

Artie was a little disappointed that he had not gotten a blow job or had fucked either Bobby or Ronnie but those thoughts were interrupted when Mr. Penny entered the locker room. Apparently Mr. Penny was running late but he had still hoped to catch up with Bobby and Ronnie. He was surprised to see Artie with the other two boys but he was also pleased as he realized that he had a new player. Mr. Penny acted stern with the boys as he did not know that Artie had seen him in action before.

"The three of you get dressed and you report to my office," Mr. Penny yelled directing his order at Artie.

Mr. Penny then left the locker room and the three boys hurriedly dressed and left too. Artie was nervous as he walked toward Mr. Penny's office as he did not know what would happen next. Artie hoped that Mr. Penny would go easy on him and maybe they would even have sex together sometime.

Artie knocked on the door and he heard Mr. Penny bellow, "Come in."

Artie entered and the coach looked at him and asked gruffly, "Well young man do you have something to say for yourself?"

"I'm sorry Mr. Penny," Artie apologized tentatively.

"How long have you been doing that with Bobby and Ronnie?"

"On and off for the past two months, ever since I learned that they were gay," Artie admitted.

"How did you find out they were gay?"

Artie decided to be truthful at this point, "The day I saw you with them in the shower."

"Tell me something Artie, are you gay too?" Mr. Penny asked.

"Yes, am I in trouble because I am gay?"

Mr. Penny laughed and replied, "No Artie, actually I'm glad that you are gay. How old are you?"

"I'm 18 years old. Are you gay Mr. Penny?" Artie asked with trepidation.

"No I'm married and I don't consider myself gay. I do like to get blow jobs and butt fuck people but I am not interested in anyone's cock. I have great sex with my wife. I guess you could say I'm bi but certainly not gay," the coach replied.

"Artie, you have already seen my cock by your own admission. Would you like to suck my cock today?" Mr. Penny asked.

"Okay, yes I'd like that," Artie replied bashfully.

"Great I'm glad you accepted," Mr. Penny said and then he locked his office door.

Brad Penny turned toward Artie and then he unbuckled his pants and pushed them along with his underwear down to his knees. Artie stared at the impressive mature cock in front of him and knew what he had to do. Artie went over to the teacher and dropped to his knees then he took the teacher's cock into his mouth. Artie made up his mind to give Mr. Penny the best blow job that he could.

Artie had become a very good cocksucker and in no time he had Mr. Penny ready to blow his load. Mr. Penny tried to prolong his orgasm as long as he could. Artie knelt on the floor and drew Mr. Penny in toward him. Artie caressed the back of Mr. Penny's legs and cheeks of his ass as Artie's warm, wet, wonderful mouth sucked on Mr. Penny's cock. Artie massaged the head of Mr. Penny's cock against the roof of his mouth. He circled Mr. Penny's cock with his tongue and Mr. Penny felt the light scraping of Artie's teeth. Mr. Penny's knew he was going to shoot soon.

Artie took Mr. Penny's cock out of his mouth and looked up at him as he stroked the entire length of it and massaged Mr. Penny's bloated balls. Artie then put it back in his mouth and took it out again then he gently blew on it as his fingers continually massaged Mr. Penny's balls. Artie tickled the cock head with his tongue and teased Mr. Penny's pee slit. Artie had Mr. Penny close to cumming a few times. Artie seemed to know when Mr. Penny was getting close, and he would do things making him last longer, torturing Mr. Penny in the process.

"I'm going to cum," the teacher gasped.

Artie then took Mr. Penny's cock all the way into his warm wet mouth. He swirled his tongue around the length of the shaft, nibbled on the cock head and sucked Mr. Penny hard. Artie reached under Mr. Penny's balls and rubbed the hardness between his balls and anus. Brad Penny felt his cock thicken and he knew he was going to cum. There was no stopping him this time.

Artie grabbed Mr. Penny's ass cheeks with both hands as Mr. Penny exploded in his mouth. Brad Penny fired round after round of cum into his mouth and Artie sucked and swallowed as fast as he could. Rope after rope of semen shot into Artie's mouth as Mr. Penny seemed to have an endless supply. Finally the barrage subsided and Mr. Penny stopped cumming in Artie's mouth. Artie sucked on the thick firm cock until he had drained every drop from Mr. Penny's dick.

Brad Penny felt weak from the intense orgasm so he sat down on the chair across from Artie. Artie's cock was rock hard in his pants and he knew that he would have to make a stop in the boy's room to jerk off before he left the school for home.

"Artie that was fantastic. I will have to have you join me and the boys in the locker room one of these afternoons," the teacher sighed.

Artie left the office and stopped in the first boy's bathroom that he passed. He went into the stall dropped his pants and fished out his cock. He jerked off and within minutes he was shooting jets of cum into the toilet. Artie then wiped himself clean, dressed and left the building. Artie was pleased with the way things happened and he looked forward to more sessions with Mr. Penny, Bobby and Ronnie. 
