 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sexual situations.

*

I had been minding my own business and preparing the temple for the first festival of Spring, the ancient celebration of the planting of the first seed. Going out into the nearby hills in search of branches of buds and the first leaves and small flowers to adorn the alter was tiring work, but it needed to be done. As the offerings I found would last only a day or so, my first collecting could only be done the day before the festival began. As was the ancient custom I did my collecting naked and I piled the scratchy twigs and other gatherings I collected into a small cart pulled by nanny the goat. 

On my way out at first light I followed the new road the Romans had laid, going for a mile or so along it before making my way into the hills, and in the evenings I usually returned the same way. 

On this morning it was chilly and I shivered as I left just before sunrise, eager for the day to heat up.

I had gone a mile or so and decided it was time to strike off into the hills. I left the road along a clear track and lost myself in looking about for the first signs of a fertile spring and saw none. I did not notice him at all. 

"Friend," I heard a voice call. 

I hesitated and looked about, but could see nothing.

"Here friend, help me," the strong deep voice called again. 

I was sure that I now knew where the voice had come from, and leaving nanny and my cart, went to investigate. At the bottom of a small gully I found a giant barbarian smiling up at me. The last winter rain had made the sides of the gully slippery and I could clearly see where the man had tried to get out, but had slipped back in. He was coated in mud now and looking up and down the gully I saw he was possibly trapped in there. It was mud all about, and the small trees had been knocked down by a mudslide at one end. It seemed that he was now effectively in a pit. 

"I am not strong enough to pull you out," I said to him, seeing his predicament. "But I can look for some branches that may help you."

"Thank you," he said, smiling at me. 

He was a man of huge proportions and I wondered at the size of the only part of him that was hidden, that which lay beneath a large loincloth. But I stopped myself wondering as I was a virgin bound to the temple till the end of the new spring, only able to leave when the grain had grown tall and set it's seed. Yes, I thought with longing, I was now 18 and in a few more months I would be freed of my vows. I was finding I was no longer satisfied by only giving my seed to the gods. And tomorrow spring was here and . ah well. Then. . .Ah, then. My organ stirred as it always did when I had such thoughts.

I wandered back and found some large pieces of fallen wood and lowered them in to him so that he soon had a sort of path a couple of feet up the mud slide. He walked right back and ran up to it and in a few strides was out and over the top. It had seemed to be easy for him and I wondered he hadn't been able to do that earlier. He was obviously extremely strong and fast, his huge mud covered muscles were not just for show.

He came up to me, "Ah my fine young friend," he said, "I should reward you." 

"No that is not necessary," I said, "and I must be off as I have much to do collecting greenery for the temple for the festival tomorrow."

"You gather offerings for fertility?" he said, looking me over, "Then I shall reward you as a man is best rewarded in spring," he said, and picked me up and lowered me into the gully.

I was dumbfounded and more so as he jumped in beside me. Then he lifted some litter from the floor of the gully to reveal dry soil and a pile of belongings including a fur cape which he spread on the ground Then he grabbed me by the waist and lifted me so that my manhood was at his mouth. He was amazingly strong. He sucked me into his huge mouth and I flailed at him, wanting to escape as I was a virgin bound to the temple. A virgin to women and men both. Young men such as I served the temple gods until we were in our prime, then we married well. But till then we served only the temple gods.

But my manhood did not obey my wishes, and grew rapidly in the barbarian's mouth as he held me high. I heard a moan and knew it was me, as my hands grasped his hair and twisted it about. When he lowered me he pushed my face to his own huge weapon. I had not seen it earlier as it had been covered by a mud dripping loincloth that had now been thrown to one side. The weapon I now saw was huge, thick and long and of a deep strong colour. In fear I opened my mouth and he pushed his huge cock head between my lips. 

"Suck," he ordered, shaking my head to rattle some sense into it as my manhood was throbbing and I was confused. Then I did as he said, sucking and licking him until he pulled free. 

"Good," he grunted. 

I ached for my own release now, but he pushed me back onto the fur rug and fell to his knees between my thighs, pushing them wide. He then fell on my manhood and sucked me to emptiness in moments, his huge mouth swallowing and vibrating against my whole length, making me cry out, he pulled the seed from me so fiercely. 

I lay back gasping as he released me, but cried out again almost immediately as he lifted my backside in his huge hands and set my hole to his mouth. I scrabbled about, resting back on my shoulders and looking up my belly in shock, to the great lion like head moving between my thighs.

He flipped my legs back then and I gasped as I could now see his mouth at that brown rimmed hole of mine, that no one but me had ever touched since my own mother had last wiped it clean. 

I was horrified he would want to lick that place, and gaped open mouthed and then whimpered and writhed in pleasure with the feel of what this strong thick tongue was doing to me there. 

Then he lowered me, and I cried out and tried to escape. I was most confused and afraid at this time, for he had lowered my now soggy twitching hole to his hips and supporting me with one hand was guiding his huge weapon to me. 

"No. No. I am a temple virgin," I cried out, again, and again, as he tried to push the head of his huge cock into me. "No. You must not enter me," I cried. And in truth I said 'must' as part of me had been longing to know the feel of a man's weapon entering me and possessing my passage powerfully. 

"No. No. What are you doing?" I cried again, knowing full well what he intended, and he ignored me and in a searing burst of pain had stretched me so my hole allowed that huge bulbous cap to enter it. I opened my legs automatically as he moved his weapon about inside me and slowly the pain lessened, then he wasted little time in burying the rest of himself in me to the accompaniment of my cries and struggles. 

Oddly though I began to feel a strange pleasure from being filled so fully, and when he began to move his buried weapon inside me I groaned and bucked, more with a taste for the movement than with pain.

Soon I was yelling and humping up and thumping my hips to his as he plowed that huge weapon in and out of me, and he grunted and laughed as he worked every part of my passage, until he threw his head back and roared. I knew then that what was flooding into me was his seed, and it gushed free inside me as I moaned with pleasure, but also confusion, knowing that he had taken my virginity and filled me with his seed on the day before the festival began. 

When he finally released me, he tossed me up to the top of the gully like a stuffed doll, and he lay back on his fur rug. 

"Um, but you are trapped again," I said hesitantly, looking in at him.

"No. I can get out of here any time I want to," he replied, closing his eyes to sleep.

I was confused and weak kneed and smiling foolishly as I left him, and could feel his seed leaking from my hole and running down my things. It took time to find nanny and lead my cart away. I was walking oddly and in a daze all day but once I left the muddy gully of the barbarian I found my offerings easily. They were very plentiful and it was obviously going to be a very fertile year.