 "You've seen, haven't you?"

"What? Seen what?" Ron asked. He was skittish, both nervous and a little excited by having Theo stand this close to him. They were in running gear and milling around with the others near the starting line for the 4th of July charity race being sponsored by Temptation Castle. There seemed to be a lot of hunky guys around ready to race, patrons, Ron assumed, of the gym attached to Temptation Castle that Ron hadn't seen yet. Phil was there too, but he wasn't racing. A concession stand was going, manned by some of the guys at one of Phil's nightclubs, and he was walking around and making sure that was running smoothly—and looking over at Ron every once in a while. Sally and Susan and the girls weren't there. Phil had gotten them tickets to a new adventure movie premiering in a nearby town, and the women had agreed it would be boring just to be at the start or the finish of the race and only see a bit of it anyway.

Ron was a little disappointed his girls weren't there to cheer him on. Looking around, he thought maybe he had a chance of winning or placing in this race. Most of the other guys looked too muscle bound for long-distance running. The women entrants looked like greater competition than the men did.

Theo, especially standing this close to him, was making the back of Ron's neck tingle. Theo was wearing running shorts and shoes, but no T-shirt. His musculature was magnificent, and the hair on his body gave him an aura of danger and a sense of the wild animal. A wolf. That's what Ron thought of—a wolf.

"You've seen the dungeon, the Web page, the videos, haven't you?" Theo asked. His voice was smooth, a little saucy.

"Yes," Ron murmured. "I have."

"And?"

"And what?"

"And what did you think? Something more? Something more than Mart has been giving you? Something I've wanted to give you from that first video session?"

Ron began to question that and then shut his mouth again. But he knew. He'd been to see Mart twice since that first visit to the private quarters—and he'd finally ordered the photo for Sally. And he had it; he just hadn't given it to her yet. He didn't know now if he could have it on the nightstand, where she surely wanted to put it—maybe only bringing it out on special nights—on nights when she wanted to experience a special high when he was fucking her. He knew. He knew that Mart had videotaped the sex they were having in his third-floor bedroom. Ron wasn't stupid. He knew Theo would have seen those tapes Not just the first session that he had filmed himself—but the later sessions where Ron had been less inhibited and had given his all.

"You picked out a photo for your wife. A good one. Revealing just enough. I would have picked out another one, though, something more . . . more . . . you know." Theo was standing very close, running his fingers up and down Ron's forearm.

Ron turned and looked toward where Phil was standing. Singed with guilt, he turned his body so that Phil wouldn't see what Theo was doing. He couldn't tell if Phil was watching him or not.

"The videos in the dungeon. Did you like them? Did you like me in them?" Theo whispered.

Ron didn't answer, but he felt his body awakening, getting hard. Bondage and a bit of sadomasochism. Yes, Ron had seen those videos. He tried not to see them, to break away from them. But increasingly he was going to them, looking at them. Theo in each one of them—naked except for some leather trappings.

Ron's eyes went instinctively to Theo's basket. Repelled at first, and then, slowly, being mesmerized while he'd watched the videos. Theo had piercings. He had a heavy silver ring in his cock head and sliver beads running up the underside of his cock. At first in the videos, Ron had cringed and looked away when Theo was working the men he'd bound. But now, increasing now, Ron found himself looking for the scenes, studying those scenes. And he had masturbated to those scenes. He felt hopeless, sinking ever farther into the temptations thrown in his path.

Knowing Ron was involuntarily looking down at his basket, Theo lowered a hand and let it flutter over the bulge there.

"I want you, you know," Theo murmured. "I've been waiting, wanting you ever since Mart's first taking in the chamber. I've just been waiting until you were ready. Ready for what I have to give. I see you bound and helpless—experiencing all of the sensations I can give you—as I fuck you deep. I'm huge, you know."

Ron was shivering. He said nothing, tried to look away. He could see now that Phil was watching him. He was panicked. Two different worlds. Ron had been trying to play in two different worlds. Could he keep them separate? Was there still any hope of that? He had already gone too far in one world, sucked in by temptation. The things Mart had done to him—and that he had enjoyed and begged for again. This was too far already. The dungeon. The level that Theo was talking about . . . offering. It was just too far.

"You want me too, don't you? I waited until you did. You're ready for it; I can tell. Aren't you?"

"No," Ron whispered, the word coming out almost as a whine. Not sure he was believable even to himself.

"A choice. You have a choice in this race," Theo said. He acted like he hadn't even heard Ron's "no." "We will come to a fork in the middle of the forested portion of the race. You will have a choice then. If you go right, as the course is marked, you will be on the path to the finish line. If you go left you will be on the path to paradise. Do you understand?"

"No," Ron murmured.

"I think you do," Theo said. And then he gave a low, throaty laugh. "I will be taking the left fork. You will too, won't you?"

"No," Ron managed to get out, a little defiantly, raising his head and his eyes flashing at Theo now.

"Oh, I think you will. Will you be going back to your family tonight, or did you tell them you were returning to the city?"

Ron just looked at him, a mix of shock and defiance in his face.

"You were going to Mart tonight, weren't you? No need to deny it. There are deeper pleasures to be had at Temptation Castle. You know it. All night. I have delights to take you over the edge, again and again, all night. You've seen it in the videos. Remember, the left path."

Theo melted into the milling crowd. Ron was tense to the point of snapping as they lined up in jostling rows at the starting line. He shook his arms and hopped up and down, working at loosening the tension.

The starting gun went off and Ron took off like a shot, moving to the forefront of the pack. They ran for miles, up the mountain road, toward the lake. Ron sensed Theo close on his tail. He sped up, and Theo was still there; he slowed down, but Theo didn't pass him.

He could see the woods coming up, where the runners were to leave the road and run through the forest before returning to the road farther up the mountainside.

Ron got the impression that some of the runners were playing as teams, bunching up other players, using a few guys and letting others sprint ahead. These were some of the guys he had surmised were using the gym at Temptation Castle. It wasn't long, as they came closer to the path opening into the woods, before four of the guys were boxing Ron in and slowing down, not letting him break free of the pack.

But Ron also had Theo drumming in his brain. What Theo had said. What Ron saw on the dungeon videos. What Theo was doing on those videos. The wild, rough-taking animal aspect of Theo. Theo, pelted and animalistic, fucking bound guys on the videos; using devices on them and making them writhe and cry out for it. Theo's ringed and studded cock. The size of it. the thickness and length of it. Frightening and yet . . . and yet . . ."

Ron was slowing of his own accord. The four who had boxed him in were ahead of him, and nearly all of the other runners were ahead of those four now. As Ron slowed down, one after the other of the stragglers were passing him. But not Theo. Theo was still behind him. Ron felt like Theo was hunting him, pacing him, waiting for him to tire.

Ron wasn't tiring really, but he was panting, breathing hard—and it wasn't all from the exertion of the run. It was from the knowledge that the decision was coming up. That there was a fork in the path head.

At the fork, Ron took the left path.

He was running through the forest. The silence of the forest was uncanny and made more pronounced by the sound of his own heavy, almost panicked breathing. He was running fast, and his heart was pounding, not from the effort of the running, but rather from the fear and anticipation of what was following him. The heavy breathing was in stereo. It wasn't all his. Someone—Theo—was on his trail and was gaining fast. Ron wanted to escape, and yet he didn't. He anticipated something happening, something he was running from. But also something he was running to. Something he wanted to have happen even though he was doing all he could to escape it. Something he wanted with every fiber in his body but something that he wanted to be inevitable, to be forced on him, something that he could escape the guilt of wanting by running from it. He was running faster and faster, with some hope now of outdistancing whatever was following him. But no hope really, he knew. And in the knowing, he was exhilarated and excited.

The breathing in pursuit was heavier now, and he was slowing down, going in slow motion, the beating of his heart getting stronger, louder. A tree had fallen across the path ahead. The yielding, fecund brown earth path wound in a spiral up to it, with a dense growth of spiky ferns on either side, phallic fronds winding out from the center of the ferns and reaching out, grabbing for his ankles, trying to slow him down.

Ron prepared to spring up with his legs and vault the log. But as he did so, a beefy, hairy arm was wrapped around his lower belly and he came down hard on his solar plexus on the surface of the log. The bark was rough and he'd landed hard, but although he felt the wind being expelled from his lungs, the blow was neither painful nor scratchy.

He rejoiced in the release, spared now from any responsibility, knowing what was coming and wanting it, ready to suspend all cares and guilt and obligations to anyone else.

He felt the power and silky hairiness of the chest as it came down on his back. He felt the beating of the man's heart and heard his heavy breathing and the snuffling noise he was making. The pressure of the arm around his waist was released, and Ron looked up as two muscled, hairy arms reached up and strong, hair-backed hands grabbed his wrists and held his arms out and above his head.

The wolf was at his door. Ron's athletic T and shorts had been ripped off his body, and he leaped for joy at the freeing action of that. He felt cold, hard metal at the rim of his entrance, Theo's cock ring. And then he cried out and tried to widen his leg stance as the beast entered him. Ron jerked as the metal ring rubbed across his prostate, and then he felt every stud on the underside of Theo's cock as it journeyed into his channel. Ron lay there, panting and whimpering, while Theo pistoned him hard and deep, almost frantically in the first taking.

Theo held there after he'd ejaculated deep inside Ron, holding Ron still and in position until Theo's own ragged breath returned to normal. Exhausted, Ron was breathing in shallow gasps and whimpers.

The powerful Theo than lifted Ron off the log and threw him, belly down, over his shoulder and walked into the woods on the down slope side. They hadn't gone more than thirty yards through the brush downhill when they came out into a parking lot that was deserted except for a small van with covered windows in the back and Temptation Castle painted on the door. Carrying Ron around to the back of the van and opening the two doors there, he lowered Ron on the floor on his back. The floor was padded with the foam used for thick exercise mats in gyms. Theo pushed Ron up into the van and then climbed in himself. He stretched Ron's arms out, with Ron watching him closely and panting hard, both fear and arousal in his eyes. Ron didn't struggle in any way as Theo cuffed his wrists to short chains hanging on either side of the back of the driver's and passenger seat.

He began to pant more heavily and moan more vocally, though, as Theo turned and shut the van doors and turning again, grabbed Ron's ankle and spread-eagled his legs, moved his pelvis between Ron's spread thighs, thrust his dick inside Ron's hole, and fucked him hard to completion for a second time. All the time, Theo stared down into Ron's face, grinning, and Ron tried to look away, but couldn't.

At the apex of the fuck, Theo stopped and held Ron still and grinned down at him.

"Tell me you want it," he growled.

Panting, Ron tried to move beneath Theo, tried to make his come. But Theo just laughed and held him fast.

"Tell me."

"Please!" Ron pleaded.

Another laugh and three deep pumps and he came in a flood.

Finished, Theo stretched out beside Ron and stroked his cock until Ron too had ejaculated. He then took up a leather hand whip with several thin leather strips and swished it around on Ron's chest and thighs and cock and balls, teasing here, flicking a stinging little bite there, while he kissed Ron on the lips and nibbled at his lips and ears and nipples, until, embarrassed, Ron ejaculated again at the new and titillating sensations.

"The dungeon. Do you want the dungeon now?" Theo murmured in Ron's ear.

"No . . . yes," Ron whispered.

Theo laughed and patted Ron on the belly and then unbound his wrists. "Not sure you would beg for it yet, though. I want you to beg for it. You'll find shorts and a T in the corner over there. I'll take you back to the castle, where you've parked your car. Go home. Think about it. Come to me when you will beg for it."

Ron was close to tears. It had been OK—barely OK—when he felt he had no choice. When he was being overpowered, crowded, allowed to feel that there was more than temptation, that all of the guilt would not be his. He recognized that this too was temptation. A higher level of temptation. He was being given the choice: move to a new plane in the temptation game or take the escape hatch.

They returned to the castle in silence, and Theo left Ron off next to his automobile without comment or even a look in his direction.

Ron was half way back to the city when he pulled over to the side of the road, trembling. After a few minutes, he turned the car around and drove back up into the mountains. Theo was standing at the door of the gym wing, a knowing smile on his face. He had changed into leather. Tight pants, boots, and a criss-cross of leather on his bare chest, meeting at a metal ring on his sternum. He was swishing a many-stranded black leather whip.

Throughout a night of passioned cryouts, belabored breathing, and deep moans and groans, Ron was introduced to the sling and bindings and whips and chains and ball weights and dildos and stringed ass balls and tit clamps and the electro glove—mild versions for now, Theo assured him. And, of course, he was mastered again and again by Theo's relentlessly hard and churning monster cock.

Near dawn, Ron was in the sling, wrists and ankles bound high on the chains, and Theo was standing between his legs, rocking gently back and forth, his cock inside Ron only to the point where his metal ring was rubbing back and forth on Ron's prostate. Ron was holding very, very still, as instructed, Theo was telling him the current operation was very delicate, Ron having every reason to believe this was true. Theo was inserting the third, progressively larger sounding wand in Ron's piss slit, slowly, delicately prodding the wand deeper into Ron's urethra.

Ron was totally exhausted, whimpering quietly, completely spent—except for that last weak burble of cum that Theo was coaxing to bubble up around the sides of the probing wand and dribble down the side of Ron's cock. Slowly extracting the wand, Theo leaned over and down onto Ron's chest and kissed him deeply as he slid his cock in to the hilt and his own flow bathed Ron's insides.

"That was the sampler," Theo whispered. "Will you be back?"

"No . . . maybe."

"Yes."

"Yes." Ron turned his head to the side and wept quietly. He was so weak. He was no match for temptation.

"Do you wish to go farther? Farther down the path of temptation?" Theo murmured.

"Farther?" Ron asked, in shock. "What's farther?" No, of course he would go farther. Each step he had already taken was too far. What was farther? What was really too far?

Ron hadn't asked the question verbally. Or at least he didn't think he had. But Theo responded as if he had.

"Ask Philip. Philip Galindo."

"Oh, god," Ron whimpered. Phil. His brother-in-law, Phil.