 "Mind if we go for a drive before I take you home?"

I glanced at Mr. Shannon's classic profile, lit by only the dash lights of the car. "That's fine," I answered suddenly nervous. Here it comes. I just announced to my family that I was gay. They were friends with my employer, Mr. Shannon. Either he going to fire me because I was gay or....

"I just want to talk to you about something," he said. A quick look at me. A little smile. And then he concentrated on the road again.

"Did I do something wrong?" I asked.

He chuckled and shook his head. "No."

That helped settle my nerves a little bit, but what if his wife had said something? What if she didn't want me working in their grocery store any longer? I'd worked there every day after school since I was 16 years old and sometimes on the weekend too. This had allowed me to save up a nice chunk of change to use for college in the fall. If I lost my job...

I sighed. For the tenth time, I told myself it would have been easier to just keep my mouth shut. I was just so tired of the secrets, tired of hiding my feelings from everyone, that at the time coming clean had seemed like the right thing to do.

Mr. Shannon drove slowly through town, almost as if he was trying to make a decision about something. Then he headed out of town toward the lake. I sat there in silence, wondering what he had on his mind. Maybe my parents had asked him to talk to me about this "gay thing" as they called it. It wasn't something I could change, nor did I want to change.

He circled the lake and found a place that he liked, pulled up under some trees and killed the engine.

"So," he said looking at me.

I met his gaze and suddenly decided I wasn't going to back down or make excuses or anything else. Mr. Shannon had always been kind, understanding and a good employer...

"So, your dad tells me you just came out of the closet." His deep voice broke into my thoughts.

Did he actually say that? Come out of the closet!

"Yes, sir," I answered, meeting his gaze steadily.

"How did you know that you were gay?"

"I just knew. I'm attracted to other men, not girls." Might as well confess the whole thing. "Sometimes I like to wear women's underwear and pretend..."

"Have you ever had a lover?" he asked, cutting me off.

I shook my head. "No, sir."

"Would you like to know what it feels like?" he asked quietly, looking out the windshield now at the calm, moonlit lake.

"Yes," I answered truthfully.

Finally he took a deep breath. "Charlie, I'm gay."

To say I was shocked at his admission was an understatement. At first I thought I'd heard him wrong so I stayed quiet.

"I was wondering if you'd let me show you the ropes, so to speak."

I'd dreamed about seducing Mr. Shannon a time or two. And the thought of him wanting to do anything with me had my cock rock-hard in just minutes. I shifted uncomfortably in the seat.

"Kind of a turn on, huh," he said, adjusting his own crotch in the darkness.

Mr. Shannon met my gaze and reached into my lap. He made a soft sound when he traced around the bulge in my pants with his fingers. I bit my lip and tried to keep quiet. This was the first time another man had touched me and I was afraid I might come from that alone.

"Can I touch you?" he asked, his voice soft, coaxing.

He didn't have to ask twice. Since I was wearing sweats, it was easy just to slide them down my thighs to my knees. The cool air felt good on my hot cock.

"I'll stop any time you want me to," he assured me. 

I couldn't have said anything if I'd wanted to. His big fingers curled around my prong and he pumped it slowly, working the skin up and down. I moaned and fought the urge to fuck his hand. God, just his experienced touch was enough to get me off.

"You're big," he said. "Would you let me suck it?"

I swallowed hard, nodded, realized he couldn't see me and squeaked, "Yes, sir."

Making a low sound in his throat, Mr. Shannon leaned across the seat and licked my dick. He moaned and I was sure he was tasting pre-come. His tongue seemed to be everywhere at once, teasing, licking and then he opened his mouth and took me inside.

"Dear God," I groaned leaning back against the car door and spreading my legs wide as his hot breath caressed my crotch.

Never, in my wildest dreams had I imagined it would feel this good to have another man's mouth on my cock. It was all I could do to keep myself under control. 

And then I felt his hand on my balls, cupping and kneading. He sucked me deeper into his hot mouth at the same time and began swirling his tongue around me lazily.

"Oh, God, it feels so good," I gasped.

Mr. Shannon freed me with a wet slurp and pumped my cock a few times with his hand. "Fuck my mouth," he said. "I know you want to."

And then he swallowed every inch of my meat again, burying his nose in my crotch hairs. I gave in to the urges rushing through me, tangled my fingers in his thick hair and fucked his face with abandon. 

He fondled my balls and a long finger had snaked down between my cheeks. The minute the tip of that finger touched my virgin asshole, I exploded. With a roar I pumped what felt like a gallon of spunk down Mr. Shannon's throat.

When I returned to reality, he was licking me clean. 

"Okay?" he asked sitting up behind the wheel again.

I pulled my pants up, still shaking. "Yes." Then I glanced at his crotch. "Can I return the favor?"

He was rubbing his crotch steadily with one hand. "We don't have time. I'm supposed to be back home by now."

"When?" I asked. God, this couldn't be just a one-time thing.

"Soon. I'll let you know," he said, starting the car and backing out of the trees. "Charlie, I'm not as brave as you," he explained when we were back on the highway, the lights of town coming up fast. "I have a family, a business, no one can ever know about this."

"I understand," I said, longing to touch him, mouth watering to taste him. "I can keep a secret."

"Good. Before it's over I'm sure we'll both have secrets to keep," he said.