 *I just want to say that I am SO sorry for the delay on all of my stories.  It's been a busy semester and I've just gotten off for Winter Break.

Thank you for waiting, and here is the next chapter of Tenderness!

All characters are 18+*




--------DANIEL--------

I'm not much of a morning person.  When I was roused to a very sluggish state of semi-consciousness at about seven AM, I went back to sleep right away.  I was roused by the warm body under my left arm yawning, squirming, and leaving the bed.  I rolled sleepily into the warm indent his body had left, and dozed, waiting for him to come back.

When he didn't come back after about ten minutes of dozing, I started to wake up.  Very slowly, might I add.  Waking up wasn't one of my strong suits.  I yawned and stretched, and went limp.  The bed was so warm... I didn't want to leave.

Eventually I did get up, stretching and wincing from the slight headache I had.  If I hadn't cut us off when I did, it would have been worse, but my head still ached hollowly.  The strangest thing though, I could smell bacon.

I might as well have been bugs bunny, or maybe the coyote, floating heels up and following my nose.  I stumbled down the hallway, eyes half shut.  I nearly tripped over Zoe and she gave me a reproachful meow.

I got into the kitchen, and Aaron was already there, moving around the kitchen.  A panful of bacon was sizzling on the stovetop (with Noel attentively sitting near the stove, eager little opportunist!) and a chopping board piled high with chopped onions and green peppers and garlic.  A bag of cheese and a carton of eggs were sitting on the counter.

Aaron turned and looked at me.  He was red-eyed from chopping the onions, and he smiled shyly at me.  "Morning Daniel."  He murmured.  "Was it okay that I did this?"

I fell to my knees melodramatically.  "Oh Aaron, I might have to beg you to come over and make my breakfast every day!  This smells so good!"

He giggled and sniffled as he went back to chopping the onions.  "Get up and set the table silly, the eggs aren't even cooking yet!  Do you like peppers on your omelet?"

I got up and snuck up behind him to nuzzle the back of his neck.  I could see a lopsided red mark that I had left there last night.  He giggled and leaned back into me.  He looked so sweet and sleepy and happy.

"I'll take everything you have out Babe."

I felt ridiculous and giddy with love.  He finished chopping and started mixing bacon and eggs and all of the ingredients together to make omelet mix.  I set up two plates, two cups, and two forks.  I shooed Noel from the kitchen over and over while he gave me a mournful look.  I fed the animals and poured us both some orange juice.  The cooking omelets smelled divine, and my stomach rumbled.

I almost never had breakfast.  I had eggs and bacon around the house because I liked to eat them for lunch and dinner, and they were easy and fast.  Aaron was so at home in the kitchen.  He had that quick easy grace when it came to working with food.  Little things, like how fast and efficiently he chopped the vegetables and the practiced flip of the wrist when he folded the omelets.

I had a dining room table and I put our places right next to each other.  He slid the omelets onto our plates, blushing cutely when I praised them over and over.

"Stop it!  I just made you breakfast!  Its not a big deal..."  He was blushing bright red.  I swooped in and kissed his mouth hard and released with a loud smack.

"Means a lot to me sweetheart."  I murmured, grinning ear to ear.

--------AARON--------

It was the morning after.  I had never had a morning after before!  Daniel was such a joker, but he kept making me blush.  He was sort of clingy this morning, but in a good way.  I loved how he kept reaching out to touch me, to brush his hand across my shoulder or cheek.  To give me a quick kiss, to mess with my hair.

I thought he might be a little horny, but was being careful not to push me too far.  I felt a squirmy excited little feeling in the pit of my stomach.  I wanted to be the one to initiate it this time.  If we went slow...  If we went nice and slow, I could do this!

First, breakfast.  I was surprisingly hungry.  With a happy little feeling, I realized that I was probably hungry because I had had sex last night!

Okay, maybe a lot of couples wouldn't consider it sex.  Other then a few kisses and some light petting, we hadn't even touched each other.  It had been in the dark, so we hadn't even seen each other.  But considering how maudlin and shy I had been last night, hell, how maudlin and shy I had been since I was a little kid, I thought that I was doing great.

I rinsed the dishes off, stalling a little because I didn't quite know where to begin.  Finally I just sort of blurted it out.

"Um, Daniel?"

He had been in the bathroom, brushing his teeth.  "Hmm?"

"Um... Nevermind."  I instantly felt like smacking myself.  I needed to get ballsier then this if I was ever going to initiate anything.  I walked to the bathroom and he was gargling.  He grinned at me, innocent of the struggle going on in my mind.

"Hey, what's up?  Did you want to stay over for a while, maybe watch a movie or--"

I interrupted him by jumping up on my toes and giving him a kiss.  The kiss was passionate and clumsy and quick, with my tongue in his mouth.  I fell back onto my heels, and felt a hot blush spreading over my face.

"--something..."  Daniel looked slightly dazed for a second, and then he smiled again and cupped my face in his hands.  He pressed his mouth into mine and I whimpered softly.  He was a much better kisser then me.  His lips were gentle, and he had a way of teasing me in a very playful and erotic way.  He would deepen the kiss, and then lean back just enough so that our lips were barely touching and I would have to lunge forward a little to continue it.  He was such a sexy kisser!

I decided to try.  I took a step backwards, and he had to take a step forward.  I drew him down the hall, nearly tripped over Zoe, and teased him into the bedroom.

He suddenly became very careful.  His eyes were open, and his hands were very gentle.  I was slightly frustrated, but at the same time very glad.  I still felt good, but I didn't want to go too far.

He reached for the lights, but I grabbed his hand, and kissed the palm.  "Leave them on?"  I felt anxious, but not scared.  I wanted him to see me, and I wanted to see him.  He smiled and kissed me again.  I sucked on his tongue gently.

I could feel him.  It was an intoxicating dizzying feeling.  We were pressed wholly against each other.  I could feel his cock against my hip, it was like a length of stone through the fabric of his pajamas.  I knew that he could feel me.  His breath was slightly ragged.  He whispered into my ear.  "I love you Aaron."

"I love you, too."  I whispered.

We had to break apart to get into the bed.  I lay down on my side, facing him.  He shoved a pillow in my direction, smiling shyly.  I rested my head on the pillow and blushed.  I would be lying if I said it wasn't awkward, especially that first moment, where we didn't really know how to begin.  The dark had helped us last night, now it was more awkward.

Daniel helped to break the tension.  He chuckled, leaned forward, and gave me a tender kiss.  "Want me to go first baby?"

I blushed and nodded.  "Please."

We leaned our upper bodies a little closer so our foreheads were touching.  I was looking into his beautiful brown eyes.  He had little pale flecks around the pupils of his eyes that looked like flakes of gold.  He pecked me on the lips, and then reached into the waistband of his pajama pants.

My cheeks were flaring with heat, and my groin was throbbing.  He pulled out his cock, and I saw it for the first time.  It was beautiful.  He seemed shy and a little unsure of what to do.  I didn't have the courage to touch him where I really wanted to touch him, but I reached out and touched his chest, I had never felt anything so intimate.  I could feel his heartbeat.

He stroked his cock slowly, moaning softly.  His cock was uncircumcised and dark skinned, with a thick base and a large shiny helmet.  If I had to guess, maybe seven inches.  He was so tall, that I had been a little afraid that he would be bigger.  I used to have fantasies about large cocks, but ever since Mr. Rapist, not at all.  I don't know why I had ever fantasized about a huge cock, it hurt too much.

I tried to shake that monster out of my thoughts.  I leaned forward and kissed him, a small needy sound escaping me.  I reached into my own waistband and pulled out my cock, trembling a little with my own daring.

He smiled, and there was so much love in his eyes.  Well, lust too, but there was still love.  "It's beautiful Aaron."

We stroked ourselves and kissed.  He always let me make the first move.  His eyes on me made me so aroused that I found myself having to hold back.

--------DANIEL--------

Aaron was so timid, but he was finally mine.  I just felt so possessive of him.  He looked so beautiful, across from me on the bed.  He had unbuttoned his shirt, and I could see his vulnerable white chest and stomach tensing and heaving with his breath.  I could see his nipples, they looked so sweet and tender, so pale and tiny and erect with his arousal.

His cock was about five inches long, with a pronounced upward curve.  It was circumcised and flushed and precome was dribbling from the slit, and I longed to lick it up.  He wasn't ready for that yet, but maybe he would be soon.

His blushing face was surrounded by his messy brown hair and he was gasping and his pale brown eyes kept looking right at me, as if for assurance.  I unbuttoned my shirt and he blushed and reached for my chest with his free hand.  He buried it in my chest hair, and tweaked my nipple with a mischievous little smile.

He was so sweet, I just wanted to eat him up, and I longed to pull him closer.  I kissed him hard, I needed to touch him, to feel him.  I was getting close, heat was building up in my groin.  I nibbled on his full lower lip.

"I'm gonna come Aaron."  I whispered, panting hard.

"Me too."  He whispered, his eyes shining with arousal.

He moaned softly, and his hand started moving faster and faster on his delicious curved cock.  I just wanted to reach down and grab it, but not yet.  I stroked my own cock, slowing down to tantalize myself before speeding up and gasping for air.

He closed his eyes, but I kept mine open.  We came at almost exactly the same time.

---

After we had cleaned up wordlessly, we ended up looking at each other and bursting out laughing.  He hugged me tight and went to change back into his clothes.  We were both kind of embarrassed, and it had been more then a little awkward, but I was glad that it had happened.  For the obvious, as well as it proved that last night hadn't been a fluke of some sort.  A third bonus, he was getting a little bolder.

There was just one thing I had noticed that had me thinking.  Last night, he had said something about how he had been scared to have sex with his one boyfriend.  But his boyfriend had been before the rape.

I had always assumed that his fear of sex had stemmed from that bastard who raped him that night at the Purple Rain.  But he had been afraid before that.  Had he had a bad experience with sex even earlier on?  Had he been abused?  I just didn't know, and I didn't want to ask him, not yet.

We put in a movie, The Matrix, and snuggled up on the couch.  As it turned out, the Matrix was his favorite movie of all time, and I had to deal with him whispering the lines of the actors with the exact same inflections and pitch, including an eerily accurate impression of Carrie Ann Moss.  If I had closed my eyes, I could have sworn she was in the room.

--------AARON--------

All good things have to come to an end, I guess.  After the Matrix, Daniel finished getting dressed and he gave me a ride home.  He gave me a kiss that made my breath come short and my toes curl in my shoes.  I stood on my doorstep, breathless as his car drove away.

I already missed him.  Jesus, was I that clingy?  I went inside and checked my emails on my laptop.  The very first thing I saw made me gasp in shock.

--------DANIEL--------

I had just stopped at a cafe to grab some coffee when my phone buzzed.  I saw it was Aaron.  I answered it, and was in the process of saying 'hi' when he interrupted me, talking about a mile a minute.  I could barely understand what he was saying.

"Omigod omigod omigod!!!!!  Daniel!  You'll never, he... that dumb fucking... omigod!! I was checking my emails and... Omigod!!!  Daniel!  I just got an interview!!!"

It took a second to register.  I had just gotten to the head of the line so I got out of line so the woman behind me could take her order.  "Aaron, what's going on?"

"Ohh!  I got an INTERVIEW Daniel!  That same school with the dick principal that told everyone I was gay?  They got a new principal a few months ago, and their English teacher is on maternity leave!  The job is only about four weeks, but the old teacher is moving, so if they like me they might keep me on for next year!  Ohhhh!  I GOT AN INTERVIEW!!"

Aaron sounded like he was bouncing off the walls.  I had a huge smile on my face and I couldn't stop it.  "Hey, that's fantastic Aaron, how--"

"I know, right?  Sorry, sorry, what were you saying?"

I laughed out loud.  "I was going to say that that sounds great!  I bet I can get my family to celebrate, does that sound good?"

"Hell yeah!  I have Tuesday off...  The interview is on Wednesday... I have an interview!  Holy shit I just can't stop saying that!"  He giggled maniacally and I laughed with him.  He was so fucking cute right now, I wished that I was there with him, but I probably needed to give him a little space, didn't want to smother him right away.

"Sounds amazing Aaron.  I'll call my parents, talk to you later?"

"Yup, I love you Daniel."  He giggled again.  "That's the first time I said that on a phone before!"

"Goofball."  I chuckled.  "I love you too, seeya."

"Bye bye."

I hung up.  I was so happy for him.  An interview didn't mean much, but he hadn't even had a chance for months, and he had really been looking.  I was just glad he had an interview, and I was hoping that it would go well for him.  I walked out of the shop, smiling for him, and it wasn't until I reached the office that I realized I had forgotten to get coffee like I had planned.

---

I got the family together again.  This time, Marc and Diane weren't going to make it, but my uncle Jack, aunt Marie, and my cousin Tyler were coming.  I even heard that Tyler was going to bring his boyfriend over.  It had been almost eight months, and I still hadn't met him.

I had to be at work until seven, so Aaron was already in the flat when I got there.  I moved through the restaurant and climbed up the stairs.  When I opened the door, I could feel my jaw swing open.

He was carrying a glass pitcher full of ice water, and when he saw me, he was so startled that he dropped it.

I gasped as ice water flooded over my knees and feet and drenched the wooden floor.  The pitcher shattered.  Aaron fell on his knees and let out a panicked gasp as he cut himself on some of the glass shards.

"Ow!  Oh my God!!  I'm so sorry Mrs. Arceiro! Owowowowow!  I'll clean it up!" He was panicking, and he looked stricken with embarrassment.

"You cut your hair."  I could hear myself say stupidly.  Then I shook my head and got down on my knees to help pick up the pieces of glass.

It took five minutes, several soaked washcloths, four band-aids, a tearful apology, and my exasperating mother insisting that no, it wasn't Aaron's fault, but eventually we were back on track.  Mom insisted over and over that she had never liked the pitcher, and eventually he calmed down.  The pitcher had actually been a mother's day gift from Marc, but my mother wasn't one to cry over spilled milk.  Plus, Aaron had actually started crying with frustration and shame when he apologized, so she hadn't wanted to agitate my poor sensitive boyfriend any further.

I couldn't stop staring at his cute new haircut...  It wasn't too short, it stopped at the nape of his neck, and he had teased it a little, so it looked cute and messy and it framed his heart shaped face.  With his square black glasses, he just looked adorable!

I couldn't help it anymore.  I put down the potato masher and scooped Aaron up in my arms.  I swung him around as he giggled helplessly.  When I set him down I kissed him so hard that he gasped.  Mom playfully smacked me with the rolled dish towel, you can guess where.

"Get to work you two... no shenanigans unless you want to clean your own damn sheets."  My mother was speaking sternly, but grinning as she said it.

Predictably, Aaron blushed.  He started talking, gushing about the interview, and how he had wanted to get a shorter, more professional haircut.  "My dad's probably gonna be over the moon." He murmured, looking suddenly a little depressed.

"Hey, don't let him get you down sweetheart."  That was my mother, the sweetest, toughest, kindest woman who ever lived.  "You're here, and here you're not allowed to frown, so lemme se you smile."

Aaron gave her one of his shy smiles, and I hadn't thought it possible, but he looked even cuter with short hair.  He looked gorgeous today.  He was a little more casual then he usually was; with acid-washed jeans and a black shirt with sleeves that reached partway down his forearms.  The shirt was tight in all the right places, showing his slim sexy figure.  Also, it had a wide neck, so I was able to see a few inches of his pale pristine shoulders, and the sexy lines of his collarbone.

He was so cute!  He had a hemp necklace today, a matching hemp bracelet, some silver rings.  He even had a tri-force belt buckle, which just cracked me up.  He was such a nerd!  A CUTE nerd!

I leaned in and nibbled on one of his newly-exposed ears, and he squealed and slapped me playfully.

"Bad Daniel!  Bad dog!"  He giggled.  "Am I gonna have to spank you?"

I nuzzled up against his neck, smelling soap and light musky cologne and feeling his warm, fresh-showered skin.  I nipped him there, and his breath came in a ragged gasp.  He froze in the middle of putting pot-roast on the ceramic platter and shivered deliciously.

"Is that a promise?"  I purred, nipping him again to hear him gasp.  I yelped myself as my mother thwacked me with the towel.  Her voice was thick with the laughter she was trying desperately to hold back.

"Let Aaron work... Jack and Marie and the kids are gonna be here at any moment..."

"Yes mom."  I said seriously.  As soon as her back was turned, I gave Aaron's perky little ass a light slap, just to make him jump and hear him giggle.  I had loved his ponytail, but he looked even cuter now!  I just wanted to eat him up!

And from the coy look in his sexy brown eyes, it seemed like that could be a distinct possibility.

--------AARON--------

I felt so stupid!   I had dropped her nice pitcher, and I had upset the knife rack, causing three sharp blades to clatter on the floor.  I had cut-up knees, and Daniel had cut his hand...  I was a disaster in the kitchen, and after nearly dropping the plate of tender roast and gravy, she seemed to realize it at last, and sent me to set the table in the dining room, smiling ruefully.  I loved cooking, but I was way too clumsy.

I had been worried about Daniel...  Mrs. Arceiro loved my new haircut, and I liked it, but I knew that Daniel had loved my old hair...  I needn't have worried.  If anything, he was acting kind of ridiculous now that my hair was shorter.  He kept teasing me, touching me, kissing me.  He couldn't keep his hands off me.  Part of me was squirming with embarrassment at being fondled in front of his mother, and the rest of me just wanted to barricade his bedroom door and get naked with him.
