 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

In the blackness of the night I could hear the wind brush through the branches of the trees above us. The moonlight lit up the roof of our small two-person tent. Crickets provided the background noise somewhere in the distance. I couldn't sleep. Nature wasn't for me. 

Every year since I was about five the family went on a weekend trip into the Washington woods. It was fun as children. Running freely, scared of walking into bears and what not. But I was twenty now. I didn't understand why I still had to join on this stupid trip. Annoyed I rolled onto my side, accepting my fate of insomnia in the wild. 

The summer heat was doable, but I was still hot in my pyjama pants. Next to me, my brother Brock was sleeping like an ox. His heavy breath ending in a roaring snore. His big chest moving up and down. Gods he was built. At 24 he was a real man. Whereas I was 5"7 and couldn't gain weight or muscles no matter how I changed my diet, he was ripped head to toe. 

I heard an owl close by. Ugh, how was he asleep right now? 

I continued to listen to his ragged breath for at least a half an hour, hoping it would sooth me into sleep as if I were counting sheep, until I couldn't stand it anymore. I rolled over to him with as much noise I could make in my sleeping bag. The warmth of his body somewhat made me less courageous, but I still lifted myself up and hovered over him. When he started snoring again, I pinched his nose.

His mouth automatically fell open and sucked the air in. He didn't seem waken. But my plan seemed to work. He stopped snoring. I laid down next to him. His skin felt so warm, so familiar. I looked at the muscles and veins in arms. The brown hairs that covered the lower half while his biceps were smooth as a baby. I didn't yet want to turn back away from him. It reminded me of all the summers before, where we were stuck in a tent while our sister Jenny and our parents were cozy in the caravan. The things we did and never spoke of.

I forced myself to turn away again. We weren't reckless boys anymore. In fact Brock and I hadn't seen each other since Christmas. As close as we had been as teenagers, sharing our passion for motorbikes and hiking, we were in different places now. Most of all, I was gay and proud of it. I had the time of my life in college and fucked as many men as I possibly could. Brock had been in a relationship for eleven years. Yeah, I'm not kidding, he's been with Carly since he was 15. But she had a demanding job and never joined us for these outings. I liked it better that way. For all our separation, this was still our time together.

I turned around on my other side and looked at the canvas of the tent swaying with the wind. I'd fall asleep soon enough I told myself. 

Suddenly Brock started grunting. He turned on his side and... his arm fell on my body. 

Brock worked in construction and never needed to work-out. He was naturally strong like a mountain. His large hand grabbed my tiny waist and pulled my entire body closer to his without any effort. Did he think he was at home with Carly? 

My stomach turned. My mind was spinning. These sensations were arousing, because I had many men who treated me like this after they had fucked my brains out. But I had to tell myself this wasn't an erotic moment. This was my brother. My big brother on our family weekend. My dick didn't listen and grew in my pyjama pants. 

I panicked. What if he noticed?

I tried to move my body out from under his strong grip without him waking up, but his arm easily kept me locked in. And every time I moved, the sleeping bag slipped further off until my naked upper body was stroking his naked muscled arm. My dick jumped. Fuck, for once could I not be turned on? This was not the time!

I felt Brocks warm breath in my neck. God that felt good. A part of me wanted to scoot backwards and snuggle up. Just hug him like brothers do. Why was that weird? 

No. No, if he was awake he wouldn't do this. He thought I was Carly and he would let me go if he knew what he was doing. Enjoying this final moment of intimacy, I cleared my throat to wake him up.

Nothing happened. Should I try again? As I was ready to call his name, I felt his head move closer to my neck. His warm breath wrapped itself around me, making my skin tingle. His wet lips placed a tiny kiss on the back of my neck.

"Can't you sleep little brother?" I heard his deep voice say.

He was awake?

Brock grip didn't soften, instead, he pushed his hand closer to my waist and pulled my lower body towards him. And then I felt it. His huge, rock hard cock through his boxers. 

I knew Brock had a big dick, but I had forgotten just how big. My lower ass cheek felt a rock hard ridge, curving all the way up until his cockhead poked against the small of my back. It must be at least 7, no 8 ,inches I thought. I felt my asshole twitch. No, stop. He was just being a dufus.

"Let go of me," I said, acting as if he was wrestling with me and I was still his younger brother who didn't want to play his games.

He laughed, bellowing like he always did. I loved that sound.

"Come on," is all he said, while he pulled out his other arm and wronged it under my neck, wrapping both his arms around my frail body. 

I turned around and pushed him away, rolling out of his grip. 

"I'm trying to sleep," I said jokingly. 

"Me too, but I can't," he said, while boyishly grabbing his boxer and rearranging his dick.

I looked at it. He sported a huge tent. 

He caught me looking at it. I heard his breath increase.

It was silent. It stayed that way for a couple of seconds.

"Carly doesn't touch it anymore," he said. 

My heart jumped. Was he implying what I think he was implying? 

I looked in his eyes. Those beautiful bright blue eyes, staring right back at me. He looked so masculine with his big, brown beard and chiseled body. His nipples had appeared from his sleeping bag, and the upper part of his smooth shaven six pack too. If he wasn't my brother I had attacked him some time ago.

Without saying a word, Brock lifted up his ass and pulled his boxer down. While his round white ass cheeks appeared, the cotton got stuck on his pole. He pulled harder and with a loud slap his big meat flopped from his underwear.

My own dick leaked in my pants at the sight of that gorgeous cock. 

"Go touch it bubba. Like you used to," Brock whispered.

My heart raced in my chest. I couldn't look at him anymore. All I saw was that big, meaty, grown man's cock. It started slim at the bottom, then grew incredibly broad in the middle, before it curved up to a bright pink glans. At the tip, a drop of pre-cum glistened in the moonlight. 

I lost all control and with a deep sigh and open mouth I dived down into his crotch.

His big cock immediately hit the roof of my mouth, slipped out and my face slid down the long shaft. I was in heaven. I smelled the musk of my brother's crotch, the heat and sweat of his pubes. My brother groaned.

"I knew you liked that, baby bro. I knew you wanted your brothers cock." 

With those words I stuck out my tongue and licked the skin of his shaft. It tasted amazing. It tasted like him. With one hand I grabbed his cock to keep it steady. I licked up, all the way up, to his cockhead and wrapped my lips around it. It filled my mouth, but I had experience. Without much resistance, I lowered my head down to his enormous shaft. I felt his pole penetrate my mouth, past my tonsils, down my oesophagus. 

My body was made for this cock. My face born to be a hole to store it in. He was my older brother after all. Our DNA strains matched. They belonged together. Our bodies, our anatomy, our very existence, meant to complement each other.

Brock let out a moan.

"Oh shit yeah," he said, throwing his head back and bucking his hips upwards.

I took the encouragement and lowered myself even further down. I felt myself choke, but resisted. I had to reach the end. My lips crawling down over his skin every last inch, until my nose finally reached his crotch. My upper body was now vertically hanging over his cock, almost spit roasted on that monster meat. I was wide awake and hornier than ever. God, was this happiness?

I pulled myself back from his cock entirely and Brock let out a huge sigh. What felt like a bucket of drool fell from my mouth onto his cock and enormous balls. How long had he not unloaded those?

"Holy fuck bubba. You like that? Is that it? You like your brothers dick?" Brock said breathlessly while grabbing my head with his two large hand, forcing me to lock eyes with him. 

I caught my breath and could only nod. This was new territory. We weren't fooling around. I was an experienced cock sucker now. He was a man. All our lives had prepared us to have actual, real, hardcore sex with each other. I wanted to make him cum. 

Brock leaned forward and hungrily kissed my lips. I kissed him back. It was hotter than anyone who had ever kissed me. He tasted like my brother. He tasted his own cock. We made out sloppily but before I knew it his hand grabbed the back of my head and pushed it back down onto his cock.

"Oh fuck," he said, throwing his head back again and grunting. 

I couldn't breathe, even though his cock was already deep inside my throat again, he wouldn't stop pushing. I grabbed his hairy legs for stability, but he kept on pushing. 

"Take it, take it better than my wife," Brock sighed.

I wouldn't give up. This was my destiny. I kept on breathing to my choking. I knew I had to. He was too strong. He kept pushing me down. I let more drool fall from my mouth just to breathe. Suddenly he pulled my hairs hard and started bopping my head up and down his shaft. 

The tent filled with my loud shrieks, gasping for air, but I never felt more alive. My own cock was rock hard. I was choking on my big brothers cock!

Brock shoved his dick back in my face again and started moaning. His glans was rubbing something deep inside my throat. His movements became frantic. His moaning intensified. And then I felt him shoot. 

It was the weirdest feeling. Normally when you swallow food, a taste is left on your tongue. You physically swallow it down. But Brocks cock was so far in me, the ropes of cum just immediately shot down to my stomach. One, two, three shots. It didn't stop. My breathing stopped. Time stopped. I didn't need oxygen, I just needed to take all of the cum that was shot down my throat right now. 

His hips get buckling, his own breath had stopped too. I opened my eyes and saw his cock pulse, his balls contract. And finally, his grip loosened and he let out a deep, loud grunt. 

Did my parents hear that?

He pulled me off and I gasped for air as if I just came back to the land of the living. His cock was still spasming, shooting out smaller shots of cum. It dripped down his long mast. Brock looked at it, in ecstasy, catching his breath every time cum jumped from his dick. He looked me in the eyes. I swallowed and felt prouder than I ever had of myself that I had taken my brother's entire load of cum.

He laughed at me. I laughed back. We kissed.

"That was the best blowjob I ever had bubba," he said while giving me a soft kiss.

"I love you Brock," I replied. It surprised even myself, but I meant it. I never had a man I wanted to please like this. I tried so hard for this. I loved him. I felt safe with him. I felt happy with his cum in my stomach. 

Brock pulled back.

"You do?" He said.

Suddenly I felt fearsome. Had I said something wrong?

"We haven't really talked," Brock said, looking away. "I didn't know if you..."

"What?" I asked, unsure what he was talking about.

"You've always been so beautiful, Will," he said, looking at me again with those piercing eyes.

"I like girls and I love Carly, but you've been my exception. I mean look at you. You're gorgeous. But when you came out as gay, I thought you would find other men. Better men. That I could never... We would never..."

I looked at him confused. Was this hunk of a man, ripped, muscled and hairy in all the right places... insecure? 

"You are my brother," he said softly. As if to say that what we just did was wrong. Like it shouldn't happen. Like it was a mistake.

I slid my fingers through his beard until I held his head in my hands. 

"Yes, you are my brother. And I'm your little brother. I belong to you. My body belongs to you. My heart belongs to you. Then and now," I whispered.

He looked at me, his eyes cleared up and twinkled. He kissed me deeply and stuck his tongue in my mouth. I moaned softly. He wrapped his arms around me and pulled into him. I kiss intensified. I wrapped my arms around him and he threw me down on my sleeping bag. I wrapped my legs around him too but instead he pulled off my pyjama pants.

When my bottom half was naked too, I felt his already rock hard massive dick press against my own dick. It was a fine 7 inches, but paled in comparison of course. When the two poles rubbed together I had to catch my breath or I'd cum right then and there. 

My big brother grabbed my thighs and pulled my legs up, exposing my hole against the night air. He let his tree trunk fall on top of it and slid up and down against my balls through my ass crack. He pulled his hips back and his cockhead slid against my puckered asshole. 

I took a deep breath. I knew I could do this. I thrust his hips forward and his cock pressed against my hole. I opened wide and he pressed harder. I felt my ring being stretched my his head and breathed deeply in and out. His cock was lubed from all his cum and he slid past my dry entrance. 

"I don't know if I'm clean," I whispered, not ready to let this amazing feeling be over.

Brock breathed deeply too. I could see he was besides himself. He towered over me and let his massive body rest on mine while his cock slid further and further down into my intestines. 

"I don't care," he whispered as he pushed further.

My ass started to hurt. A poking pain erupted in my stomach. He bottomed out and his face was buried in my neck.

I didn't care either. I spread my legs and kept on breathing. I would take his cock tonight. My entire lower half was now spit roasted onto his cock. I bucked my hips down and felt his soft balls against my ass. Brock started thrusting. The pain kept going but the pleasure exceeded it. As my entire body was shaken to its core, I ascended into heaven.

We were fucking. Like animals. Like brothers. Like nature intended. 

The unmistakable slapping of balls against skin, the sounds of sex, filled the tent. I had to keep breathing. I felt like my organs were being poked and shuffled. Nothing on earth had ever gone this deep into me. Nothing should ever go so deep into a boy's body. And yet it did, and it felt like gods divinity. Like my body was made to take his enormous cock. I held onto the sweaty back of my brother with all my limbs. He showed no sign of stopping.

He held my body in his arms, dug his feet into the floor of the tent and increased his pace. The slapping grew louder and faster. He grabbed my hair and pulled my head back. I moaned as my body grew limp. I was his sheath now. Just a vessel to be used. My cock couldn't get hard. My brain couldn't function. His cock was penetrating my being, bending me to its will. It destroyed my ass, my rectum, my stomach. I could feel it poking and twirling inside of me like a beast searching for a way out.

Brocks grip of me intensified, he started moaning, grunting, roaring. Someone will hear, I figured, so I kissed him, silencing his sounds with our tongues. He kissed me intensely and I felt his body shake. 

"Here it comes," he breathed into my mouth.

He thrusted deep into me, his fat cock buried to the hilt in my stretched up backdoor. He retracted it and slammed it back down, shooting more cum inside my rectum. With his force, a blob of cum dripped out of my soft prick onto my stomach. He continued this process half a dozen times, until my boycunt was full and cum started leaking out and my stomach had a tiny pool of thick white cum too. We were now covered in it. 

"Oooooh fuckkkk," he groaned for several seconds with a final thrust, before he let his entire weight drop on top of me.

We both sighed and started laughing.

I lowered my butt down to the floor, but kept my legs around his waist. His cock softened but was long enough it stayed in my ass. Our bodies rubbed against each other, lubed with our semen. We kissed like dogs, sloppily licking each others tongues and faces, hungry for the salt of our sweat and scent of our body. 

"That was the best fuck of my life, baby bro," Brock said as he licked the side of my face.

"I know," I said cheeky. 

Brock laughed. I cozied up against him in thankful response. Brock laid his head to rest on my shoulder. In that moment I loved him so much. I loved that he had shared his ball juice inside my body where it belonged. Where I could soak it in and become a part of me. Now we were connected like brothers through his DNA. 

I looked up at the roof the tent again. The wind still brushed the trees and the moonlit still lit up the tent. My brother quickly started snoring again. And I, soaked in cum and sweat, fell asleep too.