 Austin, Texas

The weather in Austin was unusually warm. Who would think that on January 29th you would see people roaming around the streets in short sleeve shirts and shorts? All along Town Lake men and women were running bicycling and laying on the grass catching some rays.  I love to watch the women joggers with large breasts. Their tits seem to bob up and down like a cork on a fishing line as they run. And of course, the young guys running in their onionskin shorts look very inviting. The bike shorts are the best as they clink to their asses and give you some idea of the size of their manhood. I guess I could sit here all day and watch all the bodies pass by. 

Anyway, I called my friend in Westlake. I met him my last trip to Austin and went over to his house on the cliffs of Westlake. He had a great home with a pool. And some very interesting friends that did not hide their sexually or their bodies. I enjoyed the afternoon and the sights and sounds, but was a little uncomfortable with so many guys around. Not that I did have my fantasies while watching them. I could go for a pile of nude guys all paying attention to me. But in reality, not sure I could feel safe in that environment. 

So the phone rang a couple of times and he answered. He was glad to hear from me and we talked for a while about why I was in Austin and how sorry he was for the difficult situation I had to deal with. He suggested I come over and get away from it all. He promised NO other people would be around and I could just relax. I agreed and headed over to his house. The traffic is terrible in Austin so it took twice as long as it should. I parked and walked up to the house. Before I could knock he opened the door and invited me in. He gave me a brief hug and I followed him thru the house and out on the back patio. He had a couple of glasses with ice and a pitcher sitting on the table.

"Margarita?" he asked holding up the pitcher.

"Sure" I replied as he was already pouring the greenish liquid in the glasses. He handed me one and toasted, "Cheers!"

I took a big drink from the glass and it easily slid down my throat. The salt and lime made the alcohol tart and delicious. It was too good and going down too easy. After a couple of swallows, half my glass was empty. He didn't ask and just topped off my glass with more. We talked for a while about all the things I was doing and he suggested some options to help. When he talks his voice sort of puts you in a calming trace. While I was listening to him, I was also drawn to him. His mouth was very pleasing and one side of his mouth would rise up when he talked. His upper lip would separate from the lower lip at one corner and I found it very sexy. Anyway, next thing I heard was he asking if I wanted to take a swim.

I said "sure". He just got up, pulled his polo shirt over his head, dropped his shorts and walked butt naked to the edge of the pool. His butt had a slight tan line and cute cheeks. A little hair only made it sexier. I pulled off my shirt, took off my shoes, socks and Levi's and finally dropped my briefs. I am a little self conscious of my beer gut so got to the pool and just jumped in. Wow, while the sun was shining and it felt like summer, the water felt like I was jumping into Barton Springs. I had goose bumps on goose bumps.

"It doesn't warm up as much as in the summer months." He said walking around in the water. "But it does feel good and I like to swim a couple times a week in winter and almost every day doing spring and summer. I thought about heating it, but it is too expensive and I would not use it any more than I do now." He continued as he tread water. He swam over to the steps and got out. I watched his wet body as he crossed the patio, got a couple plastic glasses and poured us a couple more drinks. As he walked back I got a good look at his cock. It hung down very nicely and would swing back and forth while he walked. His pubic hair looked like it was probably slightly trimmed. His cock looked very erotic.

He got to the pool, bent over and handed me my glass. He was close and I was just looking up at him and his cock. His cock was cut and had a large head on it. When he squatted down to sit on the edge, his balls hung below his shaft and they too looked like they had been trimmed. He had very little hair on his balls. I could feel my cock stir underwater. Shit, I thought. Don't get a hard on now. He sat on the edge of the pool and dangled his feet in the water. As we talked and drank our margaritas I would steal a glance at his cock. It seemed to be a little bigger than before. Not hard but a little bigger. I think he was also getting a little aroused. 

He sat his drink down and slid into the water. He swam across the pool and back. When he got to edge he was standing next to me leaning on the pool edge. As we drank our drinks, he could feel his thigh against mine. I was getting a hard-on. He lifting his drink to his mouth and turned towards me. His cock brushed against my thigh and he sipped his drink. I got my drink and turned towards him. My cock brushed his. We did not say anything as our cocks touched. As his glass left his mouth, he leaned forward and kissed me. His tongue slid between my lips and I kissed him back. As he kissed me, his hips pressed forward grinding our now hard cocks together. 

Still kissing, he sat his glass down and I felt his hand circle my waist, cup my ass and he pulled us together. I put mine down and put my arms around him. I pressed my tongue into his mouth and caressed his mouth and tongue. I slid my hand down his back and found that beautiful ass of his. His butt was firm and each cheek felt so round. I gasped and caressed his smooth butt. He even moaned into my mouth when my hand slid up between his cheeks. He moved one of his hands off my ass and down between our bodies. He grabbed my hard cock and stroked me. Then he moved to my balls and cupped them and rolled them around with his fingers. God, he was driving me fucking crazy.

He broke our kiss, grabbed my hand and we walked thru the water to the steps at the shallow in of the pool. He got me sitting on the top step with my legs in the water but my hard cock out in the open. He sat one of the lower steps and ran his tongue up my leg and right to my cock. He kissed the shaft and moved down to lick around my balls. Then his mouth covered the end of my cock and I slid into his mouth. He began to do marvelous things to my cock with his mouth, lips and tongue. He would pull off my cock and then slid it back fully into his mouth until his nose was buried in my pubic hair. He was taking my entire cock into his mouth. I am not sure how long he tongue bathed my cock but when he pulled his mouth off of me I wanted to shove it back in his face. He sat back and just smiled at me. 

"Come on." He said getting up and reaching his hand out to me. I grabbed his hand and he pulled me up. I followed his sweet ass and we went into the house. We walked into the livingroom and he said to wait here. He returned with a couple of towels, threw me one and we dried ourselves off. "Do you want another drink?" he asked. 

"If you're having one, I will." I said drying my legs. He left and I sat naked on the couch. He returned with our glasses filled with the tequila spirit and handed me one. He sat down next to me and took a couple sips of his. I did not wait for any other interaction. I put my drink on the end table and slid to my knees in front of him. I parted his legs and slid up between him until I was face to face with his beautiful cock. I pushed it up to his stomach and pressed my lips to the bottom of his hard shaft. I licked the shaft and moved down until my mouth was sucking on his balls. He had little or no hair on his balls. My bet is he keeps them totally shaved but had not done it in a couple of days. I drew one of his balls into my mouth and swirled my tongue around it. I proceeded to do the same thing to his other ball.

While I was playing with his balls, my hand was holding his cock. I did not realize how large around his shaft was. He was extremely hard and my hand could make it around it but barely. I moved my lips up from his balls, long his huge shaft and found the dark purple hood at the end. He had a very defined and large ridge around the base of the head. It was like a large dark purple helmet. I licked under the ridge and then let my lips cover the head. My mouth stretched to encompass the head. I drew him into my mouth and pressed my head down on his cock. He was very big. I proceeded to move back and forth on his cock. As I got used to his size, I took more of his rigid hot cock into my mouth. I finally felt his cock at the back of my mouth. I gagged and backed off a little. I wanted to taste all of him but I did not think I could accommodate his size. I pulled him from my mouth and just licked and sucked on the smooth warm head. Then I again bend his cock down and wrapped my lips around it. I slowly pushed my mouth down his cock and acting like I was swallowing, allowed his cock to push to the back of my mouth and to my throat. I felt his pubic hair tickle my nose and as I had a gag reflex. I pulled off of him quickly and then pushed back again. Each time I swallowed, each time his cock moved deep into my mouth and throat. It got easier to accept his hot shaft and not gag. 

All the time I was sucking his cock, he was sighing and moaning. I wanted him to cum but I knew it was not a safe thing to do. He did too. He pushed my head off and told me he was getting close. I grasped his slick shaft with my hand and began to slowly milk him. His hips rose to meet the rhythm of my hand. I pumped my hand up so I caressed the head of his cock. I know how I jack off and how sensitive the head of my cock is. On each stroke I drew my hand up and over the head of his cock. I heard him say faster. I moved my hand a little faster and pumped his cock. He felt his cock tighten and his cum shot out his cock onto his stomach and chest. He continued to spurt out his cum as I pumped his cock. His hot cum ran down my hand and his cock. His cock became slick with his cum. I continued to pump his cock until he reached down and stopped my hand from moving. I stopped and removed my hand from his shaft. He lay back on the couch with his legs spread straight out. I sat back on my hunches and then my ass. I looked at his semi-erect cock that was coated with his cum and the trail of cum on his stomach and chest. I wish I knew if he was clean or not. I would have liked to have him cum in my mouth or lick his cum from his body. 

"I feel good." He said as he stirred and walked to the bathroom. He returned moments later damp but clean. He sat down by me on the floor and kissed me. "I liked that." He said putting his arm over my shoulder. "Let's go in the bedroom."

I got up and followed him down the hall to his huge bedroom. It was quite a nest. All dark wood furniture, large windows with wooden shades and a huge bed. It was probably just a king, but it looked big. The cover was pulled back and there was a wide expanse of white sheet. He took me over to the bed and pushed me back on it. The cool sheets felt great. He lay down beside me and quickly pulled my mouth to his. He licked my lips, bit my lips and pushed his tongue into my mouth. I sucked on his tongue and ground my lips to his. Our cocks were pushed together and his hand held my waist. I was so fucking horny again. He pulled his leg over mine and grabbed my ass. He slowly dry fucked my cock with his. We humped our cocks together as our tongues slid in and out of each of our mouths. 

He pushed me back and kissed my neck. Then his lips moved down my chest and captured one of my nipples. He licked, sucked and bit my nipple. My other nipple was being pulled, twisted and pinched by his hand. It hurt, but it was a good hurt. He bit down on my nipple and pulled back, stretching it. The sensation caused my cock to ache.  He abandoned my nipples and went straight to my cock. He sucked my cock into his mouth and pressed down until he could lick my balls. I am at least 7 inches and he had me completely in his mouth. He fucked my cock with his mouth. I was ready to cum. 


Then he released my cock, rolled over on his side and pulled his nightstand drawer open. He tore open a condom and rolled it over my hard cock. He handed me a small vial with the words, Jasmine, written on the label. Before I could say anything, he straddled my chest with his ass facing me. He backed up and his cock was hanging over my face. I stuck out my tongue and licked his cock. But he moved down so I could not get to his cock and presented his ass to me. I didn't need to get hit in the head with a stick to know what he wanted. I licked his balls and moved my mouth up between his ass cheeks. He shifted and I had access to his tan hole. I drew my tongue between his cheeks and licked him. I reached up, pushed his cheeks apart and pressed my lips to his ass. I ran my tongue around his hole and pressed into him. He ground his ass to my mouth. I was getting so fucking hot doing this. 

I pushed his ass up and got my arms out from under his legs. I opened the vial and poured a little down his crack. As the first flow got to his hole, I pressed my finger to it and rubbed around his hole. Some of the oil dripped on my face. It did smell like Jasmine. I rotated my finger around his small hole and then pressed into him. My finger entered him, one knuckle at a time. My finger penetrated him fully. It was exciting watching my finger go in his ass. As his ass relaxed, I tried to put two fingers in him. As my fingers got slick with the oil, both entered his ass. I pushed them in until my knuckles were on his cheeks. While it was awkward, I was able to finger him and suck on his cock. His ass became more relaxed and my fingers entered him fully. I started to push my fingers in and out of his ass and he was groaning. Just when I was getting comfortable in my uncomfortable position, he pulled away and swung around until he straddled my cock. "Fuck me" he said as he aligned my cock to his ass. He pressed the head of my cock to his hole and pressed down. Little by little my cock slid into his ass. His eyes were closed when he fully sat down on my hips....my cock totally in him.

Once I was in him, he began to rise and lower himself on my cock. His ass felt warm and it made it more exciting with him fucking himself on my cock. As we fucked, his movements became faster. I reached up and pulled on his nipples as my hips rose to shove my cock in him. I knew I was going to cum. Before I came, his cock shot cum on my chest. As he continued to move up and down, I came. I filled the condom with my excitement. He moved his legs and lay on me. He gave me one small kiss as my cock slipped out of him. I lay in my own moisture and he rolled over and lay on his back. I reached for a Kleenex and began to wipe his cum from my chest. He leaned over and licked some of his cum that lay on my nipple. He licked it clean as I wiped the rest from my body. I reached down and pulled a single sheet up over us. As we lay there, we both fell asleep.

It was around 7PM when I awoke and he was still sleeping. I got up, went to the bathroom and removed a limp, sticky condom from my cock. I peed, flushed the condom at the same time and washed my hands and face. I went back into the bedroom and he was still sleeping. I pulled on my Levi's without putting on underwear and went into the kitchen. I got a diet coke and returned to the bedroom. He was lying on his stomach, nude. What a beautiful ass. I wanted to bury my face in his ass again. Instead, I drank my coke and lay back on the bed again. As I pulled the sheet up, his eyes opened. He smiled, put his arm over my chest and went back to sleep. Another sleepy Austin day.