 "Ready?" she asked.

I took a deep breath and swallowed. "Ready."

I felt a slight tug of pressure on my pants as my zipper was pulled down. A hand reached through my open fly, and quickly found its prize, gripping my flaccid cock, pulling it out of my boxers. Corina lightly gasped at the sight of it, thick and heavy. The hand stroked my shaft delicately, coaxing me to an erection, its fingertips gently grazing my shaft. Slowly, I grew harder, larger, my cock eager. I stared up at the ceiling as my manhood was engulfed by a warm, tight mouth. 

Corina smiled as she watched me squirming on the bed. I gritted my teeth and gripped the sheets. "Are you okay, John?" she asked innocently.

"Y-yeah," I stammered.

She looked down at the young man sucking my cock, whose name I had no desire to learn. Her grin broadened, her eyes wide, as she watched. He held my cock with one hand as he bobbed his head up and down, his tongue swirling around my head with practiced talent. She smirked. "I thought you said a guy could never make you cum," she reminded me. "You're not worried, are you?"

I stifled a gasp as my fellator's tongue caressed my manhood, his lips wrapped around my crown. "Of course not," I lied. What a stupid claim to make... Of course, I hadn't realized then, after three too many drinks, that she had been so serious in testing my hypothesis. And after she offered to do whatever I wanted if I were right, her hand firmly grasping my rapidly growing erection through my pants, I had readily agreed. It had seemed no more than flirtation, a gateway to more... 

But now... I looked down my chest at the young man sucking my cock with an embarrassing amount of skill and enthusiasm. My cock slowly vanished into his mouth until his lips were at the base of my shaft. To the side, my phone counted torturously slowly, allegedly approaching the twenty minute mark that would allow me to claim Corina and victory. Oh, I was going to make her pay for this... First, I was going to get out the handcuffs...

My hips bucked involuntarily, my body having betrayed me, selling me out for the chance at orgasm. A groan escaped my clenched jaws. I would have to save my fantasies for a less precipitous time. Corina giggled and leaned forward in her chair, her full breasts nearly spilling out of her top, her nipples poking urgently through the thin fabric. Her hand crawled between her thighs and began petting her crotch through her jeans. Her eyes were wide, her lips parted, her breath gasping as she observed the scene before her. If only it were her lips around me right now...

I looked at the clock: five minutes left. I could make it. Corina's hand reached up her blouse, caressing her breast, pinching her nipple. She moaned softly, her eyes locked on us. She was masturbating, pleasuring herself to me, to the sight of me, to the thought of me receiving a blowjob from another man. I was the object of desire, nothing more than a tool, a porno to her and her lust as she lazily brought herself to orgasm without me.

My partner's tongue caressed my cock, sliding along my dick, tracing small circles against the head of my cock, his tongue flicking back and forth rapidly. I gripped the sheets tightly. I had never done anything with a guy before, not even as a drunken college experiment, but this...this was something else. Maybe if I just closed my eyes and pretended it was Corina's lips wrapped tightly around my cock, Corina slavering over my manhood, maybe I could get used to this. Or at least if she were to join in, if she were to kiss my lips, run her hands over my chest, press her firm, round breasts against me, it wouldn't matter who was sucking my cock...

His hands caressed my balls, carefully fondling them, massaging them. He undid the button of my pants and impatiently tugged them off of me. His fingernails grazed against my bare thighs, tracing out long ovals in my flesh, the pleasure building higher and higher. Corina undid her jeans, her hand greedily slipping beneath her hands, furiously rubbing against her clit. His pressure increased, his movements became faster, his head bobbed up and down impatiently, eagerly.

"Shit," I gasped. That pleasure inside of me was growing unsteady. I couldn't control it any longer. I was about to fall into the abyss.

Corina perked up and bit her lip as she climbed off her chair and onto the floor, angling for the best view possible, her excited face mere inches from my pulsating manhood. I could feel the end approaching. My nerves were reaching the cliff's edge. A wave of pleasure subsumed me as my treasonous body surrendered to his unbeatable skill. I shuddered, quivering, as my cock spasmed inside his mouth. Corina watched, entranced. His mouth tightened, his hands grabbed my ass, pulling me into his mouth, keeping me from escaping as he swallowed every last drop of my cum, moaning in satisfied delight. 

I lay panting in bed, one thought running through my mind: a guy just sucked my cock. And I came. And it was the best blowjob I've ever had. And he swallowed. My cheeks burned with shameful arousal. He released my wilting manhood from his mouth and backed away.

Corina stood up and walked over to him, hugging him tightly and giving him a quick peck on the cheek. "Thank you, Steven. I'll call you tomorrow." She looked over to me and smiled. "I owe you brunch." He said his goodbyes and left us alone.

Corina walked over to the bed, towering over me. She checked the phone and stopped the timer. "Twenty minutes, twelve seconds. You just made it," she observed. She bent over and slid her hand under my head, pulling me against her lips and kissing me deeply, her tongue slipping between my lips. She released me with a wet gasp and let me fall onto the bed with a weak smile.

"I'm all yours for the week, then," she began, slipping off her shoulder straps, pulling her top below her chest, exposing her pale, soft breasts and pebble-hard nipples. She climbed on top of me and walked her fingers across my chest. "What do you want to do first?"