 I was thirty-one years old and was addicted to pantyhose and nylons. Various girlfriends over the years have indulged my fetish, with pantyhose sex, nylon foot jobs, and some would let me smell and kiss their pantyhose covered feet. Something happened during this time that was mind blowing.

I was over at my friend Nick's house. Nick is am openly bisexual man. Hell, I didn't care , whatever floats your boat. We were having drinks and talking about some woman we had seen on the television about how hot she was, I mentioned that because she was in heels and hose she was perfect.

Nick asked me "what really gets you going?"

Well I had a few drinks by that time and I said, "I really love a woman's soft touch along with nylons and feet. I continued "I had been with this girl who sat behind me and wrapped her pantyhose covered legs around my waist and put her feet on my cock all the while kissing my neck and softly stroking my back with her nails lightly." I was shuddering just thinking about it.

Nick asked "so you like light almost ticklish play on your skin?" 

I admitted that I did. 

Nick then asked "Have you ever worn nylons or pantyhose?" 

I feeling rather lucid and admitted I had. 

Nick got up and refilled our drinks, he said "I tried pantyhose on, but my leg hairs kept getting caught."

I blurted out "If you shave your legs it feels great and you will feel the air on your skin..." I knew I was really feeling the booze and was saying too much. 

I started to get up to go to the bathroom, I felt very heavy and couldn't move and then everything went dark.

I woke up lying on a bed. How much time had passed? I thought was a little while later. It was very dark, I started to get up but I felt a tug at both my wrists. I realized that I had was blindfolded and both my wrists and ankles were in restraints and the restraints were tied spread-eagle to the bed posts.

I also felt the air hitting my body all over. I was naked and shaved smooth all over. I felt some warmth on my legs, I was in pantyhose! I was trapped!

I called out "Nick, Nick are you there?" No answer, I started to get worried. At the same time I started counting the drinks I had one, two, three martinis, and that shouldn't be enough to put me out. Then I remembered Nick's funny grin when he brought me my last cocktail. No, Nick wouldn't go to all this trouble or would he? 

I felt someone in the room. "Nick?"

There was no answer.

Then I felt a feather running down my face and down my neck slowly, softly. I jumped and said "Nick! I know it is you". I am very ticklish, but this was making me writhe against my bonds. It was very sensual. The feather worked its way down my neck to my chest, circling my nipples which were getting extremely hard. I was also aware that my cock which had been limp just a little bit ago was now hard and the feather kept on its assault. A moment later it was joined by another feather, both nipples being circled.

I gasped, then the feathers headed straight down my shaved belly and down around my penis. My cock twitched but there was no relief as my torturer skipped down to my legs and feet. Then started the real attack, I felt a quill end of the feather dragging along the bottom of my sole, I shrieked with laughter and scrunched my nylon covered toes up.

I fought against my bonds. "Nick! I can't take it" 

Then the tickling stopped. I was laughing and struggling in the silence.

Then without warning feathers danced in my exposed armpits, "Ah, NO" I yelped. I twisted to get away there was no escape.

I felt a spreader bar being attached to my ankle restraints. I would not be able to close my legs if I wanted to. I felt the ties on my ankle being reattached to something. The bar was hoisted up, my feet in the air. Oh no! I really am in for it. I was panicked. Struggling and moving, testing the strength of my bonds. 

Cool Silence.

Instead of a new onslaught I felt a new sensation, my feet were being kissed, and my toes sucked. It felt so good. The gusset that had been covering me in nylon and cotton was pulled away from me. I heard a sound that sounded like scissors. Clip, clip the sound went, the gusset removed and my very hard cock was released.

I then felt a soft nylon foot between my legs, starting to rubbing and sliding my engorged member, silky toes wrapping around my cock head. 

"Oh God that's so good", I hissed. Then the foot worked its way up to my face. I started kissing and sucking that foot. The foot went away and I dreaded the tickling would start again.

My cock was being tickled with the two feathers up the underside and down on either side. I gasped. One feather attacked my freshly shaven balls. It was sending goose bumps up my arms. The skin on my balls was so taught. 

I am going to cum soon, as the feathers dragging maddeningly across and back and forth. Then just as abruptly as it started it stopped. Oh my, is that a condom being rolled on my prick? No it feels too good. A knee high? A sheer knee high had been stretched over covering my cock and balls. 

My cock now was being jacked off slowly and my balls were being tickled with a feather. Oh I was moaning and twisting in my bonds. My cock was being stroked masterfully, I was building and building to a climax then the stroking stopped. "Oh please, please, don't stop", I begged. My cock was twitching and pulsing in the knee high.

Then I felt hot breath on the tip of my cock head, a warm mouth engulfed me. I sucked air in sharply. The mystery mouth was between my legs and giving me a blow job through a knee high. I felt nylon covered hands rub up and down my captive legs and feet. The caressing of my chest was next nylon covered hands over my smooth shaved body.

I wanted to see what was going on. I asked "take my blindfold off please"

A voice whispered "if I take it off I will block your view with something else." 

I froze I was enjoying the blow job, but how much further would I go?

That question was soon to be answered as I felt a fully nylon encased person straddling me, feet on either side of my head. Now this person was kissing my belly and headed to my cock. I let out a big open mouth sigh and as I did I felt a cock at my lips. I had never done tasted a cock. I tentatively lick at the cock in a knee high. I took him in to my mouth as he lowered his body he took me in his mouth. I was shaking and moaning, slurping it. Loving being taken and was building to amazing orgasm.

To be continued...