 I spent the night with Jake and woke up to the smell of Texas Columbian Pecan coffee. I sat up in bed and found I was alone. I threw off the sheet and realized I had slept all night in my t-shirt and levy's. I threw my legs off the side of the bed and found my docksides. I slipped my feet into them and made my way to the kitchen. Jake had his back to me and I could also smell the aroma of bacon cooking. 

"Smells good". I said walking around the counter.

Jake turned and said, "Grab some coffee." I picked up a cup and poured in the hot java. It smelled and tasted good. I sat down at the table as he turned the bacon in the skillet.

"Did you sleep good?" he asked as he walked to the frig.

"Yes, I did." I said taking a sip of the hot coffee. "I woke up a couple of times but I slept good." 

He made a great breakfast. Besides the thick sliced bacon, he fried a couple of eggs, made toast and sliced some cantaloupe. We talked about Austin, how it has changed over the years and just did some idle talk. "do you want to go down to 4th Street tonight?" he asked.

"Where?" I replied.

"Maybe Oil Can's or Rain. Might be fun. I know the bartender at Oil Can's and we can get some freebees." He said wiping his toast thru the egg yoke on his plate.

I had been to Oil Can's. It is a fucking meat market for gays/lesbians...mostly gay. It is not that nice but it is a loud party atmosphere. "I really don't care to much for Oil Can's. Don't you think it is pretty sleezy?" I said.

"Yeah, I know. But I just go to get some free drinks and then we head over to the straight side of Austin, 6th street." He said with a slight chuckle. "You can find some really great straight guys on 6th Street that like cock."

"I need to do some things this afternoon. I will see if I can get away." I told him. "I will give you a call." 

So I took a shower, got dressed and headed out to do some business around town. I got a lot accomplished, had some taco's at Jack in the Box and made it back to the apartment around 3PM. I told my wife that I was meeting some old high school friends and would be out late. She asked how my mother was doing as I told her I spent the night over at her house. I said she was ok but her short term memory still has her telling the same story over and over during the day. Which is true. 

I showered again and put on a polo shirt and a pair of Dockers. I drove down to 4th street and parked in a $5 parking lot. Austin is a great town for partying and just walking the streets late in the evening. It is a typical college town with preppies, hippies, gays, lesbians, straights and a lot of cowboys. In this day and age, also Hispanics. I watched all the people heading from the parking lot to the clubs and restaurants. Being in my 50's, everyone looks young. The young girls all seem to have big boobs and tight butts and the guys sort of look like they are still in the 1960's. Austin seems like it never grew out of the 60's.

Anyway, I spotted Jake standing on the corner. He gave me a hug and we walked into Oil Can's. He knew the bouncer so we just walked in without paying the cover. Inside, it was dark, full of people and loud music. One thing about gay bars, they still love disco music. Donna Summer was blasting from the speakers. Jake waved at the bartender and in a few minutes he handed me a vodka tonic. "He knows what I like." Jake said as he sipped his drink. I watched all the action going on around me. Guys with guys. Ten years ago you could have bet me a million dollars that I would ever be in a place like this, much less enjoying guys. 

I watched as guys danced together and a couple in the corner kissing. You could see hands on asses and connections being made all around the club. No telling what was going on in the bathroom. 

As we nursed our drinks, an older guy came up to Jake. Jake introduced him as Ross. Ross extended his hand and I shook it. Ross was an interesting guy. He was very worn yet nice looking. He sipped his beer from a bottle and always seemed to be very interested in what you were saying. He was born in Austin and went to Lanier High School. He once worked for KLRN, the first progressive rock station in the Austin area. I told him about my times in Austin, my band from the 60's and playing at "The Jade Room", the New Orleans club and coming in second in the Battle of the Bands. He actually remember seeing us play at a frat house. I liked him and he seemed to like me.

Jake said "lets get out of here" and we finished our drinks and headed out into the Austin night scene. We walked over to 6th Street to see what was going on. It is great to walk by each of the clubs and hear a different type of music seeping through the doors. Rock, Blues and Country. You can always find something you like. I remember coming to 6th Street during the 60's and going to a theatre that showed soft porn movies. That was all that was there. Abandoned buildings and a porn theatre. Now, fern bars, pool halls, comedy theatres and a lot of $$$ exchanging hands. But it is fun. A lot of college kids having fun. A lot of big tits, drunk girls and hot guys.

Ross said he was hungry so we ended up at the Pecan Street Café. We got sandwiches and a round of Shiner Bock beers. We ate and talked for a while and Jake said, "let's get out of here and go back to the house." So we finished our drinks/food and walked back to 4th street. "I'll meet you at your house." I said to Jake as we parted.

I walked to my car, made my way out of the lot and crossed over Lamar. The drive to Westlake Hills is very visual. Once you get past the strip malls and into the residential areas, it is very beautiful. You get a few glimpses of the Austin skyline and the stars of Texas. Though the growing city as introduced more lights and the stars are not as stunning as the used to be. I pulled into Jakes driveway as he was getting out of his car. I had not clicked the lock on my remote when Ross drove in and parked behind me. I waited for him and we both walked into the house.

"Drinks...Drinks... Drinks". Ross yelled as we closed the front door. I laughed as Ross acted like he was going to faint without a drink in his hand. 

"What will it be?" Jake asked. 

"I'll have a scotch if you have some." I said flopping down on the couch. "I'll have the same." Ross echoed.

Jake brought in three glasses with scotch. We toasted and I sipped the warm hector. Jake put on some early ZZ Top and said, "Let's do the pool before we chicken out."

We took our drinks thru the glass doors and sat them on the patio table. Jake was quick and was naked in a flash. I was working on my shorts while Ross was trying to untie his shoe. I was the next one in the pool and Jake and I watch Ross finally get his shoes off and remove the rest of his clothes. WOW....his cock was limp yet huge. Jake must have seen me looking as he said, "Yep, he got a big one."

Ross walked over, sat his drink on the side of the pool and proceeded to do a crappy dive into the water. A belly flop. Jake and I laughed as he emerged to the surface. "Hurt?", Jake asked.

"Hell yes." Ross replied walking over to us. 

We all grabbed our glasses, clicked them together and said, "Here's to us." The scotch was the right spirit at the right time. I liked the smooth oak taste. 

We sat on the shallow end steps and talked about Austin, how it had changed and I think we solved all the world's problems. Jake got up, took our glasses and returned with refreshed drinks. Ross was very talkative and told how he lived in Leander, moved into town and went to Lanier High and how he worked at "Mother Earth" on Lamar during it's hay day. Austin was still Austin during the 70's. Then it changed into strip malls, highways, houses/houses/houses and older parts of town turned into slums. Much can be attributed to illegal immigration. Even the grocery stories have spy cameras like they do in Vegas. HEB, a local grocery chain, has armed security guards at some stores. Santa Anna did not lose at the Alamo. He just took over Austin in the 1990's.

Ross got out of the pool and headed to the bathroom. He did not have the firm ass like Jake, but his cock was very impressive. Jake came back to the pool and soon we were kissing. He played with my cock as we caressed each other in the pool.

"Am I interrupting anything?" Ross said as he came back to the pool.

"No, we were just trying to get warm." Jake said as we parted. Ross walked down the pool steps and waded over to us.

"Well, I am cold too." He said snuggling in with us.

Jake put his arm around Ross and pulled him in with us. Then I watched as Jake pulled Ross to him and they kissed. It was a long kiss and I felt that stirring again in my groin. Then that broke their kiss and Ross turned to me and without a pause, leaned in and put his lips on mine. Though I was caught unaware, I let his tongue slip into my mouth and I kissed him back. This was so fucking hot. He did taste of scotch and smoke. So I assume those times he disappeared, he was having a cigarette. But the fucker could kiss.

He pulled his mouth away from me and smiled. The three of us grabbed our glasses, pushed them together and downed the remaining scotch. Jake turned and headed out of the pool and we followed. I watched Jakes sweet ass as he went up the pool stairs and then Ross's butt. Not as tan and tight as Jakes, but he had a nice butt. As I reached the top of the stairs I realized how cool it had become and I walked briskly to the house. Once inside Ross threw a towel to me. I wiped my body and then wrapped the damp towel around my waist. 

"How about an Irish?" Jake asked. 

"Sounds good to me." Ross answered.

"Ok!" I said in response.

I was in a wet towel, Ross put on a long t-shirt (though his cock still showed hanging down) and Jake had on a robe. Jake had a tray with three mugs of Irish coffee and some pieces of cut doughnuts. We each took our mug and grabbed a piece of doughnut. I was hungry. We all sat on the floor and Jake put on some music. Crosby, Stills and Nash. I was getting a good buzz from the booze and now the spiked Irish coffee. I was so fucking relaxed.

Ross sat between Jake and I. We all sat on the floor and leaned back against the seat cushions of the couch. I took a drink of my coffee and as my mug left my mouth, Ross leaned over and kissed me again. I opened my mouth as his tongue sought out mine. He was one great kisser. My cock rose with his passion. And just as I was getting into it, he stopped and turned to Jake. Then they began to kiss. Watching them just got me hotter. I watched Jake slid his hand under Ross's t-shirt and play with Ross's cock. I just sat mesmerized. Then they broke apart and Ross was back at my mouth.  As we were on the floor, I felt Jake pulling cushions off the couch and putting them on the floor above our heads. We slid down and Ross and I were lying on the floor kissing. I felt his cock on my thigh. I had to feel that thing. I slid my hand down and grabbed his cock. Damn, it was so fucking big. I wrapped my fingers around it and slowly stroked it. I could not believe how big it was and getting bigger and harder. I need to see it, touch it and suck it. I broke our kiss and sat back on my hunches. I pushed his T-shirt up and there it was in all it's glory. It was huge. A large dark mushroom head, a long hard shaft and black hair surrounding his big balls. I was able to wrap two hands on it and slow pump it. Ross lay back with his eyes closed as I slowly jacked his big cock. I was in a daze looking at it. I was brought back to earth when Jake said, "Can you believe it?"

I looked up at Jake and just shook my head in agreement. Jake opened his robe and moved closer to me. I knew what he wanted. I leaned over and ran my tongue over his hard cock. As I had both hands on Ross' cock, Jake pushed his down so my lips could fold over the head. I pushed my mouth down and ran my tongue around his head and shaft. God, what a dream. Two cocks. Jake slowly moved his cock in and out of my mouth and I continued to stroke Ross's large tool. "Try and suck him." Jake said removing his cock from my mouth. I got to my knees and leaned forward. Ross smelled good as my lips touched his shaft.

I removed one of my hands and pulled his cock to my lips. I opened my mouth wide and captured that massive purple knob. I pushed as much as I could into my mouth but that was only a couple of inches. His cock was very warm and smooth. I pumped him with my hand as I licked and sucked him. I wanted to make him cum, but I knew better. I pulled off his cock and slowly stroked him. I would lean down and take him back in my mouth about every five or six strokes. I felt Ross move behind me and then his tongue slid up the crack of my ass. He pushed my cheeks apart and licked my hole. I leaned down and took Ross in my mouth and pushed my ass up at Jake. He pressed his tongue into me and tongue fucked me. Then I felt his finger enter me, followed by another. I lifting off Ross's cock and pushed back against his fingers. I felt some cool oil trickle down my ass and into my crack. His fingers moved in more easily. He added a third finger and pushed them deep into my ass. 

"I'm getting your ready for me. You need me first before you try that monster. You do want to fuck him, don't you?" Jake said. I never really thought about until Jake brought the vision to my mind. Yes, I did want that big fucking cock in me. Or at least I want to try.

"Yes, I want to fuck him." I said to Jake as I pushed back on his fingers.

Jake removed his fingers and put a condom on his cock. He poured some lube in his hand and stroked his cock. Once slick with oil, he pressed his cock to my hole. My ass resisted his cock. I moved my ass sideways and back, trying to wedge his cock in me. I pushed back slowly and my ass opened to allow some of the head of cock to enter. It burned and hurt. I stopped. Once the burning stopped a little, I pushed back some more. My ass relaxed and the head of his cock slipped inside me. Oh, it hurt, but it hurt good. I 

did not move and finally my ass relaxed again. Jake slid into my ass until his balls lay on my cheeks. He withdrew a little and pushed forward again. Slowly he began to make longer strokes until he was pushing and pulling his entire cock in and out of my ass.

"Yes, fuck me. That feels so good." I said matching his movements. I returned to sucking on Ross's log. I liked the feel and taste of his cock. Just as I was getting really into sucking him, Ross moves and sits up. He moved to me and kissed me. His tongue slid into my mouth and I banged against his lips as Jake fucked me. 

"Are you having fun?" Ross asked.

I just sort of moaned, "yyyeeesss."

Ross reached under me and grabbed my cock. He stroked it and cupped my balls. Oil was running from my ass, down my crack and onto my balls. He rolled my oily balls in his hand.

Jake began pounding my ass faster and harder. I felt my own cum building up. Jake slammed into my ass fully and held me tight against his balls. He pushed hard and he came. That sent me off and I shot my cum on Ross's hand and the floor. I felt so fucking good. Good and fucked. Jake held onto me a little while and then slowly slipped out of my stretched ass. 

Ross moved away and lay on his back. I watched as he rolled a condom, a large condom, on his cock. "Come here." He said to me. I crawled over to his side. "Here." He said handing me the lube. I poured some on my hand and then stroked his big cock. I poured some on his cock and rubbed it up and down. His balls shined with the dripping oil.

"Get on." He said. "It will be easier for you if you do it at your own pace."

I looked at that cock and fear came into my thoughts. He was so fucking big. Jake was big but Ross was really bigger. I straddled his chest and moved back. Jake got behind me and poured oil on my asshole again. He inserted his fingers and stretched my hole more. Then he removed his fingers and grabbed Ross's cock. He lined it up to my hole and I pressed back. When the head of his cock touched my hole, I knew there was no way that fucker was going to fit in my ass. 

"Press back." Ross said.

"It is too big." I said looking him in his eyes.

"You can do it. You want to fuck me. I know you want my cock in your ass." He said raising his hips to press against me.

Jake pushed my ass cheeks apart and said, "I have done him. You can. You will fucking love it." I gritted my teeth and pressed my weight down on his cock. It fucking hurt so damn bad. "I can't." I said.

"Lift up." Jake said. I moved off his cock and Jake oiled his fingers and put them in my ass. I felt his three fingers push fully into my hole. He stretched his fingers apart and shoved his fingers in and out of my hole. I became accustomed to his fingers and my cock began to rise again. He pulled his fingers partial out and added a fourth. That hurt. He slowly pushed them in a little and then back out. Each time, his fingers went further in my ass until he had them fully in my ass. He fucked his fingers in and out of my hole. It was erotic and I felt myself cum. My cum landed on Ross's chest. Jake continued to fuck me and stretch my hole. Finally, a fifth finger joined the rest. More oil was added as he hand fucked me.

"Now." Jake said as he removed his hand. I reached back and found Ross's big cock. I wanted that fucker in my ass. I wanted it bad. I wiggled my hips and pushed Ross's cock between my cheeks. Jake held them open and I pressed my hole to his cock. I did not care about the pain. I pressed down and my hole stretched some. It burned and hurt. I just began breathing quickly in short breaths and pushing down. My hole stretched and the head of his huge cock began to enter me. I stopped and waited until the pain subsided. Then I pressed my weight down again. The head popped in and I thought I was going to pass out. I leaned forward on my hands and just sat there. Jake poured some oil down my crack and rubbed my ass cheeks to soothe me. It helped. Still on my hands, I pressed back and his cock moved into me. I withdrew a little and then pressed back again.

"Yes, fuck my big cock." Ross said looking up at me. "Fuck me."

I pressed back and that huge log went further into my bowels. I had to have it all, or what I could get. I began rocking back and forth on his cock and more of him entered me. He was stretching my ass and driving me wild. Ross picked up some of my cum off his chest with his fingers and brought them to my mouth. I opened my mouth and sucked my cum off his fingers. He did this several times as I fucked his cock. I probably had ¾ of his cock in my ass and I knew that was all I could take. I just began to rock back and forth on his warm hard cock and fuck him. He had his eyes closed as I fucked myself on his cock. My hole was so stretched, he easily moved in and out of my ass. I actually felt more of him go in me. I wanted to see if I could take all of his cock. "Oil!" I said loudly  to Jake. Jake poured more glide over his cock and my ass. The glide slid into me as I pumped up and down on his cock. 

"Just a little more." Jake said. He pushed my cheeks apart and held me as I fucked Ross. Then, as if something totally relaxed, his cock moved totally into my ass and I was resting on his balls. God, I was so fucking full of his cock. I wish he did not have that rubber on. I wanted to feel his warm cock and I wanted him to fill my ass with all of his cum. I moved up and then sat back down on his cock. Just as I got accustomed to his cock in me, Ross moved. 

"Move off." Ross said. 

"What." I asked.

"Get off." He said rising on his elbows. I moved up and I felt a vacuum in my ass as his cock left my hole. I needed his cock back in me.

He pushed me on my back, pushed my legs up and aimed his cock at my ass. He went in with just a slight push. Then he slowly buried that hot cock in my ass. He let my legs down off his shoulders and I wrapped them around his waist. He began to fuck me. Fuck me good. I lay back with my eyes closed and let him pounded my abused ass. I loved it. I loved him fucking me.
