 I was a cock fiend & I knew it. Since my adventures had started with Chris, then Jay I'd craved cock. Not that I wasn't fucking Anne, my wife, in fact our sex life was considerably more enjoyable. But as much as I liked sex with her, there were pleasures only a man could give me & I wanted more.

My forays into the local video store had yielded some erotic thrills, so I decided to try a gay Male hook up website. No "dating", no "LTR", it was about random hook ups plain & simple. I took the plunge & waited.

I almost gave up, I received many flake messages & the rest were no shows. Weeks went by, then I found a local guy, not 2 miles away from where I lived, his profile looked OK, he sounded reasonable & sane & the pics were certainly attractive. His name was Terry, we swapped a few IMs & he suggested we meet. I turned up at the coffee shop we'd agreed on & sat down, my heart thumping.

To my amazement, after so many let downs, right on time he walked in. Based on his photo there was no mistaking his short, spiky blonde hair, muscle hugging T shirt & piercing blue eyes. I was taken aback, I'd not realized how short he was, maybe 5' 4", but he looked slim & muscular. He strode up confidently, giving me time to ogle his crotch & notice the wriggling bulge in his tight jeans. He stuck out his hand, "Greg?" he said, smiling. I nodded & we ordered Americanos & my heart thumped even more.

We actually talked for a lot longer than I'd anticipated. I wanted a quick, horny fucking but Terry wanted to take it a lot slower. He told me that he'd recently divorced, after raising a family of 2 daughters for over 20 years he'd been unable to hide from his wife that he preferred men & he'd come out. He seemed sad about it all. Then it was my turn & I told him about my sexual awakening. 

It seemed odd just to be sat in a coffee shop, ordinary folk not far away, as we talked about our desires. In fact it struck me that I'd never actually talked to ANYONE about it, rather I'd simply gone out & done it, the only talking had been limited to "Mmmm, nice cock...that feels good." & so on.

Suddenly he drew the conversation to a halt & said, "Soooo, do you want to come back to my place?"

Did I? Did I ever!

We drove the short distance to a small rambler & at the door he apologized for the mess. He'd only recently moved in & was remodeling, but it wasn't that bad apart from some piles of wood, kitchen cabinets stood in ranks ready to be installed & some wiring awaiting electrical outlets. We settled onto his leather couch in the living room & he lit a real wood fire.

Fancy a movie to get things started?" he asked & I nodded. He clattered trough a pile of DVDs & fired up the TV & slid a disk in. A quick selection with the remote soon had the boring bits of the movie out of the way & the screen was immediately filled with cocks being stroked, sucked & plunged into ass holes. My own cock stirred in response, catching up some of my pubic hair in a knot & making me uncomfortable. I reached for my groin to sort My Boys out & Terry noticed.

"Allow me." He reached over & unzipped my pants, it felt so erotic, his fingers dipped inside & running themselves up & down my hardening shaft. I reached over & returned the favor, finding his stiff cock with the palm of my hand. Soon we were both groaning with delight, eyes like slits, occasionally opening them wide to check in on the action going on in the movie. A guy was taking it up the ass while sucking off a big cock, while all around jocks stood, stroking huge hard ons.

He fiddled with my belt buckle & spread my jeans open, diving into the waist band of my boxer briefs & finding my throbbing cock head. I nearly leapt off the sofa. "OH! That's good." I groaned. I luxuriated like this for a while, but I was here for cock & before I got too hot under the collar & I likewise found his belt buckle, undid it & peeled down his jeans. 

There, under tight, black briefs, was a rock hard piece of meat. Not huge, 6.5 inches, not thick, kind of your average cock, but even through his briefs I could tell that it was unbelievably hard. I began to feel a strange sensation inside, I had to have that cock. As wonderful as it was to have Terry expertly stroking my own hard on I wanted his & I wanted it now.

I tugged at the waist band of his briefs & that was all it took for him to raise his ass off the sofa, allowing me to wriggle his underwear down, his glass cutter of a cock leaping out & standing incredibly erect. I let out an involuntary gasp of "WOW!"

Terry smiled, clearly flattered, "You like it?" I nodded dumbly, "You want it?" I jabbered something, "Wellll," he purred, "don't let me keep you."

I leant forward, taking one last look at his magnificent member, seeing it twitch slightly, then sank my lips around that shiny head. Terry gasped, resting a hand on my head & settled back. I bobbed, sucked, nibble & licked, my cock worshipping skills much improved by my encounters with Jay, I breathed through my nose to stop me coming up for air & sank all the way down, my spare hand finding his nuts & gently squeezing them.

He came suddenly. One moment there was a small dribble of pre-cum which I'd barely registered on my tongue, then he was gushing in my mouth. I sucked every last drop of him down as his shudders went over the edge & finally subsided. I sat up, wiped my mouth with the back of my hand & savored his taste. His cock gave one last twitch then began to shrink. "Thanks," he said in a dreamy way, eyes half closed.

I was a bit disappointed, I'd hoped not to get him off so soon but took it as a compliment on my cock sucking skills. However I wasn't going to be disappointed for long. After a brief respite Terry got up to use the bathroom & came back in with some cold drinks. He sat down on the couch again & we watched some more of the movie & chatted. Slowly but surely, out of the corner of my eye, I saw his cock rising again.

"Holy shit, Terry. The monster is awake again." He looked down at his growing hard on & laughed. We watched the movie some more & I tipped my drink back to finish it off, suddenly aware that a hand was again on my crotch, rubbing down past my cock, my aching balls & further down between my legs. I discarded my empty can, lifted my hips & scooted my pants down to my ankles. Terry's hand explored further & further, down to where the crack of my ass started, one fingertip brushing agonizingly close to my asshole. I squirmed in pleasure. I was so horny.

Suddenly he stopped & stood up. With a nod & a wink he pointed to a door & said softly "Come on." We both kicked off the pants from our ankles & I followed him into what I'd hoped for, the bedroom. We undressed, Terry taking a moment to rub my ass & comment "Nice."

Terry was one to talk. Fully naked it wasn't only his cock that was hard, he was utterly ripped. Not overly muscular, just really well defined, not an ounce of fat. I felt somewhat inferior! Not that it seemed to bother him, he stepped forward & embraced me, his hands searching out my ass again. Despite our height difference he tried to kiss me & I flinched which seemed to disappoint him.

"Sorry," I explained, "I should've said. It's the one thing I don't like doing with another guy." He looked at me searchingly, so I added, "Nothing personal. It's the same with any guy. I can't explain." He seemed to accept this, shrugging & muttering OK. We lay down on the bed & I began to run my hands all over his tight body, sucking his nipples & nibbling his ear lobes.

"JESUS! STOP!" he sad, pushing me off. I was worried I'd bit him. "You do all this but no kissing?" he was amused & gave a slight laugh.

"You don't like it?" I asked, always sure to communicate.

"Oh hell no," he giggled, laying back, "Have at it. I just ...oh never mind." He reached out to me & once more my lips found his earlobes while my free hand stroked his now fully rigid cock. Man, what a rod of steel. He giggled & wriggled again & I realized that Terry was ticklish.

But soon his hands started their own journey across my tingling skin. At first on my head, guiding my lips to where they could deliver the most pleasure, then my shoulders, my back & once more down to my ass. I shivered at every touch. "You want me?" he whispered in my ear, "Do you want me in your ass?" I trembled with anticipation & excitement, "You want me to fuck your ass?"

"Yes," I whispered back, as his ear passed close to my lips, his breath on my neck as he nibbled away, "fuck me. Fuck my ass, I want you, I want you inside me." I whispered in a trembling voice. Then reality set in.

The difference in height was a problem. Previously I'd simply bent over, either leaning against a wall, or a table, but preferably on all fours, doggy style. That wasn't going to work, so he had me lay fat, face down on the bed, with a pillow under my hips. Two hands on my ankles spread my legs & when I looked around Terry was rolling on a condom, a bottle of lube by his knee.

"Some ass!" he commented, an appreciative smile on his face. 

"Thanks," I said, "I've been working out a lot more recently."

"Let's see if it feels as good as it looks." I heard the cap of the lube bottle snap open, "OK, spread those cheeks!"

I reached behind & pulled my butt open, feeling the shock of cold lube being drizzled onto my hole, shortly followed by the electric tingle of a slimy finger rubbing around my sphincter & popping inside. I let out an involuntary gasp as the first wave of pleasure ran through me & my cock began to throb as it grew harder & harder.

This reverie didn't last long, soon the bed wobbled & Terry was on top of me, his breath on the back of my neck causing the hairs there to stand up & goose bumps run over my skin. I felt the first bump of his cock against me, man it felt like iron, then it slid around, searching out my hole. I was so horny for his rock hard meat & I wasn't disappointed by how it felt when he found my open ass & began to slide right in, slowly, agonizingly slowly. 

Perhaps he was being gentle with me but I couldn't stand it & after what seemed like forever he still wasn't all the way in. Suddenly I found myself saying, "Terry, fuck me, fuck my ass, slide it in!"

There was a moment's hesitation & a "Uh?" before he replied with a whispered "Well alright then." & with that sank his hard shaft into me, spinning my mind into a frenzy until the heat of his crotch resting against my butt cheeks & the bump of a warm, rubbery sack told me that he was balls deep.

"Mmmm, fuck yeah," he sighed, "My cock is loving your ass."

In a dream I pulled my arms up & grabbed onto the sheets, "And my ass is loving your cock." I could feel the pulse of his throbbing member deep inside me, he felt thicker than before, it felt even harder & it felt good. Then he started to move his slim hips. Not much at first, I was so horny I wanted more but with each thrust he eased into me a little further until he rested on top of me & a warm, rubbery bump against my ass cheeks told me he was balls deep.

Slowly he began to build a rhythm, I groaned & writhed in ecstasy as his rock hard cock rode my asshole. Occasionally he would gasp, grunt, pant & muter' Oh yeah...mmm. Yeah, fuck yeah!" M reply to which was to urge him on with "Yeah, fuck me, fuck me harder!"

I looked over to the mirrored doors on the bedroom closet & saw his lean frame working away at driving his hard meat into me in a flowing, erotically natural motion. Raising himself off the bed the muscles of his triceps & chest stood out, the cheeks of his ass clenching with each downward motion, the little beads of sweat sometimes glinting as they began to collect on his forehead.

Raised up as he was he became more energetic, banging me harder & harder, eyes closed, mouth slightly open. I knew he would come soon & slightly raised my hips so I could reach my own cock & started to stroke it, as I wanked away at my shaft the little pleasure spot under the tip of my cock brushed against the crisp cotton sheets adding a delicious new twist.

Terry let out a sudden "Ohhh!" & I felt a tremor run through his body, then came another & suddenly he was arched way up, grunting, gasping & straining, letting out a ragged "Uunnnh! F-f-f-fuck!" It was all I needed & suddenly I spat my own, satisfying load, feeling the warm stickyness spread up my belly, my ears humming & stars dancing before my eyes.

We lay there for a while, both pating. "Wow!" I finally managed to croak, shocked that the voice that came out sounded nothing like me. "Wow!"

"PHEW!" Terry yelped & slapped my ass, sending thrills through my body once more, mere faint echoes of my orgasm, "Yeah, wow, that was fun. That really is some quality ass you've got there."

I sank back onto the bed & managed to groan "Thanks." Then just lay there panting.

Through half open eyes I saw Terry pull off the condom, a thick dollop of milky white cum drooping from the end & he headed off to the bathroom. I heard the shower get turned on. When he came back he had a towel & was rubbing himself down. "You OK?" he asked.

"Nyurgh." Was all I could reply.

I took a towel from him & wiped down the cum on my belly, then looked up at him from the bed, propping myself up on one arm & reached out to stroke his limp cock. "I'd love it if you fucked me again, you were awesome." A smile played across his face as I curled my fingers around his cock once more & gently stroked it up & down. "I'm sorry about the bed." I said, looking over at the dark, damp patch.

Terry just shrugged, "It's nothing, next time we'll put a towel down first." he said as I continued to stroke away.

Suddenly I felt his cock grow in my hand again. I looked down at his stiffening member, as it grew & firmed. "Well," I Said, laughing, "I hope you've got a lot of towels because I think we're going to need them."

And yes, we needed them.