 I was at a gas station taking a leak when a guy in fatigues walked in and started pissing beside me. I looked over trying to catch a peak as usual, plus a man in uniform always gets me horny. I asked him if he was based in North Carolina, and he said that he just recently got back from a recent tour. I thanked him for everything he does, and he smiled and thanked me for appreciating what he does. We were drying our hands, and I got a wild hair and told him I would love to show him how thankful I am if he had some time. He said he didn't have anywhere to be right now, was I wanting to buy him a beer or something. I laughed and told him I was thinking of something better. He looked confused and asked what I had in mind. I told him I wanted to suck him off real good to show him how much he is appreciated. He said he wasn't that way, and he never did any of that. I told him that I didn't want him to do anything, just stand and let me suck his big cock. I promised him it wasn't a trick, but for the sacrifices he has made in his life for me the least I could do is suck his cock. He stood there for a second, and said he had never thought about it like that, and said he would let me but he still wasn't doing anything.

He followed me into the handicap stall and locked the door behind him. I was so excited I had never sucked a service man before, and I was getting to thank this nice guy for everything he does for us. I sat down on the toilet and he stood in front of me. I looked up at him and said thank you for everything, you deserve this and much more. I unzipped his pants and reached in to find my prize, I got my hand into the hole in his undies, and fished out his cock and balls. His balls were hefty and hairy, which I love, and his cock was soft which made me happy too since that meant it should last a bit. I took his flaccid cock into my mouth and I could taste and smell the sweat and it was awesome, I love man musk! I grabbed his balls while I was licking and sucking his cock to life, and that didn't take too long and he was fully erect at about 6 inches. I really like a good average size cock, it is a lot of fun to suck and easy to deep throat. I stroked his cock while I sucked and lick his big grapefruit balls. He was starting to moan so I knew I was making him happy, and that made me really happy. I am soaking his balls in spit from licking and sucking each of them when he finally says something. He tells me that he is really enjoying my thank you but he is just passing through here, and did need to get back on the road soon. I was saddened by this news, but I also understood and knew that I needed to speed it up. So I take his cock all the way down my throat and suck down hard on his cock, and he lets out a long moan. 

I switch my cock sucking skills into over drive, and fondle his balls while I give his cock my fast A game. Within a few minutes I felt his balls tighten, and he says fuck I am about to cum. As he was saying he was about to cum he started cumming, not much heads up, but I already knew. Either he had not gotten off in a long while, or he was just a big shooter because he unloaded a lot of cum down my throat and filling my mouth. I enjoyed my hot reward, and sucked his cock dry. 

He said damn that was awesome, this is the best thank you I have ever had. I told him that he had stored that load up, he laughed and said that was one of his biggest loads he had ever shot. I told him I felt honored to be the one that got it. I gave him my number and told him if he was ever in Winston again and needed another thank you I would clean his gun any chance I get because I am forever in his debt. He took it and thanked me again, and said he would give me a call. I have finally been able to thank a service man for all of his hard work the way I want to.