 The weekend started the next morning, and after jacking off three times the night before high while flushed on the aroma of that little yellow bottle that Ray had given me, I finally awoke. I called Ray at the number he had given me. A recorder came on when I called, and without leaving a message, I just hung up. It was around 9:30 in the morning and I had the entire day off with nothing to do. 

No school on Saturday, I had a day off at work, my parents had gone to garage sales as usual on the weekend and my girlfriend had told me the night before that she had to work all day, so my day was totally open. 

I had beat my cock to orgasm three times the night before with my bedroom door locked, and while inhaling the heady aroma of the little yellow bottle, my orgasms and semen production seemed to triple in intensity. All three times that I jacked off, I had stared at my new inter-racial gay pornography, while turning from page to page desperately looking from memory to find a black cock that most resembled Ray's cock.

I also had just started to eat my own cum, for the first time in my life , something I had never done before. My first load was fantastically large, maybe my biggest ever in my life. Drooling over the black cocks in my new porno books, it sprayed on my chest and stomach, which I tentatively scooped up and licked into my mouth. My own cum was kinda tasty, not as good as Ray's cum, but I knew I would never waste my load again in a tissue.

My second load, I had sprayed onto a saucer from the kitchen pantry was not as large as the first load, but this time it was still warm as I quickly lapped it up off the plate. Deciding I liked it hot and fresh, my third puddle of cum was also sprayed onto the plate. This time I devoured it with no hesitation, into my mouth immediately it went and I savored the warm slippery substance on my tongue, rolling it around before swallowing. The aroma from the bottle seemed to release my inhibitions to do things that I wouldn't normally do.

Never tasting a man's seed before in my life, I had now ingested four heavy loads in the last 24 hours and was developing a taste for this liquid slime. Maybe the liquid in the bottle I inhaled made me looser, more adventurous. Something about the semen, having the ability to create life, or the bottle's magic made it seem too precious to waste. Not only had I found a taste for it, I had actual developed a craving for it. 

Desperately, I tried Ray's number at least 5 more times in the next hour or two. Around noon with still no answer, and with just a recording to leave a message, which I dared not leave my parent's phone number on, I finally gave up for now. 

I made a sandwich for lunch and after eating it, I tried him again. It was after noon by then and still no answer, just his recorder, so I thought about going to the arcade again. I still had a few dollars left from my porno buying binge and was hoping to find a black cock for a possible repeat of yesterdays fun. 

After pocketing that little yellow bottle, I had grabbed my keys and while headed for the door, my parents phone rang. With a semi hard on in my pants, I annoyingly answered it and planned to make it a quick conversation and get on my way.

"This is Raymond, did someone call me from this number?" I heard his voice. It was Ray, he had gotten my number off his caller ID. I just froze and remained silent, not knowing whether to answer and give away a big piece of my privacy forever, or to talk to the man I most desperately wanted to meet again.

"Hello, I can hear your breathing. This is Ray and whoever you are, you called my phone number 7 times this morning," he stated both curiously and demandingly.

My hard on got the best of me as I finally took the plunge and my voice squeaked out a response.

"Hey Ray, this is Timothy, the guy you gave your phone number to yesterday. Do you remember me? I mumbled, already regretting that I used my real name.

"Oh yea, sure I remember you. Your last name must be Wilson, like it says on my caller ID and I guess you're pretty hungry for some more of my big black cock huh?" he taunted me.

I didn't even answer his questions. I didn't want to confirm my identity and it would be too degrading to answer affirmatively to my needs and submit to his knowing my true inner feelings. The phone was silent for a moment while I just listened and waited for him to speak.

"Well, I guess its kind of hard for you to admit what you want on the phone, but I know what you need, so I'll give you a break this one time. I live at the Chariot Apartments on Broadway. My apartment number is 316 and I'm on the third floor. I'm going to take a shower and I expect you to be here in thirty minutes. I work in conjunction with the police department and if you don't show up, I'll get a cross directory and find out where you live. Would you like me to show up at your house?" he threatened me.

"No, please don't come here. I'll come to you. I'll be there in thirty minutes, I promise," I mumbled back to him.

"Yea, good idea fag boy, I had a feeling you would agree with me. You better not keep me and my fat hard cock waiting if you know what's good for you. Oh yea, bring that little yellow bottle I gave you," he laughed at me and hung up.

I had mixed feelings, wanting to somehow erase this page in my life. I was scared that he already had so much private information on me, but scared also that things couldn't stop here, because the raging hard on in my pants was telling me to go to him now for some more black cock. I found myself knocking on his door about twenty minutes later.

Ray opened the door and leaned just his head outside to look at me. I recognized him immediately as he just kind of stared at me not even smiling. 

As he ushered me in and locked the door behind me, I saw he was completely naked. He upper chest, stomach, thighs and arms were hard chiseled muscle. A smooth copper tone covered his perfectly sculpted body. His cock hung between his legs like a thick 6 inch soft piece of rope as he finally smiled at me and motioned to the bedroom.

"So, I'm guessing you want some more of my black cock real bad from all those hang ups you left on my phone," he finally spoke as he walked closely behind me guiding me into his bedroom.

The first thing I noticed other than his complete nudity, was how clean his apartment was, while the second thing I noticed was a tripod and camera set up and pointed towards the bed. I also saw he had a bottle of lotion, some more of those little yellow bottles, a box of some kind of surgical masks and a couple of remote controls on his night stand as he closed his bedroom door behind me. At this moment, I couldn't believe I had allowed myself to get into a compromising situation like this.

This guy was well over 6 foot tall, in great shape and very muscular. Compared to my tiny 5 foot 8 inch, 157 pound frame, I was totally at his mercy. I suddenly realized that he could do anything he wanted to me, including kicking my butt unmercifully, if he wanted to. Hopefully, we would have a meeting that resembled yesterdays, so I wanted to take the initiative immediately and show him I was no threat. 

"Did you bring those poppers bitch?" he asked.

I just looked at him and said, "Huh?"

"The little yellow bottle. Did you bring it?" he asked again impatiently.

I fished it out of my pocket and tried to hand it to him.

"No, those are for you, I have my own," he said as he picked up a bottle of the night stand.

As he stood by the edge of the bed, I found myself dropping to my knees directly in front of Ray, and I made my move for his rapidly hardening fat black cock. Thank God he didn't hit me, he just let me begin to nurse on his swelling cock. His cock wasn't in my mouth for 10 seconds when he pulled me off by my hair.

"Do some poppers," he said as he put his own bottle under his nose and inhaled deeply.

I reluctantly pulled away from his growing cock and inhaled on the bottle deeply into my nose. Within seconds, I felt that warm uninhibited flushed feeling overtake my body, as I immediately lowered my face into his lap again.

He looked so much more sexier totally naked from the skewed light of the window shades, than he did the other day in the dark confines of my small arcade booth. The full glory of his sculpted body sitting there was awesome, so strong and so masculine. Dark skin so perfectly toned, so perfectly smooth and a body so exquisitely carved from years of exercising made me hungry for his powerful physique.

"Yea, that's a good little faggot white boy, take care of this big black cock. That's what you're here for. That's what you were put on this world for and that's all you are good for. You're job as a skinny little white kid is to fill your body with all the hot seed you can drain from a black man's big cock," he taunted me as I felt him begin to swell in my eager mouth.

As I sucked on his expanding cock, he reached over to his night stand, grabbed a remote control and pressed some buttons. I heard something electronic click "on", but out of the corner of my eye I never saw the television come on. If he wanted to watch some porno to help him get excited, I didn't care, as long as he let me suck him off again. 

Every couple of minutes, he would instruct me to inhale on the "poppers" again. After a couple of times, I was reeling and felt faint. My body was so hot and horny from the sweet aroma of the poppers that it was easier to cope with his demands and his fat cock.

His cock was long and straight now, not fully hard yet, but hard enough to impress me. As I held it straight up in his lap from the suction of my lips, occasionally it would slip out of my mouth and fall restfully against his stomach or thigh until I would immediately recapture it with my lips. Not completely hard yet, Ray grabbed a handful of my hair and pulled my hungry lips away from his cock.

"Look at that big black pole white boy. You are so lucky I'm going to let you put those pretty white lips on this prized pedigreed chocolate stud cock for as long as you need. Consider it an honor and a privilege when a black man lets you suck his superior cock. I'm of the opinion that all little sissy white boys were put on this earth to please our godly black cocks and swallow our hot seed. You are not the first white boy I have trained and you won't be the last," he tormented me.

With that comment, I felt jealous that he would even consider letting someone else suck his beautiful cock. I would have proclaimed it mine if he would have let me. I would have pledged to service it any time from here to eternity if he would have it. I wanted it for myself, never to share it with another white boy or anyone else for that matter. I wanted to be the only that ever got to swallow his seed, so I thought that maybe if I tried hard to be the very best he ever had, and did everything he asked, he would save his beautiful black cock only for me. 

Holding me off his cock by a handful of my hair, I got my first really good look at it. It was as thick as it could possibly be before it could rise up and stand unassisted. Long and full, it hung pointing directly towards me over his massive balls, just twitching and throbbing with a life all its own. One thick vein that started at the very base of his stomach, and finally disappeared in his circumcision scar just a couple of inches from the tip, was obviously the main artery pumping blood to his massively engorged head.

The head was absolutely perfect, like a large light red swollen plum that had been cut in half and placed at the end of his shaft. Absolutely, proportionately round and so smooth, it swelled and throbbed while I stared at it. Fatter than the shaft itself, it looked like a battering ram with it's blunt hard tip. As his shaft began to now stand up on it's own, the skin on the head became stretched and tight, as it filled with blood and swollen to its full capacity.

As I tried to lean forward and take his cock in his mouth, he again held me off of it by tugging my hair back. As I licked my lips and stared into his soft brown eyes, his cock had now risen off his balls and was beginning to stand on it's own. 

"Do some more poppers," he demanded.

As I stared at his cock and inhaled on the bottle, my head reeled and my heart pounded. I swear I think I saw stars.

His cock which was now completely standing up by itself, was throbbing and pulsing just inches from my lips. Numerous smaller bluish veins branched off from the main artery on the top of his shaft and disappeared below the skin somewhere. The skin on the shaft was now so tight and stretched that it resembled a translucent covering, similar to the tip.

"If you want to suck that cock some more, and I know you do, then I need you to prove it to me. Take off those clothes and get naked for me," he smiled at me.

He then released my hair and I scrambled to get undressed as he instructed me. Standing and removing my clothes, I almost fell over from the heady sensations the poppers had given me, while he just sat there on the edge of the bed and watched as I undressed in front of him. 

When I tugged my underwear off, my hard 5 inch cock just sprang out and bounced in front of him. Before I could kneel back down to my knees, he reached out and grabbed my tiny balls in hands and squeezed them roughly.

"Now, look at your cock and then look at mine. Mine is damn near twice as big as yours. That is why I said a little white boy's job in life is to hunt out and find any black man that will allow him to suck on his superior cock. You can't satisfy a woman with that, or a man. You understand your role in life now," he mocked me.

"Yes Ray, my mission in life is to suck and swallow the cum out of big black cocks, just like yours," I replied and nodded.

"Good boy, now prove it," he demanded.

He took the his little yellow bottle and shoved it under one of my nostrils. He took my hand that was filled with the other bottle and put it under my other nostril. 

"Inhale deep bitch, you got work to do," he growled at me again.

I inhaled as deep as I could and immediately that horny flushed feeling swept over me. With that, Ray stood and turned his back to me. He then crawled up on the edge of the bed with his feet hanging off the mattress. With his muscular legs spread wide and his tight ass facing me at face level, he bent at the waist resting his head on the bed.

"Eat my ass out white boy. Make a meal out of my ass hole. Eat it like you're a starving man and this is your first meal in days and then you can have the pleasure of my big black cock. Do a bad job and no cock for you," he barked at me.

With both nostrils full of the popper's aroma, my head was positively reeling now as I steadied myself with my hands on the edge of the bed. As he knelt on the bed with his ass facing me, I could see his long fat hard cock sway underneath him. I just stared at his muscular tight ass right in my face and those low hanging balls, not knowing what to do. I was really ashamed of myself as I leaned forward and tentatively kissed the side of his right ass cheek. 

He smelled of soap and cologne as I worked my lips around the globe of his ass. Boldly opening my lips wider, I sucked the flesh of his ass cheek into my mouth. It wasn't nearly as bad as I had thought, in fact when Ray groaned a little from my sucking, I was encouraged to do more. His flesh was smooth with some well defined muscles under it. I put both hands on his cheeks and opening his ass up wide, I slid my lips towards his asshole.

Very gently, when my lips made contact with his tight pink puckered asshole, Ray groaned aloud and bucked his ass backwards.

"Yea baby, now you got some. Come on bitch, suck on my ass, suck it good and deep, get that tongue action going up in there," he groaned.

My head was buzzing so loud that I wasn't myself. In for a penny in for a pound, it didn't matter anymore. I spread those muscular cheeks and pushed my tongue as deep in his ass as I could. I poked and probed the hard tip of my tongue in and out his puckered sphincter while I mashed my face as deep as I could into his crack. 

Ray just hollered, "Eat that manly black ass hole white boy, suck it good."

I had now thrown all reluctance to the wind, enjoying making this black stud happy, I slurped and sucked his flesh and asshole into my hungry mouth. I mashed my face in as deep as I could. I gnawed and nibbled on little pieces of his sphincter ring between my teeth as I reached around and grabbed that steel hard dripping cock that swung between his legs. I stabbed my tongue in and out of his tight asshole over and over while Ray shook from my onslaught of his ass. I was a man possessed, as his pleasure in my manipulations, urged me to get nastier and nastier. 

"You may be my best white bitch I ever found. Keep eating that ass out faggot," Ray moaned.

After 10 or 15 minutes of this, Ray finally stood and faced me. While I was still on my knees in front of him he grabbed my ears and shoved my wet face onto his swollen cock. I was in heaven now, that hard smooth black cock was now jabbing in and out of my mouth. Ray didn't give me anytime to adjust at all to his cock. He just poked deep into my mouth hitting the beginning of my throat. He held onto my ears like they were handles and just fucked into my throat making me gag and cough on his cock. Over and over for the next several minutes he savagely tried to fuck his big black dick into my tight throat. It just wasn't going in, the more I tried the more I gagged. 

Holding the poppers under my nose again, as he fucked my face, I began to relax some. My throat finally opened enough to let the tip of his cock in. All the sudden, that thick black cock was deep in my throat as he pounded into my mouth. I gagged, I coughed, I slobbered all down my chin, but I gave him my throat like he wanted. I felt like he was going to tear my throat open or pull my ears off, when he finally stopped and withdrew that fat wet monster.

"Don't worry bitch, I'll let you suck this black dick later. Get up in that bed just like I was, right now," he ordered me.

I knew what he wanted and I wanted it too. I jumped right up in bed and with my ass open and high in the air, I hung my feet off the edge of the mattress. I waited there patiently to while Ray fumbled around behind me.

He finally tossed one of the surgical masks to me and said, "Put this on bitch, you're going to need it."

As I put the mask on over my nose and mouth, I immediately noticed the wet spot on it. He had apparently poured some of the popper bottle's contents onto it, and as soon as I had it in place, I was reeling again from the aroma. As I waited for Ray to start on my ass, I kind of drifted in and out of consciousness from the poppers overwhelming affects. I tried to breathe slow, but it didn't help, I just got higher and higher.

I tried to remain balanced on my knees, ass in the air, with my chest pressed into the bed. I was so high from the poppers that my knees would occasionally sink lower towards the bed and I would have to sit up again. Finally I felt Ray grab my hips and pull them to the height level he wanted. 

The blunt head of his cock touched my asshole as I was still cognizant enough to feel some lubricant being smeared around. I felt the swollen tip glide gently into my ass like it was the most natural thing in the world. Ray held my hips very tightly with his hands as I felt him pull my exposed ass hole onto his fat stiff cock. The poppers had me so relaxed that he just slid into my ass without any pain at all. I felt only warmth and fullness until his stomach pressed into my ass cheeks.

"That a way, good boy, open that ass up for this black man's cock," Ray moaned.

I never felt so relaxed and so horny in my entire life. I didn't know it then, but I know now, that Ray's cock was sliding back and forth over my prostate. The feeling was incredible, my ass was so horny and twitching for all the cock he wanted to plow in me. Back and forth, he sawed in and out of my ass, sometimes spanking my ass cheeks hard or gripping my waist firmly while he took me.
