 I had just turned 18 years old and wanted to explore my new found adult-hood. I was finally old enough to drink and get into some places that I had been too young to visit before. I had my own car, went to a city college, still lived at home and had a small part time job. I had a steady girlfriend, great parents and life was good. 

One of the biggest perks of being 18, I thought, was finally being able to buy some pornography. My girlfriend and I had not gone all the way yet, so I masturbated a lot. The old worn out Playboy magazines that I had stolen from my father's collection, or accumulated over my teen years, were boring to me death. So one of my first priorities was to buy some good porno.

At 5 foot 8 inches tall, hating my small stature, I was still bigger than my father and grandfather. Being a slim 157 pounds and so fair of complexion, all previous attempts to buy pornography had resulted in me being carded and denied. So the first chance I got to make a legal purchase, found me in the parking lot of a bookstore a few miles from my house.

I had never been there before, but the red neon signs outside the building promised all the porno I could handle. I had just gotten paid and had about $120 in my pocket when I entered the store. 

I had only been inside for 30 seconds when the cashier called me over to his stand and demanded to see my identification. Pulling out my wallet, I showed my card proudly. He stared at my driver's license and face, back and forth, scrutinizing me and my paperwork. Somewhat satisfied, he finally handed me back my license and frowned at me.

"This better not be a phony, I don't need any trouble. You look a lot younger than 18 to me," he said.

Nervously, and in great detail, I babbled to him that I had just had a birthday and that it was not a fake. After that we just stared at each other for what seemed like minutes, frozen in my tracks, I awaited his next request.

Seemingly annoyed with me, he finally said, "Well, what are you waiting for, go ahead. The magazine prices are on the cover, all the video rentals are $5 each and the arcade is $8 per visit."

I scurried away to the magazines while, I felt his eyes follow my every step. It seemed like he watched me very closely until a well dressed older black man came into the bookstore and handed him some cash. As I watched the transaction finalize, I saw the clerk reach into the counter display and hand him a small yellow bottle. The man stuffed it in his pocket and walked to a door in the back. When he reached the door, a buzzer sounded, he opened it and entered.

I walked over to the door area and saw a wall of movies on display with numbers above each of them. Apparently they had private viewing rooms of these movies and I decided then that I wanted to watch some movies and would make my purchase later. I went back to the cashier, gave him my money, and strolled back to that door like I knew what I was doing.

The buzzer sounded and I entered a pitch black room with one dim red bare light bulb in the ceiling. I stopped moving when the door closed and tried to let my eyes adjust to the darkness. Gradually, I became aware of my surroundings and touching the wall for guidance made my way down a dark corridor. 

As I walked down this dark hall, using one hand to navigate against the wall, I suddenly touched a human body. Accidently running my hand across a man's chest before realizing what I had done, I stopped in my tracks.

Yanking my hand back, I quickly mumbled an, "Excuse me."

"First time here. You might try this one, it's really hot," he said as he opened a door to a small room.

As some light finally appeared from inside the booth, I saw it was the older black man from out front. He looked around 30 or 35 years old and was smiling at me. Embarrassed, I quickly entered this small cubicle and shut the door behind me. Finding a latch and locking the door I relaxed, finally getting my bearings as to where I was and being able to see again.

The movie on the little screen, had two men engaged in oral sex. One guy was kneeling in front of another well hung guy, giving him a blow job. I had never even thought about sex with another man for myself, but this was turning me on. The guy getting the head, had a big fat dick and was really getting it sucked good. I started getting aroused, as I suddenly found the idea of a guy sucking another guy's cock hot. My own cock was hard in my pants as I rubbed it and squeezed it.

There was a knock at my door that startled me, so I composed myself and cracked it open to peek outside. When I had the door barely open, the black man pushed his way in, which forced me to move to the back of the small cubicle. The little booth was only about 6 feet long and about 3 feet wide, so we were standing pretty close to each other as he locked the door and just looked at me.

"I'm sorry man, I think I left my keys in here. Mind if I check," he said to me.

He was about 6 foot 4 inches tall, well muscled and very fit. Lean and defined, he just stood there grinning at me, never even looking for his lost keys. I knelt down in front of him to get a better look at the floor, to help find them, as he stood motionless. As I was kneeling in front of him, he did the boldest thing I have ever seen. He unbuckled his belt, unzipped his slacks and just let his pants fall to the floor.

Standing in his boxer underwear, directly in front of me, he gripped his cock and squeezed it hard. Against the fabric of his underwear I could see a perfect outline of this enormous piece of meat straining to get free. I could tell he was really hung and circumcised as I just stared at his cock. Not saying a single word, he lowered the front of his boxers and stretched them under his nuts and cock, while the band of his underwear held snug around his waist.

I could now see his totally exposed cock and balls very clearly in the light the movie reflected. He was a solid 7 or 8 inches and still growing. The shaft was thick and shiny brown, growing stiffer and longer as I watched. The head was very fat and looked like a round knob with a pee slit. His pubic hair was real kinky and curly on his groin, and his balls looked enormous and full.

He took one step toward me and simply said, "Suck it boy. Come get you some of this Alabama black snake."

I put both hands on his hips steadying myself and leaned forward, my mouth within inches of this monster. His cock was now standing straight out, fully hard and engorged, in anticipation of what was to come. Completely erect in front of me, a true 9 inch black cock, my lips parted and I enveloped the head of his cock. 

"Good boy. You take directions well," he said as I mouthed his cock.

I closed my eyes and really got into it now. Slowly I slid my mouth down this hard piece of steel. Even as hard as it was, it felt like velvet or satin. A perfect cock, straight, hard, thick, no blemishes, a real masterpiece. I was envious. His cock just stood there demanding to be pleased. There was no way I could deny his needs.

As I slurped up and down on 4 or 5 inches, he just held my head and rocked back and forth. Slowly, he pushed a little into my mouth on each stroke. I heard him inhale deep and looked up at him, as he held that little yellow bottle to his nose. He just closed his eyes and groaned every time he inhaled on that little bottle. 

I had managed to take about 6 inches into my mouth now and was starting to gag when I tried to go too deep. He would not relinquish his grip on my head and held me in place as his blunt hard knob poked at the beginning of my throat. I wanted to swallow all nine inches but knew that I couldn't, still wishing I could relax enough to complete this task. I struggled to swallow it all and he just laughed.

"The mind is willing, but the body isn't, huh. You want all this black cock down your throat so bad, but you can't handle it. I got what you need boy. Just inhale on this hard," he told me.

With his cock still in my mouth, he placed his index finger over one nostril, and held the little yellow bottle under my other nostril. It smelled terrible, like strong ammonia or bleach. In my head, I figured if they sold it here, and he had just done it, it must be okay. I inhaled a little bit and then stopped for a second.

"No boy! Hit it hard! Inhale as much as you can," he whispered to me.

Again, I inhaled, only really deep this time, and in seconds my face felt flush, my head was spinning, I could see stars. I felt faint for a second. It seemed like everything was in slow motion. I felt dizzy and out of control, but at the same time was relaxed and more open.

With this feeling strongly intact, I pushed my throat down harder and his cock punched into my throat. I gagged strongly on it and choked loudly. Not all the way to the root, but the last couple of inches was at least maybe possible now. I knew with this little yellow bottle's help, that maybe I could do this. Maybe I could swallow the whole thing.

"See, I told you boy. That's just what you needed. A couple of more hits and you'll be swallowing this tube steak just like you want to," he hissed at me.

He switched fingers from one nostrils to the other and moved the bottle to my open side. I inhaled as deep as I could and went flush again. As the dizziness swept over me, I plunged down to the root of his cock. 

My gagging was easier to control and I started a rhythm of in and out. I closed my eyes and held onto his hips for support so I wouldn't fall over from the diziness. Shoving my mouth up and down his shaft and burying my lips in his pubic hair.

Inhaling more and more of the yellow bottle that he now just held under my nose, I felt faint, I felt so dizzy and heady. I opened my throat and let him just jam his cock as deep as he wanted. He went all the way, relentlessly stabbing into my throat deep, pounding my mouth like a pussy. 

"Take deep inhales now. Hit it hard. Hold the aroma," he told me.

Just when I felt faint, he quickly capped off the bottle and put it in his shirt pocket. With one hand on my throat and the other on the back of my head, he pumped to the root and groaned.

"I'm holding onto that Adam's apple. I want to feel it bob up and down. I want to feel you swallow that load. Don't cheat on me boy. Don't cheat yourself. Finish it right. Swallow this seed," he growled at me.

Dazed and confused, I felt him start to spray in my throat. True to his word, he held my throat and felt the contractions as I swallowed squirt after squirt. Banging my lips hard and deep to his pelvis, he unleashed 10 or 12 spurts and held me in place til he was finished. As his cock softened, he pulled out and still semi hard, milked a drop to the tip. I just knelt there and watched.

"It's just like Sanka boy, good til the last drop. Lick it off. Don't waste a drop," he softly demanded.

As I licked off that last little dollop that hung on the end of his cock, he took a pen and paper and wrote out something. Quickly pulling up his slacks and tucking in his shirt, he handed me his name and phone number. I rose to my feet and before he unlatched the door and left, he turned back and handed me the little yellow bottle.

"Call me when you need some more, and bring that bottle," he said as he disappeared into the darkness of the hallway.

Before I left the bookstore, I spent my whole paycheck on inter-racial gay pornography. I wanted some more black cock. With my bedroom door locked, I jacked off three times that night high on poppers. Reading the slip of paper over and over, I knew I would call Ray soon.

To be continued...