 It all started fairly innocently. A casual walk in to check out the soft core skin mags. Then, wandering to the back row where the hard core mags were and taking a look. Then, what really peaked my interest was the hardcore gay stuff. Something about seeing a big masculine guy in leather getting a big fat cock fed to him made my cock stir. He looked like he was loving it, and I imagined I was him. Next was the walk to the back of the store with the video booths. I strolled in and saw slid in a 20 dollar bill, shut the door, locked it and flipped through my choices. "Leather Studs" was my choice, and there was no plot. A hairless stud with a big cock was lying on a table while a big hairy man in leather chaps sucked on his long cock and fingered his ass. My cock was so rock hard watching this. When the "bear" stopped, he placed the hairless mans calves on his shoulders and placed the purple head of his cock at the rim of his ass. The penetration was brutal, hard, and the pain on the bottoms face was obvious. 

"You like it boy?" the big man stated as he drove his fat cock in and squeezed his subjects right nipple. He didn't answer and just groaned. 

"Come on bitch, you like it?" he said, and if he didn't, I sure did. My cock was out of my pants and I was stroking hard and fast. "You want it cocksucker?" my leather stud said, as he picked up the pace. 

Th young man finally said "Fuck me daddy, fuck me harder!". 

My cock exploded. I couldn't believe how turned on I was, and I was only 15 minutes into the movie. I left and made plans to come back.

I knew what I wanted to do now. I was a bottom. All I could think about was giving head and getting fucked by a big stud. I went back to the store, didn't waste any time, and went right back to the same booth. I put in a ten dollar bill and went to another video called "Bar Gang Bang". A young man, with his car broke down wanders into a bar. Majority of the guys in the bar were black, clad in leather and very well hung. The next thing you know, the young somewhat professional looking man was on his knees, the subject of multiple black cocks down his throat and up his ass. What a sight! 

I heard a knock on my booth door. I cracked it open and it was the store clerk. "Closing" he said, as he glanced at what I was watching. 

"OK, give me a minute," I said as I stroked my cock watching the video.

"Take your time" with a laugh. 

As I finished up, the clerk opened the door and he had a couple guys with him. "So, what are we still doing here?" he said. 

"Ugh, just leaving.." I said as I tried to walk out the door. 

"Wrong bitch" one of the guys said as he stepped in front of me. This guy was big....huge, 6-5 and 300 lbs and as black as night. The other guy was also big, but lighter in color, and the clerk was an average white dude.

"Time for us to have a little party bitch," Henry, light colored man, said. He was 6-3 and bald and very sexy. 

Jacob, the big man pushed me to my knees and told me that "it's time for some meat boy". He unzipped and I was shocked at what I saw. Over two hand fulls of cock, still soft. 

"Suck it bitch," he hissed waving that big piece of meat in my face. I had never doe anything like that, but had seen it done on video. I was afraid, but there was no way out of it. I licked the tip of his cock and he placed his hands on the side of my head and forced the head in. 

"Come on cocksucker, suck it!" he said. His fat cock stretched my mouth open and he started pumping. 

In the background, I saw a light flash...my clerk was taking pictures! Jacob started fucking my face, and my cock was hard as a rock as he did. His cock was rock hard in my mouth and at the front of my throat when he drove into my throat and started to groan loudly. He started cumming, and as he did he tried to pull out, but I sucked harder. I wanted it as it turned out. His load was huge, a I swallowed it all. He pulled out, and Henry jumped in his place with his big, fully erect cock. Not wanting to waste time, he just grabbed me by the ears and drove his fat 7 inch cock through my lips and over my tongue. 

"You are a good cock sucker bitch!" he said as he used my mouth. I loved every second of it! He pulled out and ordered me to lick his balls. Nothing was off limits tonight, or as it turned out any other night. I licked under his hairless balls, sucked on each one, and listened to him groan. I needed no other instruction, went for his asshole and licked it. 

"Goddamn bitch!" he yelled as my tongue dove into his ass. I heard the others laugh, then I felt my pants being pulled off. My aching cock was out and the clerk started sucking my cock. Henry put his cock at my lips and drove into my mouth. I slipped a finger in his ass on his down stroke, and he pulled his cock out.

"Bitch!!!" he groaned as he shot a massive load on my face, almost blinding me. I blew my wad at that moment and the clerk took every drop. 

I thought we were done, but there was Jacob, ready for another round. Seeing that big cock from a distance gave me a different view, and he was a monster. Over 10 inches and as fat as my wrist. I kneeled down, expecting to give another blow job, but they had other ideas. The clerk and Henry turned leaned me over a bench with my ass high in the air. 

"Oh my god, no....please," I begged, but I knew it was going to happen. The head of his massive cock was running up and down the crack of my ass, and I felt something warm being squirted in my hole. 

The head entered my ass so fast, I was almost suspended in time. I could hear nothing, and all that I could feel was the pain of being on the other end of this big man's hard cock. Tears were running down my face as he just stood still, letting my ass get used to the pole he inserted into me. Something else happened. The pain started to subside, and my ass expanded to accept it's fate. I couldn't believe the words coming out of my mouth. 

"Fuck me, please fuck me," I said as the others laughed and took pictures. He fucked me slowly, steadily and deeper with every stroke. I found myself riding back on his massive black cock, taking him deeper, my cock dripping again as he drove into me faster. He began to groan, and I felt his cock begin to swell in my ass. 

"OHHH yeahhhhhhhhhh," he groaned as his cock drove into my ass. I felt the first shot deep into my ass, and I started to cum. Deeper on every stroke, my ass stretched to take it all in. I knew at that moment I was a cock whore, and nothing could ever change it!