 This is a gay erotic fantasy inspired by an episode of the ABC sitcom "That Girl" titled "The Apartment," which first aired on Oct. 5, 1967. Watching a repeat of that episode served as a springboard for this fantasy, though this story is purely the imagination of this author and does not reflect the intentions of either the actors who played these characters or the show's scriptwriters.

*****

Ann Marie picked up the phone as soon as she returned to her room in the Ambassador Hotel. "I'd like to place a station-to-station call to New York," she told the hotel operator before giving Don's phone number. Even at the lower rate, the long-distance call would be expensive if she and Don talked more than a couple of minutes.

"Hello, this is Donald Hollinger," her boyfriend answered. Don must have left his home number with the secretary of someone he's trying to interview for an article in Newsview, Ann thought.

"Hi sweetheart, it's Ann!"

"Ann! How did the shoot go today?" Don replied.

"Great, it went great. I miss you, though," Ann said. "At least you won't be alone this weekend."

"Yeah, my old frat brother should be knocking on the door any minute," Don told Ann. "His flight from Terre Haute was supposed to touch down about two hours ago."

"That's great! I'll see you when I get back to New York next week," Ann replied. "You two have fun this weekend."

"We will," Don told Ann, thinking to himself especially with you not here to interrupt our kinky escapades.

Shortly after hanging up the phone, Don heard a knock on the door. "Who's there?" he yelled.

"Harry Banner," a deep voice on the other side replied in a rapid, even cadence.

Don opened the door and saw his old friend standing in the hall, flanked by two suitcases. Harry was wearing a three-piece black suit complete with black bowler hat. Only Harry could dress like John Steed from that new British TV series "The Avengers" and not have people laugh at his appearance, Don thought.

"Harry! Good to see you!" Don exclaimed as he hugged his old friend. "Come on in."

Harry sat on the couch while Don went in the kitchen to get some drinks.

Don returned with two bottles of beer, handed one to Harry and said, "I'm glad I'm getting to see you this trip, unlike last time."

"Yeah," Harry replied, "the last time I made a spur-of-the-moment trip to New York, you had to go out of town on a last-minute assignment. And you had told Ann she could stay here while her apartment was being fumigated. All the hotels were booked, and I had to nail the bedroom door shut to convince her I wouldn't try anything while she was asleep."

"If she only knew," Don laughed.

"You've got a pretty sweet arrangement, guy," Harry said. "How long have you two been going together ... six or seven years? And she still thinks you haven't tried to get fresh with her because you respect her not being that kind of girl."

"Yeah, if old Lew Marie had any inkling, he'd stop worrying about Ann giving in to a moment of passion and start worrying about me not trying to get to first base with his daughter," Don said.

Don started to get up from the couch. "I guess you want to put your stuff in your room and freshen up after your flight."

"*My* room?" Harry expressed surprise. "You're going to make me sleep by myself this weekend?"

"Of course not," Don replied. "Put your suitcases in my bedroom. You want to take a shower? I'll get you some towels."

"Yeah, a shower would be good," Harry said. "You're not thinking about getting back at me for some of those initiation stunts, are you?" Harry had been pledgemaster the year Don pledged the fraternity.

"Certainly not," Don dismissed Harry's conspiracy theory. "The hazing was fun when you were pledgemaster. And remember, I was pledgemaster the year after you graduated."

"Yeah, fun," Harry said. "I remember when your blindfold was removed on hell night and you realized your face was just an eighth of an inch from David Baron's bare ass."

"Hell night opened my eyes in more ways than one," Don said. "The year I was pledgemaster, I sat my bare ass on the face of every pledge at least once."

Harry took his suitcases into the bedroom and began undressing to get in the shower.

Don stayed in the living room but watched through the partially open bedroom door as Harry removed his coat, his vest, his tie, his shirt, his pants, and finally his T-shirt and tighty whities, revealing the cock and ass Don hadn't seen for about a decade.

Don began taking off his own clothes when he heard Harry turn on the shower. He waited a few seconds, then slowly opened the bathroom door and walked over to the shower.

Don put his left hand around the base of his cock and reached up with his right hand to jerk open the shower curtain. He aimed his dick at a surprised Harry and let loose a strong stream of pungent piss on his former pledgemaster.

"You remember the start of hell night," Harry exclaimed.

Don laughed as he stepped into the shower with Harry. He began soaping Harry's back, then rubbed the bar of soap up and down inside Harry's ass crack. Harry then took the bar of soap from Don and soaped Don's back and ass crack.

After the shower, Don offered to give Harry a massage to help him relax after his flight.

Harry lay face down on the bed. Don straddled Harry's thighs, his cock resting against the base of Harry's back, and began rubbing his shoulders. Don inched backward so his hands could knead Harry's back and buns, then Don moved farther back and he began working his hands down Harry's legs.

When Don's hands reached Harry's feet, Don stood up at the foot of the bed and Harry rolled over on his back.

Don straddled Harry again, this time facing his feet. Don began massaging Harry's feet, then he began working his hands up Harry's legs. Don again began moving his body backward so that by the time his hands were up to Harry's thighs, Don's ass was hovering over Harry's face.

Harry opened his eyes and focused on Don's muscular glutes as his host lowered his ass closer to his face. Harry inhaled the soft scent of bath soap from the freshly washed ass crack. He extended the tip of his tongue into the base of Don's crack and flicked it, gently tickling Hollinger's hole.

As Harry's cock stiffened, Don wrapped his hand around the shaft and began pumping in a steady motion. In a few minutes the thrust of Harry's tongue against Don's hole began to slow while his breathing became heavier, and Don sensed that his frat brother was approaching orgasm.

Don maintained a steady rhythm on Harry's cock. Harry began gyrating his hips just before thick strands of silky cream erupted from his piss slit onto his stomach.

Don continued pumping the shaft until no more cum oozed out of his friend's cock. He unstraddled Harry, stood by the side of the bed, reached down and scooped some of Harry's cum into his right hand. He then held his cupped hand over Harry's lips to give Harry a taste of his own jism.

Don straddled Harry again, this time dropping his balls over Harry's mouth, and began stroking his own stiff erection.

Don was so horny that it only took a few strokes before he began bucking his hips, and Harry prepared to receive a facial from his friend.

"AAAHH!" Don exclaimed as he released his own volley of semen on Harry's mouth and chin. Don's entire body shuddered as the last drops of jism oozed out of his cock onto Harry's face. Harry ran his tongue along his lips to capture as many drops of Don's cum as it could reach.

---------------

Don called in some favors to reserve an almost-impossible-to-get table for him and Harry at an exclusive restaurant near Rockefeller Center. After dinner, he asked Harry what he wanted to do next.

"How about a movie," Harry said.

"A movie?" Don replied incredulously. "You'd pay a lot less to see a movie back in Terre Haute than you would in a theater here."

"Yeah, but Terre Haute doesn't have a movie theater like the Adonis," Harry replied.

Ah, Don thought, the Adonis - an all-male playhouse in more ways than one, and incongruously located next to the newly opened flagship hotel of one of the nation's most respected family lodging chains.

Don and Harry walked west on 51st Street. At Eighth Avenue the two men paused to admire the grand facade of the Adonis, a relic of the building's origin as a silent-era movie palace.

Inside the theater, Don and Harry headed straight to the infamous balcony, where the kinkiest public action was said to take place.

Once their eyes adjusted to the dim light inside the auditorium, the guys could make out silhouettes of men engaged in sexual activity - most of it cocksucking, but from the sight and sound they could tell a couple of guys were getting royally fucked in the ass.

"Drop your pants," Harry whispered in Don's ear.

"Drop my pants," Don repeated. "Why?"

"I want to rim your ass in front of all these men," Harry whispered.

Don took off his navy blazer and lay it carefully on the back of an empty seat in the nearest row. Harry eagerly knelt behind him as Don unbuckled his belt and lowered the zipper of his charcoal pants. The instant Don pulled down his underwear, Harry's face was nestled between his host's beefy buns.

Don stood in the row enjoying the sensation of Harry's tongue inside his ass crack. The pleasurable feeling was causing Don's cock to rise, attracting the attention of other men in the balcony.

A couple of men began walking slowly up and down the aisle, glancing down at Donald's erect cock as they passed, looking for a signal that they could approach.

Don made eye contact with a young man who looked like he could be a graduate student at an Ivy League university. The young man knelt in front of Don and swallowed over 4 inches of his cock.

Don was really enjoying the pleasurable sensations from the young man's mouth on his cock and Harry's tongue in his ass. But he didn't want to shoot a large load so early in the evening.

Don tapped the shoulder of the young man kneeling in front of his crotch. The young man stopped sucking Don's cock and stood up.

"That felt great, guy, but I don't want to cum yet," Don told the young man. "How would you like to join me and my friend in a party at the hotel next door?"

"Sure," the young man replied, "but I came here with some friends from Fordham."

"Great," Don said, "bring them along!"

"OK. What's the room number?"

"Yeah, well, that's the thing. I still need to register at the front desk. But bring your friends over to the hotel and I or my friend Harry will meet you in the lobby and take you up to the room."

Don turned his head to the side. "Harry. Hey, Harry! Quit rimming for a second and let me introduce you."

Once Harry was on his feet, Don told him "I think we ought to move this orgy to the hotel next door."

"Great," Harry agreed. He extended his right hand to the man who'd been sucking Don's cock.

"Harry Banner," Harry introduced himself, giving his full name out of habit.

"Mike," the young man replied as he shook Harry's hand.

Don chuckled. "Sorry, I forgot the introductions. My name's Don," he said as he shook Mike's hand.

"I've really enjoyed meeting you," Mike told Don, emphasizing the word really. "Well," he glanced at both men, "let me round up my pals and we'll meet you across the street in 10 or 15."

"One of us will meet you in the hotel lobby," Don replied. "It'd be great if we could carry a telephone in our pocket so I could just call to give you the room number, but hey, no one would want their boss to be able to reach them anywhere, am I right?"

"Yeah," Mike agreed, "the phone company can't even convince us to use phones that let you see who's calling while you talk, so why would anyone take the time to develop a portable telephone."

---------------

Don hadn't even considered the possibility that the hotel might not have a room available. The chain was a favorite of drivers on the nation's relatively new Interstate highway system, but this hotel's location on Eighth Avenue discouraged a lot of bookings by travel agents in the heartland.

Luckily there was a room available, and Don was able to use his Carte Blanche card to pay.

Just as the desk clerk handed Don a key, Mike entered the lobby accompanied by three other guys.

"Here's the rest of the Fordham gang," Mike told Don and Harry. Don figured there wasn't any point in introductions, so he motioned for the group to head over to the elevators.

"Hollinger!" yelled a tall, thin, nerdy looking guy wearing black horn-rimmed glasses.

Don glanced back with a confused look on his face.

"You're Donald Hollinger," the nerd continued in a loud, excited voice.

"He's a journalism major," Mike said to explain the nerd's recognition of a Newsview reporter.

"Yeah, that's interesting, nice to meet you," Don said in an uncertain voice as they walked to the elevator. The nerd could turn out to be a great friend with benefits or future trouble, Don thought.

Inside the room, Harry shouted "Everybody get naked!" as he began tearing off his own clothes. Don hurriedly got out of his clothes but took the time to hang his blazer and pants in the closet.

Before a couple of the Fordham students started to undress, Harry gave them some money to go buy beer. Harry intended to spend the evening lying in the bathtub, getting drenched whenever a guy needed to piss, and he wanted to ensure they'd need to piss a lot.

Don lay down on the edge of the room's king-size bed and pulled his knees up to his chest to signal he was ready for a stiff dick in his butt.

The first guy at the side of the bed was the nerd. His pecs were undeveloped and he only had a couple of strands of hair in the center of his chest. But his tall, thin frame made his cock appear even longer than its 7 inches, and his dick looked even more formidable jutting out from beneath his pubic hair.

"So you want me to fuck you, Hollinger? You want to feel my big dick inside your ass, Hollinger?" the nerd taunted as he stood over Don.

Don didn't have to respond - his hardening cock and exposed winking asshole signaled his eagerness to be speared by a stiff rod.

The nerd placed the tip of his cock on Don's hole and slowly began to push it in. Don was a little relieved that the dick was being inserted slowly because the first fuck of the orgy was always rough.

The nerd hadn't taken off his glasses. That's a little strange, Don thought, but he also was weirdly aroused being fucked by a guy who was completely nude except for a pair of black horn-rimmed glasses.

The nerd continued to slowly pump his dick in Don's ass, gazing down at the face of his fuck buddy while he repeated, "You like this, Hollinger? You like feeling my 7 inches plugging your ass? Enjoy being impaled on my hard rod, Hollinger?" 

The nerd's constant chatter was bordering on annoying, but his dick was rubbing Don's prostate the right way.

The nerd stopped talking and picked up the pace of his fucking. He closed his eyes and emitted a low moan just before he thrust his cock deep into Don's ass and held it there. Don knew the contents of the nerd's balls were flowing into his gut.

The nerd kept his eyes closed and his dick inside Don, savoring the afterglow of his orgasm. After his dick began to go limp, he pulled out and said "Whew. I've got to take a leak."

The nerd walked over to the bathroom door, which was slightly ajar, and pushed it open all the way. He noticed Harry lying naked in the bathtub and said "HEL-lo." The nerd walked up to the side of the tub and aimed his dick at Harry's face.

Two members of the swim team, one with light blond hair and the other with dark brown hair, took the nerd's place beside Don's bed. Both were about the same height, and their bodies had been closely shaved to allow them to move through the water with the least amount of resistance. The absence of hair on their pubes made their erect cocks appear even more impressive.

"I hope these two don't plan to double-fuck my asshole," Don thought.

The blond began jerking his cock to make it stiffer, pointing it at Don's hole. His teammate squeezed some lube on his fingers and stuck his hand inside his friend's ass crack, rubbing lubricant on the blond's asshole.

The blond rammed his hard erection into Don's hole, then his own ass was penetrated by his teammate's raging cock.

Don was really turned on by the knowledge that the blond whose cock was spearing his ass was simultaneously being impaled by his teammate's cock.

The two swimmers maintained the same rhythm as they thrust their cocks in and out of their respective partners. As if on cue, they occasionally paused to savor the sensation of each erection being gripped by a tight asshole.

Suddenly the two swimmers began to simultaneously hasten their thrusts. The brown-haired guy pulled out of the blond and began jerking his stiff rod with his hand, and the blond pulled his dick out of Don and began rapidly beating off.

The blond aimed the tip of his cock at Don's asshole and covered it with jizz.

The blond then stepped aside and his brown-haired teammate stepped up and began beating his meat faster. He grunted, adding his own load to his partner's deposit on Don's hole.

After shooting all the cum out of his balls, the brown-haired swimmer inserted his still-rigid cock into Don, pushing some of both loads up Don's ass.

The brown-haired swimmer pulled his dick out of Don. He and his blond teammate grabbed some beers and headed into the bathroom, where they joined the nerd, who was sitting on the wide windowsill on the opposite side of the tub.

The swimmers handed a beer to the nerd and one to Harry. The nerd sat above the supine Harry, releasing a spurt of piss from his cock whenever his bladder signaled the urge, and the swimmers planned to do the same.

The beers should help everyone get the urge more often, including Harry, who occasionally released a stream of his own piss onto his chest and, if he was lucky, his mouth.

Back in the bedroom, Don's legs were close to cramping after being held in the air so long to provide easy access to his asshole. He wanted to lower them but didn't because Mike hadn't had his turn yet.

Mike walked over to the edge of the bed. Mike could be on Fordham's wrestling team, Don thought. In the balcony of the Adonis, Don could tell that Mike possessed a good build underneath his clothes. But Don hadn't expected to see the amount of hair on Mike's chest and stomach.

Mike sensed that Don's position was becoming uncomfortable. Mike signaled for Don to keep his legs up a minute longer, and he knelt beside the bed to felch much of the cum left in Don's ass by the swimmers and the nerd.

Mike lifted his head from Don's ass. "You can lower your legs now," he told Don. "I don't want to fuck your ass. I'm more interested in that load of cum that's been building up in your balls."

Mike remained kneeling by the bed. He opened his mouth and swallowed as much of Don's cock as he could.

Don lay almost motionless on the bed, enjoying the blowjob he was receiving from Mike. Only one thing would make this moment better, he thought.

Don lifted his head and said "Hey" to get Mike's attention. Mike stopped sucking and looked at Don.

"That feels great," Don assured Mike, "but would you mind doing me a favor?"

Mike followed Don's request and knelt on the bed, straddling Don but facing his feet. 

Mike resumed sucking Don's cock with his hairy buttocks hovering over Don's face.

Don looked up at Mike's dimpled ass and the hairs between his cheeks. Don raised his hands to Mike's thighs and began gently pulling down to signal that he wanted Mike's ass closer to his face.

Don was fixated on Mike's butt as it came closer to his face. He stuck out his tongue and rubbed the tip against Mike's hole.
