 It had been 5 months since I had dropped "the bomb" on my wife of 18 years. As 15 year old sophomores in high school, my girlfriend Vicki and I had started messing around. We pretty well ruined our young lives when Vicki turned up pregnant. Both Vicki's parents and mine were insistent that we keep the baby and do the only honorable thing... get married.

Vicki's parents had a pretty large house, so we were allowed to move in with them to start our young marriage, and prepare to our child. Somehow, we did it right, and both were able to finish high school and college, with a lot of help from our parents in raising our son Tyler. Also along the way, we had a baby girl, Kristin.

After getting my degree in Marketing, I was hired by a marketing firm in Tulsa for my first real job. I was a 22 year old father of a 7 year old son and a 5 year old daughter. During my early career, I loved what I was doing and it showed. I was also rewarded with promotions and nice salary increases. And with those promotions, we upped our standard of living, from a two bedroom apartment to a three bedroom townhouse, then a 3 bedroom starter home, and finally to a large 4 bedroom home with all the amenities.

I was a young man with big dreams and a big appetite. But, something always seemed to be missing. 

But, back to "the bomb".....

I am now 33 years old with two teenagers, a mortgage, and an unfulfilled personal life. It was on a Saturday morning that I asked Vicki to set down and talk about a very important issue. 

We sat at the kitchen table while I recounted our lives together. When I talked about the hole in my sole, Vicki understood and, in fact, told me she felt much the same. By our careless actions 18 years earlier, we had deprived ourselves of the normal growing up process. We had missed out on proms, senior trips, fraternity and sorority memberships, and "sowing our wild oats". 

With her in an agreeable frame of mind, I addressed the very difficult point that led to this discussion. "Vicki, I want a divorce."

I expected shock, and tears, and anger, but none of that came. She sat and absorbed my pronouncement like she almost expected it. After several seconds of silence, her one word reply to me was "Why?"

"Well, after months and months of trying to determine why I had this overwhelming emptiness, I've finally concluded its cause. Vicki, I'm gay."

Silence....

"I never got to go through the learning and experimental stages of a typical teenager. It's not your fault. I've been loyal to you from the very beginning. And that's why I want to divorce. I don't want to be disloyal to you; to our marriage. But, I need to be honest with you. Our sex life has been decent, but not great. I can't even put into words the hollowness of our sexual relationship. But, because I respect you and I respect the institution of marriage, I would never cheat on you with another woman OR another man."

"I see.... And...?"

"I need to be freed of my marital commitment so I can become who I was meant to be."

The conversation went on for a few hours before we decided that we would end our marriage on cordial terms and both of us would be free to be ourselves. After all, we were both just 33 years old, in good shape physically, with a lot of years ahead of us. 

We ultimately went through a friendly divorce and prepared to go our separate ways. After we told the kids everything, Tyler decided to come live with me, and Kristin would remain with her mother and finish high school. Tyler would be starting at the local university in just a few weeks. 

All in all, I was pleased and relieved that Vicki took our divorce so well. I had a hunch that she had some unmet needs that she wanted to explore as well. 

She kept the house, and I bought a nice three bedroom ranch with a pool at the edge of town. Tyler would live with me rather than on campus in order to save money.

After moving to our new home, I laid out the house rules to Tyler. After my own teen experiences, my house rules were VERY liberal. Tyler was quite appreciative of that fact. 

Once settled in, I immersed myself in both my work, and in my "coming out". After 18 years of uninspired missionary fucking with my now ex-wife, I was like a kid in a candy store. I ceased every opportunity imaginable to find cock. I started frequenting a local gay bar. I visited a local adult video arcade, and I ran frequent ads on Craigslist and other dating sites. Slowly, but surely, I developed a small number of regular fuck buddies. With my new lifestyle, I felt young, fresh, and invigorated. Every sex partner I enjoyed brought something different to the table. Ron was a total bottom cum slut. He could suck cock all day long, and the only thing he liked more than that was to have me fuck his hot tight ass. David was a skilled and masterful top. I loved getting down on all fours and letting him ravage my ass for as long as he could last. I also loved the feel of his thick 8" ramming in and out of my hungry mouth. I even met Tracy, a very passable CD who loved getting rammed barebacked. Tracy was also somewhat of an exhibitionist, and our games of seeing how far we could go publicly without getting caught, kept me hard and on my toes at all times. And there was Jeremy, a black stud former athlete whose favorite pastime was 69. 

That chronic emptiness that I'd experienced for the past 18 years seemed to become a thing of the past. 

I frequently brought my fuck buddies home, where we could play in the privacy of my bedroom. Tyler, of course, was totally aware of what was going on. After all, he had agreed to the house rules when deciding to live with me. 

One Friday afternoon I was particularly horny. I called Jeremy, and as luck would have it, he had taken the day off to do some things around the house. When suggesting an afternoon get together, Jeremy was all too agreeable to putting his household chores on the back burner for an afternoon of cock.

I had put in a lot of extra hours on a marketing program that we'd just finished up, and I had a ton of comp time that I needed to burn. Therefore, I threw my laptop and some work papers into my briefcase and headed out the door.

I made it to Jeremy's house in record time, and found Jeremy standing out front waiting for my arrival. Jeremy is a beautiful, 28 year old African-American Adonis. Broad shoulders, thin waist, and powerful arms that I love having wrapped around me. Attracted by his good looks, I was equally attracted to the 9" of chocolate muscle that hung between his legs. We had met about three months ago through an ad he had placed on Craigslist. We had been regular lovers since then.

Dressed in a pair of tight Levis and a skin tight muscle shirt that accentuated his flawless torso, Jeremy quickly jumped into my SUV, leaned over and gave me a quick kiss on the lips. His taste was fresh and minty, and his cologne correctly suggested that he was all man. Before speeding off, I reached over and squeezed the bulge in his tight jeans. His excitement was already manifesting itself. 

During the 15 minute drive to my house, we chit-chatted about normal guy stuff, and took turns fondling one another's groins. By the time I pulled in my driveway, we were both rock hard and aching for release. 

Pulling to a stop in front of the house, we didn't waste a second getting ourselves inside the house. Once we were behind closed doors, we fell into a passionate kiss, our tongues wrestling one another with a definite sense of urgency. The temperature in the room was rising fast as we each fumbled with the others pants, trying to unsnap them and cast them aside. 

Once we had removed our shoes, socks and pants, we each pulled off our shirts and faced one another gloriously nude. Both of our cocks stood at rigid attention. My firm 7" cock with its shiny purple head paled in comparison to Jeremy's 9" of ebony beauty. We resumed our passionate lip lock and slowly worked our way over to the large sectional sofa that dominated my living room. Taking the lead, I gently nudged Jeremy to where he was positioned flat on his back on the sofa, never breaking our hot and lust filled kiss. 

Time was of the essence. We were both too far gone for any interest in teasing or foreplay. I immediately flipped myself 180 degrees and positioned myself right above Jeremy's throbbing erection. Without pause, I leaned down and took the beautiful brown mushroom head into my mouth. He was firm, yet soft to the touch of my tongue. I lightly licked the drop of pre-cum that had pooled on his slit. It tasted magnificent. 

After a few months of being a certified and dedicated cock sucker, I had learned to override my gag reflex, and was mastering the art of deep throat. Relaxing my throat, I began to engulf more of his length into my hungry mouth. Meanwhile, on the other end, Jeremy had fully engulfed my entire 7 inches of man muscle. Minutes passed as I continued to bring Jeremy's full length into my mouth and throat. Finally buried to the hilt, Jeremy's wiry and trimmed pubes were tickling my lower lip and chin. It was pure heaven. 

We continued our ministrations on one another and quickly settled into a sensual rhythm going in and out. There is nothing more satisfying to me than a mouthful of hard cock, along with the anticipation of that forthcoming blast of semen. 

The speed with which we sucked one another clearly indicated that we were both heading down the path of mind blowing orgasms. My lips continued up and down the entire length of Jeremy's ebony prick, drawing him closer and closer to the edge.

Suddenly a loud crash came from the other end of the house toward the bedrooms. Panicking, I removed my lips from around Jeremy's cock and nearly ran down the hall to see what was wrong. Jeremy jumped up and followed a few paces behind. 

Arriving at Tyler's bedroom door, I was shocked to see Tyler and his friend Chris lying naked on the bed. Chris was flat on his back, propped up by a couple pillows, and Tyler was positioned between Chris's legs, with his head bobbing up and down as he was giving Chris a blow job. Few sites rival that of two hunky 18 year olds engrossed in hot oral sex. 

Chris was the first to see Jeremy and me. His face immediately drained of all color and he rolled off the bed and into the floor, scurrying to the corner looking for anything to cover his erect cock. Jeremy quickly turned about, and when he saw the two of us standing there, he totally freaked out.

"Oh, my god, Dad, no.... oh, my god! I'm sorry, Dad! Oh, my God!... No... it's not what you think! I'm sorry! I'm sorry! Oh, God, I'm so humiliated!"

Tyler was a total wreck. Sitting on his bed with an 8" boner, and no where to hide. The room was quiet for a few seconds, which to Tyler, I'm sure felt like hours. The four of us exchanged quizzical glances at one another. Both Jeremy and I still had throbbing hard ons from our close brush with orgasmic pleasure. And both hunky teenagers continued to stand a full attention as well.

The silence was broken with another round of "I'm sorry's" and "oh my god's" from Tyler. 

Finally, I could no longer resist the urge to grin, and I asked Tyler what he was sorry about.

"Well, it's just... you... it's... you caught me having gay sex with my best friend. I'm humiliated. I'm sorry."

"Like I said, Tyler, what do you have to be sorry about?" Tears were forming in both eyes as Tyler sat dumfounded, as if in shock.

"Did you break any of the house rules?" I asked.

"Well, I.... I don't know, I guess not," my son finally replied.

"Well, I don't see that you've violated any of the rules. So I don't see why you're so upset."

Suddenly, I saw my son in a totally different light. I no longer saw my boy sitting there on the bed, but I saw a gorgeous 18 year old hunk of a man, still sporting a huge erection.

Almost simultaneously, I saw that Tyler had taken note of my own throbbing erection. There was a moment of quiet discomfort in the air as we both took stock of the sights before us.

Quietly, Jeremy brushed past me and walked to the corner where Chris stood in stone silence. "Son, let's you and me go into the other room and see if we can do something about that hard cock of yours. I think these gentlemen need some father and son time right now."

Before taking Chris by the hand and leading him out of Tyler's room, Jeremy reached down and gently stroked Chris's gorging cock. "I think I've got just the place for that beautiful piece of meat."

"So, is this the first time you've done this, Tyler?"

"No, sir."

"Have you done this with anyone besides Chris?"

"Yes, sir."

"So, who else?"

"Oh, there's been a few different guys."

"Have you ever had sex with a girl?" I asked.

"Yes, sir. A couple of times." Tyler responded.

"And?" I continued the questioning.

"And, sex with a girl was okay. Nothing life-changing."

"So you like sex with guys better than girls, I take it?" I pressed on.

"Yes, sir. I do," Tyler offered.

Oddly enough, Tyler's erection did not subside under the questioning. And neither did mine.

Suddenly I noticed that the tension in the room had shifted from that of utter fear and humiliation, to a definite air of sexual tension.

I slowly started walking closer to the bed. Closer to Tyler. 

"Tyler, that's nothing to be ashamed of. Nothing to worry yourself over. Son, you know my story. You know that I suppressed my true self for over half my life. I wouldn't change it though, because I got you and Kristin out of the deal. Most of all, I want you to be happy. Whether you're married with a house full of kids, or whether you are a gay man, I'll love you either way. Not a bit different either way."

I sat down on the bed next Tyler. You could see the calming look of relief sweep across his face. 

"Son, you knew what you signed up for when you decided to live with me after the divorce. I am gay. There's no doubt about it. I loved your Mom and we had some good years together. But, I'm going to continue bringing men to the house for sex. And, as long as you continue to live here, the same option is open to you. No questions asked."

"And, what about Chris?" he asked. "I'm pretty sure that we're in love."

"Chris is welcome any time you want. And you don't have to hide or worry about me seeing anything. In fact, seeing the two of you in bed together was kinda hot. Made me a little jealous."

"Jealous? Why would you be jealous?"

"Because it wasn't me you were in bed with." I softly replied.

"Oh, Dad!" Tyler leaned forward and hugged me around the neck.

While locked in his warm embrace, as if instinctively, I reached down with my free left hand and gently brushed his raging hard on. Tyler paused for an instant, but kept me in his warm embrace. Then, I reached for him again and took his penis in my hand and began to slowly stroke him.

I immediately sensed the change in his breathing pattern when I also heard a slight moan of pleasure. I slowly shrugged my shoulders in order to break free from his embrace. I extended my right arm to Tyler's chest and gently pushed him back onto the bed. 

Next, I leaned forward and took my son's rock hard erection into my mouth.

The feeling was exquisite. Like no sensation I have ever experienced.

I quickly enveloped his entire 8" into my hungry mouth and throat.

After a few moments of my up and down movement, Tyler began squirming about on the bed.

Tugging at my body, Tyler repositioned us into a 69 position. Then I felt his lips wrap around my throbbing cock.

I had no idea what was going on with Jeremy and Chris. All I know is that our father and son relationship had suddenly reached a whole new level.

To be continued...