 ** Note to reader; this is my first story and am heavily open to feedback. All events are works of fiction, I am a straight male though have had some "experiences" in the past which constitute to the story being as believable as it can for these characters. I plan to do more in the future, please leave feedback and recommendations**




"Why don't you just admit it?" Alex said, sitting on the sofa across from me. "You had a crush on her."

"If I had a crush on her, why would I be around your house and not around Claire's?" I replied, putting down my can on the table, finishing it all.

"Because I taught you well," Alex replied back. "Bro's before hoes and all that."

"Well fine, I guess i'm gonna have to put up with this along with sleeping in the same room as you."

My name is Jason. Me and Alex had been friends for ages, and had been hanging out loads recently during our free time. We were both good friends, we could talk about anything and have a less mature relationship with. His parents were away for most of the night, which gave us the perfect excuse to have a mini sleepover, chill out and play on his Xbox. 

I'd recently been through some girl trouble, and this was the perfect excuse to get away from that. Alex, however, had other ideas and was enjoying tormenting me about it in the way he always did.

"I'm going upstairs," Alex told me, standing up from the sofa. "I'll get the lubricants ready."

"There's something wrong with you" I replied whilst shaking my head. He made a lot of stupid comments like that, toying with the fact we would be sleeping in the same room and all of that. We knew that neither one of us was gay, we both had interests in girls, and never really took liking guys into consideration. I did like Alex being around me, though, and I'd be lying if I said I didn't find him attractive.

I went up to his room, and we both just continued relaxing, watching movies and eating popcorn. We spent most of the night doing this alongside talking about different topics until we had all but about run dry. We were both lying on his bed with our backs against the wall facing the TV, and he promptly turned it off when we had finished watching everything.

We continued to talk until he put his head on my shoulder. It was kind of creepy at first, but I just let him do it and angled my head to it was leaning on top of his too. I could tell he was finding it awkward too, but we both were experimenting in a dark and forbidden way.

After not too long, it was making me feel quite sexual having him lying against me like this, and I think he sensed this too. I made a slight movement with my mouth into his hair, almost gesturing that I was kissing it but in a way that didn't look too obvious. I didn't want him to pull away because I got the wrong idea.

He raised his head so his chin was resting on my shoulder, and our eyes met. After a second, his eyes lowered to my mouth and our lips touched. My heart stopped, adrenaline pumped through my body and a thousand thought whizzed through my brain. I was kissing a guy, another guy. It was weird, and it was wrong, yet strangely enough, I liked it.

His lips weren't like girl's lips. They were harder, and more firm. They were still soft, however, and for those few second where our lips held and slowly pressed made me feel so good.

He looked up at me, and pulled back. He too questioned what he was doing. He looked at me, as if trying to come up with something that could phrase what he was thinking. He failed, and so did I. Instead, our eyes met and this time it was me that lowered my gaze. I stared at his lips, the taste still covering my own. I wanted to do it again, so I leaned forward and kissed him. He kissed back, and this time we held it for longer.

I stabilised our mouths by putting my hand on the warm side of his neck, and dared him by putting my other on his inner thigh, lightly rubbing it whilst I pressed my lips against his. We both moved our lips, and after a few more times he opened his mouth and kissed more passionately. He raised one hand to my face, and the other to my hand on his thigh. He gripped it, put us palm to palm and nestled my fingers between his. This turned me on so bad, and rewarded him by opening my mouth, and subtly licking his lips as he closed in around them. He returned, sensing this advancement, and our tongues touched and began to lick each other as we surrendered our lips to one another.

He climbed on top of me, putting both his hands on my chest and kissing hard and passionately against me, putting more of his tongue in my mouth when I opened it more. His lips were heaven, and I couldn't hide the bulge between my legs which I felt him rubbing against. He pulled my shirt off, and I raised my arms to help him. The moment it was off, I began to remove his and then I moved down to his jeans.

I undid the belt, leaning inwards as I did it. As I released them, I saw the big bulge too that was now in front of me. I reminded myself that I wasn't gay, but Alex was just too hard to resist right now. He pulled the rest of his trousers off, and I rested my hands against his cock.

At first I felt them against his underwear, before undoing the button and let it out in front of me. It was as big as mine, and that was quite big. I rubbed my hands against it, and seductively licked the side of it to satisfy my new lover. 

"Jason..." he moaned, and I continued to kiss it, slowly working up his body, up his chest to his neck and then his mouth. Our lips met furiously, and he wrapped his hands against my skin. I pulled my body up so our cocks were touching through my jeans. We both collapsed onto the bed, and I seized the opportunity to be on top.

I kissed him full on, forgetting any sense of how wrong this felt at first. It felt so right, and I was too turned on to stop. 

He kissed, I kissed. We both licked each other as he undid and took off my jeans and then my underwear with it. He bent under me and wrapped his mouth around the end of my cock.

It felt so good at first, feeling his warm breath against it combined with the smoothness of his mouth. I felt his tongue touch it almost accidentally at first, but then he licked the tip of it as he continued to taste me. I moaned his name to him, and pushed him back down so that I could lower myself over his cock.

"We shouldn't be doing this, gayboy" he said to me, caressing my face as I lowered my lips over the top of his cock. At first it tasted fairly strange, but the more that I let past my lips the more I liked it. I put one hand on his leg, and the other I put on the cock and slowly massaged it back and forth. I saw his head roll back as I continued to surround the end of his cock with my mouth and massage it. I let my tongue swivel over the tip of his cock, and taste the raw flavour of his juices. It tasted nice, so I lowered myself down over it, until I felt it at the back of my throat.

I moved my head back and forth, feeling Alex's cock pulsate as he moaned for me. I continued doing this, learning more about how another mans body worked as I did so. My hands rested on his thighs, and his pressed on my head. I realized how much of him I was taking in my mouth, and teased this back licking the underneath of his cock and moaning myself. After a minute, I felt his leg muscles tense up, and a warm liquid sprayed inside of me and cover my mouth. I realized this was cum, and at first freaked out over what I just did. 

I pulled back, leaving him panting below me. Legs still separated. I realized how much fun I was having, and I casually swallowed the load in my mouth and let the taste spread around it. Before I even realized, Alex was leaning forward and began to massage my cock, still nice and hard from pleasuring him.

"Looks like... you have practice..." he said between kisses as he caressed and worked his way up my cock.

"Piss off" I replied, enjoying his touch and having another being touch me like this. I once again thought about what I was doing. I wasn't gay, I knew I wasn't. However, Alex was being so perfect to me. Everything we were doing was such fun, I couldn't help but feel madly attracted to him. 

He spun we around, laying me down on his pillow and kissed me once more. After French kissing me and biting my lip, he began to kiss my neck. His breath against my skin gave me goosebumps, and I threw my head back so he had more access, grabbing the back of his head.

"I am not gay, you know" I told him as he worked his way down my body, our cocks rubbing each other as he went down.

"Neither am I" he told me, my cock now right there in front of him. "I don't find guys attractive. But there's something about you, Jason. I can't resist you."

"Stop resisting" I told him, and he smiled and began to wrap his mouth over me. He kissed the end of my cock, licked it and massaged it with his hands. He felt my balls and began to swirl his tough over my tip. He lowered his mouth right over it, and I felt the end of my cock touch the back of his throat. It felt SO good, and I could only moan and massage his hair as I listened to the noises of his mouth and my cock slosh against each other. His hands massaged my thighs, and his entire head rocked back and forth as he tasted my cock up and down. I felt my fluids build up, and I moaned louder and louder until I finally released everything I had into the back of his throat. He held his mouth there as he sucked it, making sure he had every piece of cum in his mouse before he slowly moved his head back up, his mouth full of my gift to him. He swallowed with a loud gulp, and after wiping his mouth with his arm, he lowered himself onto me and kissed me once more.

We spent the rest of the right in the same bed, arms around each other. We both woke up at the same points now and again, and casually kissed each other and massaged our bodies as we drifted in and out of sleep. By the time it was morning, I was convinced. I wasn't gay. Well, maybe I was just for Alex.