 Shep smiled as he stepped out of the airport.

"Would you stop complaining?" he frowned.

"I'm not complaining. I'm just saying that they should bring back those little peanuts," he mumbled.

"No one cares about the peanuts. I'm allergic anyways," Shep said, as he hailed a cab.

"Psh, 'no one cares about the peanuts'," Lex mocked Shep's deeper voice. "Madness," he mumbled, as he shoved Shep out of the way and crawled into the cab first. Shep rolled his eyes and crawled in beside him.

"Rockefeller Center, please," Shep instructed.

"Rockefeller?" Lex frowned. "Who is this guy anyways?" he asked, reaching for the map of angels Shep held.

"Jophiel," Shep answered, earning an awkward glance from the cabbie in the rearview mirror. 

"Jophiel, huh. What's he up to in New York. Seems a little busy for an angel," Lex grumbled, looking out the window.

"So the country was too empty and the city is too busy? Make up your mind," Shep said, another look from the cabbie making him blush.

"Stop here!" Lex shouted.

"Stop!" Shep said, out of reflex. The cabbie hit the brakes, sending them all forward sharply.

"Get out here," Lex said, and threw the door open, the cabbies eyes went wide.

"Must have been a loose door, you should check that out." Shep threw him a big tip to distract him, before climbing out. "What are we doing?" he asked, once he was on the street next to Lex.

"Follow me," Lex said. He grabbed the handle of the store. Shep frowned as he followed him inside, taking a moment to glance behind him. He could feel eyes on his back, though he didn't know where they came from. Shaking his head in dismissal, he followed Lex inside. As he stepped inside, he realized Lex had changed. Though he still looked like Lex, he was more human appearing now.

"Thanks, that's all," Lex smiled. Shep frowned as he looked the man in front of him up and down. He looked enough like Lex. His skin was still pale and his hair was still covered in red. But his horns had gone, and his red eyes were now a golden brown. His tail was nowhere in sight either. He hadn't changed his clothing, keeping himself clad only in leather and chains, but the shop owner didn't seem bothered by this, he did work in New York afterall. Lex turned and smiled, shoving a small bag into Sheps chest. Shep frowned and opened it, revealing a black Bluetooth.

"Happy birthday," Lex mumbled, and stepped outside. Shep rolled his eyes and followed Lex, smiling at the owner as he left. Lex stood waiting for him, barefoot and tail swishing as usual.

"I knew Demons could shape shift, I Just never thought about you doing it," Shep said, as he shoved the accessory into his ear.

"I don't like it," Lex shrugged. "But you walk too slow." He laughed.

"RIght, well. Maybe I'll get a few less looks now. Though we are in New York so it's a bit short lived." He shrugged, as he began walking down the street with Lex by his side. "Hey... how did you pay for this?" Shep frowned.

"Easy." Lex pulled a very large wad of cash from some unknown source on his body, Shep was afraid to ask where Lex had been keeping the bills.

"Holy shit," Shep swore, and stopped to look at Lex.

"Remember, stud, you can only talk to me. Other people still can't see me," Lex laughed. Shep continued walking, keeping his eyes forward.

"Where did you get that?" he asked.

"I don't know. It just kind of adds up. I mean I don't really eat or drink or anything like that, at least I don't need too. Only if I wanna, and I don't usually," he shrugged. "I just get a little now and then and it adds up over the years," he smiled.

"H-How much do you have?" Shep frowned.

"Enough to stay there," Lex smiled, and pointed at the tall building before them.

"The New York Palace... we're going to stay in the New York Palace. That place is like-"

"A little over $600 a night, I already reserved our room," Lex said, heading into the hotel. He stopped at the front desk and smiled, shifting into his 'human' form. The man at the front desk tried to stop his jaw from dropping when the leather clad twink strolled up to the marble desk.

"Lexington Morris," Lex batted his eyelashes. The man quickly typed in his name and nodded.

"Everything is setup for your room, sir," he smiled, as Shep stepped up behind him.

"Thank you," Lex nodded, as he turned to head for the elevators after the man gave him the two keys.

"Just let me know if you need anything.... sir," the man added, smiling dumbly at Lex. Lex turned around and smiled back.

"Will do." He hit the button for the elevator, which opened quickly and they piled in. In the elevator alone, Shep finally spoke.

"He was totally flirting with you," he frowned.

"Yeah... so? Most people do. I am gorgeous if you hadn't already noticed," Lex fluttered his thick eyelashes.

"Modest aren't you?" Shep scowled. Lex looked him up and down.

"You're jealous," he said, a smile creeping over his pale face.

"What?" Shep scowled harder. "No I'm not," he shook his head.

"You totally are!" Lex laughed, then stopped and smiled. "I didn't know you cared." He looked down at his feet before glancing up at Shep with a smaller smile.

"I don't," Shep snapped. "You're just some dumb demon who follows me around like a creeper," Shep growled, he stared up at the numbers on the elevator as they lit up, showing them climbing floor after floor. With his eyes trained on the numbers, he didn't see Lex's hurt face.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"Forgive me father, for I have sinned... I've sinned a lot." He couldn't help the smile that crossed over his face.

"Lexington..." the priest sighed. Father Francis could be seen shaking his head through the screen that separated the two men. "What is it this time, my son?" he asked, voice already weary. 

"The usual," Lexington stayed in the kneeling position, looking around the small wooden room, bored.

"There shouldn't be a usual," the priest said, sternly. 

"I can't help it," Lexington muttered. "It's just having fun," he unfolded his hands and leaned back, letting his arms rest on the bench behind him.

"Your fun is still sin." The voice didn't lose any of its sternness.

"I know, Father," Lexington mumbled. He shuttered when the thought struck him that he meant 'father' in more ways than one. 

"You know I love you, Lexington." His dad spoke to him through the mesh again. "Because of that I have to watch out for more than just your current happiness. If you continue this path I'm afraid for what will happen to your soul," he said, a sense of urgency in his voice.

"I know!" Lex snapped. "... Father," he added calmly at the end.

"You take your vows soon, my son. You must prepare for that," he reminded, before leaving the confessional. Lex sat there for a moment, before he sighed and left. He straightened his black coat and headed for the front of the church. As he passed through rows of pews, specks of praying men and women scattered among the dark wood, he was stopped by an older man.

"Father," he put a hand on Lexs shoulder.

"Oh, I'm not a priest yet... if you want I can-" as Lex turned to find his dad, the man continued on.

"My son just came out as a homosexual." The man's eyes were red from crying. "I don't know what to do," he said, letting out a small sob with a sigh. Lex stared at the man as he got a hold of himself. "I don't want him to go to hell," the man added. "Please, Father, what do I do?" Lex blinked once before speaking.

"Just love him," Lex muttered, before walking off.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"Lex?" Shep's voice brought Lex out of his reverie.

"Oh, you're awake," he blinked, as he moved out of the window seat that looked over the bustling town.

"Yeah." Shep stretched and looked around the huge room. "I still can't believe how big this room is," Shep chuckled.

"Oh, yeah, right," Lex smiled. Shep was washing his face in the all marble bathroom when there was a knock on the door. "I got it. He called to Shep who poked his head out the doorway.

Lex opened the door as a bellhop pushed in the large cart. Several cloches covered the tray, the bright silver domes shining in the morning light pouring in from the balcony. Lex tipped the man, before pushing the cart over to the table.

"What's that? Shep asked as he sat down.

"Oh, uh well we get a breakfast for two during our stay," Lex said.

"You don't eat," Shep frowned.

"No, but I felt like it. Are you gonna eat or not?" Lex moved the cloche aside and sat down. 

"Everyone gets a free breakfast? Wow, this hotel is nice," Shep smiled.

"Well, not everyone. I got a special package," Lex said. Unable to keep a straight face, he ended up giggling at the word package.

"Ignoring the bad innuendo, what do you mean?" he said around a mouthful of souffle.

"Well, I got us a special room and deals," Lex shrugged.

"Like what?" Shep asked.

"A breakfast for two, lunch by the pool, a... uh... candlelight dinner-" Lex was interrupted by Shep coughing and looking around the rooms with the large bed and larger shower. The soft carpeting and two of everything.

"You got us the honeymoon suite?!" Shep stood up.

"Why not? We don't actually have to be on a honeymoon," Lex crossed his arms.

"You're unbelievable," Shep said. After staring at him for a full thirty seconds, he got up and left the room.

"Where are you going?" Lex asked.

"We aren't here for fun, Lex. I'm here to kill another one of those sick bastards." Shep grabbed his swords and hid them behind the folds of his coat. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"So where is this guy supposed to be anyways?" Lex asked, as they stepped through the streets. He rolled his shoulders, enjoying being back in his Demon form. Shep pulled the wrinkled map from his coat pocket, unfolding it carefully. He turned it over, revealing the small paragraph of text explaining the exact location of each Angel.

"Great," he mumbled. 

"What?" Lex frowned and tried to peek over his shoulder while they walked up 5th avenue. 

"He's there," Shep stopped.

"Where?" Lex spun around, searching for the hidden Angel.

"On the-" Shep was cut off as Lex was suddenly scooped up and was sent kicking and screaming to the top of the Empire state building. "Lex!" Shep shouted, he broke into a run. He shoved his way through the crowds, watching as people stared confused but only mildly annoyed, used to the strange happenings in New York. As the small dot that was the angel landed on the very top of the tall building, Shep began sprinting into the crowded building, ignoring the crowds of people glaring at him as he shoved and pushed his way to the stairs.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

"God damn it put me-" Lex was caught off guard when he was dropped roughly on the building. The loud thud of his thin body hitting the hard surface was accompanied by the rushing winds created by the diseased angels gray wings. It landed carefully on it's bare feet. Long toes twitching as it scratched at the ledge of the building. They weren't at the top, but at the first ledge below the tall arches that made up the top of the building, ending in the tall needle. Lex groaned as he stood, trying to keep his hair from blowing in the strong wind. "Down," he mumbled the last part of his earlier request. He unwrapped the long chain that crossed his chest, letting it fall to his feet. His other hand rested on his whip, prepared to draw it when needed. "Lets go bitch," Lex snapped.

"You are not worthy," the angel growled. Lex straightened up.

"Not worthy of what? I don't have a soul, is that it? Nothing for you to 'nom nom nom' right?" he snapped.

"Lex?" Shep reached the top, gasping for air.

"How did you even get up here?" Lex frowned, keeping his eyes on the Angel.

"I knocked out a few people," Shep shrugged as he began to catch his breath. "Are you okay?" he asked, worried.

"Yeah, but lets get something clear," Lex turned. "If every time we go to kill something, I get shot or kidnapped, we need to have a talk," he said, pointing a finger at Shep, who only smiled.

"Noted," he smiled wider, and drew both of his dual swords, the light from Solias reflecting in the shine of his multicolored hair. He tossed his head, pushing the long black hair out of the way before charging forward. The Angel easily dodged the attack and Shep was sent flying, the force of the wind catching him off guard. He stumbled toward the edge, saved by the feeling of thick chain being wrapped around his waist. He felt the hair forced out of him as Lex pulled him back.

"Easy, big guy. Remember, I'm not the best flier. It would probably be best if we avoided the edges," Lex reminded him.

"Noted," Shep said, again. The angel smiled.

"What, no weapons tough guy? You gonna dodge us to death?" Lex frowned. The angel smiled wider, and opened it's black mouth. The void that led down to its empty stomach was filled with black and gray teeth, though many were missing. It inhaled deeply, before letting out a scream that literally made Lex's ears bleed. Shep winced and covered his ears, dropping his swords as he did so. Though the scream seemed to have a worse effect on Lex, who was now on the ground, writhing in agony. Shep watched as black tears poured from Lex's eyes. Black blood leaked from between his fingers as he attempted to cover his ears. He had curled into the fetal position as he tried to guard himself from the scream. Finally, Shep couldn't watch any more as he pulled a hand away and forced it to grip Solias. With a deep breath, he hurled the sword at the Arch.

Caught off guard, the angel reacted a moment too late. He moved, the sword striking him in the wing. He screeched as he flailed the now useless limb. Greeted with only the sound of the screeching angel, and the howling wind, Shep turned to Lex who was sobbing quietly. 

"Lex? Come on, stand up," Shep grabbed his arm. Lex shook his head and continued to cover his bleeding ears. Shep sighed and picked up his other sword, charging the angel. He blinked once, before turning and grabbing Sheps arm, forcing him over the edge.  

~~~~~~~~~~~

The world was numb to Lex as he continued to feel the blood drip from his ears and eyes. The deep ringing tone that replaced the bright sounds of the world around him filled every part of his brain. He felt a tug as Shep tried to pull him up, but only shook off the hand. As Shep charged the angel, he looked down at his black stained hands, looking at them through black stained eyes. He only looked up, when he heard the screams from Shep. He saw the angel looking over the edge, but no one else. With the bile rising in his throat, he shoved the angel aside and dove over the edge. His small wings opened but did nothing to help him. Shep screamed as he fell, his sword falling a few feet away. Lex beat his wings as he dove down, arms outstretched for Shep, who had his eyes squeezed shut tight. As his long fingers wrapped around Sheps wrists, he slowed their descent and with all his might began pulling them back up to the top of the building with his small wings. He groaned and strained as he pulled them back up farther and farther. Finally, one hand reached the narrow edge of the building. He grunted as he pulled Shep up, pushing him to safety. 

As he attempted to pull himself up as well, he was met with two clawed gray hands to the shoulder. The angel, with wings far larger than his own (even if one of them still had Shep's sword embedded in it), began pushing him down again. Lex watched as Shep grabbed Dyrnwyn from where he had set it, and shoved it through the angels long naked gray tail. It screeched louder than it had before, as the blade stuck him to the building. Without hesitation, Lex scurried up the Angels body as it flailed. Standing quickly, he grabbed his whip and wrapped it around the Angels thin neck, he pulled roughly, jerking it to the side quickly once it was tight. The snap was heard through the noise of the wind as the Angel's neck was broken. Relieved, both of the survivors fell down.

"Are you okay?" Shep asked, looking at the trail of drying blood from Lex's ears.

"Yeah, they stopped ringing," he scratched the side of his head.

"Hey," Shep said. Lex looked at him, waiting for him to speak. Shep only stared for a minute before standing and offering his hand. "Lets go back to the hotel, I want that lunch by the pool damn it," he smiled. Lex smiled back, and accepted the hand. "Feel like flying us down?" Shep joked. Lex laughed fakely.

"I think not," he laughed as he held the door open for his partner.

~~~~~~~~~~~~

"So what were you like before you became a Demon?" Shep asked, as he placed another package of creamer down.

"Pretty much the same. The only difference is that I had to lie about who I was before," Lex said, handing him a handful of sugar packets.

"What do you mean?" Shep pulled off another piece of gum from the glob in his mouth and stuck it to the end of a coffee stir-stick. 

"I was a priest's son, about to become a priest," Lex explained.

"Wow, really?" he frowned.

"Yeah. My father didn't approve of my 'homosexual urges' and thought I could just shrug them off. But the clubs always called to me..." Lex smiled. "Not quite as much as other guys cocks, but they did call to me," he winked.

"You're disgusting," SHep rolled his eyes. Lex smiled.

"I never got to see him, after I died that is. The big man downstairs said I could, but I was too chicken-shit I guess," he shrugged. "Done," he brushed off his hands and stood back.

"You realize we need a real hobby, right?" Shep said, leaning back on his hands as they looked at the model of the empire state building they had built out of creamer, sugar, stir-sticks, and a few packs of gum. 

"Ah, wait we forgot something," he smiled. He took out a fresh pack of gum and began unwrapping a few pieces. After a couple of minutes of molding it into the shape he wanted, he stuck it onto the side of the tower. Shep smiled as he looked at the body of the angel Lex had sculpted.

"You know he's not actually there right? He turned to yucky angel dust when I took my sword back," he wrinkled his nose.

"I know. But he's there in our hearts," Lex patted his bare muscled chest. Shep smiled and laughed weakly.

"Alright, come on you sex-offender," he said, grabbing his coat.

"Where are we headed?" Lex asked.

"To blaze a trail," Shep smiled wider.

"Blaze a trail? At three in the morning? Come on, Shep. Our flight doesn't leave until tomorrow afternoon," he grumbled, beginning to pack his bags anyways.

"Not that trail, sex-offender," Shep smiled.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"Oh, this trail," Lex gulped, as he stood in front of the church.

"Come on," Shep stepped forward.

"Well, you see..." Lex didn't move from his spot across the street. "Churches and I, we don't really-"

"Move it," Shep shoved him.

"Shep..." Lex said weakly. Shep stopped in front of the door, opening it.

"What's his name?" he asked.

"What?" Lex looked confused.

"Your dad, what's his name?" he repeated.

"Oh... uh... Father F-Francis," Shep could honestly say this was the first time he had seen Lex nervous or scared. Even in front of the Archangels he showed no fear. Maybe some pain, but not fear. Without a word, Shep entered the building.

"Can I help you, my son?" an old man walked towards Shep slowly.

"I'm looking for Father Francis. Shep felt uneasy in the old building. Lex hadn't been lying when he said he didn't work well with churches, but neither did Shep.

"I'm Father Francis, how can I help you?" he asked, confused. He looked as if he was trying to recognize Sheps face.

"You don't know me... my name is Shepherd... er... Shep," he said, after a moments hesitation. "I know your son," he said. A sad look crept over into his eyes.

"I'm sorry to tell you this, but he passed on quite a few years ago," Father Francis said sadly.
