 In August Stephen moved to Auckland to take up a fantastic career opportunity. Native to Newcastle, about 3 hours north of Sydney, Australia, he didn't know many people other than his colleagues, and while he found Auckland an interesting city, the evenings were lonely without anyone to spend them with.

Potential friends came and went, but the romantic side of life was extremely dry -- every woman he met was already with a partner. A month went by, then two, then three and he was feeling well down on his normal well balanced good time personality. 

That morning he'd gone to work expecting a long day followed by an evening at home watching crime drama. Twenty minutes after he'd arrived, Jasmine came up to his desk. She was one of the other key sales managers within the firm and they'd become firm friends since he moved over the Tasman. She was married (he'd figured that one out quickly) and lucky enough to have a husband who didn't have a jealous bone in his body. She leaned over the top of his cubicle's wall, "What you up to tonight?" she asked.

"I've got a date," he said with a grin, "She's short, about 2 foot high, square and extremely colourful, great communicator and turns on at the press of a button..."

She poked her tongue out at him. "Well, come out with me." she demanded, "Rob from procurement is having Paul and I over for dinner and he suggested we invite you. There's a couple of other people who'll be there from a volunteer organisation Rob and Paul are involved in and Jessie and Debs from accounts will be over."

Stephen mulled it over in his mind for a couple of moments. He didn't have anything planned and anything he wanted to watch could be taped if he was really keen. Those he knew well in the group were great fun and Rob and he had helped each other out in a work capacity from time to time. "Sure," he said, "What time and where?"

"Paul and I'll pick you up around 7 from your place...don't keep us waiting!" she said with a smile...

7pm

---

Right on the hour there was a knock on the door of his apartment. 

He'd dressed up a little more than he might for what was essentially a couple of work mates getting together for dinner -- one of his most up to date casual shirts with a pair of dress trousers and smart shoes -- black fabric from head to toe which suited him, and the particular trousers showed off his butt to best advantage. Not that the guest list he'd heard had included any single women...ah well, you never know.

As he approached the door there was another knock, this time sounding a little impatient. Hand on the doorknob he opened it to see Jasmine absolutely stunning. She was Fijian Indian by birth, and had beautiful dark chocolate skin, long hair, and a perfect figure -- hourglass, flat tummy, perfect butt and a 36D bust to die for. She was wearing a classic one piece black dress with a fairly low neckline which showed her cleavage to great effect...

She looked impatient...he was just a little stunned and gaped at her. "You...look...ummm...good enough to eat." he said, recovering from his initial verbal stumble. Her face lit up and she stepped close, pressing herself against him and wrapping her arms and a leg around him...

"Do I just," she said, lowering her lips to his ear, "...pity I'm such a good girl then isn't it?" she finished off, gently nipping his ear and moving apart.

"That," he said, sounding tense, "was cruel and unusual punishment."

"I know," she said with a feminine laugh. "Women are known for that." 

They walked to the lift and headed out to the car.

Midnight

--------

Paul and Jasmine wanted to head off, so Stephen said he'd catch a cab. The party had all but broken up, but he and Rob were talking about their shared interest in photography and they were enjoying themselves so much that Stephen didn't want to leave. The pair of them saw the young couple to the door, Jasmine kissing both of them on the cheeks as she left, grabbing a firm handful of butt as she did in full view of Paul. He simply rolled his eyes -- he knew what an outrageous flirt his wife was, without ever worrying it would be more than that -- some guys have all the luck thought Stephen.

They continued to talk over a couple of wines then Rob moved over to the french doors. He dimmed the lights and opened the doors -- the deck overlooked the whole cityscape and at this time of night looked fantastic. The conversation lulled for a moment as they took in the view, and then Stephen felt a hand on his knee...he turned and Rob was looking at him.

Awkwardly, Stephen put his hand on top of Rob's and stopped him... "I'm sorry," he said, "I'm not into guys" Rob moved his hand away, looking apologetic. "I apologise," he said, "I didn't know one way or the other whether you were, but we were getting on well enough to tempt me." 

"Not a problem," Stephen said, "I have been hit on by another man once before, and the guy and I became best mates, so consider it forgotten." He paused for a moment. "That said, and not wanting to sound like I'm asking you out on a date, there's a photography exhibition on in Titirangi this weekend -- want to come?"

"That'd be great," said Rob, relieved he hadn't scared him away... "Give me a call at work and let me know the time"

Time passes

-----------

Work ground on -- Jasmine and Paul still invited him over for dinner at least once a fortnight and Rob and he got together from time to time to talk photography or take in an exhibition around town -- they became good friends, initially around that shared interest, but eventually it was a case of "just good mates". 

His career continued to improve, but the love life stayed just as dry. He worked through the Easter break, then took a two month holiday to visit family back in Australia. 

As the year wore down, he'd despaired of finding a girl to spend time with or even to talk to from time to time. His career became his thing -- and he began to work longer hours just to avoid going home to his empty CBD apartment.

November rolled around and he entered a season of entertaining clients, work functions and industry get togethers -- they were fun and it was a great chance to get away from the dreary evenings his life had developed into. But, as work wound down for the year, he was dreading those couple of days where people caught up with loved ones -- Christmas through New Year -- as he had no-one to share this with this year. 

His first year in Auckland he'd headed home for Christmas, but this year it just wasn't in the budget for him to go back. Jasmine and Paul had left the city for the month to head south for the summer, and the rest of the crowd were also out of town with friends and family...then he remembered, the only exception to that was Rob. He picked up the phone.

The two of them spent Christmas Day and the days following together, going their separate ways each evening. New Year's Eve rolled around and they caught up again to see in the New Year. It was a great evening -- a couple of DVDs, some great NZ wine and great food. 

Midnight approached; Stephen suggested that they see it in on the deck -- that marvellous view was going all out this evening -- the sky was clear and the cityscape looked like a sea of emeralds, diamonds and rubies set on a black velvet background. The Sky Tower stood out particularly clearly, lighted in red and green as usual around this time of year. Rob had left the television on and they could hear the final countdown for the New Year starting...they joined in "5, 4, 3, 2, 1...HAPPY NEW YEAR!" they bellowed over the balcony. Fireworks went off around the tower, and then on impulse Stephen leaned into Rob and hugged him, then as he broke the embrace he stopped, then kissed him. 

For moments which seemed to go on forever their lips touched, and parted, breathing in each other. Rob pulled away. "Are you sure you want this?" he asked.

"To be totally honest, I don't really know," Stephen replied, "but I need to touch someone and to have someone touch me. I can't think of anyone better than the best friend I have on this patch of dirt."

Rob looked thoughtful -- he'd been attracted to Stephen since the first day they met and it had simply gained strength as they became close friends. "Come back inside for a minute before we do anything more," he said, leading Stephen to the couch. 

"Here's what I'd suggest," he said. "Whatever happens tonight is left as something for New Year, and if you like it, or want more, we can try for something more. In the meantime, this is just New Year's Eve, and things happen. If you're not interested after tonight, I'll never mention it again."

Stephen grinned, "What goes on tour stays on tour, eh?" he asked.

Grinning back, Rob replied, "Got it in one." He stood and dimmed the lights then sat back on the couch next to Stephen. They moved together and again, the lips touched...

Tongues gently began to explore each other, and Rob pulled Stephen in closer. Stephen collapsed backwards and lay down, with Rob beside him kissing and caressing his back, from shoulder to buttock. The touch of Rob's hand on his butt was getting Stephen turned on and he was fairly sure that Rob could feel it where they were...it embarrassed him a little but turned him on more. He started to run his hand up and down Rob's body, then slipped it under Rob's t-shirt to touch his skin...a soft gasp of pleasure was released, but Rob pulled back. "Do you want to take this into the bedroom?"

A pause. "Sure," he said. Rob stood and turned down the passage way.

They entered the one room in the house Stephen hadn't ever ventured into. It was plainly decorated, but tasteful, with rich colours on the walls -- a feature wall of a deep wine red with cream to offset it. The bed was queen size and had a wrought iron bed head clothed with linen the same red as the wall. Rob moved to the bed and pulled back the duvet, revealing the sheet, then turned to Stephen. "You can still back out," he offered.

"Not on your life," he grinned, "way too horny now," with a wink.

Rob stepped towards him, reaching out to unbutton the collared shirt which Stephen wore. One button at a time his chest was bared, then the shirt was pushed to the floor. Rob removed his own t-shirt, then pushed his jeans to the floor, standing in front of Stephen only wearing briefs and obviously fairly aroused himself. Hands pulled Stephen closer and his belt joined his shirt, his trousers following. Rob slipped his hands around Stephen's waist, pulling him closer as he slipped his hands inside Stephen's briefs to cup his buttocks. Feeling Rob's hardening cock through the thin layers of material, Stephen began to kiss him again.

They moved without separating and sat on the bed. Stephen pulled away to slip his legs under the covers, but as he did Rob removed the duvet altogether. "Ready to bare all?" Rob asked with a twinkle in his eye. "Yes," he replied.

Rob helped him swing around on the bed then slipped his fingers under the waistline of Stephen's briefs. Stephen propped up his butt and Rob slipped them off, tossing them on the floor. He turned to look at Stephen's naked body, then ran his fingertips up the side of Stephen's extremely hard cock...

Stephen gasped in pleasure...it was so long since someone else had touched him in that way. He just closed his eyes and shuddered in pleasure every time the gentle fingertips caressed him. He felt the bed move...eyes opening he saw Rob standing up, then slipping off his underwear -- his cock hard and ready to go.

Rob got back on the bed and lay next to Stephen, beginning to kiss this man he'd wanted for so long. His lips touched Stephen's, then he began to move down...cheek, neck, ears, collarbone, chest. He lingered on Stephen's nipples, kneeling over the top of his body. Stephen's cock was touching Rob's stomach, hard, sensitive...

He began to kiss his way down Stephen's stomach...well toned from the visits to the gym. He hardened his tongue and ran a line down the middle of his friend's thigh to his knee, then began to lick his way up Stephen's inside thigh.

Stephen pulled up his knees, spreading his legs apart. Rob moved his mouth and began to suck his balls into his mouth...Stephen let out a moan of pleasure...it had been so long.

Rob worked Stephen's balls for a few moments then hardened his tongue again and ran it up Stephen's shaft. Up, down, wrapping his lips around the side of this hard cock, sucking them off the side and then repeating this up and down the shaft. Stephen spread his legs as far apart as he was able and gently tangled his fingers in Rob's hair.

Tongue flicked across Stephen's cock just below it's head, where the skin was most sensitive. The head was licked, then sucked into Rob's mouth. Rob sucked his lips on and off the head of Stephen's cock, gradually taking more and more of Stephen's shaft into his mouth. Stephen was writhing in ecstasy...he hadn't been touched by another person for so long, and he was enjoying what Rob was doing intensely. 

Deeper and deeper into his mouth...harder and harder he panted in pleasure...he felt his orgasm building up and was going to cum...

"I'm going to cummmmm...." he moaned. Rob stopped for a moment and looked at him. "I'd be disappointed if you didn't." He smiled, then ran his tongue up the shaft of Stephen's hard cock again, then engulfed it with his mouth. Sucking, running his lips up and down Stephen's cock, Rob aimed to get an orgasm starting...tongue playing with the cock in his mouth, warm lips and mouth working hard on him...

Stephen felt the orgasm building up, and he tried to hold back, prolong the pleasure. It got too much...his orgasm burst into Rob's mouth, his hands still gently touching Rob's hair...the intensity was amazing...his legs felt weak, he let out a cry of pleasure...Rob sucked Stephen dry, the slipped his lips slowly off Stephen's cock.

Stephen slowly opened his eyes and saw Rob looking at him and smiling. "Enjoy?" he asked.

"Oh, yes..." he replied. "Thank you so much." 

Rob moved up the bed and lay next to Stephen...they kissed again and Stephen tasted his cum on Rob's lips. Rob began to speak, "You don't need to do anything for me," he said, "you're new to this..." 

Stephen put his finger on Rob's lips and silenced him... "I know I don't have to...I want to. Make love to me...I'm yours for the night." Rob looked at him carefully, "Are you sure?" Stephen smiled and nodded.

Rob moved off the bed and stood, and directed Stephen towards the edge. "If this is your first time, this'll be the easiest way," he explained, "I'll take it easy, and let me know if you're uncomfortable at all." 

Stephen was positioned with his butt on the edge of the bed, his feet propped up on the base. Rob got some lube out and was about to start putting it on when Stephen stopped him, then pulled him closer. Standing between Stephen's legs, he saw his friend duck his head down and flick his tongue across the head of his cock, then he spent a moment or two sucking the head. He stopped, reached for the bottle of lube and put a little on his hands, then took Rob in his hands and began to slick his cock with the sticky fluid...Rob took the bottle next then put some more on his head...

Rob lay him down, then lifted his feet up, hooking them on his shoulders -- Stephen had to admit that this felt more than a little weird. Rob moved his cock closer to Stephen's tight hole, until the tip touched him, then he moved up and down a little, making sure Stephen was lubed up himself. Then gently, he moved forward, parting Stephen's arse with his hard shaft...

Stephen gasped audibly...Rob stopped...Stephen said, "Keep...going...that's so...good..." Rob continued to push forward, stopping every few seconds to allow for comfort. Soon his shaft was buried inside Stephen, his balls just touching his friend's skin. He began to thrust...

Back and forth he moved, slowly at first. Each thrust wrenched a gasp of pleasure from Stephen's mouth, and he panted himself as he felt his orgasm beginning to build. Then it happened...hot cum spurted from him, and he thrust himself into Stephen as he felt his load blow...

Shortly afterward, he withdrew, then laid in the bed with Stephen once again. Knowing that this was a key moment to find out whether the whole experience had freaked Stephen out, he was cautious, lying down, then looking over at his friend, not knowing what to expect. Stephen reached up, pulled his face in and kissed him. "Shower?" he asked. "Sure...I'll get you a towel."

"Get us both a towel," Stephen replied, "You ARE joining me, aren't you?"

"Ya think?" he grinned.