 I don't know which hurt worse; The hard, cement floor beneath my bare knees, or the hard, invading cock that was pulverizing the inside of my mouth. I would shift my knees every few seconds to try and ease up the pain, but I couldn't stop the cock that jack-hammered against my gums, teeth, cheeks and the back of my throat. The edges of my mouth stung from being stretched. I'd swear my lips had split at the corners. I was unaccustomed to having my mouth opened so wide without being able to close it.

My face was being pounded. I knew that my lips were being bruised and would probably be swollen the next day. His pubic bone was relentless, pounding against my mouth, eventually my nose. My eyes watered at the impact. I didn't know if my nose began to drip blood or just snot. It was probably both; Blood from the trauma and snot from the sobbing.

His cock was a piston; Pounding against the inside of my mouth, not caring about being scraped over my teeth. On occasion he'd bury it deep and hold it against the back of my throat. I'd panic; His cock head blocking my airway. My fingers had to be painful gripping and clawing against the flesh of his naked, slender hips, but his own fingers held strong against my ears, nails digging into the tender skin, pulling my head towards him, not letting me escape and breathe until he was ready to.

I choked and sputtered when he'd finally pull out again, but I still wasn't able to free my mouth of the invasion. My chest ached from sobbing and struggling to breathe. My jaw ached and the muscle of my tongue was sore from fighting the monster in my mouth. His cock struck the back of my throat again, and I was unable to stop the vomit from coming up. My cheeks puffed as clear liquid escaped from around his cock and drooled down my chin. He laughed and pulled his cock completely out of my mouth, releasing my ears and stepping back, leaving me to fall forward on my hands. I heaved again and more, slimy liquid spewed from my abused mouth. I coughed and gagged, retching over and over.

How on earth did I get into this predicament? How was it that a 215 lb. man who stood over 6 feet tall was letting this wiry, skinny man abuse him this way? He couldn't have weighed over 160 lbs. dripping wet, and yet, I was helpless against him. My hands and feet weren't tied. I wasn't restrained in any way. But I was unable to resist his brutality and humiliation.

----------

The first incident happened about a month ago. I had some paperwork to catch on after work and didn't leave until most everyone else in the office had gone home. At 7 p.m. I leaned back in my office chair, stretching, deciding it was time to call it a day. The offending paperwork was put into my briefcase. I grabbed my jacket and the newspaper and headed for the elevator.

When the doors opened, there was another man in there. I paid little attention to him, as he was dressed similarly to myself; The uniform of the business man, suit and tie. It was a long ride down from the 23rd floor, so I busied myself with my newspaper, ignoring my travel partner.

'Boy, I'd sure love to fuck you up the ass'

I looked up, shocked at what I'd heard and just stared straight ahead. I pretended I hadn't heard and went back to pretending to read my paper. The elevator seemed to be traveling slower than usual.

'You've really got a nice ass. And I'll bet you'd love to have it stuffed full of cock, wouldn't you? I'll bet it's nice and tight...And from the looks of you, I'll bet you could milk my cock between those tight cheeks'

I was appalled at hearing such language...Such dialog. I slowly turned around with a sufficient look of disdain, hoping that the look I gave him would discourage him from saying anything else. But it didn't.

My abuser was a bit shorter than I was. And as I said, quite a bit more slender. But he had such a look of arrogance and fire. He smirked at me and continued with his diatribe.

'Mmmmmmm, I didn't get a good look at your mouth when you came in. I'll bet you suck a mean cock, too. I'll get you to suck my cock real good before I stuff it up your ass.'

He didn't laugh or imply in any way that he was just being crude, or just joking. I really didn't know what to make of it. I turned to him again and quietly stated that I wasn't interested in anything he had to offer, and would he please refrain from speaking in such a way to me. He laughed this time, but not in jest.

'Oh you're interested. I know your type. Closet cock whore. Don't worry, I'll have you begging for it in no time. In fact, why don't we do it now?'

With this, he leaned and punched the 5 button on the elevator wall.

Bewildered, I looked at him with a frown of confusion.

'What are you talking about? I'm in NO way interested in having ANYTHING to do with you!'

He ignored me and continued to tell me in so many words how he planned on using me sexually.

'There's a handicapped bathroom at the end of one of the hallways on the 5th floor. Nobody ever uses it, hell, not many people even know it's there. I've fucked lots of times in there. It'll be great. Come on!'

When the door opened on the 5th floor, I shook my head and quickly punched the 'door close' buttons, again telling him I wasn't interested and silently praying the rest of the ride would be peaceful. I didn't recognize this man from the building, and I wasn't sure what he was capable of.

----------

And here I was, a month later, on my knees before him. My pants were gathered at my ankles around my shoes. My jacket lay tossed aside on the dirty floor. My shirt disheveled. I wiped at my nose with the back of my hand and pulled it away covered with blood from my nose. I looked down and saw that my blood had dripped onto my dress shirt and now-loosened tie. I managed to kneel up and sit back on my heels. My chest was still heaving and I couldn't stop crying, even though my mouth was now free of his cock. 

His cock... It jutted before me. He was completely naked. His own clothes folded neatly and draped over the sink. He reached for me, his fingers curling to grip my hair. I began to sob again and shook my head, trying to struggle to get away. But I didn't. I knelt there and let him stroke my hair. His fingers suddenly tightened their grip and he pulled me forward. I shuffled my knees painfully on the hard floor, dragging my pants through my own body fluids and lord knows what other fluids were on the floor. I was shamefully unclothed from the waist down, which seemed somewhat more vulnerable than being fully naked.

He crooned softly and shushed me. His fingers remained curled in my hair, while his other hand gripped the base of his cock. He pressed the tip against my lips and commanded me

'Suck it, bitch. Take my cock head in your lips and suck it. Savor it like it's the most delicious thing you've ever tasted'

I began to sob more. The tears rolled from my eyes. I shook my head gently, but I parted my lips and leaned to take the glans of his penis between my lips. With only this, small portion, I was able to better taste the fluid that dripped from his piss slit. It was salty and foreign to me. I gagged at the flavor. He laughed and pulled his cock from my mouth. He slapped my face with it gently. He slapped me again. I did nothing but kneel there and take it.

There was an image in my head of my 10 year old son. He was scoring a goal at his last soccer game. He was all boy. Rough and tumble, and he idolized his dad. What would he do if he could see me willingly take this man's cock between my lips and suck it? What would he do if he could see me, half naked on my knees, being another man's bitch? I shivered at the thought and struggled to take the cock in my lips and suck on it. The man groaned appreciatively, murmuring approval and encouragement. I sucked. I licked. I fought to keep from gagging again, not wanting to repeat the vomitting episode.

He pulled his cock from my lips and traced them with it. He jerked my head back and told me to open my mouth and stick out my tongue. I did. He dragged the length of his cock against my extended tongue. I sobbed quietly and tasted him.

----------

That first day in the elevator ended quietly. When the elevator reached the lobby, he laughed quietly to himself and departed without further incident. I walked to my car and drove home, disturbed by the event and tried to put it out of my mind. But that night, I dreamed of struggling against a faceless man prying my legs open and sliding an abnormally large penis into my ass. I woke up in a wet spot.

About a week later, I was again working late, and again, left work after the office was nearly empty. I began to get a bit anxious as I waited for the elevator, and sure enough when the doors opened, it was empty..Save for my tormentor with an evil grin on his face.

I stepped into the elevator with him. I don't know why. I think I wanted to show him that his taunts didn't affect me. That I was a bigger man than he was. I tried to ignore him as he again told me the many different ways he was going to fuck me. How he was going to force his cock down my throat. He described these ideas to me the entire ride down, this time bypassing the 5th floor, but promising again that it would happen.

I shivered when we finally parted company, visibly shaken. That night while I made love to my wife, I fantasized about being taken in a dark alley by a bigger, stronger man.

----------

After he coated my tongue with his precum that his penis was so generously spewing, he rose up onto his toes and pulled my face against his balls.

'Kiss them. Suck them. Adore my balls with your mouth, you fucking whore.'

I winced at the remark, but I kissed his testicles. I buried my face in them. Nuzzled my nose in the warm flesh and smelled the muskiness of him. I opened my sore mouth and took one and then the other inside, suckling like a baby at his mother's teet.

Another image flashed in my mind. Sparring at my gym with my Tae Kwon Do partner. We were both 2nd degree black belts. I could break cinder blocks with my fist. Yet here I was, nuzzling the scrotum of another man. I was crying like a baby. Whimpering resistance. My mind screamed no no no, but my mouth ate at him hungrily. What would my sparring partner say if he could see me like this? Eating a man's balls, grinding my face against his dripping cock while I did so? My own cock hard and quivering against my stained dress shirt?

My tormentor must have sensed my inner turmoil. He laughed softly at me eagerness and gently pushed my head back.

'Suck it again, cock whore.'

He rammed his cock brutally between my lips, smashing them against my teeth until I opened willingly. My lips stretched again over his taught skin. My jaw screamed in protest. But I opened. I let him pummel the inside of my mouth with his cock. I imagined how my face must look...Like a squirrel storing nuts for the winter..My own cheeks stuffed with his cock. I sobbed and struggled to suck and lick, but he plunged in and out of me too fast. My hands grasped for his hips, struggling to hold him still.

----------

The next elevator incident had been much of the same. He seemed to know when I worked late, and he was again waiting for me. I made no effort to take the stairs, or leave by the service elevator. I was going to show him that he didn't affect me if it was the last thing I did. He continued to taunt me with how I must be a good fuck and a natural cocksucker. I finally lost control and screamed at him to shut up. He laughed at me again and said

'What are you gonna do? Tell on me? Aww, the poor big muscle head got his widdle feelings hurt cuz someone talked dirty?? Do you think management will be able to even listen to you with a straight face??'

He smirked and I blushed, realizing he was right. I turned away from him, again determined to ignore him. The rest of the ride was uneventful, and again we parted ways in the lobby. Him laughing softly. Me, shaking violently.

At home that night I jerked off in the shower, imagining the taste of cock in my mouth. I even tried a taste of my own cum and wrinkled my nose in displeasure at the flavor of it. Yet, I scooped up another splatter of my semen from the shower wall and ate that, too.

----------

He was relentless in drilling my mouth. His cock was so hard, I couldn't believe he hadn't cum yet.

'Suck it good, you fucking cock whore. You'd better get it nice and wet, because that's the only lube your ass is getting'

I whimpered at that remark and did my best to activate my salivary glands more. Not that they needed it. I was already drooling like an idiot. My shirt wet from it, as well as my blood. He jerked his cock suddenly from my mouth and announced that I was ready to be fucked. The impact of that declaration hit me in such a manner that my face screwed up and I began to sob harder, shaking my head. This time, I was able to resist. I dropped to all fours and turned, trying to scramble away on my hands and knees, baring my naked ass to him.

He laughed and reached down, gathering the bunched dress pants and underwear between my ankles. He yanked sharply on them and pulled me right off my knees. I landed hard on that cold, wet floor. The impact slammed my body on top of my cock. I winced in pain. He somehow managed to flip me over onto my back and pulled my pants and underwear completely from my legs, tossing them aside. I was now clothed only in my tattered dress shirt and tie and my socks and shoes. I'd never felt more vulnerable in my life.

Another image flashed in my head; That of my 14 year old daughter, giggling with all her girlfriends, talking about their latest crushes. Her daddy protected her from everything. What would she say if she could see her daddy now, flat on his back with his cock hard because of the torments of another man. His nose bloody, his lips swollen from being battered by cock, his eyes red and puffy from tears. What would she say if she saw that her daddy barely resisted??

----------

There were a few more elevator incidents. Each tirade grew more raunchy than before. My ears were probably red each time, the shame that I had, listening and saying nothing more against his taunts. Each time I left the elevator, nauseous and shaking, and each night my fantasies were filled with cock filling my orifices. I had never cum harder in my life.

----------

As I lay on that bathroom floor, flat on my back, the irony continued to overwhelm me. I outweighed this guy by at least 50 lbs. I was a trained martial artist. I worked out at the gym at least 5 days a week. He had muscle, but he was wiry and lean. More of a runner than a gym rat. His grin made me blush like a school girl as he pried my legs open. I turned my head to the side and began to cry again, sobbing protests, but doing nothing to stop him.

He pushed my legs back far, causing me to roll upwards onto my shoulders. The cement floor was unforgiving. My muscles protested but did not disobey. My legs held themselves open as he knelt between them and pressed the head of his cock against the tight hole of my rectum.

As I lay there on the floor, frozen in the disbelief that I was letting another man fuck me, another image flashed through my mind. It was that of my wife, in church. She was singing the religious hymns, clapping her hands. Listening to the preacher speak against the evils of homosexuality. It was an abomination for a man to lie with another man.

What would my wife say if she could see me now, my legs spread and held open willingly while I allowed another man to stuff his cock into my ass? What would she say as I didn't push this man from me..Didn't beat him. Didn't knock him to the ground and run away from there. What would she say if she knew that I came with him willingly to this place and allowed him to fuck me?

----------

I worked late again today. And again, he waited for me. I knew he'd be waiting, and still, I stayed late. This time, he was quiet, but as the elevator descended, I held my breath..Shaking. I suddenly felt pressure against my ass cheeks. Shocked, I jumped and turned around. My tormentor had his cock out of his pants and was pressing it against me. I stuttered and stammered. I backed away from him, pressing myself against the door. He followed, and leaned over to press the button to the fifth floor. I shook my head quietly, and he pressed against me again, grinding his naked cock against my own clothed one. I couldn't help that it strained against its confinement of garment, pressing against his. I couldn't help myself when the door opened on the fifth floor and he pushed me out into the hall. I stumbled out into the empty landing as he zipped himself back up again. His face wore that same evil grin it always did. 

He half pushed, half dragged me down a couple of halls. I slightly dragged my feet, quietly whimpering protests. I could have easily freed myself. But I didn't. When we got to the abandoned bathroom, his fingers gripped tightly around my wrist and he pulled me inside. I could have yanked myself free and ran away. But I stood there while he pulled my belt free from the loops. I stood there while he unzipped my pants and shoved them down my legs. I didn't struggle a bit while he freed my hard and dripping cock from my underwear and pushed them down my legs as well to mingle with the pants around my ankles.

This 160 lb. man pushed a 215 lb. man to his knees with a simple hand to his shoulders. The tears came immediately, but I was frozen there, doing everything he asked of me. I tasted his cock. I slurped his balls. And now, he was forcing that cock up my ass.

I half grunted, half screamed as the glans pushed past the sphincter muscles and opened me up. My legs didn't waver. They stayed open for him. I couldn't bring myself to look up into his face. I kept my head to the side, snuffling and sniffing, sobbing steadily. I gasped harshly and grunted again as his cock slid in further. He moved slowly and steadily, letting the weight of his body lean into me and push himself inside. I have never felt so invaded and stuffed. I have never felt so ashamed and vulnerable. My shirt was pushed up to my chest, exposing my belly. My tie was still around my neck, askew. Both were drenched in sweat, drool, precum, and whatever else was on the bathroom floor.

I began to pant steadily as he slowly buried himself deeper. It seemed an eternity until I felt the skin of his hips against me, and then I realized. I am being fucked. There is a cock in my ass, and I am being fucked by it.

He must have read my mind, because he grinned.

'You're my fucking cock whore, aren't you? Your ass has been hungry for my cock from day one, and you fucking know it. I own you. You're mine. I've claimed you by fucking you'

I let out a loud sobbed and shook my head yet again. I tried to shift slightly. The concrete floor was killing my back, as I was curved awkwardly against it. The shift only let me feel the immensity of the member invading me. My inner muscles worked at him and he groaned in pleasure. I keened quietly as he begin to pull out slowly and work himself back inside me.

I reached up and held my legs open for him. My muscles were beginning to fail me, and they needed help. I spread my legs wide, feeling shame and humiliation at my predicament. But that didn't get me to try to clamp my legs shut or push him away.

He crooned softly at me, almost humming. I looked at him from the corner of my eyes and saw the expression on his face. It was one of ecstasy. He began to rock back and forth a bit faster; Emptying me and filling me up again. My sounds alternated between squeals, gasps and grunts.

My rectum was tortured at being stretched. It had never been invaded with a foreign object. The skin stung with being pulled so taut. My internal organs felt as if they'd been reorganized to make room for his invading cock. The pain was almost too great to bear. The tears remained and stayed steady.
