 Being gay and a golfer would be easier if I were a woman. There doesn't seem to be a shortage of lesbian players around, but gay men and golf doesn't mix for some reason. But I love to play the game, and I always walk. It makes for great exercise and carrying my clubs up and down the hills does wonders for my legs.

I would have to say that my legs are my best feature. They are long and lean. I'm 6 foot, but only around 160 pounds. Far from masculine, and I enjoy being a bottom. But one advantage my frame allows is a long swing and I can hit the ball a ton. But as the old saying goes 'You drive for show and putt for dough.' My short game leaves a lot to be desired, but I have always enjoyed playing golf and when I do get the wedge and putter going I can post some low numbers.

My job allows me to play in the middle of the week. I work until noon on Thursdays, and again until noon on Saturdays. It works out very well. Having the afternoons off in the middle of the week breaks up the monotony, and going in on Saturday morning is not a problem. I work as a payroll analyst and being in the office alone is very peaceful.

As I said earlier, I am not masculine. Not a flaming cross dresser, but I do enjoy wearing something a little softer. As I see it, my sexuality is my business, and as long as I don't advertise it no one is going to hassle me. So if I can wear something a little racy and pink underneath when I'm at work I don't see anything that should be stopping me.

When I'm out on the course I love wearing a thong. It feels like I don't have anything at all on underneath. But I do wonder what would happen if some of my fellow golfers found out my little secret. Golf is a game where it is just you against the course, but it is also a social game where playing with other people makes the game that much better.

This particular Thursday afternoon I was looking forward to getting out to the course to play. It was absolutely beautiful. Sunny, with clear blue skies and around 78 degrees. I'm normally a fair skinned guy but since I am out in the sun so much I have a nice tan. And time in the tanning booth evens it out all over. I have a membership and after signing in at the pro shop I headed to the practice green. As I was trying to get my short game I noticed a guy head up from the parking lot. He was gorgeous. Brown hair, about 6'2, and nice legs as well. But this is a golf course. There is no way he is gay, so I may as well put that out of my mind.

As I approached the 1st tee I noticed that he was heading that way too. Looks like he was going to be my playing partner for the day. Having to look at him was going to make it tough to concentrate on golf today. He walked up and extended his hand.

"I'm David. They told me inside you are a single as well. Care for some company today?"

"Not at all. I'm Mark. Nice to meet you, David." 

I'm pretty sure he caught me staring but once again I just put it out of my head. It looked like we had a wait as there was a threesome in front of us, but since they were riding they shouldn't hold us up. As we were waiting David broke the ice.

"This is my first time here. Do you know the way around?"

"I'm a member. And it's easy. Just follow the cart path. You play much?

"Normally Saturdays and Sundays back home, but my new job brought me here. I'm starting on Monday and I wanted to get as much golf in as possible."

Turns out we are about the same on the course. Both of us carry a 7 handicap, and David has gotten to play more than me lately. So I figured a friendly wager was in order.

"If you feel up to it, playing a course for the first time, wanna play for drinks at the 19th Hole?"

David gave me a sly grin. "Are you trying to hustle me?"

I just grinned back. "If I was, you would never know what hit you."

We decided to play for a Beer Nassau. One beer for the score on the front nine, one beer for the back, and one for the full 18. We finally got a chance to tee off, and David hit first. I must say that he has excellent form, and he can swing the club well too. It was going to be a lot of fun, and I'm sure the 3 beers I was going to lose at the end of the day was going to be worth it.

We made our way around and I was having as much fun as I ever had. Yes, he was gorgeous, but also one of the nicest guys I've met. He just moved to the area, was single, never married and no kids. The thought of asking him about his sexuality was never a concern. If mine is not up for discussion, then his shouldn't be either.

We made our way around, and our scores were close. I bogeyed the 8th hole, and lost the front side by 1. I was beginning to believe that those 3 beers were lost for good but I birdied the 16th and 17th holes and halved the back. Considering that looking at David all day was more important to me than what I shot I'd have to say that losing by 1 shot and only having to settle up for 2 beers was a successful day.

As we were sitting at the bar I caught myself staring at David. Because I caught him staring at me. Awkward pauses are aptly named. Could I be so lucky that he was gay AND attracted to me? I soon found out. David broke the silence.

"Since we seem to be finished at the 19th Hole, want to continue with dinner at the 20th Hole. My place is just down the road form here about a mile or so."

I just smiled and said "I'd love to."

I got in my car and followed David to his place. He had a very nice house in a new subdivision, and it didn't look like there were too many neighbors around. I walked up behind him to the door and as he opened it and I entered, he closed the door and kissed me. Our tongues soon met and the passion was like I've never felt before. I felt his hands move over my back and down to my ass. He pulled me close and I could feel the growing bulge in his shorts. I could not wait any longer to have him. We broke our kiss and I asked "When did you know I was gay?'

David gave a little chuckle. "On the 3rd tee. I caught a glimpse of you pink thong as you bent over to tee up."

I think I must have turned 6 shades of red. But David gently brushed my cheek and it helped to settle me down. 

"When I saw the thong, and knowing that a straight man wouldn't be wearing that on a golf course, I wanted you then. I don't know how I played as well as I did."

David took my hand, and led me through the living room. He made a path to the bathroom and said "I think we could both use a shower now."

David moved his hands up underneath my shirt and lifted it off. As he did his hands caught my nipples with his thumbs and I felt like I was on fire. I pulled his shirt off and looked at the Adonis that was before me. His physique was perfect. It didn't seem to have any flaws, and I could not wait to explore every inch of him.

He reached down and pulled my shorts off, leaving me only in my pink thong. I go tout of my socks and was ready to take my panties off and he said "No, not yet." He took a step back and removed the rest of his clothes. His cock was beautiful. 9 inches long, thick and perfectly straight. We stood there completely nude, except for my pink thong. David walked up and put his arms around me. He then whispered "Mark, will you be my girl?"

"Yes, David. I'm your girl."

He then hooked his thumbs around the waistband of the thong and slowly pulled them down. When they were at my knees he let them fall to my ankles, and I kicked the away. We climbed into the shower and soon the hot water enveloped us. He held me close and kissed me again. The heat from the shower was nothing compared to the heat we were generating. My hands made their way to his cock, and I had to have him. One thing I've always wanted to do was suck a cock in a shower. I kissed my way down his chest, and in no time I had his cock in front of me. I kissed the head, and slowly swirled my tongue around it. I heard a soft moan escape from David, and I was ready. I took him in and worked my way up his shaft. David put his hands behind head and pulled me closer. As big as he is I had no trouble taking it all in. Soon I had my nose buried in his pubic hair, and I started to work up and down. David started to buck, and he was fucking my mouth with abandon. I could sense his orgasm building, and grabbing his ass I pulled him towards me as I took him all the way down. 

I never thought he would stop cumming. And I don't know how I kept from spilling any of his juice. I pulled off him, and licked the cum off of his cock. I stood back up and kissed him again. We cleaned each other from top to bottom, and the feeling of his hands moving over me was almost too much to handle. When he reached for my 6" cock and began to stroke it I came all over the side of the shower.

We got out and dried each other off. David led me to his bed, and I was ready for him. I laid down on my back and my legs instinctively spread open for my lover. David got on top and reached for some lube he had in a dresser next to the bed. After working it in my ass and over his cock he placed the head at my entrance. I looked up at David and said "I want you." With that he entered me with one full thrust. I don't think I've ever been so filled with another man's cock, and I wanted it to last all day long. David picked up the pace, and he would pull back to the head and fuck me with long strokes. I could hear the lust in his voice.

"God, you are so tight Mark. Your ass feels so good. I've wanted to fuck you all day long."

I wrapped my legs around him like the girl I am, and I was meeting his thrusts by bucking back at him. I was in heaven and once again I could sense that David was about to cum. He picked up the pace and was fucking me harder and harder. With one full thrust me buried himself in to the hilt and I could feel his seed pouring into me. His cock was now covered in his own cum with the lube and he kept fucking me hard. I could not believe that after cumming for the second time in just a short while that he could stay so hard. 

After he emptied his cum in my ass, David pulled out and kissed me. This time it was a soft kiss that only lovers share. We held each other close, and fell asleep together. When we woke I could feel David getting hard again. This time I climbed on top and straddled his cock. I lowered myself on his rock hard shaft, and he slid completely inside of me. I fucked his cock like there was no tomorrow. After a while I felt my own orgasm building and I came the same time as David. I never felt the ecstasy of simultaneous orgasms, and when it happened I knew this was the man I wanted to be with.

We finally got out of bed and showered again. This time David took me from behind and fucked me till my legs gave out. When we got out of the shower for the second time I looked at the clock and it was 11:30 pm. I looked at David and he said "It's a little late for dinner. Want to settle for breakfast in the morning?" I had scrambled eggs, bacon and orange juice.