 It was Friday night and the music was blaring from the townhouse. Ryan stood in the middle of the crowd. His friends, Dave, John, Chris, and Jake, all surrounded him, laughing and drinking. Ryan pulled the red plastic cup in his hand up to his red lips. 

Ryan was a ten...and he was well aware of it. He stood at about 6 feet tall. He had the perfect pecks, hard six-pack, and toned body. He had brown eyes and a crew cut. And he had a meaty, nine inch dick. Ryan wasn't one to take things for granted. He had always been thankful he was a ten. From time to time he would think about the benefits it allowed him. 

1) He could make inappropriate comments to girls and have them taken as a compliment. 

2) At a bar, girls would typically buy him drinks.

3) He always got invited to the biggest parties.

But there was one perk in particular on his mind at the moment, "He could date other tens."

She was on the other side of the room, next to a counter holding most of the beverages. Her blond hair flowed just past her shoulder line. Her lightly tanned skin looked milky smooth, even from a distance. Her white teeth beamed as she smiled. Ryan's eyes dropped. She had to have some of the biggest tits he'd ever seen...even if she didn't display them well. The shirt she was wearing showed zero cleavage. But they couldn't be restrained. Ryan licked his lips as he made his way across the busy room, leaving his friends wondering what he was up to.

"Hey," Ryan greeted, smiling.

"Hi," Lauren answered. The guy in front of her was stunning. As he smiled, Lauren couldn't help but smile back.

As it turned out the two had a lot in common. 

*** A FEW DAYS LATER

"I had a good time," Lauren smiled. Ryan smiled back as the two stood outside of her apartment building. "Why don't you come up for a little?"

"Sure," Ryan replied, as he followed Lauren into the building. 

"I always take the steps," Lauren informed, as Ryan followed her up to the fourth floor.

Once inside the apartment, Lauren continued, "I wanted to talk with you."

Ryan grimaced, as Lauren closed the door, "talk?"

He quickly switched back to a smile as the two sat on a light blue over-sized sofa.

"Sure," Ryan said, "What's up?"

"I know we've only been out twice, but I don't want to mislead you," Lauren began. "I had fun today and yesterday and I like you a lot. But I have a few rules I live by and one of them applies to us. I don't believe in having sex in the first six months of a relationship."

Lauren paused, as Ryan tried to hide his surprise...but he was surprised. 

Lauren continued, "I completely understand that you're a 22-year-old, horny guy. So if you want to part ways I completely get it. But I wanted to be honest with you now and not string you along for a bunch of dates. Now I want you to leave, and it's completely up to you if you call me again or not. Either way, I had fun."

Ryan sat, expecting her to say more. But she didn't, she just smiled. Ryan slowly got up and left the apartment. 

Back at his apartment, Ryan did quickly consider Lauren's choice. 

"Six months?" he mumbled. It just seemed like such a long time. But on the other hand, he did get it. He completely understood. She did it to protect herself against guys that only wanted sex. She did it to protect herself against -- him. But she was different. Yes, they had only been out twice, but Ryan really like her. She was sexy, smart, and forward. He loved the fact she always was very upfront with him.

Ryan reached his arm out and grabbed his cell phone.

*** ONE WEEK LATER

Ryan approached Lauren's apartment, as the door swung open. A younger, thin guy came out. "Hey," he said.

"Hi," Ryan said, surprised. Lauren appeared in the doorway a second later.

"Ryan!" She greeted, as she moved in and hugged him.

"This is Casey," she introduced.

The two exchanged hellos and Casey continued on his way.

"I'll be ready in two minutes," Lauren said, ducking back into the apartment, as Ryan followed. 

"So what were you two up to?" Ryan asked casually.

"Talking."

"So you're like...friends?"

Lauren turned, giving Ryan a look, "Yeah, he's my best friend...since like fourth grade."

"Casey," she emphasized, "Casey."

"Oh, right," Ryan realized she had mentioned the name a few times, "When you said Casey, I just pictured a girl."

"Ohhh," Lauren said, turning her attention back to her hair.

"Can you keep a secret?"

"Sure."

"He's gay," Lauren spilled, "so don't worry about him."

"Oh, cool," Ryan said aloud. "Cool?" he thought to himself.

"I mean, it's no problem," Ryan corrected.

"Actually, I feel kind of bad for him," Lauren added, "He's so afraid to make a move on another guy."

"Yeah," Ryan said, "That must be tough."

*** TWO WEEKS LATER

Lauren and Ryan laid on Lauren's bed watching TV. Ryan was feeling especially horny.

"You know that six month rule of yours," Ryan reminded.

"Yeah," Lauren said.

"Six months is a REALLY long time."

Lauren laughed and the room became silent again.

"Hm," Lauren mumbled softly, "Hmmmm."

"What?" Ryan said, turning his head in her direction.

"An interesting thought just came to me," Lauren explained, "Remember Casey?"

"Yeah."

"Well, he has a huge crush on his roommate...I forget his name."

"So?" Ryan questioned, not seeing any connection.

"His roommate is bi or gay or something...apparently he was seeing another guy for a little, but they broke up or something."

"You're at risk for loosing me," Ryan warned, he loved being direct with Lauren.

She laughed. "Okay," Lauren focused, "I want you to go over to their dorm and get them to have sex with each other."

"What?" Ryan blurted, "You can't be serious." 

"Hear me out," Lauren continued, "I'll tell Casey that you were evicted from your apartment and you need a place to stay. He'll let you stay with him. It will be the three of you. You know all the ins-and-outs of hooking up; you just have to guide them in the right direction."

"Why would I be evicted?" Ryan questioned.

"Who cares?" 

"Why wouldn't I just move in with you?"

"I wouldn't let you. He knows about the six month rule...he actually thinks its stupid...but anyway he'll buy it."

"Hm," Ryan sat up, looking Lauren in the eyes, "What do I get out of this?"

"You," Lauren thought, "get to bypass the rule."

"I'm in," Ryan agreed.

*** A FEW DAYS LATER

Ryan laid back against the futon. His college t-shirt, oversized gym shorts, and boxers underneath, certainly made him feel comfortable. Billy watched the TV from the lower bunk bed. The freshman had short, blond hair and blues eyes. He was probably about 5'10 with a toned build. Lauren's best friend and his roommate, Casey, sat on the top bunk bed. He was thin, with black hair, which curled at the ends. He had a small, carefully shaved patch on hair on his chin. Casey definitely seemed shy. He was cute, but not a ten. Ryan quickly understood why he was having trouble.

"Hey," Ryan began, "Why don't we skip this crappy movie and watch some porn?"

Billy and Casey quickly looked in Ryan's direction, taken off guard by their guest's suggestion.

"Porn?" Billy asked.

"Yeah," Ryan repeated, showing his winning smile, "You guys do like porn, don't you?"

"Hell ya," Billy said, after a short pause.

"Yeah," Casey replied more meekly, after Billy.

"Cool," Ryan said, as he got up and pulled a DVD out of his book bag. Ryan put the DVD in and hit play. After a little bit of fast forwarding, the three of them were watching a guy and girl making out.

"Beautiful tits," Ryan said, as the guy stripped the shirt off of the girl.

"Yeah."

"Yeah." Billy and Casey quickly agreed.

After a few more seconds Ryan chose his words carefully and directed, "Casey, why don't you come down here, join us. Just sit on the lower bunk."

Casey followed Ryan's suggestion and moved down to the lower bunk, sitting a few feet away from Billy.

Ryan smiled looking back to the porn. "Cake," he thought.

After a few minutes, the guy's dick was released and the girl began blowing him. 

"Geez," Ryan said, looking over at the two while trying to act surprised. "Could you two wear more restrictive clothing?"

Billy and Casey looked down at themselves. Both were wearing blue jeans. Casey had on a long-sleeve shirt, while Billy was wearing just a white t-shirt. 

"You both should lose the pants," Ryan offered, "After all, we're all dudes. My college roommate and I did it all the time." Ryan held back a giant grin, so what if he had never went to college?

Billy moved his hands towards his pants and unbuttoned the fly. Casey was quick to mimic every move his roommate made. First, the pants came off, and then Billy's briefs and Casey's boxers. Both boys were already hard. Billy's seven-inch dick definitely had an impressive thickness to it. On the other hand, Casey's hard-on was a little longer, maybe seven-and-a-half inches and thin.

Ryan's eyes went back to the porn. It was one of his favorites; he could feel himself filling out his shorts. 

"It's okay to play with yourself," Ryan assured, "it is porn."

Billy smiled, and gently pulled on his boner. Casey was a little more discrete, as he let his shirt cover his hand and the top half of his bone. 

After another minute, Ryan continued, "you know, it feels a lot better when you give another guy a hand."

Casey stopped his under-the-shirt movements, and waited to see Billy's next move.

"Aren't you going to strip?" Billy countered, suspiciously.

"Huh?" Ryan said, surprised.

"I mean it's kind of weird for us to be playing around, while you watch with all your clothes on," Billy asserted.

"No problem," Ryan quickly answered, he certainly didn't want to come off as creepy.

"It's getting a little tight in here anyway," he said, making sure to smile, as he pulled off his shirt, shorts, and boxers.

"Shit, dude," Billy remarked, as Ryan released his thick, nine inch rocket.

"Nice," Casey said, quietly.

"Thanks," Ryan replied, giving his monster a few tugs.

"I'm telling you guys," Ryan tried again, "someone else's dick in your hand feels good."

Ryan glanced over to see Billy stand up and move in his direction.

Ryan sat up, "Whoa! Where you going?"

"You said it would feel good?" Billy stated, confused.

"Right, well..." Ryan fished. "What the hell do I say without ruining the whole plan?" he thought to himself.

"Just that," Ryan explained, "you and Casey are sitting right next to each other."

"Oh, I know," Billy confirmed. Ryan initially let out a breath, before Billy began moving closer again. "But yours looks amazing."

There was nothing Ryan could do, he watched as Billy sat on the edge of the futon, grabbing his dick with his hand. Billy gave Ryan's dick some slow, long strokes followed by some quick ones. Then, Billy looked over at Casey, "You have to feel this."

Casey sat on the other side of Ryan's dick, as Billy let go of it. Casey grabbed a hold and rubbed his hand and fingers up and down Ryan's long shaft. 

"It's so big..." Billy informed, "that we can jerk it at the same time." With that Billy wrapped his fist around the bottom half of Ryan's dick, while Casey took the top half. 

"What the fuck?" Ryan thought to himself, as he took a breath and sat up in between the two boys.

He pushed their hands away, almost too quickly, as he offered, "It feels a lot better when someone sucks your dick. Casey, why don't you give it a try with Billy's dick?"

"Can't I try with yours?" Casey asked Ryan, meekly.

But before Ryan could answer, Billy jumped in. "Sure, you can!" Billy answered, as he grabbed the base of Ryan's dick and pointed it in Casey's direction.

Ryan watched, annoyed, as Casey moved in. Still an inch or so away, Casey stuck out his tongue and barely licked the head of Ryan's dick. Then Casey continued to randomly lick spots along his shaft.

Ryan watched in disbelief. "That's not really the best way to go about it," Ryan said.

"Yeah," Billy confirmed, pushing Casey away, "You have to suck it, like this." Billy moved in and wrapped his lips around the head of Ryan dick, gently moving them along his head.

"Really?" Ryan thought to himself, "These two MUST be virgins..."

"No," Ryan said, aloud, pushing Billy back, "You have to suck it like you mean it."

"Well, if you're such an expert, show us," Billy shot back.

"Fine," Ryan said, not willing to let them go on thinking THAT was how you suck a dick.

Ryan knelt on the floor, bending over Casey's crotch. Slowly, he took Casey's head in his mouth and ran his lips over his shaft. Casey and Billy watched, as Ryan gulped down his entire dick.

"Oh, shit," Casey moaned, as Ryan pulled back his mouth and then deep throated him again.

Billy got down on the floor next to Ryan so he could watch close-up. As Ryan gulped down Casey's dick, Billy yanked on his thick manhood.

Ryan blew Casey for a few more minutes until his dick was rock hard.

"That's how it's done," Ryan informed. 

"Do that to me," Billy said, sitting back on the futon.

"Well --" Ryan began, before Billy cut him off.

"You can't do that to him and not me!"

"Okay, okay," Ryan appeased. Ryan sent his mouth down Billy's meatier dick, moving down his shaft until his nose pushed into his pubes. 

"Oh, fuck yeah," Billy moaned, leaning back as Ryan swallowed him down.

Casey got down on the floor to get some practice on Ryan's cock. Casey gulped down a few inches, but quickly realized it wasn't as easy as Ryan was making it seem.

"Shit," Ryan thought to himself, as he worked on Billy's cock, "Casey's not half-bad."

"Okay," Ryan said, sitting up on the bed, as Casey and Billy sat down on either side of him. "I guess you guys get the idea?"

"Yeah," Casey and Billy both confirmed.

"I bet girls really like your cock," Billy said.

"Yeah," Ryan answered, "I've never gotten a complaint."

"Do they like getting fucked by it?"

"Absolutely."

"Can you fuck me?" Billy asked, looking right at Ryan.

"What?" Ryan asked.

"Please," Billy begged, "I want to see what it feels like."

"Dude," Ryan protested, "My junk wouldn't fit in that tight ass of yours."

"Come on," Billy continued, as went over to his desk drawer, and handed a bottle of lube to Ryan.

"Okay," Ryan said. He had to admit that Billy's ass did look tempting.

"Can you fuck me too?" Casey asked.

"Fine," Ryan agreed, giving up on any plan he had made for the day.

"Let's do it doggie," Billy suggested, turning towards the dorm wall on all fours, pushing his ass out to the edge of the futon. Casey followed, getting on all fours right next to Billy.

Ryan lubed up his cock and grabbed onto Billy's sides. Then slowly, he shoved it past Billy's anus.

"OH, Fuck!" Billy yelled, as Ryan forced a few thick inches inside him. Ryan didn't waste any time in pumping his meat in and out.

"Fuck! Fuck!" Billy moaned, as Ryan banged into him. 

"How's it feel?" Casey asked, watching the emotions on Billy's face.

"It's really, fuck, big," Billy said, between breaths, "but it feels, fuck, really good."

"Now fuck me," Casey said, quickly looking at Ryan.

"Wait your turn," Ryan ordered, as he slammed his nuts against Billy.

After a few minutes of making Billy shout, Ryan pulled out and shoved his cock into Casey.

"SHIT!" Casey exclaimed, as Ryan sent all nine inches into him.

"Oh! Oh! OH!" Casey moaned, as Ryan banged him with long strokes. 

"Feel good?" Billy asked, still catching his breath.

"Yeah, yeah," Casey responded, "feels great."

Ryan banged Casey faster, sending his face against the back on the futon, his moans now muffled. 

"Fuck me again," Billy requested.

Ryan swung his cock out of Casey and pulled Billy towards him. Ryan, being much stronger, pulled Billy's ass over the edge of the futon, sending Billy's chest and face against it. Then Ryan plunged his cock back into Billy.

"Fuck yeah," Billy moaned, into the futon, "Bang me!"

Ryan obliged, using what was left of his energy to pound into Billy.

"Fuck!" Ryan yelled, as he pushed Billy's ass off of his dick. "I'm going to nut!"

"Cum on my face," Billy directed.

"No," Casey interjected, "I want him to cum on my face!"

Ryan was too close for an argument, "Sit next to each other." Quickly, Ryan jumped up, standing on the futon, as Billy and Casey sat facing him. Ryan pumped his cock with one hand, and used his other hand to push the boy's faces together so they were touching.

"Oh, Fuck, Fuck," Ryan moaned, as he felt his cock filling.

Billy reached out and grabbed Ryan's nuts, sending him over the edge.

Ryan's first powerful blast hit Billy in the nose and lips. 

"Fuck," Billy said, half in shock and half happily, as he turned his head away and moved back. But he wasn't quick enough, as Ryan's second blast hit him in the ear.

Ryan redirected his cock, as his load continued to release. Casey closed his eyes, as Ryan coated his face, even shooting a wad in his black, curly hair.

"Fuck, that felt great!" Ryan said, falling onto the futon.

"Suck me off," Billy requested, standing up so his cock was next to Ryan.

"I need jerked off so bad," Casey said, moving in next to Ryan.

"I would like to help guys," Ryan answered pushing past them and standing up. "But I'm exhausted. And I need a shower."

Casey and Billy watched surprised, as Ryan moved towards the door and grabbed his shower stuff out of his bag.

As Ryan moved towards the door, he heard Casey say, "I'll suck you, if you jerk me off."

"Cool."

Ryan smiled as he headed off to the shower.