 It was supposed to be a party of some sort. There was a lot of money involved and I liked money, particularly lots of it. And the guy who had rung, Greg, was an old client, I hadn't seen him for about six months, true, but he had been a regular for about a year before that. Often just one on one, but just as often two or three plus me. And occasionally a party, which had always involved two or three escorts, plus the client's guests. He had always paid well and without any argument. And I had charged big for the party nights. Sometimes his guests liked to get a bit rough.

I worked out and knew how to look after myself though, without having to use any muscles except the ones they paid me to use. So I didn't hesitate to say yes when Greg called. 

It was the usual big Toorak mansion screened from the street by a hundred year old hedge. I gave my name at the gates and got let in and headed up the cream gravel drive, to where a guard with a Doberman, on a very short leash, showed me where to park my RX8.

"Nice," I said as I got out, looking up at the glowing windows with their swag curtains. 

The guard gave me a cold stare, colder even than his Doberman's, but he led me to the front door and grunted something into a camera. I wondered if I should have charged Greg more, and wondered what add-ons I could put on his tab. He'd said only 4 or 5 friends, if it was more I'd add extra for each of them I decided, and he'd said rough, but nothing I hadn't done before. I wasn't sure what I had done before, but hey I was sure I'd notice if I did something new, and I'd add it on.

I was let in by a rather hot young guy, a genuine blond for sure, I could see all his body hair as he stood before me and also that he was excited about the event.

"It looks as if the party has started without me." I said. 

He just turned and walked down the wide hallway. 

"Great," I muttered, the other talent thought he was a star.

Blondie opened half a double door, dark polished timber, and I went in with him, right behind. Greg immediately pulled me aside and into a deep kiss, he was a big kisser, and had a hand on my assets massaging them. I happily fell into a bit of foreplay, enjoying the kiss and running my hands exploringly over him. When we pulled apart I saw we were in a large formal dining room. But very dimly lit. And entrée was a bit unusual. The blond was lying across the very end of the polished mahogany table being enjoyed by two guests. One sitting down comfortably as he was sucking his cock, pulling at his balls and probably doing other things, as he seemed to have no spare hands. A snack I thought. Smiling as I watched the second one who was standing feeding his cock in a very energetic way in and out of the blond's throat, his head hanging back over the edge of the table.

A couple of other men were sitting at the table watching. Both had their tools busy. Greg led me over to them with a hand on my arse. We stopped in front of a jowly solid man, middle aged but hard. Greg stood behind me cupping my pecs through my t-shirt as the guy reached and unzipped me and slid my jeans down to reveal the package. He had a good feel, as if not sure he wanted to buy, then he grunted and Greg turned me about and I got the message and bent over. Jowly obviously considered his purchases carefully before he took delivery. He also felt the width and internal quality. His fingers were thick and I wriggled my ass on them, smiling as he added another and grabbed my filling cock between my legs with the other hand and began to tug at it. I had my face level with Greg's fly, and not wanting to see him left out unzipped him.

But jowly had other ideas, "He can wait," he grunted slapping my arse and pulling me about. 

His eyes were hooded now as he stroked me up. His companion continued stroking himself, moving his eyes from Jowly's hands working my cock and balls to the action just feet away at the end of the table. The blond came and the guy at his butt stood up as blondie spread his legs. In a moment blondie was being fucked at both ends. But no one was in a rush, it was slow fucking as the two guys began to do some hand work on blondie and each other, as blondie arched and writhed, giving them both a good time. But they were being pretty brutal with their hands too by the look of it, and I didn't think all the writhing was put on.

Jowly had me pretty big by now and I looked down at him. He still looked undecided. This wasn't the usual sort of party I had done for Greg. He'd been in charge before and the crowd had been happy, horny and glad of a fuck session. These guys looked hungry, mean and not happy. I had a first small twinge of doubt about the session.

"He'll do," Jowly suddenly said, grunting. 

A lot of tension suddenly seemed to go out of the air. Behind me I felt Greg relax. It was obvious whose party it was and I was a bit annoyed. I didn't know Jowly from the proverbial. And Greg's nervousness had me suddenly thinking the Doberman might make it as hard for me to leave the mansion, as it would be for anyone unwanted to get in.

Greg started licking and fingering my arse as Jowly had me bend over and start to service him. He was a good size and growing nicely when I vaguely sensed someone else moving behind me. Greg moved and suddenly my arse was being shared, the fingers stroking and fucking me strongly and I gulped on Jowly's big dick, as I used a hand on his balls and inner thighs. 

I was still dressed and Greg pulled my jeans back up my thighs so only my butt was naked. Jowly grunted as I felt a thin cock slide into me. I was fucked by that for a while as Jowly grunted and hardened. He had a good view of whoever was plowing my ass and after a few minutes leant forward over me and I felt him playing behind me too, him obviously getting off on feeling the other guys cock as it drove in and out. My head was buried in Jowly's lap and I did my best to keep up my own bobbing action as I got crushed there, as Jowly got more interested in the action at my rear. 

My jeans dropped to my knees and a hand had slipped between my thighs and was tugging at my cock, I had no idea whose, and didn't care. I was having trouble breathing, with my mouth full, and my nose crushed in Jowly's pubes. My face buried in his pants.  

The cock in my arse was replaced. A bigger thicker one now, and bent, a driving bent action that had me twitching and losing concentration, glad the hand had gone from my dick as I was having enough trouble concentrating on Jowly already. He was grunting more and had both hands at my arse now spreading my cheeks then poking a finger in with the cock, stretching me, exploring me deeply, so that the cocks owner changed its action, going to short shallow rapid pumps.

Then jowly was grunting again and stroking my ass cheeks moaning, "Beautiful , oh yes beautiful."

He was hard but not giving any sign of being ready to come yet. Even though I was doing the best job I could in my crushed cramped position, and my best was very good I knew. 

The cock left my arse and Jowly growled as he sunk the fingers of both hands inside me and pulled, I bucked and gulped at his roughness as he tugged me open and probed. I was leaking and hard and being ignored, and short of breath. Then Jowly grunted loudly and a cock was trying to make its way inside me before Jowly removed anything I tried to say something but discovered that I was stuck where I was, someone had tied my hands to something behind Jowly's back and I couldn't even pull my head back to get some relief from his thick rod as it filled my throat, I was now genuinely uncertain. 

As the new cock made its way in Jowly grunted, and pulled at my arse hole. I was in pain. And the way he was trying to rip me open was never going to turn to pleasure. The cock was fortunately quite thin once the head was in and I took it and Jowly's thick fingers with difficulty, but I did it. I increased my sucking and tongue work as best I could, squashed and having difficulty breathing, wishing Jowly would come so I could breathe again. 

I felt the guy inside me cum and then slip out, and Jowly grunted his approval and tried to get his fingers in deeper, then gave up and was pulling my cheeks apart again. I was doing everything I could with my experienced mouth, but Jowly seemed no closer to coming than he had been when the first cock occupied my passage. 

The fourth cock was there now and I had a feeling Jowly was guiding it in, his hand seemed to have stopped tugging and probing me. But it was only a temporary relief. 

Once that cock was inside he wanted to share with it. Unfortunately this was a big one and if Jowly hadn't been inconsiderate and determined, and I hadn't been immobilized, he would never have got as many of his fingers inside me as he did. I was having trouble doing anything with the cock in my mouth, as I was now genuinely gasping for air and yelping in pain. And the cock in my rear was hard and powerful. Its owner's hips pounded my arse brutally as Jowly pulled and probed at me. 

All Jowly's cock was doing was suffocating me slowly. I began to choke around it as my legs were pulled wider and Jowly leaned even me further improving his view of my tortured arse. The way he had me he was finally cutting off my air supply almost completely, so that I began to panic. Hands went to my cock and balls as I started to kick my legs about wildly, jerking myself back trying to get my face out of his groin and air into my nose, my mouth choked with cock. Jowly grunted and seemed to crush my head more as my mouth tried to gape around his thick piece, forced down my throat.

I was getting dizzy and had gone past panic to mindless terror. Suddenly I was feeling weak and aware of myself coming in burst after burst after burst, the pleasure of ejaculating overcoming me, leaving me ready to pass out. The guy fucking me bottomed hard and came as Jowly's fingers withdrew. And my legs folded up.

And at that moment Jowly filled my mouth with cum, giving a huge shudder that momentarily released the pressure on my face as he unbent to arch back. I gasped, choking on cum and saliva as he came again, and I breathed a rasping suck of air through my nose, now no longer bent and crushed into his pubes 

More cum flooded my throat but I got air in too at last, my head spinning as my hands were freed suddenly and I fell onto the floor, my chest heaving as I gasped desperately for air, cum dribbling from my mouth and being splattered on my face as Jowly came again all over me. It had taken him a damn long time to come, but now he had started he didn't seem to want to stop. I lay there gasping, finally opening my eyes after a few minutes to look up and see Jowly smiling as Greg huddled over him licking his cock clean. 

As I got my breath back I felt myself begin to shake. I was in shock and I felt as if I had been fucked all night. I was exhausted and sore and aching. I struggled up but Jowly put a huge foot on my chest and pushed me back down. I was still too shaky to fight him, knowing I would need to be fully recovered before I even tried. 

But then Jowly said, "Greg will show you out when he's finished cleaning me up." 

I looked around to see the blond was pouring drinks and only one other man remained in the room with us. He watched blankly, tugging absently at his soft cock, flopped in his lap, as I lay gasping on the floor with my jeans around my knees, and Greg finished licking Jowly clean. 

When he was done Greg showed me out into the passage, immediately shoving an envelope into my hand. 

"He's given you double what we agreed ," Greg said smiling, and I automatically flicked through the notes, seeing he was right, "Very good job you did. Very realistic the way you pretended to struggle and panic. The gasping was great, great acting. Really good. He wants you back next Tuesday night, 8pm again."