 Author's Note: This story is a sequel to 'The 5th Floor'. I highly recommend reading that story first, if you haven't already, to avoid character confusion. If rough sex, non consensual sex or gay sex bothers you, don't waste your time reading this.

__________

A couple of weeks had passed since my violent fucking in the somewhat abandoned restroom on the 5th floor of the building I worked in.

After my tormentor had wiped his cock in my hair, dressed and left, I cried for about 15 minutes before I was able to rise slowly from the filthy floor, slowly clean myself up and dress in my now-ruined clothes. My entire body was an aching mass of muscles, having been subjected to the abuse he had put me through...The hard, concrete floor was unforgiving on my knees when I sucked his cock and not much better on my back and shoulders when I lay there with my legs spread wide for him, allowing him to fuck my ass.

I looked in the mirror after splashing water on my face, washing away the blood, tears and snot. My eyes were red from crying; My nose and lips swollen from the pounding of his pubic bone against my face.

I managed to pull on my wet and wrinkled underwear and slacks. My shirt was ruined from the blood, but I left it on anyways, doing my best to tuck it in again and straighten my tie.

I was amazed that my legs were actually able to carry me to the parking structure where my car was. I jumped at every sound, shaking violently and hiccuping from the panic and fear I felt.

I arrived, thankfully, to a darkened house. My wife and kids weren't at home, and I was able to further clean myself up by taking a nice hot shower. The memories of the earlier events caused my cock to swell again, much to my chagrin, and I jerked myself off, cumming with a sob, mortified that I was still aroused by the incident.

I disposed of my ruined clothing before my wife was able to question me about them, and when she finally arrived home and questioned the condition of my face, I explained it away with a tale of taking a nasty spill at the gym. She believed me and my secret was safe.

My body was sore for the next several days, including my abused rectum. I would wince quietly when I sat down. Nobody seemed to notice, and life went on as usual for a couple of weeks. I made sure to leave work on time every day, and at the end of each day, I nervously entered the elevator with coworkers, making sure I was never alone.

Despite my fear of a recurring event, my cock grew hard every time I relived the memories. There were times at work when I had to excuse myself to the restroom; the one on my floor, of course; to masturbate in an empty stall while fantasizing about being fucked again. I couldn't get the picture out of my mind.

And now, two weeks later, I found myself at work, stroking myself absently under my desk while I daydreamed about the 5th floor. When I blinked back to reality, I realized that the last of my coworkers in my department had left for the day...I was alone and would be forced to take the elevator down alone....Unless I chose the stairs.

My breathing became a bit labored as I realized the situation I was in...I did my best to stall the inevitable; Finding last minute paperwork to attend to; Straightening my desk. When there was no other excuse to stay, I took a deep breath, loosened my tie and headed for the elevator.

As I stood by the gleaming chrome doors, the numbers above it descended, announcing it's pending arrival, I removed my jacket and draped it over my arm. The bell dinged softly and the doors slid open, revealing only two occupants. My tormentor, who still wore the same vile grin, and another man. He was dressed in a very expensive suit, dark with dark expensive shoes. His tie was red, the only splash of color his attire bore. He wore dark sunglasses that prevented me from seeing his eyes, and his hair was slicked back severely.

My tormentor leaned to push the hold button, all the while grinning at me while I stalled, my mouth hanging open, eyes wide in fear.

'Well well well...Look who's decided it's time for another round..Step inside, Paul.'

He grinned, and I gasped in shock, horrified that he knew my name. I began to stammer and shake my head. The other occupant merely stared, or so I assumed, standing quietly with his hands clasping each other in front of him, looking very much like a secret serviceman. 

My tormentor reached for me, grasping my wrist lightly and tugged me into the elevator. I didn't resist except to shake my head as my eyes instantly welled up with tears. I stumbled into the elevator and the doors slid quietly shut behind me. I happened to notice the buttons on the panel, and the number 5 was the only one illuminated. I choked out a sob and looked up at him again, still shaking my head and trying to protest. He laughed and reached down to cup my balls, squeezing gently before moving his hand up to find my cock hard and throbbing.

'I knew you'd show yourself soon enough, Paul. You're a cock whore and you've had a taste. Now you can't live without it. You crave it, don't you??'

I shook my head and began to sob louder, stuttering a protest that I didn't crave his filth and wanted nothing to do with him. I was mortified that another man was witnessing my cowardly behavior and listening to the perversities that my tormentor was spewing.

My tormentor moved in closer to me and I stepped back from him, but he just pressed himself against me as my back hit the wall. His cock was hard as well, beneath his slacks, and he grinded it slowly against mine, rocking sensually back and forth. I groaned quietly and turned my head to the side while my fingers gripped at his shoulders and half-heartedly tried to push him away.

The quiet man said nothing as the tormentor fondled and rubbed against me, and when the bell dinged announcing our arrival to the 5th floor, the doors slid open. I stumbled out into the hall, now darkened and deserted. The tormentor pushed me forward as I shuffled along towards the restroom. The quiet man, much to my shock, followed behind us.

'Please don't do this to me again. Please!!' I wept 'I'm not this kind of man. I have a wife. I have children! You can't do this to me again!'

He smiled at my pleas and tears and clucked his tongue against his teeth almost affectionately. 

'Awww, you poor lamb. Of course you are that kind of man. You're a cock whore. You want cock in your mouth and in your ass. You think about it constantly. I know this'

He stroked the side of my face almost tenderly with the back of his hand and nudged me along into the darkened restroom, reaching to flick on the lights once he stepped inside. The flourescents buzzed overhead, one of the bulbs dark, casting the restroom in a dim light. The floor was still dirty and wet. The wastebasket overflowed with paper towels and the room was pretty much the same as the first incident; The only difference was that this time, a rusted, folding metal chair sat in the middle of the room.

The quiet man didn't remove his glasses, but he crossed his arms menacingly and stood back...My tormentor took my jacket from me, though I was reluctant to give it up. He draped it across the sink before turning to face me.

'This time, you're going to strip completely, Paul. And you will do so on your own, to show me just how bad you want this.'

The tears hadn't stopped since they began, and they began to flow moreso now. They weren't quiet tears. They were accompanied by sobs and hiccups. I held my hands up in protest and shook my head. Both man stood quietly staring at me; The quiet man expressionless, my tormentor with that same horrid grin.

I wanted to scream and punch that smug look off his face. I wanted to destroy him for doing this to me. But I didn't. My hands, shaking, slowly pulled my loosened tie over my neck and draped it on top of my jacket. It took me several tries to unbutton my shirt, but I was finally able. It slid off my shoulders easily, and I laid it on the growing pile of clothes. I removed my belt slowly, taking my time, hoping to prolong things as long as I could. Both men were very patient; One stoic and silent, the other grinning madly and snickering as each article of clothing came off.

I shrugged my pants off after removing shoes and socks. My toes curled, repulsed at touching the filthy, disgusting floor. I was ashamed to expose my hardened cock, knowing that the front of my tight, boxer briefs would be soaked wet with precum. My tormentor gave a soft chuckle upon that particular revelation, and even the quiet man nodded, I'm guessing, in approval.

After I peeled off my underwear and placed them on the sink, I clasped my hands in front of me, trying desperately to hide my arousal. I was still crying, but my sobs had grown quiet. My tormentor motioned to the chair in the middle of the room and bade me to sit in it.

I moved to the chair and sat slowly, unsure of what was to follow. The cold metal against my bare ass caused my testicles to ascend in their sac. I gasped a bit and sat back quickly, hoping the metal would warm quickly against my skin.

I kept my eyes averted downward, and only heard the sound of the zipper. The quiet man moved just as quietly as he did everything else, and I only sensed him behind me without actually hearing him move there. I felt his strong hands grasp the back of my head, one hand had fingers curled into my hair, the other bracing against my neck. He jerked my head up and brought me face to face with that familiar cock that suddenly and brutally was pressed against my lips.

I opened my mouth reluctantly as the thick penis pushed its way inside my mouth, giving me no time to react except to utter a muffled cry. The familiar ache in my jaw came back quickly, and I tried to still my tongue as it worked reflexively to try and push the invasion from my mouth.

My tormentor stood absolutely still with his hands on his hips, but the hands that grasped my head and neck pushed me forward to engulf the enormous cock completely. The fingers in my hair tugged, pulling me back quickly..The hand on my neck pushed me back on, effectively impaling my mouth again..Over and over, he pushed and pulled, forcing me to fuck myself in the face with this cock.

I gagged and sputtered at first..The drool came easily and in copious amounts. My hands flailed, finally reaching under the chair to grip the metal, holding myself in place as my head was pushed brutally back and forth. I remembered being pummelled from the last time and struggled to relax my throat in order to take the invading organ deeper and without vomitting.

This new plan of attack was just as brutal as the first time, only it was my head that was moving towards him instead of his hips pounding against me. My mouth was stuffed full of cock, and I tried to separate myself from the situation, finding myself floating above outside myself while my mouth was raped. I could hear his voice, like a faint echo, encouraging me on, telling me that I would eventually shape up to be an adequate cock sucker, and that this time, I'd better not vomit.

Eventually, the hand at my neck was only braced their, and while the fingers still curled in my hair, my head was moving of it's own accord. My mouth slurped greedily at his cock, and I was mortified to realize that I was doing so on my own.

I licked and sucked at the member fed to me. My hands eventually found his hips and I leaned forward to suckle him better. My tongue danced its way up and down his length, dipping into his piss slit to taste the flowing precum.

He laughed, and I heard his echoey voice proclaim that this time I was gonna taste his cum. This brought me screaming back to reality. I instantly gagged has the head of his penis pressed against the back of my throat...Coughing and sputtering, I tried to pull away, but the hand at my neck gripped tighter, and the fingers in my hair forced me to hold my position.

I tried to shake my head and the tears came again. I did NOT want to taste this man's semen in my mouth. I was horrified at the thought, and I fought to try and dispel him from my mouth, but now, his hips were rocking and I could hear his groans. I knew that there was no escape.

My bare feet scrambled on the bare floor...My hands gripped the chair again...I struggled to pull away from his cock, but it only kept pumping inside my mouth faster and faster...I could feel it swell against my tongue, and suddenly my mouth was flooded with warm, thick liquid. I instantly gagged again, but the hands held me there; My tormentor's as well as the quiet man's. I gave a gargled cry of protest but was harshly informed that I must swallow.

I could feel the cum escaping from the corners of my mouth and dripping down my chin. My eyes looked about wildly, finally finding his. He grinned down at me and then snarled.

'I said, SWALLOW, you fucking cum slut'

I blinked back more tears and groaned with a mouthful of his cock and cum. I struggled to empty my throat of flesh and worked to swallow the chlorine-tasting, viscuous fluid without vomitting.

He held his cock in my mouth a few more minutes, making sure I had swallowed every drop. He pumped his cock a few more times in my mouth, making sure I got a last taste...He then pulled most of it out of my mouth, leaving just the head between my lips...I cried and tried to push it out completely, but he told me he liked the way I looked with just his cockhead in my lips.

Finally, he shivered and pulled it out the rest of the way...

'Too sensitive for that' He grinned 'Now kiss it..Show me how much you loved swallowing my cum'

What could I do?? I wiped my mouth with the back of my hand and leaned forward, pressing my lips to his softening cock...I let my tongue slip from between my lips, caressing his flesh with kisses. The tears came harder now, and my vision was blurred.

He pushed me back finally, and I slumped against the chair. My shoulders shook with my sobs as he tucked his cock back in his pants. For a very brief moment I experienced a moment mixed with both relief and disappointment that he wasn't going to fuck me. My ass would be spared. And then, much to my horror, he stepped around behind me and the quiet man stepped in front of me, unzipping his fly and producing a very thick and very long penis. It was much larger than my tormentor's and I began shaking my head and babbling protests.

'I can't do that..I can't take that! There's no way! It's too big! I won't do it!

He gave a quiet smirk and then slapped me hard across my face, stunning me to silence. My tormentor gave an evil giggle behind me.

'Get your legs up,' The quiet man ordered.

I blinked and looked down, wondering how the hell I was going to be able to do this while seated on this chair. Defeated, I nodded and slowly lifted my legs, gripping them in my hands. Now because of my gym routine, I'm pretty flexible, but there was no way that I would have been able to hold my own legs up and expose my asshole to him as well as holding my balance.

My tormentor solved that problem for me. As I lifted my legs a bit higher, he leaned over me and reached for my ankles, pulling them painfully back. This caused my ass to slide forward in the chair, effectively exposing my hole to the quiet man. I again gripped the bottom of the chair to hold me in place, while my legs were held open, obscenely presenting my anus to him.

'There's no way you can take my cock without lube,' He nearly whispered.

I shook my head and was only able to groan. My entire body was shaking in fear and anticipation. He suddenly presented a vial of lubricant and squirted a generous amount on his fingers. I cringed and tightened as he quickly plunged them into my rectum, working them in and out to coat me inside. That familiar feeling returned of being stretched and opened...Exposed to a stranger.

I could have easily at any time overpowered these two men. I didn't have to sit and take the cock in my mouth. I didn't have to swallow the cum. And I most certainly didn't have to sit here, my legs held up painfully, and present myself to be fucked yet again, by a monstrous cock. All the previous images of my family and friends flooded my mind again. And a fleeting flash of my wife watching me be fucked came and went. I shuddered in horror at the thought.

Suddenly, the bulbous head of his cock was pressed against my hole, as he crouched before me and leaned in.

'I want you to take your hand and guide my cock inside you. Because you want it. You want to be stuffed with my cock. You want to be impaled. You crave it.'

His words caused new tears, and although I shook my head in protest, I loosened my grip of the chair with one hand. With shaking fingers I reached between my legs and found that thick member. My fingers could barely close around the immense girth. I gripped gingerly and tugged him gently, pressing him against my rectum.

The pain was horrible as that cock head split me open. I cried out in agony feeling that enormous cock head work its way past the first muscles and hold me open. My fingers kept a tight grip around him, now struggling to pull him out.

'Please!! I can't take it!! It's too big!! Please stop fucking me! Oh God...I can't handle it!!! It hurts too much!!'

I squirmed in protest, crying and whining, but the tormentor held my legs up firmly and in place. 

'Stroke me,' My rapist quietly commanded

Instead of raging in protest and pushing both men away from me, I reluctantly complied. I grunted as I struggled to lean forward, crying out again as his cock pushed a bit further inside me. I gripped his cock again and began to stroke him...Masturbating him while he impaled my ass.

For the first time I saw expression on his face. He smiled as he slowly squeezed into my ass, and I hated him for it. I hated him for ripping me in half. The pain was agonizing and burning, and yet, my cock was hard the entire time. I stroked furiously, hoping he would cum before he could get any deeper. But eventually my fist was trapped between his balls and my ass. I screamed and howled each inch it slid in.

He reached down and pulled my fist from around him, sliding inside me the last several inches. I arched and screamed again, momentarily blacking out.

When I came to a few seconds later, he was emptying me, and I began to scream in protest again. The feeling of that massive cock leaving me was as bad as it was filling me up.

I screamed and thrashed again, forcing my tormentor to actually struggle to hold my legs up. I began to hallucinate, I guess from the intense pain and emotional trauma. I babbled and cried for my mommy and daddy...I begged him to quit hurting me. Nothing helped..Nothing stopped him. 

When I was nearly emptied, I steeled myself for that agonizing feeling of cock pulling out of my ass, when he slowly began to fill me up again...My entire body stiffened and I uttered a loud gasp. His penis pushed past all the muscles inside me, opening me wider than ever, ripping and splitting the delicate tissue inside. As soon as I felt his balls against me, he held himself there. I twisted and writhed, whimpering and moaning. Beneath the layer of pain was the euphoria of being so completely stuffed full of cock. By now, my own was dripping and throbbing and I reached down and gripped myself by the base and began to stroke.

He smiled again and suddenly began to pump in and out of me. With each thrust I cried out or screamed. His enormous cock head bullied my prostate, causing me to begin my whorish writhing again.

Now I was begging him to fuck me...Babbling and bleating for his cock while frantically tugging on my own. The metal chair was rocking back and forth, ringing against the tiles, echoing off the restroom walls.

I reached with my other hand, leaving me dangerously off balance, to stroke his cock each time he emptied me. As his cock would leave my ass, my fist would be there to grip it, moving away as he impaled me again. I couldn't get enough. I was a raging whore. I wanted so desparately to be used and seen for what I was.
