 First of all, I'm not gay. In fact, I had hardly given it a thought until I opened the door that hot august morning. I was twenty-five and living in my first really nice apartment. Id recently gotten a new job, a fat raise, and moved into a premier singles complex. Nice apartments, swimming pool, Jacuzzi, health club and all the hot tight babes you could stand. I was living large.

After work, id get home, change into my swimsuit and go down to the pool and hang out with some awesome babes. Even though I had only been there a month, I had already scored twice with totally smoking chicks. 

So when I came home from work and found the air conditioner not working and my apartment sweltering I immediately called the office. Since this was Friday the maintenance people were gone for the day but they said somebody would be over first thing Saturday morning. By Saturday morning my apartment was like a sauna, I had all the windows open but with no breeze it was a serious sweatbox. I was waiting for the maintenance man wearing just my skimpiest gym shorts. 

Finally the doorbell rang. I swung it open to see the most gorgeous hunk of man I had ever laid eyes on. I never looked twice at other men but this guy was something else. Tall, with broad shoulders and dark crew cut hair. His coveralls were open to expose his hairy chest. He had a dark tan, nice smile and bright dark brown eyes. I was totally shocked at my reaction to him. I couldn’t stop staring at him. “Im here about the air conditioner” he said. I just nodded. “Mind if I come in” he said with a smile. Like an idiot, I was frozen in the doorway. I quickly stepped aside and let him in the apartment. 

Following him down the hall to the living room I noticed my cock was getting stiff in my pants and I tried to hide it without much luck. My gym shorts were just too small to hide my growing bulge. I tried to think about something else until he said “Boy it’s hot in here, Mind if I take this off?” Referring to his one-piece coveralls. “Sure”, Can I get you a cold drink? I said as I headed for the kitchen. I could hear him getting his toolbox open as I opened the fridge and poured a glass of cold lemonade for him. 

My eyes shot wide as I came back into the living room and my cock seemed to stretch out making a tent in my pants. He was standing with his back to me taking the cover off the air conditioner. He had removed his coveralls and was standing there in just a pair of thin black bikini underwear. God, he was gorgeous, nice ripped back muscles and a tight ass with nice shaped legs. I slowed down and just stared up and down at him wondering why I was feeling so aroused. 

I walked over and handed him his drink and offered to lend a hand.

“Sure, he said, you can hand me my tools.”

Pulling up the ottoman I sat down and tried to get comfortable without revealing the hard cock in my shorts. I sat there with my eyes taking in that beautiful body. I was drawn again and again to that thick bulge in his tiny BVDs as I occasionally handed him a tool or something from his toolbox. From where I was sitting his thick tool was at eye level. After what seemed like hours, but was only a few minutes, he placed the cover on the air conditioner and turned the knob sending a cool breeze into the room. 

“Well that seems to be working but we better let it run for a bit to make sure”. “Just one last tool to put away”. I looked up at him as he said this and he reached over and pulled my face into the crotch of his tiny shorts. I was shocked and put my hands on his thighs to try and push away but he held my face against his rod and all I could feel was his thick tool and smell his masculine scent. 

“You been looking at it all day, I know you want it”

I knew he was right and instead of trying to push away I started running my lips and tongue over the thickening tube of man meat now filling his shorts. My own stiff cock was now poking out of the leg of my shorts. I sat there mesmerized by the feeling of his hard ass cheeks in my hands and my lips on his dick. 

“Take down my shorts” he ordered.

I started to reach for his pants but he slapped my hands away and said “ With your teeth”.

With a moan, I slid to my knees and began to slide his bikini briefs slowly down. I had to move around him to get them down and so my mouth and teeth slid over his hard thighs and round ass and back to his thick bush before I got his briefs down. Finally they slid down his legs and I looked up to see him looking down at me with a nice hard cock sticking straight out. Holding it in one hand he laid the head right on my lips and said “suck it”.

Never having done this before, I slowly slid my lips and tongue over the head feeling the soft skin. After licking the head several times I slowly opened my mouth and let it slide in. My own dick was popping straight out of my shorts and I was totally turned on. I never thought being with another guy would make me this hot. All I could think about was this thick hard shaft sliding in and out of my mouth. I started to stroke my own cock when he pulled his rod out of my mouth and told me to turn around.

I turned around still kneeling and he reached into his tool chest and pulled out a plastic tie wrap. “Put your hands behind your back”. 

I was a little nervous but did as he asked and felt the tie wrap lock my wrists together behind my back. Moving around in front of me he slid his cock back into my mouth and began fucking my face. I was even more turned on when he started saying “you like that cock don’t you little cocksucker” “you want to be my little slut toy”. All I could do was moan in agreement with a mouth full of cock.

After many minutes of cocksucking on my part his rod was coated with saliva and had grown to what must have been a full 8 or 9 inches with a big mushroom head. Pulling it out he stepped behind me and pushed me forward so my head was laying on the ottoman. He pulled a tube of Vaseline out of his tool chest and grabbed my shorts and yanked them down exposing my ass. He slipped one lubed finger into my ass and slid it in and out. I was lost in a haze of lust, my ass pushing up trying to get more and more of his finger inside. I couldn’t wait to feel his big cockhead at my virgin rear entrance. I was moaning with every stroke. I loved being used by this hunk. When he slid two fingers deep into my ass and started to slap my cheeks with his other hand I thought I had died and gone to heaven. My ass was on fire and my cock was harder than ever. It was so engorged it was throbbing. Then he grabbed my butt cheeks in both hands and spread them wide and placed the tip of his rock hard shaft at my backdoor. When he slid the head inside I felt a moment of pain that quickly turned to pleasure and as he slid inch after inch slowly into my ass, my own cock exploded under me, spurt after spurt, till I was drained, lying there with his cock buried deep inside me. I could feel every inch as he slowly started to stroke in and out picking up speed and driving deep into me. I could only moan in pleasure as his hand came down to slap my ass cheeks in rhythm with his deep strokes until I felt his cock swell even larger and explode deep in my butt. I just lay there as he pulled out and put his coveralls back on. Picking up his tool chest, he snipped the tie wraps on my wrists and said “ If you like that I work every Saturday” I just lay thinking “There must be something in this apartment that needs fixing”.