 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consentual or reluctant sex.

*

Have you ever felt the tiny goosebumps along your skin before that eerie feeling comes over you? It's like a slow motion reaction. The goosebumps come, and you notice them. Then you feel the cold chill and for a moment, everything is quiet. It's like the calm before the storm...a moment in time that seems to last forever but, in reality, happens in seconds.

That's the exact feeling I had when leaving my friend Joe's house. We lived a few streets from one another, roughly a 20 minute walk. I had gone over there tonight to work on his car. Joe and I go way back. Hell, we even chose the same college to commute to after we graduated. We lived with our parents while we were taking classes. Our hope was to open a car shop one day, and we were both determined as hell to make it happen.

Normally I would have crashed at his place, but Joe's new girlfriend stopped over, and there's not much worse than feeling like the third wheel. As I cut down the alley to save myself some time, the goosebumps started. I felt like I was being watched. In the darkness, though, I couldn't see a damn thing.

The wind seemed to pick up and the fall leaves scattered around in mini tornadoes at my feet. I picked up my pace as the noises came to a stop. My ears were picking up on every little sound. I had taken this route dozens of times and never had this feeling before.

I pulled the hood of my sweatshirt over my head, and just as I was about to turn on the lit street ahead, a strong hand wrapped around my bicep. I was too frozen in shock to really scream, so a squeal was all that came out as I was turned around to face the large man holding onto me. He had to be at least 6'6", 300 pounds of solid muscle. His bald head shone in the moonlight, and I could see the harshness in his features.

"The hell you doing out here, pretty boy?"

It was all I could do not to whimper, and I just continued to stare up at the man with pure fear in my eyes.

When I didn't answer, he grabbed my arm tighter and shook me. "You fuckin' deaf, boy?"

"N-n-n-o sir. I just wasn't expecting to see anyone out here. That's all."

"Awe, did I scare you, pretty boy? Hmmm?" With that he let out a harsh laugh that had me flinching.

"I, ugh, better get going" I said as I tried to pull myself from his grasp. Unfortunately he only held on tighter and used one of his legs and placed it between mine. His knee pressed directly into my groin. "Please, I just want to go."

"I think I want you to stay for a little bit" he said with a menacing look.

What the hell was I supposed to do? Should I offer him my wallet? My phone? You always hear about how to handle these situations, but your brain tends to turn itself into mush when something like this is actually happening.

"I-I have money in my wallet, and a phone too. Here, I even have an Apple Watch. You can have them."

The man threw his head back and laughed and then pushed himself against me and grabbed my chin roughly with his other hand. "Oh, I want something alright. But it ain't your money or technology."

I was scared. The man clearly found some sick entertainment in killing people. Otherwise, what the hell could he possibly want. I tried to avert my eyes but the man just came nose to nose with me instead.

Slowly he licked his tongue over his bottom lip before smiling at me with a knowing gleam in his eyes.

"What do you want then? If you let me go I swear I won't tell anyone about this. Please, just let me go." I wasn't past begging for mercy at this point. All he did in return was laugh.

"Trust me, pretty boy. When I'm done with you, you're going to be begging me for mercy."

What the hell? I had no idea what that meant. Was he going to kill me? Torture me? Maybe he would—

My thoughts came to a halt as I became aware of the hard object pressing into my abdomen. I swallowed roughly and blinked. I couldn't move my body or my face. I wanted to look down and see if he had a gun, but I was too afraid.

The man moved the hand from my chin and placed it on his crotch. From there I watched as he stroked up and down his length over his black pants. "How many?" He asked.

"W-what? How many?" It's not a gun? Jesus was that his fucking dick? It was a fucking monster.

"How many, pretty boy?"

"I'm sorry, but I don't understand" I replied as beads of sweat dripped down my forehead.

"Cocks. How many cocks have you had up that little ass?"

I gulped again and shook my head. Even though Joe and I had jerked off in front of one another watching porn, I had never, not once, touched his cock, and he had never touched mine.

"A virgin ass? Must be my lucky night."

I tried to turn and pull his hand from my bicep, but that only earned me a rougher grip. He started to move forward, stepping into me and causing me to stumble backwards until my back hit the brick wall behind me. Even if someone walked by the alley they wouldn't see us. There was a large dumpster to my left and a half wall on the other side. He had me perfectly hidden from view.

"I don't want—-please I'm not—"

"Not what, pretty boy? Hmmmm?"

"Gay. I'm not gay."

"Are you sure about that?"

He used the hand by his groin to grab my right hand and place it on his erection. Fuck I thought. He's huge. If he rapes me, he'll rip my ass in half. There's no way I can let him inside me. As his hand was placed firmly over mine, I felt him thrusting in and out of my hand. I tried to block it out, but after a few thrusts, my hand started to grasp him more. What the hell is wrong with me? I was even putting pressure, and I could feel the bulge in my pants start to harden.

I felt his laugh in my ear. "Not gay, huh? Because it feels to me like you're trying to wrap your hand around my cock."

I immediately tried to release the pressure of my hand, but he wasn't having it. With his free hand he wrapped it around my neck and tilted my head to the side. He ran his tongue up the column of my neck and behind my ear. It was when he moved his teeth to my ear lobe and tugged that I may have whimpered.

His hand grasping mine moved to the button of his pants. With one hand he opened his dark jeans and slid the zipper down. I immediately felt the heavy weight of his cock in my hand. It felt warm, smooth, and hard against my hand, like steel encased in velvet.

For a moment I just stood there with my hand perfectly still, but when he stuck the tip of his tongue in my ear, I grabbed onto it and wrapped my fist around as much of it as I could. I felt the precum at the top of the head and used it to try and lubricate him so that my hand would move up and down him easier. He growled in my ear and continued licking and biting my neck and ear, encouraging me to continue.

After a few minutes, my hips started thrusting, seeking anything to grind into.

"No no, pretty boy. It's not your turn yet. Stay still."

I tried my fucking hardest to stand still, but every now and then my hips would buck.

"Down on your knees. Daddy needs you to suck his cock."

I half went, and was half pushed to my knees and barely got a breath in before he thrust his cock as far as he could in my mouth. I gagged on him, and he moaned.

"That's it. Gag on daddy's cock." He moved his hands to the back of my head and started thrusting. I had no control over how much of him I was taking in. I was starting to panic and move my head just to get a breath, but he wasn't allowing me to move. Spit was pooling in my mouth and dripping off my chin as I continued to gag on him.

I endured this for several minutes, only getting a moment's reprieve before he would thrust mercilessly into my mouth again. He stopped thrusting and left his cock in my mouth. I waited for him to move, but he didn't. I took that as my cue to take over. I wrapped my right hand around the base of his length and let his cock come out of my mouth with a loud pop. I used my tongue to circle the head of his cock, focusing on his slit where the precum was leaking out. I was using my right hand to jerk him off, my fingers wrapped around him and I moved my hand up, twisted it and moved it back down. I continued this movement as he groaned above me.

I was licking my way up his shaft when I noticed his heavy ball sac. I started to pull his pants down further to get to them, and he spread his feet to give me better access. Gently I cupped his heavy sac and used my tongue to lick between his balls. His hands fisted into my hair when I took one of his balls in my mouth. I wanted to get both in there, and after a few attempts, I was able to have them in my mouth with my tongue moving the best it could from one ball to the other. I sucked hard.

With a tug on my hair and a pained grunt from me, he smiled down at me.

"You like daddy's cock, don't you boy?"

"Yes. Yes I do. I want more, please." And I did. I wanted to suck every drop of cum out of his 10 inch cock.

He chuckled and gripped my head with both hands again and started thrusting in and out of my mouth. His strokes were long and fast, and I was rolling his balls around in the palm of my hand when I felt him grunt and yell out as he shot his load down my throat. I took what I could and swallowed. The rest of it was running down my chin as I gagged on him. He was panting above me for several moments before he pulled his cock from my mouth. He yanked me roughly to my feet and started kissing me. His tongue invaded my mouth, and he devoured it. The cum on my chin was mixing in with his beard and on our faces.

"Does daddy's little cock sucker want anything?"

"Y-yes sir."

"Yes what?"

"Yes daddy."

"Good boy" he said as he stroked my face with his rough knuckles. "Lay down on your back like a good little cock sucker."

I went to my back as quickly as I could. Instead of joining me on the ground, I watched him pull a pair of handcuffs from his back pocket. He knelt down, told me to bring my hands above my head, and he secured the cuffs on my wrists. Instinctively I tried to move my hands but felt the sharp metal biting into my skin. "Ouch" I yelled out.

"Spiked cuffs, pretty boy. Better not move."

I went perfectly still as he stood back up and placed one foot on either side of my hips. He grabbed his hardening cock and palmed himself. I watched as he spit down onto his cock to lubricate himself. He was thrusting in and out of his hand as I watched, helpless to do anything about the straining erection in my pants.

The pleasure/pain of the cuffs, the arousal of watching him, and the torture of not being able to touch myself was too much. My hips once again bucked on their own. I was moaning as I watched his cock grow to its full 10 inches.

"That's right, boy. You just lay there and watch daddy. Mmmmmm, daddy likes watching you squirm."

I moaned again and rolled my hips, trying to grind against the fabric of my now soaked with precum boxers. "Oh, yes daddy."

"Are you mine, boy?"

"Yes" I answered with no hesitation.

"That's good. I'm happy to hear that. I just need to mark my territory then." Before what he meant could even settle in my brain, he was pushing his erect cock to point down and relieving himself all over me. My shirt and pants were soaked with his urine. He stepped up to let his piss hit my neck and chin. I tried to move my head up and away from the stream of pee hitting me, but he was quick to lock his feet on either side of my arms, still stretched above my head.

He continued to piss on my face. "Open your mouth, boy."

I moved my head back and forth, defying him. That earned me a warning growl and spit on my cheek. "Now, little cocksucker. Open."

I still couldn't bring myself to willingly open my mouth. He squatted down in front of me and pinched my nose so that I was forced to open my mouth. I felt the warm piss come into my mouth and because I couldn't breathe, I wasn't able to swallow well enough. What didn't go down my throat, I was coughing and spewing back out. 

"Yeah, that's it, boy." He pushed his cock into my mouth and finished pissing the last of what he had. After he stood, he grabbed the front of my shirt to pull me to a sitting position to let me cough and catch my breath. "Next time you will obey your daddy, won't you?"

I nodded quickly and felt his boot push me back to the ground. He followed me down this time, lining his body up to mine and kissing me. We laid there making out and thrusting against one another's cocks until he pulled away.

I was so aroused and couldn't handle it anymore. I was on the verge of tears at the frustration when I finally felt him move his body down to my aching cock. He wasted no time getting my pants undone and pulling them down to my knees. Then he moved to my feet, removed my shoes and socks and pulled the pants the rest of the way off. I was left in my boxers and shirt. He was down by my feet, when I felt his tongue lick my instep. He ran his tongue up and down my foot and then between each of toes, taking time to suck on each one.

Every touch was like fire. It felt fucking fantastic, but it wasn't enough. I needed more, and I knew he was teasing me. I had no idea how much time had past, but I knew that I had never been this aroused in my entire life.

His mouth kissed up both legs, and he settled himself between them. Without touching my cock, he pulled the left leg of my boxer up and moved it so that my cock could spring free underneath, and he could tuck the material under it. For the longest time he just laid there, running his fingers lightly over my pelvic bone, to the skin of my groin and coming painfully close to my aching cock and balls.

"Please, daddy. Please."

"Shut up, boy. I will do this my way. Do you understand me?"

"Yes. Yes daddy" and I willed myself to keep my mouth shut.

His tongue started the same torturous path as his fingers, but this time I felt the warm, wet heat of his mouth over my cock. I moaned out as he licked my ball sac. He worked his tongue up my shaft until he was at the head. I wasn't as big as him, but I had a nice size 7 inch cock. And I was thick too. His hand had no trouble grasping the base of my shaft as he sucked on the head of my cock.

I knew I wasn't going to last, and he did too because just as soon as he started, he was stopping. Instead he put his arms under my thighs and used his thumbs to spread my ass cheeks open. I felt him spit on my hole. I tenses up, not knowing what to expect. Almost immediately I was moaning as he licked at my asshole. His tongue worked its way inside and I swear I could have cum. He pulled his tongue out and started spitting on it again. Then he sat up, and I looked to find him sucking his fat fingers. Oh god, I thought. He's going to finger my ass."

"Daddy, I—-"

"Not another word, boy." As soon as the words were out of his mouth I felt him sliding the tip of his finger into my ass. The pain was there, and I was trying to breathe through it. "Relax your ass, boy or daddy won't let you cum."

After a minute I felt myself relax, and he must have felt it too because he stuck his finger the rest of the way inside me. Slowly he pulled it out to the tip and back in. This went on several strokes until he forced his other finger inside me. "Fuck!" I yelled out. The pain hit me, but I felt pleasure has he pushed up at the perfect angle. "Yes, fuck me with your fingers daddy".

Just like that his hand was gone. "What did I say, boy?"

"Oh god. Please..."

He was in my face now, his hand roughly grasping my face. I could smell his fingers that had been in my ass. "Quiet."

He was back at my level again when he started kissing me. "Open your mouth, boy" and I did. "More". I stretched my mouth open as far as I could and he started spitting inside it. I went to close my mouth to swallow it, but he held it open more. Once he felt that I understood his instructions, he brought his mouth back to mine and started kissing me and sucking some of the spit back into his mouth.

I noticed that my wrists were stinging, and I knew that the cuffs had drawn blood, but I didn't give a fuck. I was wound so tight and begging for release that I would have done just about anything to get it.

"Now, I'm going to let you cum. Lay still and don't move or I'll stop. Do you understand?"

"Y-yes, daddy."

"Good boy." He moved down my body and his mouth took my entire cock.

"aaahhhhhh" I yelled out. I was careful not to move and received a warning bite on my shaft to keep my mouth shut. I bit my lower lip hard to keep from making any noise. His head started to bob up and down my cock and his tongue worked itself over the shift and circled the tip. I knew I was going to cum. I bit down on my lip harder, until the metallic taste of blood filled my mouth. I shot my load, the most I had ever cum before in my life. He drank every drop and I laid as still as I could.

Around a mouthful of cum he gave me permission to make noise and thrust. Christ I started fucking his face so fast that I was amazed at my speed. I was moaning out as the sensations of orgasm overcame. I still felt the last drops of cum spurt out of my cock and into his mouth. He released my cock and let it limply fall to the side while he climbed back up to me, smacked my cheek lightly to get me to open my mouth, and he let the cum drip from his mouth to mine.

I had never tasted my own cum, but I could get used it. The salty taste filled my mouth and his tongue came crashing into my mouth as we kissed until we had swapped and swallowed the remainder of the cum.

He brought a key out of his pocket and undid the cuffs that had my wrists bound. I brought my arms down and noticed that marks and cuts from the spikes. Finally he removed my boxers, instructed me to take my shirt off, and I watched as he toed off his boots, pulled his pants off, and he ripped his shirt, buttons flying everywhere. He was naked with the exception of his socks. He walked around and stood at the top of my head. His balls and ass were right at my eye level, and I watched as he squatted down and dropped his large sac into my mouth.

I greedily sucked and licked at him and felt him bouncing slightly up and down. His hand was on my chest while I licked at his balls. "Put your hands through my legs. I'm going onto my knees, and I want your hands spreading my ass while you fuck my hole with your tongue."

I did as I was instructed and started licking his hairy asshole. I was moving my tongue in and out, then licking from his hole to his taint and sucking on the skin there. He moaned in pleasure, so I continued doing it.

He moved back up me and dropped his cock to mouth. Eagerly I started sucking on it, though it was more difficult at this angle. While I was sucking on him, I felt his hand on my balls while he moved them out of the way to get to my ass. He pushed my legs up to an uncomfortable angle and started licking and spitting on my ass.

Once he felt that he had gotten it wet enough, he stood and moved down to my feet. "Turn over, boy."

As scared as I was, I obeyed. I rolled onto my stomach.

"Knees up" yeah just like that he praised as I followed his instruction. "Now, on your forearms, but head to the ground." I did as he told me to and felt his hands grab my hips. I was panting on the ground, and it took every ounce of willpower I had not to push back into him. "I'm going to fuck your ass now. And if you're a good boy, daddy will let you ride his cock."

Slowly I felt him push the head of his cock against my tight entrance. I knew that I was tight, and I knew it would hurt. I was right. I whimpered on the ground as he moaned when the head of his cock popped into my ass. He stayed like that for a few moments before he began to push in more.

"I want to hear you, boy."
