 Outside, the wind rustled the trees causing them to perform a tap dance on the window.

Inside, silence and blackness.

I lay tied naked and spreadeagled on my best friend's bed at his lake house. My senses were heightened because of the blindfold. The foreskin of my dick was painfully stretched under its head. It has been a while since it has been in this position. A growing pool of precum formed in my pubic hair on my lower abdomen. The ropes held me so that I had little mobility.

After Mark had secured me to the bed, he left the room to go surf the internet to figure out what he was going to do to me. I trusted him when he said that he wouldn't do anything to cause me permanent physical, but I wondered what his fertile mind was dreaming up.

Earlier, I had covered his body from his neck to the soles of his feet with baby oil. I had used my fingers, palms, knuckles and the edges of my hand to spread, rub, massage, knead and pommel his body. In the process, I had pinched, pulled, twisted and bit his nipples. 

But, my main attention had been his uncut dick. I had licked, bit, nibbled, squeezed and pumped it. I had sucked and played with his balls, before concentrating on licking and probing his peephole, and sucking the head into my mouth. I had established a quickening rhythm of sucking and pumping his dick until he filled my mouth with Chianti flavored cum, as I shoved my index finger into his rosebud.

Now, I waited, completely at his mercy for him to return.

My thoughts drifted back to a night that my late wife, Connie, had been really creative. After I had massaged her, and licked, tongued and sucked her to two draining orgasms, she lay recuperating in my arms. One of her hands played with my dick, the other roamed my chest and pinched and twisted my nipples. 

She told me she had a surprise for me. I knew she was planning something special. She then tied me spreadeagle on our bed with cotton rope and blindfolded me. She raked my body with her fingernails, before leaving the room.

When she came back, I felt her place several items on the bed. The next thing I know, a damp brush lightly tickled my lips. I smelled the remnants of shaving cream. It was my shaving brush. She continued the devilish teasing on my ears, face, neck and upper chest. Pausing at my nipples, she spent several agonizing minutes teasing them.

She ever so slowly worked the brush back and forth across my chest, down my sides and circling my navel. Again, she paused there devoting some time to it.

All this time, my dick was throbbing, pulsing and drooling. Precum leaked onto my stomach. I arched my body to meet the brush strokes, and fell back away from it. I could hear her chuckling as she stroked my body. I knew she was enjoying what she was doing to my body.

Carefully avoiding my hard dick and balls, she continued stroking my thighs, legs and feet, even the soles. Abruptly the teasing stopped.

She crawled onto the bed between my legs. I heard a lid being unscrewed. The smell of Vick's VapoRub reached my nose. She gently massaged my balls. Almost immediately my balls began tingling and absorbing the heat. 

Next, she applied the VapoRub to my nipples. Both my nipples and balls tingled and burned. She sat back and allowed the intensity to grow. 

I was bucking, twisting and turning. My dick seemed close to bursting forth. I felt cum surging up my legs. She must have sensed that I was close. She squeezed the base of my dick, stopping the buildup. The pressure eased.

Suddenly, I felt her VapoRub-coated favorite dildo slowly probing my rosebud. My asshole was on fire as she gently pushed it deeper inside me. She pumped it in and out a couple of times, leaving buried deep inside me.

Holding the base of my dick tightly, I felt a coated finger inside my foreskin, circling my mushroom. She covered the entire head under the skin. My whole genital area was tingling, burning and creating an almost unbearable lust. I knew it wouldn't be much longer before I erupted.

As my legs stiffened, she moved her pussy to my mouth drove it against my tongue. She was as excited as I was. She bucked and ground her pussy into my probing tongue. She reached back and pumped my dick as the first of her nectar flooded my mouth. 

My cum exploded all over my stomach, her back and her ass. She collapsed on top of me. We lay that way, exhausted for a long time.

"Open wide," Mark said. 

I had not heard him come back.

"I thought maybe you needed a drink."

I felt something wet, round and cold being pushed into my mouth. A small, light chain dropped onto my chin. He quickly tied some cloth around my head to hold it in place.

"It's a tea caddy filled with ice," Mark said. "Besides, you need something get your mouth used to being filled. I see you've been thinking about what I have planned for you. I've gotten some interesting idea from the web."

He grabbed my dick and pumped it roughly a couple of times. He pulled the foreskin up to cover my mushroom.

"Don't go anywhere," he laughed. "I have to collect some other items. I'll be back"

What have I gotten myself into? I'm tied, blindfolded and gagged. Mark is searching for some items to use on me. Have I created a monster? He really seems to be enjoying his power over me.

Well, I ask for it, when I told him how kinky Connie and I used to be. What the hell? I'm just going to relax and enjoy it. I haven't felt this alive for a long time.

Cold water from the melting ice in the tea caddy trickled down my parched throat. My dick, which had been rock hard for several hours, softened and leaned sideways. It flopped about as I shifted into a more comfortable position.

"I'm baaack," Mark announced in his best "Terminator" voice. "Did you miss me?"

He grabbed my dick, squeezing it hard and pulling it straight up. I groaned and lifted my butt off the bed to ease the pain that shot through my groin. Mark eased his grip. I settled back on the bed. Pumping it several times, he yanked the foreskin down under the mushroom head.

He leaned close to me and said in a low voice, "I think you enjoyed giving me a massage, almost as much as I did receiving it. You found some very sensitive spots on my body that I didn't know I had."

I felt a finger drawing light circles on the palm of my expose right hand. Then, his fingertips slowly traced a zigzag pattern down the inside of my arm.

"I read somewhere that teasing and pain are powerful aphrodisiacs. So now, I'm going to relish seeing how your body reacts to my teasing and pain. Feel free to moan and groan."

His fingers grazed my ears, face, lips, and chin before trailing down and crisscrossing my chest.

My dick hardened as the sensations travelled through my body. I moaned, savoring them.

He rubbed my right nipple and flicked it with his fingernails. Then, he pinched it hard while pulling up on it.

I groaned.

He repeated the process on my left nipple.

Using all ten fingertips, Mark teased my stomach, sides and pubic hair for what seemed like an hour. All the time, my dick was throbbing and leaking precum. My whole body was flooded with tingling excitement.

Mark hummed to himself. Every time I reacted to his fingers, he spent several minutes on that area. 

WHACK, Whack, WHACK, Whack.

The fours blows from what seemed like a wooden ruler started just below my balls on my right leg. Other blows, alternating hard and soft, travelled down my leg and foot, then, moved to and up my left leg. They became harder and fasted as they neared my balls again.

I groaned and writhed under the assault. I could feel cum surging up my legs. 

Mark squeezed the base of my dick until I started to relax. 

"You can't come, yet. I'm not done."

Then, I felt a brush painting the soles of my feet. He quickly painted the inside of both of my thighs, moving closer and closer toward my balls.

I moaned. Mark climbed on the bed between my spread legs and covered my balls with brush strokes for several minutes. The strokes continued up and down and around my pulsing dick. He squeezed the base and concentrated slow grazing paths on my mushroom. 

I heard a low buzzing sound, followed shortly by a vibrator point teasing my rosebud. Mark eased it in and out of my asshole three or four times, before shoving it deep inside me.

I grunted and bucked about. 

He moved up until our hard dicks were touching. Wrapping his hands around both of them, he used his thumbs to mix our juices.

"I'll bet you're thirsty," he said, as he inched up my body, leaving a trail of precum.

Untying the gag and yanking out the tea caddy, he brushed his dick across my lips. I licked his head. He placed a pillow under my head as he eased his dick deeper and deeper into my waiting mouth. My tongue bathed it, as I sucked it deeper. 

He eased back until just the tip was touching my teeth. Grasping my head in his hands, he began a rhythmic assault. It didn't take long for him flood my throat with his cum. He kept pounding away as his dick softened.

"Wow, you were thirsty," he said as he pulled his dick from my sucking lips. 

Mark reached down and turned the vibrator on high, as he began pumping my dick. I was so close to exploding, that by the time he moved down my body, I covered his dick with my load. It was one of the most powerful orgasms I had ever had.

"You really shot your big wad, old friend," he said. "It's cleanup time."

He offered his limp, cum-covered dick for me to have my last drink. When I was finished, he rolled off me. Both of us were exhausted.

After he recovered a little bit, he removed the vibrator and untied me.

"This has been a veery interesting day and evening," Mark said.

"Yes, it has," I replied, drowsily. 

We drifted into a deep, relaxed and refreshing sleep.

Epilog: We spent the next day naked. We showered together, played an interesting game of pool, surfed adult websites, created a combined "Sex Bucket List", and discussed forming a Four S(Sensuous Seniors Savoring Sex) group. We wondered if there were other seniors who might be interested exploring the sensations of sex without guilt. 

We are not becoming obsessed with sex, but want to integrate it into our golden years. It is our belief that sex, without youthful hangups can be enjoyable.



If anyone is interested, I might be persuaded to write about some other Adventures. 