 Mark lay on the bed, arms at his sides, legs slightly apart, eyes closed. A contented smile creased his face. He wiggled his ass getting comfortable. The light from the cracked bathroom door splashed across his ass and face.

I stood beside the bed. A cascade of images flooded my mind...Connie wiggling her butt like Mark...my hands roaming her supple body...nibbling and biting her nipples...Connie's auburn hair settling on her shoulders...sucking my boyhood friend, Brian's dick...Connie's mouth engulfing my dick...her tongue circling the head of my dick under the foreskin...nibbling on Connie's clit....fingers probing her pussy...Brian bobbing up and down on my dick...my hands squeezing Connie's beautiful ass.

"Are you going to gawk all night? Mark asked without opening his eyes. "I'm waiting. And, I'll make you wait even longer, when it's my turn."

"Patience, friend." 

I spanked both his ass cheeks. Sitting on the side of the bed, I poured some baby oil into my palm and rubbed my hands together. I lifted his left arm across my lap and began an up-down motion along it.

My dick throbbed against his arm. He pushed his arm firmly into it. As I worked the oil into his skin, he wrapped his hand around my dick and squeezed it.

"Hey, I'm the one giving the massage."

I finished his arm. Then, I crawled onto the bed spreading his legs farther apart. As I settled between them, I leaned forward and poured some oil across his shoulders and down his spine.

My dick nestled between his ass cheeks, as I began rubbing the oil about his neck and shoulders. He lifted his butt and enclosed my dick. 

I swatted his ass. Increasing the pressure, I kneaded and spread the oil over his neck and shoulders.

"You sure are tense," I said.

"Who wouldn't be tense with his best friend's dick poking him in the ass?"

"Remember, you're the winner. Just relax and enjoy it"

He shifted his but and settled back down on the bed. "Oh, I am."

Using my palms, I smeared the oil all over his back, sides and shoulders down to the top of his crease. His skin absorbed the oil. I could feel him start to relax. With the sides of my hands, I marched all over his back. Then, I switched to my knuckles and vigorously probed the same area.

Mark moaned and groaned.

I added a line of oil across the small of his back and a bit at the top of his crease. Grabbing and squeezing his butt like a couple of cantaloupes, I massaged his cheeks, using my thumbs to spread the oil down his crease. When I brushed his rosebud, Mark moaned and lifted his butt. I pushed him back down. He sighed.

I drew lines of oil down both thighs and calves. As I worked the oil into Mark's thighs, my hands brushed his balls. My fingers pinched on his sack. I could feel the tension draining from him. 

Moving down to his calves, I rubbed and kneaded them. After devoting several minutes to them, I poured more oil in my palms and began spreading it on his left foot. Exerting pressure with my thumbs, I probed the bottom and side of his foot. Mark grunted and moaned.

"Relax," I said. "I studied Reflexology. All the organs in your body have nerve endings in your foot. I just hit some possible problems. We'll talk about it later. Nothing serious. I'm about done with your back."

I quickly picked up his right foot and covered it with oil. I finished his right foot, accompanied by a couple of groans.

Swatting his ass, "Time for the front," I said.

Mark turned over, sporting a big smile, and a raging, bobbing hardon. "I can see why Connie enjoyed your massages."

"I've had very few complaints, so far."

"You'll get none from me," he grinned. He settled back and closed his eyes. His dick throbbed and danced. Precum was smeared just below his navel. 

I moved between his legs. Our dicks throbbed against each other. I drew a line of oil across his shoulder and upper right arm. I massaged it into his arm and hand, just as I had his left arm and hand.

Next, I spread the oil over his chest and abdomen, rubbing and kneading it into his skin. I pinched and tweaked both nipples. Adding more oil just below his navel and down both legs, I worked it into those areas. I used my fingers, palms and thumbs to spread it all over. I purposely avoided his dick.

When I finished, I pushed his legs further apart and poured more oil into my palm. I gently smeared it over his sac, cupping his balls. My middle finger massaged the area below his balls and moved to tease his rosebud. 

I leaned down and sucked on the vein at the juncture between his right thigh and his pelvis. Licking and sucking his balls for several minutes, I did the same to the left vein.

"That feels sooo good." 

My lips and tongue travelled to the base of his dick. I licked, nibble up his dick and stopped at the rim. I spent several minutes attacking his dick. I stopped and wrapped my hand around it and pumped rapidly. 

Inserting the tip of my tongue into his peephole, I slowly bathed his mushroom before sucking the head into my mouth. Mark tensed and shoved his dick deep into my throat. I sucked and tongued it while continuing to pump it. 

He grabbed my head with both hands, holding it firmly while ramming my mouth. We quickly set up and rhythm. Mark's legs tightened around me.. I shoved my oily index finger deep into his rosebud. 

"I'm about ready to blow my wad," Mark yelled. The tempo sped up. "Here it comes. OOOOOH!"

I felt the spurts of cum filling my mouth and throat. They seem to have a salty taste. I drank every one hungrily. I continued licking and swallowing until the shooting slowed. Savoring every drop, I kept licking and cleaning dick, until it softened and slipped from my mouth.

"WOW, that the best massage and blowjob I've ever had," Mark said, as he fell back limp and drained.

I rolled over and lay beside him.

"You weren't kidding when you said you give great massages. I had a tough time holding off before you finished my back."

As he recovered, Mark pinched and tweaked my nipples. His hands and fingers roamed over my chest. He avoided my throbbing and pulsing dick.

"I gotta go pee," Mark said. He rose slowly and headed to the bathroom. 

I lay back, smiling. At least I had given my best friend something to remember. I was a little frustrated, but somehow contented.

"You'd better go take a leak. It might be a looong time before you can," Mark said. "When you're through, come back and lay face up on the bed, and keep your eyes closed."

He quickly left the bedroom. Back on the bed, I wondered what Mark had in mind. I trusted him, but I was a little nervous about what he might do to me. I was about to find out.

Mark returned. I felt something being tied around my head. I opened my eyes and couldn't see anything.

"Spread you arms and legs."

He roped me spread-eagle on the bed. Pumping my dick a couple of times, he pulled the foreskin below the head of my dick.

"You trust me? Right?"

"Yes," I replied.

"You know I won't do anything to hurt you. You might be a little sore by the time I get through with you. I'm checking out a few sites to get some ideas. Are you okay with that?"

"I...I guess so. I've never done any hardcore stuff."

"Neither have I. I just want to get some ideas. Okay?"

"What can I do, now, to stop you?"

"I'll leave you now to do a little surfing. You can ponder what I'm going to do when I return."

I heard him leave the room.

To be continued...Ted's Adventure.