 Author's Note: This story is inspired by/for slave sal of Florida. It is a fantasy of what his perfect slave life would be, and who knows, maybe it will come true. Of course, I couldn't help but put myself in it as well :) . I'm also conforming to some of his slave voice style of writing. There will be some "inspired by actual events" parts as well. Enjoy!

*****

sal looked over the Dining Room, everything was placed perfectly. he slowly walked around the table, checking each place setting. All was in order. Master would be so pleased. sal went to the kitchen to give one more check to be sure everything was staged correctly. he would be busy and if he left anything out, he'd be delayed, and he knew that would lead to punishment. Canapes ready. Champagne chilled, glasses all sparkling. sal checked his list, every item was done. If he failed, sal would be totally at fault. 

Glancing at the clock, sal realized the first guest was due in a few minutes. he put on his servant uniform. It was the second time that day he had to wear something. The first time was when the caterers delivered the food for the evening. That was just a thin pair of running shorts, he couldn't shock the delivery men, but he did want to suck them off. he was sad he didn't get a chance. The servant uniform was better. There was a white band around the neck, with a black bow tie, the black over white continued in a single strip to a small black pouch held on his hips by a white waist band. sal went into the lounge to present himself to his Master. 

When he entered, Max looked up, sal standing at attention, hoping for approval. Max didn't make any indication for a moment. sal felt a surge of panic, what if he had done something wrong? What if he didn't look exactly as Master wanted? 

"Good boy. Is everything ready?" Max said, still looking stern. 

"Yes, Master." sal remained nervous. How this night went would all be on him. The doorbell rang.

Max snapped his fingers and pointed in the direction of the door. 

"Yes, Master." sal said and went to answer it. 

There were three men at the door, the first of many guests. sal ushered them in and into the presence of his Master. While the men were greeting each other, sal rushed to open the the champagne and pour it into nice stemware. Placing the stemware on a silver plate, he returned to serve the men. The only recognition the slave got was the feel of hands on his ass and thighs, sending thrills through his body. All the guests would know he was available to them. 

Master and His guests chatted as sal stood attentively in the corner, looking for any indication he was needed. Periodically the bell would ring again, and more men would arrive. This was an anniversary party, and the happy couple, Christopher and Robbie, arrived last, all totaling 19 guests, Master made the total 20 men, all talking and enjoying themselves.

Not checking that his slave was ready, Master announced they should go to the dining room, and everyone began to do so. sal followed at the start, but headed to the kitchen to put the first course on a cart to serve. In the dining room, as he had been instructed, he started not with his Master, but one of the guests of honor, putting the small plate before the blond man. In doing so, sal felt a hand stroke up his inner thigh, make it to his pouch and give it a light squeeze. The next man did the same, followed by one drawing a single finger up his spine, after that, a man left his hand rest on sal's ass. The next put a finger or two inside the slave's ass hole. All throughout setting out the first course everyone felt parts of his body. 

Once everyone was served, sal moved the cart out of the way and stood to be summoned. It was going to be tricky, serving a formal dinner to so many all by himself, but he had to make his Master proud. sal didn't get to stand still long. The glasses needed refilling, and he had to act as the perfect waiter and servant for the large group of men. he was constantly attentive for the slightest indication he was needed. sal had to rush from one side of the table to the other. The men were already starting to play with him. As he fills one glass, then he was summoned to the other. he couldn't run, it wouldn't make Master happy. So he had to walk briskly. Hands became freer in touching his body. Some men would turn in their seats to touch him. sal never avoided the hands, they had every right to touch his body any way they chose.

At a sign from Max, sal began to gather the plates. After getting a few, a hand found its way into his pouch and felt his cage and lightly drew a fingernail across his balls. It didn't hurt, but it did cause them to draw up a bit. It was thrilling. he couldn't pass near a man without contact. sal's cock was chubbing some in his cage, sal knew his Master expected it, and it would please Master.

sal quickly reloaded his cart with the next course, knowing every second counted, that he had to hurry and make no mistakes. he'd have to serve more drinks the instant he served the last plate. 

As sal approached the dining room, he heard the voices of the men, all having a great time. They ignored him as he served them, except for feeling his body. Some of the men started to pinch him. It didn't hurt, but sal had to concentrate not to keep his perfect serving going. Any mistake would get him punished, and sal had promised Master not to make even the slightest error. Master had a reputation to maintain, as the best host. In addition to Master's retribution, sal would punish himself. Disappointing Master would devastate him, and he'd beat himself up over it. 

sal succeeded in serving the second course, put up the cart and began to pour drinks. The slave never got a chance to stand still. his eyes were peeled for glasses low in alcohol, so he could fill them without instructions. he was mostly successful, and was sure he saw a slight smile directed to him by his Master. 

The main course was next, and sal got the plates before Master and his guests before picking up a bottle to start on drinks. Maybe he'd get a small breather? No, any time he thought everyone was fully served, someone would finish their glass and hold it up for a second and sal would get right on his job. his work brought compliments of his training to his Master, filling sal's slave heart with pride of what Master had done to him. Master deserved all the praise for the evening, it was His training that made sal the slave he was, so Max got the praise. 

Another wave by Master had sal collecting the plates again, and returning to the kitchen for the next course. sal realized how fortunate he was that Master had catered this meal, since sal was already exhausted. If he had been cooking everything in addition to having to serve it, he would have been a wreck. Master had planned perfectly, as always, arranging a meal that could be served and enjoyed by His guests, and all the work would fall on sal, just as it should. sal knew Master should be rewarded for His kindness in setting up these arrangements, and wonder if sal would need to find something more to do for his Master or if Master had already decided on a price. If sal did think of something, and Master had already decided on what Master's reward would be, sal knew he'd be doing both. As he pushed the cart to the dining room, sal decided it would be best to be prepared and have a thank offering already in mind. 

This was the desert course. Little anniversary cakes for everyone. sal started with a larger, shared cake for the happy couple, before going to serve Master and the rest of the guests. As soon as the last plate was down, sal had to put up the cart and start on the champagne again. One guest bit sal's butt, not hard, but enough for sal to have to concentrate not to spill. Everyone was congratulating the couple, saying how happy they were for them, and how handsome they looked together. sal continued his servant role, keeping the glasses filled. 

One guest made an obvious drop of a fork, when sal bent over to retrieve it, the guest came out of his chair, grabbed sal's bent-over hips and made a few fucking motions to the delight of everyone. sal stayed bent over until the guest finished and slapped sal on the rear letting sal know he could go on. 

With the cakes done, Max waved for the plates to be removed, and sal obeyed, quickly returning to see if more drinks were wanted. Entering the room, sal saw Max standing by his chair. "Let's have a little entertainment. slave, up on the table, walk the length slowly."

"Yes, Master." These were the first words sal had said for a while, and he obeyed with the required enthesium. Using his Master's chair to get to the table top. Knowing he was on display, sal walked the table, being sure to place his feet where space permitted, even if he couldn't show that he was carefully watching. his performance was appreciated based on the sounds of the men. 

When sal had been the length of the table and back, Max said "Take off your uniform, and do it again." The men all laughed, and sal quickly removed the small amount of clothing he was wearing. This trip was even more appreciated, and the men reached out to feel his legs, the rest of the slave being too high to easily reach from their chairs. 

As sal approached his Master the second time, sal could see the slight smile that indicated Master was pleased. To the men He said, "Coffee will be in the lounge, if you all will follow me." In a lower voice for sal He ordered "Back into your uniform slave." Max lead the men back to the lounge, and sal put his uniform back on. sal instantly went to the lounge where a coffee urn and cups were already in place, beginning to pour and serve the after dinner drink. 

All the men had been served, and were slowing enjoying their coffee and sal was watching for needed refills. Discreetly standing by his service station, one of the men came up to him. sal kept his eyes down, in the process noticing that the man had nearly a full cup, so wasn't here for more coffee. 

The man's free hand went from sal's shoulder to his ass, beginning to knead it. "You should belong to me, I'd have so much fun with you." The man whispered into sal ear. Then louder, "Hey Max! Can I use your boy for a minute? I've got something that needs to be taken care of." The man gripped his crotch quickly before letting go. 

All the men laughed, and sal's eyes darted to his Master. "Go ahead, just don't take too long." Max returned to his conversation. 

"This way boy." The man turned to walk out of the room, knowing sal would have to follow. And sal did follow, his gut screaming that he was in trouble, and hoping Master would rescue him, but knowing it would not happen. 

In a side room, the man turned and unfasted his trousers, letting them open up. sal knew his duty and obediently knelt before this man who caused him such concern. "Get on it slaveboy." The man said with a sneer. 

"Yes, Sir." sal opened his mouth and used his hand to get the hardening prick into place, starting to suck as soon as the head passed his lips. 

"Oh fuck yeah." The man leaned back a bit. 

sal worked hard on the blow job, knowing that as a slave he had to give his all. But sal was worried. This man had clearly indicated he wanted to take sal from his Master. sal didn't want to leave his Master, but that was actually Max's decision. Max could easily let this man borrow sal, or worse give or sell him. sal knew he would have to tell his Master as soon as he could, but the slave knew he wouldn't get a chance before the party ended. Max would not like being pulled aside to deal with sal's fears. sal would just have to wait until they were alone.

The man had a good sized dick, and quickly started to fuck sal's thoat, grabbing sal's head with his hands for more control. sal let him set the pace, of course, and did his best to give the man every pleasure. "Damn, I need you around every day to do this for me. I'd really teach you some tricks." sal shivered inside at the comment, but could not lesson his effort. The man had a right to use sal, especially since Max had agreed, but sal felt the man wanted to take full ownership of him.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck." The man came in sal's mouth, pulling back far enough so that it hit the slave's tongue. sal dutifully looked up, holding it in his mouth. The man gave a wicked grin. "Swallow it bitch. Taste the man who will become your master."

sal swallowed. "Thank you, Sir." sal then moved forward, in accordance with his training, and began to lick the cock before him clean. "Fuck, you're good. I'd pound your ass hard boy. Real hard. Would you like that slaveboy?"

"Yes, Sir." sal instantly answered. 

"I know you would, you'd be walking funny all the time. Ha. I'll get you slaveboy, just you wait." The man put his genitalia away and pulled sal up to his feet, turning him around and giving a harder than necessary slap on sal's ass. "Get that sweet ass back, you have work to do cumdump."

"Yes, Sir." sal answered, putting on an inconceivably small amount of speed so not to be alone with the man any longer than necessary. 

Giving the blow job had put sal behind in serving coffee to the guests, and the slave had to do his best to catch up. Hands were free on his body, lingering as he poured and walked by. sal felt like a piece of meat, and he loved it. sal knew his humble servitude to the men was making them all admire his Master, and that his Master was envied for the way Max had trained sal. The guests were mostly talking, sitting or standing around, taking advantage of a relaxing evening. Only sal was working, all the men had to do was enjoy themselves. As the evening wore on, the guests gradually made their excuses and departed, having had their fill of fondling sal as much as they wanted. The man who sal had blown was the last except for the anniversary couple. 

Max and the couple were seated in chairs, and talking quietly, sal near a corner, head down but attentive should he be needed. "So, I have a present for you." Max said to the couple, who gave slight protests. "No, you can have sal for the night. he'll show you to a guest room, let you get settled while he attends to me, and return to you. You can do anything you want to him."

"Oh, that's great!" "We'll love that!" they said, standing as they didn't want to wait.

Max snapped his fingers and pointed towards the staircase. sal lead the men to their room up one floor. As he did, he felt their hands on his ass. sal knew he was in for a long night. Opening the door to a guest room, sal gave a bow to usher them in. The men embraced each other and kissed as sal silently closed the door. 

As sal turned to go to the master bedroom, he caught sight of Max coming up the stairs, so he waited for his Master. When Max came near him, sal said "Master, I need to tell you something." Max had made it very clear that if something important came up, sal was to tell him, not having to get into a position indicating he had a question or whatever. Speaking first signaled that it was a serious matter. 

Max stopped and looked at sal. "Yes, boy?" Max's face showed concern, sal would not be bringing up some minor point, and Max would give it full gravity. 

"The man you had me blow tonight." sal began.

"Aiden." Max provided. 

"Yes, Master. Sir Aiden. He said he was going to make me his slaveboy. That i should belong to him." sal was looking at the floor. 

"And what do you think about that. The truth boy." Saying it this way meant Max wanted to know what sal really thought, not just the agreement expected of a slave. his actual opinion. Max may not follow that opinion, but he wanted to know it. 

"i love being owned by you, Master. i don't ever want to stop being Your slave." sal hazarded a look at Max's face. Max appeared deep in thought. 

Silence prevailed in the hall a moment. sal hoped Max wasn't thinking of giving him to Aiden, but he couldn't tell. It would be Master's decision in the end, sal wouldn't have any say in the matter. 

"Well, I haven't tired of you yet. So he'd have to wait. He's still a man, however, so at the club or wherever, you'll be bound to obey him. But never forget, you are my property. I come first." Max finally said.

"Yes, Master. Of course, Master." sal still held onto the hope that Max would keep him, and not give him to Aiden, but he could never be sure. And he would have to obey Aiden like he did all his superiors.

"Now, let's get you ready." Max started to his room. 

"Yes, Master." sal followed, knowing what was next. 

Max had a small surprise for the anniversary couple. sal was fitted into a large silk bow, like on a present, crossing his chest in an "x" like a harness. It was bright red and matched a smaller bow tied around his balls and caged cock. sal had removed the uniform he was wearing, and was just in the bows, looking at himself in a mirror with his Master. "Perfect." Max said. sal looked a bit ridiculous, but Master wanted it, so sal obeyed. "Get going, we don't want to keep the happy couple waiting."

"Yes, Master." sal left his Master and returned to the guestroom, knocking on the door. 

When it opened Robbie said "Oh, look at this present!" And pulled sal in to show his husband. He and Christopher had taken some of their clothes off, shirts open, revealing well-defined chests. sal stood there while Christopher came up.

Feeling sal's body up and fiddling with the bows the men enjoyed themselves a bit. "We should unwrap our present." Christopher decreed. 

"Sure, boss." Robbie agreed, giving the big bow a pull. It easily came apart, falling to the floor. Robbie ran his hands over sal's newly exposed chest. 

Christopher grabbed sal's cock cage, giving it a jiggle "Slave's little dick is all locked up and wrapped up for us. No boner for you." He laughed, then ran his hand along Robbie's jawline. "Aren't you glad I didn't put you in one for tonight?" 

"Yes, thank you, boss." Robbie sounded both grateful and a bit put out that that the idea was even considered. 

"Get down and take it off him." Christopher told Robbie.

"Yes, boss." Robbie knelt down before sal. For sal, it was an odd feeling, no one ever got on their knees before him. Christopher looked down at his sub, who ran his hands over the parts of sal's thighs closest to his cage and balls, bringing them close together to hold them cupped in both hands. Robbie's fingers found the bow and pulled it apart, letting it fall to the floor. "Our present's all unwrapped!"

"This is going to be fun." Christopher pulled Robbie up. "Let's get our clothes off." 

"Sure, boss." They quickly stripped, and climbed on the bed, sal stayed standing, awaiting instructions. 

Christopher and Robbie arranged themselves on each side. Christopher patted the bit between them. "Here boy, between up, feel up our bodies, mirroring each other."

"Yes, Sir." sal got between them, starting on their sides, just above the hips. sal's hands moved in perfect unison up to brush the nipples before going down the chest to the Apollo's girdle, then diverting down their thighs to the area of their knees. 

sal went around the knee to the inner thighs, and up to the balls. sal's hands went over each pair of balls still in sync. Together they groaned, not as well matched as sal's hands, but showing that the slave's work was doing as intended. 

sal moved his hands up to the cocks, and lightly stroked them. The groans got louder, and sal moved up their bodies to the far nipples. sal moved his hands across their chests and back down, lightly drawing his nails over their skin. Once sal reached the dicks again, Christopher moved to kiss Robbie, and Robbie moved to kiss him back. Now the men's bodies were angled up and sal concentrated on the cocks, slowly stroking them up and down as the men's kiss became more passionate. sal watched them, still moving his hands up and down on the penises. 
