 I realized I was gay at the tender age of 18. Strange how it happened, I had never thought about it or had any desires until one day.

My family lived in a decent part of town near a big city park. The end farthest from us was a busy amusement park with pool, tennis courts, basketball courts and all kind of things to do. It was an old park and probably a bit too large for the smallish city to maintain it all, so it had been decided several years before to let the west end return to a more natural state. That is where I loved to ride my bike.

After a while, I needed to pee and instead of riding home or all the way to the other end of the park, I remembered an old restroom I had seen on a trail I didn't go down often, so I headed that way. I rolled up and dropped my bike and ran into the restroom as I needed to pee really bad.

I stood at the urinal ripped open my jeans, pull my cock out and let piss fly. I really didn't realize how much I was moaning and carrying on until I heard it echo a bit, and laughed to myself. I hadn't heard anyone else come in, but suddenly there was a tall black man at the urinal next to me even though there were two more available. He moved in close and unzipped while I was still peeing, but for some reason, I was getting hard, so I stepped closer too so he wouldn't see.

I heard his piss hit the bottom of the urinal, and it sounded like a gusher, I figured he must have had to pee as badly as I did, and just about the time I glanced over to take a peek, he stepped back, and his huge cock came into view.

My eyes must have popped open wide and my jaw dropped! I can remember it like it was yesterday, that image is burned into my mind!

Suddenly it felt almost as if someone had kicked me in the balls, I know I grunted loud because I heard it echo off the tiled walls of the restroom, an orgasm of previously unknown force hit me suddenly, and I staggered back a step just in time to shoot a huge stream of cum onto the wall in front of me above the urinal! It was soon followed by a couple of more jets of equal force, but less volume!!

I heard him whistle and say, "Holy shit, that's a huge orgasm for a small guy! Were you jacking that thing?"

I couldn't talk, I could barely stand and just shook my head no. "You must have really liked seeing my big ol' dick then huh boy?" Still not able to talk, I shook my head and shrugged my shoulders as I damn near passed out!

The big man grabbed my shoulders as I started to crumble and kept me from hitting the floor. He led me toward one of the stalls and sat me down on the toilet and told me to take a couple of long, slow deep breaths.

I did as he said, and when my eyes focused again I realized that his huge black cock was still dangling out of his fly, and was swinging back and forth as he moved. Suddenly it was like I was hypnotized! I couldn't take my eyes off of it!

He reached out and ruffled my hair and said, "I think you are going to be alright now..." He turned to walk away and I managed my first word, "Wait!"

When he turned back toward me with his cock still swinging in the breeze he got a big wide grin on his face, "You want to touch it, boy?"

I slowly nodded my head yes and he moved his huge cock right in front of my face and I reached out my hand and gingerly touched his cock. Not only had I never seen a black cock before, I had never seen a cock that was uncut. I was curious, amazed and so fucking turned on and hard that my young dick hurt!

Over the next few minutes I had reached out and touched the huge dangling cock and he told me how to touch it to make it feel good. I was literally panting and for the first time in my life, I was so turned on, I felt precum dripping off my balls without touching my own cock.

When he first told me he wanted me to kiss it, I almost recoiled, but as soon as the thought made its way through my young horny mind, I knew there was nothing I wanted to do more! Within seconds I leaned in closer, now really catching his scent and soon drug my tongue up about half the shaft of his cock getting dangerously close to the leaking head.

The way he had me holding his cock as I licked, pulled his foreskin forward and it formed a small cup of crinkled skin above the head of his cock and the leaking slit. The cup was half full with clear slick fluid and when he told me to taste it, again I almost recoiled, but he had me reach down and get some off of my leaking cock and taste it! Soon I was dipping my tongue into the skin cup to have my first taste of someone else's precum and was immediately hooked.

In less than 10 minutes I had shot my load just from seeing my first black cock, I had touched it, smelled it, stroked it and licked it, now I was dipping my tongue into his foreskin like a staved kitten licking up his salty/sweet cock juice.

Soon I was panting, and my balls were aching again, and without being told I wrapped my lips around the crinkled skin and slurped all the juice he had to give. Somehow I knew how to savor it on my tongue. Then he tilted my head up, and said, "Share some of that with me!" Lowered his mouth to mine and my first kiss was with a total stranger who happened to be at least a 25-year-old black man! The sharing of precum became a passionate kiss and I did shoot another load as his large hands roamed over my young body! This time he leaned over and licked what cum he could salvage from my still throbbing boycock and shared that with me too!

When he broke the kiss he offered me his cock that was now harder, longer and thicker than I imagined, and I did my best to suck and lick it as he instructed. It was now like I was just experiencing a continual orgasm, I soon felt that I could shoot again, but thankfully it didn't happen.

When my jaws were aching a bit he pulled away and told me to stand up and change places with him. He sat on the toilet and I stood in front of him, only he told me to turn around. I shivered as he pulled my shorts down and again whistled and made a big deal about what a gorgeous butt I have and how he could just eat it all up!

And then he did!

I almost jumped when his thick lips touched my butt cheek and he started kissing all over. It was hot and exciting, I thought it was strange, but the most amazing feeling I'd ever had until he started licking!

My mind almost couldn't process it, and I guess he heard me panting again, so he stopped for a minute. He asked me if I liked it, and I was so embarrassed I couldn't admit it, but I shook my head yes. He smiled really big and said, "Good, now let's get those shorts off!"

He made me feel proud and embarrassed at the same time as he complimented my body, my cock and mentioned the fact that I was getting hair down there, that made me feel more mature as I had been a late bloomer.

He licked my belly and then my nipples and that made me shiver. Soon he turned me around again, had me bend over and hold onto the door frame. He started licking my butt again, and after a while spread my cheeks and ran his big wet tongue from the back of my balls to the base of my spine. I let out a loud moan and shivered but didn't cum.

He did it several times and I loved it but liked it most when his tongue went across my butthole. I guess he figured that out and soon he was only licking my little virgin hole. It almost made me pass out, but without warning, he slowly slid a finger into my tight hole and I started to pull away. He calmed me down and licked my hole some more and I realized it felt even better since he had fingered me a bit. So soon he fingered me again, then licked then fingered back and forth until I was panting again, I was actually pushing back on it!

He kept complimenting me on how gorgeous my butt was and what a good, good boy I was, and I was loving every minute of it! Then it happened, the second finger! I jumped again and wanted him to stop, but again, he licked my hole and talked me into it, and after a while, two fingers felt better than one.

I could feel movement behind me and when he had me turn around I noticed that his pants were now off too! I asked him to take his shirt off like I had, and he just smiled and took it off. I loved the look of his tight muscled body and after I got up the guts to touch it the thick wiry hair on his full pecs and tight belly. That was also the first view I got of his manly bush, and I was surprised and how full and thick it was, it really made him look like a man.

He pulled my face to his and kissed me deeply, and told me he wanted me to suck his cock some more and this time get it really, really wet. I did as he asked and later he had me straddle him and press my cock against his hairy chest.

He spit a lot in his hand and started rubbing it on my butthole and I figured out what he was planning next. I was scared shitless, I told him there was no way his huge cock was fit into my tiny butthole. He smiled and said, "Don't be silly, I'm just going to rub my cock on your hole, and you're going to love it!"

So I moved into the position he told me to and he got his huge cock in my crack and started rubbing up and down, I had to admit it felt even better than his tongue. Every few minutes he would spit again and rub it on my hole or on his cock finally centering the head of his cock against my 18-year-old virgin hole.

He had me riding on it with his cock completely outside of my hole, but pressing against it harder and harder and it did feel amazing, but I realized that as soon as it started to slip into my hole at all it hurt. So he stopped and licked and fingered my hole a lot more, and I got back into position and after a few more times the head slipped into my hole. I almost saw stars and hollered.

He calmed me down again and did more licking and fingering. lt felt good and hurt at the same time because he used more fingers. This time when I got into position he told me he wanted me to give him the best kiss I could, to take a deep breath, push down on his cock and push out like I was going to poop and everything would be fine.

That was a lot for me to process, but I did as he said. The head slipped in again, but this time it hurt but didn't make me see stars. I jumped off again and said, I didn't want to do that anymore, but with his low calm voice he talked me into it.

So after getting everything all wet and slick again, I got on for "one" last try. His kisses were hot and amazing, his cock easily slid into my hole, and with some pressure on my thighs from him from above at the same time he was pushing up from below, the head and a couple of inches slid in. I threw my head back and moaned and shot again! My boy cock and balls were rubbing against the thick wiry hair on his chest combined with the stretching open of my hole and his cock pushing across my prostate I shot gobs. He knew what he was doing and took advantage of the situation to fuck me deeper, harder and faster. I did almost pass out and realized from his moaning that he was shooting too!

I wanted it to end, but he just kept going, and in less than 30 seconds it was feeling good again, but I felt weird and raised up and got off. I stood there and stared at this huge gorgeous naked black man sitting on the toilet grinning from ear to ear, with this HUGE cock sticking up from his thick bush. I REALLY couldn't believe that huge cock had just been inside of my butt. It was streaked with goo and cum and looking at it really turned me on!

Again he pulled me to him and kissed me again which turned me on, and then he told me to lick the cum off of his cock! I was shocked and didn't want to, he looked at me as if I just really didn't know, and said, "Look boy, you are a true natural cock whore, you just saw your first black cock and fell in love with it, you love my precum and you're going to love my cum too!

With that, he put his hand behind my head and pulled it to the head of his cock. Soon I was licking and sucking and working to get every drop of his cum. Next, he spun me around, bent me over and literally sucked his cum out of my hole, he pulled me in for a kiss and fed me that too. Then I was pushed down to lick the streaks of my own cum off his chest and stomach.

Before I knew it he was up off the toilet I was bent over it and his huge cock slid easily into my no longer virgin boy hole! To say that he threw me a rough fuck would be a bit of an overstatement, but to say it was caring and gentle would be a "gross" overstatement. For someone who had never been fucked before, and was taking a thick about 10" cock, it was over the top. I wasn't quite hollering, but I was moaning and grunting. Luckily he didn't ever go all the way in, but he went as deep as he could without hurting me too much, but the weird thing was that I still liked it, no loved it and wanted it to keep going!

He explained to me about the spot way up inside me that was like another butthole and it had to be coaxed open like my butthole, first he was gentle when he hit it, then harder, and finally he just stopped against it, held me by the hips and slowly increased pressure. Yes, I shot again! Once that subsided he started assaulting my hole and going deeper and deeper. He would pull all the way out and shove way back in, battering that sensitive spot deep inside of me. After a while he became gentle and when he gave me a false sense of security and I was really getting into the shorter strokes, he rammed in hard, pushing past that sensitive spot and I shot, yet again!

He had me reach back and hold my cheeks apart and when he pulled out he whistled and said, what a beautiful pussy he had turned my ass into, telling me that my hole was open about the size of a fifty cent piece and that I was turning into a "REAL" cock whore. While holding my cheeks apart he was pulling all the way out and pushing all the way back in, and suddenly I was hearing and feeling lots of air and juice squirting out of my hole.

Again, I almost passed out when he finally pounded his load inside of me, and I could actually feel it filling me up!

He pulled out he made me get on my knees and suck his gooey cum covered cock again, and swallow it. Then he licked my hole and sucked his juice out of it and fed it to me. I was so dazed that when he pushed my face down onto the toilet seat and commanded me to lick my own cum off of it, I just did it!

I collapsed naked on the floor in front of the toilet and as he pulled his clothes on and left, he said, "Now don't worry, your hole will be fine, it may be a little sore tomorrow, but it will be fine. I can't be here tomorrow, come back Wednesday at the same time, you'll feel funny about all of this, but you already know you want to do it again!"

He bent down and kissed my forehead and left!

It took me a few minutes to gather myself and get my clothes back on. I walked out the door and was getting on my bike when I saw a man of about 40 jogging to the restroom. He kept looking at me and made me feel like he knew what I had done, so I jumped on my bike and road off fast!