 It was late spring in 1973. I had just finished a 4-year stint in the army and I had only been home a few weeks. My parents were asleep for hours. It was 2:30am, and I was wide awake, so I got dressed and went out. I called it dressed. My mother would've called me a bum. I saw nothing wrong with wearing sweat pants, T-shirt, sweatshirt jacket, and sneakers with sweat socks. I'm heading uptown in the middle of the night. 

Once uptown I went to the All Nite Movies. A dive at best, the theater was on its last leg. The only customers they ever had were drunks, bums homeless people, and me. The building was small and once I paid the $1. admission, I entered the concession area which was closed at this hour and led to the theater. I quickly found a seat and watched a B&W movie called, "Toys in the attic" which was boring. 

After a half hour of this boredom I headed for the men's room for a smoke. The restroom was down one flight of steps. Half way down you could smell the odor of urine and cigarette smoke. Five men were in there smoking. One was virtually blocking the doorway, so I had to excuse myself, to enter the room. 

The man blocking the doorway was a tall black man wearing an army field jacket and denims. He barely left me enough room to squeeze by. Facing away from him, I slipped between him and the door jam. As I went by my butt brushed by his groin area. I could've sworn he pushed himself against my ass. 

The men's room was L-shaped. There was the sink area where everyone was smoking and there was the toilet and urinal area. I had my back to the toilet area as I smoked to keep my eyes on everyone. While the black man and I were not dressed for prom night, at least we were clean compared to the others. One was drunk and the other two were scruffy and dirty. 

As I smoked, I noticed the tall black man was starring at me. When he saw that I caught him looking, he nodded hello. I nodded back. When I say tall, I mean taller than I. I stood 5 ft. 7 and weighted 150 lbs. The tall black man was at least 5 ft. 11 and weighted around 200 lbs. Except for his bushy black mustache his face was clean shaved. Compared to me he was tall. Our line of sight was broken when the drunk was staggering out of the men's room. This time the black man moved completely out of the way, giving the drunk a wide berth. With the drunk gone, half the stench of urine and liqueur had also left the room. We all gave a sigh of relief and then smiled. 

With the drunk gone we resumed our line of sight. I noticed he was powerfully built. While his field jacket was baggy, you could see his ABS clearly outline his tight T-shirt. As my eyes dropped lower, I could see his thighs were bulging against his pants. He was handsome! He finished his smoke but he didn't leave. 

Still leaning against the doorway, the tall black man hooked his thumbs in his front pockets and just let his fingers hang in front of his groin. Then slowly the fingers of his left hand began to caress his cock bulging to the left inside the pants. He kept rubbing his cock through the pants. I had put my butt out on the floor and quickly lit another. His cock had now reached the three o'clock position in his pants, making it easier for him to rub. 

Now it was my turn to get caught looking at his cock grow beneath his pants. My eyes moved to his and embarrassed I moved my eyes to the floor in front of me. I couldn't believe I was staring at this man's cock! As my eyes were now locked on the floor in front of me, the tall man walked over to me and asked me for a cigarette. His left hand never moved from his cock. 

I reached into my jacket pocket and brought my Marlboros out and flipped the box top open for him. As he picked his cigarette from the pack, the two scruffy guys took this action as their chance at a free smoke too. That's when the tall black man spoke. 

"He doesn't have any smokes for you," he said. "You guys were leaving anyhow." 

Obviously intimidated, the two scruffy guys stumbled over one another leaving the men's room and causing the door to shut after they left. The tall black man smiled as he leaned against the sink. I smiled too, but nervously. 

Now it was just the two of us. My heart rate was increasing because now his left thumb was no longer hooked to his pocket. He was openly stroking his cock through his pants. I couldn't help but watch. His hand and cock were like a magnet to my eyes. And that thing in his pants appeared to be getting bigger. 

Then he looked at the ceiling, closed his eyes and moaned. That didn't bother me. What bothered me was I was getting excited. I was sweating a little and a stream of it started rolling down the crack of my ass to the rectal lips. I took one last look, watching his hand stroking that hard cock. He caught me looking again, damn it. I unconsciously licked my lips. Not because I wanted him to see that. But because my mouth was getting very dry. 

He just smiled at me. My hands started to shake and my nipples were getting hard as was my cock. Sweat was rolling down my forehead and I was getting flush. I moved to the sink next to the one that he was leaning against and bent over to splash water on my face. The tall black man turned toward me to ask if I was ok. I shook my head yes as I cupped my hands to sip some water. When I finished, I dried my hands on my jacket. 

As I turned to him I was shocked to see his zipper was open and a big black cut cock was standing up at a 45-degree angle, like a flag pole. I don't know how long I stared at it, but when I tore my eyes away and looked at his face., he just smiled again and said," I had to let him out. He was getting hot in there." 

My legs were trembling as I staggered to the urinal behind the toilet stalls. I had to get away. I was turned on. I was scared because of that. As I got behind the toilet stall he asked, "Hey, where you going?" 

"To pee," I whimpered back. 

If I didn't have to pee at the sink, I was about to piss my pants by the time I reached the urinal. I pushed my sweat pants and shorts down below my ass cheeks just in time to relieve myself like there was no tomorrow. My hands and knees were still shaking as I finished my piss. The tall black man was standing next to me, cock still out and up being stroked by his left hand. 

His right-hand resting lightly on my shoulder as he whispered in my ear, "Better shake it off." 

I did what I was told and his hand trailed down my back to my ass cheeks. I was still shaking it off as my own cock started to grow in my hand. He spoke again, "Your ass is nice and firm, I like that." I felt his hot breath on my neck, as he continued, "I think you're done shaking him off. Why don't you stroke him like I'm doing?" As I glanced down at his black and purple cock, his right was massaging my ass cheeks. His middle finger was working its way in the crack. 

My legs were stiff as hardwood and I was stroking my cock a little faster when he kissed my ear and told me, "Move your legs apart, baby." 

I moaned as I slid my legs apart, stroking a little faster. His middle finger was toying with my rectal lips. He didn't have to tell me again. I spread my legs even farther. His finger was trying to enter my hole which was lubricated with my sweat. I was picking up the pace on my stroking; my moans were getting a little louder and a little longer. He pushed his finger into my ass hole. And I pushed my ass toward his hand. While he was finger fucking my ass, my heart was banging in my chest; my temples were pounding my head and I was stroking my cock furiously. The tall black man pushed his finger all the way up my ass as he pushed his tongue into my ear. The muscles in my rectum snapped tight around his finger. 

There was no longer a rhythm to my frantic stroking and my ass was jerking in no particular direction when I came. I didn't notice that I moaned like a girl. My body went into a spasm as I sent torrents of cum onto the urinal, onto my pants and onto my hand. I hadn't noticed that after I came, I collapsed to my knees on the floor, kneeling before the tall black man with his cock inches from my face. My eyes were glassy as I wiped my cum soaked hand across my lips. A drop of my own spunk had dribbled into my mouth. I was slowly coming out of my cum induced trance. 

The fist thing I heard was the man say, "Whoa." My pants and shorts were still around my thighs. 

Now I realized I was on my knees with his big cock still being stroked before my eyes. It wasn't like he had a giant dick. It was just bigger than mine. His balls were rising and falling in rhythm with his every stroke. I noticed that my own limp dick was still dribbling cum on myself and my ass hole burned and tingled. 

He spoke softly, "You really loved it didn't you baby?" 

I looked up and nodded stupidly. Watching him as he released his cock for the first time to unbutton his pants he pushed them down as far as he could without bending over. He ordered me to pull them down to his ankles. As I complied, his beautiful cock bobbed against the side of my face. I felt a shiver of pleasure rush through my body. My nose barely slid along the cock stem and the hairs on his balls brushed on my lips. I was getting hard again. 

When his pants were around his ankles, I backed away from his cock a few inches. I couldn't believe I was half naked on my knees, waiting for the next command that was sure to come. I started stoking my cock again. The sticky cum that was left over from my orgasm was adding pleasure as I stroked the foreskin of my uncut cock. I didn't have to wait long. 

"I want you to lick my balls from bottom to top," he ordered, and added, "give my balls a tongue shampoo baby." Before I could move to him, he lowered his cock head and wiped a large drop of pre-cum on my lips. "Taste good?" he asked, "don't worry there will be a lot more where that came from. A lot more. Now lick baby lick," he commanded. Another shiver went through me. I was turned on. 

I moved my mouth to his balls and brought my tongue between the two testicle sacks and worked my way up. "Lower," he said. I moved my tongue lower this time licking up. "Lower, underneath, come on shampoo my balls bitch," he barked at me. "And moan like you did when I fucked your ass, sissy," he yelled at me. "You owe me." 

I did owe him and he owned me. I was a little shocked that he was talking down to me, humiliating me. My cock was completely hard again. I did my best to make him happy. I even moaned a little as I moved my head against his thigh so I could get my tongue all the way under his heavy black balls. I licked for all I was worth and slobbered all over his balls. My saliva was dripping down my chin onto my shirt. The tall black man was getting his shampoo! 

While I was lathering his balls, I worked my cum sticky and sweaty palm over my cock head until I came in my hand. The cum seeped through my fingers and onto my pants. I was a mess, moaning like a girl again, my mouth and tongue still working the lather on his balls. 

He looked down at me and demanded," Did you cum, did you cum again?" 

I nodded and whimpered, "Yes sir," weakly. 

"You're nothing but a white slut; you need a little more control. From now on you will call me MASTER." I shook my head yes. Now I was getting scared. He growled at me, "Say it now!" 

He smacked my face with his cock as I responded, "Yes Master."

He then ordered me to lick my hand clean, and I did. It was the first time I tasted cum. I got more on my face and jacket sleeve than I did in my mouth. 

When I was done cleaning my cum with my mouth he made me take my jacket off and wipe my face clean. He then took my coat and threw it on the concrete floor behind him. He also had me take my T-shirt off and he cleaned his thoroughly shampooed balls with it. "I want to cum in your mouth before you sprinkle yourself again like a cheap whore, understand?" he muttered at me. 

"Yes my Master," I responded. I was learning. 

"And don't you dare bite me," he added. My knees were killing me; kneeling on the unforgiving and dirty concrete floor. I leaned my arm on the large sink like urinal to take some of the pressure off of my knees. 

My tall black Master squatted and brought his large cock head near my lips. He instructed me, "You can use your mouth gently but don't suck hard I'll guide you." Before I could say yes Master, he had that big head against my mouth and past my lips. "Just suck it bitch." 

As I slurped a cock for the first time, I thought to myself, 'I'm a cocksucker; I'm a cock sucking, ball licking, shampoo slut whore. And I'm sucking my masters' big black cock.' I was getting hard. This was unreal. My Master only allowed his cock head in my mouth. He was still stroking it with the same rhythm he had used all along. His finger and thumb never touched my mouth. His head felt comfortable in my mouth. I liked it. I was getting harder even though my thighs were aching and my knee pain was getting worse all the time. 

The Master began to gently rock his hips, allowing more of his cock in my mouth. His hand strokes were getting shorter. I dimly remember hearing the bathroom door open and shut. "That's my bitch, that's my slut, suck it like that, I'm close," he grunted at me. 

I also heard someone else say," Holy shit." 

The master's rocking and stroking started to quicken. He ordered me, "Moan motherfucker moan." 

I moaned and hummed as my slobber ran from my mouth; gobs of it left my mouth and fell to my lap. I brought my hand to the top of his thigh and used my thumb to caress his ever tightening balls. His cock head swelled as his piston was moving faster. 

"Now bitch now!" 

His rocking and stroking stopped as he spurted his hot, salty, pungent cum filled my tired aching trap. My legs were numb with pain and were shaking from the strain. But my cock was fully erect again. Then I heard my master say, "Swallow it like a slut should." 

God knows I tried, but as he pumped more and more cum in me I gagged and the spunk slid out and down my chest. He pulled his still cumming member from me and spewed a string across my head and face. He then poked that man cock back into a grateful face pussy. There I was taking all this big beautiful cock could give, obediently moaning as instructed. 

Then I collapsed onto my feet, no longer able to kneel on my knees. I leaned back against the toilet stall and moaned as I took my fully erect cock in my hand and was jerking off. Once more I heard the new guy say louder, "Holy shit!" 

My tall black Master used his left hand to lean forward and over me on the stall and continued to pump his sperm on my face and head as I tried to see who was watching us. It was no longer shooting from that hard cock but simply pouring from the cock like a spigot. And finally he was done. I had his sticky cream all over me. My hair, my face, my chest my lap, even down my balls and onto the dirty concrete floor. My Master's cum was mixed with my saliva and stringing its way from my mouth to my belly. 

The Master turned from me to face the urinal and started pissing hard in the bowl as it splashed on me. I didn't care. I was close. When he was done pissing he demanded my T-shirt. I gave it to him and he cleaned his cock and his hands, pulled his pants up and left, yelling back to me, "Thanks . . . bitch." 

It wasn't long after that the other guy who was left in there with me was one of the scruffy guys. He snickered as he stepped to the urinal took his dick out and pissed in the bowl, smiling at me the whole time. I was still jerking off but I had to stop and pull pants and shorts off so I could spread my legs out a little. When I repositioned myself, the feeling was returning to my legs and ass. It was then I realized I was sitting in a puddle of cum. And I didn't care. 

I started to jerk off again, as the scruffy guy turned to me shaking the last piss drops on me. He asked me if I wanted to suck him too. I shook my head no. Next he asked me if I minded him cumming on me. I shook no again and continued to beat my meat. I was so cum crazy I would've sucked him, but I just couldn't kneel anymore. It didn't take scruffy long to cum on me. I came soon after for the third time in less than fifteen minuets. 

I then came to my senses, except for my socks and sneakers; I was sitting naked in a pool of mine and two other men's cum, not to mention what I swallowed. I was now a scruffy cock sucking, testicular shampooing, cum swallowing, sperm wearing, semen puddle sitting whore bitch slut with a little piss thrown in for good measure. 

I used what was left of the T-shirt and shorts to clean myself off as best I could. As I was putting on my sweats the other scruffy guy came in and just looked at me. His friend made the suck sign with his tongue and cheek. But I was leaving and my night was over. I got a few strange looks on the bus ride home. But I made it home ok and while showering I managed to cum one last time. It didn't take me long to fall asleep now. 

I went back to the All Nite Movies a few more times. I never saw my tall black Master again. I still sucked some cock in the same men's room but not like that first night.

I want to thank Angel Love for editing and fixing this story. She made it easy to read.