 Chapter 1

I could not believe it; my application for an apprenticeship had been granted. I was to start next week at the oil refinery. OK, sheet metal work was not the most romantic of professions but at least it paid well for an apprentice and that was all that mattered to me. I could learn a trade and get paid well for it in the process.

I had just turned 18. I was a shy boy and had no real experience in the world. My body was slim, not an ounce of fat on me. I was told I was good looking but had no conception of it at all. I liked certain sports like running and training with weights. I would dearly loved to have been more muscular but no matter what I did I could not put on any weight. I had no sexual experience to speak of. My only vice was masturbation, I was terribly shy around girls and found myself blushing in the presence of other good looking boys. I didn't know what homosexuality was all about in those days. I know I liked to play around with my own body and would masturbate several times in one day. My fantasies were strange and I was too embarrassed to talk about them with anyone. I would constantly envisage myself in torture situations. I think it all stemmed back to when I was very young. My brother and I played a game where we would lightly flay each other with a small stick. The sensation of the stick hitting me on my bare back excited me very much. So I am guessing all this kinky torture stuff came from that one small episode in my past. Anyway, as I said, all this was my little secret and I could not have possibly talked about it with anyone.

Naturally, like a lot of boys my age, I loved my cock. It was not long but it was quite thick. To me it was a work of art and having seen some in pictures I thought mine looked better than most. I did not have much pubic hair; in fact, I had very little hair on any part of my body apart from my head. I had quite a thick head of light brown almost blond hair. I kept it at medium length just coming down over my ears. There was some curl to it and I was very proud of my hair which I washed every day to keep it looking good

My first day as an apprentice was rapidly approaching. I had no idea what to wear. I went out and bought a couple of pairs of jeans and some denim shirts. I went for the hard wearing stuff as the job sounded like it would need something like that. I really didn't know what to expect but it all sounded very exciting.

So the day came and I strolled in through the gates of the refinery. I had not seen anything quite like it before. It was all big metal structures with all sorts of valves and pipes coming out of them. I could hear lots of steam hissing from all over the place. There was also the occasional roar of something very high pressure being released. It was interesting but scary at the same time. 

Once inside the gates I was taken to the sight manager's office. He was a man in his mid fifties with a bald head and white hair at the sides. He was a big built man and had a very imposing appearance. His name was John Blunt, I laughed inwardly. 'Blunt by name and blunt by nature,' I thought to myself. He wore a very smart tailored grey suit which gave him the appearance of someone in charge.

"Well young man, this is it. This is the place where you have chosen to spend the next five years of your working life!" He leaned back on his chair and ran his eyes over me.

"You don't seem to have much of a physique but I am sure this work will build you up in time." He continued to stare at me.

"So I need to be muscular then?" I replied, meeting the man's incessant gaze.

"No not really my lad but this is a tough place and sometimes it can be a case of the survival of the fittest. I am sure you will get used to it in time. Most of the apprentices that have passed through here have managed to get through it."

I was not sure what he meant by 'survival of the fittest,' but I wanted to give this job my best shot. There were not many jobs that paid this well while under training.

"Come on then, let me introduce you to the men." With that he got up from behind his desk and led me out.

We walked across some open ground to a large wooden hut. Blunt opened the door and ushered me inside. There I found about a dozen or so men all seated at long bench tables casually chatting. As I entered the hut it all went quiet.

OK lads, this is our latest apprentice who has just joined us. I feel sure you will all give him a warm welcome and make him feel at home here."

There was a small amount of muttering going around the room. 

A big man nearest the door spoke up. "Ah fresh meat and such a bonny lad as well. He should fit in very nicely." Everyone in the hut laughed

"Anyway, I will leave him in your capable hands." With that Blunt walked off and left me standing in the doorway staring at all those faces.

"What's your name young fella?" Said the big man at the front.

I swallowed before I finally managed to squeak out the words. "My name is Brian."

"Well we are very pleased to meet you Brian." Come and sit down and tell us all about yourself."

So for the next few minutes I gave them all a brief resume of my life thus far. There was not much to tell really as I had led such a sheltered life. 

I learned that the big guys name was Ronnie Scott. He had a rough unshaven appearance and I thought to myself that I would not like to get on the wrong side of him. He came from one of the rougher parts of Glasgow. Eventually all the men introduced themselves to me. They came from all parts of the UK. They all looked like a pretty tough bunch; I was like a fish out of water among them. I guess we all have to start somewhere in this life and here I was, about to give the whole show my best shot.

Right at the back was a younger looking man called Bobby. He told me he was nearing the end of his apprenticeship. He volunteered to show me around the refinery. 

I was quite relieved to have him as my guide on the first day. The others were so intimidating and made me dreadfully nervous to be around them. I put it all down to my underlying shyness to the world in general.

Bobby was great, he had an amusing and witty quality to him and I felt very comfortable in his presence. The refinery was huge and Bobby told me that we could not possibly see it all in one day. 

"I will get the lorry driver, Alfie to show you the rest of it. There is a place called the tank farm. It consists of 14 square miles of oil tanks. You have to see it to believe it. It is so desolate down there; it is like being in another world. You can walk around for hours and not see another living soul." 

Bobby could see the incredulous look in my eyes. "I like you Brian but you will have to toughen up to work here. Being a new apprentice has its drawbacks believe me!"

I was puzzled. "What do you mean by drawbacks?"

"Well I won't go into them in detail at this time because I don't want to scare you away on your first day. But be advised, things will happen to you as a young apprentice!"

With that remark he scared me even more. "Please, tell me what you mean, you are worrying me now!"

"Have you come into this job without any knowledge of what goes on then?" He looked surprised.

I stammered. "Well errr....yes!"

"Well as a new apprentice you will experience what I can only call initiation ceremonies."

I just stared at him and wondered what the hell he was on about! "Tell me about these ceremonies."

Bobby was hesitant. "I don't want to put you off this job Brian but I think all apprentices go through these experiences no matter where they work. Don't worry, you will survive. Look at me, I have." He let out a small chuckle

I was sort of relieved because here he was alive and living to tell the tale. Whatever the tale was.

"So tell me, what is going to happen to me?" I waited for his answer with baited breath.

"Please don't worry yourself too much Brian. It is all done in good fun. They just play tricks on you and try to humiliate you a bit. It's all part of the game that the tradesmen play." Bobby just seemed to want to shrug it all off.

"Can you just give me some small idea of the pranks they play?" I continued to push him on the subject.

"If I tell you too much they will consider me as a snitch and then they will turn on me. And I definitely don't want that to happen!"

"You have got me very worried now." I gave him a pleading look.

"OK, just one then."

Bobby then described how they had tied his hands behind his back and put him underneath a large metal bin. And then went on to say how they banged the top of the bin with hammers making it very deafening inside and hurting his ears.

I was quite relieved to hear that was all these pranks were. I was thinking all sorts of things that were far worse. I guess that was my warped mind working overtime again.

I left my inquiries at that and gave Bobby a rest from any further questions about 'initiation ceremonies.' He seemed much relieved.

Chapter 2

The next day after a quick chat with the other men I was told to go and see Alfie the lorry driver. He was going to take me down to the tank farm and show it to me. I found him near the main office and said hello to him. 

Alfie was a man in his late thirties with a stocky but powerful build and tightly cropped curly hair. He seemed like a happy soul and appeared to take an immediate liking to me. This put me at my ease straight away.

"Come on then young man, climb aboard. Let's take you for a little ride." With that he climbed up into his lorry and started it up.

I quickly followed and sat next to him in the cab. We seemed to have driven for quite a long time; it must have been at least 5 or 6 miles to the tank farm! I was amazed at what I saw when we got there. The huge tanks just seemed to go on for miles and miles and of course they did. It was a strange eerie place with no sign of life. Alfie seemed amused at my wide eyed amazement.

"Big huh?" He chuckled

"Yeah, massive." I replied. 

Having driven around for a while we came to a small wooden hut with some bits and pieces stored outside under a tarpaulin. 

"This is where our men base themselves when they work down here. In this hut they have their lunch breaks in between working among all these tanks. It can be very lonely down here at times. It is not a very popular place to work but someone has to." Alfie stopped his lorry just outside the front door of the hut.

"Come on, let me show you around." Alfie jumped out of the cab.

Having fumbled with some keys Alfie eventually managed to unlock the door to the little hut. The inside was a smaller version of the one back at the main compound. It had a metal topped table running down the centre with wooden benches on each side. Apart from that there was not much else to see.

Alfie went outside and over to the tarpaulin nearby. He then unbuttoned the bib and brace he was wearing and started to pee all over the tarpaulin. I found myself staring at him. Not because he was having a pee in such an open place but at the sheer size of his cock. I had never seen one as big as that ever. 

Alfie spotted me staring at him, which seemed to amuse him very much. "How would you like to use this as a tow rope?" He chuckled

His remark snapped me out of myself. I had not realised I had been staring so intently. Alfie of course was excited that I had found his big dick so interesting. I, on the other hand, had just been amazed at its bulk and embarrassed that he had caught me staring at him. 

Alfie had a broad grin on his face "Did you like what you saw?"

I had no answer for him. I was too embarrassed at what I had done. He had totally got the wrong impression of me.

Alfie pushed me back into the hut and against the table. He started to rub his groin into mine. I went red with embarrassment. 

"Mmmm....you excited me the moment I saw you young fella. You are so pretty for a boy!"

He continued with his grinding.

"Please don't do this Alfie. Please stop!" I pleaded

He took no notice of my pleas. My behaviour had excited him and I now knew I had given him the wrong impression. His grinding became more intense. By now he had me totally pinned to the table top. The whole weight of his body was on me. I could not move, I was trapped! I carried on begging him to stop but he was having none of it. I felt his big hands pulling at the front of my jeans. I froze at this latest assault on my clothing. Before long my fly was open and I could feel his fingers eagerly seeking out what they wanted. With expert ease Alfie undid my belt and pulled my jeans down below my buttocks. I tried to struggle but he was too strong for me. I then felt my briefs being pulled down. He had totally exposed my genitals; I could feel a cold breeze on my groin. I was dyeing with embarrassment.

"Alfie no, please don't do this, I don't want this!" I pleaded with him to stop but he took little notice.

"Come on you little fucking tease, give in to me, you know you want this. You have been asking for it ever since you got here!" 

"No I don't want this; you have got the wrong idea of me. Now stop please!" I begged and begged. I was really scared now

Alfie ignored me. He carried on groping me with his big fat fingers. Then to my utter horror I found myself responding to his squeezing of my cock and balls. I thought to myself. 'No no this can't be happening!' My cock was starting to become erect. How can this be? I did not want this, so why am I getting an erection?

Naturally Alfie could not help but notice what was happening. He became even more exited and really started to rub the shaft of my cock hard. My treacherous member continued to grow and grow and in a short while was rock hard and pulsating!

"That's it Bri Bri, come on let it all out, you know you want this!" He began to salivate

I was now totally at the mercy of his pummelling. I could feel my juices rising. No one on this earth had ever taken my cock in their hands like this. This was a whole new experience for me. So many feelings were running through my mixed up head. Shame, humiliation, sexual excitement, all rolled into one.

Alfie ripped open my shirt and started to bite my nipples. I screamed in pain. It hurt but at the same time it was exciting. Then it happened, I felt myself convulse. That incredible feeling you get when your balls tighten just before you cum. So intense, so wonderful, so shameful! Then whoosh, out it all spurted. Gush after gush after gush of that gooey white sticky liquid spilled out of me. I felt it squirt all over my belly. I heard my assailant cheering at what he had accomplished. He had ravaged me, raped me, if you could call it rape. Can it be rape if deep down you wanted it and responded to it? I was so confused and deeply ashamed of myself and Alfie knew it, of that I am sure.

"It didn't take long to make you cum my lad. You must have been gagging for it!" He was laughing at his own joke as he licked up the sticky goo on my belly. It repulsed me, how could he do that?

"Mmm...there is nothing quite like the taste of a young man's cum." He ran his tongue around his moist lips.

He then started to turn me over. "No not that please Alfie, I really won't let you do that!"

"Then you will do something else for me then." He chortled. "On your knees!"

"W..w..what!"

"I said. "On your knees, you can swallow my cum to thank me for the pleasure I have given you"

"No please Alfie I have never done that to anyone. I don't want to do it!" I was begging for mercy again!

"Well, the choice is yours Bri Bri, in your mouth or in your arse. What is it to be?

I really did not want to do either but given the choice I could not have taken his thick penis in my arse. He would have split me open

"Come on, you little shit, mouth or arse. What is it to be?"

After some hesitation I mumbled "Mouth." And sank down on my knees.

I found myself staring at his crotch. As yet his giant dick was still inside his trousers but I could see its huge bulge. His hand moved quickly to his zipper and he pulled it down. In a split second he had released that huge lump of meat of his. It flopped out in a semi flaccid state but became erect the moment he saw the terror on my face with seeing it so close up.

"Suck it my darling boy. Suck it for all it's worth. I want to squirt my cum down your throat. I want to see you swallow it all!"

I squeezed my eyes shut as I took his bulk into my mouth. I could hardly get my lips around it. The head was so large. It looked like it was going to shoot there and then. It seemed even bigger this close up. It was like a big purple balloon about to explode. I opened my mouth wide and he pushed it deep inside. It felt all warm and smooth. I am sure I could feel it pulsating. Then it started to happen again! The whole situation was starting to excite me. I was starting to get hard for the second time. I hoped Alfie would not see it, but see it he did.

"You really are a little slut aren't you?" I heard him say.

I could not answer him as my mouth was full of his meat. He started to push it deeper into my throat and I started to gag. 

"Mmmmphh......ackkkk.....guckkk!

I could hear Alfie laughing his head off. He loved every minute of this as he shoved it in and out.

"Suck harder you little fuck, suck like your life depended on it!"

I did as he said. I have never sucked anything harder than this in my life.

"Cup my balls. Caress them, come on!" He grabbed a handful of my hair and pulled my head into his crotch. I felt the head of his cock hit the back of my throat.

Soon after that I felt his balls tighten as he was about to shoot his load. Then he came and came and came. His warm sticky liquid hit the back of my throat and slowly ran down into my gullet. It was a strange taste. I could only liken it to warm seawater. It was not repellent to me, just not what I had expected. Then again, I did not know what to expect really.

"Good boy, open your mouth. Let me see if you have swallowed it all?" Alfie peered into my open mouth and satisfied himself that I had swallowed the lot.

I bowed my head in shame. My emotions were all over the place. I felt the shame the humiliation and the pure sexual adrenalin of it all rolled into one. Alfie put his hands under my armpits and hauled me to my feet. He looked me deep in the eyes, searching in them to try and get some idea as to what my feelings were with regard to what had just happened!

I stared back at him. "Please Alfie; don't tell anyone about this, I am so ashamed!"

Alfie looked relieved. "Don't worry; it will be our little secret. I won't tell anyone what a little cum slut you are. You can be my very own little sperm bank!"

"No please, this must never happen again. I don't know what came over me but this is the first and last time!" I felt a tear run down my hot cheek.

"Your arse is mine Bri Bri, all mine and don't you forget it!" He gave my face a little pat with his huge hand. "And I love this nice podgy cock of yours, it is very pretty. Next time it will be my turn to suck you off!"

I just shook my head. "No Alfie, no more. This is a one off for me!"

"If you think this is the last time we will do this then you have got it all wrong my son!" He patted my cheek again. "If you don't want this to get out then you will do what you are told. You are mine know, all mine!" He laughed out loud.

He caressed me all over; I felt my skin tighten as the goose bumps spread over it. 

"You may not know it but you have body similar to a young woman. So slim, so beautifully proportioned. I could eat you up." He tweaked my harden nipples. I felt myself wince at his touch. 

"Well, we have to be getting back to the main office. As much as I would love to explore you some more." He then shoved his mighty phallus back into his trousers. I was still standing there. Shirt wide open, trousers around my ankles and cock still in a semi flaccid state. Alfie bent down and kissed my cock which twitched to the touch of his lips. 
