 (Straight Gay F/mteen M/mteen Cuckold Gangbang) 

All characters are 18+ Years Old. This story contains sex between adult teenagers and Male/Female. A couple is captured and abused by a lost tribe in the Amazon forest. But even in this unlikely scenario, a romance will blossom between the married man and the young guide, while his wife rediscovers an interest for sex. If you don't like this type of story leave right now, you've been warned.

MAIN CHARACTERS: 

Sarah = 33 Wife and Documentarist

Jeff = 35 Husband and Cameraman

Jose' = 18 Young Guide

Sarah was a young film maker and producer, she's always been fascinated by documentaries since watching one of Sir David Attenborough documentaries, so following her passion she managed to create a small production company. Her business was making decent money, her last documentary sold quite well, but Sarah wasn't happy, she needed her business to be a success, but she also aspired to be the next Sir Attenborough, therefore she was always on the look out for something really special, something that could make her a star.

One day she was casually watching an old National Geographic documentary about an Amazon tribe that still lived in a primitive way, she thought it was really interesting but she found some problems with it. The documentary was rather old with grainy images and it didn't cover the tribe every day life as she would have expected, she thought that the film maker could have done more to showcase how life really is within a tribe untouched by technology and western civilization. It was then that she had the idea. 

Why not make a modern documentary about a lost Amazon tribe? She talked about her idea to her husband Jeff, who didn't seem too excited about the prospect. Jeff was Sarah cameraman, she hired him five years ago when she created her company. Working so close together, the two became very close and eventually married. But even after the marriage the strong woman retained the reins of her company leaving her husband in the role of a simple employee.

Jeff was a quiet man, it was Sarah who wore the trousers in their relationship, so he never really objected to any ideas her wife came up with, and that was also the reason why despite his reservations, he succumbed to his wife crazy idea to spend a month in the Amazon jungle. As it was still a small Company they had to keep costs at a minimum, so it was only the two of them, but at least they were well equipped with; two professional Cameras, a small hand held camera, two Laptops and of course their smart phones. Basically they were carrying a precious cargo and Sarah was more worried about their equipment being stolen or damaged than the danger of the jungle itself.

It took them five different flights to get to the small town of Rio Sao Miguel. It was a small town, but with access to a small airport just big enough for a small piper plane, it was also their last stop in a somewhat civilized outpost, they would rest for a full day before adventuring in the jungle.

As soon as they arrived they met their guide, a young man about 18 years old. He was clearly a local native, his strong face features resembling those of the tribesman Sarah watched in the old documentary. His name was Jose' and he was a strapping young man as tall as Jeff and with similar body shape, but while Jeff was a bit out of shape, Jose' had the lean and toned body of a surfer. The three of them greet each other, Jose' spoke decent English, although he wasn't exactly fluent, but he was the best guide for the job, since he grew up in the village they were aiming to visit.

Jose' seemed like a nice lad, and him and the couple hit off straight away, he confirmed he was 18 and studied English with his uncle who was also a guide. His dream was to move to the USA, he was tired of living in the jungle, he wanted to try all the exciting things he saw watching Hollywood movies. Even though the couple explained to him, that those were just movies, the boy kept talking with the same enthusiasm, asking questions about life in America. Eventually it was night time and they all retired to their respective rooms for a much needed rest before the long journey.

They got up early in the morning, the sun was barely up, the three of them loaded the canoe with the equipment then got on the small boat, heading upstream along the river. Jose' was mainly doing the rowing with Jeff sometimes helping out. During the journey the two males of the group seemed to bond brilliantly, Jose' seemed really keen in knowing everything about the blonde American hunk.

Sarah noticed that, and when Jeff approached her to get a packet of chewing gums from his backpack, suggestively she whispered to him, "It looks like you made a good impression on the young man..."

"Umhh?" said Jeff confused.

"I think our guide is into exotic blond Vikings," smiled Sarah referring at Jeff Swedish ancestry.

"What you talking about?" he said confused.

"Jeff...are you that naive?" she smiled.

Jeff looked over at Jose' who was rowing effortlessly, the boy beamed him a big smile. "Ohhh...you think?" Jeff entertained the possibility that the boy was flirting with him.

"I can't blame him...it's not everyday you see hot blond hunks around here, you would be a rare catch indeed," she teased him.

"Right...lucky me..." he said sarcastically and added, "Well, at least I don't have to worry about keeping an eye on you, was worried the young man would be all over you," Jeff joked.

"Does that mean I'll have to keep an eye on you then?" she teased him.

"You know I am not into that," Jeff said taking it a bit too seriously.

"Yes honey, I know. Be nice to him though, he is just a boy..." she said.

"You know me..." he replied.

"Yes, Mr Nice..." she said, her sarcasm was quite obvious, she then added, "He is cute though," she could not stop teasing her husband and enjoyed him blushing in embarrassment. Jeff just shook his head.

After 3 hours journey they finally reached their destination. But as soon as they got off the canoe, Sarah knew there was something wrong. The villagers were wearing regular clothes, mainly T-shirts and shorts, one boy even had a worn out Football jersey, the women were cooking in steel stoves and the men were handling modern tools like machetes and garden scissors.

Jose' introduced them to the tribe, starting with the elders. Sarah tried to hide her disappointment, but the more she looked around the village the more her disappointment grew bigger. The last straw was when Jeff started to prepare the cameras, all the youngsters gathered around him, with hand gestures they were trying to attract Jeff attention, inviting him to turn the camera towards them. This tribe was obviously being contaminated by the modern world, not exactly what she was hoping for.

So when everyone else was busy, she grabbed Jose' on one side and said to him, "Jose', I am sorry to say that, but this isn't what I was looking for...I was looking for something uncontaminated, look around, all it's missing is them tapping on an Iphone and checking their Facebook account!" That was a hyperbole of course, but the young native got the point and seemed to understand.

"Are you sure there isn't any uncontaminated tribe around here?" Sarah asked.

The boy pulled a funny face, like he knew something he didn't want to tell.

"Come on Jose' you know something," she insisted.

"Yes, there is tribe that lives up river...but dangerous...bad people," he replied with his broken English.

"Can you get us there?" she insisted.

"No...bad people...they kill, we can't go," he replied looking pretty worried.

"There are not bad people, only people who defend their territory, if we let them know we are coming in peace they will be fine. Remember, your tribe probably did the same many years ago, and now look at you...you don't look like a killer to me," she said.

But the guide didn't seemed convinced, he actually looked quite scared. Sarah knew she was going nowhere with him, so she breached the ring of children surrounding her husband and sitting beside him, she explained the situation, then she asked, "Could you please use your charm to convince the young man?"

"Sarah, come on, the boy knows the area and if he says it is dangerous, we should not go there," he replied.

"Bullshit, with this kind of mindset, America would never be discovered and we would never had landed on the moon...you know how local people are, they listen to local legends who have been passed over generations from mouth to mouth, probably inflating reality for a narrative purpose... come on, make me happy," she looked at him with her bunny eyes.

He could not resist her, particularly when she was so cute, which rarely happened, since Sarah was usually not very cuddly.

"Ok... entertain the kids," he said passing the camera to his wife while he got up and crossed over the village to sit with Jose'. Sarah noticed the two men talking animatedly. After a while Jose' started to smile and nod his head while Jeff often patted his thighs. She smiled at her husband subtle technique, she didn't know her husband was so good in the art of seduction, particularly with members of the same gender. After 15 minutes Jeff came back with the good news. They would spend the night in this village and first thing in the morning they will head upstream hoping to find this tribe who never met modern civilization.

There was barely any light when, in the morning, the three of them started packing things and loaded the canoe, then when everything was ready they got on the boat and headed upstream. This time there was less chatting than the previous journey, Jose' was nervously looking around, surely regretting his choice. After two hours of rowing Jose' looked tired, Jeff noticed that and he offered to row in his place, but Sarah spotted a nice area clear of vegetation where they could disembark and get some rest. Again Jose' didn't seem too happy but eventually succumbed to the strong woman will. Once settled, they start eating some canned food, but suddenly they heard some noises. They all looked each other scared shitless, suddenly a group of eight men surrounded them.

They were all completely naked and they were pointing their spear towards them. The group was frozen for a second, then Jeff and Sarah raised their hands in the air to let them know they weren't dangerous, but the natives didn't understand that gesture and menacingly pointed their spears to their face. At this point Jose' said something to them, though he was visibly shaking. The natives all looked at him and started to speak, Jose' was gesturing a lot which meant that probably he was having problems communicating properly but never than less there was a conversation going on, which seemed like a good start to Sarah.

After 10 minutes of talking Jose' turned towards the two Americans and said, "Ok. He said to follow."

"What about the equipment?" said Jeff.

"Leave it...they are not happy we here," suggested Jose'.

So the three of them stood up and followed four of the men while the remaining four were right behind them pointing their spear towards their back. They walked few minutes in the jungle when they finally reached the village which wasn't too far from where they beached their canoe. The warriors in front were immediately welcomed by a bunch of kids, but as soon as they realized the presence of strange white people, they just stood there observing with their curious eyes. The small group of adventurers were escorted to the centre of the village. Shortly they were surrounded by a curious crowd of natives fascinated by this strange fair skinned people.

Sarah looked around, there was no sign of modern civilization, everyone was completely naked, only the older men seemed to have their body covered by some war paint, while the youngsters and the females weren't adorned with anything. These people had the typical 'bowl' haircut she observed watching that old documentary, this was definitely the right place, she thought.

Sarah observed that the majority were young males, she figured same age as Jose' some looked younger than others but certainly no kids, she thought that in this environment people would die pretty young, it looked like the youngsters outnumbered the elders two to one. Even in that kind of situation, Sarah could not avoid noticing how athletic they all looked, in particular the young ones, but what attracted her attention was what the males sported between their legs, they all seemed pretty endowed.

Most of their penises were 6 inches at rest, same size as her husband when he was fully hard. She suddenly looked at Jose' who seemed as impressed as she was. He was ogling each and every single male crotch with great interest. One of the elders, probably the Chief, approached a Warrior and spoke to him briefly, then he turned to Jose' and started talking to him.

The two Americans watched in silence Jose' gesticulating his way through the conversation. There was a lot of finger pointing, then after a while the Elder said something to what it looked like the lead warrior, this suddenly turned against Jeff menacingly pointing his spear toward him. This prompted Jose' to jump between the warrior and the American man, while frantically saying something to him. The native warrior eventually relented and backed down.

At this point the elder spoke to Jose' again and after nodding few times the young guide started to undress. As he did so, he turned towards the Americans and said, "Get naked...they think it is disrespectful to cover our body."

"What?" Jeff said. This caused one of the warriors to raise his spear to his face.

"Please...they kill...be naked," said Jose' with a worried expression on his face.

Reluctantly the two guests started to get naked. Jeff was the most shy of them all, realizing his cock was much smaller than any other male in the camp, he wasn't too conformable with it. But no one really seemed to care except for Jose' who looked pretty interested in Jeff striping off. When Jeff noticed that, he got even more embarrassed, realizing that Jose' cock was at least 2 inches longer than his. But there wasn't time to get too shy and all, the situation was escalating rapidly. Suddenly two warriors grabbed Sarah arms and dragged her towards a big hut.

"Ehi! what the fuck?" protested Jeff, but that caused another spear to be pointed towards his face.

"Calm...she is ok...trust me," Jose' said trying to calm the man down.

Jeff watched her wife disappearing into the hut, then suddenly one of the warriors who was guarding him pushed him onto the ground. Another one approached him and tied a rope made of strong leafs to his neck, "What's going on Jose'?" he said terrified while being restrained by the two men.

"Shhh...don't fight... they wanted to kill you, but I said you are mine, so be calm," the young guide said.

"What? What do you mean by 'I am yours'?" Jeff said as he was lead toward a wooden pole where he was about to be tied to. Jose' didn't reply. The warrior made sure that the leash was tied safely on the wooden pole, then he moved away. Jeff could not even stand up as the rope was quite short, so he had to stand on all 4 like a dog.

Jose' crouched in front of him, but as he did so, Jeff could not avoid staring at Jose' junk dangling few inches from his face, "Stay calm, I speak with your wife, I will be back...I'll explain everything," Jose' said lovingly stroking the Viking terrorized face, who blushed heavily, but didn't comment on Jose' kind gesture. Then the guide stood up and headed towards the hut where Sarah was kept.

As the young man stepped inside the hut, the first thing he saw was Sarah scared face. "What's going on?" said Sarah when she saw the young guide suddenly appearing in front of her.

"Calm, it's ok. I explain. They say you are the Queen of the jungle. You will be ok," he said.

"Really, they made me their Queen?" she said relieved to hear the news.

"Not really a Queen...not normal one...basically you do sex with men before they become warriors," he said trying to find the right words to break the bad news to Sarah.

"What? What do you mean!?" she said in shock.

"Men cannot have sex with girls before becoming warriors, so village have a Queen to do sex with all of them," he explained.

She could not believe her ears, "But I can't do that...I am not a prostitute!" she protested.

"I know, but if you not do, they kill you," he replied.

"Oh my God!" she said in utter despair.

"It's ok, they treat you like Queen," he assured.

"I don't give a shit...I don't want to fuck their brats, I am not a slut...I don't even like sex!" she let slip in desperation with tears in her eyes.

Sarah wasn't one to cry easily but hearing what those savages had in mind shocked her to the core. When she was younger she enjoyed sex but after marrying Jeff she focused all her effort into her business. Slowly sex became just an after thought, something she could easily live without. She would do the bare minimum to keep Jeff interested, but she rarely got any pleasure out of it.

"Ok I go..." Jose' said and added, "She help you, she was Queen before you," said Jose' pointing to the woman sitting in one corner of the hut.

She seemed the same age as Sarah but she didn't look too friendly, maybe she was just resentful that Sarah stole her job, a job Sarah didn't even want in the first place. Meanwhile, due to his native roots, Jose' had been given 'citizenship' status, so he was free to roam around the village unsupervised. He approached Jeff once again and stood right in front of him, again the man could not avoid staring at Jose' hanging junk.

The boy noticed that, "You look my dick?...you like?" he said while gently playing with it.

"No I don't like...I am not gay. Maybe if you didn't stand right in front of my face I wouldn't have to look at it," he protested.

Jose' seemed disappointed but he didn't want to anger his handsome Viking, so he sat beside him.

"So tell me what they are doing to my wife," Jeff said.

"She ok... she is Queen," Jose' replied.

"Queen?"

"Yes Queen, they said she is special so she is Queen now, she is ok," the boy said omitting the saucy details.

"Ohh really? And what about me?" he added.

"You ok too. I take care of you," he said with a smile.

"I don't understand," said Jeff not liking Jose' tone of voice.

"I told them you mine, so you be ok," he smiled.

"But what does it mean...I am your slave?" he said worried. Jose' just shrugged his shoulders.

"Oh for fuck sake...slave of a fucking faggot...just great!" Jeff exploded, letting slip a word too much.

The boy was having none of it, "You dickhead!" said Jose' visibly offended by the man calling him 'faggot'.

"I am so sorry Jose', I didn't mean to...you are a good lad. I am sure you are going to treat me with respect," he said with an apologetic tone.

"Yes, you be ok..." Jose' reassured him, then he shyly added, "how do you know I like you?"

"You are still young, you are not really good at hiding your emotions," the man explained. Jose' blushed.

After accepting his new status as Jose' 'slave', Jeff moved towards a more pressing matter.

"Listen, can we escape? You are free to go wherever you want right?" Jeff said whispering to the boy, even though the warrior guarding him could not understand a single word.

"Yes I am free. I am thinking escape," the young man confirmed.

"Good boy" said Jeff smiling.

But the man didn't know the boy had no intention to escape before fulfilling his own secret agenda, which basically consisted in fucking Jeff blond hairy ass. In fact the Chief of the tribe offered him to go free, but Jose' asked to stay, and Jeff was the only reason he was still there, the boy was really infatuated with the Arian God coming from New Jersey.
