 I moved back towards the door and he dropped me back at the store. I gave him my address and phone number on the back of one of his business cards. He gave me another card to keep with his Blackberry number on it. I saw him off and walked inside. Jessie was waiting there with a devilish look on her face. 

"So?" she said after winking at me. 'Well, I have a date for tonight!" I said with a grin. "Of course you do you sexy mutha fucka, damn you look mighty hot today!" she pulled me close for a hug. 

I grabbed her and pulled her close enough to whisper in her ear, "Why thank you luv. I feel hot today!" 

She laughed and ran her hand through my hair. "Can you work today knowing what's happening tonight?" 

"I'll have to won't I? Besides, better that I work and distract myself than not work and think about him all day!" I took her hand and we went inside giggling like kids. I was looking forward to tonight, finally fulfilling the need I'd had since high school with a man I'd only known for two weeks but already I'm crazy for him.

After I'd left work at five thirty, I went home and looked in my closet for the perfect outfit to wear. I really wanted to wear my jeans and a long sleeve shirt. However, I wondered how David would be dressed. *Would he wear a suit or dressed down like I wanted to be?* "Oh my god, I'm acting like a senior on her date to the homecoming dance, I may be a gay man but I'm still a man." I got my dark blue jeans and my white shirt out and lay them on the chair. Just as I was about to get in the shower, my phone sang the Sasha song: "She Wants To Move" by the Neptunes. "Uh uh Sasha. I will chat with you later." I walked into my bathroom and closed the door.

Seven fifteen came and I brushed my hair into the perfect style. I put my black suit jacket on and dabbed a little cologne on my chest and neck. My phone rang with my new ringtone for my hot friend, "Anytime, Anyplace" by Janet Jackson meaning I would do him anytime, anyplace. "Hello David." I said in my sexiest radio voice. "Yes, I'm ready to go. Ok, I'll be down in a moment." I pushed the hang up button and checked myself in the mirror once more. "David, I know we've only known each other for two weeks but damn I want you." I was so horny right now and I couldn't wait to jump him; even though he is the expert. I ran downstairs to meet the "hottest one" in his truck. 

Once I closed the door to my apartment building, there he was leaning on his truck. "Hello sexy! I hope you don't mind a private dinner at my place." He wore a black shirt with black jeans and cowboy boots. His devilish smile completed the outfit perfectly. I walked up to him and extended my hand. He pulled me close and grabbed me by the waist. 

"I don't mind at all David." *I really don't mind even though I was nervous as hell.* He rubbed the back of my neck and then my shoulder. *God, I want him so bad right now, it's obvious that he wants me too.* 

"Let's go then, shall we?" he said as he touched my cheek. He moved from the truck and opened the door for me to get in. As soon as he pulled off, he put his hand on my knee again. "Don't be nervous Adrian. I won't bite, unless you want me to." I peered into those gorgeous eyes and settled in my seat. 

Within about twenty minutes we were at his place. We made small talk during the drive to break the ice. Once we got out his truck we chatted about a more important subject.

"So Adrian, you mentioned how you were curious in high school right?" he said as he looked into my eyes intently. 

"Yes I did, when I talked to my counselor about it he just told me it was something I'd probably get over once I graduated; of course I never did." 

We continued walking up the stairwell to his condo unit passing a couple of cute girls in the hallway. They both smiled as us and kept walking. Once at his door he pulled the key out of his pocket and put it in the lock. As he turned it, and opened the door, I started to feel more comfortable about what was happening. I put my hand on his shoulder and followed him inside. 

When he flicked on the lights, I took a look around. The condo was gorgeous and a lot like myself, he liked modern contemporary décor. The walls were simple, not loud; the colors were browns, grays, and black. The furniture looked as if it were straight out of the IKEA catalogue. "Make yourself comfortable, I need to put dinner back in the oven to warm. I hope you like Italian food; I thought lasagna would be a perfect first date dinner." 

*Wow he can cook too? Awesome!* "I love Italian food and I really like lasagna." He pulled me close by my waist and looked into my eyes again. "Adrian, I'm so glad that you're here tonight. I know we've only known each other a couple of weeks but wow...I have not stopped thinking of you since the first day I saw you." 

Now the nervousness was completely gone and all I wanted to do now was kiss him. "I feel the same way David. Never have I been attracted to a man like I am to you."