 Hot cum splatted in my face, in my eyes, filling my mouth and I gagged on it even as another huge spurt hit me. I could feel myself blushing with shame though no one in the audience could see it because my cheeks were covered with hot wet man cum. I could smell it, musky, pungent with a bitter sweet taste. My own cock was fully erect in my shorts, had been since I first realized I had lost the match.

It was the first match I had lost. In the past it had always been me making my opponent suck my cock and take my sperm in his face and mouth. I'd known I was in trouble when Horace entered the ring. His shoulders were gigantic, powerful and his heaving chest tapered to a flat six pack stomach then flared again into his hips. He came out wearing nothing but a cloth slung between his legs held at the top by a rope. His erection was full and stretching the cloth before the match started and his balls hung heavy, the size of tennis balls.

Martial arts was my life. I specialized in a rare form from a little known South Seas Island called Parthenon. The Arena is my obsession. I was first introduced to the arena by my friend, Pauline Jansen. It was after a short but furious fight with two black thugs who had attacked me on the street in hopes of getting my wallet. They were both tough and proud but untrained in the arts of fighting. There had been a small crowd gathered by the end of the fight. I was holding the smallest of the two criminals on the ground with my foot pressed into his throat. The larger guy I had in a very painful hold that allowed me to bend his wrist at will ranging from no pain to a snapped wrist. He was literally in tears and I knew that he was completely humiliated before the people there. I fed on his humiliation for some reason and I wanted to maximize it.

I bent his wrist back almost to the breaking point and he screamed like a girl. "Please, let me go," he screeched, "please."

I smiled into his pain strained face. "Get down there and take your friend's pants down," I said.

His friend was strangling near passing out with my foot in his throat. I relaxed the pressure just a little and said, "Try to fight and I'll put you under. Just lie still." He obeyed.

"What the hell," the bigger one said.

"Pull his pants down, now!" There was an audible snapping sound as I bent his wrist back. I didn't break it but I knew a tendon had come loose. He screamed again and I wondered if any windows had broken his pitch was so high. When I relaxed the pressure and said, "Move!" He did. With his free hand he bent and undid his friend's trousers and pulled them down. There were no underwear and the kids seven inch black cock laid naked against his thigh. "You be messin' where you shouldn't," the one on the ground said to me.

"Shut up," I said and pressed with my foot.

"You, Man that screams like girl," I mocked the big one, "get down there and suck his cock and don't come up until you have a mouthful of cum."

"You're dead, dude," he screeched at me.

I bent his tortured wrist again and he went down easily enough. I still wonder to this day if he didn't like sucking cock. He did it like a pro and had his friend's member standing up in a heartbeat. His friend soon grunted and humped his ass off the sidewalk and the big one stood up, cum running down his chin and his pants distended by what must have been a gigantic erect cock.

I let them both go and the one on the ground jumped up still pissed. He pulled a pistol from the back of his pants and brought it up ready to shoot me. His pants were still at his knees and with a smooth rising front kick I launched the pistol into the air then caught him under the chin with my toe dazing him. I had to catch him to keep him from falling, then I reached out, caught the falling pistol and with a quick move rammed the barrel right up his ass. Terror filled his eyes and face.

"Walk away just like you are, both of you," I said. "Reach for that gun again and I'll pull the trigger with it up your ass, boy!"

This time they obeyed, both of them screaming obscenities at me and assuring me that I was a walking dead man.

Pauline came from the crowd after they left and approached me. She told me all about the arena then and explained that it was an organized fight platform where my style of fighting and humiliation were not only accepted but craved. It was a secret place and required special membership for those who entered it either to observe or to participate.

That was the start of my career at the arena.

The fight with Horace T. Crusher was number one hundred thirty-five and the first that I had ever lost. Horace was by far the best fighter who had entered the ring here since I began. I was confident I could win but it would take every bit of focus I could muster. He was not only powerful but agile as well and lightning fast. I had been breaking him down, weakening him and causing him some serious pain. My mistake was believing that he was too weak to continue. His face had glazed over after a kick to the kidneys and he had crumbled slightly and I turned gloating, to enjoy the roar of the crowd which I loved.

Horace recovered at that moment and his foot caught me right at the base of my skull. Everything went black and I came out of the haze slowly. My eyes wouldn't focus. There was something that looked fuzzy but was unmistakably the head of a huge penis the size of my fist. "Lick it," he said. The piss slit was opening and closing like a mouth breathing and as my vision slowly cleared I realized that I had lost. He had me in a hold that I had no chance of escaping. It was my turn to suffer humiliation before the crowd that had so often cried for me to crush my opponent.

Slowly I flicked my tongue out and licked his slit. My tongue went right inside and tasted pre-cum that was oozing from the huge opening. I licked all around the face of his cock head. It was the first time I had ever been forced to do something gay and I felt my own cock rise in my shorts. No, it couldn't be. I was straight as an arrow. I licked him again and tasted the saltiness of his silky flesh. I could see clearly now and I looked at his balls, the size of tennis balls, tight in his sack now. I stretched my mouth wide until the cheeks hurt and finally I was able to get the head of his cock inside. He squirted filling my mouth with cum and I swallowed in self preservation so I wouldn't strangle.

At first I thought he was cumming but when he squirted again a few seconds later I realized that it was his pre-cum squirting in my mouth. Most people oozed pre-cum and Horace shot it. My boner was raging in my shorts now. I had never felt so completely crushed in my life. My fans were watching, hooting, hollering, loving my defeat as I sucked Horace's huge cock into my mouth. He had such a hold on me that he was able to free one of my hands so I was able to reach up and touch him. I wanted to touch those balls, hold them. I wrapped my hand around them, lifted them, they were heavy, full. He pulled his cock back and said, "Easy boy," and squirted pre-cum again, this time it shot in my face. I wanted him now. I licked the length of his huge shaft. He was at least twelve inches long. People said I was big but my eight inches was dwarfed by Horace.

I knew people were watching but I couldn't stop myself as I caressed and licked him and then I tried to take him in my mouth again. This time I got his head in and was able to suck him some as I stroked him and squeezed his balls with my free hand. 

"Oh boy! It's here! I'm gonna cum, boy!" Horace arched back and howled in a deep voice then his balls pulled tight, his cockhead swelled in my mouth and throbbed and I thought my cheeks would tear. I felt his balls contract in my fingers and then hot creamy cum filled my mouth and throat. I swallowed desperately as another huge load of his cum filled me. His hand held my head to him and he pumped load after load of cum into my throat. I started choking and gagging and my cock throbbed in my shorts and then he let my head go and I pulled back. He came again, then again, huge ropes of hot creamy cum covered my face and got in my eyes and I could hear the crowd laughing at me, jeering but I couldn't see them because I was blinded by Horace's cum.

Finally he sighed and I felt him relax his grip on me then he reached down and pulled my shorts and jock strap to my knees. His timing was perfect because just as he pulled them down I came spurting cum all over his bare stomach and chest and in front of everyone he made me lick him clean. It was the first time I had ever lost and I was so completely humiliated and so completely in love with Horace. I stayed in my dressing room after leaving the ring. I showered and cleaned up and put on fresh clothing. I turned on the tv to see who was fighting. It was still Horace in the ring and when he destroyed the weak fighter I jerked off watching him destroy the man by humiliation.

My head hung down as I left that night. I was shamed and Horace was the hero now.

Someone grabbed my shoulder. I spun around ready to fight and looked into the face of one of the audience. She stepped back a little when she saw my face then she smiled. "We still love you, Jason, you were wonderful tonight even if you did lose." 

I smiled back. "Thanks. That means a lot."

As I turned away another hand, more powerful grabbed my shoulder. I spun again.

"Easy boy," Horace did not back off a bit. I couldn't believe it but just the sight of his face and his hand on my shoulder caused me to rise in my jeans. He slipped a folded piece of paper into the waistband of my jeans, reached into my crotch and squeezed my balls, stroked my boner and left."

I didn't read the note until I was in my apartment. It said, Jason, you are the best I've ever seen and you were wonderful. I thought you had won until you lost focus strutting for the crowd. I loved making you do me but I would have loved sucking you just as much. Then he had his address and phone number on the paper. Please come tomorrow, it said. I want to see you alone.

I smiled and put the note on my table. This had to get better and better, I thought.