 "Are you Mr.Sudharshan"

I looked around to see him. He was standing on the steps.

"I am his son, Arun. He was out of station. What can I do for you?" I asked.

He flashed me a smile. It had a frankness and warmth that I found, even in those first few moments of knowing him, really attractive.

"I saw the Ad in Hindu and came to see the house for sale" he said and smiled again. It really was captivating. He was a handsome guy, probably in his mid-twenties like me. Tall and slim with short curly hair. Just the fantastic body to match the smile like that.

I requested him to come in and take a look around the house.

"Thank you" he said and came in.

I smiled. I found myself hoping that he found my smile as pleasant as I found his.

He said, "I'm Rishab, by the way. Rishab Mehta"

We walked halfway down the hallway to the foot of the stairs. A couple of doors led off from his right and left. I said, "So where do you want to get started... upstairs or down...?"

He couldn't stop himself from smiling slightly and I grinned at him. He coolly said, "I'm in your hands, Arun..." .

I nodded, still smiling at him. I couldn't work out if he would be up for anything more than flirting, but it seemed very possible.

I said, "As you like it, Rishab"

He said, "In that case, how about looking downstairs?"

"Sounds good to me."

He moved in front of me and I followed him. He was wearing a dark suit, but his had quite a tight cut and showed his butts off very nicely. It looked round and firm inside

his charcoal grey trousers and the flap at the back of his jacket was raised up over the bulge it made.

My interest in him increased. I followed him down the hall and into the kitchen at the end of it.

The kitchen was spacious but the slab and sink were in need of repair work. He said, "It's a good size for a kitchen, but would obviously need some attention..." 

I looked around and muttered, "I can give plenty of attention where it's needed."

I casually glanced at his face as I took in the room. He was staring at me, that same half-smile on his face.

I said, "I mean, the repair works are minor and I myself can repair them in no time and 

... I am very good at handling tools."

He nodded slowly, maintaining his smile and staring intently at my face as if trying to discern my meaning from it. I remained impassive. Pleasant but ambiguous.

After a few seconds I asked, "Do you want to take a look at the garden and the shed?"

"Sounds pretty cool."

I struggled to find the key to the back door and I realised, from his intense stare, that he was as attracted to me as I was to him.

When he'd opened the door and we'd walked outside he asked, "You're pretty versatile, then?"

"Oh... absolutely. A jack of all trades."

We walked down the weedy narrow garden to the car shed. It was starting to get dark. As I opened the shed door, he asked, "Which trade do you prefer?"

"Each has its own advantages and disadvantages... it's difficult to say."

He stared at me again, his eyes steadfast on mine, and then we went inside the shed. The air inside was heavy with the smell of petrol. The evening light coming through the dirty cracked window was pretty dim but not so dim that we couldn't see each other.

The bike key he held slipped from his hands. As he bent for it, his shirt rode up revealing his butts pressing tightly against the material of his pant.

Even in the dim light I could see the outline of the hems of his underwear, a small tight pair of briefs by the look of them, making ridges against the twinned peaches of his buttocks. He found the key and bent further forward to take another piece of metal lying there. His butt cheeks opened slightly and strained even more against the thin material. I wanted to bury my face into it; to smell the musky odour of his butts and cock.

My cock rose stiffened rapidly in response to my musings. I guess it must have been pointing downwards inside my own underwear because it struggled painfully to rise upwards against their confines.

I switched the light and, still bending, he turned his face towards me. I looked at his face and saw from his smile that he'd seen me staring at his backside.

Then he stood up and turned to face me.

He asked, glancing around at the shed to obscure his meaning, "Do you like what you see?"

I nodded. "Without a doubt."

I unbuttoned my shirt and he looked down at my crotch. My restricted cock made an obvious mound between my fly and my right pocket. Even though it was mostly hard, it was being forced downwards by my the material of my briefs and so it's shape was that of a thick, prominent, downwardly-curving rod. Kind of like a banana in the front of my trousers.

I asked him, "Do you like what you see, Rishab?"

He giggled . "Yeah! I mean, it looks a bit cramped..."

Even though he was looking at my crotch I guess he could still have been talking about the shed. Both it and my briefs seemed a bit confined right then.

He looked into my eyes again. His were a deep, dark blue. His face became serious and he searched my face for some kind of clue. I could see him wondering, could almost feel the uncertainty clouding his mind.

I realised he was thinking that, if he reached out for my dick and it turned out that he'd misinterpreted what had been innocent remarks, he'd be in danger of being beaten up and maybe even losing his job. I had all the best cards in my hand: it wasn't fair of me to expect him to make the first move.

So I reached down and rubbed my bulge through the black material of my trousers. I ran my palm across it, gently coaxing and caressing it. 

I whispered, "I'd really appreciate it..."

He was staring at what I was doing to the outline of my cock, captivated by it. I moved my hand to one side and pushed my groin towards him, inviting him to take over.

He reached over towards me and then stopped with his fingers just a couple of centimetres away from my trousers. I looked up at his face and found that he was staring into my eyes, quizzically; even now doubting my motives.

I nodded my encouragement.

He completed the journey and his fingers found there way onto my cock. He kneaded it between them, playing his fingers over the thickened rod as if it were dough. His touch was bold and confident, his pressure firm, as he rubbed and squeezed its curved length.

I laughed, "You're gonna have to take it out... it's getting painful being cooped up in there..."

He smiled and reached for my zip.

He said, gently, "I'm guessing that this isn't the first time, Arun...?"

"Not exactly..."

"But you are generally straight?"

I smiled as he pulled down my zip. My cock was straining so hard against the material that he had a lot of difficulty getting the zip down.

I said, "I don't go in for labels. I'm generally me."

When he'd managed to get the zip all the way down and pulled my cock out, he held it gently inside the grey cotton of my briefs. It felt good to be released and it rapidly reached full size in his hand.

He stared into my eyes again. Then gave me some more of that smile. It never lost its impact.

He rubbed my cock through the material of my briefs, making long strokes to take in the entirety of its length, Then he grinned and pulled the front of my briefs down, exposing my naked cock. The red head of it looked shiny and wet, the light-bulb above us reflected in the moisture covering it.

He knelt down in front of me, as if in awe of my eight inch cock.

He said, "Do you go in for being sucked?"

I laughed. "And the rest!"

He laughed too and looked up at me with those beautiful eyes of his showing warmth and affection.

Then he put his lips around the end of my cock, tasting the wetness of the slick red head and licking it gently with his tongue.

I grabbed the back of head and pulled him further onto it, forcing five or six inches of its length into his mouth. He made a few gagging motions but these rapidly subsided as his throat became used to the intrusion.

I said, "Suck it, Rishab," and he willingly complied, gently groaning in pleasure as he noisily worked his mouth along the length of my stem.

I kept holding his head, allowing him to withdraw so that only the head of my cock was inside him, but then pulling him towards me with each inward stroke, trying to force more of my cock into him each time he lunged forwards. He would occasionally gag and try to pull back, but I think he managed to get about seven inches into his mouth.

His mouth felt fantastic: soft, warm and extremely wet, the taste of my precum seemed to make him salivate copiously. He was literally drooling on it, his dribbling lips open wide to accommodate the broad stem.

He reached up with his left hand and grabbed my through the material of my trousers. He gripped my right butt cheek and started squeezing it, working his fingers into the seat of my trousers, finding his way into my crack. If only girls would take the initiative so readily! 

I looked down and noticed that his right hand was on the large bulge at the front of his grey trousers. He'd hitched his shirt up a bit to afford himself access, and was rubbing gently at the mound his cock was making just to the left of his fly.

He was getting turned on by sucking me off: the sight of that made my cock swell even further and stiffen to full-size in his mouth.

He pulled back from me, resisting my attempts to force him back onto my cock and removed his hand from my butts. He held my cock with it, still gently massaging his own bulge, just kneeling there, staring at it in his hand.

He looked up at me and grinned. His lips were wet with his spit and my precum. I felt so aroused to have just had my cock penetrating such a beautiful mouth.

He said, "You've got an amazing cock, Arun!"

I smiled back at him. "I think it would express the same sentiments about your mouth..."

His eyes turned to look back at my cock, throbbing in front of his face. A dribble of precum leaked from the puckered slit on the fat red head and he leaned forwards to hungrily lap it up.

Then, with both hands, he pulled the front of my trousers further down and released my balls from the confines of my briefs. They dangled over the top of my open zip, loose and heavy within my fuzzily-haired scrotum. 

He grabbed my cock again, directed it upwards against the front of my shirt, and, to my surprise, lunged forwards to bury his face in the warm, wrinkled ball sac. He started licking at it, swirling his tongue around both of my balls, moving them around inside my scrotum with his tongue. His other hand returned to his own cock and started rubbing it again, his rhythm far quicker than before.

The sensation was a bit odd because it was unfamiliar: girls, and most guys for that matter, just aren't into balls. I'd heard other guys make jokes about ball-licking or scrotum-sucking but had always thought of it as something you might try, find a bit weird and then never return to.

But Rishab really loved it. He took one of my balls into his mouth, licking it and rolling it around with his tongue and then moved across to the other and did the same. I could feel his breath against the base of my cock, coming out in short rapid bursts. He was getting really excited by this, relishing the sensation of having the sources of my sperm, of my manhood, inside his mouth.

I liked it too, but more from the fact that he was getting so into it than from the physical feel of it. I pushed his hand away from my cock and started masturbating it, opening my legs and pushing my hips forwards slightly to drive my balls further into his face. I ground them into him and he groaned his appreciation.

He impatiently pulled my trousers and briefs further down my thighs and worked his tongue downwards, underneath my balls. He pushed it forwards between my thighs, working it into the sweaty hairy cleft and, with my free hand, I grabbed the back of his head, egging him on. As if encouraged, he started pushing it in, running it along the valley between my balls and my lovehole, licking it like he was feeding from it.

I buckled my knees and pushed my hips further towards him, allowing him access to my hole. My hand speeded up on my cock and I gripped it as hard as I could, masturbating it roughly. I loved the feel of his tongue between my legs; loved the anticipation of where it was headed. 

But before it got there, as it was on the verge of reaching its prize, he pulled out and stood up.

He stood face-to-face with me, his expression serious. 

I thought that he'd had second thoughts about what we were doing; that he was going to back out. I didn't know what to say.

But then he put his arms around me, pulling me forwards and towards him, and pressed the large hard mound at the front of his grey trousers into my cock.

Grinding it into me, he said, "Did you lock the front door."

I wanted him. I felt a desperate urge to have him lick my hole and then to turn him around and fuck his butts right here in the shed. I really needed it and everything else was irrelevant.

I snapped, "Fuck the door. No one's going to bother us."

He smiled. I kept smiling at him and then I said, "It's not my fault if you've got a very fuckable butts, Rishab"

He looked pleased. "Well... if we go and lock the door, then maybe you'll have the opportunity to get better acquainted with it, Arun..."

That sounded like a pretty good offer. "Okay."

As I pulled my trousers back up and zipped the fly, I noticed that the front of his jacket was wet with dribbles of my precum from where he'd been pressing himself against me.

As we left the shed and made our way back up the garden path in the near-darkness, I said. "you're really handsome Rishab". He certainly looked very young; his face was resh, his attitude almost boyish.

We walked through the kitchen and down the hallway my bedroom. Leaving him there I went to lock the front door. When I came back to my bedroom found Rishab was partly bending over, inspecting the results of his efforts, and I walked up behind him and rubbed the bulge of my mostly-limp cock between the twin mounds of his butts.

My cock was gradually coming back to life and he could no doubt feel it becoming more solid as it pressed into him. "You know, Rishab, your butts seems even more fuckable looking at it as you're bending over..."

He smiled his beautiful smile. "Yeah?"

"Yeah. Makes me want to pull the back of your trousers and ram my cock up there..."

He chuckled and faked a camp voice. "Oooh you've such a way with words, Arun"

I reached round his hips and felt the mound his cock and balls were making in the front of his trousers. His cock felt really good - large and thick - and I told him so.

He said, "You like dicks?"

"Absolutely. All shapes, all sizes, but especially nice big ones like yours..."

He laughed as I kept stroking his developing bulge. His cock continued to develop inside the confines of his trousers and my own did the same, pressing insistently into his butts cleft. I gently rubbed the length of his rod, now feeling far more solid and becoming

wonderfully thick, between my thumb and forefinger. I felt it stiffening further in response and squeezed it with more pressure through the dark grey material. He gasped quietly and then bent further forwards, pushing his butts more firmly into my cock and then grinding it against me.

I moved my fingers up to his belt and quickly undid it. Then I unbuttoned the waistband of his trousers, unzipped his fly and reached in to feel the warm, hard rod now making a tent in the front of his white briefs.

I reached into the slit in the front his briefs and, with a little difficulty, pulled his large fat cock out through it. It was a similar length to my own but far thicker. It felt heavy and meaty in my hand: it was exciting to find such a large, thick well-developed man-cock on a boyish guy like Rishab.

His foreskin covered the head of his cock completely. It was pleasure to see an erect cock, and especially an erect cock of the size of Rishab's. I immediately wrapped my fingers around its stem and gently stroked his cock.

He fell back into me, his neck against my chin. It smelt of shampoo with faint traces

of his body spray. I kissed his neck while squeezed his cock.

I felt his own cock stiffen and thicken to full size at the prospect of him fucking me. I liked that. I moved in towards his ear and licked it a little with the tip of my tongue.

Then I whispered, "As long as I get to go first..."

He chuckled and his cock stiffened even more. "First... second... third... you can have as many goes as you like...!"

I pulled the top of his trousers down to his upper thighs, revealing the back of his tightly-fitting briefs. His butt cheeks looked firm and round inside the thin material and I let go of his cock so that I could feel them. For a few seconds I was content to explore their solid, muscular curves through the seat of his briefs, but I rapidly tired of doing that

and felt I needed a more intimate understanding of them.

I pushed my fingers up through the legs of his briefs and worked my fingers around on the warm, smooth flesh of his buttocks, relishing the sensation of doing so inside his underwear. I loved the idea that I was feeling them almost as they would be during his day: wrapped up snugly within the white cotton material of his underpants.

I worked my thumbs into his butt crack, groping through the light fuzz of hair inside it, and quickly found his hole. It felt hot and moist; slightly sticky, even. I could almost smell and taste the sweaty, pungent atmosphere inside his cleft; could imagine how firmly his muscular ring would grip my cock. My mouth watered and my cock ached.

I knelt down behind him and stared at his butts as I kneaded his cheeks inside my palms like they were made of dough. Then I moved my thumbs back into his cleft but this time pushed them slightly into his hole. 

I said, "You've got beautiful butts, ... it's absolutely fantastic."

He giggled. "A lot of guys have said it's my best feature..."

Despite his amusement, I was more serious. "Your face is beautiful. Your smile is out-of-this-world. Your cock is amazing. Your butt has a lot of competition if it wants to be your best feature..."

He giggled. It sounded kind of cute. Then he said, "Well, why don't you fuck it, Arun?"

I stood up and went over to him. I put my left arm around his waist and gently ran the fingers of my right through his dark brown hair. I moved my fingers down his forehead and caressed them along the ridges of his eyebrows. His dark blue eyes looked at me with developing trust and affection.

I pushed my fingers further into him, feeling the soft, hot passage of his rectum snaking its way deep into him. He gasped again.

I withdrew them slightly and then pushed them in again. He moaned in appreciation and I did it again. He pushed back against my hand, obviously enjoying the sensation of me finger-fucking him. 

I started fingering him more quickly, pushing in and withdrawing in rapid succession. Above the sound of my wrist slapping against his pale buttocks, I heard him groan a grateful "Aaah, yes!".

I pushed my face nearer to his butt cheeks and I kissed his butt cheeks, feeling their silky smoothness against my lips and nose. Then I roamed around them with my mouth, moving from one buttock to the other while my fingers continued their work, driving rapidly in and out of his hole. I loved the sensation of having this part of Rishab, the part

that he usually kept covered and unseen, pressing into my face and against my lips.

I pulled my fingers out of his hole and moved them down to my waiting cock. My fingers were slick and sticky with the juices from his butts and I rubbed them over the swollen head of my cock as if allowing it a taste of the meal it was about to enjoy.
