 So my brother had to move in with me. I'm the youngest. I'm the responsible one. The one who scrimped and saved, buying my own home and generally living a good life. He, on the other hand, sees money in his account and assumes he has money, never mind that he wrote a check that cleared out half of it thirty seconds ago.

He's a good guy, really. He's a hard worker and will bend over backwards to help anyone in need. He also likes his pot. I can't fault him for that. I didn't partake and we all had our vices. Mine is sex, and with his odd sleeping hours, he was putting a real damper on me having meaningful short term relationships where names were rarely exchanged.

It didn't help that his hook up is this cute Filipino guy named Emilio. He's like a nerd with rough edges. His hair is always cut short and clean shaven. Wire frame glasses attempt to hide those deep brown eyes. His clothes hang on his slender frame, but they always make his rich almond toned skin pop.

I know he has some ink on his skin. I've seen it the few times he's worn a tank top over. It also allowed me to his baby smooth chest. I don't know what attracts me more to him, those full red lips or that cute little tushie. It's just one of those cute little butts you want to grab and adore, while his lips tend to make you want to kiss him.

The first time I met him was the first Saturday after my brother moved in. I had just gotten home from the gym and shucked my shirt to toss in the laundry when I heard the door knock. When I opened the door, he cowered back a bit when he saw my five foot eight muscle thick frame. I guess he wasn't expecting me to be answering the door.

"Is Todd here?" He said after a moment. "You must be his brother, you look a lot like him, except built." It was true, my brother and I looked a lot alike, except he was naturally skinny, where I had grown up chubby, stocky. Now I hit the gym regularly. I had big muscles hiding under that thin layer of fat I can't seem to get rid of. "I'm Emilio."

"I'm Lawrence. I think he might be here." I said eyeing him. He was a good three inches shorter than me, and I really just wanted to pick him up and do so many naughty things to him. "I just got home. Nice to meet you." I extended my hand. His grip was firm and his hand was soft in mine. "Come in, I'll see if he's here or awake."

He waited, awkwardly in the doorway while I checked my spare room, only to find the residual odor of pot smoke. "He's not here." I called out as I made my way back to him. Damn, he was cute, verging on adorable. My cock groaned when he sucked on his upper lip, thinking about what I had said. "I think he had to work today. I can't really keep up with his schedule."

"Just tell him I stopped by." He turned and grabbed the door handle, and I saw that cute tight butt. He turned and smiled at me. "It was nice meeting you." I could have sworn he eyed me up and down as he left. Of course it could have been my imagination. I hadn't had sex in nearly two weeks. A new personal record.

After that, I saw Emilio a lot more often, mainly when my brother messaged him to hook him up. They'd disappear into his room for a bit and then Emilio would come out, reeking of marijuana. I was pretty immune to the smell by now. He would, occasionally sit with me on the couch watching television till he came down.

I rarely went out for a drink, but sometimes you just need one. I have a local watering hole I hit just around the corner. Nothing fancy, some pool tables, dart board and low lighting so you don't see how shabby the place really is. Your typical dive bar. It was where I go to grab a drink or two just to scratch that itch of going out.

I was there one Friday night when my brother was out with his on again, off again, on again girlfriend. I was sitting at the bar, nursing my cocktail when I felt the hand on my shoulder. "Hey, Lawrence, how are you?" I turned to see Emilio's grinning face. "I didn't know you came here." He sat down beside me. "Let me buy you a drink."

Two drinks later, we were talking and laughing. Emilio was touchy feely when he had alcohol in him. I tried not to read anything into it, but he kept feeling my arms, and patting my chest, all the while complimenting me on my body. I fought every urge in me to just kiss him right there. He was straight and just being friendly, I told myself.

After we did a shot, I was feeling the buzz, and so was Emilio. I didn't know where Emilio lived, but I knew he drove here and I wasn't about to let him drive. "You better crash on my couch." I said standing and stretching. "You are in no shape to drive." When he stood up and almost fell, he made my point. "You can grab your car in the morning, come on."

He didn't say anything, just grinned goofily at me. I tucked him under my arm, guided him out the bar and down the street back to my place. He had his arm around my waist the entire time. I assumed it was to keep from himself stumbling, but he kept falling into me. Thankfully, we had a short walk back to my place.

"Get comfortable." I said sitting him on the couch. "I'll grab you a blanket and pillow." When I came back with a spare pillow and blanket, he was stripped down to this boxers, blue ones with little rubber duckies on them. My eyes drank in his lithe toned form and that intricate artwork that started on his bicep and crossed his chest to the other bicep.

"I got to piss." He said swaying. It took me a second to realize he wanted me to guide him, so I took him by the arm, and down the hall to the bathroom. I put him in front of the bowl and gave him his privacy as he let loose his bladder. When he stumbled out, I was about to guide him back to the couch, but he had other plans. "I want to sleep in here."

He pushed past me to my room. "Emilio, that's my bed." I flicked on the light as he bounced into my queen size bed. "Emilio, you're not sleeping in my bed." He ignored me as he pulled back the covers and crawled in. I just shook my head and let him be. I went and locked up, grabbed two bottles of water and headed back.

I sat one bottle on the nightstand beside Emilio. I smiled at the slumbering Emilio. He actually looked cuter, curled up under the covers. I sighed, turning off the light and stripping down to my own boxer briefs. I crawled into my side of the bed. At least he hadn't taken my spot in the bed. I'd worry about the fall out in the morning.

The next morning, I slowly woke up, feeling a warm body spooning me. An arm was slung around my chest, holding me close, the fingers casually petting my nipples. My dick was brick hard, pushing its way up and out of my underwear. I was still half dreaming when I pushed back against the man in a similar state behind me.

I was content for a moment when I felt him rutting against my fat muscled ass, then I froze. My eyes shot open in panic when I remembered it was not some stranger behind me, but Emilio. I tried to pull away, but he held on tight. He was pretty strong for a skinny guy. I wasn't sure what to do, as his humps on my bumps increased in speed and intensity. I had to do something before he splattered my underwear with his morning emissions.

I sighed, forbidding myself from enjoying this. With a little more force, I gently peeled his arm from my chest, then myself from Emilio. He grumbled something as he rolled back over to his side of the bed. The first time in weeks that I had a hot guy in my bed and it had to be some touchy feely straight guy. Was this my life now?

I slipped on some sleep pants and quietly left my room, letting Emilio sleep off his stupor. I peered into my brother's open door. His bed was made, so either he had already come and gone or he hadn't come home last night. I hoped for the latter since Emilio's clothes were still on the living room floor.

I had made a fresh pot of coffee and was enjoying my first cup when Emilio came out, one hand scratching his head, the other his crotch. "How much did we drink?" It didn't seem to bother him that he had just woken up in his underwear in my bed, or that he was still just in them as he entered my personal space. "Mind if I have a cup?"

"Help yourself." I moved away, getting out of his gravitational pull. I wanted to reach out and feel his chest. "I don't know how much you had, but I had well over my limit." I admired that smooth cocoa chest with their small deep reddish brown nipples that I wanted to drag my tongue across. "You were pretty well off."

He leaned against the counter, sipping his coffee, the fly of his boxers open, teasing me with a glimpse but not giving me one. He had to know what he was doing to me. If he didn't, I'd have to explain it to him in no uncertain terms that things like last night were not going to happen ever again. With my luck, it would.

Emilio lingered around the house with me for another hour. It was thirty minutes before he finally put his pants and he didn't put his shirt on till he left. When I got the text from my brother that he wasn't going to be home till Sunday night, I about jumped for joy. Then I had to decide whether or not I wanted a trick or just blow my load. The fact that I couldn't find anyone after an hour to come and have a sexual handshake solved that dilemma.

I straightened up a bit, thought about going to the gym, but my balls were ice blue. I didn't bother with porn. I just stripped naked and plopped into my unmade bed. I spread my legs, took hold of my anguished neglected dick, closed my eyes and slowly moved my hand up and down my thick seven inches.

My mind wandered to Emilio. The cologne he was wearing was clinging to my sheets. All I could think of was his tight, toned body and those lips ready to be kissed. I remembered the feel of his body pressed to mine, and his urgent thrusting at my ass, and how I just wanted to pull my underwear down and guide him into me.

That last thought drew up my balls and soaked my stomach and chest with my pent up load, giving me just an appeasing orgasm. I needed more. I needed real sex with someone, not just with my hand and a fantasy. I needed something that lasted more than the two minutes it took to bust with my hand. At least I had till Sunday night to get into a man's pants and him into me.

I went about my day. I hit the gym, cleaned the house, did laundry and tried finding sex. The only thing I didn't get done was the sex. Everyone that messaged me or I checked out were either looking for tops, like me, or flakes. So I called it quits, slipped into some joggers and tee shirt and plopped on the couch for some mindless television.

Around seven the doorbell rang. I wasn't expecting anyone. I had closed out all the useless apps hours ago, and I hadn't given my address out to anyone when I was on them. I shouldn't have been shocked when I opened the door to find Emilio standing there in loose fitting basketball shorts and tight white tank top that made his rich chocolate brown skin look creamy delicious.

"Hey, man, want to hang?" He wore a lopsided grin, as if he knew I was going to say yes already. I shrugged and let him in, I needed to deposit something in my spank bank anyways and he was as good as anything right now. "What are you up too man?" He planted himself on the couch.

"Just watching television." I said sitting far enough away as not to touch, but close enough for me to know that he was there. "Seems to be my typical Saturday night lately." I felt the sofa shift. Emilio was getting comfortable, moving slightly closer to me. "What about you? What would you be doing tonight if you hadn't come over?"

"The same." I gave him an incredulous look. "I really don't go out." He shrugged. "I'm more a homebody now a days. I got tired of the bar scene long ago." I turned to find his eyes on me. "What about you? Was that a normal Friday night for you or just a rare outing like me?" His voice was as soft as his eyes on me.

"Awe, I figured you'd be out and about on Saturdays." I tried not to sound sanctimonious. "I mean I do know what you do for a living." I paused in thought. "I mean your second job." I corrected myself. "I'm not judging or anything, but I know you're my brother's hook up for his herbal recreation."

"You don't smoke pot do you?" His studied me, his eyes narrowing behind those glasses. "Your brother is the only guy I deliver too. My cousin is the actual dealer." He confessed. "Of course, I do partake in the occasional puff. You should try it sometime. Just recreational like me, not like your brother. He smokes it like a chimney."

"Tell me about it." I laughed. "I don't think it's for me. I get randomly tested." I could feel the stirring in my loins. I was getting plenty for my spank bank this evening. "Besides I think I get enough of a contact high with my brother smoking up like." I was feeling a bit uncomfortable. "Besides I don't think it would help with my workouts."

"You could shotgun." I was familiar with the term. I knew the basics of it, but never really done it. The idea of Emilio's lips close to mine filled me with excitement. "Have you ever done that?" I just shook my head. "Here, close your eyes and pucker your lips like you're going to kiss." I did, turning my head toward him.

I could sense his face close to mine, then the gentle blow of his breath streaming into my mouth, letting me taste the fresh minty taste of whatever mouthwash he had used probably five minutes before knocking on my door. I held still. My heart raced with the anticipation of what he might or might not do.

Then I felt the press of his lips against mine, the tentative push of his tongue from his mouth to mine. I reached up and cupped his head, holding him there, so I could enjoy the long lost feeling of another man touching me. Emilio didn't pull back. He grabbed me by the back of my head and pulled me to straddle his lap.

It was a bit odd, my big body on top of his little frame. I bent to keep our kissing going, his hand moving up my shirt and across my broad back. I wasn't sure if this was a dream, a fantasy or reality. I just knew I was going with it. "What are we doing?" I asked between urgent kisses. "Should we be doing this?"

"Yes." His gruff answered came right before he tossed me like a rag doll onto the couch. Before I could even think to protest, he was on top of me, our lips pressed, our legs tangled and our hard cocks rubbing against each other. "Damn, I've wanted you for since I first saw you." He groaned before sucking on the inside of my neck.

"Emilio." I softly purred, enjoying the feel of him on my skin. "I've wanted you for so long." My hands moved down to that precious bumps of his ass, squeezing the soft yet firm mounds. "Fuck." I let out as he found a spot of my neck that sent me squirming with pleasure. "Are we really doing this?"

His slid his tongue up past my Adam's apple and to my chin then looked down at me with predatory hungry eyes. "Yeah, we're doing this, Lawrence." I felt a chill of excitement overcome me. "We're going to do this now, later, tomorrow and every other time we want to." He brushed his lips over mine. "I can't believe I waited this long to make my move on you. You're so God damn sexy."

I could feel his intent pressing into me. He stroked my unshaven face with his hand. "You just don't know what you did to me that first day you opened that door shirtless." He ran his tongue over the top of his lip, looking me in the eye. "I knew right then, I wanted to get to know you." He pressed his lips softly to mine. "Then I got to know you, and I was like, I got to show him how special he is to me."

I didn't know if he was sweet talking me or if he really meant the words, but right now his sweet words had the effect he wanted. "Let's continue this conversation in the bedroom." I scooped us up with ease, holding Emilio with ease as I carried him to the bedroom. He hugged me close, running his hands through my thick brown hair

When I sat him down, my hands took the bottom of his tank top and pulled it up, revealing that slender body that turned me on so. He slipped his glasses off, setting them on the nightstand. My fingers traced the outline of his intricate tattoo. He took my left hand and brought to his mouth, kissing the palm of my hand.

He pulled my shirt up, trying to get it off, but our height difference hindered him. I pulled it off the rest of the way, only to have his hands on my hips, pulling down my sweats. "I want you naked, baby." He said, slipping the cotton pants down revealing my seven inches hard and ready. "No, underwear." He looked up at me with devilish gleam in his eyes. "Me either."

Before I could even get my mind wrapped around that comment, his mouth was on my freshly shaven bull balls and his hand was stroking me delicately. "Damn, Emilio." My hands ran over his short cropped hair. My knees grew weak as he moved from one ball to the next, giving each their own careful attention.

Then, with his eyes locked on mine, he licked up the underside of my shaft, from the base to the tip. My lips quivered with anticipation and I about collapsed when his tongue twirled rapidly around the mushroom head. When his lips brushed over the head, taking just the head in his mouth, I could not stand any more, collapsing back onto the bed, my legs spread with Emilio between them.

He did not break stride, taking me into his mouth, holding my dick with one hand and working my pants off my feet with the other. I cradled his face with my hand, letting out soft murmurs of appreciation. I watched, eyes glazed over with desire, as his mouth swallowed me, allowing his tongue to run against the length of my shaft before my cock reappeared from his mouth.

He closed his eyes, the enjoyment evident on his face. He was coaxing the eruption from me, slow and steady, ensuring that it would be greater than Mount Vesuvius. I couldn't let him do that. Not without tasting him across my tongue first. I reached down and pulled him to his feet, his mouth shimmering with precum and spit.

My mouth found that tiny chocolate dot on his chest, mouthing the delicate nub. My hands slipped down his pants, cupping those delectable smooth apricots. He wasn't lying about not wearing underwear. I slipped his shorts down, moving to his other nipple. He cradled my head to his chest as the shorts fell.

I felt the spring of his cock against my chest. He humped up with need against my chest. I took him by the hips, pushing him back to see a thick and long rod waiting for my attention. He flexed, making it bounce, the head a pale pink that sharply contrasted to the light brown of his eight inch shaft.

I leaned down and swabbed the tip with my tongue before taking him slowly into my mouth to the back of my throat. My lips stretched across the impossibly big cock of such a tiny man. I gripped his cheeks and pulled him into me my mouth, bouncing him in and out. He took the hint, grabbing either side of my head and pulling me onto him, fucking my face.

My nose brushed against his trimmed pubes, the only hair I could find on his body aside from his head. My tongue tasted the sweet elixir he spread with every thrust in and out of my mouth. I may have been out of practice but my muscle memory kicked in, and I let him down into my throat without any trouble.

He humped my mouth, telling me how good my mouth felt on is dick, how he couldn't wait to fuck my fat ass. The sweet innocent man was a memory. He was a filthy fucker now, one that was going to have me moaning like the slutty whore I wanted to be. The slutty whore I wanted to be just for him.

He pulled me off him. I lunged for his dick. He pulled back, and pushed me back onto the bed. "You'll get more of him in a minute." His voice was deep and throaty. "Show me that glorious ass baby, get on all fours for me." I got up and positioned myself for him as he ordered. His hands roamed over my muscle tight globes. "Damn, that is such a beautiful booty."
