 I have been a very lucky man: my parents could afford to send me through college and school-work came easy for me; fresh out of college I landed a prestigious and lucrative position in a major law office; when my father passed-away I inherited the family business; with little effort I built the business up to the point where a competitor bought me out and I made a huge profit; I took that money and made a killing on the stock market and was able to retire at the ripe old age of forty.

I've been lucky in love, too. For the longest time I concentrated on school and then work. I didn't allow myself the luxury of personal relationships. I knew early on that I was gay, and would socialize at clubs, and inevitably go home at closing time with the prettiest boy in the club.

My mother recently passed-away (no, that was not lucky) and I moved into her house until I decided what I wanted to do with it. It was a small two-bedroom with a nice screened-in porch. I loved watching the world go by inside that porch.

One day I was sipping a glass of wine on the porch while watching a new boy move into the house next to me. The house was a four-plex, and he was renting the downstairs apartment immediately next to my house.

He was a young and pretty thing and I decided then and there that I would seduce him--just looking at him gave me an erection. I had turned fifty the day before and this boy would make a nice birthday present.

On the pretext of going to see the owners of the house, Floyd and Lavita, I casually introduced myself to the boy. We chatted and I invited him over for a beer when he was finished.

His eyes lit up at the mention of beer, I guessed he wasn't old enough to legally drink. Floyd invited me inside when he opened his door.

"So what's the new kid's story?" I asked.

A wry smile came over Floyd's face. "You never let the cute ones get by your radar, do you? You know," he continued, "it took me three months to rent out that apartment—and now you want to take him from me?"

I laughed. "You rich old bastard, you don't need the money...besides, you said yourself you think he's cute."

"He sure is a pretty boy, but I don't think you can turn him like you did the last one," he said.

Floyd was referring to Billy, a previous tenet of his who I seduced and is now my part-time boy-toy.

"Maybe I can't, but what if I do turn him? Wouldn't you like a piece of the action?" I asked.

A glazed look came over Floyd's face. "Yeah...I really would like a crack at him..."

"I'll give you the same deal we had the last time," I told him.

Floyd smiled and shook his head, "Okay-okay...if you can get that boy to kneel between our legs it would be worth losing another tenet."

Floyd made a copy of the boy's apartment application and questionnaire and gave them to me.

"Happy hunting," he said as I left.

"That's half the fun," I smiled.

I held the door open for the boy as he struggled with a large box.

"Looks like you're building up a powerful thirst..." I said as I noticed the sheen of perspiration covering his exposed flesh. "I've got the coldest beer in town."

He smiled. "That'll be great, Mister Jones—I'm almost done—maybe I should take a shower before I come over?"

"No—don't bother—a little sweat never hurt anyone."

I went home, poured a glass of wine, filled an ice bucket with three bottles of beer and ice then sat on the porch reading the papers Floyd had given me.

'John' was from a large northern city and moved here to attend college. He went to school for only one semester then it appeared he took a job at a grocery store. He didn't have any local references. On the application he listed his folks, a brother, a sister and four friends--all of them living a thousand miles away from here.

Oh my—the possibilities for this boy excited me. My cock became semi-erect in my shorts. I found myself hoping that I found 'Johnny' interesting enough to make him my live-in boy.

I studied him as he approached my house. I guessed him to be 5'7", and 140 pounds; light brown hair and a slender frame. When we shook hands earlier, I noticed he was rather small-boned—my hand dwarfed his. He had delicate features.

He knocked on my screen door—the screen prevented anyone from seeing inside the porch.

"Come in," I said.

I opened a beer for him and he sat in the chair across from the loveseat where I was sitting.

"So Johnny—do you prefer 'John' or 'Johnny'?" I asked.

"Well, I guess I prefer 'John', " he said.

"Would you mind if I called you 'Johnny'?" 

"Ah...well...no—I guess not."

"What do you do? Do you work?...go to school?...or are you independently wealthy?"

He laughed—he had a beautiful smile and laugh.

"No, ah, I work at Pantry Pride—I stock the shelves."

"Sounds like a good job."

"Well...it doesn't pay much...not like the grocery stores back home."

"Where are you from?" I asked. He told me. "You were probably in a union up there—we're a right-to-work state—if you don't have a college degree I'm afraid you won't find a good paying job here. Ever thought about going back to school?"

He shifted uneasily in his chair. "Well, actually...I moved here to go to school—I lasted one semester---then I had to find a job."

"I don't mean to be nosey, but what happened? Why did you quit school?"

He blushed. "Well...they kicked me out of the dormitory for drinking...I couldn't afford a place of my own and my folks wouldn't help me out—they said I needed to learn a lesson...I had to quit school when I got this job."

He finished the beer quickly so I opened him another. Everyone has at least one major character flaw—something that grounds them in reality—something that stops them from being over-confident and cocky about life. His was obviously alcohol. 

I found his honesty very refreshing. I liked him.

"Do you have any hobbies?" I asked him. "What do you like to do when you're not working?"

"I'm always on the internet at home...I like to read a lot of different websites—usually political stuff."

I mentioned websites I liked and he perked-up—we had similar interests and views. Midway through his second beer I noticed his eyes getting watery, and he was becoming excitable. 

A cheap date, I mused.

He was relaxed and talking freely. We made each other laugh. He was a smart boy with an open personality but he definitely had a drinking problem. When he finished his third beer I asked him if he wanted another or maybe a glass of wine.

"Well...ah, actually I've never had wine...."

"There's a first time for everything—would you like to try a glass?"

"Sure...why not?"

I had him follow me to the kitchen—he was a little unsteady on his feet. He made a joke about how clumsy he was. I poured him a glass of sauvignon blanc and refilled mine. We sat on the couch in the living room. I decided it was time to ask him about his sex life.

"Do you have a girlfriend?" I asked.

"Ah...no...not right now...."

"Have you ever had a girlfriend?"

"Well, yeah-sure...of course...."

He appeared to be uncomfortable with this conversation.

"Are you a virgin?"

His face flushed beet-red. "No-no-no—I've had sex."

He took two large swallows of wine then continued.

"You know...I kinda have a hard time meeting girls...I don't know what to say to them...I don't know what they want."

"Hmmm, who does? Maybe you're gay," I said, wanting to see his reaction.

"Oh no—no I'm not gay—I like girls."

"Have you ever been naked with another boy—or a man?"

His face remained red. "God no, Mister Jones—I could never do that."

It was time to change the subject. I asked him if he wanted to stay for dinner.

"I have a couple steaks and baked potatoes—are you interested?"

"Yeah, sure—I'm getting hungry."

"Me, too," I said. "C'mon, let's go out back and fire-up the grill."

When we went through the kitchen I refilled his glass. 

It was during dinner when I told Johnny I was gay. He tried hard not to be shocked, but his demeanor changed immediately.

"I don't have a problem with that," he said. "I think whatever anyone does in private is their own business."

I smiled at him, and said, "Well, of course I agree...as a matter-of-fact—I find you very attractive."

He blushed again and I changed the subject.

While Johnny was clearing the table and loading the dish washer I called Billy and told him to come over in an hour.

I refilled our glasses and we sat on the porch again. 

"Johnny, I won't bite you if you sit next to me—it's a better view from here."

He reluctantly sat beside me on the loveseat.

"The grass is growing fast—seems like I just mowed it."

"It is kinda long."

"Hey," I said, "want to earn forty bucks? I'll pay you forty dollars to cut my grass—I've got a riding mower and it would only take about a half hour to do the whole yard."

"That's a lot of money for a half-hours-worth of work, Mister Jones" he answered.

"Johnny, I can afford it—I just don't want to do it myself. Interested?"

"Yeah—sure."

"How about tomorrow morning? When do you have to go back to work?"

"Not til three in the afternoon—yeah, I'll cut it in the morning—thanks."

We watched as Billy walked up to the door. He knocked twice then walked inside. 

"Johnny—this is Billy."

They shook hands then Billy leaned over in front of me and planted a long kiss on my lips. Johnny pretended not to look, but I saw him watching us out of the corner of his eye.

"I'll be right back," Billy said and disappeared into the house.

"C'mon—let's go back inside," I said to Johnny.

Not long after we settled on the couch Billy joined us in the living room. He was naked except for a brown leather jockstrap. He twirled around so we could see the thin strip of leather between his bottom-cheeks. Then he sat on my lap and I pulled him to me and we kissed again.

Johnny's face was flushed, but he didn't say a word. He watched us. Billy reached down and caressed the unmistakable bulge in my pants. Billy slowly worked my zipper down and reached inside my slacks and found my erection and stroked it. Johnny's eyes were wide open. His breath caught in his throat.

Finally he said, "Ah, I, ah...I guess I better get going...."

"See you in the morning?" I called after him.

"Yeah-yeah—how's eight-o'clock?" he asked.

"Fine—just fine," I said and we watched him hurry out the door.

I gave Billy a kiss. "Good boy," I said.

Johnny knocked on my door at eight-o'clock sharp the next morning. I answered the door wearing only boxer shorts. He was wearing blue-jeans and a tee shirt. I invited him inside. He tried hard not to look at my shorts.

"Johnny, you can't work out doors in this heat like that—the humidity will kill you. Wait here."

I retrieved Billy's old gym shorts and gave them to Johnny. He protested.

"Johnny, trust me—you'll ruin your clothes with all your sweat. Go in the bathroom and put these on."

He slowly went to the bathroom and closed the door behind him. When he emerged wearing the shorts, he still had on his tee shirt.

"Johnny—take that off—you'll stain it—you're not accustomed to this kind of heat."

He pulled it over his head and gave it to me. 

"That's better—c'mon—I'll show you where everything is."

When I walked behind him I had trouble controlling myself. He was one hot and sexy boy; covered only by the tiny gym shorts. My cock grew stiff in my boxers. I don't think he noticed.

I showed him what needed to be done and left him alone.

When I knew he was finished I stood in the doorway to one of the bedrooms about thirty feet from the front door. I had Billy on his knees sucking my cock. To Johnny, it would appear we were trying to be discreet, but he would still be able to see us.

Johnny came inside without knocking. I was sure that coming in from the glaring sunlight Johnny wouldn't be able to focus his eyes right away. He stood in the doorway of the porch and I watched his face tighten in disbelief as he saw us. I acted as though I didn't see him.

He stood watching us as Billy sucked my cock and stroked my shaft. His other hand massaged my balls. Billy brought me to the verge of climax before Johnny came through the door. We tried to time it so Johnny would see me shoot my load into Billy's mouth. Billy had assisted me in seducing other boys in the past.

It took longer than I'd planned, but much to my delight Johnny stood motionless watching us the whole time. Billy has a wonderful mouth so I closed my eyes—a smile on my lips. Suddenly I felt the familiar explosion in my balls.

"I'M-CUMMING-I'M-CUMMING-I'M-CUMMING...." I shouted as Billy swallowed my load. 

Johnny didn't leave until my deflated penis slipped from Billy's cum-slicked lips.

I patted Billy on the head and said, "Good boy."

I allowed a decent interval of time to elapse before I knocked on Johnny's apartment door. It took a while for him to answer. When the door finally opened his breathing was irregular and he was slightly disheveled. I knew what he'd been doing and it secretly thrilled me.

"Johnny, you forgot to get your money," I said as I handed him two twenty-dollar bills.

"Oh, ah...thank you, Mister Jones," he mumbled.

When he reached for the money I took the opportunity to casually step around him and strolled a few feet into his living room. Having been in the apartment before, I knew the layout. His bedroom was through the open door on the right. 

I smiled to myself when I saw the fresh stain on his bed sheet.

"Johnny, have you been masturbating?"

The look of horror in his eyes was priceless.

I continued, "Oh my God, did you see me and Billy in the foyer? I'm so-so sorry—I thought you were still working outside..."

"I, ah, no...I mean—ah...." he stammered, unable to complete a sentence.

I smiled and spoke calmly trying to reassure him everything was alright.

"We didn't intend for you to see that, but you know, in our world that was just a simple act of one person giving pleasure to another—perfectly normal—I apologize if it upset you."

He had regained his composure. "No, ah...that's okay—I'm not a prude, or anything...."

I smiled and placed my hand on his shoulder. "Good—I really hope you and I can be friends—can we be friends?"

"Yeah, sure, of course, Mister Jones...." He relaxed and smiled.

Later in the day I went to the grocery store where Johnny worked and found him unloading boxes in the cereal aisle.

"A good, hard-working man, I see."

His face flushed when he saw me but he was amiable and stopped to talk with me.

"Did you like the wine from last night?" I asked him. "Those were the last two bottles and if you liked it—I'll buy some more."

"Well, yeah...I did like it."

"If I get more, will you help me drink it?"

He smiled. "Oh yeah—I'll always help out with that, Mister Jones."

"Alright," I said, "I'm going to buy a case of it and you can start helping me with it tonight after work, okay?"

"Oh...sure, okay...It won't be too late? I won't be home til midnight."

"No-no that's fine—I'll take a nap so I can keep up with you."

He laughed.

"Oh, Johnny, you may as well start wearing those shorts, okay? We're getting into the hottest and stickiest time of year and you might as well be comfortable, okay?"

He paused for a second then said: "Oh, okay...I'll change when I get home before I come over."

"Good. See you tonight," I said.

"Sure thing."

When I got home I called Billy and told him what I wanted him to do. 

Some of you may be wondering why Billy isn't my live-in boy. Well, he's a wonderful boy, and certainly knows how to sexually satisfy a man, but he's too strong-willed and independent for my tastes. His heart really isn't into his current lifestyle. If I hadn't been blackmailing him, he would probably still be straight.

No, my dream is to own and possess a boy I love, and who loves me. I want a boy to be totally dependent on me for everything in his life. I want him to adore me—to worship me. 

Johnny would be perfect for me. I was already developing a true affection for him. He is smart and pretty and fun to be with, and most importantly—my penis gets hard when he is close to me. It has been a long, long time since I felt this way with a boy.

It was midnight and I watched Johnny as he parked on the street and walked into the house next door. I was nervous—this was a crucial time in our relationship. Would he take my advice and change clothes and come over to my place, or would he decide this was too much for him—that he was crossing a boundary he was uncomfortable with?

My heart leapt with joy when I saw him walking towards my house. He was dressed in a tee shirt and the tiny gym shorts. I smiled as my penis stiffened.

"C'mon in," I called out just before he knocked on the door.

The only light on the porch shone through the doorway leading to my living room. I doubt if he noticed I was wearing just my boxers.

I patted the seat next to me and said "Sit down" as I leaned over and pulled a chilled bottle of wine out of the ice bucket. I poured us both a full glass.

"How was work?" I asked him.

"Oh, the usual...pretty dull—doing the same thing over-and-over...."

"Yes, I'm afraid if you don't go back to school that may be your future...you know, I might be able to help you out with school...."

"What do you mean?" he asked.

I could tell he was intrigued with my comment.

"All I'm saying is I might be able to help you with tuition—hey, aren't you a little warm with that tee shirt on? Don't be shy—I'm only wearing boxer shorts—I hope you don't mind?"

"No, ah, that's okay with me—it is still hot out here," he said as he hesitantly removed his tee shirt.

He quickly drained his glass and as I was refilling it, I caught some movement from the street out of the corner of my eye. It must have been Billy.

"Why don't we go inside," I said then stood and walked into the house. He followed close behind me.

We discussed politics and sports. I enjoyed his knowledge of both topics, and especially his communication skills. He was an impressive teenager and my affection for him grew stronger. 

I was pouring him his third glass of wine when I noticed he was staring at the magazine I'd strategically placed on the coffee table. It was titled "The Boys of Europe".

"I have a weakness for the male body," I laughed. "I hope you don't mind."

"No, ah...that's okay," he said.

I picked up the magazine and slowly began to thumb through it. I held it in front of us so he could get a clear view. Every page depicted young and good-looking boys in various sexual acts. 

"I love looking at erect penises—don't you? They are so erotic and beautiful—it makes me want to reach out and hold them—caress them," I said.

Johnny didn't say a word but he intently stared at every page. When we came to a photo that showed one boy standing with another boy on his knees sucking the boys penis I laid the magazine on the table and left it open to that page.

"Which boy would you rather be," I said softly, "...the one standing, or the boy on his knees?" 

I excused myself to go to the bathroom. I left Johnny on the couch staring at the photo.

When I was out of sight I peeked around the corner and watched Johnny's reaction. His eyes never left the photo. I thought I noticed his breathing quicken. A film of sweat covered his face and chest. I was overjoyed.

I waited a few more seconds then sat beside him again.

"I should have taken a nap today—I'm tired—Johnny I hope you don't mind but I better get some sleep."

"I, ah—yeah, sure...." He mumbled like he was in a trance.

I picked up the magazine and gave it to him.

"Here—take this with you..."

"No-no, I don't want—"

"Nonsense, " I interrupted. "Just take it with you—end of discussion."

I gave him his shirt. When we were standing on the porch I put my hands on his shoulders and massaged him.
