 "It's what I want for you baby," said Jamie. Her husband, Daniel, was still a little uneasy with the idea. 

"I know you've wanted to explore that for years and I think that if you get the opportunity you should. In fact, I'm giving you an order. Do it if you get the chance. Promise me!" she told him. 

"Okay, Okay I get it. I promise, my love," he replied. She wasn't giving him much choice. Their relationship wasn't a strict dominant/submissive one, but he was happy to submit to his wife on all things sexual. 

Many years before, he had shared with her his love for dressing in panties and stockings and together, over the years, they'd had an active and open minded sex life. They had introduced female domination, chastity and feminization into their marriage to great effect. It wasn't something they did all the time, but when the desire hit, Jamie took control and Daniel happily submitted. Jamie felt great love towards her husband and enjoyed fulfilling his fantasies, which in reality became theirs. In turn, Daniel felt very loved and appreciated and was constantly turned on by the things Jamie would have him do for her. 

Daniel wore panties and a bra most days. This was partially because Jamie thought it was hot, but also because he loved feeling the feminine attire encasing his manhood and chest. It made him feel sexy. Jamie also required him to get Brazilian waxes every three weeks and to be otherwise hairless from the neck down. She required that he have pink pedicured toes at all times as well, but she let him chose the shade of pink. She enjoyed him being manly, but she wanted him smooth and feminine under all his manliness. 

"Alright, I think that I'm ready to go," Daniel told his wife. She looked over his backpacking gear in the back of his truck and turned to him. 

"Please have fun baby. Enjoy yourself with Kevin and let loose if the opportunity presents itself," she encouraged. Kevin was Jenny's husband and Jenny was Jamie's friend from the gym. They had the couple over a few times for BBQs and Kevin had invited Daniel to go backpacking when he had discovered that they shared a love for the outdoors. 

"I will, I will. I'll be back in three days. Love you!" he called as he drove away. Daniel enjoyed the drive through the rural parts of the state. It was a warm fall day, the leaves had just begun to change and the forest was alive with color. It was Daniel's favorite time to be in nature. 

He was meeting Kevin at a trailhead that Kevin knew well and had told him was almost completely unused. Daniel was excited to get out and away from the grind. Building a thriving practice and raising kids left him stressed without many outlets.

He was working out again, partly because Jamie demanded that he do so in sports bras, capris and colorful women's running shoes, and it helped with the stress too. He had lost most of his mid 30s fat and was mostly back to the slim figure he had in his 20s. Working out only helped so much though, and he realized that he needed a male friend to hang with and was hoping that Kevin could be that friend. 

Jamie was hoping for that, and more. She knew that Daniel had been bicurious his whole life, but had only recently been able to admit to wanting to be with another man. She didn't know if Kevin swung that way or not, but hoped that Daniel would at least probe a little. If he did, she wanted Daniel to take advantage of it and explore his sexuality more. 

As Daniel arrived at the trailhead he could see that Kevin was already there. It was late morning and they had a good 10 miles to make before camp. 

He hopped out of his truck and started to get his stuff together. He was wearing short running shorts, the kind that was all the rage with ultralight backpackers, only his were the women's version with pale pink piping along the edges of an otherwise black short. The same went for his trail running shoes, they were mostly grey with small accents in pink giving away that they were the female version of the shoe. This was Daniel's way of being "out" with his love of girly clothes. 

"Hey man, great day for a hike," Kevin greeted Daniel as he walked over from his truck to the trailhead. Kevin was about 5 inches taller than Daniel's 5'10", with blond hair and light features. This contrasted with Daniel's dark hair and dark features. Kevin was a little broader than Daniel, but fit, and overall a handsome man. He was wearing a similar outfit as Daniel, except his were all the blacks and blues of the men's versions. 

"Yeah, this is going to awesome!!" enthralled Daniel as they took off on the trail. 

There wasn't much talking as they huffed and puffed along the trail. Neither was out of shape, but neither were they marathon runners either. They made small talk here and there about their wives, families and jobs. 

Around 2pm dark clouds began to roll by. "uh huh," said Kevin, "I hope we don't get dumped on."

"Yeah, me too, but it isn't looking good," agreed Daniel.

By 4 it was pouring buckets. Nothing either man was wearing was dry in the slightest. Their gear was packed away dry and protected though. 

"You think this is a good spot?" questioned Daniel as they came to a clearing off the trail. It had a small stream flowing next to it and was somewhat protected from the rain by the canopy of trees. 

"Yeah, looks awesome. Let's set up our tents and get a fire going. It's supposed to get cold tonight and we don't want to be wet when it does," exclaimed Kevin. 

Both men set to putting up their tents and setting out their sleeping gear for the night. 

"Let's get a fire going so we can dry off our clothes. That way we won't have to wear soggy clothes for tomorrow's hike," suggested Kevin. True to the ultralight creed, neither man had any extra hiking clothes. 

"Good idea. I'll find some dry kindling," agreed Daniel. 

It took longer than either man was willing to admit, but eventually they had a good sized fire going. As Daniel sat on a log, he noticed Kevin begin to strip off his clothes.

"Aren't you going to dry out your clothes? You are going to be chafing and uncomfortable tomorrow if you don't," said Kevin, indicating Daniel's tee shirt and shorts. 

Daniel's heart rate shot up instantly. He was keenly aware that he was wearing a pair of pink Victoria's Secret panties and a pink sports bra. He didn't know if he was ready for Kevin to know he was wearing pink women's underwear yet, if ever. Kevin looked at him questioningly as he removed his shorts to reveal a pair of boxer briefs. 

Well this will definitely probe Kevin's sexual preferences like Jamie wanted, thought Daniel, as he decided to just go with it and see where it took him. At the worst he could always just say he lost a bet with his wife and be done with it. 

He got up and striped off his shirt, showing Kevin his hot pink sports bra, and then dropping his shorts, showing off his pale pink hipster panties. As he hung up his clothes near the fire to dry out he noticed that Kevin was staring, open mouthed. 

"Dude, are you wearing panties?!" exclaimed Kevin, "and...and...a bra," he continued to stammer. 

Daniel's cock twitched in his panties. He knew Kevin was looking at his cock and ass. "Yeah, I usually wear panties and bra. I like the way they feel on and the way they make me feel," explained Daniel as nonchalant as possible. 

"How do they make you feel?" asked Kevin, now curious. He wasn't slack jawed anymore, but he hadn't looked away either. 

"Feminine and girly," replied Daniel, matter of factly. "I guess I feel sexy with them on. Plus Jamie and I have a little mistress/submissive thing going on and she likes me in panties," he continued. He had a little smirk as he answered, as he figured at this point he was going to be as honest as possible with Kevin, and see where it led. 

"Are you gay? Or Bi?" asked Kevin, still looking at his camping buddy sitting there in pink panties and a pink bra. At this point he also noticed that Daniel's hiking shorts had pink piping along the edges and, as Daniel answered, it dawned on him that Daniel was wearing women's shorts, and he figured, probably shirt and shoes as well. 

"No, I'm not gay. I don't want a romantic relationship with a man and I guess I don't know if I'm bi or not. Never had the opportunity to experiment and see," replied Daniel, glancing sideways at Kevin as he did. 

There was a beat of silence between the two men. The only sounds were the crackle of the fire and the animals in the forest as the light of the day faded away. 

Oh fuck it, she ordered me to anyways, thought Daniel, as he gazed directly into Kevin's eye. "Pull out that semi hard cock and let's see if I'm bi or not," he said motioning towards Kevin's crotch. He then got up and moved towards Kevin. 

Kevin's heart raced. He knew what Daniel was asking and his cock was rapidly hardening at the thought of it. But I'm not gay, he thought. Maybe I'm bi though, he finished. 

He didn't respond as Daniel walked over, keeping eye contact the entire time. Daniel continued to gaze into his eyes as he dropped to his knees between Kevin's legs. Kevin was keenly aware that in those pink panties and bra, completely hairless (something else that just dawned on him), Daniel's body looked quite feminine. 

Finally breaking the stalemate, Kevin brought his hand to his underwear and slipped the front down to release his now very hard cock. It was a little longer than Daniel's own 6 inch cock, maybe six and half or possibly seven inches, and a little wider. Daniel looked down at it for a second and, licking his lips, he brought his gaze back up to Kevin's. 

"Do you want me to suck your dick Kev?" He asked. Kevin nodded his reply, not quite sure what to say, and not quite trusting himself to say anything. 

Daniel grinned as he grasped Kevin's smooth cock with his hand. He felt it up and down with one hand and cupped Kevin's balls with the other. Daniel was very aware that his own cock was rock hard and leaking precum into his panties as he fondled Kevin. It really was a beautiful cock, thought Daniel. 

He lowered his mouth and licked a drop of precum off Kevin's cock head, savoring the salty and semi-sweet taste. This was his first taste of another man's cum. The second his tongue touched Kevin's cock, Kevin let out a low moan of pleasure. Daniel took this as a signal and lowered his mouth fully onto his cock. 

Savoring the first taste of another man's cock, Daniel began to work Kevin's cock around his mouth. Teasing his spongy cock head with his tongue and feeling Kevin's balls tighten against his body made Daniel even more turned on. 

Well I guess I am bi, he thought as he worked his mouth further and further down Kevin's magnificent manhood. His head bobbed up and down and his hand slid up and down Kevin's shaft synchronized with his mouth as Daniel tried to give his friend the best blowjob he could, all the while feeling the warmth of the fire against his naked back. 

As Daniel sucked Kevin's dick with gusto, Kevin leaned himself back against the tree behind his log seat and let out a deep moan of pleasure. It had been sometime since his wife had given him a blow job. They had a good sex life, but they were both very busy with their jobs and lately it felt that sex was always something they could live without. 

Kevin felt his orgasm begin to build quickly with Daniel sucking, licking, teasing and caressing his cock. He didn't know how Daniel wanted to take him so he asked, "ummmm...I'm gonna cum..." But trailed off.

Daniel's reply was to continue to suck and bob his head on Kevin's engorged prick. He had discussed this part of his fantasy with his wife previously, and she told him that she wanted the cum in his mouth so he could taste it and then swallow all of it, like a good sissy slut. I guess I am really a sissy now thought Daniel as he deep throated Kevin's cock the best he could. 

Daniel felt Kevin's balls tighten. Kevin moaned deeply as he began to shoot ropes of hot, thick cum into Daniel's waiting mouth. Kevin griped Daniel's shoulders tightly and Daniel looked up to see Kevin looking down at him. They locked eyes as Daniel began to gulp down the massive load of cum that Kevin was shooting into his mouth. A little began to leak from the corners of Daniel's mouth as he tried to swallow as fast as he could. 

Finally, Daniel felt Kevin's cock begin to soften and the jets of cum became trickles. He swallowed the rest left in mouth and popped his lips off of Kevin's cock with an audible smack. He knew that some was trickling down the corners of his mouth but he was distracted by the look on Kevin's face, which was one of pure bliss. Not breaking eye contact, he lowered his lips back to Kevin's cock and tenderly kissed the tip. He then, using his finger tips, pushed the errant cum back into his mouth and dramatically swallowed, knowing that Kevin was getting a kick out watching him. 

"Well I guess I'm bi," quipped Daniel, "cause I loved blowing you and my cock is rock hard right now."

"Dude, that was the most amazing blow job I think I've ever gotten," replied Kevin somewhat dreamily in his post orgasm haze. He was still looking down at his friend kneeling in the leaves, with his own softening cock in his hand, dressed in pink lingerie. Kevin couldn't believe how hard he had cum. 

Daniel gave Kevin's cock one more kiss, licked some remaining cum off the tip, and then got up to go back to his log. 

"Wait," asked Kevin with some urgency.

Daniel turned from the fire he had been looking at, "Yeah?"

"That's it? You just blow me and go back to your log like it was no big deal?" asked Kevin, somewhat incredulously.

"What are you expecting? Wanna cuddle?" asked Daniel with a smirk.

"I dunno. I really liked that BJ, but I don't think that I could reciprocate. Sorry," said Kevin.

"Don't worry man. I totally get it. I enjoyed giving you the BJ, and besides the deal with my wife is that she's the only one that gets my cum. I don't think I'd really enjoy getting a BJ from another guy anyways. I'm a giver not a taker," Daniel replied with a smile and a chuckle.

"Wait, so it turns you on to give BJs to guys but not get them?" asked Kevin, somewhat confused. 

"Yeah man, I'm a submissive mostly. I like to be used. Sometimes Jamie and I switch it up but I've got plenty of power and control at work and I actually really love being told what to do, at least with sexual things," explained Daniel. 

"Okay, that actually makes sense. So like, would you want to be my submissive? Out here, on this trip, I mean?" asked Kevin. He was surprised that he asked that. He'd always wanted to try and be dominant, but Jenny was never interested in trying anything with power or control in the bedroom. The thought of being dominant over Daniel sexually was actually turning him on big time.

Daniel thought for a minute about that. As he was thinking he listened to the sounds of the forest and the crackling fire. Night had fallen, but it was still warmish within the embrace of the fire's heat. He couldn't see anything in the darkness outside of the fire light. 

"I mean you are a sissy, right? The feminine underwear, and I noticed that you have no hair on your body. I guess I'm not sure how all this works, but I'm curious," stammered Kevin, continuing his thoughts in the silence left by his last question. 

Daniel looked down a Kevin, still sitting on the log with his cock hanging out of his boxer briefs, and said, "yes, I am a sissy, I guess, and I do like to be dominated. I like the idea of being your sissy for this trip as long as you never ask me to do anything dangerous or anything with pee or poop, I draw the line there." 

Daniel knew that Jamie would be okay with this arrangement, especially since she had ordered him to be open to specifically this experience before he came. It was also something else they had discussed in fantasy. He figured he would have to talk to her after the trip to see if a relationship like that could continue with Kevin, assuming they both wanted it to. 

"Also since I'm the one receiving I need to know if you are carrying anything I can catch," Daniel asked, tone serious. 

Kevin heard the seriousness of his tone and immediately answered, "No, I don't have anything. This is the first time I've done something with anyone other than Jenny since we got married, over 10 years ago. And also I agree to your terms. Nothing dangerous and no bodily fluids, other than cum." He said the last with a wry grin. 

Kevin continued, "What can I ask you to do? I'm new to this. What does your wife do to you?"

Daniel was still standing in front of Kevin with his back to the fire. "Anything you want to really. She sometimes spanks me or has me do chores around the house. But mostly I eat her out a lot and give massages," he answered. 

Kevin had always wanted to spank his wife but she was not interested at all. He grinned wider this time and sat up on his log. 

"Take off your shoes. I saw you had some sandals in your bag. I assume they are ladies sandals. Put them on and return to stand in front of me again," commanded Kevin, somewhat tentatively.

Daniel smiled and said, "yes sir." He went and took off his women's running shoes and put on a pair of flip flops with pink crystals across each strap and returned to his spot in front of Kevin. 

Kevin noticed that Daniel's toes were painted pink. "Damn, you are a sissy. You even have painted toe nails. I love it," he exclaimed. 

"So what do I call you? And what should you call me? If you are my sissy and I'm your...master, I guess?" asked Kevin. 

"I don't like the word master," said Daniel, "what about sir?"

"Yeah, me neither. I like sir though. You will call me sir from now on. What do I call you? Sissy?" continued Kevin.

"Yes Sir! I think sissy is fine. But my feminine name is Dani. So either of those will work," replied Daniel with a smile. 

"Ok, Dani. Turn around so I can see your ass," commanded Kevin. He was becoming more confident as they worked out the individual parts of this new relationship. 

Daniel turned around to face the fire and present his ass for Sir's inspection. Kevin brought his hand up and caressed up Daniel's leg and grabbed his ass cheek. "Nice ass Dani!" Kevin stated.

"Thank you sir," said Daniel with butterflies in his stomach.

Kevin shifted himself on his log and dropped his underwear to the ground. "I'd love to fuck that ass, too bad we have no way to lubricate it," he opined, his cock getting hard with even the thought of fucking Daniel's little sissy ass. 

"Actually sir, I noticed that my wife prepared for this possibility and put some silicone lube in my pack," answered Daniel, glancing over his shoulder and smiling at Sir. "I was going to use it to rub one out, but this seems more like the reason she snuck it into my pack," he continued.

"Absolutely! Go get the lube and when you come back, lay yourself over my knees. It's time you are reminded who owns your ass while you are out here," Kevin growled the last part as a punctuated command. Daniel's cock got harder and he scurried off to obey his Sir's commands. 

When he came back with the lube, Kevin had put more wood on the fire and placed his jacket on the ground in front of the fire. He was sitting on his log again, naked, with an extremely hard cock. 

"Here is the lube you requested sir," reported Daniel, as he placed himself over Kevin's knees, ass up. 

Kevin pulled Daniel's panties up into his ass crack, exposing his butt cheeks. "Thank you Dani. Now I'm going to spank you. Not because you did anything wrong, but because I want to, I can, and I want to assert my dominance over you. Understand?" he asked. 

"Yes sir" replied Daniel, giggling. He could feel Kevin's hard cock against his belly and own hard cock against Kevin's leg. 
