 I woke with my head resting on his slumbering chest and the remains of a rather large amount of his cum from the previous night glazing my face. I have long known about the exceptional hardwood Bill grows during the night. But the sight of waking to find his highly polished cock staring me in the face NEVER fails to inspire sexual hunger in me. The thick sheen of dried sexual juices was like a fine patina over his statuesque prick. A work of living art, pulsating with life, eager to perform its intended function. I longed to touch it, to feel it, to kiss it, to accept it inside me both in my mouth and deep between my legs. He shifted in the bed and his hand fell from around me, as I lifted my head from his chest. 

I shifted slightly and paused to see if the note of his slumber changed. It didn't and I took the opportunity to move closer to his slumbering stiffy. It bounced ever so slightly in time with his beating heart. I kissed him on the underside, mid-shaft. A slight change in the depth of his breathing, deeper, and protracted. 

I traced my tongue up the length of his erection achieving its peak just as he fixed his bleary eyes on me taking his glans into my mouth. I sucked him hard, and eagerly. I took his thick heavy balls into my mouth one at a time. I ran my tongue up and down his shaft. I made sweet love to his cock. I made sure I gave my all, and when the time came that he could hold it no longer, I drank in his love with an undeniable thirst. His cum was hot and thick as it coursed over my tongue only to be guzzled down my throat, nourishing my soul as it embarked then my flesh as it reached its internal destination. 

I drank in everything he fed me and he fed me quite well. I climbed up his frame and settled into his arms again, "You're getting very good at serving me breakfast in bed! I love the taste of your cum in the morning! Care to fuck me, you know, just to start my day off right?"

"If that's what you need to start your day, then I think I've got just what you need." Bill got up and stood beside the bed. I matched his move and positioned myself kneeling on the edge of the bed. I offered myself to him, and Bill seized the opportunity as he seized my hips. "Now that is a beautiful ass, I'm gonna enjoy this."

"If you enjoy it half as much as I do," a deep intake of breath as his cock entered me and didn't stop until its full length was throbbing inside me. "You'd never want to stop fucking me."

"Oh god your pussy feels so good! You like it when I fuck you?"

"I love it when you fuck me! Aahh! Aahh! Aahh! Aahh! Aahh! Ooooooohhh Baby, fuck me with your beautiful cock!" He fucked me with long, deep penetrating strokes. "Aahh! Aahh! Aahh! Aahh! Aahh! You're driving me fucking crazy with your cock!" He was pumping me hard, all the while pulling me backwards onto his engorged shaft. "Aahh! Aahh! Aahh! Aahh! Aahh! Promise you'll never stop fucking me!"

"I'll never stop fucking your sweet pussy! Oh god, your pussy is so good, it makes me want to fill you full of cum."

"Aahh! Aahh! Fuck! Aahh! Aahh! Me! Aahh! Aahh!" I squealed as his nuts continued to bludgeon me with reckless abandon. 

"Aaaaaaaaahahahaahhhhhhhhhhhh!" I came hard as his marauding penis kept up its assault. The wave of my orgasm washed over my body, and my husband rode that wave, prolonging it with his internal massage. My upper body collapsed as I panted hard. My hips remained firmly in my husband's grasp as he continued to drill my tender flesh. "Please Bill, don't stop. I need more. Fuck me, please keep fucking me!" My heat was building again. "Aahh! Aahh! Aahh! Aahh! Aahh!" My small breasts bouncing in rhythm to him slamming his pelvis into me over and over. "That's it, give it to me baby! Aahh! Aahh! Aahh! Aahh! Aahh!" My muscles were aching spasmodically, completely out of my control, and completely under the spell his magic wand was casting over my flesh. 

"Your pussy is so fucking hot!"

"You make me hot! Your cock feels so good inside me!"

"Do you like it when I fuck your sweet pussy?"

"Uh Huh!"

"Do you like my dick?"

"I LOVE every inch of your throbbing cock!" He was still enough inside me that I could feel his heart thundering in my canyon. 

"Do you want me to fuck you more?"

"I want you to fuck me with every inch of your cock!" 

"Do you want me to cum inside you?" Starting to gently slide in and out of me again.

"I want you to fill me full of your cum."

"Your pussy feels so good."

"Fuck my pussy baby! You fuck me so good!"

"Oh, I'm gonna fuck you really good."

"Don't hold back, give it all to me! I'm your wife, fuck me with all you've got!"

His slow steady pace evolved into an all-out balling. "Aahh! Aahh! Aahh! Aahh! Aahh! Aahh! Aahh! Aahh! Aahh! Aahh!"

"Oh god I Love fucking you!"

"Oh! God! You're! Fucking! Me! So! Good! Aahh! Aahh! Aahh!"

He grunted and moaned as he and his mighty scepter ruled the kingdom of submissive flesh that was my body. He slid his lengthy bone into my craven flesh over and over. "Aahh! Aahh! Aahh! Aahh! Aahh!" The heat in my flesh was incredible and building. He was going to make me orgasm again, with his stiff rutting cock. "Aahh! Aahh! Aahh! Aahh! Aahh!" I could contain it no longer, my flesh exploded, then burned away as he tended my fire. His loins were like bellows fanning the fire inside me with a precision unknown to mere mortals. I squealed in ecstasy as he kept my fire going. "I'm cumming, Oooooooohoohohoohohohohh Ggooooooooooooooooddddddddd!" I was rigid, unmoving, as he rutted himself ever deeper inside of me. 

Bill ground to a stop as he came inside me. Again and again his orgasm flowed into me. Again and again I took his nut deep into me. His cock spasmed as it injected me with its life blood, slowly dying its little death. 

My husband stepped back and pulled me to a standing position in front of him. His arms wrapped tightly around me he began kissing me on the shoulders and neck. I turned in his arms and returned his kisses eagerly. We stood there our tongues dancing with each other, my arms around his neck, his hands groping my ass. 

"I can say one thing for you 'ole man'", I said smiling a sexy little smile, "You sure do know how to ball."

"Seems that I finally found someone that likes me to ball them."

"You're fuckin' a right I do. I love the way you are with me. I love the way you kiss me, I love the way you touch me, and I love the way you sometimes make sweet passionate love to me, I love the way you sometimes take me and fuck me blue."

"I love you Jamie, pure and simple."

"I love you Bill."



I laid on the couch, my head in Bill's lap as we watched a Discovery channel special on time travel. We had been together for a little over 5 years. We are the very best of friends, we are very passionate lovers, and have even become public about our relationship. 

Through the modern science of hormone therapy, and the magic of make-up, even Bill's closest friends think I am female (one of his buddies even made a drunken pass at me one night when we were having a party). My hair is shoulder length, my nails are manicured and polished, I wear bras in public, and I work-out with a focus on accentuating a feminine musculature. My 'boy package' has withered with the hormones and is very easy to hide. Their wives and girlfriends have accepted me as one of their own. We 'do lunch', we giggle and compare our guy's attributes (the sexual one's and the non-sexual ones), I've even grown comfortable being bare breasted around one or two of them (my titts are definitely nothing to write home about, but with the help of the hormones and Bill's relentless suckling, I've managed to cultivate two b-cup breasts with very large, comparatively, areola's and nipples). I no longer have the need to shave anything but my legs, and underarms. Though I do shave the back half of the crack between my legs (I call it my 'pussy', and so does Bill), not because I need to, but because I want to. 

Bill has a sister, and she thinks I'm the 'best thing that's ever happened to Bill'. Chloe and I have become fast friends, and have a standing lunch date on Wednesday's. We occasionally do the 'chick-flick' and shopping thing together. She is single so we usually spend a day or two a week together. Bill was a little surprised by our friendship, but was very encouraging of it. His own relationship with his sister seemed to blossom after we announced our relationship to her.

I nuzzled my head against his lap as his hand gently fondled my rump. His cock began to respond and he pushed his fingers past the waistband of my Calvin Klein's as he searched for my warm sweet hole. He reached down and undid his belt. I lifted my head and helped with his zipper. His erection emerged, as his fingers found my pussy. He rubbed and fingered my hole, and I eagerly feasted on his offered midnight snack. If I do say so myself, I've gotten quite good as sucking Bill's cock. I can suck him hard and turn him loose on my body, or I can suck a nut out of him in about four minutes flat. Tonight I was hungry for his sperm, so I turned up the heat and blew his mind (not to mention his lengthy penis). 

I no longer needed a hand on his shaft, I couldn't take all of him in my mouth, but I had gotten quite good at sucking him off freehanded. I worked his balls with one hand and my titts with the other as he continued to finger me on the couch. I blew with all my might and I sucked even harder. It took just a few minutes for him to reward the sensations I was providing him with the sweet juice I craved. He shot wad after wad into my hungry cocksucker, and I fed greedily on his wiggling seed.

"Get your pants off, I want that sweet pussy you've been teasing me with."

"My pussy is yours for the taking, I would never tease you with it." I unbuttoned my jeans and pulled off my top. My small breasts sporting firm erect nipples caught Bill's eyes as he moved in between my legs in front of me sitting on the couch. I never wear a bra at home, so they were bare to his advance, and I made no attempt to shield them. He pounced on my titts, sucking one, then the other, into his mouth and teasing them with his tongue. 

"Oh fuck, you know what momma likes, don't you!"

"Mmm!" he nursed on my nipples while tugging at my jeans.

As my jeans hit the floor, the light from the TV threw my panties and stockings into sharp contrast to my tanned skin, garters glowing in the false light. Bill almost ripped my panties trying to pull them down from over my garter belt.

"Oh my god you're sexy as hell!"

He put his hands on the outside of my thighs, not even bothering trying to lift them and rammed his cock hard into my pussy. I had only a split second to tilt my pelvis but it was enough to get me into position. My flesh accepted him eagerly, nuts deep, and he immediately began rutting and plowing inside me. 

"Oh Yea Baby! You know how I like! C'mon fuck me!"

His mouth clamped down on my breast and he sucked them as he did me. 

"Ooooooooooooo!" I cooed softly, enjoying the titt sucking, cunt reaming Bill was currently engaged in. "Let me have it Baby! Feed my pussy your hard dick!"

"God I want to cum in your hot pussy!"

"Cum in my pussy Bill, fill it up with your hot sticky cum!"

Bill threw his head back, "Aaaaahahhahahhhhhhhh!", as he threw his nut inside my starving cunt. I clamped down hard and my orgasm followed immediately after. 

"Let's go to bed Jamie."

We turned off the lights and I led him down the hall to our bed. We got into bed, and Bill climbed on top of me and screwed me through two of my orgasms, and another of his. We drifted off to sleep sweaty and sticky, and wrapped in each other's arms.

I woke in the middle of the night to Bill nuzzling my breasts. I reached up with both arms and grasped the headboard allowing him unrestricted access to my small but attentive titts. My nipples were deliciously hard and longing for his mouth. He sucked them longingly, teasingly brushing his tongue over them. I whimpered and moaned softly as I relished being feasted on. I cooed out sweet, soft encouragement as he fed on my little titts.

His amorous attentions had awakened my lust, and my heat was building. "Make love to me Bill." I spread my legs and invited him in. He accepted my invitation, and we ground slowly into the night. He explored me thoroughly and I laid back and enjoyed being enjoyed. My arms looped around him and held him close as he pushed his cock inside me over and over. I breathed heavily into his ear and kissed his neck as he had his way with me, and his way suited me just fine. 

I came for him and he came in me. We fell asleep again with Bill's arms around me holding one of my titts, his recently wetted cock lying against the back of my legs.

We woke in our familiar position, his arm around my upper body, his cock straining to pry apart my sexy ass, and use my sleepy hole for its deviant sexual pleasure. Yippee!! I longed to touch it, to kiss it, to accept it inside me. Sucking Bill's lengthy prick first thing in the morning is one of the most pleasurable things that we've discovered in our relationship. His ejaculation first thing in the morning is strong and HUGE, it tastes absolutely wonderful, and it's very thick and sticky. It's sweet and savory at the same time. It fills me in a way nothing else ever has. He always seems taken by complete surprise when I latch on for my breakfast feeding, even though I do it almost every morning. 

We have established a tradition, every morning Bill feeds me breakfast after our slumber. I wake up and give him a rousing blowjob every morning (maybe not EVERY morning, but I rarely miss the opportunity to send him out into the world a few ounces lighter with a spring in his step). When he cums in my mouth first thing in the morning it nourishes not only my flesh but my love and my soul. Sometimes he seems overwhelmed and he mounts me and makes love to me with great passion, but the vast majority of the time he lays back and allows me to feast on my favorite breakfast.

This morning's breakfast was no different, hot, sticky, and sweet. Bill shot it into my warm hungry mouth with loving enthusiasm, matched only by my own as I drank in his essence. 

"Oh my god, thank you Jamie that was as fantastic as ever. You sure know how I like it."

I licked the last drop of his seed from the corner of my mouth and snuggled up next to him. "I love you baby! What time do you have to be at work?"

"8 o'clock."

"Its 6:30, you better jump in the shower. Hurry up! I'll make you lunch to take with you."

Bill got into the shower and I pulled on one of his t-shirts, and slid back into last night's black lace panties. In the kitchen I turned the radio on and set about making tuna salad sandwiches for his lunch. I packed him two sandwiches, an apple, and some cheez-its. (Not sure why he likes them so much, but he does. And I like to make sure my man gets what he wants.) I set a pot of coffee to brewing and turned to the sink to wash the dishes from the night before when his hands encircled my waist. 

"That was a quick shower!"

"I couldn't wait to get you back in my arms."

"I was going to have a cup of coffee and a muffin as soon as I finish the dishes."

"Mind if I butter your muffin for you?"

"Oh my, what an exciting offer! Please, butter away!"

He snaked his hands under the t-shirt I was wearing and hooked his thumbs into my panties. I leaned forward onto the counter as he exposed my crack. He left my panties high around my thighs and moved his hands to gently pull my ass cheeks apart and pushed into me as I placed my elbows on the counter next to the sink.

"Oh yea! That never gets old!"

He moved his hands to hold me by my flared hips. His hands were strong and his penis eager. He had me pinned against the countertop, holding me very still with his weight. He used his hands to hold me steady while his adventurous cock plunged over and over into the depths of my lust as "Everybody's got a hungry heart" played on the radio. 

"Your cock feels so good inside me. Please, fuck my pussy."

His dick laid me with the full length of its shaft, his weighty nuts spanked my taint with eager enthusiasm as he pumped heat into my loins. His hands held my hips as I worked my nipples. "Oh Yea! Yea! Yea! Yea! Yea!" I moaned in time with his thrusts while he stoked my fire.

I had long since stopped trying to consciously make my 'orgasms' happen. I could very easily entice them along, but they seemed to happen much more frequently, and provide me much more satisfaction, when I just surrendered and let my man have his way with me. The way I feel when Bill's cock is inside of me is all it takes to make me cum, and this encounter was no exception.

"Oh fuck Bill, I'm gonna cum! Oh, Oh, Oh! Oooooohoohhoohhohhhh!" My orgasmic cries where the only impetus he needed. He began pumping harder and faster. "Aahh! Aahh! Aahh! Aahh! Aahh! Aahh! Aahh! Aahh! Aahh! Aahh!" was all I could say as his cock worked itself up to filling my vault. 

"Ooo, Fuck!" He bellowed as his long gun began to fire. Volley after volley of his thick cum rocketed into my aching body. 

"Aahh! Aahh! Aahh! Aahh! Aahh! Aahh! Aahh! Aahh! Aahh! Aahh!" I cooed out as he pumped me full of his fiery spend. With my undercarriage freshly oiled, Bill motioned for me to turn around. I pulled my pretty panties back into place, feeling them nestle into my cum dampened crack I looked into my husband's eyes. 

"Being with you is always so incredible."

"Ditto." As I nestled into his arms. He enveloped me with his embrace, held me for a long moment, kissed my neck, then my exposed shoulder. 

"You keep that up and I'm gonna make you late for work."

"You're very good at that." 

"You're damn right I am." I followed him down the hall into the bedroom.

"Are you gonna make the final shopping run today?"

"Yea. Chloe and I are having lunch, and she is gonna help me pick out a new bathing suit." I flopped down onto the bed and watched him dress as we talked.

"You comfortable with that?"

"Yes, I am. I have no plans on letting her into the changing room with me."

"Ok. Will you pick up that new Stephen King book for me?"

"You think I gonna go to a remote tropical paradise with you and allow you time to read?"

"No, if I wanna read I'm probably gonna have to get you drunk first."

"Just so you know, there is only one 'intoxicating beverage' I'm interested in, and it's served hot." 

"There'll be plenty of that for you. You gonna pick up the tickets?"

"Don't worry. I'm gonna take the list, and I won't forget anything!"

"I'm so looking forward to getting away with you." He leaned over and kissed me.

"Me too."

"Have a good time today."

"I will, don't work too hard."

"Never." I walked him to the back door, and kissed him goodbye. 

I picked Chloe up about 10:30 that morning and we set out on our shopping crusade. We hit both malls in the area, and ate lunch at an Applebee's in the second mall. 

"I just can't get over the fact that you're going to be my sister-in-law." Chloe said, pawing my left hand over the top of our deserts.

"Speak now or forever hold your peace." I said, grinning. I had been wearing the ring Bill had 'married' me with as an engagement ring. 

"Oh I have absolutely NO problem with it. I'm just surprised a young woman like you is interested in getting hitched to a lecherous old bum like Bill. I mean what are you going to do about kids, he'll be in a nursing home before you can deliver."

"Chloe, I can't have children. And, your brother isn't lecherous."

"Does he satisfy you sexually? I ask because if he finds out down the road that you've taken a lover, it will destroy him."

"No worries, Chloe! Bill skills in that area are exactly what I lust for. He satisfies my every need."
