 About ten years ago, I was midway through my college years. During this time, I met what was to be a good buddy of mine, Stan. We had met at a mutual friend’s apartment. She, Ellen, had a get together with about twelve or so of us. It was the beginning of the Fall semester, and it was exciting to meet new people.

Through the semester, Stan had gotten to know Ellen’s roommate, Liza, fairly well. Ellen and Liza had been living together for about a year and a half before Stan and I had met them. They were very outgoing and hospitable, and at different times when they’d have these small get-togethers, Stan and I would find ourselves being the last guests to leave.

Thus, the four of us gradually grew into pretty good friendships. However, Stan and Liza eventually became such good friends, that two years later they were wed. Of course, Ellen and myself were among those in the wedding party. Even though she and I never had inclinations to become more than friends, I still found her to be attractive.

Now, during these years, Stan and I would often go out on weekend backpacking trips. We’d often leave on a Friday afternoon, and return late Sunday night or Monday afternoon. Summer, Winter -- we went whenever.

This one weekend we headed out to hike a fairly remote trail. It was August and pretty hot and sticky during the day, and not too much less so in the evening. We had set camp close to a stream. Since we were part way up a mountain, the water was nice and comfortable. Our first night there, we decided to lounge in the stream. Since it was halfway up the mountain, the stream was full of rocks and boulders of different sizes. Some sections were only a foot deep, but then there’d be a section about the size of a large hot tub that would be three or four feet deep.

We found a nice comfortable hole like this and made that our hangout the first night. I always bring a few beers with me, so we sat back, drank some, and just took in the mountain air. It felt like such freedom.

The next day was pretty much the same -- hot and sticky. Since we didn’t have much daylight the previous day when we first hiked in, we didn’t have time to scout out the area. However, this second day we had all the time in the world to hike about. It was very secluded.

As it started getting dark, we cooked dinner over the fire, and quickly cleaned up our mess. Since we were feeling pretty sticky and dirty, we couldn’t wait to get back into the stream and let it rinse us off as we just laid in it. The hazy moon was out about halfway. I had found a couple sterno cans in my pack, so we lit those and placed them like candles on the rocks. We were sitting naked and happy in the stream.

We sat back and chatted for awhile. I asked Stan how he and Liza were doing.

“Things are going great,” he answered. “That’s cool”, I said, “are y’all still enjoying the physical stuff, or has it become old hat by now?”

“Oh man,” Stan came back, “it has actually gotten better.”

“Really? I thought people always said that it kind of lost it’s thrill after a year or so. Not so for you two, huh?”

“Well, there was a point when it lost a little luster, but then Liza and I started talking more openly about our sexual turn-ons, fantasies and such. We’ve also been able to talk about our past experiences. We were both a little reluctant at first to talk about our past lovers, but we actually found ourselves getting turned on by hearing how sexually minded the other has always been.”

“Wow!” I was pretty amazed at how open they were, especially Liza. She was definitely not a prude, but I never saw her as a “wild girl”. She was also attractive. She was normal height, and was in pretty good shape. She was one of these women who is a tad thicker in the upper torso, but had real nice slender legs. On top of this, she probably had a good 38” bust. Nice to look at , and I’m sure nicer to hold. “So, Liza had a wild past?”

“Well, not too wild.” Stan knew he could trust me not to ever mention any of this conversation to anyone without even having to ask me. “However, there was this one night years ago when she and Ellen had one of those get togethers. As always, you and I were hanging there for awhile after everyone else had left. I can’t believe neither you or I caught onto this, but apparently I had quite the bulge in my shorts.

“Ooh, she noticed your bulge. That’s pretty wild stuff,” I joked.

“Oh wait, you’ll see. See, after you and I left, Ellen and Liza started giggling, and quickly realized what the other one had noticed in my shorts. They began joking around about it, and Ellen started pretending she was me. She took a banana and stuck it in her shorts. ‘Hey, Liza, you ever see a pop tent like this one.’ She was saying shit like that, and started coming up to Liza and humping her leg with the banana. Apparently they really thought this was funny, and Liza pushed Ellen onto the couch, and sat on her lap, facing Ellen, and began grinding her.”

“Whoa, get out!” I said. I got that excited lump in my throat, and felt my little man begin to wake from his slumber. “Good grief!”

“Well, keep listening,” warned Stan. “Apparently they were doing this whole grinding thing for a bit, and they were laughing and groaning and pinching and tickling each other. Ellen squeezed one of Liza’s breasts, and then double-cupped her ass in both of her hands. Soon, where they were once jokingly sticking their tongues out at one another, they soon found their tongues touching. From what Liza says, once that happened, it was obvious to them both that the kidding was now tossed to the side, and they were well on their way to having sex. She said they had some more fun with that banana, and they went down on each other several times.”

I was in a thrilling shock. I mean, this was the kind of stuff I would beat off to while making it up in my head. I was rock hard. “Stan, man, I hope you don’t mind, but that whole story has got me totally revved up.”

“I figured it would. Liza worried that if any of our friends knew, they would think she was disgusting. I told her that at least most of our guy friends wouldn’t -- they’d think it was very cool. When I told her that most guys get off thinking about that kind of stuff, she asked me if I thought you were one of those kinds of guys. I told her that you and I never talked about that specifically, but that I knew you well enough to know this is the kind of stuff you’d get off on while reading it in Forum or something like that.”

“Hell yeah, man. Shoot, let’s get out of here now so that we can do a foursome or something,” I joked. “Seriously, though, I am stoked. I hope you don’t mind, but the thought of sweet Liza getting roused up like that -- umm. I think I’ve got the biggest flag pole in the state right now.”

“Well, you and I both,” Stan said.

“Well, maybe you’re second biggest.”

“Fuck that, I’d put you to shame.”

“Alright, it’s revelation time.” As I said this, we both stood up out of the water and stuck our pelvis’ out to display our wankers. At any other time, this would have been obviously awkward, but we were both feeling a buzz from the sex that was in our heads.

“I am the Champion!” I exclaimed, and start swatting my penis back and forth.

“Not quite,” stated Stan, as he began swinging himself back and forth, as well. We kept doing this and moving them towards the other as if to be fencing one another with our penis’.

“Dude, man,” I laughed, “this is so gay.”

“I know, but who cares.” 

We continued bumping our penis’ together, until we made each contact slower and last longer. Pretty soon we were pressing them up against each other.

“Alright,” I said, “I think I see a male ‘Ellen and Liza’ incident happening here.”

“That’s cool.”

We kept pressing against each other, until I backed up a bit, and looked at his penis. We were about the same in size and girth. I started getting that exciting tingling in the back of my throat. I had so often fantasized about the sight of a woman getting fucked and giving blow jobs, that now and then I wondered what it would be like from the woman’s perspective. I started getting down on my knees, but there were too many rocks to do this comfortably. Without missing a beat, Stan sat back on a rock, and then laid back on it so that he was kind of arching backwards. This positioned his head so that as he laid it back on the rock, he really couldn’t see his pelvic area.

This made me feel even more free to do what I had often dreamt. His hardon had just loosened up a tiny bit. I put one hand on it, and ran my tongue from his balls all the way up the underside of his penis. I knew exactly how this felt to him; all he could do was moan. I then batted his balls around with my tongue. By this time, he was rock hard again.

I rubbed it around on my face, while taking glances at it from time to time so the visual would get me even more excited. I then positioned my mouth above his shaft and tongued his head a bit, all around the top and sides of it. Then I ran my tongue once more from his balls all the way to the top, and this time as I went down, I moved his pulsating dick into my mouth. The excitement forced a moan from my throat. Stan just continued groaning. I then picked up the pace, and pretty much just envisioned myself as a slutty, sexy whore, and just sucked him like I’d been doing it all my life.

I could tell he was getting ready to cum, and I couldn’t wait. I felt him jolt, and I ran my tongue once more up the underside of his meat at about the same pace as his cum was traveling the same direction to spurt out the top. I had my open mouth right at the head when the cum started shooting out, so that some landed in my mouth, and some got on my face. I then began sucking on him all the way into my mouth again, and I knew exactly where and how to push the rest of his cum out of his sack, up his shaft and into my mouth. I applied just enough suction so that he could feel it pulling at whatever cum was left over in his balls.

I was afraid that after he’d cum, he’d lose his edge, and feel too weird to do anything on me. However, he was in sex mode.

“Alright, slut-boy, time for you to take the rock chair.” That’s all I needed to hear. I sat back on that rock just as he had been.

“Alright, you little fuck bitch -- get going.” I said this without the slightest tone of joking. Just as he couldn’t, I was unable to see him as he sent me into the same stratosphere he was in just minutes before.

Once I was sucked dry, we sat back in the water, and laughed.

“You know,” Stan began, “Liza could tell how turned on I was getting when she first told me about her and Ellen. She asked me if I ever thought about having some kind of sex with one my buddies. She said it’d be cool to have a foursome with another guy and girl, but only if each of us could have sex with each of the others, which included me and whoever the dude would be. She said, ‘You and John ought to get it on during one of your backpacking trips.’ I told her it could happen.”

As he was talking about this, the images I got in my head of a foursome like that was getting me stiff again. I thought about Liza in some white nylons, and bending that bitch over on her hands and knees. ‘Now arch your back, ‘ I’d command her. I’d then sink my dick firmly inside her cunt, and begin pumping her like crazy. I imagined looking over to a vanity mirror, and seeing her nice plump ass rippling with waves with each of my strong thrusts, and her large breasts swinging crazily underneath her. Oh man, I was all psyched up again.

Feeling a new liberty to do so, I reached over and wrapped my hand completely around Stan’s equally stiffened member. “Just as I thought,” I said.

Stan told me to hold that thought, as he jumped up and ran over to our backpacks. He jumped back, and I could clearly see the small jar of Vaseline in his hand. “Might as well do this right,” he said.

Before I could ask who was going first, he told me to bend over like the whore I was. This sent a chill up my spine. I gladly took the position, spreading my legs just a bit, and arching my back. I basically pictured myself as Liza in the way I had just imagined mounting her. Stan had a big lump of jelly in his fingers, and rubbed it onto my asshole. Just feeling this on my ass got me more excited. He wiped the excess off on one of the shirts nearby.

As he came back over to me, I clearly remember the sensation I got when feeling him position himself between my legs and grab my butt cheeks. I felt like so many of the sluts I’d seen in so many porns. He pressed the head of his dick on my hole, and that’s when it dawned on me the size difference between the two. Oddly enough, this just excited me all the more.

He didn’t say anything. He just made short thrusts back and forth, until it was like my hole gave in to the fight, and his whole cock slid into my ass. I let out a groan that sounded exactly like how the prettiest woman would groan, without me even trying to.

“Oh yes,” I repeated, over and over in different tones. I could feel my ass cheeks rippling waves back and forth with each thrust. As Stan was getting close to cumming, he leaned forward so as to lay his chest on my back, and with his face just behind my head, he pumped me with short, fast and strong thrusts, saying, “I’m going cum inside you, bitch.” He said this over and over until his cock was once again emptied.

I laid there for a few seconds, catching my breath, feeling limp. I then shot up, and without a pause, ordered Stan to bend over like the bitch he was. Our roles shifted 180 degrees, and now he was my ass whore to control.

After I was finished reaming him out, we were both ready to get some sleep.

We both slept great that night. In the morning, there was no awkwardness. We got up, brushed our teeth, and took in the freshness of the morning air. All we could do was laugh about what had happened. The rest of the morning was to be spent packing up camp, and heading back home. As we briefly chatted this out, we realized how relaxed our schedule was.

At almost the same time, we looked at each other with the same look in our eyes.

“I think we have time for one more thing,” I said.

We took off our shorts as we got back into the tent. Almost instinctively, we laid down on our sides in the opposite direction of the other, so that each of us was staring right at the others cock. We 69ed each other, making for a spectacular start of a day.

As we drove back home, we laughed more about it, and were both somewhat ecstatic that we had opened up a whole new realm of possibilities for our sex lives.

When I pulled my truck into Stan’s driveway, Liza walked onto the front stoop. Before getting out to unload Stan’s gear, I said without hardly opening my lips, “I can’t wait to get a piece of that.”

“Trust me, my friend, you won’t be waiting long.”