 The next day I found Bill sitting on his front porch as I walked by, I waved and he waved back. So far, so good. "You look good today!" I called out.

"I feel fantastic. How about you?"

"A little sore. Good workout yesterday. I didn't see you out and about yesterday." I was aching in ways I didn't know I could.

"I went to bed early."

"Well, you must have had good dreams, maybe about your wife?"

"Incredible. And no, not about Jean. Not really sure who they were about, but whew, they were great."

"Well, I hope your dreams come true." As I secretly wished to have a few of my dreams come true as well.

"Yea, that would be nice!"

"I've been looking for wildlife pictures to practice sketching. Do you still have those Field & Stream magazines?"

"I sure do."

"Do you think I could look through them and maybe borrow a few?"

"Sure, they're on my desk. Help yourself."

If only I could, he might never be seen outside his bedroom again. I went through the front door, and crossed the kitchen and went into the den. As I approached the desk I found the stack of Field & Streams lying next to Bill's open diary. I picked up the top magazine and started to leaf through it, but my eyes fixed on that days date at the top of the diary page. I glanced back to see Bill's ball cap rocking back and forth in the front porch swing, and I couldn't resist reading the entry:

"Last night started out a bad one, really drunk. Just knew it was 

Going to end the way it always has, puking and passing out. But

As fate would have it, an angel rescued me from the bleakness of

My despair. How do you get angel to come back?

Is it possible that I finally might have found someone, I know you

Can't love someone you've really never met, but if the sex is

Any indication of possibilities, then we could last forever.

I find it incredible that someone came into my house, had sex with me

Then left without a trace. Did I dream this? 

No way! Would it be wrong to just want my Angel to come back?"

Wow. Could it be that he would be open to me being the one warming his bed? I glanced back at the magazine, just as Bill came into the room. 

"Finding what you need?"

"I think so. Just gonna take these two. I've gotta run to the mall later, I'll make some photocopies, and then I'll get them back to you."

"No rush." 

"K. Thanks." And I left for the mall. 

I tried for 20 minutes at the mall to find several pictures to copy. But all I could think about was snuggling up next to Bill. Having him snuggle with me, dreamily thinking of all the positions and situations that would lead to me enjoying him deeply. God, just imagining him being with me was enough to make me weak in the knees. 

"Do you need help?" the manager of Kinko's asked.

"No. I got it."

I hurried my way through copying a couple of pages in each magazine, and heading out through the mall. As I walked through the Wal-Mart at the end of the mall, I passed through the ladies section. Displays of feminine undergarments were all around me. I saw many things I would like to have to pick up off the floor the morning after spending the night in Bill's bed. But I was nowhere near brave enough to actually stop and look at anything. But the images and feelings that those lacey delicates conjured up for me set my blood to boiling.

I approached my car in the parking lot, and was fit to be tied. A shopping basket had rolled into the driver's door. I pushed it out of the way to reveal a very small scratch in the paint, but nothing I couldn't buff out. I grabbed the cart, to put it in the cart bin, and noticed a small plastic bag in the buggy. I picked up the bag and found inside a pair of size 8 white lace boy shorts. I looked around waiting for some irate soccer mom to jerk them out of my hands and slap my face. There was no one around. I pushed the cart to the return bin, got into my car and drove back home, and went directly to my bedroom. 

I slid out of my jeans, and shed my briefs and put my feet through the leg holes in the shorts. They felt very nice on my legs, as I pulled them up to cradle my recently explored ass. Oh, how I wanted it explored again, without delay. Was it wrong to hope Bill was drinking again tonight? I wished silently that I could have him, have him accept me, and to pursue us together. I pulled my jeans back on and prepared to take the magazines back to my 'friend'. 

My jeans added to the thrill the panties gave me as they caressed my ass. I carried my newly awakened sperm repository to hopefully get a fresh deposit. Bill's front door was closed, and the front room light was off. So, I walked around back to the kitchen door. Bill was sitting at the kitchen table, his head lolling forward, a half empty glass in front of him, and an empty bottle of Buffalo Trace sitting in the center of the kitchen table. 

I tapped on the door, no response. I tapped louder, no response. I opened the door, no reaction. I walked in and closed the door, a slight lift of the head, and then it dropped back to his chest. I laid the magazines on the table, and began to rouse Bill, trying to get him to his feet. 

A definite slur, "Are you my angel?"

"Let's get you to bed."

"OK."

We weaved down the hall, and I bumped into the bedroom door, and nearly lost control of him and we almost fell to the floor. 

"Whoa! Baby, slow down." We crossed the floor and he fell onto the bed. He began fumbling with his belt.

"Can you get undressed?" I whispered.

"Yea baby." He roughly yanked me close and planted a rough kiss on my mouth. As his lips crashed into mine, his hands found my ass, and he lifted my buns as he squeezed them as if he had been groping them for years. My nipples sang out to be played with the way he was fondling my ass. He drunkenly forced his bourbon soaked tongue into my mouth, and my lips parted accepting his advance with eagerness, and I melted into his embrace. 

He pulled his mouth away from mine and said, "Get into bed." 

"Let me pee first."

He swatted my ass as I retreated, and I went immediately to the bathroom and quickly disrobed, adjusting my pretty panties snuggly into place. I opened the bathroom door to find the bedroom pitch black. I could hear Bill breathing softly across the room, and my flesh began to tingle. I walked into the room, and eased over to the bed. Well, at least he understood he was supposed to get undressed. Bill was out. His shirt was off, pants down past his knees, boxers askew. I knelt down and freed his legs from his pants and gently began to pull down his boxers. As his shorts hit the floor I raised up on my knees to find his flaccid penis hanging between his legs. It was hard to see in the dark, but it was enticing none the less. I leaned forward entranced by the sight of his genitals, his hand touched the back of my head, and I started!

"It's OK angel," still slurring heavily. I leaned forward and found his cock starting to rise to return my kiss. I kissed the head of his penis, and it jerked up to greet its admirer. I kissed it again, then parting my lips I took the head of his lengthening penis into my mouth. I began running my tongue around and around the edge of his excited glans. 

"Mmmmmm!" Escaped his lips as I took as much of him as I could into my mouth. It wasn't too big around, but with him touching the back of my throat, there was still enough of him for me to wrap my hand around his shaft. "Yea." He groaned. His shaft felt so good on my lips, as I bobbed up and down on his erection. He pushed me off of him and grunted "Wanna fuck you."

I stood up, and he patted the bed next to him. As I crawled onto the bed, he stood up, teetered, then steadied himself by grabbing my hips and he moved in to stand behind me. I was on my hands and knees, with Bill behind me, as he began to pull down my panties. 

My ass wrapping was barely clear my hole when his spit polished cock bumped into my tail. I moved back to allow him to reach me better. He pulled me back further, and his rod made contact. Then, for the second time in my life, I was taken. It far exceeded my expectations. This is how I was meant to have sex, the way a woman takes a man, deep and without reservation. He was pushing his entire length inside of me within a few lovingly gentle strokes. This was heaven, and I began to moan softly, and he was getting excited by it. He was stroking me deeply and grunting loudly as he did. 

Bill was pulling me onto him now more than he was pushing into me. My god, his penis was meant to play inside of me, and I was meant to provide him a pleasure palace in which to play. 

Bill pulled me to him with great force, impaling me deeply on his manhood and held me firmly in place. He was cuming, and I could feel it! He spurted his intoxicating jism deep inside my tender ass for what seemed like an hour, and then he made several long slow strokes. His orgasm made us incredibly slippery, nearly removing all friction, and the sound (not to mention the feeling) of him squishing in and out of me was more incredible than anything I'd ever experienced. 

Bill just stood there, cock diminishing inside me. I thought that any minute he would pull out of me and collapse on the bed, but he held fast to my hips, keeping my ass pulled tightly against him. Just as I was about to pull away from his pelvis I felt something incredible. He was growing again, becoming erect again. 

"I'm gonna have another run at it. Is that OK?" No slurring now.

"Uh huh." His size had doubled, inside me. I could barely speak.

"Would you prefer to lay down Jamie?"

"No." OH MY GOD, HAD HE JUST SAID MY FUCKING NAME????????

"Then, you be sure to let me know when it feels good, will you?" He was moving slowly in and out of me again.

"Uh huh. It REALLY"...gasping...to...breathe.... "feels good." 

"Like this?" And he gave me a good, deep stroke. 

"Yea. Like that."

"Then, you might want to grab hold of something."

His grip on my hips grew a little firmer as his member achieved maximum capacity, and that's when he began to show me just how compatible we were. He was fucking me, rodding me, porking me, poking me, schlonging me, and I dearly fucking loved it. I moaned out loud, and gripped the quilt on his bed. The hairy hilt of his long sword was mashed against my sticky bottom over and over again as he sheathed his weapon in my eager yielding flesh. 

"Oh Yea, faster Bill, faster," and I tried to squeeze his cock with my muscles. The sensation coming through my flesh from his repeated cum lubricated penetrations quadrupled almost instantaneously. His pace quickened, and my muscles gave way, and 'locked' in what I can only describe as 'an open position', they were no longer responding to my attempts to clamp down on his cock. With my ass in the air, my knees about two feet apart, his hands firmly gripping me by the waist, all I could do was squeal and take his cock over and over. The sensation of each thrust was still electrifying my flesh as the next one came. No sooner than the word 'faster' escaped my lips the second time, then I was screaming uncontrollably!

Bill exploded inside me, cuming as he thrusted into my depths. We ground to a stop and I collapsed, Bill panting on top of me. His seed planted deep inside me, his stocky heavy form rolled off of me and he reclined on the bed. I turned over and nuzzled up to him, my arm around his ample belly, and my head resting on his shoulder. We lounged there for a long time his arm behind me, holding me gently against his sweaty body. 

"I guess you want me to get your nuts off now."

"What? No!"

"No?"

"I'm quite satisfied."

"You don't want to get your cock off?"

"No."

"Why not?"

"It just doesn't feel right. I don't like it, never have."

"This isn't right, you know that, right?"

"It feels right to me." I replied bashfully.

"I'm not gay."

"I never thought you were."

"Then what made you think this was a good idea?"

"It just felt right, and now that it has happened, it feels so much more right!"

"Nice panties. You like to dress in girls clothes?" The lacy white ass wrapper had come off sometime during the fray, and was being held up for me to see.

"I like them, they feel good on me. Tonight is the first time I've ever worn anything like that."

"So what are we supposed to do now Jamie?"

"I don't know. I just know I want to be with you." 

"How could we be together?"

"We've 'been together' twice now."

"So this is just sexual for you?"

"No!"

"Then what is it?"

"We are friends too, aren't we?"

"Yes. So a 'friends with benefits' thing?"

"I guess so."

"Do you want to live together?"

"I don't know." Yes, I would love to, ran through my mind. "When did you figure out it was me?" trying to change the subject.

"Just after I came the first time."

"You liked it? And you wanted more?"

"That's why I stayed inside you, I wanted to see, knowing that it was you, if I could get aroused. I wanted to see if I wanted more."

"I guess you did."

"I guess I did."

"So, you're saying that you like having sex with me?"

"I guess I've needed to get off for a long time." He started to get up.

"Where are you going?"

"I have to pee. I'll be right back."

I lay there, on my back listening to him in the bathroom. I thought about his cock, how good it had felt, how much I wanted it again and again. I thought about how good it felt to be lying next to him, in his bed, talking, and not being rejected out of hand. There he was, walking back to the bed, penis swinging back and forth like a living pendulum. 

"I think we should get up. You better get dressed."

Bill dropped the clothes I had left in the bathroom on the bed. He picked up a robe and put it on, and he walked out of the room and headed to the den. I dressed, and followed his steps. I walked into the room and found him sitting on the couch. He patted the seat next to him, and I gladly took a seat.

"Let's talk about this."

"Ok."

"I don't know about this Jamie, this kind of thing is something very foreign to me, and I'm not sure how to deal with it."

"Have you ever had a lover?" I asked.

"Yes I have."

"Then, that's how I want you to treat me, as if I were a lover."

"But, I've never had a male lover. And to be honest, I'm not interested in......"

"Playing with another guy's dick?"

"Yea."

"Good, I don't want you to play with mine, at all. Let me ask you this, would you be interested in being involved with me, if everything about me was the same, except for the fact that I didn't have a dick?"

He nodded his head to indicate that he would.

"Then ignore the fact that I have a dick, and treat me like you would if I didn't have one. I want to be with you the way I have been with you. I have had NO desire whatsoever, for you to even touch me that way. Let me tell you this, when I'm around you, when you tell jokes, or stories I sometimes fantasize about having you all to myself. I fantasize about snuggling up on the couch with you and watching a movie, about having dinner with you. I fantasize about going to bed with you. I have had these fantasies about you since I met you ten years ago. The sexual part of the fantasies didn't come into play until later, but the parts about being 'with' you have been there all along."

"I've never had those thoughts about you."

"That can't be completely true."

"What do you mean?"

"You've already said you were thinking about me when you got your second erection. The thought of having sex with me got you excited enough to get erect, and to, as it seems, enjoy having sex with me."

Bill didn't say anything.

"I will admit to you that I should have come to you and told you about my feelings for you. And, that the way I chose to behave, with regard to 'sneaking into your bed', was not the best way handle things. But, I've never been with a man either, as a matter of fact, I've never found another man attractive, and I'm not sure I ever will again. I just know that thinking of myself as 'yours' feels right, and if I don't try to explore these feeling, I'll regret it my entire life. I already know that the sexual aspect of being with you feels infinitely better than anything I've ever experienced."

"So, you really enjoyed me fucking you?"

"Oh my god, YES!"

"Jamie, I enjoy spending time with you. And I must admit the sex was a lot better than I would have ever thought it could be."

"Let's give this a chance. Either of us has the right to walk away at any time, if we feel that we aren't compatible, or that we don't want to pursue this anymore, we can just walk away." 

"You really want me to treat you like I would a woman?"

"In private yes. In public, I want you to treat me like a friend. Is that OK?"

"I was going to suggest that very thing."

"Then can I ask you something?"

"Sure."

"Can we go back to bed?"

"I guess we can. If I can be on top." He said grinning.

"Anyway you want it, baby." And Bill led me by the hand back through the house, turning the lights off as we proceeded. As we entered the bedroom, Bill turned to me. "May I kiss you?"

"I hope you will, many times."

Bill's mouth pressed gently onto mine and his tongue began to dance with mine as I circled his neck with my arms. As we kissed long and passionately, my knees grew weak. It seemed as if Bill sensed this and his arms encircled my waist pulling me into him. I was melting. My arms fell to his sides, and I began pulling at the tie of his robe. His robe parted to reveal what I had already sensed, he was erect, and starting to breathe briskly. I took his erect penis gingerly into my hand and began to slowly glide over his form, barely touching his flesh. His breathing was speeding up. 

Bill moved back from me just enough to break our kiss, and began to undress me. As my shirt came off over my head, Bill softly ran his fingertips over my exposed nipples. Involuntarily my head fell back and a low breathy moan escaped my lips. "Does that feel good?"

"Incredible!" I whispered. As my man leaned forward and placed his open mouth on my left nipple. "Oh my god, you're never allowed to stop that!" escaped my lips as he suckled from my breast. Bill unbuttoned my jeans, and as he nursed, slid them down, and steadied me as I freed my legs. His loving face moved to my right breast, leaving the left swollen and missing his attention, and he began fondling my bottom through its lacy dressing. 

"That feels wonderful."

Bill stood, took me in his arms and said very softly as my swollen nipples played in the hair on his chest, "Let me officially invite you into my bed." I kissed him with my all of my being. 

"I humbly accept your invitation, and ask that you lay with me, taking me as your own." I replied. Bill pulled back the covers, and I went to his bed. As Bill entered the bed, I wiggled out of my lace panties. 

He took me in his arms, kissed me and pulled me close. We long explored each other's mouths. Bill lowered his mouth to my heaving chest again, and then stopped abruptly. "Your nipples are erect. Why?"

"Because you've been sucking them, and they liked it very much."

"Then maybe I should suck on them some more."

"They, and I, would be most appreciative if you would." Bill gave each of my nipples a lingering lick, and then settled into a slow gentle nursing from both of my broad flat breasts. I cooed my approval and appreciation as I caressed his head, and then he returned his thin hot lips to mine. We kissed deeply, and he held me dearly. His embrace was like being held gently by a dragon. There was so much power in his limbs, but his embrace was as gentle as warm water. I wanted to bathe in his warmth, to allow it wash over me, and let it flow through me. 

"Bill?"

"Yes?"

"Take me. Take me as your lover."
