 I hadn't gone into the small dirty toilets for anything other than to take a leak. Honestly, if I could of waited till I got home I would never of set foot into that grim building, but needs must and there I was. There was a broken skin and one of the three cubicles was missing it's door and had no seat on the toilet. The smell was funky to say the least. 

As I freed my cock and started to piss I heard the cubicle door behind me unbolt. Then saw a mountain of a man stand beside me. Blonde short hair, slight stubble, wide shoulders and a well build swimmers body. I looked up at him and he made no attempt to hide the fact he was checking out my cock. I began to harden as he watched, then I felt his hand on my back, gently rubbing up and down. He rubbed lower and lower till he found the waistband of my tracksuit bottoms, teasing his fingers inside... I'd stopped pissing and was just letting this man. This total stranger feel me up. Grope me. My cock was like an iron rod by now. I'm not hung, 6 inches. But I felt like I was still growing as his hand found and explored the crack of my arse as he stepped behind me and slipped his other hand up my tshirt finding my nipples. I groaned and tilted my head back onto his chest as he pulled on my nipples and fingered my arsehole. The feeling of loss when he withdrew his hands from me, made me groan again, but more like a puppy having a toy taken away, than a lust filled bitch this time.

He then pushed my head forward against the wall and pulled my arse out towards him. I braced myself with my hands either side of my face as he pulled my bottoms down to my knees as I heard him spit and his fingers return to my hungry hole. With my face mashed against the wall he lubed my hole with his spit. My breath ragged, I moaned as he readied me for what I knew was coming. In a flash he stood up grab my hips and I felt him pushing slowly into my wet willing rose bud. More moans escaped me as he kept pushing, opening me more and more. I tried to relax and accept his cock as best as I could. Biting my lower lip as he seemed to bottom out and held his cock inside me.

Seconds felt like hours as all I could hear was his breathing and my heart beating. He started to pump my arse slowly, stretching my hole further, I could feel ever vain of his meaty cock as he used me like a piece of meat. Then without any warning he started to pump harder and faster in and out of me. I soon found out he hadn't bottomed out as he drove deeper with the first couple of hard thrust and I gasped as his balls slapped my own. Like a jack hammer he pounded me, growling and snarling as he headed towards his orgasm. His fingers dug into my hips as he pulled me back harder and harder to meet his thrusts, man handling me and making me feel like a total slut. My moans became louder as his big veiny fuck stick hit my prostate over and over again, sending lighting blots of pleasure through my body. I wanted to speak, to cry out to him to fuck me faster and harder, but I was speechless with the amount of pleasure I was in. My moans seemed to do the trick anyway as the louder I became the harder he fucked me. Then, as my vision started the darken at the edges, as quickly as he started, he thrust one final time, hard and deep. I felt his cock pulse strongly 4 times as he let out a low primal growl. He held himself inside me for a second as I felt softer pulses, then slowly withdrew his semi hard cock, releasing my hips as he went.

I was breathing hard, my head and hands still against the wall, tracksuit bottoms around my knees, my hard cock dripping precum as my arse dripped a complete strangers thick cum. My arse burned and my hips felt crushed from his grip.

Voices from outside snapped me out of the haze I was in, and I just managed to yank my bottoms over my arse and look like I was pissing as two guys entered. Their conversation stopping as they saw me. They took up positions next to me unzipping and starting to piss. I shook my semi hard cock, precum splashing into the urinal and tried not to run out of there. There was no sign of my tall blonde lover as I got to my car and sat wondering what had just happened slowly stroking my stiff member through my tracksuit bottoms teasing myself, feeling the cum still seeping out of my hole and pooling in my underwear, then my mind started to wondered why the two guys seemed to be taking so long inside, my cock got harder still. I got out of my car and started back towards the dirty bathroom...