 It'd been weeks since the events in that dirty bathroom in the park. Being fucked by a total stranger, then forced into a threesome with two others. I say forced, there was no force. There wasn't a day went by that I hadn't thought about what happened and thought about going back. Finally I plucked up the courage to head back, it was late one Friday night. As I entered and looked around my heart sank a little as I saw no one else inside. Actually needing to pee I headed to the urinal checking the cubical doors as I went. All were at least slightly open. Pulling my cock out I waited for the flow to start. That's when I heard it. A murmur, more like a series of murmurs. I turned, listened and slowly moved toward the last stall with my semi hard cock in my hand. The door wasn't locked, but was closed over, I pushed it open. There, on his knees, hands tied behind his back and a gag in his mouth was a young guy, maybe 23, naked apart from a red and black jock strap. With his eyes wide he pointed to his chest with his chin. I looked closer and written in black maker, was: 

WELCOME SIRS. PLEASE HELP YOURSELF TO THIS SLUT. IT IS HERE FOR USE BY ALL. DEGRADE IT HOWEVER YOU PLEASE. 

He eyed my cock. I removed the gag from his mouth.

"Hello sir, how may I serve you?" He whispered licking his lips. Something wicked clicked in my head. Stepping about a foot in front of him, I snarled,

"Open your fucking mouth bitch!"

He opened wide as I let loose with a hot stream of piss. My aim was a little off and hit his chin before I managed to quickly fill his mouth. It overflowed as I told him to swallow, which he tried to do while keeping his mouth open. My stream becoming weaker as I stepped forward and entered his mouth, draining the last of my piss into the back of his throat. I grabbed the sides of his head and started slowly fucking his face as he started to suck with muster.

"That's right. Suck my cock. U filthy cunt!"

The noise of him sucking me fill the bathroom as I hardened like steel. I pulled out, held my cock up and pulled his face into my balls.

"Lick them too ya fairy"

He lapped at my balls and then started to venture further back. He worked his tongue from my balls to the gap between them and my arse. This dominant side of me started to melted away as I felt the tip tease at my hole. Gabbing his hair I turned around and shoved my arse into his face.

"Eat me bitch, eat my hole!"

He licked into my arse like a thirsty dog. Probing deeper and deeper. 

"Yeah that's it, eat me up!"

The longer he rimmed me the more I wanted fucking. I could hear how sloppy he'd made my hole and couldn't stand it anymore. I turned and pulled him to his feet,

"Stand up."

His face soaked with my arse juice he stood with his cock tenting his jock, as I pulled it aside freeing it, bending over and guiding it towards my slick hole. As I push back onto his cock he moaned,

"This isn't how it's supposed happen. You should be fucking me."

Rocking gently onto his cock, getting him deeper into my hole I gasped

"You here to please. So fuck me good bitch and please me!"

He seemed unwilling. I continued to rock back onto him, finally feeling his balls knock against my own. 

"Come on you fucker, fuck me! Pound me! Fucking please me you cunt!"

Still he stood like a statue. I straighten up and faced him. I grabbed his cock and balls, making him cringe as I began squeezing hard. 

"Listen you faggot! I'm gonna turn around and put this," I crushed my fist harder, "cock back in my arse. And you're gonna fuck me like the good little bitch you need to be! Got it?"

He nodded like a bobble head as I bent over once more and slipped him back inside my hole. Slowly he started to fuck me, I slammed back on to his cock rocking him onto his heels.

"Harder bitch!"

He started to stab into me.

"Come on fucker!"

Harder and faster he continued, pounding into my arse, sending shivers through my body as he seemed to hit the spot with each thrust.

"Yeah! Fuck me good you little cock sucker. I wanna feel you fill my hole!"

Quicker he went, my cock was dripping precum like a tap and goosebumps covered my body as I heard him gasp and stiffen up as the first blast coated my insides,

"Oh yeah! Cream me fucker!" 

He fired off three more blast before I felt his cock soften and start to slip from my hole. I looked over my shoulder at him grinning. 

"Get down there and clean up ya mess you fucker." 

Slowly he dropped to his knees and again started to rim my arse, slurping up his jizz and my arse juice.

My fist reached for my cock as he cleaned every drop from me, sending more shivers through my body. Unable to wait anymore I spun round and fired off my first shot of cum, hitting him across the face,

the second hit his chest, 

"Open up!"

The third I fired into his mouth. I left my cock in there as he sucked the last drops from me. Taking my semi hard cock outta his mouth I scraped my cum off his face into his mouth. Slapping him with it as I did.

"You like that fag? You like fucking me then cleaning my arse?"

He nodded as he kept on cleaning up my cum.

Slapping him across the face one last time, I pulled my pants up, put my cock away, turn and walked out the bathroom knowing I wouldn't be waiting as long to come back this time.