 This is a continuance of the first story that I submitted, "The Beach". You may want to read it first.

*

Several days later, I was in my spot, as usual, behind the windbreak fence, when I spied Ed walking hurriedly up the beach. He walked on past, not seeing me, and I watched as he rounded the bend, just like the last time. 

I stood and oiled my body, or, at least as much as I could reach, that is, and particularly my ass. I lay on my stomach, then squirted more oil in the crack of my ass. Using my middle finger, I worked some of the oil into my ass. When I touched my asshole with my finger, it sent thrills up my spine. After working some of the oil inside, I poured a few drops at the top of the crevice then spread my legs slightly apart. After quick glances up and down the beach, I then lay my head upon my arms and closed my eyes.

I must have dozed off , I guess, and was very relaxed, because the next thing that I remember was the feeling of fullness in my ass and of weight on my body! Ed was on my back; his cock buried ball deep in my ass! I must have fallen asleep and been dreaming about...you know...getting fucked in the ass. 

I had not heard him come up and he had not said a word. He had slid his mushroomed cock head into my ass with no resistance and no pain at all! My ass was totally penetrated. He pulled out to the point that I could feel the mushroom shaped head gently tug at my anus from the inside. I arched my ass into the air to meet his down stroke, as he slammed down hard, driving his balls into the firm roundness of my buttocks, as he buried his cock as far as he could into my rectum. 

I was, I believe, experiencing the most erotic pleasure that I had ever experienced this side of a double orgasm! He was stroking his big mushroom headed cock in and out of my ass as I was clenching my ass muscles, squeezing his big cock. I pushed my ass to him as he rammed his boner into me. It felt good, too good. I wanted it to last a long time. 

I realized that Ed must have come back down the beach and had seen me. He had walked up and seeing my glistening well oiled ass, could not control himself. Knowing that I had wanted to be fucked the other day, he had removed his suit, his cock probably already hardening. He had dropped over me, a knee to either side of my thighs and plugged his cock straight into my cock-ready ass. 

He obviously didn't give a damn about being observed this time! 

All too soon, Ed began to grunt and groan. Finally he emitted a loud grunt as he pile-drove his cock deep into my bowels and splattered my insides with his thick white cum. As he lay forward on top of me, I kept humping my ass to him, enjoying his cock as long as I could.

He laid there a few minutes, kissing my neck and shoulders then raised up, slipping his now soft dick out of my rear, the mushroom head stretching his flaccid meat before it popped out. 

As he walked to the water to wash up, I grabbed a mirror out of my bag to look at my just fucked ass. Cum was leaking from my puckered asshole. I grabbed my Polaroid camera from my bag, and, raising my right leg to spread my cheeks, snapped a photo of cum oozing from my ass. 

Ed walked back at that time and saw the photo.

"Nice picture," he said, "You have a nice body and a nice ass. I am sorry for not talking with you before having my way, but the way you looked, the sun glistening off your oiled body, the golden cheeks...I couldn't help myself. Well...I guess I did help myself. I would love to get you into my house sometime. I have lots of things to play with that I am sure that you would love."

"I'm sure you do and I'm sure that it would be very enlightening... for both of us."

"Yes, I think that it would be too. We'll have to plan on it some time."

He excused himself, as he had to leave to prepare to go to work. He was a night-shift manager at a K-Mart.

In the next few days, I had a shift change at work therefore I never saw Ed again. I was at work when he was off and visa-Visa. I really would have liked to have gone to his house at least once!

I still have that picture and often reminisce about that time on the beach.