 Readers, please note this story has a lot of derogatory speech. Please don't think that I am homophobic in anyway shape or form. I am in fact a bottom/Vers bi guy and this kind of talk is a major turn on for me. Hope you enjoy part 2.

*****

As I walked back into the bathroom I could hear the grunts and moans filling the air. I could still feel the cum dripping outta my arse from the fucking I'd received only 10 mins before. My cock hadn't gone soft since the stranger had first entered my man cunt and I needed to cum! The main area of the bathroom was empty, but the last cubical door was now closed. I quietly made my way to the cubical next door, carefully closing the door and locking it. I could hear flesh slapping flesh and grunts as cock bottomed out. I could hear the dirty talk too. "Take my cock you filthy faggot!"

"Yeah! Harder you cunt!" "You like that cock up your shitter don't you,fag!" 

"Fuck me, fuck me hard. Breed my boi cunt!"

It was too much, my stranger hadn't said a word as he took me and I couldn't speak, but these guys were talking non stop, I freed my aching cock and started to wank myself, trying the match their rhythm. The dirty talk continued. "I've never done this before, I have a boyfriend." 

"Your arse loves my cock you fairy!"

"Slap my arse, make me your bitch!" SLAP!

"You are my bitch! Faggot!" SLAP 

My cock was dribbling pre cum like a tap as I tried to hold back from cumming too soon. 

"Who's your Daddy fag?" SLAP

"Oh You are Daddy! Fuck me harder!"

My fist was a blur as I listened to them. I gasped as I neared orgasm.

"What was that?" 

The fucking sounds stopped.

"I heard something."

Shit! My gasps must of been louder than I thought. I sat frozen on the toilet seat, praying they'd ignore it. I heard movement then...

"Well well well, what have we here? Looks like you were right about this fucker, he was a fag after all!"

A grizzly head poked over the top of the cubical wall. 

"You enjoying yourself there fairy?" He snarled. 

"Who is it?" The other guy asked, "Is it the guy who left? I told you he looked like he was after some."

His head disappeared and I heard the blot go on their cubical,

"Open up faggot, we gonna give you want you want."

Slowly, without even pulling my bottoms up, I stood and unlocked the door, there he stood, around 6 foot and stocky, his hairy chest showing and his cock, hard, sticking outta his fly. He grabbed me, with one hand, by the sweatshirt and dragged me into the cubical with his friend. 

"On ya knees fairy,"

he ordered as the other guy sat on the toilet seat slowly wanking himself and fingering his freshly fucked hole. I dropped to my hands and knees in front of him and felt the point of a cock poke at my exposed hole, then slide easily all the way inside me. I gasped as I felt his bushy cock fill me up.

"Fucking filthy faggot bitch has already got a load up his cunt Jeff, he musta been fucked just before I brought you in here."

"Mmmmmmmm," was all Jeff replied, still tugging his cock as his friend started fucking me hard. 

"Suck that fairies cock you fucking slut, you gonna get another two loads off us ya dirty cunt."

I opened my mouth for Jeff and he shoved his cock down my throat gagging me as his friend thrust into me hard making me choke even more. Tears filled my eyes as the unrelenting assault from both ends made my head spin and my cock start to spill precum yet again. 

"Spank him Daddy," SMACK! 

Pain flared on my arse cheek where the first blow landed. 

"Again Daddy, make the other just as red!" SMACK!

Both arse cheeks burned from the slaps as their both continued to fuck me from both ends. But I could help but moan and thrust back on to the fat cock ploughing my arse.

"He fucking loves it Jeff, listen to the lil fag moan."

"Mmmm He's so good, I'm gonna cum Daddy!"

"Sit him on the bog and we can both feed him together!"

I felt empty as my arse and mouth were emptied of cock, then dragged up and sat facing Jeff and his Daddy fisting their cock inches from my face.

"Open up bitch,"

I didn't need telling, I opened wider and started wanking my own cock as first Jeff then his Daddy blasted shot after shot, both with surprising accuracy, into my mouth. Their thick warm jizz triggering my own cum to explode out of my cock, covering my sweatshirt and hand.

As I sat there gasping for breath, Daddy and Jeff straightened themselves up.

"Say thank you fag."

"Thank you Daddy. Thank you Jeff."