 The beach was nearly deserted on this early October morning. I hiked about 15 miles on the beach and occasionally walked among the dunes. As the morning became afternoon, the sun became unseasonably warm.

I sat down in warm sand and set my pack down with sweat pouring off me. I removed my now soggy tee shirt and felt the sun on my back. There was a nice tidal pool at the shoreline that was fed by small wavelets rushing to the shore. It looked like a great place for a swim. Not seeing another person around for miles I decided to peel off my sweat damp hiking shorts. It felt wonderfully exhilarating and refreshing to be nude in the open air; something I hadn't done for a long time. I slowly waded into the tidal pool to about waist deep and swam around in the cool water for quite some time.

After coming out of the water I spread my blanket from my knapsack onto the sand and laid nude in the warm sun, falling asleep after a short while.

I was awakened by the sound of someone swimming. Startled I wrapped my towel around my waist and sat up.

The swimmer was approaching the shore near me. Reaching shallow enough water, he started wading towards shore. He was an older man, about 55 to 60 years old with white and gray hair, and was smiling at me and waved to me. I nervously waved back, hoping he hadn't seen me naked. 

As he waded towards shore, he appeared to be quite tall and very lean, almost skinny. He was now in waist deep water. The water receded until the next wave came in I noticed that he too was very obviously nude as his penis was quickly exposed and then submerged again in the water. It looked to be a very large and quite thick member he was sporting. 

I thought back 25 years to my college roommate who was also amply endowed, but not quite this big, and the fun we had discovering our bisexuality over our 4 years together. That was my only other foray into man on man sex. But seeing this man coming out of the water caused my cock to stir.

He was tall, probably 6 ½ feet tall with a slender swimmers body.

Still smiling he approached me and greeted me with "Hi!".

"Hullo." I returned nervously.

"I'm Steve, its a beautiful day isn't it?" said the hung swimmer. Looking to the sky as he stood next to my blanket.

Glancing up, I couldn't help but notice his big cock dripping with salt water. His balls were drawn up against his body, courtesy of the cold sea water.

"Uh...It certainly is... My name is Jon." I stammered.

"Do you come here often?' he inquired.

"This is my first time. I hiked from about 15 miles to the west to stretch my legs and get a little exercise. How about you?" I answered.

"All the time! I have a house on the beach a few miles further east. This is a quite secluded stretch of beach so I always go au naturel! As I went for my swim I noticed you did too." he said with a grin looking at my towel."You needn't be so modest. You have a finely sculpted body. If I may say."

Standing up I removed my towel, freeing my semi-erect penis and blurted out, "Thanks".

"You can use this to dry off" and I proffered the towel to him which he accepted staring at me while he toweled off. His response spoke volumes as his huge cock swelled slightly.

After an awkward pause.

"So...what do you do Jon?" he inquired.

"I'm a chef. And you?"

"Cooking is so freeing, like being naked." He smiled still glancing at my body. "I do some writing." he answered.

"What kind of writing?" I asked.

"Stuff nobody buys! Books and articles; mostly science and science fiction."

"I love science fiction, what titles?"

"Stand off at Antares...for one." he replied.

With a look of astonishment and awe I blabbered out "Steve...You're Steve Cocker? I love your work!"

"Thanks but I'm just an old hack trying for something truly worthwhile."

"Now who's modest?" I retorted knowing all the many years this man has written and all the awards he has received.

"Why don't we go back to my blanket. I brought some wine and cheese and we can...talk." he said.

Intrigued, I collected my stuff as he watched me. I definitely saw his dick twitch when I gathered up my blanket and pack. When he helped me put my pack on my back I felt the massive head of his penis, as it bounced freely, brush against my bare hip. For the short duration of contact, I felt its heat and smoothness against my cool skin and it caused my cock to flutter. He smiled a sly smile at me which I nervously returned.

We walked about 300 or 400 yards to a tall dune and climbed over it into the swale. On the way, talking about a number of subjects, he was a fantastic conversationalist. We went through passages in some of the extensive back-dunes, some of which were quite high. He had been married before and went through a nasty divorce as I had. And told me that Steve Cocker was his pen name given to him by his ex-wife. "I can see where she came up with that name!" I said wryly. He smiled.

We rounded another dune and came to a quite sizable lean-to/ small cabin made of driftwood and various flotsam and jetsam that was built partially into the back of this high dune. There was even a floor of flat timbers, which he told me he had constructed on his numerous excursions here from various bits and pieces that washed up on the shore. The roof was finished off in plywood and dune grass and provided a nice retreat on days like today. There was a trunk and a table and chairs inside with a rug on the floor that made it very comfy. On the back wall there was a large raised sleeping platform with a number of blankets and cushions. 

"Here we are, my writers retreat, home sweet home away from home" he said with a touch of pride. I chuckled.

"Let me help you off with that" he said as he stood in back of me. When he slid the pack off my back that huge phallus brushed my ass. This time it was harder and even bigger than before.

When I turned to face him both of our now throbbing dicks spoke volumes that our mouths didn't need to utter. He pulled me closer and our cocks met. His massive manhood dwarfed mine in comparison. Bending his face to mine we kissed, tentatively at first, then our tongues encircled each other as our cocks had. This guy really knew how to kiss. It took my breath away. Being almost a foot taller than me I placed my hand on the back of his head and pulled him closer. His long fingered hands found my ass and started kneading my muscular cheeks.

"Owwww!" I bleated, breaking our embrace.

"Looks like someones gotten sunburned!" he said inspecting my ass. He added "I have some oil that will fix that magnificent buttocks right up. Go and lay face down on the bed!"

"Yes, sir" I answered sarcastically.

I did as he told me, noticing how comfortable this "bed" was. I rested on my elbows and watched as he got the oil from the large trunk. 

He was a gangly man with long thin musculature made for running or biking, but he had almost no buttocks and was physically ordinary in most other ways. He had a kind face with slate blue gray eyes and a thin but full head of gray and white hair. Yet, I was transfixed. His penis was magnificent even hanging straight down. Perfectly formed with thick ropy veins bulging along its length. His balls were hanging lower now but were actually smaller than mine making his dick look that much bigger.

Having retrieved the oil, and also a bottle of red wine and 2 glasses. He returned to the bed noticing my lustful gaze. 

"They'll be plenty of time for that Jon!" he said smiling "But first things first."

He opened the bottle and poured 2 glasses as I hungrily watched the seductive motions of his cock. 

"Its a 2007 Penfields Bin 99 Shiraz, I hope you like." he said handing me the glass.

"I love the Aussie Shiraz'; warm and spicy!' I replied.

"Like you!" he added "Cheers!"

"Cheers, to a new friendship!"

"Oh...a friendship...and hopefully..." he retorted.

Putting down his glass he said "But first, lets take a look at those beautiful rosy cheeks of yours."

Pouring a little oil into his palms he spoke,"This oil was made by a chemist friend of mine from a number of natural oils and works wonders." His large hands met my buttocks flesh and slowly rubbed the oil into the sun sore skin and lingered. Each hand more than covered each orb of my sunburned gluteus maximus. It was now he who was transfixed. Working out for over 30 years has given me a muscular body. And as a number of ex-lovers have commented, a great looking ass and V-shaped back. As his slick palms then fingertips kneaded the oil in to my butt, the soreness subsided somewhat. His fingertip slowly traced the crack of my ass causing me a shiver, which made my ass wiggle. "Mmmmm...thats so nice!" he said lustfully. He leaned forward to kiss me and our tongues met once more, but as he leaned in that giant dong rested on my oil slicked ass crack. I tightened my butt muscles out of nervous response. It had been so long since I had done anything like this and never with manhood of this magnitude. He noticed.

Steve pulled back and looked into my eyes saying "I understand. This must be happening too quickly for you. I was just so entranced by your beautiful body. Please forgive me."

"No...no, please. Its just been so long since I've been in a relationship with a man, and I've never had sex with a cock the size of yours." I pleaded. "Its just so huge!...And beautiful."" 

"I understand." he answered. Smiling he added "It'll take some work fitting into that tight beautiful ass of yours."

"You'll have to retrain me." I coyly.

I turned and faced him and gave him a deep tongue kiss which he more than eagerly accepted. He pushed me back on to his makeshift mattress and grabbed my cock still locked in our kiss. His slick fingers sliding up and down my swollen shaft. I felt the flesh of his scrotum pressed against my hip and the head of his cock came to rest just under my chest. Breaking our kiss, Steve started kissing my chin, then tonguing from my chin he made his way to my chest where he licked then nibbled on my nipple which caused my cock to twitch in his expert hand. He chuckled. And flicked the nipple with his tongue continuing down my taut belly he lingered at my thick nest of pubic hair, taking in my aroma, never letting go of my straining cock.

Breaking contact he muttered "You smell so good! And you also have a beautiful cock!" he said as he continued pumping it with his fingers.

Then he grabbed my shaft and took the head of my penis into his mouth. His tongue swirled the flesh of my glans. My cock swelled even more to which he gave an approving "Mmmmm". He then took more cock, sliding his lips down the sensitive skin on the shaft of my cock. Its an electrifying feeling. This guy was an expert cocksucker! His tongue sliding on the underside as it entered his inviting mouth. All the while his slate blue eyes staring into mine. Until he finally had his nose buried in my nest of pubes. Now he sucked as he went back up, slowly. Never breaking eye contact. My cock spasmed and engorged more; filling his mouth with a tight seal. He went up and down my cock faster now, sucking as he went occasionally swirling his tongue on the crown and plunging all the way down. His free hand holding my ass so he could get more cock in his mouth, but one slick finger found its way to my anus. It actually was an amazing feeling as I felt the tip twirling around my asshole. His expert ministrations helped me to relax and the finger popped into my time tightened hole to the first knuckle. The first time in 25 years that anything took that route. His other hand grabbed my other buttock, inserting a finger from that hand as well. 

Through various animal grunts and semi-words my cock was now ready to blow and I told him so. 

He just held my ass tighter now with both hands and sucked harder pushing another finger on each hand as far as they could go up my tiny opening. I was quivering, sweating profusely and panting like a dog in heat. Pain...heat..then... That most intense pleasure a man can feel as he expertly found and played with my prostate. That was all it took. I started cumming and cumming with his fingers dancing on that magic spot. I held his head in place feeling the light covering of salt and pepper hair and grunting "Oh yeah ...oh yeah!" It felt like I came for hours, but was really about a minute or two. I felt happily spent and exhausted.

Still sucking, and with some of my cum dripping from his lips, he went up my cock and slid up the bed giving me a deep tongue kiss, feeding me a huge amount of my own cum while he still fingered my stretched sore asshole causing my slowly deflating cock to twitch. After getting over the initial shock I became eager to take more of the sex juice while relaxing my anal sphincter even more. I remember thinking, wow, I taste pretty good, among numerous other things. I then eagerly licked the remainder of my cum from his face. This seemed to re-energize me.

Still lip-locked, Steve withdrew his undulating oily fingers slowly, almost teasingly, from my pleasurably sore ass. They exited with a faint pop. He then broke our embrace to which I whimpered disappointingly. He got up and walked across the floor with his, now erect, gargantuan cock in all its glory sticking straight out from his body and flopping lustily from side to side.

"Don't worry lover, there's more where that came from!" he said cleaning his hands with a towel on the floor.

He then got his wine glass and lay back down next to me.

I got mine and we both took a drink.

Still panting and dripping with sweat I said "That was best orgasm I ever had" adding "Thank you."

Smiling he said "Its just a matter of getting back in the saddle again. You never forget how to ride."

I took another sip of Shiraz for confidence then set the glass back down.

I then started kissing his chest and nipples as he had done to me. My hands caressed his arms and chest playing with the sparse hair on his chest and teasing his small nipples, giving each a squeeze. Sending a quiver through him. His hands were now brushing through my hair.

From his stomach my finger traced circles down to his sparse pubic hair.

Still a little nervous and trembling, but very excited, my finger reached the tip of Steve's massive cock. He shuddered as I made contact and played with the slit. He was dripping a large amount of pre-cum. Looking into his eyes I slowly withdrew the finger and slid it into my mouth as I looked coyly into his eyes. "Yum!" I said. I could see the shaft and head were now a shade of light purple. It felt so smooth and very hot as my slick fingertip traveled the length of this mighty work of art. I stopped at his balls which were now tightening up again. I then took hold of as much of the cock as I could. My fingers only went halfway around the thick tube of flesh. On my knees now, I wrapped my other hand around it as well and started slowly pumping the huge phallus. Steve let out moans of pleasure. So I picked up the pace. His dick felt so hot and heavy in my small hands and the tip oozed more pre-cum. Its now or never I thought as I lowered my mouth to the huge cock I held in my hands. 

Sticking out my tongue I touched it to the slick slit and tasted fresh ooze which I greedily licked up. His cock twitched and felt like it grew some more. Steve was groaning even louder. He placed his hand on my ass which was up in there air so I could access his cock and played with my anus again.

I licked the humungous mushroom shaped cock-head until it was slick and clean. I now straddled Steve giving us both better access as I licked his bulbous head and he inserted another finger causing my cock to spring back to life. I then felt him pour oil into my crack. My tongue traveled down the length of his cock as Steve inserted a third finger into my now well-lubed ass. I licked back to the top and slid my lips over the mighty crown of his sceptre and was treated to more pre-cum. But the huge head was all that would fit in my mouth. As I continued to pump his saliva slicked shaft I sucked as much as I could. The feeling of his fingers in my ass and his cock in my mouth was so exciting. My cock was now back to full staff. He slowly withdrew his fingers from my nether regions with a slick sounding plop. Pulling 

his cock from my eager mouth he looked directly into my eyes saying "Is there something you want?"

A feeble "Yes" was all I could muster.

"And...what is that?" he asked slyly.

In an almost feminine voice and trembling, I said "Please fuck me Steve."

"Is that really what you want?"

"Yes, please take me with your huge cock... but go easy!"

With that he rolled me over and I spread my legs as wide as I could. He smacked my ass with his big cock a couple of times. Then rubbed the huge tip along the crack and smacked my ass again. He put the tip against my opening as his hands spread my cheeks and hole open as wide as possible to accommodate the massive fleshy intruder.

I felt the tip starting to enter and was trembling as he tried pushing a little harder. Slowly my anus yielded a little more of the hot poker entering into my tight nether regions. I was sweating again and panting as Steve insinuated more. Pain...burning... Yet he pushed harder. More heat. Sweat dripping. Grunts, his and mine. My sphincter finally opened and the head popped in. Both of us dripping with sweat, Steve continued feeding more cock into my tihy tunnel. Then it happened. The huge throbbing head found my prostate pushing on it. "Mmmm...ungh...." were all that could pass my lips as he pushed more into me. The pain once again turned to an intense pleasure. Sweat drenched and quivering around his beefy shaft I blurted out "You're so HUGE! I love that cock! Feels...so fucking good!" Slowly my sheath widened enough to accommodate almost all his mighty sword. He puled back slowly almost to the tip of his huge cock. Then plunged back in again. He was holding my cock in his hand. 

"Ummmhg...you're so tight. I love your ass." was all he could say. He then started pumping in and out faster and I sarted meeting his thrusts. 

"Fuck me with that huge cock!" I implored.

With the next plunge he fully entered me down to his balls.

"Are you my little bitch?" he asked through clinched teeth.

"Love that cock!" was what I answered.

"ARE YOU MY BITCH???" he demanded.

Demurely I answered "Yes"

He pulled entirely out and smacked my sore ass with the hard phallus "Yes, WHAT?"

"Yes sir, I am your bitch." With that he plunged in and out, in and out, so many times.

If it was possible his cock swelled even more, and as the head slid past my prostate one final time I shot more cum into his waiting hand as I felt him explode in my sore anal passage. 

He fed me my cum, which I eagerly accepted. He pulled my face to his and we kissed as his cock was still filling me with his semen. 

After about 5 minutes he deflated and pulled his hefty cock out of my now oozing ass with a sloppy sound. Falling to my side he slid a finger into my crack and retrieved some of his cum and fed me. I licked his fingers clean as he cleaned his cum from my ass.

"Well you're not just my bitch, you're a cock whore to boot!"

"Just you're little cock whore."

"I'm a lucky man!" he said.

Me too I thought.