 Chapter 01 Last Call

I watched them most of the night. There were two of them, early twenties, out trying to score some pussy. Now I have been a bartender for quite a while and they were pretty typical. Oh they tried a few lines on me, which is par for the course. I gave them a limp smile and served their drinks. I didn't want to encourage them, but I didn't want to blow my tip either. 

As the night wore on their luck remained the same. The girls were not paying them much attention even though they were both pretty cute. I realized why the few times I overheard their pickup lines. Let's face it, they were young and had a lot to learn. They stuck it out until closing with their luck never changing. I could tell by the sideways smiles through drunken glances that, at least in their eyes, I was quickly becoming their last chance. 

I'm not above partying with the patrons, but these guys were just above jailbait and that's not my style. But they were pretty buff. I'm not sure why, but I started weighing the pros and cons of the situation. First there was Harry. He hustled pool when he wasn't sleeping or fucking. I hadn't seen or heard from him in days. I guess that one answered itself. My roommate Sally was at her boyfriends stocking up on some dick so that was out too. Of course, there was two of them and one of me. That wasn't a problem for me, but these guys seemed a bit inexperienced for that kind of thing. 

Then one of those nice devilish thoughts crossed my mind. A fantasy began to take shape in the inner reaches of my mind. I make these boys so horny they can't see straight, and then I start making them do things, things they would never dream of doing. They looked so young and innocent. I would knock that right off of them. Yep, that's when it started getting good to me. That's when I started getting horny. Not really a challenge, mind you, for boys this young. Their cocks become stiff with nothing more than a glance. But the idea of watching them do the things made the decision for me. 

As was my guess, all the other customers left except my two little drunken darlings.

"OK boys, that's it...time to go. Let's finish them up, it's time to go home," I said without even looking their way. 

The blonde smiled at me and said, "Your place or ours?" 

I continued to wipe down the bar as if I hadn't heard him. I wanted him to dangle out there for a bit all by himself. After several moments, I stopped wiping and gave my boys a look. It was the reprieve the blonde had hoped for.

"Well I have to admit, you boys don't give up easily. Let's face it; it's just not your night."



Undeterred, he continued, "But it could be...with you."

Now that was the spirit I was looking for. Believe me, he would need it. I gave him a look and the slightest of smiles. 

"You boys wouldn't have the slightest clue how to handle a woman like me...how can I say this...I'm a bit out of your league." It was all the encouragement he needed.

"Well, we're college boys...maybe you could teach us." He stressed the us as if taking the two of them was going to shock me somehow. Little did he know. The plans I had for them almost seemed unfair. Almost. But now it was time to seal the deal.

"You never know...I might teach you boy's things you don't want to learn."

"I doubt that," the blonde said unsteadily. I could tell that his brain was trying to tell him to slow down, think, but his cock was not having any of that. Suddenly he was looking to his friend for a little support. "Right Dirk?"

"Yeah, right Mac," his friend managed to say without sounding like a complete fool. 

"From the mouth of babes..."

"Hey, just give us a try," said the blonde.

My tone changed and so did my look. "I don't try anything...when you go to bed with me; you do everything I want and then some." 

They both were startled by the change of demeanor, but only for a second.

"Sounds good to us."

I gave them that smile again, the one that said I'm in control and you will not question me again. I pulled out two shot glasses and filled them with vodka. I handed them to my boys and said, "Bottoms up." They threw them down fast as I walked across the bar and locked the door. By the time I got back to their bar stools, I noticed two distinct bulges dominating their jeans. Yes, this was going to be fun.

I hopped up on the bar between them and licked my lips. You could feel the sexual tension rolling off of them. Without further adieu, I pulled my shirt up over my breasts to reveal my hard nipples. 

Not believing their luck, they looked at each other and smiled. "Now let's see...we will start with something easy. You take this one... and you that one." I then slipped my hands behind their heads and gently nudged them toward my breasts. Soon I was blessed by the gentle caress of my boys doing exactly as they were told. It felt divine. But I wanted to keep the ball in my court, so I continued to take the dominant position.

"That's it, boys. Show me what you got. Lick it...lick it." I rolled my tongue across my lips for moral support as I stared down at them feeding on my breasts. After working all night, their dueling tongues felt wonderful. I was surprised that Mac the blonde wasn't that good. I would have thought otherwise as he was the dominant of the two. I had just assumed he was more experienced. But it was his friend Dirk, dark hair and rather quiet, who really knew what a sensual caress was all about. Tender, sensuous and titillating, his tongue was working wonders on my libido. 

I let them feast for several minutes knowing full well their cocks were straining to the point of being painful. That's exactly where I wanted them. There is nothing easier to control then an extremely horny young man. 

I pulled back so slightly and announced, "Take your shirts off," I moaned breathlessly. No sooner were the words out of my mouth then my boys rushed to comply. Now I could see just how buff they really were. They were both muscled and trim suggesting sports of some kind. 

"So you boys are friends, huh? I bet you do everything together. Ever shared a girl before?" I asked giving them a leer. Their eyes lit up with surprise. It was just as I thought. "Well...I have a feeling that you two are going to be much closer by morning time." I reached down and began massaging those lovely bulges in their jeans. Moans escaped their mouth almost simultaneously. "Just the way I like them...nice and hard." 

Those devilish thoughts returned. My panties were growing quite damp. It was time to start working on Mac. He was the dominant one. Once he gave in, they were mine. I turned to him, and with a soft, sexy voice said, "You know...the way your friend licks my nipple is much softer...sexier." I then turned to Dirk and said, "Here, show him how you do it...do to him just exactly what you have been doing to me." I then pulled back so it was just the two of them. 

It was the moment of truth. I could see confusion on Dirk's face. Was it the alcohol or was he resistant to my suggestion? Either way, I wasn't going to give him time to think about it.

"No, here," I said nudging his head towards his friends bare nipple. "You do this so well...do it to him so he knows what I like." I pushed his head down on his friend's bare nipple while giving Mac a nice big smile. That was all it took. 

And just like that the Dirk clasped his lips around his friend's stiff nipple. Mac was immediately responsive to his caress although he tried to hide it. He wasn't hiding it from me. I could see the pleasure in his eyes, but I could also see that this was new. That made me even wetter. 

I kept my hand on Dirk's head as a gentle reminder in case he changed his mind. I watched as his tongue began to caress his buddy's stiff nipple, just as he had mine. I began to massage his scalp, raking my long nails gently along the back of his head, as a sign of my approval. Mac was now watching his friend's tongue as it worked its magic on his nipple.

If I didn't miss my guess, neither had ever touched another man before. And that made it all worthwhile. Once Dirk relaxed a bit and started rolling his tongue sensuously across the tip of Mac's nipple, things started to get interesting. Mac wanted to moan, but stifled it. I guided Dirk's head to Mac's other nipple where he jumped right in teasing it with his tongue. I glanced at the nipple he just left and found it stiff with excitement and glistening with his friends' saliva. Mac was quickly getting to the point where he didn't care who was making him feel this good.  

"See? See how nice that is?" I said to Mac. He was still looking down watching his friend tease his nipple. Dirk suckled his buddy's nipple without the slightest hesitation. I removed my hand from the back of his head and moved it down to the bulge in his jeans and began rubbing him as a reward for doing such a good job. His cock throbbed in my hand and knew he was getting off to the action. 

Mac was digging it too, but he was going to need more to do the things I wanted him to do. I put my hand behind his head, grabbed a bunch of hair, and tilted his head towards me. I moved in for a nice wet kiss while Dirk continued on his nipple. I forced my tongue between his lips and he moaned. Now I could feel his body swaying ever so gently to his buddy's caress and knew he was close to where I wanted him. His free ride was just about over.

I pulled away from the Mac and reached down for Dirk. I grabbed his head and yanked it up towards me and planted my lips on his. I drove my tongue inside his mouth and caressed him while reaching blindly for Mac. I found him and worked my hand behind his head and pushed him down towards his buddy's chest. He knew what I wanted. I was glad that he offered no resistance.

Dirk instinctively jerked when he felt his buddy's lips around his nipple, but I continued to drive my tongue down his throat. And just as quickly I could feel his body relax as he started to enjoy his buddy's caress. Mac was horny enough now where he needed no encouragement. Dirk started moaning into my mouth and I opened my eyes just long enough to see Mac flicking his tongue over his stiff nipple. I could feel the juices starting to drip down my leg.  

I pulled away from Dirk and watched Mac for a moment. "Yes... that's it...much better," I purred, "you are a quick learner...I like that in a man." But he was just beginning. I turned Dirk in his barstool so that he was facing away from the bar. I snuggled in behind him, mashed my exposed breasts against this back and started nibbling on his ear. I reached around and squeezed his stiff nipple between my fingers. In between nibbles, I told Mac, "I want to see his cock. Get those pants off of him so I can see his cock." 

I nibbled Dirk's ear and watched as Mac tugged on the zipper to his buddy's pants. I moved my hand from Dirk's nipple to Mac's scalp giving him a gentle massage as he diligently worked to unbuckle Dirk's pants. Mac then grabbed the pants legs and pulled hard. Dirk sat there on the stool, his cock visibly throbbing inside his underwear. He was a magnificent specimen of man. I waited for Mac to pull them off as well, but he was just sitting there staring at his bulge. 

"Those too," I whispered. Mac grabbed his buddy's underwear and pulled them off too and I heard that familiar sound. And that was the sound of Dirk's stiff cock bouncing back and slapping his six pack. Dirk's cock stood stiff, pulsating, demanding attention. Mac stared at me wondering what was next. I glanced at his pants. "You too," I said hopping off the bar and moving between Dirk's legs. 

I grabbed Dirk's cock and gave it one long, slow lick as I watched Mac drunkenly fumble out of his pants and underwear. I glanced at his cock, smiled and beckoned him down with me. With a firm grasp of Dirk's cock, I looked at Mac. I looked deep into his eyes for several moments. I wanted to connect with him. I wanted him to know that I was there, with him, for him. Once I saw that in his eyes, I bent his buddy's cock towards my lips and gently slipped it inside.

Now I love sucking cock as much as the next person, but it was very important for me to impress Mac so I really laid it on thick. I drove down that shaft in the most sensuous way, moaning and luxuriating in the hard, smooth warm flesh. Mac watched intently as inch after inch of his buddy's cock disappeared between my hungry lips. That was followed by moans of approval from Dirk.

I kept my eyes on Mac as I sucked in the most torturously slow manner. Mac all but licked his lips. And that's what I wanted to see. I pulled that thick, hard cock from my lips and aimed it at Mac. There was only a slight hesitation before he locked his eyes on me and lowered his lips to his buddy's cock.  

We maintained eye contact as he worked his way down. I smiled as his lips reached my hand at the base. The thought of him sucking his first cock, all the way down, excited me to no end. I would reward him later, but that would have to wait. 

His smooth young face looked so good with a cock buried between his lips. He could see the pleasure in my eyes. It was all the encouragement he needed. He began to work his buddy's cock.

There is something about cock sucking that men really lock into. This was not the first time I had witnessed it. Without the slightest bit of direction, he began to suck his buddy in long, slow strokes. The chorus of moans soon filled the air, which only served to encourage him more. Dirk was so lost in his enjoyment that I wasn't sure if he had realized his friend had taken over. Not that he would have cared. 

"Yes...that's it. Nice and slow..." I said watching that beautiful cock disappear between his lips.

I guess that was when Dirk put it all together. Hearing my voice and still feeling a pair of warm lips wrapped around his cock caused him to open his eyes and take stock of the situation. He looked down to see his cock lodged firmly between Mac's lips. If it bothered him, you could have fouled me. I gave him a lazy, sexy smile assuring him his buddy was indeed sucking his cock. He easily returned it with his own smile. 

I rose slightly to capture Dirk's nipple between my lips as Mac lost himself in that primitive, yet very enjoyable act of sucking cock. The one thing I was sure of was that Mac certainly didn't think of himself as a cocksucker. I'm sure it was the furthest thing from his mind before this evening. But now he was sucking his buddy as if he had been born to do nothing else. 

I was so proud of him. He had earned a reward. Besides, Dirk was getting very close to climax and I didn't want that to happen just yet. I gently pulled Mac off of Dirk's cock and hopped up into Dirk's lap. I spread my legs wide so Mac could see. I reached for Dirk's cock and eased it right inside. It didn't take much before I had his entire length inside me. That young stiff cock felt so very good. I bounced on it a few times in shear enjoyment. But I had other plans.

I patted the bar where I sat earlier and looked at Mac. He took my hint and hopped up on the bar barely an inch away. His cock was throbbing with excitement. I took it and aimed it at Dirk's lips. Both Mac and I watched as Dirk opened his mouth and took it into his mouth. 

Mac thrust his hips forward causing a great deal of his cock to disappear between Dirk's lips. Now if I didn't know better, I would have said that Dirk had sucked many a cock. He slurped on that cock like a pro. I started grinding away loving his hardness inside me. It was all I could do to prolong my first orgasm for a more opportune time.

My boys were doing all the nasty things just as I had hoped. Horny young men are so easy. I was determined to make each of them swallow the others cum. That would be the ultimate conquest and I would settle for nothing less. 

I pulled free long enough to re-position everyone. I pulled Dirk behind me and nudged Mac to slide in before me. I then reached back and found Dirk's cock and pulled it between my legs from behind. I rubbed it several times across my clit, but didn't let him enter me just yet. I turned around and looked at Mac and then nudged his head down, down towards my legs, towards his buddy's cock. With a firm hand behind his head, I directed Mac down on his buddy's cock. He wasted no time sucking it in and lathering it up with his saliva.

I then directed his mouth towards my pussy and he got the idea. He directed his tongue to my clit and flicked it several times. Then without my direction, he reached over and grabbed his buddy's cock and pushed it just inside my pussy. He surprised me by leaning in and licking my clit and his buddy's cock at the same time. It was marvelous!

Dirk would fuck me for a minute or two and then pop his cock out where Mac would go down on it and suck it clean. Then Mac would push it back into my pussy for another round. It was better than I could have hoped.

I sensed that Dirk was on the edge of climax and I wanted desperately to have him shoot his entire wad into his buddy's mouth. I would not be satisfied until both swallowed swimming pools worth of cum.

I pulled Dirk from my pussy and moved him around so that his cock was directly between Mac and me. I had a perfect view and took Dirk's cock and slipped it between Mac's lips.



"He is ready for you...do me proud," I said. 

Mac didn't let me down. He went all the way down on Dirk's cock and stayed there. Dirk moaned loudly and threw his head back. He thrust forward just once and then released into Mac's mouth. That triggered my first orgasm. But then Dirk's cum started leaking out the sides of his mouth and that's when I had my second orgasm. Dirk became too sensitive and pulled his cock from his hungry friend's mouth. I leaned in and kissed Mac sucking the rest from his mouth. 

"It's going to be hard to beat that," I said to Dirk. He smiled and pushed me out of the way. He took Mac's cock and slipped it between his lips. I could tell from the look in his eye that if he hadn't been sucking cock for years, he was certainly going to start. Mac didn't have a chance. Dirk had him spewing barely a minute later. And Dirk obviously loved the taste of sperm. He sucked him dry and then licked his cock like an ice cream cone on a hot day. 

I looked at those two young cocks hanging limp and spent. Knowing they had both just swallowed their first load of cum brought a smile to my face. "I hope you boys have learned your lesson." I reached for my clothes and so did they. 

I kissed them both goodbye and walked them out the door. I was sure they would tell no one of this experience and that was fine with me. But if I didn't miss my guess, the next time they hit the bars and struck out, they would know just what to do.