 When I walked into the hotel room, he was sitting in a chair fully clothed. He almost ignored me. Finally, he looked my way and motioned for me to come to him. He held his hand up in a gesture to "stop" when I was a few feet from him. He looked me up and down and said, "Take your clothes off."

 Without saying a word, I took my clothes off and tossed them aside. I was standing in front of him completely naked, my cock already half aroused. He just stared me up and down without saying a word. He motioned for me to turn around. I turned with my back facing him and could feel his eyes staring at my ass. 

He said, "Bend over and spread your legs." I did as told. His hand reached between my legs and grabbed my balls firmly. He squeezed them as I moaned and slightly grimaced. My cock sprung to full attention. He grabbed my shaft and pulled it downward, then started to stroke it as if he were milking me. My legs trembled and my moans became involuntary.

Suddenly, he released my cock and I felt a slap on my right ass cheek. I winced. I felt another slap on my left cheek. He grabbed my balls firmly with his left hand and pulled downward as he slapped each cheek one more time. I felt humiliated, embarrassed and exhilarated all at the same time. My cock was throbbing to the point that I was afraid I would explode any moment and ruin the visit. He released my balls and said, "Go into the bathroom and get into the bath."

I stood up and walked slowly and alone into the bathroom. The oversized bathtub was full and the room was steamy from the hot water. I stepped into the water slowly as it was still very hot. I lowered myself and slowly slid in, laying back against the back of the tub. My cock was still hard and I started running my fingertips over it, tantalizing myself and keeping it rock hard for whatever came next.

He left me there for what seemed like five minutes. Finally, he walked in nude and fully erect. He stepped into the bath straddling and facing me. He said, "Wash my cock and balls." When I sat up, his balls were just above my face. I took handfuls of hot water and poured them over his cock and balls. I grabbed the body wash, poured an ample amount in my hand and began to lather him. I massaged his balls with my left hand and stroked his shaft with my right, making sure to wash every inch.

He turned around, assuming I knew what to do without instructions. I used cupped hands to pour water over his ass and again poured body wash into my hand. I lathered and massaged his ass cheeks and then reached between his cheeks to lather up the inner depths, occasionally reaching underneath to massage his cock and balls. I knew from the throbbing reception I was receiving that I would be awarded a passing grade on my lathering skills.

He turned around and sat down facing me in the tub. He reached down and ran his hands over his cock and balls, wiping away the soap. He then stood up and said, "Suck my cock." I got onto my knees and ran my tongue up and down his shaft. He flinched when I tickled the tender underside of his helmet. I engulfed his cock with my mouth. I worked the head with my tongue and then grabbed his ass, pulling him toward me and forcing his cock to the back of my throat. I continued having my way with him until he stopped me and pulled out.

He said, "Stand up and turn around." I did as told and leaned forward with my hands against the wall. I heard him grab a bottle of conditioner and squirt a large handful into his hand. He reached between my legs and slapped the conditioner between my cheeks. The aroma of the conditioner filled the air and I could feel some of it dripping down my legs. He ran his hand up and down the inside of my cheeks and inserted a finger, working it in a circular motion, loosening my hole. He inserted another finger and then a third and continued to work my hole until there was little resistance. I started thrusting my hips, meeting his fingers each time they thrust into me, fucking myself with his fingers.

He pulled his fingers out and moved between my legs. I could feel the tip of his head against my hole pressing only slightly. He probed me with just the tip, in and out, in and out, until finally the head plopped fully inside me. I moaned as the edge of his large helmet passed the entrance.

He grabbed my hips and started stroking in and out of me, going a little deeper with each stroke. I slightly rocked my hips, encouraging him to go deeper. Finally, with one firm stroke, he penetrated fully, slapping his balls slapped against mine. I moved my hips in a circular motion, tightened slightly and milked his throbbing shaft. He held still and let me do the work for the moment.

As I rocked my hips and pulled him in and out of me, he grabbed my hips and started fucking me. He started slowly and picked up the pace as he went, repeatedly pulling nearly all the way out and then burying his shaft to full depth. My moans turned to murmurs of, "It feels so good. I love your cock inside me. Keep fucking me. Fuck me good with your beautiful cock."

He responded, "You like that? You like my cock inside your ass? Tell me how much you like it" as he slapped my ass.

I grabbed my own throbbing cock and started stroking wildly. With the dual stimulation of his thrusting cock and my own stroking, I knew I wouldn't last long. Suddenly, he pulled out of me and told me to lay down in the bath. I did as instructed while continuing to stroke my cock. He straddled me and began stroking his cock, slick with lubrication. I stared at his cock and continued stroking myself. Suddenly, he yelled out and looked down at me as he exploded in a tremor of an orgasm, shooting ropes of cum over my face and chest. My cock exploded, ejecting a stream of cum into the bath water.

After our orgasms subsided and we gathered our wits, I drained the bath and turned on the shower. We took our time lathering and massaging every inch if each other's bodies, probing holes and tantalizing erect cocks still sensitive from stimulation. After we dried, we walked into the room nude and found a bottle of wine and assortment of cheese on a platter on the table. I laughed and said, "Uh oh, I didn't even hear room service knock or come in." He laughed and said, "You didn't see him? The bathroom door was partially opened and he was standing in the bedroom watching us. I think he watched the last five minutes of the action, including the spectacular ending." Suddenly, I was erect again.