 I squinted one eye open, only to be punished by the sting of sudden sunlight. It was no use trying to nap, not when I was exposed in public. Somehow Mark had gotten me to go to a nude beach with him, and now I was paying the price by lying there feeling awkward and nervous, having to wait for some girls to come and talk to us. I was pretty sure my skin was starting to burn too.

I chanced a glance back over my shoulder at my butt, and groaned. It was definitely looking pink.

"You're starting to burn, dude." I'd almost forgot Mark was right there, shading his eyes for a look at my ass. "I could only do a shit job with the suntan lotion because you wouldn't let me take your trunks off."

"Well, it's too late now," I muttered.

"What are you talking about? I can grab more," Mark commented. "I need an excuse to get up anyway."

I frowned. "Um, why? Wait, so you can show off your—Mark!"

My friend flashed me a grin as he climbed up onto his knees and crawled over to the beach bag. My eyes darted across his butt again. I knew what was coming next, as soon as he turned. I knew it was coming, but still I sucked in a sharp breath as he turned to face me once more.

Fuck. It was out. Right in the light. My best friend's cock lay across his thigh, gleaming with sweat and rippling with thick veins, even flaccid. He was right, it was way bigger than mine. His swollen balls made mine look like grapes in fucking comparison. I felt a cold sensation wash over me and I held back a shiver. Shit, how was it so nice?

"You okay, man?" Mark said as if from far away. "You okay?"

I blinked, snapping back to reality and quickly dragging my eyes off his cock. Unfortunately I met his eyes next, and there was no way to stop a guilty blush. "Yeah, I'm fine."

The corner of his mouth was threatening a smirk. "You were ogling my cock, dude. I saw it."

Caught right in the act. I looked away, mumbling, "no, I was just looking. For, like, a second."

Unconvinced, my friend sat back on his heels and surveyed me with amusement. "Are you really that impressed, man? You look like you're stroking. C'mon, what is it?"

"It's so big," I muttered, unable to stop myself.

He began laughing. "Fuck, this is weird! You're calling it big?"

"I already said it! I'm just... just saying."

"So you actually like it? Do you need a better look, or what?"

Fuck, what should I say? He probably wasn't being serious, but if he was I shouldn't make a big deal out of it. And it wasn't like I wanted a better look or anything. I caught my eyes darting to his groin and teared them away as fast as I could. "What would I want to see it for?" I managed at last.

"You tell me, pal. You were the one checking it out a minute ago. And you said my butt was nice already, so don't tell me you're not curious. Tell you what, if you want a good look at my dick I'll hold still and let you."

My mouth was sliding open in disbelief. "What are you talking about?" I demanded, feeling my heart beat a little faster. Was he really about to let me check it out?

"I'm not messing with you, dude. I like seeing that look on your face," Mark insisted mirthfully. "Well?"

I let out a noise. He was such a jerk. He had to have things on his terms. Still, if I said no I'd have to be careful any time I was just curious about it that day or he'd never let me hear the end of it. "Fine, okay? Let me... let me see it." Fuck! What was I saying?

"Ha! I can't believe you!" He exclaimed. I shot him a disgusted look but he just shook his head and kept grinning. "Whatever, dude." He sat back and spread his arms, showing his cock off right in front of me.

My eyes dropped down there again before I could stop myself. I mean, sure, he was letting me, but this was embarrassing as fuck. Ughh, why did I have to see it? Just because it was nice?

I mean, it was really nice. The sunlight slid off the thick girth of his dick, forming little golden ridges along his veins and vanishing in his thick black pubic hair. He was uncut and looked even bigger for it. How the fuck would a girl take that? No, don't imagine that. Not even if his balls looked like they needed unloading, bulging as they were. Fuck, they could drench someone, cover them in cum. Why was I thinking this shit?! I was wanted to see it for a minute, that was all.

"This is so fucking weird," I muttered in spite of myself.

"Hey, you asked me!" Mark replied. "We're out in public and everything, but you had to have a look."

I suddenly remembered we were out on a beach full of people. And some of them might have noticed me checking out this guy's dick by now. "Well, you can stop!" I got out breathlessly, flushing. "I wasn't being that serious anyway, okay?"

"Sure, man," he snorted. "You looked pretty serious when you were biting your lip a second ago."

My eyes widened. No way. He was fucking with me. I hadn't bitten my lip, had I? Mark was slapping the bottle of suntan lotion and crawling over beside me again, giving me no chance to read his face. I made a quick scan of nearby beachgoers, feeling hotter than ever, and noticed several brown-haired girls nearby shooting us glances. I let out a little moan. Why was that what they had to notice?! This looked so bad for me.

Mark was right. People would probably think we were gay. I'd only looked for a moment! Mark's comments about me looking cute and girly kept flitting into my mind, and I couldn't shake the feeling he was right about me giving off the impression I was his... his boy toy or whatever. Fuck, these thoughts didn't help anything.

"You need me to help?" Mark was crouching beside me, an eyebrow raised.

I nearly rolled off my towel, and had to clap a hand over my dick which was still kind of stiff. "H-hey, what are you doing?"

"Relax," he said with exasperation, and suddenly his hands were on my bare hips, forcing me back down against the towel. "You're still burning. You want me to do your ass over, or what?

I was squirming, feeling little thrills at the way he was holding me. "Let go of my hips," I protested.

"Am I doing this right or do you want to be sitting on a burned ass for the rest of the week? Your call, buddy."

"Nggh," I groaned. But he was kind of right—if I twisted my spine I could kind of see where my butt was getting burned but there'd be no way to tell if I missed a spot until I was in misery for the next few days. I'd have wanted to keep my modesty but Mark was kneeling right above my bare butt and his hand was resting on my back already so it was probably too late for that. With all the wriggling I was doing I was making things worse.

"Fine, just... make it quick, okay? Everybody can see us." And no doubt I would make an even better case for the gross things those girls had to be thinking. I was so fucked.

"Hold still, squirmy."

My breath came faster. I couldn't believe I was letting him do this. I immediately flinched as Mark's fingers slid onto my bare butt again. They crawled down the sides to allow his palms to push into each cheek, and I felt warm suntan lotion squish in between each finger. I fought a little tremble to no avail.

Mark dragged his hands up onto my lower back and I reacted the same way as before, involuntarily arching so that my butt stuck up in the air a little bit for him. I couldn't help it. And besides, if he didn't have a good angle this would take even longer. 

Mark's bare hands ran back down across my butt cheeks and down onto my thighs. A "nnn!" slipped out of me. Then his hands pushed upwards into the folds of skin under my butt cheeks, and forced their way into the slippery space before plowing up onto my butt. "Nnngh." My eyes squeezed shut.

Suddenly, a voice came. "Hey, what are you even doing?"

My eyes snapped open in horror. That was a girl's voice.

"Not much," Mark answered casually. "My buddy here missed some spots."

"Oh yeah?" Came the giggle. "Looks like a lot of spots."

I worked up the courage to look over my shoulder, and felt a wash of dismay when I saw that it was the blonde girl I'd noticed earlier. Her bare breasts were out, gleaming in the light and swooping into pretty pink nipples, though her orange bikini bottom remained loosely tied at her hip. Her sunglasses rested amid her glowing hair so she could squint down at us for a better view.

"Nothing's happening," I piped desperately.

"This probably looks weird, but we're super tight," Mark interjected. "We do stuff like this all the time, alright?"

"Um, I bet you do," she snorted. What was she doing here?! How could she just walk up to us? We were all fucking naked!

"I'm not even gay," I blurted, unable to overlook her implication. But why had I only defended myself? That sounded worse. And yeah I couldn't stop wiggling, but Mark hadn't taken his fucking hands off me!

The girl raised her eyebrows. "Got it. Hey, did you shave your butt? And do you use body scrubs? Your skin is nicer than mine."

"No! I mean, yeah, I fucking shaved it, but that's because I take care of myself. That's it!"

"You use the women's aisle for all that bath stuff, though, right?"

"Well, that's where all the stuff is!" I protested, feeling my face flush and my stomach get all queasy. Fuck! I was digging myself a deeper hole.

"Look, look," Mark interrupted, "he says he's not gay so take that as you will. I'm not sure what kinky gay stuff you like watching, but I'm not going to judge. What's your name, girl?"

She laughed. "Wow. I'm Emma. And I just came over to make sure you weren't taking advantage of him."

"Oookay," Mark answered, making sure he sounded completely unconvinced. "For him, got it. Not my dick or anything."

"Totally not."

"Then if you don't mind I'm gonna get back to it—I don't want my friend here burning his ass." And he started rubbing at my bare butt again, just like that.

"Ugh. You're doing a shit job defending me, Mark," I moaned, wriggling as his hands glided onto my thighs again.

"If your skin's that white you burn so fast," Emma commented, settling onto the sand beside me. "It took me a while to start tanning out here."

"Yeah, I've seen you here before," Mark continued. "You take that top off, but you should try your bottom too if you don't want tan lines."

"What? Is that so weird?"

"It's a nude beach, girl, not a topless beach. And you don't have anything you need to hide."

"Well. It's still weird, okay. I'm not like a guy who can just... have his dick out." Her eyes flashed to his cock, entranced by its girth like I'd been.

I noticed Mark grinning wolfishly out of the corner of my eye. "So do you like my cock or not?"

She looked up to meet his gaze. "Fine, yeah. I like your cock," She admitted, biting her lip.

Fuck! That was same line he'd used on me! And shit, I hadn't reacted much differently. What kind of girly shit was that?

"Um, I'm right here!" I said shrilly. "Are you going to finish or not, Mark?"

"Yeah, yeah, I'm getting to it," he said. "I'm just making sure Emma gets to watch."

"Watch what?" I demanded.

"It's hot, okay, watching a guy touch his friend like that," Emma tittered. "So thanks."

"What the fuck are you talking about?" I gasped. "You can stop as soon as you're done!"

"Be cool," Mark ordered irritably, his fingers digging into my soft butt cheeks.

"Mmn!" I jerked. I realized this was Mark shooting his shot with a girl he'd had his eye on for a while. But did he have to use me to do it?!

Mark's hands were slipping up and down my buttocks, rounding my hips and rubbing onto my waist. He kept fucking groping me and it was obvious he wasn't trying to cover my ass with lotion anymore.

"Mmn! Nn!" I clapped a hand over my mouth. Not now.

His fingers dragged open my butt crack and slipped up through it, making me squirm and grind against the towel. I couldn't stop making noises as the sensation, and there was no way they couldn't hear me now. My cock was still hard and kept throbbing against my towel, over and over.

Emma was breathing a little faster, her breasts rising with a bit more conviction. "Oh, fuck. That's... that's pretty hot. Keep doing it."

"What's hot?" Mark pressed.

"Watching you touch him like that, man. Fuck."

"Stop," I whimpered. For some reason I couldn't work up the drive to get up, fight him off me. My best friend was molesting me right in front of some girl!

Mark's hand pushed its way between my legs, and I jerked as his fingers dragged against my soft taint. "M-Mark, don't..."

"Relax. You could get burned here too if you're not careful. That would suck. Spread your legs a little more."

I was chewing my lip, trying to stay under control but unable to resist sliding my thighs open. Whyyyy?

"Cute balls," Emma murmured.

Little thrills of pleasure kept shooting through me and my eyelids fluttered as Mark's fingers pushed into my balls and around them. I felt sudden pressure and let out a sound, bucking my hips against the towel as my friend suddenly groped my balls next. "Mmmn! Mark, I—agh!"

"Raise your butt up." He hauled my hips off the towel, lifting my butt into the air. "Come on, raise it."

"Wait!" I gasped, but my throbbing dick was bouncing between my thighs a moment later, leaking precum, in full view of the blonde girl.

"Fuck, you're so hard!" Emma gasped. "Dude, are you actually going to—?"

"No!" I got out, but my head was pounding and my thoughts a dizzying blur. I couldn't think straight and my heart was racing.

Mark seemed to think it was all fun and games because he kept going. His hand slid over my balls and finally I felt his hand brush onto my cock. I came instantly.

A jet of white cum spurted out of the end of my dick and pleasure flashed through my mind, making me senseless for a few moments such that I let out a girly whimper and spasmed.

"Oh, fuck!" I heard Mark exclaim from somewhere, and his hand was gone. But still the damage was done—I'd orgasmed from him just brushing my cock. For a few moments I felt amazing as my dick pushed out the last strings of semen and my breaths began to slow.

But there was rustling as Emma bent for a better view. "Ohh-oh my fucking god, did he just cum? Did you jerk his dick, dude?" She was panting for air too.

"No, I just touched it! Fuck! Look, man, I'm sorry... I didn't know you needed to get off that bad. It's your first time here, so... so I wouldn't have touched it if I knew."

"It's okay, it's okay," I croaked as I managed to speak. "I-it's my fault. I was... I was hard for a while. I sh-should've said something, or..."

"So you're actually gay, then?" Emma confirmed.

"No!" I answered weakly, meeting her gaze but unable to muster much effort behind it with my head so hazy with pleasure.

She looked so skeptical. "Nice eye contact. My tits are right down here, man. Try a glance?"

It was the first time I'd been scolded for looking a girl in the eyes. "I just came, okay?"

"I was watching you before," she said accusatorially. "You were checking out your friend so hard. Then you came after he starting groping your ass? Come onnn, man. Just admit you're gay."

"I-I don't know what you're talking about. Mark," I entreated him, shooting him a look. He was sitting back on his haunches and watching the exchange with interest. His back cock, all shiny and sweaty, sprawled across his thigh and looked like it had a bit of extra thickness for whatever reason. His glistening pecs and abs were heaving like he was out of breath too!

SNAP! SNAP!

"Hey, I'm still here!" Emma reminded me, snapping her fingers. "You totally forgot about me for a second, didn't you? You're so gay for your friend, man."

"Mark, tell her," I begged.

He spread his hands. "Hey, let her think what she wants. If you're straight you got nothing to worry about. But, uh, it doesn't exactly look good for you." Fuck, he was starting to believe her! Weirdly enough, his cock was definitely kind of hard. I could see his veins throbbing a little bit across its meaty length. It may have been resting on his thigh, but that was probably because its sheer weight held it down. I didn't know why, for the blonde girl or me.

Fuck, why did that pop into my head? Why would he be hard for me? Did I really think my naked body turned him on? I mean, he had complimented my body and said weird stuff about me being girly and pretty. I had been moaning like a fucking girl when he was touching me, and he had to have noticed that. But no, no, Mark couldn't be gay. This was crazy. Him touching me had filled my head with all sorts of stuff.

SNAP! SNAP!

"Dude!" Fuck, she'd caught me checking out his penis again. I couldn't help shooting Emma a guilty look, which she returned with a face of exasperation. "I mean, I'm not going to say it's not hot, but you should be honest..."

"Tell you what," Mark interjected, "if you like this stuff, girl, we can keep doing it. Maybe you'll take that bottom off?"

"What? Hey! Pervert! You'd fuck around with your friend just to get me naked?"

"You heard him!" Mark laughed. "He's not gay, so he'd be down to see it too."

"What are you trying to say?" I spluttered in disbelief, finally overcoming the haze of my orgasm.

"Blondie's saying she'll take it all off."

"I never said that!" Emma interrupted in protest, though there was a smile on her lips.

"So say it. If we do more of this stuff to each other, you have to take 'em off. Deal?"

She bit her lip, a little gleam in her eye. "Okay. Fine, deal. I'll go totally naked if you keep going."

"Keep going with what?" I panted. I'd already cum!

"You know what," she muttered. "I said 'deal,' so hurry up."

Mark was smiling. "Okay, okay. Deal."

"Mark!" I complained frantically, realizing I hadn't exactly been included in the negotiations.

"Dude, we're going along with this, okay?" Mark told me, his breaths a little fast now. "So what do you want, girl?

"Put your dick on him. Put your cock on his face," Emma stammered feverishly. She seemed to have lost a little of her reason now.

"H-hey!"

"Fuck. If you say so."

"H-hey, no! You can't—what are you talking about?! You can't make deals like that without me!" I thrashed on the towel, trying to get up, but Emma grabbed my arm.

"Come on, man! Are you telling me you don't want it? From him?" Her face was flushed and her pupils huge as she searched my face.

"Th-that's so weird," I responded.

"Lay back," Mark told me, and suddenly he was pushing me back down onto the towel. One of his muscular legs swung over me and planted itself next to my arm. His enormous cock was swinging like a tree between his legs just above my neck, and my eyes grew huge.

"Mark!" I choked out.

He was really kneeling over me. His dick was so close I could smell its heady musk. Ohh fuck. It was so big. The image of it smacking me in the face flashed through my mind, inexplicably. No! I didn't want this! I'd already cum, so why was my heart pounding so fast again? Why was I a little hard again?

"Just do it," Emma whined.

"Mark, come on..."

My best friend's face, far above, was flushed as well as he gazed down at me, decision in his sharp black eyes. "Aw, fuck. I hadn't thought of this before, but if I do it... you really are my bitch, man."

"Don't!"

"Why not?"

"It's gay as fuck!" I moaned, wriggling as drops of sweat rolled off his balls and spattered my chest. "Rubbing your fucking dick on my face, are you crazy?!"

"What's wrong with that?" Mark prodded. "Your body's been a whole lot more honest than you, dude, and it's been okay with everything else."

"N-no it hasn't."

"So say you're my bitch, then. And maybe I won't do it," Mark deliberated.

I didn't have much choice. I was so weak I felt like jelly. No way I could push them both off me now. "Ugh! I'm... I'm your bitch." I shivered. He let out a little groan.

"Make him say he's your slut," Emma whispered. "Come on. Otherwise... otherwise I won't strip."
