 It was the start of summer vacation, I'm eighteen and have just graduated high school. In August I will be starting college at the University of Miami and studying medicine, like my dad. Dad is a doctor specializing in cardiology, so there is a decent amount of money in the family. Nearly every year since I can remember mom, dad, my sister Alanna and I would always take a family summer holiday together. This year we are doing something different and are renting a beach house. We live in the heart of Miami and we are driving two hours west to Marco Island where we will be staying for four weeks. 

"Hurry up Luke, we want to be there before lunch," mom yelled out to me as I was throwing the last of my things into my suitcase. 

The car was absolutely packed, we had stacked most of our luggage onto the roof. I was really looking forward to this holiday. Mom and dad were obviously sad that I was going away to college soon, so I think that's why they chose the idea of staying in a beach house for four weeks, just the four of us, so we could have as much time together as possible before I go. I would say our family is very close and I have always gotten on well with my sister Alanna, who is thirteen. 

I had a good high school experience, I got excellent grades and had a close group of friends. I dated a girl named Lexi for two years throughout high school but we decided to end things as she was going far away to college. I lost my virginity to her when I was seventeen. Lexi was very hot and was such a nice girl too, but I never really felt like I was in love with her. 

I would say I am a good looking guy. I am about 6' 3", with short dark brown hair and brown eyes. I work out and have a nice toned body. I spend a lot of time at the beach so I am quite tan, I use hair removal cream on my chest which makes me feel even better with a shirt off. 

The two hour car drive seemed to be really dragging out. We arrived at about 12:30 and I noticed all the beach houses on our street were almost identical. They were big blue, two story homes that literally sat on the beach, the sand was our backyard. There was a huge kitchen and lounge room down stairs and four bedrooms upstairs. Out the back of the house there was an outdoor area with a BBQ and a spa. I chose my bedroom and un-packed all my things and so did the rest of my family before we sat down outside for a nice lunch that mom quickly threw together. 

As we were packing up after lunch there was a knock at the door. Mom opened the door to a nice lady who introduced herself as Kelly and told us that she was staying next door with her family and wanted to invite us over for dinner. Mom accepted and we were told to go over there at 7pm. I was hoping they would have kids next door around my age so I would have some friends for the summer. We all had a relaxing afternoon and Alanna and I did a little exploring around the beach. 

7pm came around quick and we all walked to the neighbour's house and knocked on the door. Kelly's husband answered the door and he seemed very friendly like his wife and invited us inside. His name was John and he showed us to their outdoor area where we were greeted by the rest of the family. Kelly and John had three sons, twin's named Ethan and Eric who were fourteen and Wes who was eighteen like me. 

Seeing Wes for the first time really confused me. I shook his hand and I felt something I hadn't felt before. I mean I could always tell if a guy was good looking or not but there was something different about Wes. He was more than good looking, he was gorgeous. I felt instantly attracted to him and I got so shy I could barely get my words out. He was tall like me and had a surfer look about him. He had blonde hair and beautiful deep blue eyes. He must hit the gym a lot because he has great muscles and a nice tan. 

We sat down and I was sitting opposite Wes at the end of the table. I had butterflies and sweaty palms like I was in a job interview. I was trying not to stare at him and just join in the conversation down the table between our parents. Alanna was so out-going unlike me, she seemed to be in deep conversation with the twins already. I found out they were from Fort Lauderdale which is only half an hour from us in Miami. 

"So Luke, where are you going to college?" Wes asked me. 

"I'm going to the University of Miami to study medicine," I replied as casually as I could. Why do I feel this way, I was so nervous! 

"Wow small world, I'm going there too to study Environmental Engineering!" 

I suddenly felt extremely excited. "Oh cool," I told him smiling. 

"That's great you'll know someone at college now," mom shouted from the other end of the table. 

"Yeah, I don't know anyone who is going there either," Wes told her. 

Kelly cooked us a great dinner, and throughout the meal Wes and I got to know each other more. I found out that they had just arrived here 2 days before us and were staying for four weeks as well. After dinner Wes, Alanna, Eric, Ethan and I all went down to check out the beach at night. Alanna had walked ahead of us with the twins, so it was just Wes and I alone now. I still felt a bit awkward towards him so I just tried to keeping talking about anything and everything, like school and past girlfriends. 

"I've hooked up with a few girls but I've never had a serious relationship," Wes told me. 

It was getting late, Wes invited me to come back over to his place tomorrow to play PS4. We headed back to his beach house and mom, dad, Alanna and I went back to our place to go to bed. Mom and dad really got on well with Wes' parents. My parents didn't have many friends so I was happy to see them socializing for once. 

When I went to bed that night I couldn't stop thinking about Wes, I wanted to kiss him, I wanted to see him naked. These thoughts really aroused me, could I be gay? I had never thought of myself as gay before, I had never even really given it much thought until now. I hadn't felt this way about someone before. Maybe this was why I never really loved Lexi. I couldn't sleep, Wes never left my mind. I was so confused, although thinking I might be gay didn't feel wrong. My family is open minded and accepting, I was sure they would understand, my dad's brother is gay after all. I can't possibly know for sure until I try it. But these feelings for Wes felt more right than anything had before. I wonder if he felt them back. If I felt such strong chemistry between us, he must have felt it too, right? After over thinking and analysing every little detail of the time I spent with him I eventually drifted off to sleep. 

I awoke the next morning really looking forward to spending time alone with Wes. I got up, had some breakfast and had a shower before heading next door to see him. Mom had made plans with Kelly to go shopping, Alanna was heading to the boardwalk with the twins and dad and John were going to watch the football. It probably seemed a bit strange to everyone that Wes and I were going to be spending the day inside playing PS4 instead of going out and enjoying the beach, but I was more than happy to be doing that. Wes and I would be alone in their house as Dad and John were watching the football at our place. I said goodbye to my family, and we planned to see each other at dinner. 

I knocked on Wes' front door and he answered it quickly. He was full of energy and looked really happy to see me. 

"Hey dude, ready to play some PS4?" Wes asked me. 

"Yeah, let's go," 

He showed me to his bedroom, which I hadn't seen last night. He had a flat screen TV with two gaming chairs in front and a huge bed. 

"My brothers and I are huge gamers so we brought all our gaming stuff with us here on the trailer, it took a lot of convincing mom and dad though," Wes said laughing. 

"Wow, you're lucky, these chairs are great," I told him. 

We sat down and played for a couple of hours. I was having the best time. We were getting on great and laughing so much and then I got to a point in the game where I was confused. 

"I'm not sure what to do here," I told Wes. 

"Here, I'll show you," Wes replied as he leaned over towards me. 

He gripped my controller over my hands and showed me what to do. His hands were so soft. I wasn't even paying attention to the game anymore. I tensed up and went silent. He noticed I wasn't paying attention and looked embarrassed. He let go of my hands and sat back in his chair. There was silence for a little while and neither of us were playing anymore. 

"Do you want to go get some lunch? There is a café at the end of the street that we could walk to?" Wes asked me, finally breaking the silence. 

"Yeah, that sounds good," 

The awkwardness that we had both felt just a few minutes ago quickly went away as we walked along the side of the road to the café. I felt like we could talk about anything. He told me so much about his life and I did the same. I couldn't be the only one feeling this connection, I thought to myself. Wes became more touchy feely towards me as we walked. He would put his arm around me as we laughed and would push me slightly. I just wanted to grab him and kiss him so badly. 

We arrived at the café and ordered our meals (it was the kind of place where you pay before you eat). 

"That's $32.75 all up," the lady at the cash register told us. 

Before I could reach for my wallet Wes quickly paid. 

"Thanks man," I told him smiling. 

"No worries," Wes said smiling back at me and our eyes met and we just froze for a second before heading to our seats. 

The same lady who served us at the counter brought our meals over to us in no time. 

"Enjoy your meals, and by the way you two make such a lovely couple," the lady told us with a huge smile on her face before quickly walking away. 

Neither of us corrected her, I was so embarrassed. My eyes were so wide and then I looked at Wes and we both burst out in laughter. 

"I guess we should take that as a compliment," Wes stated with a cheeky grin on his face. 

I had the feeling he definitely felt what I had been feeling back. We finished our meals and headed back to his place. No one was home still and we went straight back up to his bedroom. He closed the door behind us. I was standing in the middle his bedroom not sure what to do next. Wes had a strange look on his face, like he was on another planet or something, and then he walked straight up to me. 

He was so close to me, our chests were almost pressed up against one another. We were staring each other in the eyes before Wes leaned in even closer and kissed me. I couldn't believe we were kissing. His lips were so soft, he slid his tongue into my mouth and I did the same back. This was the most passionate kiss I had ever felt. Our bodies were pressed up against each other and I had my hands around the back of his neck, pulling him as close to me as possible. His hands were on my shoulders. 

All of a sudden we heard people enter the house down stairs and we broke the kiss. Our foreheads were pressed up against each other's and we were both at a loss of breath. We heard people climbing the stairs so we sat down in the chairs and pretended to be playing a game. Alanna and the twins came in the room and told us about their day on the boardwalk. I wasn't even listening to them, my mind was completely focused on the kiss that had just happened. 

Alanna and the twins wouldn't leave Wes and me alone all afternoon so we didn't really get a chance to talk, although he would glance over at me any chance he got. I really wanted to talk to him about what all this meant but it was getting late and mom called Alanna and I back for dinner. 

That night I was lying awake in my bed debating whether or not I should sneak over to his place to see him. I decided I couldn't wait any longer and I had to see him. I got out of bed and walked passed the window when something caught my eye. Wes was outside staring up at my window. I opened the window and softly spoke down to him that I'll come downstairs and let him in. I quietly went to the front door and let him inside. 

"Hey, I was just about to go over to your place, let's sit in the lounge room and talk cause everyone is upstairs sleeping," I told him. 

We went into the lounge room and I locked the door behind us. 

"I just had to see you," Wes told me. 

"I know I couldn't sleep," 

He reached out and took my hand into his and led me to the couch. 

"I've never done anything like this before," I told him. 

"Me either, I haven't ever been attracted to a guy before you," 

"Do you think this means we are gay?" I asked him. 

"Well I don't know, we haven't even done anything except kiss yet, but I can't help feeling like I want to do so much more". 

"Me too, I can't explain it but the moment I saw you for the first time was like everything about myself changed," 

Wes smiled his gorgeous smile and leaned in and kissed me. I saw stars, it was like our first kiss again. The kiss became so passionate I could barely breath, we were rubbing our hands all over each other's bodies and then we fell off the couch onto the floor. We laughed and then continued making out. We ripped each other's shirts off and Wes got on top of me. He started kissing my neck and nibbling on my ear. His lips on my body felt incredible, I hadn't felt this turned on in my entire life. My cock was rock hard and I could feel his was too. He was pressing his cock into mine and grinding on me as he kissed my neck. 

He kissed his way down my neck and started sucking on my nipple, it tingled all the way down to my cock. Wes started kissing his way down my stomach, over my belly button to the top of my sweat pants. 

"Should we get naked?" Wes asked me while biting his bottom lip. My god he was so sexy. 

"Yes!" 

Wes stood up, unbuttoned his jeans, zipped down his fly and took his pants and underwear completely off while staring me in the eyes the whole time. We were in complete lust. Once his pants were off I got a good look at his beautiful 7" rock hard cock. I had never thought I could think a cock was beautiful but his completely was. I slid my pants and underwear off too and Wes laid back on the floor with me. He started kissing me again and was about to make his way down to my cock again. 

"I want to suck your cock while you suck mine," I told him. 

Wes bit his bottom lip again and smiled. I rolled onto my side and Wes went down and laid on his side with his head opposite my cock. His cock was in my face now. I could see a small drop of pre-cum at the tip of his cock. I wanted to taste him so badly, I gripped the base of his cock and brought it to my mouth. I licked the tip and tasted his sweet pre-cum before I put my mouth around it and begun sucking. Wes took my cock into his mouth at the same time and instantly it felt better than any crappy blowjob Lexi had attempted to give me. He was taking my 6" cock deep into his mouth and I knew I wouldn't last long. We began sort of fucking each other in the mouth at the same time and through the mouth full of cock we both had we were both moaning in complete pleasure. We both had our free hand on each other's arse cheek massaging as we sucked. I began to feel myself getting closer and I stopped sucking his cock for a second so I could tell him I was going to cum in case he didn't want me to shoot my load into his mouth. 

"I'm close too, I want to taste your cum," Wes told me. 

I took his cock into my mouth and continued to suck up and down really fast now. He soon came into my mouth and I swallowed all I could. There was so much cum it began running down my cheek. I came into his mouth which felt like the biggest load I had ever shot in my life. My cock was pulsating load after load deep down his throat. I took his cock from my mouth and we were both catching our breath. 

"Wow, that was incredible, the best blowjob I have ever had, and I didn't know I could cum like that!" I told Wes. 

"I know right, for someone who has never done this before you were amazing at sucking my dick, definitely the best I have ever had," Wes replied. 

Wes came back up and rested his head on my chest and I put my arms around him. 

"I can't believe this is happening, and I couldn't be happier," I told him. 

"I really like you Luke," he replied. 

We fell asleep right there on the floor. I suddenly awoke and saw that it was light outside. 

"Oh my god, its morning," I said waking up Wes. 

We sat up and smiled at each other. 

"I better get home before anyone realises I'm not in my bed asleep," 

I looked at my watch and luckily it was only 6am and I knew my family would still be asleep. We got dressed and I showed Wes to the door. 

"That was possibly the best night of my entire life," said Wes. 

"Mine too, want to go for a walk later?" I asked him smiling. 

"Yeah sounds good, just come over when everyone is awake," 

We kissed each other goodbye and I headed upstairs to my room. 

I fell back to sleep for a couple of hours before mom yelled up to me from downstairs that breakfast was ready. I looked at the clock and it was 8:30am now. I remembered what had happened the night before and I felt so happy. It was surreal that all of this was happening. At breakfast everyone noticed how good of a mood I was in and I just told them I was enjoying the holiday. 

"Any plans for the day?" Dad asked me. 

"Wes and I were going to check out the boardwalk," I told him. I wasn't sure exactly what we would be doing but I didn't want anyone else to try to make plans with me. 

"Yeah it's great, we had such a good time yesterday," Alanna chimed in. 

"Well have a good time," dad told me as I was finishing my breakfast. 

I had a shower and got ready before I headed next door to see Wes. He was ready to go as soon as I got there. Once we had walked down the street a little we stopped and Wes gave me a huge hug. 

"I missed you," Wes told me. 

"I missed you too," I replied as we smiled and gazed into each other's eyes for a second. "Where should we go now?" 

"Let's just walk and see where we end up," 

We continued on the path and ended up walking through a park with a small lake. We couldn't see anyone around. I stopped Wes and took his hands into mine and then leaned in and kissed him passionately. I couldn't help myself. I wanted him so badly I didn't care if anyone saw. We were just stopped there completely oblivious to the world around us as we continued to kiss passionately, we didn't realised the jogger that was approaching us on the path. 

"Fucking faggots!" The stranger blurted out as he jogged passed us. 

Before I could even comprehend what had been said Wes raced after him and with one hard push from behind the homophobe was face down on the grass beside the path. Wes was quite a bit bigger than he was so I guess that's why he went down so hard. I ran up to them. 

"Fuck you, get the fuck out of here!" Wes yelled down to him. 

The stranger quickly staggered to his feet and ran off. 

"Oh my god what a dickhead! He went down so easily, are you okay?" I asked Wes. 

"Yeah I'm fine, I just can't believe how un-educated some people can be," 

"Yeah I know right, my family has always taught me not to discriminate against anyone no matter who they are, but I guess not everyone gets that," I replied. 

"The topic hasn't really come up with me and my parents, but they have never said a bad word about gay people either," Wes said. 

"Do you think we should tell them all about us?" I asked. 

"Yeah probably, I mean we are here together for four weeks, if we don't tell them they will probably find out on their own and it will be more awkward," 

"Does that mean that we are like together?" I asked. 

"Well do you want to be?" Wes replied all shy. 
