 The following is a sequel to my entry in the Halloween story contest of 2007 submitted a year ago. The title was THE TABOOS OF TRANSYLVANIA. 

*

He was so handsome and charming in his dinner jacket that night in August on his eighteenth birthday. Reginald has his mother's big brown eyes and his father's debonair strawberry blond looks. But he inherited his mother's curl. That summer, the young lady who fancied him had convinced him to grow out his hair from its usual tight wave to sprouted locks that would shuffle about in the summer breeze, well suited to a free spirit. But he was not so much the effusive libertine everyone had hoped he would progress to. His mother remembered a mischievous little boy with an impish grin. But he had grown introspective and almost sullen. The youth felt despairing that he could never communicate the vaguely mystical feelings of belonging to another world in a different aesthetic dimension. 

He spoke of his dreams again that night. Unknown to his son, the rest of his family, and the remainder of the guests, his father knew grimly about the context and reference of his son's visions in slumber. He dreaded that his progeny, as promised, would ever encounter a full experience of the intense and deeply rooted profanity that he understood all his male descendants would become aligned to. Perhaps the hellish source would lose interest and the lad could be led into a life of some loving normality by the older girl who doted on him with an older woman's heart. Maybe the power of young love could eclipse more fiendish lusts. 

"Oh, that again!" The petite young woman in her newly fashionable "shimmy" dress rolled her eyes in frustration but quietly approached his parents sitting together. "Would you mind awfully if I had Reginald to myself for up to an hour or so. I don't know if I can stop those dreams, but I have some ideas about how they might stop being so important to him." 

"Oh my dear," his mother replied festooned in her out of date matronly evening dress. "Whatever you could do to snap him out of this. . . , well I am afraid his father and I depend on you far too much. " 

"I'll do my best". She had often discussed with her school mates about how randy boys are at that age. Maybe she could appeal to that side of him to distract him away from his strange moods. Besides, he had never made a pass at her despite all her outrageous flirtations. She had him escort her to the frog pond in the summer moonlight first chatting her normal banter of local gossip. But in the same tone, she broke into a new and very personal topic. "Really, Reggie darling, I do worry about you so. Please forgive me for being so forward, but I really want to know. Do you ever wank?" 

It was too dark for her to see how deeply her escort blushed. "Really Katie, how embarrassing. That really is a forward question." He had not really answered the question and a silence ensued. "Well if you must know, every once in a long while, yes. I suppose all the chaps do. But I avoid that sort of thing as much as possible because who knows how obsessive one could be by sex." 

She giggled in her usual girlish adolescent way. "Oh darling, you shouldn't think about it that way. There is a whole new attitude after that awful war. Dr. Freud says how well we satisfy our sexual needs defines how well balanced our personalities will form. Havelock Ellis says boys and men who have not started marital relations should be relaxed enough to masturbate as much as they need to relieve sexual tension and for the sheer pleasure of it. The girls at school think that the chaps who wank with regularity are sweeter to their girls and will be more amorous when they marry. Plus we got a real kick out of imagining what it must be like to see them doing it". 

They both chuckled and giggled in unison by that remark. Her liberality seemed to loosen his tongue. "Oh Katie, you and that progressive school you went to. Mother would have a fright if she knew how modern you are. She would also have a fright if she knew the modern question I am about to ask you. " 

The young woman smirked with excited anticipation. "And what, pray tell, is your modern question?"

"Do you ever open wide those adorably splendid legs of yours and reach down to fondle yourself, you know, to the kind of climax you girls can enjoy?" 

Her eyes shone with delight in the moonlight by her escort's turn to lascivious inquiry. "Why Reginald, it seems you know more about the lusting side of females than one would ever have thought. Darling, its different for females, but yes, I have done the girl thing with my fingers." Her expression turned almost half-serious. "But we girls need some emotional inspiration. . . . . . Reggie we are not seen here by the pond, I would like to give you another present for your birthday. " The youth flashed her back an aggressive expression that revealed he knew what present she had in mind and he would be an obliging recipient. She silently dropped to her knees directly in front of him on the tiny pond-side beach. She started to unbutton his dinner jacket suit trousers. By about the third button, she suddenly stopped and looked up. Gazing directly into the eyes of her lover-to-be, she spoke nearly in a whisper. "Darling, let's do this with you in the altogether. I think it would be more exciting for the both of us if I did,. . gave you this birthday gift for the young man on his birthday and in his birthday suit." 

They both smiled and she raised herself to help himself out of his semi-formal attire and all the rest of his clothes. In the glimmer of the moonlight she could see revealed to her for the first time the chiseled flesh and bone of the 5' 10" scrappy rugby player, with some marks on his body endured from usually larger framed opposition players. She had to fight back the tears of joy for finally being in the presence of a beautiful nude male in her young life. Another first, she grasped a mature male organ to gently pull him to seat himself on the cool sand. She made sure his legs with hardened thighs were spread open enough to allow herself good venue. She loved the pliability and thickening toughness as it livened with new excitement by her exploring fingers. It was the growing heat of the thing more than anything else that triggered the flow of juices between her own legs. She would release it from time to time to gently fondle the orbs below that buzzed with such excited electricity. She could not resist running her finger tips through his short but fuzzy dark blond pubic growth. 

After a time she stroked the 7" straight and slender heated staff faster and with greater intensity, becoming impatient to see the climactic man fluid that would erupt from the "eye of the monster". He cooed his soft moans of approval all the while. He groaned his pleasure when that moment finally came and she closely inspected how each shot of semen splattered about his torso and then lower abdomen. She went to the pond to scoop handfuls of water to clean him off while her subject basked in the delirium of post-coital relaxation. When she finished, she approached him to kiss him, but he raised himself to walk over to a clump of rushes and with his fingers raise his now flaccid member and pee into the growth. She watched the naked youth while still seated and listened carefully to the piddling noise. It never occurred to her before how blissful urination could be. She thought how wonderful it would be for all the future occasions there would be to observe her naked lover relieve himself in her presence. She smiled to herself that it would even warrant grabbing hold of her sketch book and pencils for the occasion. 

He sat next to her again after he knelt to rinse his hands in the waters of the pond, and they kissed passionately for the first time. She snuggled warmly in the arms of her naked friend. She became anxious that he might be getting cold without apparel in the night air and started to rub her hands and arms about him. She noticed his lovely gender organ began to get perky again. She gazed directly into his eyes. "Darling, please promise me you will think of me at least sometimes when you wank. And please consider doing it frequently. Maybe you won't have those silly dreams so often." 

But the dreams didn't stop. He did wank more frequently, but he never thought of Katie, whom he had never been especially attracted to. His dreams became more vivid, more sensual, and then flagrantly erotic, but still mysterious. There was a presence in his night slumber. It was never fully defined, but somehow he felt drawn to it and enthralled by it far more than he thought would ever be possible with a female. It was ominous and he sensed horribly animal-like in dark shadows. Yet he felt himself beautifully sensual and admired by an entity of great power that somehow made humans seem individually insignificant. He would awaken to find himself naked and his pajama pieces kicked away. He would find himself covered with the sticky remains of great sexual discharge from apparently profound nocturnal emissions -- far greater increments of fluid from male sexual climax than would be released during what had become his routine bouts of masturbation. Fortunately he was able to conceal the effects of his involuntary sexual episodes from his dormitory mates. 

His father wanted him to attend his alma mater at Cambridge. But he convinced the older man that schools in the city offered much more practical curricula for career pursuits at the time. So his parents enrolled him in London at the School of Economics. The father privately hoped that the hustle and bustle of the city would protect the lad from the craven and immoral lust of one who would corrupt him into unspeakable acts of debauchery. Their domain seemed to be a rural and more isolated one. It was no surprise that the lad did well at school. Only trimming but never completely cutting back his locks, his mates called him "the shaggy brain" and he was pleased to assume an eccentric persona. 

It was late October, after the mid term. Most students left the campus for a long weekend to spend with family or friends. It was an especially balmy autumn with stunning blue skies and starlit nights. Reggie's first night home, he seemed exhausted from his exams and excused himself to retire early that night. 

He did not know how long he had been asleep when he awoke knowing that his dreams would now lead to a bizarre destiny of enchantment in reality. He was awake but in sort of a trance. He had not drawn the curtains to his bedroom windows, so his room was bathed in moonlight. He did not even notice that he had not donned pajamas that night, but had been sleeping in the nude. He wrapped himself only in his mid weight house coat and prepared to leave the house. His lovely ivy covered brick home was in a London suburb, adjacent to the small manor park of a friendly neighboring viscount. It was at the spacious lodge house on the edge of the manor property, adjacent to his father's house, that the birthday celebration had been held for him two months earlier. It was across the moon lit lawn of his father's home to the lodging house that the mesmerized student was sauntering to. His father glanced at his son out the window headed toward the neighboring shelter. His first impulse was to sprint and catch up with him, but he feared his intervention would eventually be met with harmful reprisals for the both of them. The moonlight was bright enough that he could see that under the house coat, his son was wearing no pajamas. He felt powerless to prevent his own flesh and blood from reducing himself to a Faustian arrangement of great perversity. 

The French doors from the side terrace were unlocked and the hypnotized youth let himself in easily enough. The large parlor was poorly lit but for the fireplace which crackled with a hearty blaze. He could make out a vague animal apparition to one side of the mantle by the light of the fire, mostly a furry midsection and that thick dark serpentine phallus that the light of flames danced against in an unworldly entertainment, the sight of which only deepened the spell over the mentally captive youth. "Master!"

"Yes, my beauty. You have come face-to-face with your master at last. I am the beast from that race of incubus that you will love and worship for the rest of your days." The creature spoke in a low-pitched raspy voice with a strange accent of flattened vowels, almost American. "I need not tell you. You know what to do to reward my hospitality." 

The spell bound young man untied his house coat belt and raised it so that it would slide off his shoulders and slip to the floor, revealing all the unconcealed well-formed young masculine charms that the beast had longed and lusted for so patiently for so many months. 

The beast responded with a slow approving guttural snarl. "Oh my beauty, there is nothing about you that disappoints me. You are mine now and must do everything I say. Come here to the sofa and stretch yourself out on it facing up, so I can inspect all about you that is treasure for my kind that seeks out delicious human flesh." 

The defenseless young neophyte did as he was told, his heart pounding all the while. What did this hideous creature mean by "delicious"? He was afraid as he never had been before but was ambiguously enervated by a potent sense of life affirmation. He took delight in all the intense scrutiny by dark bright eyes hungrily ogling all his exposed flesh. He craved to get tactile with that sinuous animal phallus. He didn't care that his own gender organ thickened and lengthened by a stimulus that was more intensely sexual than he had ever known. He shifted himself on the elegant antique "Empire" French style settee so that he was supine, available, and utterly defenseless to the advances and possible physical assaults of an inestimable power-house of furry hovering monster. 

By the light of the fire, he could make out a drooling dog's snout with sharp teeth. Long flat human ears adorned the side of a large wide head, except the top ends pointed long and sharp over the scalp. The coal black eyes of the beast were wide open in excitement, surrounded by gleaming yellow where the whites would be in human eyes. The youth's heart pounded to the extent he feared that it would burst. The craven creature bent down from the waist, squinting a grotesque sinister expression, growling almost in a whisper. Suddenly a thin long forked tongue shot forth in and out twice to quickly swipe first one and then the other of the youth's two available masculine orbs encased in their scrotal sac. Just as quickly the bright red tongue shot out again, this time to instantly wrap itself like a candy cane stripe about the shaft of the youth's male organ that was straining with such ardor in the excitement of the moment. With a grip just strong enough to evoke great pleasure, the tangle of the tongue stroked the length of greatly sensitive aroused flesh up and down at the frantic pace of the piston of a motor car. 

"Oooooooaaaaaaaaaaahh", the young man cried out in his manipulations to unsurpassed pleasure. It seemed like hours, but it was less than a minute before the fiercely pumped up tension of his young loins exploded its ejaculation from the gaping opening at the end of his fiercely exercised member. Great viscous shots of his ample male climactic squirt burst forth with several wet impacts about his chin, chest, nipples and even some of the fur of the beast. He swooned and relished every one of countless dozens of spasms of orgasmic ecstasy, each shot through with a heated electricity that would thrill him up his spine to his scalp and down his legs to his curled toes. The flicking tongue of the beast lapped up all the many little puddles of his charge's sexual frenzy, and he purred a throaty moan of approval with the flavor of each morsel of fresh effluence. 

When he was satisfied he had ingested it all, the creature positioned himself over the head of the obedient protégé and bent his knees enough so that his grizzled and lewd but fascinating phallus could be grasped and fondled. The haunting earthy scent was the elixir that reinforced the heavy spell of mesmerism that bonded the captured naked male to his captor with such sensual fervor and adoration. The male organ of the captive unabashedly and quickly livened again in appreciation. He squirmed his hips and and ground his buttocks into the plush upholstery. "Yes, my beauty! The awful dangler of the beast is something you will always crave now. You now desire your little backside vessel to be filled by it, even if it means your very visceral stamina will be torn asunder." 

Despite the sumptuous and pleasing drug that clouded his mind, the nude captive suffered a flash of anxiety. "Will you hurt me?" 

The beast responded, breaking out in a snarling laugh. "Ha! Ha! It could kill you, if I had half a mind to. There would be nothing you could do about it. What difference does pain make when your whole life is devoted to serving the pleasure of the beast, the race of the incubus, and the prince of darkness who is master of us all. Now let us stop being silly and get off that sofa. Step to the hearth of the fireplace and assume what you know to be the position to be supplicant to the beast." 

The youth scrambled off the couch and quickly assumed a doggy position on his knees and hands on the hearth stones, quivering in anticipation of a noteworthy and ardently physical rite of passage seldom applied to any human males. 

"Rest your front on the stones and reach back to spread your lovely buttocks, so that I may better inspect your tiny portal that I intend to ravish with my randy battering beast branch." The drugged youth did as he was told, and almost instantly he felt the slimy red forked tongue easily breach and insinuate his small private barrier and intimately fondle a tight domain seldom explored by even medical insertion. The neophyte moaned with the pleasure of it all and it only enhanced his desire to be victim to an insidious militant's most rapacious assaults. When the slender wet appendage was withdrawn, the victim of unremitting hypnosis re-assumed his contrite stance. 

He did not dare look back, but heard his assailant shuffle about and felt his hairy touch as he maneuvered to mount a naked male human as if he were a female animal. The dangling phallus had now swollen and stretched its thick black and blue. It lunged its powerful hips forward and the helpless young man let out a scream of pain. He wailed his distress as his tiny rectal passage into his bowels and beyond was stretched and impaled by a murderous penetration. It was a moment of reverential masochism, however. This was by far the most meaningful moment of his life: to be naked, completely helpless, and skewered and pummeled alive by a fiendish power that had selected him especially for such majestic indignities. The beast growled and barked to the pleasure of the tight orifice against his voracious appendage. The burning and cramping were nearly overpowering for Reginald, but also somehow intensely desirable. He looked down on the hearth stones and saw the tell-tale signs of his own ecstasy. In fact, he was climaxing multiple times. He did so for the last time when the beast howled and shuddered his own massive explosion of bucketfuls of monstrous liquid seed. 

It withdrew from the exhausted man and helped him up, murmuring unintelligible encouragements. He saw to it that his charge hastily wrapped himself in his house coat again and sent him off to stagger across the lawn to return to bath and bed. "Listen carefully in your dreams, my lovely one", the beast whispered in his gravelly snarling tone. 

It took nearly a half hour for exhausted Reginald to make his way into the house and upstairs to his bedroom. He felt refreshed after a quick bath and drifted off into deep 'REM' sleep in a matter of minutes. The shadowy gray landscapes returned to him in his dreams. This time the beast with all his incubus features appeared to him from out of the dense mist completely lucid. It seemed completely natural to himself that he would be nude in the dream that his new master would explain so much about their ensuing relationship. "Yes, my beauty, you are right in your suspicions. Now that you are devoted to my every whim and the needs and purposes of all in my race, you will learn of your initiation into our cult of whom the great master is the prince of darkness in the world, himself. Yes, there is a connection to your father, who was first seduced by a high master of our race many years ago when you were a small lad, in our remote eastern lands. Perhaps because he was older, and he was never made to fraternize with other humans of our cult, he was reluctant to give his son over to our beautiful order of darkness and shadows. But I will tell you this, my handsome young novice, under our protection, we had your father transferred from the trenches to his desk editing job in London, less than one year into that war where humans slaughtered each other with such disgusting alacrity. We, of the prince's orders, look to the survival of our own." 
