 In the previous part, I met a handsome bear at a gay sauna who was covered in tattoos and piercings all over his body. His cock had a PA and beads running down the length of his cock, and I performed fellatio on him at the sauna, in front of a crowd, till he came in my mouth. He then asked me to come with him to his place to which I happily obliged.

**************

We changed and walked out of the sauna to his car. After a 20-minute drive we reached a nice apartment building which he called home. He looked me in the eye and said,

"You sure about this? You walk in and I'll change your life forever whether you like it or not."

"Umm..I guess so. I mean, umm, yes I am sure." I replied meekly.

A big grin spread across his face and I realised how beautifully captivating his eyes were. They were brown, expressive and had a glint to them that gave him a kind look, despite his appearance. He leaned forward and pulled me closer to his mouth by grabbing my nape with his hand and kissed me. All my inhibitions of walking into a stranger's house immediately vanished and I swear, my asshole twitched a little.

He then asked me to strip my pants, take off my underwear and put my pants back on, before stepping out of the car. I have a repressed kinky side that I've never had the courage to explore and doing this, taking off my underwear in a car in front of a man, made me crazy horny. I did as he asked and he asked me for my underwear. I gave it to him and he stuffed it into his pants pocket before we stepped out of the car.

I have never gone commando outside in public and it was a strange feeling. The fabric of the jeans was rubbing across my cock and balls and added with the erection I was sporting, it was making things uncomfortably difficult to not pass out of anticipation. We stepped into the lobby and he pressed the button for the elevator. When we entered the elevator, it was empty and he pressed the button for the 5th floor. As the elevator started climbing up, I felt my beast walk behind me and slowly slipped his hand inside my pants and started rubbing my ass with his hands. I was so worked up that I reached back to stroke his cock but he made a growling sound and it made me keep my hands to myself. When we reached his floor, he didn't pull his hand out and started pushing me out of the elevator by grabbing my butt harder and applying force on it. I was petrified that someone would see us but oddly enough, the though of that gave me some tingling feelings. On reaching his door, he pulled his hands out of my pants, unlocked the door and invited me in.

It was a cozy 1-bedroom apartment but it was obvious that a man's man lived here. The decoration and the interiors reflected the bachelor life, sparse and coarse, but he did live a luxurious life as evident by the myriad of tasteful electronics in the house. I sat down on his leather couch as he walked in to his kitchen and grabbed 2 beers. For the next 20 minutes or so, we chatted about our lives. His name was Atul and I told him mine (Abhishek). It was fun being able to chat so openly with someone, even with all the sexual tension in the room. We went through 2 beers each before he suggested that I should freshen up. 

I walked into his bathroom and as I tried to close it, I realised there was no lock. I asked him and he smilingly replied that he didn't need locks so he didn't' have any besides the main door. So, I walked back into the bathroom, got naked and started showering. Since my back was facing the door, I didn't realise he had walked in until I felt his hairy chest on my back. He started nibbling my neck as he ran his hands through my body before landing on my nipples. Since I am a chubby guy, I have man-boobs and he started squeezing and twisting them like they were oranges. I was moaning as he rubbed them before he spun me around, pushed me against the wall and started nibbling and sucking on my right boob. I was delirious from pleasure and I could feel my precum running down the length of my thighs. Surprisingly though, every time I tried to reach for his cock, he would slap my hand away or make a disapproving noise. On my fourth attempt, he looked up and told me to stop and not to disobey him. Something about his tone was so dominating that I instantly mellowed down. He was the alpha, the man and I was his plaything. And that felt so good.

As his onslaught on my boobs continued, his hand meandered down to my butt where his finger started circling my hole. After a minute of teasing, he started pushing his thick finger in. I have been fucked before but since it had been a while and he had really thick fingers, I started to whimper. Almost immediately, he pulled my head to his neck and started licking my earlobes, soothing me. His finger didn't stop moving inside me though. After some time, a second finger was added. I was a bit more at ease so when I felt the second one sliding in, I gasped and shuddered. His finger started moving in and out faster, while he kept playing with my boobs with the other hand and all of this stimulation made me on the verge of coming. Without saying anything, he sensed it and suddenly yanked his fingers out and stepped back. It was so cruel that I was a bit hurt and he realised that. He came closer again, kissed me and said, "I don't want you to cum yet."

We stepped out into the living room where we started making out again. We were kissing each other before I felt him pushing me down into the couch, missionary style. As soon as he was on top of me, he detached from the kiss and grabbed a tube from the table next to the couch. He pushed out lube and started coating his cock with it, generously. He applied some lube on my hole and fingered me for a while to get it all slick and ready. I knew what was coming, I was just scared of his pierced cock entering me. Soon he was on top of me again and as he got into position, I started relaxing to take him in. Now, I don't indulge in unprotected sex. Up until that point, I had only had bareback sex once in my life which was my first time. But I couldn't ask him to put on a condom. Just knowing that I wanted to feel that metal inside me, the piercing against my prostrate and those beads against my anal wall, made me kept my mouth shut. 

He first entered the PA in, which went in easier than I imagined it would be. His head started going in next and it was a rough one. The pain was powerful and I was whimpering. He was very patient and he stayed put, nibbling my neck and licking my nipples. All this while, he didn't move in. After a short while, he started applying more pressure and more of his cock went in. The initial pain was gone but it was still an uphill battle. I fought through the pain, focusing on the feel of metal as it pierced through my hole and after a while, I felt the hilt of his cock. Holy shit, he was all in!

He slowly pulled out all the way, only to go back in again. He was very gentle as there was some residual pain from his size and the piercings. In a while, I felt the pain going, replaced with a euphoria of erotic arousal as I felt the piercings rubbing against my prostrate and my anal wall. I was ecstatic and I leaned forward to kiss him. I kissed him with a violent passion and my change in demeanour made him all too excited. He grabbed my ass, pulled out and then slammed in. The pain mixed with pleasure made me scream and I wrapped my legs around his butt, trying to pull him into me. He was all too happy to oblige as he went from a gentle bear to a ravaging beast. The noises that were coming from the slapping of his thighs against my ass, my moans and his grunts were obscene and turning us both on to the extreme. 

But I wanted my share of fun too, so I asked him to stop. He was a bit stunned as I pushed him out of me and stood up. But his stunned expression gave way to a wicked smile as I got on all fours and asked him to mount me doggy style. He mounted me and my big beast started ramming into me. As his thrusts increased, I couldn't hold back and started to cum. My ass started to spasm too and I felt him increasing his pace. As I came down from the high of my ejaculation I heard him muttering,

"Gonna cunt you, will make you mine"

And with that, he pushed all the way in and I felt him spasm, signalling his ejaculation. He rested against my back, his cock still inside me and sweat pouring off of both of us. He pulled out of me and sat down on the couch as I sat down next to him. I could feel his cum running out of my asshole and felt at bliss. He was covered in sweat when he wrapped me in his arms and kissed me. He dipped his finger near my hole, grabbed some of his cum and fed it to me. In the past, something like this would make me disgusted but with him, it was natural. It felt like nourishment that I needed to have from my beast. I knew it then, I was never going to find someone who could do me like that. What I didn't know was that not only would he be the best lover but the guy who changed my life.

After our first round of sex, we both hit the shower and soaped and cleaned each other off. He asked me to stay for the night and I was more than happy to do so. When we stepped out of the bathroom, he told me to follow him to the bedroom. His bedroom had a massive king size four-poster bed which he asked me to lie down on my back. When I did as he said, he asked me, 

"Do you trust me?"

"Yes", I said.

He pulled out some ropes and started to tie my hands and legs to the corners of the bed before grabbing a black bag from his closet. When he pulled out the items from the bag, I was alarmed.

In front of me were forceps, tweezers, a piercing gun and some anaesthetic. As my focus moved from those to my beast, I saw him wearing black leather gloves. He came close to me, gave me a wet kiss and said,

"Boy, don't worry. If it's too much, just say and I'll stop. But, if you let me, I'll give you something you would never have in that life you had before tonight. I'll give you happiness."

He was right. I just didn't know it yet.