 I could hardly breath, his thick forearm, pressing hard on the back of my neck, driving my face into the sanitized cotton pillow at the hotel room near the airport. An inconspicuous place full of the unfaithful searching for anonymity, lust and release from the humdrum of their lives. Looking for the gratitude and love that was in short supply in a world too busy for the frailties and subtleties of human emotions. 

My body was drenched in sweat, mine and his, as he pistoned his thick bear cock in and out of my willing ass. I humped and ground in sync with his muscular ministrations, willing his engorged tool, thick and warm with blood and lust deep into my soft, smooth rose petal ass, that I had so painstakingly shaven smooth as silk earlier that night.

I followed his instructions to the letter, because he owned me now. Of that I was certain. I had given up control months ago, mailing back and forth, desperate, in a heat so strong it blinded me to reality and common sense and left me trembling, weak, overcome with animal lust, a willing slave to be beckoned and controlled, fucked senseless whenever he desired. I spent a good hour in the tub, shaving my legs completely smooth, parting my ass and shaving all over, a pseudo Brazilian, my balls and shaft shaved clean and close.

I timed it to the minute so that I would be smooth when he picked me up in the hotel bar. I packed my bag carefully, the lingerie list he had given me was explicit and detailed and I wanted everything to be perfect. If I screwed up, he would beat me, not that I minded, but his size and strength were scary. Deep down, I wanted to be beaten, slapped, spanked, my balls squeezed and punched, wrestled, choked, battered into a orgasmic state of complete surrender. I wanted him to be happy and turned on by my carefully manufactured metamorphosis into a feminine object of carnal desire, but more than that I wanted him to own me. 

We walked without talking to the elevator up to our room, where wordlessly he opened the door and stepped confidently inside, his towering, muscular frame filling the doorway.

"Get dressed and come out here", he sneered with a twisted grin on his face, that said he owned me and intended to hurt me with desire tonight.

I stepped into the bathroom to get ready for him. In my bag was a kit for an enema, wipes, towels and lotions, in addition to expensive, silk lingerie from England, exactly as he had specified. I wanted to be really clean, so I showered afterwards and cleaned myself inside and out, before putting on a light layer of powder to dry off before getting dressed.

I selected white for the lingerie, as I was turned on by the virginal aspects of it and being dominated for the first time, in a sense it was a loss of innocence. He had asked me to purchase a garter belt, stockings, gloves, a string g string, high heel shoes and a corset to wear on top. One that laced up in the back, so that he could tighten it and give my chest a semblance of cleavage. I had shaved my chest and armpit hair, so I was smooth everywhere, but a small, heart shaped patch of pubic hair above my shorn cock and balls. 

It looked sexy, like a pussy and would feel hot under my silky lingerie. The hair was cut back, so that it presented a sleek, low profile. I was in very good shape and had been working out a lot, to look good in the sheer stockings I had purchased. I had gone for a manicure and pedicure earlier and felt incredibly clean and sexy getting ready to be fucked by my bear.

He was big, 6'5' tall and 260 lbs of hard muscle. He was bald and had powerful shoulders, thighs and thick chest muscles that were carpeted in a nice patch of slightly greying hair. I checked myself over in the mirror and liked what I saw. I had applied a deep red lipstick and make-up on my face and eyes. I looked slutty and I liked it. The lingerie felt amazing and my cock was already rock hard from the sweet sensations of the silk and the dirty thoughts racing around in my mind.

I trailed a finger slowly and seductively up the back of my leg, twirling it around the soft, gentle curve of my shaved ass and slowly rubbed my asshole through the sheer thong. With my other hand, I twisted my corseted nipple that was protruding outwards in lust and bondage.

"Hurry your ass up or I'll come in there and drag you out."

Secretly I wanted that so I deliberated more, playing with my swollen cock and sensitive nipples. The door burst open and he stood there glowering in a lust induced rage. He stared for a long time, looking me up and down.

"I'm going to enjoy fucking you tonight. You kept me waiting a long time and I'm not too happy about it, so you are going to get spanked, hard."

I just nodded, as he bent me over the sink and raised his hand slowly in the hair, then thwack, his hand cracked down hard through the air, smacking against my smooth ass.

I bent forward in pain, arching my back, my balls leaning into the countertop. He grabbed a handful of my hair and ripped my head back, swinging again, this time catching my balls. It really hurt, my ass and balls stinging. I loved it. He leaned into me, gripping my head hard, he whispered into my ear,

"Do you think I like waiting for you bitch?" I felt his hand slowly circling my hip, pushing the delicate lace of the silk white g string high on my hip. I shook my head.

"Speak bitch", he yelled pulling hard on my head, his hand reached forward, cupping both balls with ease. He had massive, strong hands that I loved.

"No, I don't think you like waiting."

He squeezed hard, pulling back my head so that I was looking up at the ceiling, back arched, legs and body twitching from the enormous pressure on my balls.

"No Sir"

"No Sir", I said breathlessly

"Louder bitch", his hand squeezing even harder lifting my nuts up into my stomach my head wrenched at an impossible angle, I felt my head spinning like I was going under.

"No Sir", I yelled with my last reserves

He threw me down on the floor. I lay there panting, shaking.

He sat on my buttocks, and begin tightening the laces on the corset. If you think this is too tight, too bad", he said laughing. He drew the strings so tight I could barely breath.

"Is that tight"?

I shook my head yes and laughing he drew the strings even tighter. My whole upper cavity was squeezed so tight I could barely breath.

"How's that? Is it too tight"?

I was afraid to answer in case I said the wrong thing, so I guessed and got lucky.

"It's only tight if you think so, sir", I yelled out loud with my last reserves of breath.

He flipped me on my back and in the same motion stepped on my balls, slowly putting his weight on me.

"I think that you and I should go into the room and you can show me how sorry you are. What do you think", he said smiling at me.

"Let me try to make it up to you sir", I gasped as he stood tall putting his 260 lb weight on my balls. The pain was enormous, but my cock was bursting with carnal lust. I loved being the submissive little slut for him. 

He reached down and grabbed me by the hair pulling me up and over his shoulders. His hand was quickly on my ass, squeezing and kneading my firm cheeks, rubbing my sweet rose through the thin strands of my thong.

He walked into the room with me draped over his shoulder, my ass being rubbed furiously, burning from the friction of his thick middle finger. He threw me on the bed and went to sit down on the large armchair in the room.

"Get me a drink and bring it over to me."

He had told me what he liked and how he liked it, so I slid off the bed and went over and mixed his vodka martini. I walked over to him, sitting in the large chair, massive legs spread wide upon, a beast waiting for his prey.

He was wearing nothing but high cut, cotton Calvin Klein's, his big balls bulging out of the underwear, cock thick and massive stretching the combed cotton to it's limit. His chest was thick and defined, covered in grey streaked curls, sweet nipples protruding out of the thick forest of chest hair that I dreamed of running my fingers through and lying on after a night of hard sex. 

I brought him his drink and stood in front of him, waiting as he sipped it slowly, watching me the whole time over the top of his glass. He nodded slowly and placed the half drained glass on the night stand adjacent to the tall lamp illuminating his rugged features and smoothly shaved head. He lifted one thick finger and motioned me forward.

Both of his powerful hands cupped my smooth ass, as he pulled my balls and cock into his face, rubbing his bristly face all over my aching cock and balls. On the night stand was a jar of lube. I watched as he dipped a finger in the jar and pulled out a healthy dollup of lube. His hand parted my thighs, slipping past the thin string, and slowly circled my puckered rose. I shuddered and moaned, bucking and arching. Any touch on my asshole made me crazy with lust, completely out of control.

He slowly inserted his thick finger and curled it tight pulling me forward and back, splayed on his finger like a caught prey. Gasping I grasped his head just behind his ears and leaned into his soft, full lips kissing him deeply as his finger spiraled deep into my ass, pushing me up onto my toes, our tongues entwined, his finger pushed hard into my prostate rubbing back and forth over the firm nub. I was shaking with lust, and close to coming from his touch, when he pulled out and dipped another finger in the jar of lube. Soon he had two fingers up there, then three, then four tapered into a pointed chisel that was driving into my hole, deep and wide. 

I was gasping, moaning and panting with wild lust as he slipped my cock out of the g-string and into his manly mouth, taking me all the way down my shaft, brushing against my soft pubic heart.

His lips were like velvet and his tongue like a clever serpent, snaking around my shaft and head,slowly licking and tweaking my delicate skin underneath my swollen head, gently pulling and sucking on the blood rich head of my now ready to explode cock.

His hand was literally lifting me off of my feet while his mouth was turning my cock into a raging hot, shaft of fire and then he bit down hard on the end of my cock while driving his hand up deep into my stretched ass. He pushed me back as I writhed in pain from his vicious bite on my cock. 

My eyes were watering, as he leapt to his feet and grasping me by the neck threw me back onto the bed. In a second he had leapt upon me knees astride my chest, his bulging manhood against the top edge of my corset. I lay there quivering, a horny scared slut, waiting to be fucked.

I stared shaking into his eyes that were blazing with a fiery lust. He was a man possessed and I his willing slut, waited anxious to be fucked into oblivion. His big balls were pressed against my chin, the soft, combed cotton of his Calvin's soft against my face. I could smell the powerful musk emanating from his beautiful, full balls and thick cock. He had my arms pinned and he just stared deeply into my eyes, burning into me, possessing me.

He slowly slid backwards, balls rolling over my corset and sliding seductively over my aching cock and balls, he moved back and forth grinding his cock against my silk clad cock. He leaned into me and kissed me hard, biting my lips and tongue, driving his tongue deep into my throat, sucking and licking my tongue and lips. I couldn't take it anymore. I felt like I was going to come when, sensing this he stopped and rolled off of me.

"When you come, it'll be in my mouth, or you'll get hurt. Do you understand slut?"

"Yes sir", I said nodding slowly. 

He stood in front of me, 6' 5" of massive bald, bear. He took his underwear off and I got a look at his glorious cock. It wasn't long, about 7 inches, but it was thick. He had a massive set of juicy balls, and a nice thick carpet of hair around his cock. His balls were shaved and a sweet pink color. I loved white cock.

I dreamed of cupping his beautiful balls in my hand, delicately caressing and sucking them like fine jewels. He walked around the bed and grabbing me by the hair, fed his cock slowly into my willing mouth. I lay on my side, slurping and sucking on his thick cock. I heard him moan and it made me work even harder, worshipping his beautiful tool.

He pulled hard on my hair and began pumping in and out fucking my mouth. I writhed and thrashed, a little bitch in heat, sucking and humping, desperate for a hand on my cock, something in my ass. He reached over me and began twisting my nipples, hard. I gasped in pain, momentarily losing grip on his raging tool with my horny little mouth. I felt his rage as he drove his cock into my mouth, gagging on it's girth and depth as he twisted both nipples hard side to side. They were burning hot and my balls ached for release from this sexual cataclysm.

He pulled out and flipped me on my belly. He took a pair of handcuffs and chained my hands to the bed.

"This pretty little ass looks like it wants to get licked, spanked, whipped, then fucked. What do you say to that bitch whore!"

I nodded afraid to speak.

I felt his hands on my silky smooth ass gently parting my firm cheeks. I had been working out like mad to get ready for this night. The first sensation was his hot breath on my smooth rose. I shuddered when his tongue gently flickered over my puckered asshole. He slowly swirled his tongue around pulling me wider for his sweet and gentle ministrations. 

I was burning hot with desire, dressed like a slut in a corset and stockings my string thong pushed to the side, balls wrapped in silk, my giant of a man, licking my sweet hole into a feverish state. I felt his tongue pushing into my hole, opening me up. His finger slid in and swirled around the opening spreading me wide for his probing tongue. I spread my legs as wide as I could and arched up for him. His tongue drove into my hole and my ass bucked and my body shuddered with an ancient ache. 

I'd been dreaming of this for years. He pulled my ass into his face and began licking and sucking my hole like a candied treat. I was sure I was going to cum any minute when without warning and seeming to sense that I was losing it, he stopped sucking my ass and exploded his hand in a flurry of vicious smacks against my buttocks. 

I lost count at 20 and began to cry in pain. My ass was burning and the intensity of his attack seemed to increase.

Finally he stopped and I lay there whimpering, tears streaming down my face. He pulled back on my hair and gently kissed my tear strewn face.

"I;m just getting warmed up, hope you're not tired,"

laughing he pushed my face back into the pillow. I heard a zipping sound and him reaching into a bag and pulling out a number of different things.

I heard it before I felt it. A sharp whistling sound, then the stinging thwack of a leather riding crop. I screamed in pain as he whipped it five times more through the air against my ruby red ass.

I was shaking from the pain now, as he stopped again and switched. I had no idea what was coming and with a whirring sound, a Cat-of-nine-tails stung my ass.

He was waiting as I shivered and tried to choke back tears. I didn't want to cry, but the pain was incredible. Again a whirring sound and "SMACK" hard against my ass. My head started to swim and I felt like passing out or throwing up.

He stopped for a moment and seemed to be waiting for me to come around or so I thought.

A hard leather paddle whipped through the air and I screamed loud and hard before passing out. 

When I woke up I felt his fingers sliding in and out of my soaking wet ass. He had lubricated my ass with tons of slick Ky and his fingers sloshed in and out of my widened ass. I moaned in pleasure, until the pain from his brutal assault on my ass, crept into my consciousness and I felt myself going under again.

"Oh no you don't. Don't think you can pass out on me again you fucking wimp."

He pulled my legs wide apart and moved up in between my legs. I felt his thick head against my hole and in one quick movement he was inside me. 

I was impaled on his thick cock and loving every delicious inch. My ass was stretched nicely and it didn't hurt like I thought it would. I was a bit numbed from the beating he had administered anyway. He grabbed my shoulders and began driving his thick cock deep into my hole grunting and groaning like an enraged beast. 

His pace quickened and he began pumping widely, pushing me hard into the mattress. I felt his thick forearm across the back of my neck as he pumped madly, and then a huge groan and a thick, warm stream of cum flooded into my ass. 

I clenched tight and pushed back into him, trying to hold on to every sweet drop. He collapsed on top of me and I lay still under him, enjoying the enormous pressure on my body.