 BEEP BEEP!

A honk sounded from the road and I jumped, startled by the sudden noise.

"Fuck," I swore, stuffing my spare clothes into my beach bag and hurrying to the door to slide on pink flip-flops. They were my sister's, not mine, but she said I could borrow them as long as I was going to the beach. I figured real men wear pink so hopefully they didn't earn me too much teasing.

I hastened down the walk to the road, trying not to trip over the undersized flip-flops and fighting to put on sunglasses with my beach bag swinging around my arm. Mark had gotten out of his car already and was waiting for me with a sly grin on his face. His smile widened and he tilted down his shades to get a better look at what I was wearing.

"Ha! You look like a girl, dude!"

"Fuck off," I grumbled, feeling lucky I had my sunglasses to be surreptitious in looking him over in return. I'd been at college and it had been a while since I'd seen my best friend, a muscular, browned Asian guy. He had on swim trunks with one string still messily stuck in his waistband and a tank top that showed his thick, tanned arms. I'd always been jealous of his physique, being slender and white myself, and he knew it—it seemed nothing had changed when it came to the teasing. "They're my sister's, you know," I added as I pulled open the passenger door of his car and tossed in my beach bag.

"No, I mean, your trunks too," Mark laughed as he rounded his car. "They're a bit small for you, man."

"Yeah, yeah!" I said hotly, glancing down at the shorts that seemed to cling to my pale thighs. I hadn't gone swimming in a while, so yeah, maybe I was overdue for a new pair of trunks, but the beach trip had been a spur-of-the-moment idea. "Did you remember to get suntan lotion?" I slid into the passenger's seat, feeling uncomfortable as my shorts rode up and the back of my thighs rubbed against the leather beneath me.

"Yep. Parasol, towels, water, everything. Let's do it." Mark revved the engine and we were off, rolling the windows down to feel some air as we headed to the beach. We chatted a bit during the drive and I tried not to be obvious about watching him out of the corner of my eye. His haircut looked good, sending up a wave of black hair above his head. Girls probably got a handful of grease when they ran their fingers through it.

Before long we'd reached the beach and were heading down the steps in the burning heat. The beach of pale golden sand stretched out into the distance along the glittering blue bay. The weather was good, but there weren't that many people out for some reason.

"Wow, it's hot," I exclaimed, squinting up through my sunglasses at the sun. It seemed a lot more so now that I knew I was going to be out in it for a while. I'd gotten too used to the wind in Mark's car.

"Yeah, it's hot as balls," Mark exhaled. "It'll feel good after a while, though."

"Balls are supposed to be cool, you know," I got out, a little more awkwardly than I'd intended.

Mark looked at me, starting to grin. "What, your balls don't get sweaty as hell? How much hair do you have down there, man?"

"Don't ask that!" I scolded, flushing slightly. The week before I'd gotten fed up with all the hair down there and actually taken the time to shave my butt and my balls. It felt amazing to get drafts of air through my legs, but I didn't need Mark knowing that I'd done something like that. "L-look, there's a bunch of girls out today," I changed the subject.

Predictably he began scanning the beach, and I joined him in noticing a few groups of girls in bikinis lounging on towels not far away. My heartbeat quickened. There was a blonde one in an orange bikini whose glistening body looked fucking amazing even at this distance, and several shiny black girls lying on their stomachs with no tops on. Out on the water some guys were surfing the waves in their wetsuits.

"Should come here more often, huh?" Mark said with a sudden elbowing to my side that sent me off balance and stumbling out of a pink flip flop in the hot sand.

"H-hey, watch it!" I protested.

"Still haven't started working out, huh?" He laughed loudly. "You're still so light."

"I'm trying," I muttered. The truth was, I had actually been doing that, but every time I went to the gym and saw the shirtless guys all ripped and muscular I got frustrated that I was so far behind them and went home feeling bothered and flustered.

"How's here?" Mark queried suddenly.

I eyed our surroundings. "This is kinda far from the water. You just want to watch those black girls over there, don't you, Mark?"

He smirked at me. "Hey, if one of them turns over we have front row seats to some nice chocolate-covered strawberries."

"Ugh, you're so crude," I complained, putting my sunglasses up in my tousled hair and blinking in the sudden light. We laid out our towels first, then Mark stabbed a parasol into a stand to provide us some merciful shade. "Thank goodness," I said with relief as I slid into the cool shadow. The heat was oppressive today and my arms and legs were already shining with sweat.

"Alright, let's get this shit off," Mark said, fighting his tank top off. While it was over his head I chanced a look at his body, and ended up sucking in a breath of surprise. A sheen of sweat rippled across the contours of his muscular brown chest and abs, assets that looked like they belonged in a magazine for girls. Ohhh fuck. When had he gotten so toned there? And I noticed he wasn't bothering to hide the trail of black hair vanishing into his swim trunks, which seemed extra provocative.

"What, surprised?" I heard Mark's voice.

"Hm?" My eyes darted up to see a big smile on my best friend's face and I realized with horror that he'd caught me looking. "N-no!" I said, my face getting really hot all of the sudden. "I mean, sure. I didn't know you... you'd been working on all that." Fuck. This was so embarrassing. I averted my gaze and focused on pretending to sort through my beach bag.

"No, thanks, man, really," Mark chuckled. "I take it as a compliment. If I can get a look like that from you, I'm sure it can knock any girl out."

My mouth popped open and I turned to him once more, this time in protest. "I—I wasn't looking at you like that! It was an accident!"

"M-hm. I'm sure." Mark moved on, distractedly searching his own bag as I sat there defeated and blushing madly. Fuck fuck fuck. He had to make it weird. I should've known.

I bit my lip and went back to arranging myself, pausing for a moment before pulling off my own tank top. It was pretty embarrassing to be seen like this next to my muscular friend, but it might make it worse to act super timid about it. Mark noticed me nonetheless and commented,

"Lucky you're getting a tan on that today, buddy. You're looking a bit soft, don't you think?"

"N-now who's ogling who?" I shot back, but I didn't have much of an upper hand when he looked like that.

"Hey, just some advice!" Mark reasoned, raising his hands with a smile. "Don't want people calling my best friend a twink, after all."

"H-hey, what's that supposed to mean?"

"Twink—y'know, the boys in gay porn that—"

"I know what twink means!" I exclaimed frantically, feeling my face flush again. Fuck. Why did he even bring it up? I hated when stuff like sexuality came up because we'd always toss it around goading each other and being the more manly man Mark always seemed to come out on top. "Stop trying to say I'm gay, Mark! You know I'm not."

"I didn't say it!" Mark laughed.

"For all the times you bring it up, you're probably projecting." 

"I must be miserable then, fucking girls every week," he snorted. "And you're happy being a virgin, right?"

I glowered. "I told you not to bring that up."

"Oh, come on, dude!" My friend said in exasperation. "You can't say you're open about sex all the time and then be all weird about everything when we talk about it!"

"I—I am open!" I maintained, my voice taking on an embarrassing shrill tone. "I'm totally open. You're just a dick sometimes, okay?"

"Well, sorry, but we never get that tight as friends because you're always freaking out about stuff and start overreacting, man. Remember how you wouldn't share the showers with me at camp?" Mark raised an eyebrow, looking at me challengingly.

My mouth was open but I couldn't think of a response. "I... I don't..."

"C'mon, man. We both know you're too uptight. Let's be cool about stuff, alright? We're buddies."

"I can be cool," I pouted. "Don't make me sound like I'm an asshole. I'm cool about stuff."

"Yeah?" Mark pushed. "So we're going to put on suntan lotion, right, but I bet you're going to be weird about it. You are, aren't you?"

I paused, feeling my heartbeat begin to quicken again. Fuck, I hadn't thought of that. Yeah, suntan lotion stuff was super weird and uncomfortable. But I couldn't exactly make a big deal out of it now. "No. No, of course not," I rolled my eyes. "It's not a big deal, okay, Mark?"

"Well, alright then." He extended the bottle of suntan lotion to me. "Then would you mind doing me a favor and putting it on my back, buddy?"

Ohh fuck. He was looking at me with calm black eyes that said this was totally normal. He was going to get the wrong idea about me if I backed out now. "Y-yeah, fine," I muttered, quickly taking the bottle so he'd stop looking at me. "Just lie down, alright?"

"Cool," Mark agreed cheerfully, and wriggled onto his stomach. My face was flushed and my heart was beating but I forced myself to crawl over to him.

I cleared my throat nervously, grateful that he couldn't see my face. "H-how much do you want on?"

"A lot," he answered. "You know I don't burn, but I don't want to get black as hell when we're laying out in the sun. That would suck."

"R-right." I squirted lotion onto my bare hands and began rubbing them together, second thoughts flying through my brain. Mark's bare back gleamed with sweat right in front of me. There was no way this wouldn't feel weird, rubbing my hands on his body. But then, he was probably right, wasn't he? Guys did this for each other all the time. It was just his back, right?

I bit my lip and started, laying my bare hands onto Mark's sweaty back and beginning to spread the soft, warm lotion onto his brown skin. I could feel the grit of sand there beneath my fingers and seized on the subject to distract myself from what I was doing.

"How do you have sand on you already?" I murmured, rubbing my palms over his neck and round shoulders. "You're so sloppy."

"Don't know," my best friend answered, muffled by the towel beneath him. I squirted some more lotion into my hand and began working it onto Mark's arm, my fingers running up and down the length of his supple bicep. I blew air across my face, trying to stymie the incredible heat building there, and realized this could seem awfully strange to onlookers. Oh, fuck, what would the girls think if they saw this? I glanced around nervously at the other beachgoers. Luckily I didn't see anyone looking in our direction, so it seemed Mark and I had privacy for now.

I finished his forearm and quickly rubbed lotion onto his hand, trying to think of anything else when our fingers brushed together, and then moved onto the other arm. "Mmm. You're really good at this," Mark sighed through the towel. "Lotion feels great."

"Sure," I muttered, blushing. Don't make it weird. Don't make it weird. "I should charge you for this."

"Ha! Could you get my legs, at least?"

I stopped, bothered. "What, you can't do them yourself?"

"Well, yeah, but you might as well finish. Besides, the backs of my thighs are too hard to get."

I rolled my eyes. "Ugh. Fine. It's... it's just y-you're all... hairy, and stuff." I rubbed fresh lotion onto my hands and worked them up Mark's tanned calves, fighting my way through the thick hair. When I got to his thighs I kept going, feeling my nervousness rise but not wanting to slip up now. I worked my bare hands into his sweaty thighs a little bit higher than I might have needed to, my fingers slipping up inside his swim trunks, but I didn't want to risk not finishing the job. Noticing how thick and solid the muscles were within his thighs I cleared my throat nervously. "H-have you been biking?"

"Yeah. Not bad, huh? Glutes, too."

"Well, I don't w-want to see those," I groused.

Mark turned his head and looked back at me. "You might not have a choice. Don't you know about this beach?"

"W-what?" I stammered.

"You haven't heard? They just got some permit to make it clothing-optional after noon. Scared away all the families, and now a bunch of young people started coming for a full tan and to fool around a bit. Cops haven't caught on yet... or they just want to check out naked college chicks as much as anyone else."

"Y-you mean like a nude beach?" I got out, recoiling.

"Yeah, dude. And you know what? I'm thinking of tanning my ass, too."

"Ew," I squeaked. "You mean, like, take your pants off on the beach? Th-that's gross."

Mark laughed. "Yeah, man! C'mon, don't you want to live a little? Let's see if we can't get those girls to notice us!"

I glanced upward, fighting the flutter of my heart. "N-not really, Mark."

"Come on, man. Let's do it. At least finish everything, dude."

"Yeah, I don't know. Wait, what do you mean?"

Mark squinted back at me. "Well, if I'm going to have my pants off later I don't want to get burned there, either, do I? So finish with the lotion."

My mouth popped open. "Wh-where? On your—on your butt?"

"Don't make it weirder than it already is, dude," Mark grunted. "It's hard to get back there. I can't exactly check to see if I missed a spot."

"N-no, you know what, fine. You're the one who's got me doing this." I couldn't believe what I was saying, but my head was so hot I probably wasn't thinking straight. I just wanted this awkward moment to be over and didn't want Mark teasing me about rubbing lotion on him. "B-but I am not taking your trunks off. Just hold still."

Blushing furiously, I put my lotion-covered hands on Mark's lower back and worked my fingers into his waistband. My heart was pounding. I snaked my hands down the back of his pants, feeling my fingers and palms slide smoothly over my friend's firm, warm butt cheeks.

"Nn." I fought back a squeak. I just had to rub, so I quickly dug my fingers in and worked the lotion across Mark's butt beneath his swim trunks, my heart hammering in my chest every second. Every time my fingers pushed down into the back of his thighs I felt them brush into a thick jungle of hair and I flinched, quickly withdrawing them. The lotion made everything so slippery. My palms dragged against the fold where his butt met his thighs and I realized I was pushing harder than I intended. Why was his ass so firm?

Fuck, I needed to get out of there. I finished up and withdrew my hands from within Mark's swim trunks with a snap of his waistband. "Th-there," I breathed softly. "A-all finished, okay, M-Mark?"

My friend groaned and rolled over onto his back. "Ohhh fuck, that felt good. Thanks, man."

I bit my lip as he saw my face—I was obviously blushing like crazy. "Y-yeah, well, you're welcome. But it was weird, alright?" I handed him back the lotion bottle.

He grinned a little bit when he saw my blush and then began rubbing the lotion onto his chest and stomach. "No, I see that. It's embarrassing, I get it. But you did a good job. Hey, I can return the favor if you want some lotion on you too. You look like you burn in a second, dude."

I glanced at the various girls nearby again. They didn't seem to mind. I shouldn't have been so worked up; obviously no one else thought anything of this. It was probably pretty normal. Finally I relented in a quick gasp. "Um, y-yeah, I guess. Whatever, alright?"

"Lie down," Mark told me.

Shit. Well, if I could give I could get, right? I'd earned it. I lie down on my towel nervously. I suddenly tensed up as I heard him shift over to me. My bare back and legs were exposed to him. It felt really, really weird lying there so vulnerable. And he was about to put his hands on me, too. Fuck, I had to relax. "Ready?" I heard my best friend say.

"Y-yeah," I murmured breathlessly. I had butterflies in my stomach.

I felt Mark's hands on my calf and flinched. "Y-you're starting with the legs?"

"No sense in forgetting. Huh. Damn, you're like hairless, dude. Your thighs, too." I felt Mark's thick, powerful fingers begin digging into the back of my thighs and I couldn't help squirming. "Not trying to be mean but that's kind of girly, dude."

"I c-can't help it!" I mumbled into the towel. Why the fuck had I put myself in this position? I was on my stomach while my friend groped my bare thighs, and he was teasing me while he did it! Mark did my back next, and my arms, and then he needled,

"Well, think you're gonna want to try it too?"

"Try what?"

"Y'know, taking those shorts off for a real tan. Giving the beach something to look at."

I blushed but luckily Mark couldn't see my face from behind. "Why would I want to be nude in public?"

"Hey, first step is confidence, man. And you can stay on your stomach if you want. I thought you wanted to be a big man."

"That doesn't make any sense," I muttered, but now that he'd put it that way that was the way things would be as far as the two of us were concerned. I'd be a pussy if I didn't at least try to join him. "I'm not going to say I am, okay?" I ventured hotly. "But I might."

"Yeah? Alright, hold still, then."

"W-wait!"

It was too late. Mark lifted my swim trunks and I felt his hand slide down the back of my pants. Mark's large, rough palm and fingers sunk into my bare butt, and I felt his fingernails brush my sweaty skin. "Mmn!" I squeaked.

I was trembling as his other hand followed, and both of them were so large that my tiny swim trunks were stretched to the breaking point. Mark's hands worked across my butt cheeks, rubbing in suntan lotion, and I felt fingers slip into my butt crack a few times. I arched my butt up in the air as he touched me. "Nng! Mmn!" I was making little squeaking noises that I couldn't help, and I had to clap a hand across my mouth. I couldn't take this.

Then his sweaty fingers were pushing south, across the folds at the bottom of my butt and onto my thighs, and back up. He dragged a finger through the slick folds, and then to my horror I felt Mark's fingers dig into my taint.

"No hair here, either, huh? Did you shave, or what?"

"Mmg! Y-yeah," I whimpered, unable to think. "Y-yeah, I sh-shaved it."

"Kinda weird, dude. But I'm not gonna judge." His rough hands kept molesting the soft, bouncy skin of my bare butt and I was powerless to stop him. Involuntarily, my butt arched up in the air for him more and more as he groped me. Then, finally, he did one more slide across my butt cheeks before he finally pulled his hands out of my pants. "Alright, dude, all done. Sorry if that was weird for you."

Um, yeah. As he let me go I sunk down into the towel, gasping for air. I could hardly breathe and my heart was racing in my chest. My head was spinning. Mark's hands had been down my pants. He'd been... he'd been touching me in places I never imagined him touching. Fuck. Fuck fuck...

Mark brushed off his hands. "Are you gonna finish your chest, bro?"

"W-what? Oh. Y-yeah," I managed in a breathy, girly voice. I hadn't been able to pull myself together yet. But I did sit up, and with a furious blush I accepted the bottle from Mark's slippery fingers and finished my chest. Still feeling violated, I glanced over at Mark's body again and noticed he hadn't even finished the lotion on his chest. When I pointed it out he looked down in surprise.

"Oh, yeah." He did a careless rub but it was bothering me so much that I crawled over to him, trying to get my wits about me.
