 I have always been a very tightly-wound guy. As a kid I had to be good in class, in college I was one of the best on campus and at work, I toiled harder than anyone around me. I am also a very introverted guy and can't speak to people about my problems, a trait that has caused me to bottle up a lot of anger and misery inside of me.

My story starts on a Wednesday. It was late in the evening and my boss had just handed me a pile of work that would take me a couple of hours to get through. I was miserable and depressed at that point. Here I was, a 25-year-old hot chub with a smooth chest and a bubble butt, spending my days at work. Sex had been non-existent these last few months. I finished work at 9:30 pm and instead of going home, decided to pop by a gay sauna to relax.

I reach the sauna and grab a locker key from the front desk. After changing into nothing and wrapping a towel around me, I headed down into the sauna. Being a weekday, it was relatively empty which was a real downer. I figured I would just sit in the sauna for an hour and if nothing happens, just leave.

I was sitting in the steam room at the sauna, alone and quiet when the door opened and a big guy walked in. He was a bearish guy, mid40s, with hair all over his front and back, a full beard and a bald head. But what really made him stood out were the ornaments on his body. Underneath all that hair was a myriad of tattoos that covered any visible skin. Additionally, he had quite a lot of piercings on him. His ears, eyebrows, tongue and nipples were pierced, with weights attached to the nipple piercings. I had never seen a man with piercings, let alone a hot man and it was also a bit intimidating. He sat down opposite me and threw his head back enjoying the steam. I was so horny, I couldn't stop staring at him and almost didn't hear him speak.

"Hi, like what you see?"

I could barely mumble a reply before he decided to put on a show for me. He started rubbing his crotch while looking me straight in the eye. Something about that gaze was so strong that I couldn't look away. After a minute of him doing so, he made a 'come-here' motion with his finger and I willfully obliged. I sat down next to him and he leaned forward and started to kiss me. The power of his tongue, the scent and taste of smoke and beer from his mouth and the piercing drove me crazy. He used his tongue to fuck my mouth and his sloppy kissing started causing him to drool from the side of his mouth. He broke our kiss to wipe off the drool using his finger and then pushed the finger into my mouth. I am not sure why but him doing so made me feel an odd sense of contentment. I felt like a puppy, looking at his master for nourishment and just wanted to leash myself to him.

We started chatting and exchanged names. He was an event planner and musician and was a trained tattoo and piercing artist. Talking to him was easy and I was at ease. It felt like the sadness and anxiety within me went away as I was talking. I asked him about the piercing and he said that the piercings were a form of expression for him. I couldn't hold myself back and asked him if there were any piercings below the towel. He smiled and removed his towel.

Holy Crap!

His cock was not only huge while soft but it looked like a battering ram. He had a PA on the top and beads pierced along the entire length of his cock. I was mesmerized by that beauty and almost fainted when he nudged my head towards his cock with his hand. He asked me to look at it and lick along the sides and his balls. It was pure bliss. The smell of sweat and musk with pheromones, was making me go nuts and I licked his balls for 15 mins. Usually, I am not much of a ball licker and don't focus too much on it but with him, it was different. His balls alone made me want to worship him like a God. After licking his balls to his pleasure, he guided my lips to the top of his cock and I started licking his head and PA. The feel and taste of metals that's absorbed a man's musk is incredible. I started taking him inside but it was difficult with his PA and the beads. He noticed my discomfort and asked me to slowly try and not to rush it. Apparently, most first-timers have a problem in their first try and it gets better and easier with subsequent attempts (He told me this later but that's a different story). I am a competitive guy so not being able to do something only makes me want to do it more. So I powered through. I relaxed my throat and took him in, slowly but steadily. It took me a while and a couple of gags but finally, I felt his pubes tickling my nose. Victory!

I hadn't realised this but my gags and slurping had attracted a bit of a crowd who were now standing in the room, watching me take this pierced beast in my mouth. My man is a bit of an exhibitionist and along with my ability to take him all in drove him nuts too. He started to mouth-fuck me slowly, pushing me down till the hilt and then letting go for a fraction of a second before repeating the process. The crowd grew agitated, I increased my pace and with a roar, he erupted in my mouth. Too say it was a lot would be an understatement. His cum dribbled down the side of my mouth and fell on his feet. I dove straight down to lick it all up, giving his feet a nice tongue bath.

The crowd dissipated and he pulled me next to him. With his arms around me, he caught his breath and started to stroke me. Right before I was about to cum, he removed his hand and grabbed my face with his hands.

"Come with me to my place."

I didn't say no, I couldn't think about it.

We changed and walked out of the sauna to his car. After a 20-minute drive we reached a nice apartment building which he called home. He looked me in the eye and said,

"You sure about this? You walk in and I'll change your life forever whether you like it or not."

I didn't know it at that point but he did change my life in more ways than one.