 After our first round of sex, we both hit the shower and soaped and cleaned each other off. He asked me to stay for the night and I was more than happy to do so. When we stepped out of the bathroom, he told me to follow him to the bedroom. His bedroom had a massive king size four-poster bed which he asked me to lie down on my back. When I did as he said, he asked me, 

"Do you trust me?"

"Yes", I said.

He pulled out some ropes and started to tie my hands and legs to the corners of the bed before grabbing a black bag from his closet. When he pulled out the items from the bag, I was alarmed.

In front of me were forceps, tweezers, a piercing gun and some anaesthetic. As my focus moved from those to my beast, I saw him wearing black leather gloves. He came close to me, gave me a wet kiss and said,

"Boy, don't worry. If it's too much, just say and I'll stop. But, if you let me, I'll give you something you would never have in that life you had before tonight. I'll give you happiness."

I was equal part turned on and terrified of what he was going to do to me. Yes, I've always wanted to have piercings but it's always been a fantasy. Even in college, I backed out of getting my ear pierced because I was worried about what others might say. But, tied down to a bed with a beautiful beast standing and assuring, helps you relax. I simply nodded my head and waited with anticipation.

He rubbed the anaesthetic on my nipple before piercing them. The pain was surprisingly less than what I was expecting. In quick succession, my ears were also pierced. He asked me if I wanted a piercing in my genital area but I asked him to wait. I was going to do it, just not that day.

He untied my arms and legs before sliding next to me in bed and wrapping me in his arms. His chest hair tickled my back and the comfort of it made me feel at peace. We stayed like that, just listening to each other breath and cuddling. I could not hold back and thanked him. He was very confused by my thanks as I explained the catharsis I was experiencing. I could not have done what he did to me by myself. But by him taking that choice away partially and making that choice for me, helped me in finding peace. It's a weird sentiment to experience, peace, but that's what it was. A big, strong man was making my choices, giving me instructions and orders and submitting and listening to them gave me a sense of peace and joy. It was like a piece of a puzzle had fallen into place and the whole picture made sense all of a sudden.

I was blabbering all of these when he leaned over and kissed me again. It was an aggressive kiss, a kiss by a man reminding of his alphaness. I have never been kissed like that and it was simply incredible.

He then asked me to walk with him to the living room. On entering the room, he made me stand in the centre and he made my stand with my arms up. There were two hooks on the ceiling from which chains were dangling which were promptly attached to my arms. Chains were attached to my legs to hold me in place as my beast went to his bedroom, leaving me buck-naked and tied with chains. When he came back, he had a flogger in his hand and a small bag. Inside the bag was a butt-plug, cock rings and a ball gag. The ball gag went into my mouth as the cock rings were used on my balls and cock. Finally, the very thick butt-plug was pushed up my ass. It was thick but surprisingly good because it did not slip out or budge at the least. Once I was gagged, plugged and chained, the fun began.

The first few hits from the flogger were easy. They were mostly on my inner thighs and ass and were warm-up shots. Soon the intensity increased, the hits became harder, my moans turned to yelps and then tears. I had marks on my back, my ass, my thighs. The flog had grazed my cock and balls and left me with multiple marks on my back. But even after all of this, I was euphoric. I was in pain, I was crying but I was strangely aroused. Every hit was a release of endorphins. It was like I was a junkie and the flogger was my fix. I knew it was bad for me but I couldn't stop it.

After the hits stopped, my beast applied some ice and cream on my affected areas. My hands or legs hadn't been untied yet and as he rubbed the lotion, I felt his finger pulling at the butt-plug. With a swift motion, the plug was pulled out and the uncomfortable feeling of emptiness lulled for a moment. The plug was replaced by a finger as it worked its way into me. He was kissing me and fingering my ass at the same time and I was leaking like a glacier after spring.

His finger assaulted me for a good couple of minutes before it was replaced by his ample cock. He fucked me in the middle of the room, standing. His body did not need to bend me as his ample size found a way to make it work. He was working my cock with one hand as his other hand was squeezing my chest. I couldn't hold back as I came in large numbers on his hand, his cock still pumping inside of me. He licked my cum off his hand and made me taste some of it before ramping up his pace. The room was filled with the "thup-thup" sound of his thighs against my ample bottom as he groaned and growled with his ejaculation inside of me.

After that, we slept for 4 hours before I had to leave for work. When I woke up, I felt him spooning me, his cock rubbing my asshole. I placed the tip on my hole as he pushed it in and we enjoyed a morning quickie. After a fun shower and breakfast, I was on my way to work.

That day, I was constantly aroused at work. My back and ass were sore from the hits and the fucks, my nipples hurt from the piercing and explaining the ear piercings to my boss was a whole lot of problem. I got a text from my beast around noon:

"Meet me at 8pm. Your house, send address."

I was a little apprehensive because even though it had been fun, what if he was setting me up for something. I still sent it as I felt the tingle in my behind.

He promptly replied with thanks and a picture of a collar with the initials AD.

Those were my initials.

That night, everything changed.