 It had been more than a month since I had witnessed my son, Rory, making love to his college roommate, Greg, and several weeks since I had spoken with Greg about his first sexual experiences with Rory. I knew that Greg ached to tell me more about their lovemaking, but it frightened me. After all, I was Rory's mother and should not know the details of his sex life. But, as a woman, I could not resist the strong, erotic imagery of two young, good-looking men making raw, passionate love. I tried to put the entire situation out of my mind.

Of course, my best efforts failed miserably when my husband, Tom, announced one night that he had booked us a hotel room near campus, so that we could support Rory, who was anchoring the university's swim team in an important swim meet. This was not just any swim meet. The swim coach had called Tom to let him know that key members of the U.S. Swimming Association would be at the meet to watch Rory, an early favorite to make the U.S. Olympic team.

We arrived early Friday afternoon before the Saturday swim meet. Rory and Greg met us at the hotel. It was so good to see them. Rory looked terrific, his shoulders looked even broader, and he had the fire in his eyes that burned so brightly during swim competition. He told Tom that he and his coach wanted to meet with him that afternoon to discuss strategy. After all, Tom was a former Olympian himself, losing his opportunity to earn his own medal in swimming due to the American boycott of the 1980 Moscow games.

Rory was apologetic. "Mom, why don't you and Greg go for coffee? There is this great local coffeehouse in Collegetown."

Greg responded immediately, "I would love to show you Collegetown and introduce you to the best hazelnut latte in the world."

Tom also chimed in. "Kate, go. After all, you need to get us a couple of college sweatshirts. We cannot be a legitimate cheering section without looking the part."

I laughed nervously. "Well, it's unanimous. Greg, will you be my date for the afternoon?"

He smiled and we grabbed our winter coats and began our walk through campus. The campus was absolutely gorgeous in the winter. The gothic architecture took on a completely different feel against the bright white winter snow. It was idyllic.

Greg was the perfect tour guide. As we crossed campus, he pointed out all of the historic sites. I never knew how much history had occurred at this university. He told me interest facts and stories and kept me laughing with his gentle wit.

We stopped in the university shop and bought sweatshirts, T-shirts, and hats. I felt like a ridiculous tourist. I laughed to Greg, "I must look like the oldest, most pathetic coed."

Greg laughed. "No, Kate. Just one of the prettiest." I blushed.

We walked and chatted for hours. I learned so much about Greg, his family, his aspirations, and, of course, his deep love for Rory. I enjoyed learning that in Greg, Rory had a true, loving partner with whom he could share his dreams, fears, and passions.

The winter air turned colder as the sky grew darker. I felt the chill in my toes and could feel my nose getting red. I looked at Greg. "What about that hazelnut latte you promised me?"

He smiled and as we turned the corner, I saw the door to the coffeehouse. We stepped inside. The coffeehouse was warm and smelled so inviting. The air was a blend of coffee and spices that drew me in and made me feel so comfortable. Greg directed me to a deep burgundy couch in a dark corner of the coffeehouse while he went and ordered our drinks. He returned with two steaming mugs and a plate of homemade cinnamon cookies. We drank and munched at the cookies.

As we sat in the quiet corner, Greg looked at me. With a quiet voice, he asked, "Kate, I know you had been avoiding me. Had I upset you last time we spoke?"

Thoughts of our last conversation, a telephone call where Greg told me all about his first oral sex with Rory, flooded my mind and caused me to blush with embarrassment and excitement. I couldn't forget his words, as he described sucking Rory's cock for the first time, taking him deep into his throat, tasting his cum. I also couldn't forget how it affected me so, causing me to orgasm hard as I listened.

I stammered, "G-G-Greg, honey, you did nothing wrong. It just is hard for me. After all, I am his mother and don't want to invade the privacy of his sex life. At the same time, I've never had an opportunity to learn so much about male sex. I find it so fascinating."

I took a long sip of my drink, allowing it to warm me. I inhaled deeply and, leaning forward, I whispered, "Greg, please tell me more."

Greg smiled and began to speak.

"After that first time, I was hooked. Taking Rory into my mouth, feeling his power flowing through me, tasting his cum, was the best feeling I had ever had. It was as if I could share in what made him so special.

"I would take him into my mouth at every opportunity. In the morning, when we woke. At night, when we went to bed. Whenever we had a few minutes alone. I would drop to my knees and allow him to guide himself deep into my throat, allowing my hands to play with his rippling ab muscles or grip his tight ass as he pumped in and out of my mouth. I could feel his orgasm build, the cum flowing from his balls, up his shaft and into my mouth and throat. I knew when he was getting close and loved how he put my face in tight as he came.

"One night after he came, I stood up and started towards my bed. But Rory stopped me. 'Greg, I want you in my bed.' I pulled off my t-shirt and jeans and climbed into his bed in only my boxers. Rory removed his clothes, turned off the lights and slid next to me. Reaching down, he pulled my boxers off. He leaned over and pulled my mouth to his. He kissed me so deeply. We just explored each other's mouths, kissing, our tongues intertwined. As we grew tired, he held me tight and we slept. 

"As morning approached, I could feel our bodies adjust to each other. He spooned me, holding me close. His chest against my back, his cock nestled in my crack. I was in heaven. I didn't want to move for fear that this feeling might end. Rory shifted and I whispered, 'Please don't go. I want you.' Rory, still half asleep, pulled me tighter, and whispered in reply, 'I'm not going anywhere.' 

I felt Rory begin to grow and expand against my crack. He pulled away nervously, but I pushed back into him, as if to reassure him, yes, it was alright. I wanted this. I needed this. Rory paused and then reached into his end table drawer, pulling out a small box containing a tube of KY jelly. He laughed, 'Well, I guess I had been a bit hopeful." I joined his laughter, listening to him tear open the box and squeeze some lubricant onto his fingers.

"I felt Rory reach down and push his fingertip into me. Oh my god, it was incredible. Slowly, he pushed in further and further. I gasped as his second knuckle pushed into me. Back and forth, he moved slowly, tugging gently to stretch me open. After a few minutes, I felt a second finger against my hole. I groaned as he pushed the second finger into me. I could feel him carefully stretching me, making my body ready for him. He curled his fingers inside of me, tugging against the tight ring of muscles, loosening them. I could feel my eyes roll back. I was completely lost in the moment, knowing that my body belonged to him. After a few minutes of pumping his fingers deep into me, I felt him withdraw from me completely. I felt very open and very aware that my asshole had been stretched.

"He rolled me onto my belly and drew me back onto my knees so that my ass was up in the air. I could feel him squeeze more KY jelly onto me and work it into me. He got behind me and positioned himself at my opening. I felt his hands on my hips and his head pushing against me. He gripped me tightly and pushed forward against me. I could feel him stretching me.

"I pushed my face into the pillow as he continued into me. It hurt, but I didn't want him to stop. I groaned as my hole stretched wide to allow him into me. I could feel the muscles being pulled and stretched, the puckered skin at its limits. Slowly, I felt my hole yield to the steady pressure and open, allowing Rory to enter me slowly. I bit down hard as he fed the first four inches into me.

"At that point, I felt an incredible pressure inside me. 'Are you in all of the way?' I asked Rory. 'No,' he responded. 'I am only halfway in, and I can feel your second sphincter.' Rory gently explained that I had another ring of muscles inside of me that he would have to go through. He reassured me, stroking my skin and telling me to relax. 

Slowly, he began to rock back and forth. I could feel his thick head rubbing something inside me. It felt so different, so good. I moaned softly as he continued his rocking motion. 'Look between your legs,' Rory told me. 'Why?' I asked. 'Just do it,' he responded. I looked down between my legs and saw a thick strand of cum stretch from my cock to the bed. As he rocked in, I watched a bubble of cum ooze out of my cock and drip to the sheets. I just watched as bubble and after bubble oozed out of me each time Rory rocked into me. 'Can you see your cum?' he asked. 'I am milking your prostate, making you cum.' I could barely speak, 'whatever you're doing, please, please don't stop.'

"Rory began to press down on my lower back, forcing me into a deep arch and rotating my hips. I could feel my pelvis rotate, acutely aware of how sexy and feminine I felt. As I arched my back, Rory pushed forward, opening my inside muscles. I bit down hard, whimpering, tears streaming down my face from the strain. I felt like I was being torn in half from the inside. Rory's voice was calm and soothing. 'Greg, I'm inside you. I need you to feel that discomfort. I need to take your virginity.' I nodded in agreement, unable to speak.

"Rory continued to sink into me, pushing forward. I could feel inch after inch stretch me, fill me. The pain began to ease. I felt Rory push again, easing inside me completely. As his hips rested against my ass, Rory whispered, 'Greg, baby, I'm inside you completely.' I just moaned in a soft, weak voice.

"Rory began to move back and forth. A world-class athlete, Rory's movements were strong and efficient. He would withdraw and then with his strong swimmer's hips, he would drive back inside me. He strokes were long and powerful and set shockwaves up my spine. As he began to pump in me, I felt something strange deep in my belly as if my insides were moving with each stroke of Rory's cock. I lowered my hand to my belly and gasped. I could feel the outline of Rory's fat cock bulging my belly. As he fucked me, the bulge continued to move. I pressed hard on the bulge, which caused Rory to groan deeply.

"As the pain subsided, I found myself lost in the complete pleasure of the moment. With long, hard strokes, Rory stroked my prostate and pushed deep inside of me. Cum was just running out of my cock, forming a thick, sticky puddle on the sheets. I watched as Rory milked me with every movement. I heard myself moan, almost startling myself. My moan was raspy, but unbelievably feminine. Rory was fucking me like a woman and my body was responding.

"Rory began to quicken his pace. He pumped faster and faster, harder and harder. His hands gripped my hips and he slammed his strong thighs against me. I was lost in the pleasure. My fingers and toes clawed at the sheets, as I desperately sought to anchor myself. I started to tremble and shake. I could feel my muscles squeeze and contract around Rory's thick cock. My moans grew louder and I allowed my upper body to fall to the bed, so that my ass was up in the air. With my hands now free, I squeezed and pinched my nipples as Rory continued to pound me.

"As my own orgasm approached, I could feel Rory become harder, swelling deep inside me. His breathing became ragged. His balls, which had been slapping against my ass tightened and became firm. Now gripping my shoulders, Rory was driving into, no through, me. He was so deep, so completely in control of me. I had never felt anything like this before.

"Rory let out a deep, low groan and pushed into me so hard that I collapsed to the bed. I could feel him spasm and his warm cum spurt so deep into me. Pushed over the edge, my toes curled in my own orgasm. Rory collapsed onto me, his weight on top of me, his cock still buried deep inside of me. I continued to twitch with strong aftershocks of my orgasm.

"After a few minutes, Rory rolled off of me. I lay there, motionless in a puddle of my own semen, my asshole stretched and gaping wide open. Rory wrapped his strong arms around me and we fell off into a deep sleep as his cum continued to swirl in my belly."

I just sat there transfixed by Greg's story. I remained silent, allowing this unbelievable story of passionate lovemaking to sink in. The buzzing of my cell phone snapped me back to reality. I looked down at the screen. "U & Greg need 2 meet me & Rory 4 dinner w/ Coach." I smiled at Greg and whispered, "Thank you for loving my son and for sharing your story." He smiled back.

As I got up from the couch and turned to get my coat, my eyes drifted down to the cushion on which I had been sitting. I felt my face become flush as I saw the huge stain of my own wetness. I had flooded my panties and overflowed though my leggings into the couch. I hastily grabbed my coat and we left the coffeehouse.

It was the start of a wonderful weekend. And yes, Rory won the swim meet.