 Ever since I saw my son, Rory, having sex with his roommate, Greg, I could not stop thinking about it. Their unbridled passion was intoxicating. It was not like the gay porn I saw on the Internet. It was tender, even loving. I could feel their connection. But at the same time, it was so masculine. Young hard bodies, straining against each other. Deep, guttural moans. It was so powerful.

My mind has been racing with so many questions – How did they start? Did my son, Rory, always "top" (I think that's what it's called)? Did anyone else know? The images of their lovemaking were burned into my memory.

I tried to put it out of my head. After all, I'm Rory's mother. I should not be thinking about his sex life like this. 

After a week or so, one afternoon, I returned from work and decided to call to check on Rory. I knew that the busiest part of the swimming season was coming up and wanted to make certain that he was balancing school and sports, and still having time for fun. I kicked off my heels, untucked my blouse from my skirt and flopped into the big leather easy chair in the living room. I dialed Rory's cell phone, but was surprised to hear Greg's voice.

"Hi, Mrs. Grangier."

I paused, "Hi, Greg. I thought I dialed Rory's phone. I'm sorry."

"No. You did," said Greg. "Rory is at a team meeting, and must have forgotten his phone. I thought it might be him, checking to see if he left it. I'll tell him that you called when he gets back."

"OK. Well, how are you doing?"

"I'm doing well. Just finishing some homework until Rory gets back."

"So, do you two have plans to go out tonight?"

"No. We both have been so busy that a quiet night at home would be perfect. In fact, we are planning to eat the holiday leftovers you packed for us."

I gulped as the scene of their lovemaking during their holiday visit flashed through my mind, "That sounds... um, nice.... I guess."

"Mrs. Grangier, are you alright?"

"Yes, Greg. And please call me Kate."

"OK, Kate. Is everything OK?"

"Yes. I mean, I have so m-m-many questions... but I can't really ask them, can I?" I could barely stammer through a sentence.

"Mrs. Gr--, I mean, Kate, you can ask me anything. Anything."

I was startled and my throat went dry. "This is awkward. Ummm, how long have you and Rory been ... umm, lovers?"

Greg laughed, "It's OK. Relax. I'm not uncomfortable about this. Rory and I have been together since the second week of school."

I was fighting a losing battle against myself. The mother in me knew that I should not know the intimate details of my son's sex life. But the woman in me craved every delicious detail. Finally, I gave in. "W-well, how did it, I mean, you start?"

Greg let out a deep sigh and began his story.

"Mrs. Gr--, I mean Kate, when I got to college I was still a virgin. I mean, I know I don't look like Rory. I'm shy, quiet, and prefer to stay out of the spotlight. Not exactly the guy who got all the girls in high school. Rory was so different. He stood out. People just gravitate to him. I was no different."

"I know what you mean, Greg," I said. "He has always been a dynamic personality."

"Well, yes. But sharing a room, you get to know a person differently. More than anyone else. More than family," Greg responded. "I saw Rory behind closed doors, how he could be when he wasn't expected to be the star swimmer, student, stud, whatever. We talked for hours and hours about everything and anything.

"We were close and I knew that Rory was totally comfortable around me. But I did not realize how comfortable until about two weeks into the semester." Greg hesitated.

"Go on, Sweetie. It's OK," I reassured him.

Greg let out another deep sign and continued. "One night after we put out the light I heard the soft rustling of Rory's sheets. The room was dark but I could make out his silhouette. I could see the outline of his body and his hand at his crotch. I watched him as he slowly, deliberately pumped his fist over his.... ummm, penis."

I asked, "Greg, is that what you call it? His penis?"

"No," Greg's voice got soft. "I call it his cock."

"Well, then, call it his cock. Please continue."

Feeling assured, Greg went on, "errr, OK. I watched him pump his... cock... with his hand 'til he grunted and then rolled over." 

As Greg continued his story, the image of Rory, with his rock hard body, masturbating seared my brain. I felt warm and opened a few buttons of my blouse.

"Kate, my mind was racing. I mean, I had never seen anything like that. I had never seen another guy masturbate. I hadn't even seen a cock that big except in some porn while I was in high school. I could barely sleep and thought about it all day. I tried to stop thinking about it, telling myself that I wasn't gay and that it was no big deal, but I couldn't. I can't explain what I felt but it burned in me like nothing ever did before.

"I got into bed that next night, hoping that Rory would do it again. I could hardly lie down, let alone try to sleep. After about 20 minutes, I heard that rustling again. Oh my god, yes! Again, I watched Rory's silhouette, his broad chest heaving, his ripped arm pumping up and down and that... cock... that fucking cock... oh my, Mrs. Gran--, I'm sorry..."

I struggled to regain my own composure. Greg's tale of my son's massive cock had me dizzy. In complete rapture, I had unbuttoned my blouse completely and loosened my skirt. My breasts were heaving and my nipples erect with excitement.

"Greg, honey, it's OK. Go on."

"OK," he said and continued. "Every night for a week, it was the same routine. I would watch Rory's silhouette as he masturbated. Every night. Without fail.

"Then about a week later I had to attend an evening meeting on campus. A group of us went for coffee afterwards at this hippie girl's place. She pulled out a small bag of pot. But don't worry, I didn't smoke any. But I never knew how strong a contact high was until I left. My head felt like it was stuffed with cotton as I walked across campus to my dorm. I felt like I was floating or moving in slow motion. I have to admit it was a really cool feeling.

"I got to our dorm room, opened the door, and absentmindedly turned the light on. Rory was lying on his bed spread-eagle and completely nude. Oh my god. I had seen his nude silhouette for a week but it was nothing like this. His muscles rippled and his strong hand squeezed around his thick cock. It was completely hard and veiny like it was carved from marble. His smooth scrotum was plump and full."

I began to squeeze my thighs together as I continued to listen, causing electric shocks deep inside my pussy. Fuck, this was so hot. I eased the zipper on the side of skirt down and quietly slid it off my hips. I looked down at the growing wet spot in my own panties, now so translucent with my own juices that I could see my pussy lips getting swollen with lust.

"So I stood there frozen, staring at Rory's cock. My mind tried to race but just spun, still feeling the effect of the pot. I tried to stammer out an apology but my words were incoherent. And all the while, Rory lay there proudly holding his massive cock.

"After a few moments, Rory laughed, 'I guess if you're not going to turn out the light, I will have to get up and turn it out myself.' He stood up and walked toward me, a naked Norse god. I was powerless, staring at his cock as it swayed with each step. Rory stopped in front of me, less than a foot away. I had never seen another man's erect cock before, let alone that close. I swear I could feel the heat coming from it.

"Rory reached out and placed his hands on my shoulders. Without a single word, using just gentle pressure, Rory told me exactly what I was going to do. I felt myself melt to my knees until I was kneeling in front of him, his cock just inches from my face. Rory caressed my face, applying just enough force to cause my jaw to release and open. He began to pull my face towards him.

"My mind was exploding. I had never been with anyone and now I was just inches from sucking cock. I could see every vein and bulge, Rory's smooth skin and cropped light brown hair. But even more, I could smell him -- a mixture of his musk and the fresh scent of the college swimming pool. It was intoxicating. Unable to resist it anymore, I opened my mouth and allowed Rory to pull me in."

Listening to this, I became hotter and hotter. I snapped open the front clasp of my bra, my breasts full and my nipples rock hard. With my free hand, I rolled each nipple between my forefinger and thumb, squeezing it gently, and then pinching it. I could feel my own electricity flow through my body, awakening every nerve.

"I opened my mouth until I could feel the spongy hard head against my tongue. It already was slick with clear precum. It tasted mild and reminded me of the slightly salty air at the beach. Rory inched in further, forcing my jaw to open as my lips closed around his mushroom-shaped head. Like an expert, Rory controlled the angle and movement of my mouth, guiding himself in deeper and deeper. Deftly, he moved in, careful not to trigger a gag reflex. Softly, he instructed me, 'Breathe through your nose. Relax your throat. Feel me expand you.'

"It felt so natural, so perfect. I found a perfect rhythm. Moving my head back and forth, allowing him to stretch my mouth with his size and go deeper each time. He would pull back and coat my tongue with another layer of the slick precum. And then he would move back in, pushing into my throat. One time, I felt my body start to tighten in a gag, but quietly Rory reassured me, relaxing my muscles. I felt my throat expand as he worked his way deep inside me until my nose bristled against his short hair and I could feel his balls against my chin."

As I listened, I worked the thin material of my panties with the tip of my finger. My lips were swollen and so sensitive. My own scent mixing with my sweat filled the room. I watched as a trickle of my wetness slid down the front of the cushion I was sitting on, a dark, thin stain against the brown leather.

"Once he had gotten in all the way and my throat became accustomed to the sensation, Rory picked up the pace. He pulled my head to meet the thrust of his hips. Long, powerful strokes. His breathing remained steady and even. I could feel my own saliva running down my chin as he fucked my mouth. Deeper and deeper. Faster and faster. Until his heavy balls slapped my chin on every stroke.

"He was so hard in my mouth. Like steel wrapped in silk. My tongue traced every bump and every ridge. I could feel him getting harder and knew his orgasm was fast approaching. He was grabbing fistfuls of my hair and holding my face as he pumped his strong swimmer hips into me, faster and faster. I could feel his thighs tremble and a deep low groan grow from deep inside him as it got closer and closer."

By then I was so close, too. Pushing my panties to one side and working two fingers deep inside me as my thumb massaged my clit. My own hips, still firm and athletic, rose to meet my own thrusts as my orgasm approached.

"Rory's breathing became ragged and I could feel his cock swell one last time. He pushed in deeply and groaned loudly. His cock erupted, filling my mouth and throat, ballooning my cheeks and bubbling around the sides of my lips. It was thick like nectar, but with a saltiness like fresh seawater. There was even a hint of sweetness. He held my head still as wave after wave passed through him. The warm liquid coated my mouth and slid down my throat. I continued to suck on him hard, squeezing him with my lips until he was empty."

That was it. I bit my lip hard to stifle my sound as my own orgasm exploded. My body shook violently as my pussy muscles convulsed, squeezing around my fingers. Over and over, I shook, the muscles in my stomach and thighs burning. The thin trickle of wetness on the chair was now a puddle, cascading over the side. I was completely exhausted.

"Kate, are you OK?" I could hear the surprise and even embarrassment in Greg's voice. After all, it is not every day that you make your roommate-gay lover's mom cum during a telephone call.

"I'm fine, sweetie. Thank you for your honesty."

"But there's more...," Greg interrupted.

"I know there is. And I know that I want to hear every word. But I don't think my body could take anymore," I sighed.

Greg laughed, "Well, you know, Rory has another meeting in a couple of nights."

I joined his laughter, "Good. That gives me some time to recover. Bye, Greg."

"Bye, Kate."