 The time had flown by since Geoff's and Richie's awkward basketball game. Richie was about halfway done with his two month stint on the private island.

Dante, Shelby, and Richie walked along a dirt path. They were heading towards a field to play some Frisbee. As the trees parted, Richie took a breath. The view was amazing. The grass-covered field was about the size of two football fields, with trees surrounding the perimeter. Every blade of grass was perfectly green. 

Richie turned around to see, to his surprise, Dante and Shelby stripping. 

"What are you doing?"

"Strip," Dante ordered.

"Didn't we mention it's naked Frisbee?" Shelby added.

Richie followed suit, pulling off his clothes. He couldn't help but stare at Dante. Dante's six pack was perfectly chiseled. Richie looked away before his penis could respond.

Then the three spaced themselves out and began a game of Frisbee. The sun warmed their bodies as a light wind blew through the field.

After a few minutes, Shelby broke the sound of nature, "New rule - If you drop it you have to suck a dick for 30 seconds." Both Dante and Richie smiled.

"I'm in."

"Me too."

Richie considered dropping the Frisbee on purpose, but the urge to "win" was keeping him in line. The three began making their throws a little more unpredictable, and eventually the Frisbee was dropped. Or actually deflected, as Dante's fingers smacked off its side.

"Fuck," Dante exclaimed.

"So who's it going to be?" Shelby questioned.

Dante answered by walking over to Shelby. Dante bent down and pushed Shelby's limp penis into his mouth. After a few seconds, Dante could feel Shelby hardening in his mouth. Dante kept sucking on Shelby until Shelby's count reached thirty.

"Nice," Shelby responded, as he directed towards Richie, "He's pretty good at it."

"Shut up," Dante returned, as he walked back to his space with a boner. 

They continued playing Frisbee, until Shelby dropped it.

Shelby walked over to Richie and bent down. Richie's dick immediately started expanding as Shelby pushed his lips down it. Richie's dick was definitely smaller than his and Dante's, but that wasn't shocking given his stature. Shelby gulped down Richie's cock, as Richie's body suddenly jerked.

Richie felt it again. Shelby was pushing a finger into his anus. 

"Ah," Richie moaned, letting Shelby explore.

Dante watched from across the field, as his count reached 30 but Shelby didn't let up. Dante jogged over in their direction. As he got closer, he also noticed the ass play.

"I think I'm missing out," Dante said, his boner popping up.

Shelby pulled away from Richie and ordered, "Get on all fours."

Richie followed orders, as Shelby pushed Dante down so he was kneeling in front of Richie's mouth. Richie took the cue, and gulped down Dante's soldier.

Then, Shelby took off running across the field in the direction of their clothes.

"Ohhh, yeah," Dante whispered, as Richie deep throated his cock. "That feels so fucking good."

After a minute, Shelby was back, holding a bottle in his hand. "Almost forgot the lube," he said with a smile, as he kneeled down behind Richie. Shelby covered two of his fingers with lube and invaded Richie's asshole.

"Mmmm," Richie moaned, with Dante's cock filling his mouth.

"How do my fingers feel in your ass?" Shelby asked after a few minutes.

Richie pulled off of Dante just long enough to answer, "Too small."

Shelby laughed, as he spread the lube over his boner and knelt behind Richie.

Dante's cock dropped out of Richie's mouth, as his face grimaced. 

"OHHHH," Richie yelled, "Fuck, fuck!" Shelby slowly forced his big cock into Richie's wanting ass.

"Geez, Geoff will hear this all the way from the house," Shelby warned, "Shut him up Dante!"

Dante quickly shoved his cock back into Richie's mouth. Richie's muffled moans continued as Shelby picked up speed, banging his cock all the way into his plump ass.

Shelby fucked Richie hard for a few minutes, before he asked Dante, "How's his mouth?"

"Fucking great," Dante responded, as his pre-cum slid down Richie's throat. "How's his ass?"

"So tight...fucking amazing," Shelby described, "You have to try it."

Shelby and Dante pulled out and switched places. Dante didn't waste any time in pushing his manhood into Richie. This was as close to pussy as he had in months.

"Ohhhh," Richie moaned, as Dante slammed his cock all the way into his ass, "Fuck yeah!"

"Suck it," Shelby ordered as he knelt down in front of Richie. Soon Richie was swallowing Shelby's beast. 

Dante fucked Richie's ass as sweat rolled down his glistening pecks and abs. He banged Richie for what seemed like forever, until suddenly, he pushed deep into Richie and stopped. Dante's hands grabbed Richie stomach for balance. 

"You like it in there?" Shelby questioned, with a smile.

"I need a minute, or I'm gonna bust," Dante said between breaths.

"Dude," Shelby coached, "fill him up!"

That was all Dante needed to hear, as he pumped his cock, "Ohhhhh!"

Richie's face grimaced, as Dante unloaded deep inside him. Finally exhausted, Dante withdrew and stood up. "That was incredible," he approved, "Thanks. I'll see you guys at the house." Slowly, catching his breath, Dante walked in the direction of his clothes.

The scene of Dante's o-face had filled up Shelby's cock. Shelby pushed Richie's mouth off of his cock, and grabbed Richie's hair with his left hand, as his right hand shot over his throbbing cock. Shelby held Richie's head in place, as his cock exploded.

"OH, Fuck!" Shelby grunted, as his cum shot Richie in the nose and cheek. 

"Fuck, fuck," Shelby continued to unload, wiping the last of his cum onto Richie's forehead.

"You're a champ," Shelby stated, as he ran towards his clothes to catch up with Dante. "See you at the house."

***

Geoff sat on the couch watching TV, as Shelby and Dante came loudly into the house. 

Geoff heard Dante's voice first, "All over his face?"

"Yeah," Shelby responded, "And then I left him there with a huge hard-on!"

"Dude," Dante began, as they walked into Geoff's view. "Not cool," Dante continued quietly, but with a grin, as the two continued past Geoff in silence.

Geoff pretended to watch the TV, while he was really watching the clock. About ten minutes later, the door opened again. Geoff watched as Richie rounded the corner. Richie was wearing a gray t-shirt and blue shorts. Geoff couldn't help but notice specks of something glistening on Richie's face and a slight bulge still in his shorts. Richie made eye contact with Geoff for just a second, before glancing downward. He looked - sad.

Geoff felt overwhelming bad for him, even though he told himself he shouldn't. Geoff got up and followed Richie to the kitchen. Richie was about to open the fridge as Geoff walked in. 

"Looks like you could use a little help," Geoff said, glancing down towards Richie's crotch.

"Listen," Richie said, completely defensively, "I'm not in the mood to be your bitch."

With that, Geoff grabbed the fridge handle with his left hand and wrapped his body around to the right pinning Riche against the fridge. His size was a definite advantage. 

"Come on, I..." Richie's voice trailed off, as Geoff acted.

Richie's felt Geoff's right hand grab his dick through his nylon shorts and boxers.

"Just enjoy it," Geoff whispered into his ear.

Maybe it was the fact Richie was already incredibility horny, or the grip Geoff had on his dick, or maybe the feeling of Geoff's strong body pressed against his, but for whatever reason, Richie's cock was instantly rock hard and filling Geoff's hand. 

Richie was breathing hard after about a minute, as Geoff aggressively tugged at his bone. 

"Fuck, fuck" Richie moaned, as Geoff felt his dick pulse in his hand. 

"Thank you," Richie said softly, as Geoff gave him a few final tugs. Geoff let go and started to walk away from Richie, as Richie stopped him.

"Thank you," Richie said more forcefully, "and I'm sorry about last week, at the basketball court..."

Geoff interrupted, "No problem." He smiled, "It's all good." And with that, Geoff walked away. 

***

Richie's final night on the island was soon upon them. Geoff stood in his bedroom doorway.

"So are you ready to go home?" Geoff asked, as he entered Richie's room, closing the door behind him.

"Yeah," Richie answered, as he placed some clothing into a suitcase opened on a table to the side of the bed.

"Did you enjoy the island?"

"Yeah, it was a great job. It was great getting to know you guys." Richie stated, with a smile.

Geoff could tell there was a element of disappointment in his voice. "But..."

Richie looked over at Geoff, who wore a thin smile. "But..." Richie started, "I guess I had been hoping for something else...in the sex department."

"I don't understand," Geoff questioned, "you had lots of sex."

"I know," Richie continued, "I mean I was hoping for a mix. I mean I like bottoming, but I haven't topped in a while... I guess I was hoping for them to be more open-minded."

"I see," Geoff said. "You can't leave an island paradise disappointed."

Richie smiled, "It's no big deal."

Richie turned away, as he put a shirt in his suitcase, but he quickly looked back, as he felt Geoff's hand on his crotch.

"What -" Richie started, but was cut-off as Geoff bent over to kiss him. Geoff and Richie kissed more passionately, as Geoff rubbed his hand back and forth over Richie's nylon pants. After a few minutes, Geoff grabbed Richie's hard-on through his pants and slowly started jerking.

Then, Geoff broke the kiss, and knelt down, in front of Richie. Richie watched as Geoff pulled down his pants and boxers and slid his hard dick into his mouth. Geoff ran his hands over Richie's thighs as his lips ran up and down his pole. Richie moaned, as he pulled off his shirt and gently pushed his pelvis back and forth.

Geoff stood up and began stripping off his clothing. First, his shirt, then pants, then boxers, giving Richie his second look at his limp monster. Then, Geoff climbed on the bed and got on all fours, pointing his ass right at Richie.

"Geoff," Richie stated cautiously, even while staring at Geoff's parted ass checks, and inviting anus. 

"Just do it," Geoff responded. 

Richie grabbed a bottle of lube from his drawer, and ran a moderate amount over his cock. Next, he climbed onto the bed, behind Geoff. Richie pushed against Geoff's back, so that his upper body fell downward towards the bed. Then, he lined up and pushed.

"OHHH," Geoff yelled, "Fuck!" Geoff had mistakenly thought that he could take Richie's more modestly sized cock without a problem. But his virgin ass disagreed. Geoff winced in pain, as Richie slowly began pumping his manhood. 

The scene was an odd one, as the much smaller Richie, forced his cock deep inside of the much larger and lankier, Geoff. Geoff's faced grimaced in pain, as it pressed against the bed sheets. Geoff's own cock bounced back and forth with Richie's thrusts. As Richie picked up speed his body smacked against Geoff's sack. 

"Fuck, fuck," Geoff moaned, partly in pain and part pleasure, as sweat fell from Richie's face. 

Then, something happened that neither Geoff nor Richie had expected, the door opened.

Staring at the two of them, now frozen in position, was Dante. Dante's face showed a quick sequence of emotions, first shocked, then anger, as he pulled the door shut again. Richie and Geoff froze as they listened to Dante walk away. 

"I need to talk to him," Geoff said, as he lifted his upper body back up using his hands.

"Not yet," Richie denied, as he sent his cock plowing deep into Geoff.

Geoff yelled out, falling back against the bed. Geoff now fully understood where the phrase, "fucking like rabbits" had come from, as Richie mounted Geoff and went to town.

After a few minutes of furious fucking, Richie exclaimed, "turn around," as he pulled his cock out of Geoff's sore ass.

Geoff rolled over, so he was laying on his back, as Richie knelt over him with his cock positioned just inches away from Geoff's face.

"Fuck," Richie moaned, as he tugged at his cock, "Fuck, yeah!" Richie swore as the first shot of his load hit Geoff's cheek, chin, and neck. Richie continued spraying out his mess until Geoff's chin and neck were covered.

***

"I can't believe you did that," Dante stated.

"It was a one-time thing," Geoff explained, "he wanted to top before he left."

"You let him fuck you!" Dante exclaimed.

"Shut up," Geoff said, also starting to feel angry. "How many times did he blow you?"

"Yeah, well," Dante said, stuttering, "He didn't fuck me."

"It's nobody's business either way," Geoff continued, "why does it matter?"

"Because," Dante yelled, "you weren't suppose to fuck with him!"

A silence overtook the room, as Geoff asked, "What do you mean 'I wasn't suppose to'?"

Dante quietly looked down at his hands.

"Talk to me," Geoff ordered.

"You have always been like 100% straight. But then you asked Richie to blow you. I was so angry. But then, you said Richie had turned you down. So I thought I had a shot again. I can't believe you came with him after all."

"I don't get it," Geoff started, confused.

"I love you, Geoff," Dante said.

"I love you, too," Geoff responded.

"No," Dante explained, "you mean more to me than just being my best friend. I wanted to be your first."

"I didn't actually cum with Richie," Geoff clarified.

"Huh?" Dante said, looking up at Geoff.

"Well, yeah," Geoff continued, "I let him fuck me, but he didn't touch my dick."

"You didn't cum?" Dante asked.

"No."

"Oh," Dante said, looking relieved and embarrassed at the same time.

"So," Geoff said, "want to give it a try?"

Dante looked up, obviously wanting to yell out "yes," but settled for, "okay."

"Let's strip," Geoff suggested.

Geoff took off his shirt, pants, and boxers, exposing his soft, brown meat. Dante followed, stripping off his clothing to show his rock hard seven incher. A goofy grin overtook Geoff's face as Dante grabbed his dick and took his first tugs. 

Dante swallowed. He had dreamed this so many times. And now it was for real. He was about to get his best friend hard. Geoff and him had been through so much together. Before getting jobs at the island, they had went to high school and college together. And sure, Dante had seen Geoff naked before, but this was the first time he had held Geoff's manhood in his hand.

Dante was positive that nothing could ruin this moment; that is until Geoff laughed. Dante shot his view from Geoff's junk up to his face.

"Dude." Geoff muttered, with a large grin on his face.

"What?'

"Is that pre-cum?" Geoff questioned, glancing down at Dante's cock.

Dante looked down at himself, and took note of the drop of pre-cum glistening on his head. "So?" Dante confirmed, feeling defensive, "I'm excited."

"Clearly," Geoff said, bursting into laughter.

Dante quickly dropped Geoff's still limp penis from his hand, "You're a dick," he said, as he grabbed his clothes.

"I think you mean you want my dick," Geoff replied, unable to help himself.

"Fuck you," Dante shot back, as he left the room.

***

Richie had left the island. Geoff, Dante, and Shelby, had thrown him a goodbye party. The four had promised to stay in-touch.

Several days had gone by and Geoff had made a few unsuccessful attempts to start up a conversation with Dante

Shelby was well aware of the tension between them and had a pretty good idea of the cause. 

Shelby let a breath out, as he headed towards the dining room for dinner, which was quickly becoming one of the least favorite parts of his day.

After a few minutes of eating in a deafening silence, Shelby started, "I finished the repairs on the dock." 

"Great," Geoff said, unenthusiastically. 

"The whole left side looks brand new," Shelby continued. He was actually kind of proud of himself; he finished a week ahead of schedule. He decided not to mention he was ahead of schedule because he was avoiding the two of them. 

Geoff didn't respond to Shelby, but instead added, "Dinner's good."

Dante didn't respond, and sat there picking at his food as much as he was eating it.

Earlier in the week, Shelby had noticed that Geoff seemed annoyed by Dante's lack of forgiveness. Now though, he just seemed mostly sad. 

Shelby knew what Geoff was afraid of, but he couldn't picture it. Shelby really couldn't see a world in which Geoff and Dante weren't friends.

***

Geoff followed Shelby as they headed down to the docks. Shelby had said he wanted his approval, but Geoff knew that Shelby was up to something. After all, Dante and Geoff were set to leave the island the next day, making Shelby his own boss for the foreseeable future.

It wasn't long before Shelby started up the conversation. "What's your problem with Dante?"

"He has the problem," Geoff countered as they reached the worn trail through the tall grasses that would take them to the docks. As they walked Goeff couldn't help at glancing down at Shelby's khaki shorts...he did have a nice ass.

"He just wanted to help you out." Shelby hadn't actually heard what had happened from either of them. He was going with what he was able to piece together from a few yelling dinner arguments.

"Well, don't you think that's a little weird?"

"No."

"Well, it is," Geoff claimed, as the hot sun beat down on them. "I'm sorry he's upset and acting like a cry baby," Geoff justified, "but I'm not gay."

"You're a liar," Shelby replied bluntly.

"What?" Geoff said, briefly stopping in his path, "I think I know if I like pussy or not."

"Fine, bisexual then," Shelby added, "Richie told me that you wanted him to blow you."

The comment was met by a long silence from Geoff, "This is different."

Shelby stopped dead in his tracks and turned around, almost resulting in Geoff plowing into him. Geoff's first thought was to yell at him, but Shelby's dead serious expression shut him up.

"Yeah, it's different," Shelby stated, "It's different because there's more to it than just sex. You two actually care about each other."

Geoff was about to protest, when Shelby inserted, "Shut up. Anyone who knows you two for more than a minute can see you care about him. So there's a risk. What great thing is going to happen in your life without taking a risk? Dante's not the one acting like a scared ten-year-old."

Shelby turned back, just as quickly as he had stopped, and continued walking.

Geoff took a few long paces to catch up. Then quietly, he responded, "What do you want me to do? I'm not going to apologize."

Shelby turned back around, staring deeply at Geoff, judging him.

"I'm not going to apologize," Geoff repeated, as he glanced down, trying to avoid Shelby's eyes. "It is scary."

Geoff looked back up knowing that his admission would be met with approval and the more sympathetic-side of Shelby. Geoff was surprised to see Shelby with the same hard expression, prompting him to ask again, "What do you want me to do?"

"You have one night left on this island, do something to make it great."

And with that, Shelby turned and walked the rest of the way to the dock in silence. 

***

Shelby entered Dante's room. Dante was sitting in front of his TV, watching, ironically enough, straight porn. Dante was wearing nylon pants and a t-shirt. Even though porn was playing, he looked distracted.

"What do you want?" Dante asked, pointedly.

"Nothing."

Dante glanced over at Shelby, who was sitting on his bed next to him, "Why are you in my room?"

Shelby glanced back at Dante, and with a sly smile responded, "You have on porn."

Against Dante's built-up emotions, a huge grin overtook his face, as he looked back to the TV.

After a few minutes Shelby commented, "He's just scared."
