 The melancholy old songs were playing on the stereo. It had been 2 years ago, this day, that Andreas had been taken from me. Listening to the old 70s love ballads – The Carpenters, Barry Manilow, Barbra Streisand... All of those torch songs about lost love and trying to find my man or to try to replace the one that got away... I knew that in a little while, I'd change the music to more current and upbeat songs – but these old torchy, tear jerkers still tugged at my heartstrings and played amongst my memories.

Most of my friends swore that it was stupid and maudlin for me to act this way, but they'd never really felt the loss that I felt... Sure, they lost a friend when Andreas died, but they didn't lose a lover – their spouse. Sure, we've all lost loved ones, and I feel bad for still feeling so bad, but it never seems to get any easier... And my pain just seems more real than theirs.

I still remembered meeting Andreas.... It was many years ago, during the height of the AIDS scares – when everybody thought that even just touching another man would turn them positive – just by looking at an infected guy would make them seroconvert. Sure, back in the 80s, it was still scary and new and frightening. I knew of many men that became virtual monks – never having any kind of sexual relations with another guy – even a few that wouldn't make love with their committed partners of 5 years! It was insane! But, it was an insane time with insane leaders in an insane world.

What made it worse was the way that Andreas and I had met... A friend of mine was celebrating his birthday – and his negative test results – by throwing a private, invite only sex party at The Muscle Den. The Muscle Den was nothing more than a bathhouse, although now it would be more high class – it would be a Sex Club.... Ah, progress... 

So, Mattie was throwing his party – and only a 'select few' were invited. I had to admire Mattie... only that nelly queen would consider 85 naked guys a 'select few'... But, again, only that nelly queen could pull together that 'select few' – including a few porn stars, pin-up boys and mainstream models to be his chosen select. Those of us that were his friends always felt slightly outclassed by many of the men that Mattie had around. Don't get me wrong – I was hot in my 20s – not that I'm not hot now; I'm just more... mature? We all had those typical gay boy looks – shopping right from the International Male catalogs, gym hopping every other day, following whatever 'the fashionistas' at GQ and Vogue Homme would thrown at us, calling it the 'next big thing'.... Oh, and the music fashions! The styles of Duran-Duran, Michael Jackson (when he was still a black, male singer and not some plastic surgeon side show), A Flock of Seagulls, Frankie Goes to Hollywood; all of these were our fashion plates. God, were we naïve...

I arrived at The Muscle Den at the appointed hour – 7:30 pm. Mattie figured if we started early enough, and it died down (as if!), we could all still go out and bar hop until the wee hours and have an after-hours party at some dive... I walked in, flashed my invite, took the keys and towels that were provided and headed to the locker room. I stripped down to the tattered jock, tan work boots and my towel; grabbed the present I brought – a life like dildo, if you're idea of lifelike is bright pink latex nearly a foot and a half long – and headed to the main room. When I got there, I was pleased to see that there were a few guys milling around, chatting, cruising, drinking. The video monitors were playing the pretty boy porn of the era and a few guys were lounging about, stroking their cocks, listening to the chatter and on the prowl.

Mattie, of course, was there, as hostess and guest of honor, in a flowing white robe – a silk kimono from his recent trips abroad. Mattie was flitting about, saying his 'hellos' and kissing cheeks with all his guests. He came over and offered me a glass of champagne and kissed the air next to my cheek. "Darling! Have you ever seen such a display of hot masculinity! Oh! I could just die right now and feel I was already in heavan! And did you see that one in the corner? He's one of the newest and freshest boys in movies and I am working hard on getting him to be my gift! My God, Chris, I just want to... Oh! Look who just showed up!" Mattie cried over my shoulder towards the entrance. With that, he was off again, a swirl of white silk.

I wandered through the room, saying 'hello' to people I knew, making glances to those that I didn't know but surely would like to meet. There was so much eye candy about, one barely knew where to look: the up and coming porn star standing around, his body in perfect shape, glistening with a layer of mist, cock hanging down; the models in the center of the room, preening and posing while chattering to each other, some wearing towels, some the newest underwear or jock strap, others simply letting it all hang down for the world to view; a few guys lounging around, cocks hard and ready; and a few guys already on their knees, servicing some other guys, sucking long and hard while the recipients stood and chatted amiably.

I was quite pleased, however, with the looks that I was getting in return from some of these living statues. I wasn't too bad looking, either... At 6 foot tall, my frame carried 195 pounds well. I watched what I ate and worked out 3 or 4 times a week, keeping my body trim and toned. Of course, being only 26 at the time didn't hurt, either. During the summer, I'd spend a few hours at the beach, working on keeping a golden glow to my skin; the rest of the year, I'd spend those same hours in the tanning salon; my reddish-blonde hair was set off by that glow, and my bright blue eyes shone from my face. Standing around in my navy blue jock and workmen's boots, I looked butch and sexy. The jock cradled my 8" cock and my husky balls nicely, jutting out just enough to intrigue. 

I was talking to a guy named Marcus, who was one of the models that Mattie had invited. Mattie was a fashion director for a major magazine; so many of these guys had appeared in the pages of his magazine, while the remainder wanted to. Marcus was cute and somewhat well built, but this was the beginning of the 'heroin addict' look in models – when they were so thin and gaunt, that 3rd world children took pity on them. I'd had a few glasses of champagne and my 'wine blinders' were coming into play. A few more and I'd think that Mattie was a big, butch guy and let HIM fuck me! But that was before Andreas walked in. I'd seen him before at one of Mattie's events, but we'd never gotten a chance to talk. Andreas was one of those Latin boy hotties that just immediately draw the looks. OK, so maybe it was just MY attention he was getting, but he was worth it.

He was about my same height, but he'd spent more time in the gym, as he was a bit bulkier in his chest and shoulders – large flat pectorals hung evenly over his 6 pack abs, topped off by swirls of dark chest hair and nipples that leapt from his chest. He was wearing a towel wrapped around his waist, and I could see a bulge hanging beneath the folds of terry. His legs were defined and toned, disappearing just above the knees into his towel. His dark hair was cut short and framed his face as a masterpiece. Mattie immediately left the young porn star and headed off to Andreas, thrusting a drink in his hands while grabbing a hold of the bulge of his towel.

I continued chatting with Marcus, but my eyes kept darting back over to Andreas, stealing peeks at his physique. I couldn't be sure, but I thought I caught him looking away from me once or twice, as well. My heart fluttered and I could feel my cock stir in my jock. Marcus excused himself to hit the bathroom – probably for a bump of coke – and I wandered off to the bar area for a refill.

By now, the party was beginning to fall into orgy mode – more and more of the guys were gathering in an area by the wall of TVs, groping and grabbing at each other, pawing towels, jocks, Speedos and whatever else to the ground. Cocks were being stroked and sucked and groups were splitting off from the main crowd – heading towards couches and corners and the 'private' rooms off to the side. A few of the guys were piling on top of each other in the middle of the room, cocks and fingers prodding and poking the nearest hole.

I poured another flute of champagne, and a voice spoke up behind me "Can I get a refill of that, too?" in a deep and resounding timbre. I finished filling my glass and turned, nearly knocking his glass with the bottle of champagne. Andreas was standing less than 6 inches behind me, his smolderingly hot looks could have set me ablaze.

"Uh... sure!" I stammered, nearly dropping the bottle to the ground. I recovered myself and began to fill his glass slowly. "Mattie really knows how to throw a party, doesn't he?" I asked, trying to make small talk.

"He sure does. You know, I've seen you at some of his parties before. Are you a friend of his? Or one of the 'hired help'?" His lips twisted to a wry grin. "I mean, either way, it's cool."

"Oh... I've known that flamer since high school. She was the one that dragged me from the closet, kicking and screaming. But I love her for it and always stand by Mattie." I replied.

"Yeah, I used to work with Mattie. I would help him with the locations for the shoots. He knew I was gay and made a few attempts to get me in front of the camera – or in his bed. But he's just... He's... Well, he's Mattie!" We both laughed at this remark, as I felt that Mattie was like a sister or brother, and not anybody I'd want to have sex with.

"I know what you mean. While we were in high school, he used to get called 'Fag' and 'girlie-man' all the time, but he knew how to turn those taunts into his own gain, growing stronger with each barb. Turning him, quite frankly, into the bitchy queen he is today!"

We continued chatting with each other as the rest of the room blossomed into ancient Greece around us. We were surrounded by heaps of man flesh, cocks and asses bobbing up and down, in and out, men writhing on the ground and bent over sofas, all fucking and sucking, groaning and moaning in a sea of sweaty sexual pleasure. Every once in a while, a stray guy would come up to us, grabbing a cocktail, and trying to grab a cock or tail on us, as well. While we were always acknowledging the attention, the men would realize that we were busy and they'd be swallowed up by the roiling sea of sex all around us.

Not to sound like I was being Sister Pure of Thought, though, either. My dick stirred and shifted in my jock, as I'd catch a glimpse of the carnal heaps around us; the groans and moans of pleasure stiffening my cock from time to time. I'd noticed the front of Andreas's towel shift from time to time, as the sites and sounds around us whetted his sexual appetite, as well.

"Um... We both seem to be getting a little... um... preoccupied with the view. Do you wanna take this conversation to a quieter spot?" Andreas asked. We'd both been taking greater notice of the sea of sex going on around us. I looked down and could see that Andrea's cock was getting hard under his towel, and my own cock was attempting to pitch a tent in my jock strap. Andreas grabbed my hand and pulled me towards the wall of rooms beyond the bar.

We walked past a few doors, peering inside, catching glimpses of couples, 3-ways and 4-gies taking place in some of the rooms. The sound of sexual pleasure was all around us – moans and groans as hard meaty cocks stuffed asses, cries of lust as loads of cum were pumped deep inside willing asses, sprayed across heaving abs and chests, swallowed by hungry and eager mouths. We found a room that was empty and stepped inside.

In a matter of moments, Andreas had stripped the jock from me and dropped his towel to the ground. Hot and wet kisses covered my face and lips as my hands roamed over the landscape of his body. Our cocks, hard and hot, rubbed against the other, oozing pre-cum and smearing it on our bodies. My hands found his firm round ass and grabbed hold of the cheeks, spreading and kneading the mounds of flesh. A guttural groan sounded deep inside Andreas as my fingers prodded his pulsing sphincter.

I slowly began kissing my way down his body, licking and suckling his nipples, darting my tongue along his tight abs, until my lips found his hard cock, covered in our combined juices. I marveled at the site of his cock – protruding form his pelvis. The head of his dick glistened wetly as more pre-cum pushed from the slit and slid towards the shaft. I took his shaft info my mouth, sucking more and more of the pre-cum from his shaft, continuing to prod his ass with my finger.

Andreas thrust his cock deep across my tongue, slapping his balls against my chin, fucking my mouth as my fingers fucked his ass. I reached up and grabbed his tits with my other hand, tweaking each one, twisting the hard nipples, forcing new sounds of pleasure and lust from his throat. I felt his strong hands beneath my arms, lifting me from his cock. I continued fingering his ass and his tongue dove into my mouth, tasting the mixture of my spit and his pre-cum. "Fuck me!" he whispered hoarsely in my ear. His hand grabbed my throbbing cock and tugged hard. "Bury your cock deep in my hole. I want to you fuck me! Fuck me like I've never been fucked! C'mon man... FUCK ME!" He nearly yelled his desires into my ears, pulling me towards the small bed in the room. The TV mounted on the wall flickered with scenes of sexual carnage as the porn movies continued their endless loop. Asses were split and plowed by massive cocks, exploding shot after shot of hot semen across the celluloid butts.

He pulled me over to the bed and lay down upon it, his knees meeting his chest. I spit on my dick, rubbing the saliva along the shaft, mixing it with the smears of pre-cum. His ass quivered beneath me as I knelt in front of him, cock throbbing in the air. His chest heaved with each breath he drew deep inside, readying himself for the assault. I slid my cock into his ass, slowly letting the head penetrate his chute. He moaned in animal lust, flexing his muscles around the invading cock, sending ripples of pleasure through my shaft.

I slowly pushed further and further into his ass, feeling it constrict and relax around my fat cock. He would reach up and grasp my nipples with one hand or press against my chest, allowing my cock deeper into his ass at his own pace. His other hand stroked on his raging hard on or played with his nipples, rubbing against his abs and chest on the journey between his pleasure zones. I stroked his calves and thighs with my hands, resting my shoulders against the balls of his feet. Slowly, deeper, I penetrated his ass, thrusting my cock further inside his willing body.

I withdrew my cock, almost as slowly as I'd entered, only to push it back into his ass, faster and deeper. I built up the speed of each thrust, pushing faster and harder into his ass – feeling him breathing with each thrust. His had stroked his own cock, rubbing from the tip of the head to his balls. He put his other hand on my ass, pulling my cock deeper at the end of each thrust, feeling my balls flat against his spread cheeks; his own balls pressed between us. His breathing would quicken and get shallow and moans escaped his full lips. I could tell he was ready to let loose his orgasm, spreading his hot seed across his chest.

I pulled my cock out of his ass, telling him I wanted to feel him milk the hot sperm from my balls. He stood as I lay on my back and he straddled my form, slowly dropping his ass to meet the head of my dick. Slowly, I lowered his ass onto my cock, impaling him deep with my shaft. His cock bobbed and twitched above me, pulsing with the flow of his veins, pre-cum flowing freely from the head, dripping onto my abs.

Andreas would rise and lower on my hard shaft, clenching his ass tight around the base of my cock, drawing me deeper inside. His knees dug into the mattress and he rested a hand on my chest for support, leaning down to slip his tongue into my mouth. His rhythmic movements sent waves of pleasure through my body, churning the hot cum inside my balls, pressured for release. His other hand still pumped his own cock, his balls slapping against my abs with each deep penetration of my cock.

I could feel the cum churning deep inside my balls, rising up my cock shaft. "I'm cumming!" I yelled out in pleasure, not caring who could hear me. His hand was pumping quickly along the bronze shaft of his cock, pulling the skin tight as he jerked off. Moans and noises of lust escaped from his mouth as he rode my cock, causing gasping breaths to escape my lips. I felt the first surge of cum shoot from my dick, coating his ass with my juice. He let loose a war cry of pleasure as his first load shot from his cock, landing on my chin. He kept milking my cock while pumping his own loads. I filled his ass with shot after shot of hot cum, each thrust of his hand coaxing another shot from his cock, spraying my chest and abs with the white creamy fluid.

Andreas collapsed, shuddering against my chest as spasms wracked his body; cum was still flowing from his cock as my own cock oozed, deep inside his ass. We lay there for minutes, feeling the heat from our bodies. Our cocks softened as the last drops of cum slid out. Sounds of orgasm were coming in from the other rooms, from the main room, as the other men shot their loads of cum – filling asses and mouths, coating bodies with flying arcs of sperm. The porn videos continued to play as the live versions played out into a heaving mass of male flesh. We lay that way, basking in the glow of our sex, enjoying the feel of each other's body, slowly kissing and gently moving our hands along unfamiliar limbs, as the sexual friction eased in the other rooms.

After many minutes, we began to stand, heading towards the showers to clean the remnants of our liaison. The shower room was full of other men cleansing their bodies of cum and lube. Some were soaping their crotches, coaxing another hard on from their spent cocks. Some men showered together in pairs, kissing and rubbing their partner's body; letting the water cascade over their muscles, licking cum from abs, chests, and stiffening cocks. We knew this party would go another round, maybe right here and now, as the sexual charge was not quite spent.

Andreas and I showered and washed each other, caressing a body we had not known before that night. In the main room, we could hear the sounds of the music being turned up, signaling a change of course for the party. We finished showering; dried off and went to the main room.

Mattie was there, looking slightly disheveled, the white kimono hanging open. The young porn star was standing behind him, rubbing Mattie's neck and shoulders. Somebody was in the corner, lighting the candles on a cake for the celebration.

"Well, now that we've all gotten that out of our systems.... Or have we?" Mattie was eyeing a couple of guys making out, off to the side, stroking each other's stiffening cocks, stuffing tongues down willing throats. "Anyway, it is time for the birthday aspect of the party to take place. Then, we'll just SEE where this night goes!" He reached behind him, grabbing a handful of the porn star's cock. The cake was brought out, candles blazing.

Mattie leaned down and blew out the candles – 25 smaller ones surrounding a large pillar that had been shaped to resemble a cock. "Well, whaddya know... I did have another blow job left in me!" Laughter filled the room as Mattie pulled the cock candle from the cake. "I think I'll be saving this for later!" A look of unease crossed Mr. Porn Star, but quickly faded.

Mattie was handed packages and bags, gaily colored or wrapped, filled with gifts for the host. He would squeal with glee as he pulled items from the boxes and bags; soon a pile of love oils, lubes, dildos, movies and more was at his side. "I love each and every one of you for these fabulous gifts! And I really love each and every one of these gifts! I can't wait to try them all!" The gifts were cleared away, more drinks were served and consumed, and another man entered the club, dressed as a fireman – Mattie's favorite. New music blared from the stereo as the fireman took the center of the room and began to dance and strip.
