 This is a (mostly) true experience I had back in 1974. The names have been changed, primarily due to a lack of memory, however, the circumstances and 95% of the story is truth.

*****

My wife and I had lived in New York State, where we both had grown up. In 1973, after 5 years of marriage, we had separated, partly due to my final admission and acceptance that I was gay. I obtained training and was working for a trucking company that headquartered out of Orlando, Florida, and serviced the East Coast between Florida and Maine. After a couple of minor accidents, the company discharged me at the Orlando Terminal.

Instead of returning to New York, I elected to try and find another trucking job in Florida, and secured one, just outside Orlando. It was a local job, hauling sand, lime rock and crushed stone, using dump trailers. I rented a furnished mobile home in Orlando, as I was now home every night. Typically we worked from 6:00 AM to about 4:00 to 5:00 PM, Monday through Friday. The company maintained a fleet of 50 tractors, 45 Mack's and 5 Whites. I drove one of the Whites, number 849.

One of my fellow drivers, Virginia, one of 3 or 4 lady drivers, became quite friendly with me. She was married and had two sons, Mike was 18 and a senior in High School, and the other, David, was 3 or 4 years younger. Her husband also drove the same job, but with a different company.

Where Virginia lived was about 10 miles from my home, and on the way to where we both worked. I do not remember the reason, but I started to pick her up on my way to work, and dropped her off on my way home. We frequently ate lunch together and got to know quite a bit about each other. She had asked me about my marriage, and I openly admitted that I was gay.

A few times, when I brought her home, I was invited into the house for iced tea or coffee, even supper a couple times. I had met her husband, and both sons. Mike worked part time at a Steak & Shake restaurant. On one occasion, when I was in my car and ready to leave her house, Mike came running out to my car.

Mike questioned, "Why did you tell Mom you were gay?"

"It just came out in conversation one day, no real reason," I replied.

"Can I go home with you?" he asked.

"I guess, if it's OK with your Mom."

This excited me somewhat. I always have liked guys that are younger than myself, and Mike had a nice body. I was curious as to his reasoning, and was hoping he might want a blowjob. I'd never seen him undressed, but wished to. He ran back to the house to ask his Mom.

When Mike returned, "I've got school tomorrow, but I can go if you will bring me back by 10:00 PM." 

"That works for me, Mike. I have to get up by 4:30 AM to get breakfast and be to work by 6:00 anyway."

Mike hopped into the passenger side and we headed to my trailer. On the way, he asked to see my hand. I held it out, and he took it, and put my right thumb in his mouth, and sucked it a little.

Mike, releasing my hand, and smiling, "You think I can't do something?"

Oh shit, this might be better than I had dreamed. This kid is turning me on, evidently he might want my cock too. We got to my trailer, I unlocked the door and we entered. I put a record on the stereo.

"Can we go to your bedroom?" Mike asked.

I led Mike back to the bedroom, we were hardly inside when he started to unbuckle my belt, unzipped me, and pulled my pants and underwear down, exposing my erection, which was standing as tall as it gets. We both finished undressing, completely.

We lay on the bed, examining each other bodies with our hands and eyes. He displayed a handsome 7" of beautiful hard cock, and I was maxed out at about 5½". Yes, I wanted that cock in my mouth, and took it.

As I nursed his cock, enjoying the flavor of his steady flow of precum, he was getting steadily hotter and closer. I finally got him, he unloaded a healthy series of cum ropes into my mouth. He tasted really good, then started to soften. I pulled off and got into a kneeling position, and then he caught me completely off guard! He bent his knees, drawing them toward his chest, exposing his taint.

"I want you to fuck me!" he exclaimed.

Now, just a little about me. I have been sucking cock for most of my adult life, and I love sucking cock. For reasons I cannot explain, I never have gotten into anal sex. I have been fucked, maybe a dozen times, but had never tried to take the active role. At my current age of 75 I still have never planted my cock into another guys ass. I likely never will, now.

I didn't have any condoms or lube. I tried to insert the head of my erection into his tight hole, and started to go limp. Mike wanted something I just couldn't deliver on. I felt really bad, and somewhat embarrassed. My dick was behaving as if I had already shot my wad, but I had not. We gave up on that exercise. It just was not going to work!

Mike then rolled me over, knelt between my legs and lowered his mouth, engulfing my now flaccid cock into his warm mouth. In what seemed like seconds, I was fully erect again. He skillfully started to nurse my cock. It was feeling fantastic. I knew that if he continued, I was soon gonna blow. He was not only using his mouth but also his hand, and I was feeling my orgasm approaching.

As he continued the assault on my cock, I could feel myself getting closer and closer. Then he stopped, just letting my dick rest in his mouth. I was close and started to rock my pelvis, trying to fuck his mouth, and he pulled off, just seconds before I thought I was going to shoot. He then went down on it again. This time he was squeezing the base of my cock, right next to my sack. I was nearly ready to pop again, and he teased me, edging me, and keeping me on edge for what seemed forever.

"Mike! You're torturing me, you gotta let me cum!"

"I will," he answered, "just be patient. I'm loving this."

"I'm beyond climbing the walls, I'm hanging from the ceiling!" I cried.

Once or twice more he edged me. I was going crazy. I wanted, NEEDED, to get off. I tried to use my hand to jerk it, and he shoved it off, giving my hand a slap.

Finally, he let it happen. I shot off the most intense and likely the biggest orgasm of my life! Once that first rope shot into his mouth, I thought I was never going to stop cumming. Mike swallowed every spurt, and milked me. I felt like I had creamed six months worth of pent up ejaculate. It could not be, as, even today, I rarely miss a week without getting release.

During the last couple of years I have made the statement a few times, 'I may not be able to get it up anymore, but I can still get it off,' and it does still feel good to cum.

We got dressed, we thanked each other for the pleasure we both experienced, and I apologized again for not being able to fuck him. I took him home, and had him there shortly before 10:00.

A couple of weeks after that episode, I quit driving truck, and went to work for 7-Eleven. I never saw Mike or his Mom after that. I wonder what she would have thought, if she had known what we did that night. I'm not sure, but I suspect Mike is gay. He was 18 and I was 33.

Whenever I see a Steak & Shake, it brings back the happy memory of that night, 43 years ago. I have never before or since had anyone edge me the way that 18 year old boy did, the one that gave me the best blowjob ever.