 Richie hung up the phone. A huge smile formed on his face. He picked back up his phone, but paused, not sure who to call first. He couldn't believe he had won. 

Richie, a small-framed, brown-haired kid, who had just turned 19, tapped his mom's contact.

"Mom, I won," Richie exclaimed. "I have the best job in the world!" Richie quickly jerked the phone away from his ear to protect from his mom's screams of delight.

Richie had been chosen out of thousands of applicants to watch a private island for its owner. His main duties included keeping a daily blog and watching over the island with its small group of caretakers. And before Richie knew it, he was landing in his new home.

Richie watched as the plane that had taken him to his paradise island, taxied on the runway and took off. He watched knowing that it would be a full two months before it would return.

"Hi," a voice said from behind. "I'm Geoffrey." 

"Hey, I'm Richie."

"I'm one of the caretakers, let's go inside and I'll introduce you to the others."

As Richie followed him inside, he thought of how Geoff had the look of an island caretaker. Light brown skin, tall, thin and fit, even wearing loose, and slightly baggy clothing.

Once inside, Geoff introduced Richie to the two other island inhabitants: Dante and Shelby. 

Shelby was average height and had a more medium build. He was white with light brown hair.

"Hey," he greeted, "I'm an outdoor caretaker, with Geoff."

"He's my assistant," Geoff interjected.

"We're equals," Shelby countered.

Richie turned his attention to Dante. Dante was thin with sideburns that connected to his goatee. Somehow the look worked for him. Dante was white, but had some ethnicity...maybe Italian...

"Hi, I'm Dante," he started, "I keep up the house."

"He's the maid," Geoff added, with a smile. Richie smiled, it was clear they had a fun working relationship.

"Geoff's just mad because he lost at basketball," Dante explained.

"Rematch," Geoff said, pointing in Dante's direction.

"You guys play a lot?" Richie asked. He had always been decent at basketball, although he wasn't real tall.

"Yeah," Dante informed, "we usually play a game or two every afternoon."

"Cool," Richie supported.

"Dante," Geoff ordered, "Why don't you show Richie to his room?"

"Yes, master," Dante said with a smile, as he motioned for Richie to follow him.

Once they were out of ear shot, Richie asked, "So is Geoff, like, the boss?"

"No, we just let him think he is," Dante said with a smile.

***

At dinner, the four guys sat around the table, eating grilled chicken, prepared by Dante. 

"I'll admit," Shelby began, "that we had been hoping a girl would win the contest. But you seem okay."

"Thanks," Richie responded, noticing Geoff grin at Shelby's comment. Richie paused, he wanted to say something, to take a leap. One voice in his head pointed out that he barely knew the three other guys, while another voice countered he might as well be honest since they would be housemates for a while. By the time Richie worked up the courage, the conversation had taken another path.

"After the grass, the boat docks need some repairs," Geoff was saying.

"No problem," Shelby responded, "I'm almost done with painting the fencing."

Richie decided to redirect, "So you guys have girlfriends back somewhere?"

"I do," Shelby was first to answer, "Long distance relationships suck."

"I'm single," Dante answered next, "this job does have drawbacks."

"I'm single too," Geoff responded, "you?"

Richie took a deep breath, "Well, I'm bi, but single right now."

"Bi?" Dante asked.

Geoff and Shelby starred, as they waited for his answer.

"Yeah, bisexual," Richie clarified, "basically, I'm not picky when it comes to sex."

"Gotcha," Dante said. Geoff didn't say a word, but Shelby looked curious.

"So," Shelby started, "you've had sex with guys?"

"Dude?" Geoff interrupted, only to have Shelby gesture for him to buzz off.

"Yeah," Richie answered, "A few times."

"So what," Shelby continued, "are you like the pitcher or the catcher?"

Geoff put his food down nosily, and Dante looked increasingly uncomfortable, but Shelby wasn't being denied.

"Well, I've done both," Richie answered, "But I guess my preference is catcher."

"This is sick...I'm trying to eat," Geoff said, raising his voice. "Look," he said, looking at Richie, "whatever you're sexually into is fine with us, but we're all straight. And Shelby, if you want to quiz him then fine, but not while I'm trying to fucking eat."

With that, Geoff got up and left the dining room.

***

Richie laid on his bed, in a pair of blue pajama pants, and a white t-shirt, reading a book when there was a knock at the door. 

"Come in," Richie yelled, as Shelby walked into the room, closing the door behind him. Richie looked him over, wearing a pair of worn blue jeans, boots, and a short-sleeve polo shirt. 

Richie thought of Shelby as the more outgoing of the three, but at this moment he actually looked at little nervous. "You're probably getting pretty horny, being here for four days now, with all straight guys."

"I guess," Richie responded, not sure what to say, "I'll manage."

"Yeah," Shelby continued, "I'm sure horny. I haven't seen my girlfriend in almost a month."

"That sucks," Richie said. Richie started to connect the dots, but he needed to be sure he wasn't crossing a line. "Is there anything I can help you with?"

Shelby paused. "I think you know what I need help with."

Richie watched as Shelby dropped his hand down and grabbed at his crotch. That was more than enough of a hint for Richie. Richie reached out putting a hand on each one of Shelby's butt cheeks, and then pulled him to the edge of his bed.

Shelby's crotch was just inches away from Richie's face, as Richie moved a hand towards his fly.

"Wait," Shelby stated, stopping Richie as he had just unzipped Shelby's jeans.

"I'm not sure what you expect from me," Shelby quietly explained. "I mean, like, I'm not so sure about returning the favor."

"No problem," Richie assured, as he reached into Shelby's fly. Richie's hand reappeared, with Shelby's mostly soft dick in it. Richie didn't waste any time in playing with it, running his fingers over its smooth shaft and plump head. Richie used his other hand to rub Shelby's balls and ass crack through his jeans. It wasn't long before Shelby's dick started to expand.

"Yeah, jerk it," Shelby softly moaned, as he pulled off his shirt, exposing his solid chest. 

Within a minute, Richie found himself looking right at a hard seven and a half inch pole. Besides the length, Shelby had a considerable thickness, it was definitely a meatier cock.

"Kiss it," Shelby stated, as Richie's small, soft hand worked up and down his rock hard shaft.

Richie glanced up at Shelby's wanting eyes, and then back to his rocket. Pointing it straight ahead, Richie leaned in giving the head a gently kiss. Before Richie could react, he felt Shelby's hand on the back of his head and his mouth pushing forward over Shelby's hard cock.

"Yeah," Shelby moaned as his pushed Richie down six inches worth of his dick, before letting go. Richie retracted his mouth to Shelby's head, and then to Shelby's surprise, he gulped down all seven and a half inches.

"Oh, Fuck!" Shelby moaned, as Richie buried his nose in his pubic hairs. Shelby didn't have the slightest idea that between his length and girth that Richie was barely able to keep from gagging.

Richie kept swallowing the better half of Shelby's cock, as Shelby rolled his head back moaning. Shelby could feel his cock filling with warm giz, as he looked down towards his new friend. His shaft glistened in Richie's salvia, as Richie greedily sucked on his meat.

Richie's soft, wet lips slid up and down Shelby's rod for about five minutes, before Shelby yelled out, "I'm gonna cum!"

Richie pulled back, allowing Shelby's ready cock to drop out of his mouth. Then Richie wrapped his hand around Shelby's shaft and started jerking. 

"Oh, oh!" Shelby moaned, loudly, "Fuck!" Shelby's load gushed out, landing on the hardwood floor beneath him. After half-a-dozen shots of thick cream, Richie wrapped his mouth around Shelby's head to catch the last of the drizzle.

"Wow," Shelby said, catching his breath, "That was great."

Richie took one last gulp of Shelby's softening cock before pulling back. "My pleasure."

"So," Shelby started, "we're cool?"

"Definitely," Richie confirmed.

"Cool," Shelby responded, as he shoved his dick back into his jeans. Shelby quickly threw on his shirt and was out the door.

Richie watched him shut the bedroom door shut. Richie thought to himself how Shelby has a near perfect dick. It was big enough to satisfy his urges, yet it didn't hurt his jaw to suck on. Richie smiled, as he thought of something else Shelby's dick was perfect for.

"That would probably hurt a little," Richie said, quietly to himself. Then Richie looked down to the floor at the puddles of warm cum.

***

Shelby opened the screen door and walked into the house. He turned down the long hallway towards the bedrooms. Now done with painting, he had to retrieve his tool chest and get down to the docks. Of course, he had left it in his bedroom. 

As he moved into the doorway he noticed, Dante sitting at his computer. Shelby couldn't help but smile. Dante was watching porn, and clearly hard at work. 

"She has nice tits," Shelby commented about the porn. 

Dante quickly turned, just enough for Shelby to get a glimpse of his hard-on. Then he turned back towards the computer, as he forced his rocket back into his pants. "Sorry," Dante murmured.

"I know where you can get a great blowjob," Shelby offered, as he walked into his room and grabbed his tool chest.

"Where?" Dante asked, turning to face him, zipped up this time.

"Richie."

"Richie?"

"Yeah," Shelby stated, "It was fucking unbelievable."

Dante just looked at Shelby, seemingly unsure. 

"All you have to do is whip it out," Shelby assured, "He'll be all over you."

"Cool," Dante muttered, as Shelby left the room.

***

Dante and Geoff both sat with their bare backs against the chain-linked fence. Sweat ran down Geoff's chest as his breathing began to slow to normal. Dante sat next to him, almost touching, as he gulped down some water from his Gatorade bottle. 

"Good game," Dante said, between gulps. 

"You too," Geoff returned. "Part of me can't wait to be done here."

Geoff's statement was vague, but Dante knew what he meant. Both of them were only working on the island temporary. Dante's uncle had set them up with a six month gig. It sounded great at the time. Two friends off on an adventure. Only Geoff had become increasingly antsy. Dante couldn't help but feel a little guilty, since he was the one that had convinced Geoff to go. Luckily, they had less than two months left. By coincidence, they were going home about a week after Richie would leave. 

"I know," Dante agreed.

"I miss the food...no offense," Geoff offered, glancing over, "I just mean a better variety. I miss seeing more than three other people. I miss going to basketball games. I miss just seeing an actual female," Geoff laughed a little at the last comment, then continued, "I miss sex. I mean I've never been so bored of masturbating."

"Ha," Dante laughed, as he thought back to earlier in the day.

"What?" Geoff questioned, sensing more.

"Well," Dante started. There weren't many secrets between the two, "Shelby found a loophole."

Geoff waited, as Dante glanced towards him and continued, "Apparently..." Dante let the words hang, "Richie gives great head."

"Oh shit," Geoff said, as they both laughed.

"Shit," Geoff continued, "I guess I'm not surprised after that first dinner."

"Yeah, really," Dante agreed.

"I actually kind of like Richie," Geoff said, after a moment.

"Me too," Dante agreed, "He's easygoing."

"Well," Geoff modified, "I like him...just not as much as Shelby." The two laughed.

***

Deep asleep, Dante was dreaming about the thing the most guys dream about. That is until he was suddenly slapped in the face.

Dante's eyes shot open, to see Shelby standing over top of the couch he was napping on.

"What's wrong with you?" Dante asked, his voice going in and out, as he woke up.

"Are you horny?" 

"No," Dante answered, defensively, "just tired."

"I don't believe you," Shelby stated, glancing downward. Dante followed Shelby's eyes down to his own crotch which was pitching a serious tent.

Dante grunted as he sat up, rearranging his shorts. "Give me a break, I just woke up."

"Come on," Shelby continued, grabbing Dante's wrist.

Dante followed Shelby back towards the bedrooms, still trying to wake-up. Dante fully started taking in the situation right as they entered Richie's room.

"We're horny," Shelby declared, as Richie looked up at them from reading a book on his bed.

"Hey," Dante started, wanting to clarify, before Shelby interrupted him.

"Help us out," Shelby asked, as he pulled Dante to the foot of the bed. Richie lay down on the bed so his face was in-line with the crotches of his two housemates.

"Show him your meat," Shelby coxed Dante.

"Hey," Dante began, again ready to protest, only to be cut-off again.

"Fine," Shelby replied, as if anticipating his hesitation, "I'll help you out."

Shelby put one hand on Dante's butt, and used his other hand to unzip the fly of Dante's jeans. Then, to Dante's surprise, his hand shot inside. A moment later, Shelby's hand reemerged wrapped around Dante's boner.

Richie quickly moved in its direction, as Dante brushed away Shelby's hand.

"You don't have to..." Dante started, before stopping. This time Dante didn't stop because of Shelby, he stopped because of the feeling of Richie's mouth running down his pole. Dante let out a breath, as Richie moistened his dick.

Shelby gently groped Dante's ass, as they both watched Richie turn his dick stiff.

Shelby unzipped his shorts and pulled out his own hardening meat. "Share the love," Shelby said, as Richie switched. Soon Richie was taking turns working on both dicks, as he used his hand to jerk the one that wasn't in his mouth. 

After a few minutes, Shelby couldn't help himself as he directed a comment to Dante, "If you're not comfortable with this, Richie can stop."

Richie deep throated Dante as he answered, "No, it's okay."

"Okay?" Shelby continued, "What an endorsement."

Dante grinned, as he pushed Shelby, "It's fucking great."

Richie was in paradise. Two hot guys joking around as he got them off? What could be better?

Richie pegged Dante's dick at around seven inches, a little shorter than Shelby's. Maybe a bit thinner too. But delicious.

Soon Richie was back on Shelby's cock, and he notified, "I'm gonna nut!"

Richie held his face just an inch away from Shelby's cock, as he jerked Shelby with one hand and Dante with the other.

"Oh fuck!" Shelby's load blasted out, hitting Richie in the face. The cum ran down Richie's cheek and chin. 

Watching Shelby unload was enough for Dante. He moaned loudly as he sprayed his thick cum over Richie's face. After his first shot, Richie moved in, deep throating his cock and taking the rest of his load down his throat.

Richie backed off of the two, with their cum mixing and dripping off of his face onto the floor below. 

"Great blowjob!" Shelby announced, as he zipped up and left the room.

"Yeah," Dante agreed, zipping up.

"Are you okay?" Dante asked, unsure of the procedure.

"I'm great," Richie confirmed.

"Thanks," Dante said sincerely, as he followed Shelby out of the room.

***

Geoff and Richie walked on to the basketball court and started playing. Richie was determined for this to be the game that he beat Geoff. Richie was aggressive on both defense and offense, and soon he was winning, ten baskets to eight, but the reason may have been less skill and more the Geoff was increasingly distracted. Richie grabbed the ball and Geoff came up for the steal, as Richie turned just in time. Geoff's crotch innocently bumped into Richie's ass, as the game continued. From that instance on, Geoff was reading more into the basketball plays than Richie was intending. 

"I think you've just been beat," Richie said, turning to Geoff with a smile. Geoff looked at Richie in his t-shirt and gym shorts. Geoff knew Richie had to be attracted to him, especially just wearing a white t-shirt and his red basketball shorts. 

"I guess you deserve a prize," Geoff answered. 

"No, that's okay," Richie said, bending down, catching his breath.

Geoff thought for a second, and then knew what he was missing, he pulled off his shirt, exposing his lean, but toned chest, glistening in his sweat.

"No, I'm sure there's something you want that I could help you with," Geoff responded.

"Like what?" Richie said, still breathing hard.

Geoff wondered, "what is he joking?" "Well," Geoff continued, "It's kind of sweaty right now, but I bet you could clean it off."

"Nah, it's your basketball," Richie said without hesitation, as he picked up the ball.

"What the fuck?" Geoff asked, as Richie looked up at him stunned. "You blow Shelby and Dante without a second thought, but what do I have to do? Beg?"

"I didn't know you -"

Geoff cut him off, "Do you want it or not?"

Richie dropped the basketball and walked over to Geoff, kneeling on the court's pavement. Richie grabbed the waistband of Geoff's shorts and boxers underneath and pulled them down just far enough to free his manhood. Richie jerked his head back a few inches as Geoff's semi-hard monster popped out. It had to be a good ten inches. Richie took a few seconds to stare at his large, brown cock, before pulling back up his boxers and shorts and standing up.

"What are -"

This time Richie cut him off, "I'm not interested, sorry." And to Geoff's disbelief, Richie turned and walked out of the court.

After a stunned second, Geoff threw on his shirt, rearranged his package, and ran after Richie, "Hold up!"

"What the fuck?" Geoff asked, coming up next to Richie. 

"Sorry, you're not my type," Richie responded.

Geoff reached out and grabbed Richie's arm, forcing him to stop, "What do you mean?"

"You're way too big," Richie sighed, "there's no way that's going towards my mouth or worse."

"Well," Geoff countered, "it's not like I expect you to take the whole thing."

"No way," Richie responded, "It's just not happening." Richie pulled away from Geoff and began walking again.

"So what?" Geoff exclaimed moving in front of Richie, "Because I'm big I don't get anything?" 

Richie stopped for a second and sighed, "I'm sorry Geoff." Geoff just stood on the side of the street and watched as Richie continued to the house. 

To be continued...