 It didn't take long for us to finish off the six pack between stolen kisses and secret sideways glances. Alec was lying with me on the couch as we watched television. His head was on my chest, my long fingers running through his hair, the smell of his Irish Spring shampoo teasing my senses. I twisted my fingers in his hair gently and pulled his head back, looking into his eyes, wondering... He smiled the perfect, heartbreakingly beautiful smile I had tried to copy so many times. My heart skipped, he laughed a little and I sighed, releasing his hair and tracing my fingers down his spine, feeling goosebumps erupt beneath my fingers. My brain was buzzing from the alcohol and the beautiful boy in my arms, but more from the boy than the booze. I wrapped my arms around him and kissed the top of his head.

"Alec, can I ask you something?" The burning hazel of his eyes scalded into my own again and I had to look away.

"Sure."

"Who is the man you love?"

His cheeks turned crimson and he was off of the couch and across the room before I realized what was happening.

"I'm gonna run to the store and get some more booze, dude. Anything you want in particular?"

"Alec, what just happened?"

"Nothing, man. Just gotta get more beer. It isn't far to walk."

"It's snowing like hell out there."

"I'll wear a coat." 

I followed him to his room and leaned against the frame of the door, watching him get dressed. I couldn't keep myself from admiring his beautiful form. His back and shoulder muscles were perfectly sculpted, his butt was round and tight, his legs were long and muscular. His skin was smooth and pale, nearly iridescent under the lights of his room. He turned and saw me watching him.

"Feel free to pay if you like the show that much."

"There's no way I could afford you."

"Shut up, you're making me feel weird."

"No," I thought, terrified that he was having second thoughts. I crossed to him and grabbed his hand, placing my other hand under his chin and tilting his face up to mine. 

"I don't want you to feel weird about any of this." I leaned down and kissed his lips impossibly softly, then pulled away. He just stood there and looked at me. "We never have to talk about this again." I turned to leave his room, feeling the disappointment and frustration burning across the back of my neck. Then his arms were around my waist and his face pressed into my back, between my shoulders. 

"I'm not mad, Trey. Don't leave."

I intertwined my fingers with his and held his hands there, pressed to my chest, feeling my heartbeat between his fingers. 

"What do you want me to do, Alec?"

"I want you..."

I waited. Nearly a minute passed.

"You want me to what?"

"Don't be an idiot!" he said, letting go of my hands and punching me lightly in the back. "I want you. That's all. I don't want you to do anything... No, I mean.. I don't have a reason for this, but I want you more than I have words to tell you. I have wanted you since I knew what it meant to want someone. Always. I knew for sure when you carried me home that day I broke my leg cause I crashed my bike."

"Dude, we were like..twelve..."

"Yeah."

I turned to face him.

"It's me?"

"Trey, it always has been."

"Say it, Alec." His cheeks burned crimson again and I leaned forward and kissed them, smiling. 

"Trey, don't make me..."

"I want to hear you say it, so I can be sure." I hovered close to him, teasing him with a kiss that I wouldn't let him have. Not yet. He ran his hands up my chest, bringing them to rest on my shoulders. The hazel eyes were full of something I had never seen there before, and his touch sent electricity coursing through my body. 

I was naked in the middle of my best friend's room. He was half naked, his arms around me, so close that I could taste his skin. It was almost surreal, just a few hours ago I had been so certain that I was alone in this. I put my arms I around his waist, pulled his bare chest against mine and leaned down, biting his neck hard. He whimpered and I grinned, kissing the spot I had just bitten. I felt him melt into me and I brushed back his golden hair as I kissed up his neck to just under his ear, then along his jawline . 

"Just a few words, Alec. That's all it will take." He was shaking, and I held him to me more tightly. He turned his head away from me and bit his bottom lip. I was almost overwhelmed with envy. I longed to bite that lip again. Hard. I took a deep breath and focused on his breathing, which was light and shallow. He turned his face to me again and pulled a little away from me, searching my eyes for something. He smiled weakly, and I felt that if he started shaking any more he might fall apart at the seams. His eyes strayed to my lips for a moment before locking on my own eyes.

"Trey, you are my life."

I intertwined my fingers behind his back and pulled him close to me again. He wrapped his arms around my neck. I don't remember if I initiated the kiss or if he did, but it was the kind of kiss that exploded throughout my entire existence. It was soft, almost uncertain, but I wouldn't wish it any other way. I felt as if I were kissing him for the first time all over again, and as he pulled away I opened my eyes, feeling as if every puzzle piece I had ever been missing had suddenly appeared right in place. I felt like I could hardly breathe, and the smile on Alec's face mirrored the one on mine. I leaned in to kiss him again, and this time I gently bit his lower lip, sucking on it, tracing patterns on it with my tongue. I couldn't stop smiling as I kissed him, I felt his strong arms around my neck and I pulled him even closer to me, as if I might be able to pull him right into my heart, where he had always belonged. 

I held him and kissed him and felt like I was seeing the sun for the first time in my life. Like he was the rain and I was new-growing things, and he was bringing me to life. I couldn't breathe right, but I didn't need to breathe. I could kiss him and live forever. 

My hand snaked up his back and my fingers tangled in his silk hair, pulling his head back, away from me, and I bit his throat, sucking gently. I knew it would leave a mark, and that was what I wanted. I wanted to mark him for the world to see. He squirmed a little, inhaling sharply. I pulled away from him, my fingers still in his hair, and looked deep into his eyes.

"You are mine, Alec."

"Yours."

I fell to my knees in front of him and unbuttoned the jeans he had pulled on not long ago, pulling them down to reveal the beautiful length that I was beginning to become familiar with. I kissed the tip of his cock, which was already hard, and smiled at the drop of precum that was left glistening on my lips. I stood again and pushed him backward until the back of his legs hit the bed and he fell backward, where he kicked his jeans all the way off. He looked up at me desperately. 

"Trey, make me yours for real. Take everything I am. I need you."

I got on top of him, my hands on the bed on either side of his head, my stiff erection grinding against his as I moved my hips back and forth slowly, watching the pleasure dance across his face. The excitement was a tense knot in my stomach. I had wanted this for so long. I had longed for the feeling of his skin against mine, his soul and body bare to me for a brief moment in time, when all the cards were in my hand and it was up to me to decide how to play them. I smiled and touched his beautiful face softly with my hand. 

"This is my first, Alec."

"Mine too, Trey. It's what I have been waiting for."

"I've been practicing.." I bent to kiss him deeply, our tongues tangling with each other. Every little sound that he made sent waves of pleasure rocking through my entire body. "Are you sure you want me?"

"Trey, I need you." 

I smiled again and moved my way down his body, taking his perfect length in my hand and laying between his legs. I kissed up and down the shaft, then started sucking him, quickly. It felt like if I didn't go fast enough, this crystal moment would shatter and I would wake up to a world in which pretty brunette girls were what Alec really wanted and I was just a roommate and best friend. I sucked him deep, rolling his heavy balls between my fingers and humming quietly, the vibrations traveling through his throbbing cock all the way into his core. He gasped and thrust into my hungry mouth, hard, and I responding by sucking him even harder. I stopped for a few moments to lick his sweet, smooth balls, before engulfing his cock again. My middle finger snuck downward to tease his tight pink hole, and the sharp inhale told me that he was getting close. His hand on my head made me pause and look up at him.

"Not like this, Trey. I want to be yours." I smiled and climbed back up, leaving a trail of kisses along his flat stomach and biting each of his nipples lightly before kissing him again. His cock was wet from my saliva, and I straddled him, pressing the head of his swollen member against my tight hole. I had been preparing for this moment for so long that my muscles were well trained. I knew just what to do. I smiled at him and closed my eyes, relaxing and letting out my breath before pushing myself down on him hard. There was a moment of painful resistance, but then his thick pink head stretched its way into my tight hole and I felt my muscles contract around him. Alec let out a little whimper of absolute ecstasy and writhed in pleasure beneath me. I licked my fingers and lubed myself up a little more before pressing myself all the way down onto him. He looked up at me, and the adoration that I saw in his eyes drove me wild. I slid myself all the way up his cock, til the head nearly popped out, and then I slammed myself back down again. His cock stretched me so far, filled me so incredibly. I could hardly believe that my best friend was underneath me on his bed with his cock balls deep in my tight virgin ass. My head fell back in pleasure.

I moved and he moved with me. Every time I pushed myself down, he thrust himself up to meet me, making our union that much harder and more passionate. Whatever pain there had been at the beginning of his entrance was erased as he nudged against my prostate and sent me cascading through worlds of pleasure I had never imagined could exist. I rocked with him deep inside and felt an orgasm unlike any I had before in my life building deep inside me. It felt like it was squeezing itself out through my bone marrow and exploding through my nerves like firecrackers. My body was being engulfed in the flames of our passion and pleasure. I kept rocking, rising and falling, drawn ever nearer to the edge. I opened my eyes and looked at my best friend, my lover, and he was staring at me. Chills tingled up my spine.

"What?" I gasped with him buried inside me.

"You are the most beautiful thing I have ever seen."

I placed my hand on his chest and felt his heartbeat underneath my fingers as I bent over, my tongue tracing the outline of his lips before I kissed him again, so deeply that I almost lost myself in him. I broke away for a moment, wrapped my arms around him and brought my lips close to his ear, my breath quickening as he pounded into me and the orgasm of my life started ripping through my body.

"Alec, I love you." I whispered as I exploded thick ropes of cum between our sweat-shined bodies. At my words, his fingernails raked down my back and with a moan that was almost a scream he filled me with his orgasm. We came together for what could have been hours, our bodies convulsing with involuntary spasms of pleasure. I gathered enough energy to roll off of him onto my side, sitting up long enough to kiss the head of his softening cock, licking the cum that was left on my lips. I fell back next to him on my side, closing my eyes, only opening them when I felt him draw close to and bury his head against my chest. I held him tightly in my arms, kissed the top of his head. Our breathing aligned. Together we fell into the ether of dreamless sleep.