 This is chapter 2 of my story. The story picks up after a chance encounter I had a few weeks after my high school graduation. That encounter took place with a former teacher in the restroom of a local motel lobby. Mr. Mack, my former teacher, introduced my curious young mind and body to the pleasures of male on male oral sex in that restroom. 



 The next 2 weeks after my encounter with Mr. Mack left me feeling pretty confused. I wasn't sure about anything. I didn't think I was gay, but I was so turned on by it it made me wonder. I was also very nervous about him telling people. I didn't realize yet that gay men can be very discreet. I had yet to return to the motel restroom because I couldn't muster up the courage.

 I was feeling so many mixed emotions about everything.. I was only 18 and my understanding of sexual preferences was that you had to be gay or straight. I still liked girls. however, I would fantasize about that day in the restroom when I masturbated. It made me hard just to think about it. I could not understand in my young mind what was going on. It confused me as to why I was having these lustful thoughts for Mr. Mack, but still wanted to be with girls. 

 The truth was that I wanted him again. I wanted to do more with him. I wanted to feel his body against me, feel his mouth on mine, and feel his mouth on my cock. I wanted to hold his cock in my hand and suck it with my mouth. However, I was young, scared and lacked the knowledge or courage act on my desire. 

 I looked his name up in the phone book. This was the days before caller ID so I would call his house and listen to his answering machine. His deep velvety voice would say "Hey, this is Mack. You know what to do, so do it," 

That phrase, "you know what to," gave me so many fantasies. If he answered, I would hang up or pretend like I had the wrong number. I also found out where he lived from the phone book and I would ride past his house and imagine going inside to replay our encounter. I wanted so badly to go knock on his door but I did not have the courage.

 I finally got up the nerve to go back into the motel almost two weeks after my afternoon with Mack. I was apprehensive once again as I entered through the back door by the pool and then made my way into the restroom. My heart felt like it was stuck in my throat and I was breaking out in a sweat. I opened the second door in the restroom and peeked inside. It was empty. I felt a sense of relief and I opened the stall door where Mack and I had our fun. I sat down inside the stall and began to stroke my cock as I read the writing on the wall. I noticed that there had not been many new offers of blow jobs written on the walls, but there was one new message that made my heart stop.

 Scrawled on the wall, just above the toilet paper dispenser, was a message that said, "Let's do it again,. You were amazing, leave a date & time." 

 Excitedly, I thought to myself, "Did Mr. Mack write that?" 

 I got really horny thinking about Mack and if he had written that. I sat in the stall and read the other messages and played with my cock until I was pretty worked up. I was slightly startled when I heard the outer door open. I panicked a little and quickly got my shorts pulled up over my erection and exited the stall. 

 When I opened the stall door I was greeted by a shorter guy who looked to be in his early 40's. I quickly started to move past him but we lightly brushed against each other we passed. Our eyes met for a second and we both paused to check each other out. 

 He had piercing blue eyes, jet black hair and olive skin. He was only about 5'8 so I towered over him with my 6'3" frame. I noticed that his jeans were very tight and there was huge noticable bulge in his crotch. He caught me looking and he reached down and rubbed his hard, bulging cock. I was new to this, but I knew what that meant. He wanted some action, but I was not ready to be with a different man. I quickly turned and started to leave.

 I was walking toward the outer door and I heard him say in an calm and inviting voice, " You in a hurry?" He paused briefly, and then added, "You don't have to leave." 

 I just kept on walking. I got to my vehicle and took off as fast as I could. As I pulled out of the parking lot, my mind was racing. I thought about the man with the huge bulge and then back to the message written on the wall. I wondered to myself if Mack had written it or were there some other men who were hooking up in the restroom. 

 The latter was certainly a plausible explanation. There was a bunch of writing on the wall and the short guy with the big cock bulge was obviously there looking for something. However, the possibility that Mr. Mack had left the message for me was what had me both excited and unsure.

 When I got home that day I was more confused than ever. The message on the wall and the man I had brushed up against had my mind working overtime trying to figure out what was going on. I needed to go out and clear my head. I called my a couple of my buddies and we made some plans to go out, get drunk and get laid. We decided that we would each tell our folks that we were spending the night at each other's house. We could party all night without having to worry about a curfew. This was a trick we had perfected. 

 My friends and I left about 8:00 and we bought a 6-pack and some smokes. After riding around for a little while and sipping our beers we decided to hit up a local hotel bar. It was not the same place where I hooked up with Mack. It was a nicer and on the other side of town. This bar's patrons had a wide range of ages, but this night there were plenty of young females who were loose and liberated from the alcohol consumption. 

 It didn't take long before we were sitting at a table with a group of girls we knew from school. They were a couple of years older than us, but since they had never gone away to college they didn't mind hanging out with us. It did t take long before my friend Jacob was hooking up with Brandy, a large breasted, but air headed blonde. Derek, my other buddy, was getting in good with Joann. Joann was tall and thin with beautiful long black hair, but she had the reputation of being a cock tease. 

 That left me with Maggie. Maggie was a fun girl to hang out with. We had actually hooked up a few times before when she used to hang out with my older sister. She had even given me a hand job two times before, but never any intercourse. Maggie stood about 5'6 and had a nice curvy frame. She had shoulder length brown hair, dark brown eyes, nice set of tits, and a thick bottom. She wasn't drop dead gorgeous, but she was cute and funny. After a few drinks together I thought we might have something going on. We were definitely making a connection and going beyond harmless flirtations. 

 The six of us sat around drinking, laughing, flirting and even some light kissing. We decided to leave about 10:30 and made plans to meet up at the apartment the girls shared. The other two couples all left in Brandy's car and that left me and Maggie to go in mine. Maggie seemed excited about being alone together in my car. Just before we got up to leave She teasingly whispered in my ear. "Remember what we used to do when I spent the night with your big sis?" 

 I grinned at her, and as confidently as I could, I French kissed her and then said "I think about it all the time. Maybe tonight we can do more." 

The other couples saw our kiss and Brandy said, "Uh-Oh looks like Maggie is finally gonna rob that cradle. She's wanted you for a couple of years, but your sister was always a cock blocker." 

 At that point, I was very hard, very horny and a little bit pissed at my sister. I was ready to have sex with a girl. I thought it would make me forget about Mack I didn't know yet how being with a girl would confuse me even more. 

 Maggie giggled and laughed after our kiss and turned a bit red when Brandy exposed her crush on me. I was feeling 10 feet tall and bulletproof and I was sure that I was about to lose my heterosexual virginity. Maggie and I held hands as we left the table and followed our friends out of the bar. The night seemed to be shaping up just like I thought it would. 

 However, as we walked to my car I realized how drunk Maggie was. She was barely able to walk on her own. I had to help her to the car and I started to think that getting laid was a long shot. She was getting sloppy. I took her to her apartment, helped her get inside and she immediately passed out on the living room sofa. The other two couples had arrived before us and were laughing and playing quarters at the table. They asked if I wanted to play, but I saw where this was going and being a fifth wheel wasn't in my plans. Joann mentioned something about Maggie not being able to hold her liquor. "Don't worry," she added, "Maggie does this all the time. She'll rebound in a little while and you'll still get lucky."

 I looked over at Maggie who was passed out on the couch in a very awkward position. I wasn't into waiting around for her to rebound. I decided to go back out. I said goodbye to my friends, but I don't think they even saw me leave. 

 I was slightly buzzed and still horny from my flirting with Maggie. It was only about 11:00 and I wasn't ready to go home. I started thinking about Mack again and about the message on the wall. The beers from earlier had doused my apprehensions and decided to go drive by Mr. Mack's house. 

 He lived in nice small house on the outskirts of town. His place was set off the road and hidden by some trees. I couldn't tell as I got close to his house if there were lights on, but I had made up my mind that I was going to see if he was home. I became fully committed to my desires when I turned in to the driveway and slowly made my way to his house.

 Mack must have seen my car coming because he was coming out on the porch when I pulled up to the house. He was staring at my car and looking confused. I realized that he didn't know what I drove. I didn't want him to be alarmed so I stopped the engine and got out. He recognized me as soon I stepped away from my vehicle and he waved to me as I walked up to the house. My stomach was in knots. We hadn't talked since that day in the restroom. 

 He had a welcoming smile and motioned for me to join him on the front porch. Mack seemed very excited to see me. After we greeted each other with hellos and an awkward handshake. Mack asked, "Have you been back to the motel?" 

 I nodded and tried to sound cool and said "Yeah, I was there today."

 He moved closer towards me and asked in a flirtatious voice," Did you see the message I left?"

 I suddenly got a case of the nerves but I managed to reply, "I hoped that was you but wasn't sure" And for some reason I told him about the man I saw in the restroom earlier that day. 

 Mack listened attentively as I described the scene from earlier that day in the bathroom. After I was finished he just nodded and didn't say a thing about it. It seems to me that there was something familiar to him about my encounter from earlier that day. However, I didn't say anything else because I thought that he may not like the prospect of me hooking up with another guy. 

 The warm night air was hanging heavy on me as we stood on his front porch. It just made the sexual tension that much more intense. Mr. Mac had on shorts and a sleeveless t-shirt. He looked really good. The shorts were those old style, jogging shorts with the white piping on seam. They hugged his plump behind and I could see a bulge growing in the front. The t shirt wasn't too tight on his hairless chest, However, it was flattering of his chest and arms which to my surprise were kind of muscular. He hadn't taken off his shirt in the restroom so I didn't see what a sexy body he had until that moment. My cock was swelling in anticipation.

 We stood on the porch for a minute and made small talk about school and college that was just a few weeks away. After a little small talk there was an uncomfortable silence that lasted maybe 10 seconds, but it seemed like an eternity. 

 Finally he asked, "so what brings you to my house at at this time on a Friday night?" 

 I was not sure what to say and just kinda shrugged my shoulders. I wanted him. I wanted to kiss him, to feel his mouth on my cock again, but I couldn't bring myself to say that. 

 He sensed this and then asked with a flirty smile "you looking for some action?" 

 I nodded my head. He walked over to me, stood behind me and put both hands on my shoulders and asked "What time are your folks expecting you home?" 

 I told him that they thought I was spending the night at my friend house. 

 He smiled and asked "Does that mean I get you for the whole night?" 

 "Maybe," I replied. 

 I was so nervous. But I also was hungry for him. He massaged my shoulders as he stood behind me. He kissed the back of my neck and started to rub my chest as grouped my body close to his. I felt my head get light. My cock was already rock hard.

 He turned me around and I leaned into him and kissed him deeply. I put my hands on his thick ass and squeezed it hard. We kissed deeply and I felt his hard clock rubbing against me. I think we both were surprised at my lack of apprehension I couldn't wait to get more of this man. We groped and kissed on the porch for a several minutes. 

 He whispered in my ear "This will be more fun than your friend's house." 

 My hands moved down inside of his shorts and I had both hands on his hard cock. It felt so warm and rigidly hard. I can still feel his fat head and the bulging veins. 

 I wanted to taste him again. I dropped to my knees, pulled his shorts down enough to free his cock and I took it in my mouth and began to suck. I knew that the beers had loosened me up because I never would have been that aggressive if not for the courage from my buzz. 

 I was sucking his hard cock and loving every second of it when he pulled me up and kissed me deeply and passionately. He looked me in the eye, gave me a flirtatious smile and said "Lets go inside."

 When we got inside he led me to his bedroom. I was on that euphoric sexual high again. My mind was floating and lustful desire was controlling me. I was so hard at this point that I had an aching feeling in my cock.. I remember walking behind him as we went into his bedroom and staring at his thick sexy ass. It looked damn good and I wondered if I would fuck him. 

 Once we were in the bedroom we stood face to face in front of his king size bed and began to make out and grope each other again. I remember thinking how normal and easy this felt, but yet it was all so strange. Just a few months before I was sitting in his Accounting class and now here I was standing in front of his bed, kissing him deeply and our hands were all over each other. He was also old enough to be my father, but none of that mattered. It felt so right. 

 We kissed and stroked each others cocks for a few minutes more. Somewhere in the kissing and groping our clothes ended up on the floor. We laid side by side on the bed and continued to kiss. I could not stop massaging his ass. It was so soft, round and smooth. 

 We were rolling around on the bed and after a few minutes Mack had ended up lying on his stomach. I was on top of his back kissing his neck and grinding my hard cock on his thick bare ass. My cock was In between his ass cheeks and I started to slide my dick up and down his plump ass cheeks. It felt so smooth. His ass was completely hairless and my pre-cum made his ass crack slick.

 "Mmmmmm,". Mack moaned. "That feels good." 

 I wasn't sure how to respond so I just said "Your ass is nice." 

 He asked "Do you want to do more?"

 The buzz was wearing off but my inhibitions were definitly lowered and my confidence higher. I answered him by grinding my cock harder, licking the back of his neck. "I want to be inside of you," I replied. 

 Mack rolled over underneath me. We were face to face and we kissed some more. I remember noticing his whiskers for the first time then. I am not sure if it was the angle or not, but I hadn't noticed the roughness of his chin whiskers and his mustache before then. The whiskers felt rough, but sexy and manly. I leaned in to kissed him again as he wrapped his legs around me. It all felt so good and so right. 

 Both of us were extremely hard and our cocks were grinding together. That was my first cock to cock experience and it was amazingly intense. The feeling of masculinity from each of us was something that made me want him more. 

 Mack said, "You are so fucking sexy. Your cock is going to feel so good inside of me. Give me a minute, I have to get ready."

 Mack got out from under me and crawled on all fours to the foot of the bed. There was just enough light in the room to see all of him. Damn, his bubble butt looked good. I can still get a hard on when I picture that soft, hairless, bubble butt

 He crawled off the bed and said "I'll be right back, stud."

 I just smiled and said "I'm not going anywhere."

 He went into the master bathroom and closed the door. At the time I didn't know about cleaning up before anal sex. It seemed like he was gone forever and I was starting to have second thoughts. My buzz was fading and a guilty feeling washed over me.

 Those feelings went away when he came back in the room. I was sitting up on the bed with my back against the headboard. Mack crawled between my legs and took my cock in his mouth. He was face down and ass up between my legs. It was a sexy sight. 

 He sucked me differently than in the restroom. He seemed to be savoring my cock. He very slowly licked up one side and down the other and the took the head in his mouth and basically French kissed The head of my dick. I moaned in pleasure and ran my fingers through his hair. 

 My 8 inches were rock hard again and Mack told me to reach into the drawer in the nightstand to get the condoms and lube out. I retrieved both items and Mack got onto all fours in front of me. Damn that ass looked sexy. I really couldn't believe that I was so turned on by the sight of his round ass, but I was. 

 My instincts told me I should eat his ass before I fucked it. I knelt down behind him and spread his ass cheeks and licked his ass from top to bottom. I liked how I made him moan and the way his hole opened up for me. I focused my efforts around his puckered little hole. Mack was getting hotter and was pushing his ass back on my face. "Ooooohhhhhh," he cried, " That feels amazing." 

 He reached back with his hand and pulled my hair while my face was buried between his cheeks.. I could not stop myself from doing any of this. It all felt so good and so right. I massaged his ass with both hands. We were both moaning with pleasure. I loved the way it was turning him on. I reached between his legs and stroked his hard cock and kept up the assault on his puckered rosebud. Finally, Mack breathlessly said "I need you to fuck me"

 He told me what to do. "Squeeze some lube on your fingers, work it In me and then put on the condom." 

 I reached for the lube and condoms and started to rub his hole with the lube. I was quickly learning what to do and slowly started to finger fuck his ass. My lust for him was growing as he rocked his sexy thick bubble butt back and forth. Finally, he said "Ok, you can fuck me when you're ready." 

 I had no experience at topping and did not know to ease my cock in. Mack was in front of me on all fours. His sexy round ass was staring at me. I positioned myself behind him and guided my cock to his hole. I quickly slid my cock in his ass with one quick thrust. 

 He gasped, probably in a little pain, and said "You have to go slow at first."

 Then he asked, "Did you put on the condom?" 

 I had gotten so caught up in the moment that I had forgot about that. I sheepishly said "No, I forgot to. Do I need to stop?" 
