 If sex can break friendship, love can heal it.

After that fateful night at the cabin, things changed rapidly among me and my friends. Darryl had not spoken a word to any of us, but me and the others had grown closer than normal male friends would ever get. It was only a week later when I found myself on the dirty carpet floor of Franz' house again, again sucking the hard phallus of a boy I had known my whole life.

Franz' cock was now so familiar to me, his thick, shiny head so comfortable in the back of my throat, his long, thin shaft so easy to wrap my lips around, that sucking him off felt like tasting your favorite snack. Taking it for the millionth time and it had lost all excitement, but it'd still give you pleasure. I created suction with my mouth and I heard Franz' slight moan before three thin strands of cum slung down my throat. I swallowed that sweet spunk. Franz pushed me off his dick and suddenly I realized the scene I was in.

I was wearing a wig and one of Franz's sister's thong and bra. Next to Franz was an angry looking Zafir, his thick brown cock standing firm to attention, his eyes commanding me to near him. On the other side was Jerry, who had come out of the closet as bisexual so fast and with such ease it infuriated me, still crappling with the shame of being a slutty cocksucker. He was moaning his cute moans, while his newly found slut, a tender boy named Kevin, was sucking his dick.

The second my three close friends had found out I had pleasured them all, all barriers of intimacy were lifted and I was subjected to being the group whore. Neither Zafir nor Franz were turned on by men and the porn in the background still featured screaming girls with big tits, but now they knew they could use my mouth to dump their load in, they had no problem with sharing the enjoyment.

With Zafir's eyes locked to the screen, I nestled between his big tree trunk legs I enveloped his big cock in my mouth and started bopping my head up and down. I must've blocked the view because he angrily pushed my head down into his pubic hair and didn't relieve me until the girl in the video stopped screaming. Yes, I was the cockslut now and it had pained me that none of them wanted to hang out as friends anymore. Still, I understood that I was a bitch, a slut, a cumdump for their needs. The Tom that was equal to them and could hang out and smoke joints, was gone. I gasped for breath with his big hard dick in my mouth and swirled my tongue around it, drawn to the strength that radiated through his hard shaft. When thick, semenfilled strands of cum filled the little air space in my mouth and dripped out of it, I was in obedient bliss. I eagerly sucked his cock clean before he pushed me off.

A month went by of meeting Zafir, Franz and Jerry with his boyfriend individually or all together and me servicing them all the best that I could. As it had become more of an exercise than a sexual act for me (I was never allowed to jerk off) I longed back to Darryl and wondered if I could ever look into his beautiful eyes again, now that they had seen me ragged by Jerry's pole.

I didn't see Darryl until Jacob celebrated his birthday at his parent's house. All of our friends over town had come over and the party was buzzing. No one seemed to know I was a cocksucker, or nobody cared. Jerry, always the popular jock, was celebrated for being open minded and girls fawned over him, begging for a threesome with Kevin, who was extremely jealous and marked his territory with bitchy comments. I went for a drink in the kitchen when my stomach flipped. There was Darryl, laughing and joking with some random dudes like he had no care in the world. My stomach turned again when his beautiful smile faded upon seeing me. Did he hate me that much? His lips, wet of beer, opened to speak but his eyes quickly turned away and he walked off. I wanted to chase him but couldn't find the words.

"Hahah, so you're a slut now" a girl voice said behind me as I felt the thong I was wearing being pulled up. It was Carol, one of Franz' sisters. She was surrounded by girlfriends. They all laughed so hard it echoed through my head. I felt ashamed and embarrassed.

"You can keep it, dirty crook!" she called after me and I wanted to cry. I fled into the garage and bawled up, wanting only Darryl's embrace knowing I would never get it.

I sat there for a good ten minutes when I heard the door open and close. Hoping it was him, I turned, but it was Jacob.

"They were probably just jealous, you know," he said in his reasonable monotone voice. Jacob was the über gentlemen. Gelled hair, a buttoned up blouse, slacks, dark, round glasses and a thin smile. He breathed sophistication. Of all the friends I had the least in common with him.

"I'm sorry dude," I said, acting tough and getting up. "Happy birthday".

"Yeah, I read your card. You still can't spell," he said jokingly. But I knew he was right and I felt dumber than ever.

"You should give me a better present. I feel left out, you know?" he said. And suddenly my neckhairs stood up. The confusion must've been read from my face.

"What? You think I didn't want in on what you've been sharing?" he said, taking off his glasses and opening his belt. "Zafir told me you were the tightest he ever felt. But I saw how open you were after Jerry. I want in," his voice had changed, shedding all of his compassion. It was stern, commanding, reminding me of Zafir. But this was innocent, dignified Jacob, he wasn't...

I froze, partly because my heart was aching from the bullying and Darryl's rejection, but partly because in the midst of my whoredom, Jacob was the last childhood friend whose friendship was still unharmed by sex. Until now. He twisted me around and with his thin light fingers pushed me in my back, guiding me over the washing machine. I wanted to cry, and tell him stop, I wanted to say I didn't want to be used anymore... and yet I didn't want to. Yet, I even wanted to feel his cock in me too. Catch 'em all if you will. I wanted to feel how the last man of my group of friends came because of me and added his cum to the others.

He janked my pants off and then started to laugh. He saw the thong I wore, expecting to be fucked by Zafir who only did me when I was a girl. I wanted to apologize, but when I raised my upper body he firmly pushed it back down. I heard something open and close, and faintly distinguished a can of grease. Before I wondered if that was supposed to go inside I felt Jacob's soft hands on my naked thighs, the warmth of his crotch against my cold ass and indeed, a cock slide in with ease.

Jacob's dick slipped in so easy, but it filled me up so good I led out a loud moan, luckily covered by the loud music, as all my resistance was numbed by the excitement.

"What the fuck are you screaming about, slut? Like you're hole isn't wide open already?" he teased, thrusting his dick, which was thicker at the top resulting in a very big mushroom, further in me. I have never enjoyed a cock in me so much as now. The big head seemed to push open, widen, my canal like neither well endowed Jerry or Zafir. It was like a cock was finally plowing me completely instead of just my ring. I immediately squeezed my tight hole together and wrapped my sphincter around the thin base, hoping to never let it go again. This caused Jacob to collapse on top of me on the washing machine, breathing heavily in my ear.

"Yeah, bitch, take it!" he begged, though I already had. He started bucking his hips and circling them, spinning his cock round and round in me, touching every inch of flesh inside. Then he started to ram, hard, uncontrollable and without rhythm. The machine joined us in our shuffle. Jacob started to grunt. Louder. Even louder.

His drilling started to burn up my asshole again and I grabbed hold of the machine with all my might, keeping my body in position to be smashed by his. My asshole started to make wet sloppy sound and Jacob screamed shamelessly even louder, all masked by the yelling from the stereo. Then I felt it, the feeling I had waited for. He unloaded in me, while he kept on fucking and screaming until his final thrusts.

"Wow. That was even better than the holes at college," he quipped, in his usual wit. I looked back and he had returned to the somewhat awkward but still very decent young man that you'd expect to be in elected office one day. He put back his glasses, closed his pants and walked to the door.

I fell of the machine on to the floor. Now I had Jacob's cum, seemingly a month worth, dripping down my used asshole, I no longer had any friends, only masters. I breathed heavily, trying to enjoy the feeling but why did I feel so abandoned? Had they not shared their most intimate, most treasured prize with me? Had they not displayed their newfound affection by releasing their seed into me? Just as I wanted to pull up my pants, the door opened and closed again. As if I was dreaming, flashing back to that horrible moment, I blinked, but there was Darryl, looking pitiful, heartbroken again.

For a good five minutes neither of us spoke and I was still unsure if he was real. For the second time he caught me, bared ass, with one of our shared friend's cum in me. I felt so humiliated. Only this time Darryl didn't storm past me to never speak to me again.

"Why do you take them?" he said. A fear of disappointing him creaped over me. He suddenly looked manlier, more serious than I ever seen him before. Darryl was a floater, his mind always wandering, his smile always ignited internally. But now he was dead serious, his arms flexing, shoulders broad and long hair draped over them like an ancient warrior. He stepped closer, his footsteps echoing through the cold empty room.

"I don't know," I shrieked. Shrinking to a little excuse for a man. Darryl kneeled down next to me and looked me right in the eyes, with those beautiful, mesmerizing eyes. And like an angel, a healer, a loved one, he put his hand on my cheek and cupped my head, spreading warmth throughout.

"They don't love you, man. You deserve to be loved, man," he said, in his stoner talk reminding me he was not an imagination, he was really Darryl doing and saying this. Then I realized what he said and I wanted to cry again. He leaned in, the warmth of his breath weakening my thoughts, and his big wet lips touched mine.

Electricity flowed through me, tensing every muscle and nerve from my lips to my toes. I melted in his hand and in his kiss. Oh wait, I literally sinked to the floor unable to find the strength to keep me up. He sank down with me, letting gravity slide his tongue into my mouth, caressing and massaging mine.

Darryl always was the emotional one of our group, but he was so closed off and in his own world it never felt weak or weird. He was passionate and you can only respect that. I felt all of this when his mouth opened wide and locked into mine. He wasn't just kissing me, he was sucking the sadness and selfloathing out of me. He was lifting me up and strengthen me. In the wetness of our saliva I felt eroticism in a way I never felt before. When he pulled back his head the cold air of the room hit me like a truck.

"It's you," he whispered. "It was always you." The words broke on their way out, revealing a pain I never heard him express. As our tongues danced in each others cheeks, my mind flashed back to our lives together. The times I was staring at him playing an instrument while the other boys played video games. The times Jerry had made fun of Darryl while I adored him. The times all of us had wrestled, or played sports and Darryl had been on the sidelines. The times we drank and cracked dumb jokes and bullied him for not sharing our delight. I had never noticed how much the others rejected the traits I loved so dearly about him. I had never noticed that it really was only me who encouraged, understood and appreciated his passion. In my blind haze I had thought the others had too, but they never did. It truly was... only me.

Now I pulled back and looked at Darryl and recognized the look I had so many times before: of utter, unreserved, uncontrollable adoration. An awful feeling came over me and with my heart in my hand I asked: "Is it too late?"

Darryl cupped his hands around my head and kissed me, before letting his entire body fall onto mine. His long black hairs fell around my head, like a fence around our kisses no one could break through. His hands slid all over my body, tingling me through the fabric of my shirt. And then he started grinding his crotch into mine. His belt and jeans hurting my sensitive naked balls and nestling against my open hole. His breathing increased and his kisses became shorter until they landed on my cheek, my earlobe, my neck. He entangled me in his arms and thrusted his crotch into me. And for the first time I felt his rock hard penis through his pants.

He looked into my eyes, my scared eyes, and smiled. I felt so dirty, Jacob's cum slowly drying up, the memories of Franz', Zafir's and Jerry's dicks ragging me on every end. But instead he kissed me, opened his belt and buttons, released his average sized but beautifully symmetric cock and balls from his tight briefs and pushed it against my hole. He whimpered a bit, and his look turned serious. He kissed me, harder than before, and the second I relaxed his dick slid in my greased up hole.

His cock felt like none before, warm, soft skinned, loving. It slid in me, completing me as a person, not as a body. It bathed in another boy's cum and ass juices and grease but I felt it with an intensity that blasted through every fiber, empowering a tingle in my lower body I never felt before. He moaned through our kisses and then started slowly fucking me. I pulled my ass up in a better position and kept moaning through his thrusts. The inevitable sound of a dick pulling out and thrusting back in, balls slapping against skin, filled the room. Two boys moaned in ecstasy.

I wrapped my arms around his shoulders, my legs around his waist, and with our clothes on and only our mouths and privates exposed to each other, we made love on the cold floor of Jacob's garage. My sluttiness clouded by all of our friends, didn't bother him, instead he took me in a whole different way. He took me as a person, he fucked me as part of an expression. His drilling increased and our moans turned into grunts. He fucked against my prostate and I felt like I was being jerked off, until I realized his hand was indeed wrapped around my cock, jerking. Our animalistic side drove our sex wild until the point both of our cocks exploded with longs squirts of cum, our throats belting out screams of pure joy. Our lips locked and tongues danced in a passionate high. I knew for sure that what I had lost in friendships I had gained in love.

I opened my eyes and found myself drenched in my own cum on the cold garage floor. I quickly wiped myself clean and exited through the back door, the cool winter night sobering me up from my fantasy. I halted in my tracks as I saw a drunk Darryl hanging onto a screaming Carol, before they made out sloppily and jumped into the back of an Uber. In that moment all my dreams died. Darryl wasn't gay and would never be. My friends weren't my friends anymore and I had nothing left to stay for in this town. Instead of wanting to cry I lifted up my chin, nodded, wrapped my own arms around me for comfort and walked into the winter's night on my way to a new life.