 As long as I could remember, Alec had been my best friend. Best friend didn't even quite begin to describe it. Alec was the boy with whom I had pulled worms out of the dirt and speared them on fishing hooks, the adolescent I had stood awkwardly in line to sign up for high school with, the teenager I laughed with late into the night as we talked about which girls were the school sluts, even though we both knew that neither of us had any idea what sex really meant. Now, Alec was the young man with whom I rented an apartment as we transitioned into the ending phase of our college years, and Alec was the man I wanted to share the rest of forever with.

Believe me, this was confusing.

I don't know when I realized I was gay, but it was probably around the time my older brother had brought home his third steady girlfriend and I had heard them moaning through the paper-thin walls. I had gone to his door to knock and tell him to shut it, but when I knocked the door swung open and I realized that straight sex wasn't for me. It wasn't a huge crisis in my life or anything, I'm sure I must have known before, but that was really the second that I knew it for sure.

I don't know when I fell for Alec, either. Somewhere between the sighs and soft half-smiles, the shouting at video games and the way he always had to take the first sip before handing me a beer, I suddenly knew that he was it. He was every star in my sky and the breath in my body. He was every song on the radio and every drop of rain on the earth. He was wind and fire, but the fire that burned in a hearth while it snowed outside and chilled fingers were wrapped around steaming mugs of hot coffee. 

It could have been the way that his hazel eyes lit up when he laughed at something dumb I said, or the way that he ran his piano-player fingers through his straight blonde hair. It could have been the scar on his bicep from that time we went to the lake and he slipped off the dock and caught himself on an underwater tree branch. Or the one on his hip from the skiing accident when he decided that it would be fun to go off a jump into some trees. It could have been the melodies that flowed through his fingers when he sat down at the ivory keys of the baby grand at his parents' house. It could have been the way he said my name like a prayer, a grasp at salvation.

Okay, that last part was probably me being a little dramatic. I hope you get the picture. My best friend from when we were just boys had become my eternity when I wasn't looking. But now I was looking. I was looking straight into the eyes of the pretty brunette girl who just walked out of his room after spending the night. Her makeup was smeared and she was wearing one of his t-shirts, the ones that showed his sculpted muscles perfectly but hung on her tiny frame like a tent. I smiled as I shook her hand and introduced myself, and noticed how tiny her hand felt in mine. That tiny hand that had done...what? She had been with Alec all night. Suddenly I was envious of those tiny hands...

"Hi, Trey. Good to meet you. I'm Alec's friend Eva."

I came back to reality for a moment.

"Hi, Eva. Nice to meet you too. Is Alec still in there?"

"Yeah, he isn't up yet. Late night."

I pulled my hand away a little more abruptly than I probably should have, but played it off by pretending to pick lint off my sweatshirt.

"Well, I guess I'll see you around, Eva. Gotta get ready for class..."

She smiled the perfectly polished smile at me again and turned and walked back into Alec's room, closing the door behind her. I scowled.

I came back from class at five and sighed happily as I opened the door to our warm apartment. It was snowing like doomsday outside and it was a relief to close the door behind me and be enveloped in the warmth. I pulled off my boots and jacket, and started stripping down as I made my way to my room. Alec worked at a veterinary clinic until ten thirty or so most weeknights, and it was nice to have the place to myself. I was whipped from class and then a short shift at the local coffee shop, and I got into my room and fell on my bed in nothing but my boxers, pulling a blanket over me as I rolled over. I heard a noise and opened my eyes with a start, to see Alec standing at the door to my room.

"Hey buddy, the clinic is closed cause of the storm and I was going to ask if you want to order Chinese and put on Zombieland or something, but looks like you're beat. That was quite a striptease, by the way."

I tried not to blush as I threw my pillow at him, hitting him right in the face.

"Glad you liked it, but next time you should consider tipping, asshole." I joked. 

He laughed and caught the pillow, throwing it back.

"Get some rest, Trey. Don't want to keep you from your beauty sleep. You have to maintain those girlish good looks of yours."

I grumbled and rolled over, too tired to give him the sassy comeback I usually would have been able to manage.

"Close the door when you leave."

"Sure." He whispered, and I jumped. His voice was coming from right behind me. I flipped over quickly and sat up.

"The hell are you doing?" I asked, looking at the beautiful man standing right next to my bed.

"Dude, chill, your hair is wet from the snow. Thought you could use this." And the next moment a soft warm towel was put over my head and I could feel him ruffling my hair, drying it.

"Uh... Alec?"

"Trey?"

"What the fuck?"

He laughed and backed away, turning to face me when he was at the door to my room. 

"It would be a pain to have to take care of you if you got sick, so I'm trying to keep you well. That's all." He closed the door behind him and I heard him walk into the main room. A few seconds later I heard the tv go on and still I sat on my bed, looking at the door. What a weird way for him to act. As I thought about it, I realized that it was probably because I had run into Eva that morning and she had told him about it. Alec has never spoken to me about his sex life, and I haven't had a sex life, so not much to talk about there. He must have been trying to gauge whether or not I was weirded out by it. I chuckled as I slid out of bed and dropped the towel on the floor. Who he fucked was no concern of mine, because I knew it would never be me. I figured it would be better to go make sure he wasn't sitting in there psyching himself out, so I pulled on some sweatpants and a tshirt. 

When I got to the living room he was watching something on Discovery about fishing, and I dropped onto the couch next to him. We were quiet and watched for a minute, and I decided to break the tension.

"So, your friend Eva is pretty." I said, looking over at him. He looked back at me with a mixture of shock and relief on his face. I guess he really was worrying about it...

"Look dude, I don't want you to get the wrong idea. Eva is.."

"Short." I interrupted, "and must be one hell of a girl if she can keep a guy like you awake for more than a couple hours, much less late into the night."

"Trey, come on dude, it's not like that."

"Don't worry Alec, I'm just giving you a hard time. No, I guess that would be Eva, wouldn't it?" I smiled as his beautiful lips curled up in a familiar grin. 

"You ass. She's a nice girl."

"I bet. Hey, no worries man, I don't care who you fuck. Want a beer?" I asked, standing up and turning toward the kitchen. A jolt of electricity went through me as I felt fingers entwine with mine, and I turned to look at Alec who was still sitting on the couch, his cheeks bright red. "Are you blushing?!" He squeezed my fingers more tightly.

"Trey, it isn't like that. I don't want you to think the wrong thing. Eva's a friend, just a friend."

It almost burned to pull my hand away from him.

"A friend who just happens to have sex hair, smeared makeup, and your tshirt on when she wakes up?" I didn't mean to sound so hurt...

Alec stood up from the couch and stepped forward so he was looking right at me, a little shorter than me, but still intimidating. He had stopped growing at 6'2", I just kept on growing like a weed. Last check, I was almost 6'5". Still, as he stood so close to me, I wanted to back away from him, sure that he would see the way my pupils dilated when I looked at him, or the blush that crept to my cheeks when he looked back at me. His hand was reaching for mine again, and I let him take it, aching for his touch.

"A friend who went to a party and got shitfaced last night, and called me when a sleazebag tried to pick her up. A friend who threw up all over herself and needed a clean shirt. A friend who cried all night and messed up her makeup when I told her I wasn't going to fuck her, because I want my first time to be with the man I love."

My ears were ringing.

"Your first time? The woman you love?"

"No, idiot. Look at me." And his hand was on my cheek and my eyes locked onto his. "The man I love, Trey. The man I want to love me, too."

"You're..." He smiled that Adonis smile at me and suddenly he was back on the couch, feet kicked up on the coffee table, looking at the screen again.

"How about that beer, buddy?"

I nodded and drifted to the kitchen, my mind buzzing erratically before I even touched the alcohol. I pulled out one beer and headed back to where he was, sitting down next to him as I twisted off the top and gulped down some of the beer. I looked over at him again, and he was watching me.

"Uh, nice of you to bring me that beer you offered, Trey."

"Gay?"

He smiled and reached over, taking the beer from my hand and knocking some of it back before setting it down on the coffee table in front of him.

"Known it for years." He said, turning so that he was sitting sideways on the couch, cross legged, leaning back against the arm of the couch. "Are you mad I didn't tell you?"

"Only if you're mad I didn't tell you."

His reaction looked the same mine had felt. His eyes went wide and he didn't say anything.

"Alec if you open your eyes any wider they're gonna fall out."

He blinked a couple of times. "But Trey you're so... you're so rugged. And manly, and all those girls we used to talk about in high school that you said you wanted to bone!"

"You said the same things about the same girls. And being manly has nothing to do with being gay. So what, I love to think about cock. That doesn't mean I'm not a man."

"Well, obviously. But have you ever... I mean, how do you know for sure?"

"Alec, it isn't hard to figure out. When I think about girls, it isn't hard."

"But...you're not just messing with me, are you?"

"I'm not."

His voice changed slightly, he was speaking more quietly, "you love to think about cock? Have you ever seen one?"

I laughed, looking back at the tv. "I have a few videos that are favorites of mine. Why do you ask?" When I looked back at him he was grinning like he had just pulled of the greatest prank ever, and I looked at his lap to see that he had pulled his cock out of the fly of his jeans and it was resting there, limp and beautiful.

I stared. "What the hell?" I half whispered, looking back at him.

"Just figured if you're gay you're going to see one sooner or later. Might as well be mine, right?" I smiled and stood up, walking over to where he was sitting, and kneeling on the floor next to him. He turned so that he was facing me, and his cock was now right in front of my face. I looked up at him, and could see the same hesitation in his eyes that I felt. He was testing the waters, and the next move was up to me. 

The next move was to press myself against him and tangle my fingers in that perfect golden hair as I pulled his face to mine and kissed him like he was air and I was a drowning man. My entire body trembled as I finally took what I had been craving for so long, and as his lips parted I parted mine. The first time our tongues met, I felt electricity dive through my body, and felt myself hardening. He moaned softly into the kiss, and I pulled away, running my fingers through his hair and down his neck, down his chest and coming to rest on his cock, which was now semi hard. At my touch, I felt it twitch and grow hard in my hand.

"I didn't know you could kiss like that, Trey."

"I didn't know you had a hard on for me, Alec."

I kissed his lips again, softly, and knelt down in front of him again, my hand wrapping around his velvet shaft. He unbuttoned his jeans and I had to take my hand off for a moment as he pulled them off, pulling his boxers off at the same time. My breath vanished from my lungs. His pubes were neatly trimmed and the same golden color as the hair on his head, but they curled slightly. His balls were totally smooth, and I smiled at him.

"Nice set, buddy."

He gasped quietly as I started stroking him, never looking away from his face as I started to roll his balls between the fingers of my left hand, my right thumb coming up and swirling in the drop of precum that leaked from his tip. I swirled it around his head and he closed his eyes as he bit his lip. My cock was so hard it almost ached. I worked the pre around a little more as I felt his balls tighten a little in my hand, and with an almost silent moan I felt him explode in my hand. I looked down at his cock as jets of cum spurted from the tip, and then smiled at him again when he opened his eyes.

"That was quick."

"Ugh. Sorry.. Guess I really needed to get that out." 

He was growing soft in my hand and I leaned down, licking the cum off the tip of his cock. It responded immediately, growing hard again and I looked up at Alec who was staring at me in shock.

"Trey, you don't have to... ahhhh." he trailed off and his breathing became harder as he watched me lick the rest of his cum off of my hands and his body. He tasted sweet, it was thick and unlike anything I had imagined when I fantasized about this moment. I licked the tip of his hardness again, and realized that I was about to have a second fantasy come true. 

"I've never done this before, so just let me know how you like it.." I said, and I engulfed the head of his cock. From the gasp of pleasure I guessed he liked it just fine as I swirled my tongue around the head and then flicked it back and forth across the underside of the head, then back up to swirl around again and press slightly into the slit at the tip. I moved my hand off of his shaft as I took more of him into my mouth, and started bobbing on his cock, trying to take a little more of him each time. His cock felt a little thicker than mine, but when I had stroked him the length had seemed about the same, so I figured if I could get most of his seven inches down it would be a good first shot at sucking dick. He was making incredibly erotic whimpering and mewling sounds, and his fingers ran through my brown hair, too short for him to grab on to. My own seven inches were aching and I could feel the precum making a wet spot in my boxers. Suddenly, I realized that my nose was pressed against his sexy trimmed pubes and I pulled off, smiling up at him, my green eyes locking with his hazel ones as I took him all the way into my throat again. He bucked his hips against me as he put his hands on the back of my head, his little noises becoming gasps and moans and suddenly I felt him erupt again in my throat. He pulled out until he was cumming in my mouth, and I sucked and teased with my tongue until his orgasm subsided. I leaned up and kissed him, letting him taste himself on my tongue. I could tell he was spent.

"Damn, Trey."

"Damn yourself, buddy. You make me so goddamn hard."

"You make me cum so hard! I've never had a blowjob like that. Those girls in high school just didn't know how to do it right. Or maybe it's because it was you..." He trailed off and pulled me to him again, kissing me softly. He pulled me so I was sitting beside him on the couch and his hand snuck into my waistband.

"I've wondered what your cock looks like for years..." He said, pulling my sweats and boxers down. As my length sprung free, Alec was immediately kissing and licking it, his right hand massaging my balls, and my fingers tangled into his hair. Alec was sucking me. Alec, my best friend, was next to me on the couch, and my dick was in his perfect, sexy mouth. Needless to say, it didn't take long at all until I was practically screaming with pleasure and erupted into him. He sucked down all of my cum and came back up and kissed me softly, and I tasted myself on his lips, just as he had tasted himself on mine. He leaned his head on my shoulder and we both stared at the tv for a few minutes as he polished off the forgotten beer, our minds totally blank, yet so full of questions. As I thought over what we had done, my now soft dick started to come back to life, and Alec smiled as he started stroking me softly. Suddenly, I stood up, and he made a disappointed little whining sound. I smiled as I pulled my shirt off and left my pants and boxers on the ground, then bent over and kissed him again.

"Don't worry. I'll be right back. Gonna get another couple of beers. Looks like we are in for a long night."