 For men, sexual acts can make friendships grow closer (or it can tear them apart).

In the aftermath of my adventure with Zafir and Franz, I jerked off to gay porn every day and had taken upon myself to practice with a dildo everytime. I blew a lot of loads staring at moving images but thinking of how two of my best friends had cum using me as their sex toy. It filled me with a stronger sense of purpose than almost anything before it. Of course, neither returned my texts. My jerking sessions off that experience kept going, but when contact returned to normal between us three, I realized it was a solitary experience. Neither Zafir or Franz acknowledged what happened and I obeyed.

Christmas break came around and that meant Jerry and Jacob would return from college, bringing the entire crew back together again. We had rented a cabin again near the lake, like we always did. We would do nothing else for the first week of the year than drink, play video games and smoke weed. I was excited on a friendship level, but something inside me hoped I would room with either Zafir or Franz. 

Of course, my real desire was to room with Darryl, but Darryl had grown significantly distant in recent weeks. The holidays only further underlined his newfound singledom and it tore him apart. Seeing Darryl sad is such rarity it will deplete you of any sense of hope or faith. He no longer played for us, he no longer wanted to hang out even. Out of sight, it was easier to not think of him romantically, but I worried all the same.

No luck at all. Darryl opted out of the weekend for the first time since we were sixteen. Everyone understood and no one was as devastated as I was. Still, my tingling balls were somehow even more excited that I could enjoy either Zafir or Franz guilt free of my feelings for Darryl. How awkward it was that in Darryls absence, the guys had decided girlfriends were allowed. Jerry had brought home a chick from college whom, he claimed, was definitely "the one" and would bunk with her. Which prompted Franz to take a sleezy girl named Suzanna along too, though neither of them claimed anything other than to be fuck buddies. Which left me bunking with Zafir and Jacob. Whatever chances of me getting some this weekend were, were gone out of the window. Jacob had never had a girlfriend and I'm sure he never even had sex. Basically he was so sophisticated I am sure he thought natural desires like Zafir had with me were for uneducated morons only. Perhaps he was right.

The New Year was only five hours old when all of us were completely wasted on the couch. My head was spinning from the bad mixture of weed and alcohol. I couldn't imagine being fucked right now, though my body still ached for it. Even more so because I now cleaned to prepare myself and purposefully hadn't eaten anything just to be ready, inevitably only worsen my intoxication. However, with the girls around there was no porn and no one seemed very keen on doing exciting stuff. In fact, the mood had worsened as Jerry and Franz were in a stand off over who had the biggest cock, or at the very least, who had the best relationship. Their cockfights were funny at best and exhausting at worst.

"I've known Suzanna for all my life, how long do you know... what's you name again?" Franz said belligerently to Esmee who was too quiet and probably intelligent to respond.

"You're embarrassing yourself with that ho bag, dude," Jerry said with his usual contempt for anything cheap.

"Do you always feel so threatened?" Suzanne said, unexpectedly. Everyone had turned silent. Franz and sometimes Jacob were the only ones to ever stand up to Jerry. Jerry was a bully, big football jock with broad shoulders, muscles everywhere and a strong jawline. But his charm would make you forgive him anything, and thus there wasn't a person in the world who disliked him. I certainly didn't. Since my newfound desire for dick I fondly remembered all the times Jerry would pick me up and sling me over his shoulders, messing around. I realized I entered wrestling matches with him not because I stood a chance but because him tackling me and dominating me was as close to my true desires as I could get denying them. Yet here Jerry was, tackled himself by Suzanne, who with her piercings and uncombed hair tricked you into underestimating her.

Jerry didn't respond, instead he leaned back and forced a very uncomfortable Esmee into a long, overtly public display of tongue fighting. Meanwhile, Suzanne smiled softly at Franz and gave him a tender kiss on the lips.

"I gotta go to bed," I said, realizing the night wasn't getting more interesting. Jacob and Jerry soon started talking politics and Zafir was still on a cloud somewhere by himself. After the mandatory name-calling and protest I finally went to bed.

It was only an hour later when I awoke in the embrace of Zafir. Every nerve in my tingled with joy and delight. His big strong arms wrapped around me like I was a girl. His girl. He must been dreaming. Though Jacob had sacrificed himself by taking the couch, I didn't expect anything to happen. I was also disappointed I didn't feel a huge hard cock in between by butt cheeks. Asleep he was. Suddenly desperately needing to pee, I reluctantly wringed myself loose from his soft embrace.

The upstairs bathroom was used, and I thought I heard a light sobbing but perhaps I imagined it. After all, the drugs and booze had not left my body at all. I went to the bathroom downstairs and when I finished, I for some reason didn't walk back up but went in the kitchen. Realizing I might as well get some water while I was there I suddenly heard the unmistakable sound of wet pussy being plowed. I listened to it, in utter delight, before I inched closer to the corner and see where it came from. 

Of course, I saw Jerry's huge body towering over the couch, his big hairy manbutt bouncing up and down ragging something that was on the couch. A closer look and it was Suzanne, her moaning muffled by one of Jerry's strong hands. Her legs were wrapped around his waist and her boobs were bouncing in glee. In between I saw his fat clock slide in and out of her cunt. My dick jumped to attention in a second and I had to beat off. I slipped back into the hallway doorframe and started jacking off watching this deceit. It were Jerry's uncontrollable moans that pushed me to the edge. It was cute how this big dominant fellow was trying to hold back in his delight but couldn't and instead let out these short bursts of high-pitched moans. With every clack of his body slamming into Suzanne's crotch, I edged closer to release.

I didn't see the two legs standing next to me or the boxer drop down. I only saw a long white cock pushing towards my mouth. When I tasted it, I recognized the flavor. In case I was doubting, the uncoordinated shocks into my throat and cheeks betrayed the rest; it was Franz. I turned my head to let his dick in deeper, but it was not necessary. Franz was watching his girlfriend get torn by his frenemy and I guess it turned him on so much he cummed immediately. 

Shot after shot was slinged into the back of my throat and I greedily swallowed it all. I sucked his dick clean, a little too hard, making the familiar sloppy sound when I released my lips. Luckily, in that moment both Suzanne's muffled scream and Jerry's muffled grunt betrayed Franz wasn't the only one orgasming. I looked at the two bodies collapsing on the couch and backed up. For the first time I saw Franz' look after I had blown him and it was of utter disgust. It surprised and humiliated me. He pulled back on his boxer and went upstairs, leaving me with the bitter taste of his cum in his mouth.

The rest of the week went by in haze. Esmee left January 2nd and the following day a storm came, trapping us in the cabin. This, contrary to what I had hoped, only decreased the chances of anything happening. The heaters stopped working and upstairs became too cold for anyone to sleep so we all bunked in the living room. Though it was a delight to see everyone's chests and stomachs, it was nothing erotic. On the last night, the snow had somewhat cleared and Zafir and Jacob offered to get us food and supplies. We had mostly lived off of alcohol and grass and we were all pretty sick of it.

We were watching some lame television show that no one enjoyed when suddenly Franz and Suzanne decided to go upstairs. As if everyone in the room knew that everyone had seen Suzanne naked, no one had any reservations on what the two were going to do. I was hurt Franz would rather screw a hole Jerry had obviously destroyed, than me. We hadn't spoken a word since he had dumped his cum in me but despite his superficial avoidance I knew he wanted my mouth and his rage only made me want his thin long cock even more. Alas, before long we heard screams from upstairs. Whether the sex was any good was irrelevant, Franz had to let me and Jerry know that he was a master at fucking Suzanne.

"Come here," Jerry said. My stomach turned. Could this really be happening with Jerry?

"I said, come here, I won't bite," he effortlessly switched from demand to courtesy. His jockish smile weakened me and I scooted over to his couch.

"Suck it," Jerry said, looking deep in my eyes. He pulled back his PJ's. It was still soft, but even then his cock was deliciously big. I bend over and took it in my mouth, trying my best to impress him.

"There you go baby. It's finally yours." he whispered. I was wondering what he was talking about, perhaps too hard, because I had stopped sucking and he noticed. He suddenly grabbed my hair and pulled by head back. A slob of spit hit me in my face, before he pushed me back down and skull fucked me.

"There it is. Take it, you faggot. Zafir told me you had been his girl but I didn't believe it. Until I remembered you banging a slut of mine and had looked at me the entire time. You're not a man. You're slut like every slutty girl I ever fucked." His dick banged against the back of my throat and I lost control. It even started to hurt. I tried to keep my teeth away but as it grew bigger I couldn't protect it. Yet, this only seemed to turn him on more. I was choking, unable to breathe, panicking if he'd let me off in time. He did and I gasped for air, but before I had come up he kissed me, hard and without any trace of affection like straight men often do.

As wild as he became, as gentle he pulled off all my clothes. I was emberrassed to show my dick, but just like Zafir he didn't care about that. He took off his clothes and I gaped at his big athlete legs, like pillars holding up a statue of a god. He didn't have a six pack but he didn't need one. A perfect happy trail led from his hairy chest down to his huge cock and I had to take it back in my mouth. I only got it for a second before he pulled me off.

"No." he simply stated and he pulled me up to my feet.

"Over there," he pointed at the big chair in the middle of the room. I hesitantly walked towards it, but before I knew it he pushed me to bend over and buried his scruffy face in my ass. I was surprised and nervous, but oh my god did it feel good. Even better were those familiar sounds of enjoyment from him.

"Ahww, yes. That takes just like pussy. Bet Zafir didn't do this, huh?" he said with a desire to please me which I found curious. Still, my brain wasn't really functioning in this ecstasy. I enjoyed his warm tongue sliding past my ring, up and down my entire ass crack, before it slipped inside and touched my warm canal. Jerry then started to tongue fuck me and it was like nothing I ever experienced before. My eyes rolled in their sockets and my throat let out this primal moan that came from my toes. I only wanted this, forever. Or so I thought. Because Jerry pushed my face into the chair, and without further notice, he pushed his dick inside my asshole.

I screamed in agony. It was too big, it must've torn it apart. But Jerry and his erection were too strong to let the reluctance of my hole stop them. If anything, Jerry had to pause not to cum.

"Dammit. It's so tight. It's too tight," he started to breathe louder, his voice shaking.

"Oh my... it's finally happening. All those sluts never let me but you... You're my man." Man? Did he not want to embarrass me with calling me a girl anymore? Jerry started bucking his hips, I had expected him to go as hard as he did with Suzanne, but it appeared that everything changed once he was inside. He went so slow I could feel his foreskin rub up and down his cock inside me. He pulled me up and kissed me passionately, while his hands wrapped around my body. One played with my nipple and the other slid down to my own cock. He started to pull me off.

"What's happening," I breathed out in pure pleasure.

"You are changing me," he whispered and his thrusts went deeper, but he never pulled out as far as I had seen him do with Suzanne. Instead, he treasured the feeling of being inside me, of pushing so far my ass ring touched his bush. His beating off started to increase and I felt an orgasm coming, but I didn't want to. Instead, I took the charge, got off his dick and sat down in the chair. Upon seeing his disappointed face, I threw my legs up in the air and held my ankles.

"Take me," I begged and he crawled onto the chair on top of me, before sliding down deeper than ever before. His dick was so big it hurt letting him in. He seemed to touch everything inside and it stung in a painful way. Perhaps my prostate was too sensitive from all those times I fucked it numb with a dildo. But the look of surprise and enjoyment on his face turned me on so much I didn't care.

His fucking started to increase as his dick and my canal had found the perfect angle. He pushed himself so deep, I was afraid the chair might fall backwards. It didn't, it sustained him wringing in between my legs, taking my face into his hands and kissing me deeply. I let go of my ankles and wrapped my limbs around him so tight my ass was still perfectly upwards for him. In this embrace of strength and power he fucked me for hours. No changing positions, no adjusting, just his dick pulling out and plunging back in, our tongues dancing, our bodies one. It almost felt random when he finally did come. 

Neither of us saw it coming but suddenly he opened his eyes, looked apologetically and I felt his warm spunk ooze into me. I kissed him, thankfully and he continued fucking me. We didn't hear the car doors. We didn't hear joyful shushing outside. We didn't hear the lock or the door slinging open. We only heard a familiar voice screaming "surprise!". Me and Jerry, still wrapped in each other looked up from the chair and stared into Darryls eyes. I will never forget that the look on his face wasn't of disgust or shock at seeing his two oldest friends having sex, it was of betrayal and heartbreak.