 This series contains male-on-male relationships, some of which are incestuous. If you think this will offend you, please do not read any of the chapters in this series. If you are looking for stories that focus solely on sex, this series is not for you either since love plays a huge part in this series. Otherwise, please enjoy the series and leave a public comment, or send me a private one. I love hearing from my readers and any feedback is sincerely appreciated. 

********

I feel happy. Why do I feel happy? I'm starting to slip back into consciousness and out of sleep, but for some reason I am doing it with a smile on my face...odd.

I opened my eyes and knew why I had a smile on my face. Cody's beautiful teal eyes were gazing into mine, and he had a magnificent grin on his face. "Now that's just creepy," I informed him.

He laughed. "You love it."

Okay, maybe I did. Who would be bothered by waking up next to an angel of happiness? "You always have a way of making me feel nothing but happiness."

"My sole purpose for existing is for pleasing you, Nicolae. Do you really think I would suck at my only purpose in life?"

We have a complex relationship, one that makes anyone get a headache if they think about it too much. He always tells me that he is mine, and I used to argue with it, saying people don't belong to people, but I've accepted the role he desperately wants me to fulfill. So yes, Cody is mine. It is as simple as that.

I smiled at him. "Then you get a gold star for excelling at life."

His smile was already bright to begin with, but his smile brightened by about one hundred watts. "Check the ground next to you."

"Huh?"

"Just do it."

I looked at the floor. Oh my gosh...weren't those the boxers he was wearing last night?

"I'm naked!" he said proudly. "A few minutes after you fell asleep I decided to get more comfy with the man I belonged to so I took them off."

"Cody! Why are you naked? This is awkward!"

"It's hot and you know it. You fuckin' love knowing I was naked while I was spooning you last night."

Now that he mentions it...wait! It was still wrong of him to do! "You shouldn't have done that."

He shrugged. "Too late...if you want I can get up and get them," he said with a wicked smile.

"No! Just leave them there."

"Fuck me."

"What?!"

"I'm just saying what I know we both want," he said, and he reached out, grabbed my hand, and brought it gently to his chest. "You should know the feel of my body."

I didn't say anything and because I didn't pull my hand away he took it as an okay to continue. He gently guided my hand along his body, first sliding it up his chest, then back down. He glided my fingers over his nipples so that my fingertips grazed his nipples gently. I found myself gazing at his body. Whereas my father and Trey have the body of an athlete, Cody had the body of a dancer. His muscles were certainly visible, though not like an athlete's. His body was also smooth, I noted, until I felt my hand brush past his belly button and felt the hairs of his treasure trail. So he did listen to me when I told him I preferred trimmed pubes over no pubes...

I was too busy being drawn to the feel of his treasure trail that I gasped when my fingers went under the sheet and brushed through his pubic hairs and before I could make even a sound of protest my hand was sliding onto his cock.

I could feel that my face was beet red. Cody pulled his hand away and pulled the sheet back, fully exposing his naked body to my gaze, and I saw my hand lying on his erection. His dick was about six inches long (about an inch shorter than mine) and its girth was proportioned suitably for its length.

I traced my fingertips along the tip of his cock. Although his size was nothing to brag (or be embarrassed) about, I did love the shape and style of his cock, especially the cockhead. It was as if God made a mediocre-sized penis, then after creating its length and girth he decided he wanted to make the cock something to be proud of anyways (from what I know about God, God doesn't like changing his mind about things...such as the size of a penis once it is created...), so he decided to spend extra time sculpting it into the most beautiful cock a cock that size could possibly be...okay, I really need to stop drooling. Fuck it. I leaned down and took his entire shaft into my mouth.

"Awwww! Holy shit! What the fuck, Nicolae? I thought you wanted to wait for it to be special!"

I took him out of my mouth and smiled at him. "Sorry, I couldn't resist. I decided we have our whole lives of sex in front of us and that every time I'm with you is going to be special because it is with you." I slowly took him back into my mouth, millimeter by millimeter, all the way down until the very base of his cock. I just held him there deep in my mouth for a second. Cody always told me that he was made for my pleasure. I believe him now, knowing this cock was made for my sucking pleasure.

I don't know how much time has passed by now. It could be anywhere from ten seconds to ten minutes...I didn't care, to be honest. The only thing I cared about right now was the cock I was sliding in and out of my mouth, and licking it at every possible angle. I then decided to implement my favorite cocksucking technique: the windshield wiper...or at least that was what Trey named it. I took Cody's penis deep into my mouth and once he was completely inside my mouth I pushed my tongue out and caressed my tongue against his trimmed, pubic-haired sac and, reaching even lower with my tongue, swiped my tongue back and forth, from one ball to the next...back and forth...back and forth...my tongue caressed each of his balls back and forth in a motion much like the windshield wipers in a car (hence the name).

I took him completely out of my mouth and sank back down and did the same thing a few times. After the fifth time going down on him and doing this motion, I felt his cock twitch.

"Awww God, I'm going to cum if you keep doing that."

I pulled off his cock. "Cum for me, Cody." I sank my mouth back down on him and he blew his load the second my lips wrapped around his cock. Warm cum erupted from his cock like a volcano, the heat of his lava almost scorching my throat as it caressed its my down my throat and into my stomach. Cody was gasping, as if he was in so much pleasure he couldn't even make any other sound other than the gasps that came out of his mouth. 

I pulled off his cock and gave it a firm jerk, and was rewarded with another small strand of cum. I bent down and licked the strand up slowly with my tongue from its slit, reveling in its flavor. I gave his dick one last jerk and one last drop came out of it. I scooped the drop of cum up with my index finger and reached up and brought it close to Cody's lips. He could tell what I wanted him to do, so he brought my index finger to his mouth and licked his own essence off my finger. "Not bad," he said with a grin.

"Delicious," I added with a grin.

To be continued...