 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

Carl looked at the cards in his hand deciding what to do. After a brief moment, he discarded one and received another. The play then continued around the table with everyone taking their time to make their bets.

When it came back to him, he eyed his older brother, Cam, sitting to his right. Was he bluffing? Did he actually have a good hand this time? Taking the chance, he tossed in more chips and held his hand.

"Fold."

Carl was a little surprised to see his younger brother, Casey, who was seated on his left, toss down his cards and get up from the table.

"My hand sucks," Casey continued. "Anybody else need a beer?"

Carl put in a request for one as did Jake, the brothers' cousin, who sat across the table from him. In the following silence, the sound of their wives' laughter drifted to them from outside. The four couples were at the family cabin for the long holiday weekend and, as often happened, they separated into their own groups after dinner to enjoy the evening without their children.

Meeting Cam's eyes, Carl examined his brother's expression as the man upped the ante. There's no way he had the flush. He had to be bluffing.

"Grab this for me, Carl," Casey said from just behind him.

Carl turned intending to grab a bottle from Casey. Instead, he got a face full of sweaty cock and balls. As he heard the other men howl with laughter around him, he leaned forward, took the lengthy, but soft shaft into his mouth and bit down on it hard enough to get his point across.

"What the fuck?" Casey practically yelled. Surprised by Carl's response he wanted to pull away but the teeth around his dick terrified him into immobility. "Get off me."

Carl pulled off but intentionally scraped his teeth along Casey's sensitive flesh. "I told you if you ever did that shit again I'd bite it off. Nobody wants to see your fucking junk no matter how hung you are."

Of the three brothers, twenty-seven-year-old Casey was the youngest and, with his bright hazel eyes, was unquestionably the most attractive. So much so that the other wives often teased their husbands about running off with him. He stood six feet three inches tall and had a tight, lean body from years of athletic activity. It was no secret that had been blessed with the largest dick because he took almost any chance he had to whip it out.

"I don't believe you put his dick in your mouth," Cam said with a laugh. "So fucking gay."

Carl rolled his eyes. "Oh, please. It's a dick, not love. And I'll call bullshit if you guys say you've never had a dick in your mouth."

The three other men made various sounds of protest but to Carl's ears not only did it all sound hollow, he noticed none of them actually denied his accusation.

Pointing to Jake and Cam he said, "You two were out in the desert just like I was for months at a time." Turning back to Casey, he said, "And you were in a fraternity. I'm sure there was some grab-ass going on when no one was looking. If there's anyone else here who's played with another dick it's you, pretty boy. I'm not going to deny it. After a few weeks, I did stuff with other soldiers that I wouldn't've considered otherwise. Sometimes it was nice to feel a warm body to remind me that I was still alive when one or two of my buddies didn't make it. And, hell yeah, sometimes it was just for fun."

The guys grumbled but didn't protest further.

"Now that I think about it," Carl continued, "the way you're always pulling that thing out reminds me of a few of the guys in the field who would do the same thing when they wanted to mess around but didn't want to ask for it. They'd play around with their junk out for the world to see until someone offered to take care of it so they'd put it away. They always protested but never turned it down. Is that what this is? Need some head? Or are you looking for a piece of ass?"

Casey stared at Carl barely concealing his anger and embarrassment at being called out.

Cam shook his head. "I'm not offering to do shit."

"Me neither," Jake added. "I'm outta this."

Carl continued to taunt his baby brother. "Wife not putting out? Do we need to go talk to her? Or do you just miss the man-sex? If you want me to I'll suck your dick, man, and I'm not ashamed to say it. And I have no problem giving up my ass, too, if that's what you need, little bro."

"Ignoring the fact that he's our brother, you'd take it up the ass?" Cam asked with a mix of surprise and disgust.

"Yeah." Carl shrugged understanding that his brother was surprised because of his masculine appearance and attitude. While Casey turned heads because of his good looks, Carl turned heads because of his size. Of the four of them, Carl was the most muscular from years of working out. Though he didn't compete, his size and definition rivaled that of some professional bodybuilders and he kept his body, as well as his head, shaved smooth to show off his development. His green eyes were dark but were set off with the small gold hoops he wore in each of his ears. An inch shorter than his youngest brother, he dominated any room he was in not through intimidation but with his outgoing personality. "I've done it. Again, I say I bet at least one of you has had a dick in his ass. So what's it gonna be, Casey? Do you wanna use that thing or are you gonna put it away for good?"

Under any other circumstance, Casey knew he probably would have taken a swing at Carl for what he'd said. But his embarrassment demanded that his brother be shamed even more than he was. And to his mind the only way to accomplish that would be to challenge Carl's self-proclaimed comfort about taking a dick. He took a step closer to his brother and said, "You like using that mouth so much, do it. Suck my dick."

With no hesitation, Carl leaned forward and took Casey's dick into his mouth.

"Woah!" Jake exclaimed while Cam laughed uncomfortably.

Ignoring the other men, Casey put his hands on Carl's head and began to hump his swelling dick into his brother's mouth. "You like talking shit? Can't say much now, can you?"

Carl didn't protest what Casey was doing to him. He knew his brother and men like him well enough to know that it was all a show. Intent on antagonizing him further, he began to moan and slurp on the still hardening dick and reached out to massage Casey's balls.

"That's a good idea," Casey said. "Lick my balls, bitch."

As his head was moved to Casey's low hanging sack, Carl took over working Casey's nearly hard dick with a fist. "You might think I don't have much to say, but I can tell you that it looks like you're enjoying this. Maybe I was right, maybe you just wanted some head."

Casey pulled Carl's face into his balls and moved his head back and forth as if he could smother his brother with his scrotum. "Shut the fuck up. You're the one enjoying this shit, ya fucking cocksucker."

"I am." The loose skin pressed to his face muffled Carl's voice. "Been a while since I had a dick in my mouth. Thanks."

"Get off me." Casey pushed Carl away from him and struggled for words. "You...you...sick fucking...fuck."

Carl chuckled and winked an eye. "Finished now? Got it out of your system? Feel like a man now that you've made me suck your dick? Or is your masculinity intact because you didn't want a guy on you who might enjoy it?"

"Shut up before I actually choke you with it."

"We can go back to poker or keep playing this game. But just know I'll win if you keep this shit up. Wouldn't be the first time I've had ten inches in my throat. Hell, I've taken eleven without gagging so your dick, while impressive, will just be an annoyance."

"Fuck you," Casey said as he threw himself into his chair. "Goddamn cocksucker."

Carl shrugged and shuffled the cards. "Sticks and stones, bro."

Jake met Cam's eyes seeing the same uncertain disbelief in them then turned to look at the other two men. "So you're just going to sit there and deal like you didn't just have Casey's cock in your mouth?"

"Yeah," Carl said simply.

When it was obvious that no one had anything else to say, Cam broke the silence. "Okay, then. Guess we'll just let that go."

Carl rolled his eyes. "Come on. It's not a big deal. I've been with guys in the past and probably will be again in the future. It's just sex."

"But you're married," Jake said knowing that it sounded stupid even as he said it. "And he's your brother."

"And my wife doesn't have a dick," Carl countered as he began to deal. "I'm not saying I ever thought about his dick, but if he's going to whip it out and stick it in my face after I told him to stop that shit, I'm gonna assume he wants me to play with it."

"Just...damn," Cam said with a shake of his head. "But, hey, if that's your thing, good on you."

As they refocused on the game their conversation drifted off to other subjects. Carl, however, took note of the fact that Casey had yet to pull up his shorts. The youngest brother sat in his chair with his boxers around his knees and his cock still rising hard out of his crotch. While it wasn't out of the ordinary for him, it was unusual that Casey periodically reached down to squeeze or stroke himself. And across the short distance that separated them, Carl soon saw what looked to be a decent stream of precum seeping from the tip.

Jake noticed as well and said with more than a little exasperation, "What the fuck, Casey? You gonna sit there and stroke your meat all night or what?"

"Hadn't planned on it, but that jackass done gone and got my engine revving."

"Was I that good?" Carl asked.

"Fuck you."

Carl chuckled. "I told you, I'm down for that if you are."

Casey twisted his face into a look of disgust. "You keep saying that like you mean it."

"I do. It's been awhile since I've had any dick and wouldn't turn you down. That's a nice piece, man. Big fucking bone like that shouldn't go to waste."

"What the fuck is wrong with you?" Casey asked. 

"Nothing. I just know I have a pretty hot ass—"

"The fuck?" Jake exclaimed while Cam said, "That's too gay, bro."

"—and, out in the field, it got used plenty. I do kinda miss that."

Everyone stared and quieted as Carl reached over and began stroking Casey's dick.

Casey moved his eyes between Carl's hand and face. "What the fuck are you doing?"

"Taking care of this."

"I don't remember asking you to."

"And you're not stopping me either."

"'Cause that shit feels good," Casey said with a shrug.

"Bet this feels better," Carl said as he slid out of his chair and kneeled next to Casey. He leaned over, took his brother's dick into his mouth then set up a slow pace bobbing on the hard flesh.

Casey let out a sigh of relief. "Shit. That is good."

"This is not happening," Cam said. "This is really not happening right now."

Jake stared at the sight of Carl sucking his brother's dick in disbelief. When more laughter from their wives broke the silence, he said, "Am I the only one who thinks this is a bad idea if for no other reason than the fact that the girls are right out there?"

"I can think of a shit ton of reasons why it's a bad idea," Cam muttered.

Casey snorted. "You wouldn't think that if it was your dick getting sucked. This fucker's pretty good."

Carl pulled off and gave his brother a teasing glare. "Pretty good?"

"Don't fuck with me right now," Casey said as he pushed Carl back onto his dick. "I'm gonna let you do this but you gotta shut the fuck up."

Cam raised an eyebrow. "You're gonna let him? Seems like he was gonna do it whether you wanted him to or not."

Carl pulled off again just long enough to say, "Like I said, no sense in letting a hard dick go to waste."

"This is just fucking sick," Jake said. "I get dudes fucking around, but you guys are brothers."

"So?" Carl asked testily. "Seems like he'd be the perfect person to fuck around with. Less chance of this shit getting out. I might be okay telling people I get dicked but I'm sure as shit not going to say my brother fucked me and I'm sure he wouldn't say he did it."

Jake narrowed his eyes. "The way you keep bringing up getting fucked makes me think you want him to fuck you."

"Having a dick in the mouth makes a guy realize how long it's been since he's had one in the ass." He looked up at Casey. "I meant it. I wouldn't mind sitting on this thing."

"Really?" Casey asked hornily. "You really want to do it?"

"Fuck, yeah, man. It's been ages since I had a nice one like this."

Cam's voice was heavy with disbelief. "You are not going to fuck him."

"Ain't like we're gonna have two headed babies or anything," Casey said thoughtfully. 

"Seriously? You're gonna do it?" Jake asked.

Casey shrugged. "Why not? I'm horny and he's willing."

"'Why not?'" Jake repeated. He pointed behind himself with his thumb as he said, "I don't know, maybe because of the four women outside. Or at least because of the one you're married to."

Casey shrugged in acknowledgement of Jake's point though he didn't stop Carl from continuing to bob on his dick.

The room fell silent for a moment as Jake and Cam processed what they were witnessing. Other than the sound of their wives outside, the only noise was the wet sound of Carl working his brother's dick.

When Casey spoke again, his voice was quiet and hesitant. "I wanna do it. Can I have a piece of that ass?"

Jake shook his head rapidly. "No. No, no, no."

Carl pulled off and used a hand to replace his mouth on Casey's dick. "I already told you that you could."

When neither of his brothers made a further move or comment, Cam said, "Not that I'm encouraging this, but if you're gonna do this, ya might wanna get to it. The girls could walk in any minute."

"I got some lube in my bag," Casey said to his oldest brother as he guided Carl's mouth back onto him. "Grab it for me?"

"You are fucking kidding me. I'm not gonna sit here and watch you fuck him." Jake stood and turned intending to go to his room but stopped. If he went to his room, he would pass in front of the large glass door on the other side of which their wives sat and they would most likely wonder what had caused him to leave the others. While he didn't necessarily want to cover for the two men, he also didn't want to give them away. With a sigh, he opted to go to the kitchen to get away from what his cousins were doing. He had just opened a fresh beer when Cam came back out of Casey's room.

"Thanks," Casey said as he caught the small bottle that Cam tossed to him. He pushed Carl off his dick and began to slick his length.

At the same time, Carl stood to lower his shorts. After taking the lube from his brother, he began to work his hole. As ready as he could be, he straddled the chair facing Casey and got into position to lower himself on his brother's erection while cupping his own crotch to keep his genitals from touching his brother.

"You have got to be shitting me," Jake said from his place in the kitchen as he watched his muscular cousin wince as his ass was obviously spread open. "You guys are really going through with this?"

Cam shook his head as he watched Casey's cock slowly disappear inside Carl. "I didn't think they'd actually do it. This is so fucked up."

"I'm not complaining, but I am a little freaked out that he's actually sliding down my dick," Casey said breathlessly.

Carl gave Casey a dry look even as he flexed his ring to milk his brother's cock. "I can stop."

"The hell you will," Casey said as he placed his hands on Carl's hips. He pulled his brother lower as he gently thrust upward. "My dick's too hard to stop now. You gotta finish me off."

"If you insist." Carl took a deep breath then allowed gravity to pull his ass down onto Casey's dick quickly. "Shit, that's deep."

"Damn," Cam muttered mostly to himself. As Casey gently humped upward into Carl, he stepped closer to watch. "You actually have his dick in your ass. He's fucking you."

"Fuck, yeah, he is," Carl said through gritted teeth.

Cam chuckled at the gasps and pained hisses Carl made and the way his face twisted in pain as he watched Casey's thrusts gradually move more dick through Carl's ass. "Bit off more than you could chew, huh?"

Carl nodded. "It's not just that he's long, this fucker's thick."

"Maybe that's a sign you shouldn't have your brother's dick in your ass, you dumb fuck," Jake said from the kitchen.

Cam raised an eyebrow. "You can pretend you don't like seeing this shit all you want, but I can see your dick tenting your shorts from here."

Jake took a swallow from his bottle. "Just because I don't think it's a good idea doesn't mean I don't appreciate what's happening. But I sure as shit am not gonna join in."

"Good," Casey said. Carl had raised himself off his lap some and Casey had found a good rhythm fucking up into him. "'Cause I don't think I want to share this ass right now. You were right, bro. This is nice." He punctuated the statement by slapping one of Carl's ass cheeks then letting his hand knead the firm muscle.

Carl let out a grunt of annoyance. "Don't fucking slap my ass like that. I might be letting you fuck me, but I'm not your bitch."

"I kinda think anytime a dude takes it up the ass, it automatically makes him the bitch," Cam offered.

"You won't think that when I shove my dick up your ass," Carl threatened.

"The fuck you will," Cam said with a chuckle. "Ain't nobody ever been near my ass with a dick and I don't plan on starting now."

Carl smirked. "I'm sure you won't be surprised when I say you should try it sometime. It's not as bad as you think."

Cam shook his head. "Nah. I'm good."

Casey pulled Carl down onto his lap then grunted as he struggled to stand with his brother still impaled on him. To Cam he said, "Help me get him on the table."

Cam guided them then supported some of Carl's weight as the muscled man laid on his back. As he helped maneuver Carl, he felt his own erection press against his Carl's arm.

Carl noticed and as Casey held his legs open to resume his fuck, he looked up to Cam's face as he reached out toward it. "Want some help with that?"

Cam shook his head and stepped back out of Carl's reach. "Nope. It's bad enough I'm helping you two do this. I ain't gonna get any more involved."

"Your loss." Carl began to fist his mostly hard dick as Casey found a slightly faster pace inside him. "Yeah, man. Fuck my ass."

"You guys aren't even gonna pretend this is weird, are you?" Jake asked from his spot in the kitchen.

"Maybe later," Casey said through his increasingly heavy breathing. "Right now, all I know is that I've got my dick in a nice piece of ass that's gonna suck the cum straight outta my balls soon."

"Do it, bro," Carl said looking directly into his brother's horny eyes. His dick was now hard and leaked a steady stream of precum as he rapidly stroked it. "Bust that nut inside me."

Cam shook his head slowly. "You are fucking sick, man. That's your brother and you're begging for his cum."

"And you're enjoying the show," Casey tossed back as he watched Cam squeeze his hard cock through his shorts.

Cam shrugged. "This shit might be getting me hot and bothered but I'm still a long way from sticking my dick in my brother's mouth or up his ass, ya fucking perv."

"I might be a perv but my dick is pretty happy right now," Casey replied.

"Feels fucking great to me," Carl said then let out a moan. "I hope you're close 'cause I'm not gonna last much longer."

Casey nodded. "I can go."

He sped up his hips and the room was soon filled with the sound of their flesh slapping together along with the counterpoint of Carl's stuttered breathing. Quietly, Jake left his place in the kitchen and moved to stand behind Casey.

To him, Cam said, "Can't be bothering you too much if you came to get a better look."
