 Lisa and Mike had been married for over seventeen years. Lisa was thirty-nine, blonde, with blue eyes, and a very nice figure, even after having three children. Mike was forty-one, with black hair, brown eyes and in pretty good shape. 

The two had a very good marriage and a very good sex life. They enjoyed sex and made it fun with role play, toys, and some mild bondage. They both enjoyed football and when their two favorite college teams played they always made a bet with the lose doing whatever the winner demanded. Things like breakfast in bed for a week, doing the dishes for a month, or the laundry were generally payment for a lost wager. But this year would be different.

Mike's team was heavily favored and he spent the entire week up to the game really rubbing it in to his wife. He took every opportunity to ridicule her team, and while she was generally a good natured person, this constant barrage of attacks was too much, even for her. Over and over again Lisa told him that if his team lost she had something extra special in mind. Mike just laughed telling her to bring it on. No matter what he assured her he would not have to do what she wanted because his team was going to win. 

Saturday morning the bet was sealed with a kiss and the two sat down to watch the game. At the end of the first half Mike's team was ahead by seventeen points and he was sure the game was in hand. Maybe he would make her wash the car every week for two months. Maybe he would make her dress up like a stripper and dance for him and finish it all off with some hot sex. 

The second half began but things began to change. Lisa's team came out charging and by the time the game was over, her team won by a field goal. Mike was disappointed and asked her what he would have to pay up for losing the bet. Lisa just smiled and said, "Keep next Saturday evening open. You'll pay up then." 

When Mike heard Lisa arrange for the kids to spend the weekend at her parent's house he thought he would be in for some very hot sex. He was not wrong.

Saturday evening came and Mike kept wondering when the great sex would start. As he sat in the family room watching TV with Lisa the doorbell rang. Mike got up and went to the door. He opened the door to come face to face with Steve one of the men who worked with Lisa. He ushered him into the family room telling Lisa that Steve had stopped by to see her. Lisa just smiled and said, "Actually Steve is here as part of your pay off for the bet." Mike looked puzzled as Lisa continued.

"My Darling Mike, you were so mean to me last week that I thought up something very, very interesting for you as payment and this is it. Steve is bi and I'm going to sit down here and watch while you two have sex on the couch." Mike turned white as a sheet. 

"No way, in hell," he blurted out. She just smiled and said, "Well, then you can forget about any kind of sex for the next 12 months." Mike was stunned and tried to talk his way out of it. After half an hour he realized he was getting no where. He sat down and said, "OK, let's get this over with."

Lisa sat down and Steve went over and sat down next to Mike. Mike sat there frozen and he became stiff as a board when Steve put his arm around his shoulders and began to caress his right shoulder. Mike just stared straight ahead as Steve began to nuzzle Mike's neck and ear. 

Mike sat there rigidly as Steve began to run his hand up and down the front of Mike's shirt and after a few minutes Steve began to unbutton Mike's shirt. He pulled the shirt open and began to lightly caress Mike's nipples. Lisa watched and in that moment she knew, she could see Mike's attitude begin to melt.

Steve lightly danced his finger tips over Mike's nipples and when Steve began to lick Mike's nipples Mike's head rolled back and he let out a sigh. 

As Steve licked away his hand went down and he began to caress Mike's thighs. As Steve's hand moved up toward his crotch Mike's legs fell open. Lisa smiled to herself and thought this is going to be easier than I thought. 

Steve quickly lowered the zipper on Mike's pants, undid the belt, and the snap. He pulled the pants open and there in Mike's shorts was a nice tent. Steve outlined the erection through Mike's shorts and Mike let out an audible moan. 

Steve moved around and straddled Mike's lap and then kissed Mike as he pulled Mike's shirt down. Mike kept his mouth clothed but soon let his lips part to receive Steve's probing tongue. As the two men kissed Steve took off his shirt and went back to caressing Mike's nipples. 

Slowly began to kiss his way down Mike's body until he got to the waistband of Mike's slacks. He pulled off slacks and shorts in one motion. Then quickly removed Mike's socks. Mike opened his eyes and couldn't believe the situation. He sat naked in front of his wife while another man was having sex with him. He was starting to move when Steve lowered his head and sucked gently on the tip of Mike's cock. Any thoughts Mike had of getting up ran away as Steve sucked and licked his cock and balls. 

As Steve worked on Mike, Steve had lowered his own pants and removed them. Mike opened his eyes to see Lisa with her blouse and bra pulled up and her pants around her ankles, masturbating as she watched the two men. 

Steve stood and lowered Mike on back and then climbed on him in a 69 position. Mike was now looking directly into Steve's erection. As Mike was debating what to do Steve's lips closed around his cock once again. Mike sighed, closed his eyes, and took Steve's cock into his mouth. He sucked and licked Steve's cock as he liked having it done to himself. 

The two men really began to get into it now. Their hands roaming over each other's bodies. Sucking, licking, and moaning, filled the room. Mike took a quick glance sideways and he was his wife beginning her orgasm. He watched her finger stroke furiously across her swollen clit and hear her grunt in satisfaction. Then he went back to sucking on Steve's cock.

Soon Mike began to feel the unmistakable feelings of impending orgasm. He also knew that Steve would be getting to that point as well and he wondered what he would do when Steve started to spurt. How could he drink another man's cum? Wouldn't it be disgusting? But then he thought of the many times he had gone down on Lisa after he had cum in her and he tasted his won creamy cum. As he was thinking about it suddenly Steve let out a muffled groan and Mike tasted the first salvo of Steve's cum. Wave after wave hit him and then it was his turn. 

He let go and his cock spasmed in orgasmic release. Both men's hips bucked as they filled each other's mouths with their cum. Then the contractions stopped and both men relaxed. The room was filled with quiet breathing as all three returned to their senses. Steve got up, got dressed, said good-bye and left. Now Mike and Lisa were all alone. She was not sure how he would react so she just waited. 

He stared at her for a few moments and then smiled. She smiled back and he said, "You know, next year my team will win. I just hope you like the taste of pussy as much as I enjoyed that cock."