 Here is a story for guys who have a fetish for big (I mean monstrous) cocks. I've been in pursuit of such organs for 2 years since my first homosexual experience of mind blowing experience with our star quarterback Jason (read "They Call Him Mr. Touchdown").

Before I went to college, I had never had one encounter with another boy (in high school). I discovered with Jason that I had a fetish for big cocks and loved everything about them. By the time I graduated college, I had fantasized many times about guys with big cocks. Mine is moderate sized, about 5" and 1" in diameter.

I lived in a small apartment off-campus after college, but I still hung around the campus alot and would take an occasional computer programming class. It gave me a good reason to hang around the student union and talk to the guys I idolized on the football and basketball team. I figured if big macho Jason was willing to give it to me, maybe some of the other athletes would be game.

One of the guys I started to get to know was named Dominic. Dominic wasn't physically big at all. He was about 5-7 and 160 pounds but he did not have an ounce of fat and I liked him alot because he was an exciting running back. I often watched his glistening black skin after summer workouts and it turned me on. But I decided long ago that he just wasn't gay so I was hoping he would be my friend.

One day, after several weeks of bumping into each other at the union, he asked if I would help him with his English assignment. I told him it was too loud in the union and that I lived just off campus. We got to my place in no time flat. We were sitting on the floor cross-legged with books spread out all around us. Dominic was wearing red sweats and sitting directly across from me. His legs were spread wide and I suddenly realized that he had an enormous bulge under those sweats. At first, I thought that maybe he was wearing something under his sweats, like some kind of athletic supporter, but as he shifted his weight and moved his legs, the bulge moved and sagged and I knew that it *must* be a giant cock he had under there.

I became visibly distracted just thinking about Dominic's cock, and was actually having difficulty focusing on what we were doing! Fortunately, he was telling me the assignment, and maybe he didn't notice for a while. But, eventually he paused and looked over at me. By this time, my cock was hard as a rock, and it must have been obvious in my shorts. He knew I was staring at his crotch, and he could see my hard cock plainly.

Then, to my absolute shock, he looked at me, smiled, and said "Can I suck your cock?"

I didn't know what to say. I was still in shock. He looked a bit embarrassed, and I didn't want him to get the wrong idea. Well, I just nodded my head "yes", even though I actually wanted to suck his cock. He looked relieved.

I pulled off my shorts, revealing my rock hard cock. Dominic leaned over, grabbing my twitching rod, and promptly put my straining glans into his large mouth, gradually sucking my entire 5 inches down his throat. I could feel his throat contracting around my cockhead, and he kept an excruciatingly slow, steady pace as he slid my organ into his mouth, then slowly pulled his head up so only the tip was in his mouth as he lapped at the sensitive skin with his tongue.

He was good ... really good ... and must have really been enjoying himself. He had me at the very brink of orgasm for at least 10 minutes as I twitched and writhed on the living room floor. I was begging him to let me cum. Finally, he pulled my dick out of his mouth, licking my cockhead rapidly as he stroked me with long wet strokes. I could take no more, and within instants my cock was spurting wads of semen into the air, splattering his hair, cheeks and lips with my white cream. The contrast off my pearly goo on his ebony skin was erotic!

Just as my orgasm was subsiding, we snapped to attention as we heard a knock at the door. I couldn't believe it when I saw it! It was our star wide receiver, Ervin. How did he know we were here? Quickly, Dominic ran to the bathroom, cum dripping from his hair. I went to the door, pulling my shorts back on and inspecting myself. I heard the water running in the bathroom as the sophomore and I went into the dining and asked where Dom was, that they were supposed to hang out that afternoon before workouts. Dom came out shortly thereafter, acting as if nothing had happened, gathered his books and said to Ervin lets go hang out.

That night, I lay awake thinking about Dominic's cock. I had misgivings. I wondered whether he would regret what happened, and how he might react the next time I saw him. Then, two nights later, Dominic called and said he wanted to study that night but something came up. He made up some kind of excuse, but I could tell from the sound of his voice that he was nervous. Shit, I thought.

But I was desperately curious. So, the following Monday I went down to the field where the team practiced and sat on the sidelines. I singled out Dominic by his number and watched as they practiced. Sooner or later, Dominic recognized me sitting on the sidelines and during a break, came over and said hello. He apologized about canceling the other night, and told me that there wasn't any problem. He asked whether I had the time to make it up. I said, "sure", and he asked if we could go take care of it right away. I was filled with anticipation and instantly said "yes".

He went over and talked to the coach for a couple of minutes. Academic issues were pretty important to the school, so I assume the coach was very easy-going when it came to team members and tutoring.

In a few minutes, Dominic was back and we both headed for the locker room. In a few minutes, still wearing his workout clothes, he came out with some books and we headed to my apartment, about a 10 minute walk.

On the way, we gradually moved to the subject of him sucking on my cock. He told me that, not only didn't it bother him, but he really liked sucking on cock. Then, I turned and looked up at him and told him that what I really wanted to do was suck on *his* cock. I don't remember exactly what he said, but he smiled, as I recalled, then mentioned that he saw me staring the other night at his crotch (which I knew). When we finally made it to my apartment and I was unlocking the door, he said to me: "I hope you're ready for this." I could guess what he meant, and I was so horny I thought I would pass out.

He sat on the couch and actually began opening a book. I said "forget the books!". I wanted that cock. He put the book down and I instantly knelt down in front of him, lifting his workout shirt and helping him pull it over his head. I hadn't been this close to him, and realized that this was a really handsome guy. As I pulled off his shirt, I was assaulted by the strong, sweaty smell of the thickly matted hair of his armpits. He asked me if I wanted him to take a shower. Again, I said, "forget it", and actually found myself being turned on by his sweaty, glistening flesh.

Dom stood up, towering above me, and unbuttoned his dirty, white workout pants. I was obsessed and horny, and as he unbuttoned his pants, I put my face against his filthy belly, running my tongue around the thick black hair which covered his navel. I reached my hands around to his buttocks and grabbed his pants, pulling them down to his ankles. Under his pants, he wore a heavy, complex-looking girdle which stretched around his waist and between his legs. I actually trembled as I looked at the immense bulge of his crotch. It looked as if he had a large cat stuffed in there behind the tight elastic material.

Then, Dom sat back down and lifted his legs up into the air, the bulge between his legs sagging ominously between his thighs. I obliged by pulling off his shoes and his sweat-soaked socks, then pulling his pants over his huge, hairy feet. He kept his feet in the air, putting one huge calf on my shoulder and lifting his buttocks.

His crotch was right in front of me, and I saw that, right between his legs, there was a hooked plastic retainer holding the bottom of the elastic panel to a thick elastic strap which disappeared between the crack of his ass.

He told me to undo the retainer and that would release the strap. I got closer, his colossal mound rising in front of me, and weaved my fingers through the black hair between his legs, hooking my finger behind the retainer, fumbling to determine how to unhook it. Finally, I pulled it forward and pressed on the small indentation in the front as the elastic bands separated and the V-shaped panel snapped open. I was awestruck. From beneath the elastic panel, two colossal testicles the size of fucking grapefruits descended in their sagging sack of flesh. Dominic just laughed quietly as I stared and stared.

I was filled with curiosity and desire as I pulled up the top flap of his girdle. There it was, and it was beyond my wildest imaginings. His cock lay, completely limp, curled in an S-shape like a python resting on a thick bed of black hair. My hand would only surround half of the broad 4-inch wide base. I felt like I was holding onto the neck of some strange animal. His limp cock was covered with wrinkled, hairy skin. I slid my hand up from the base, hoisting his limp cock up vertically as the thick cylinder snaked over my hand. From the broad base to the flabby folds of the uncircumcised tip, it must have been at least 5 inches of thick, limp flesh.

Dom said nothing, but just laid his head back, breathing slowly, while he unbuckled the top strap of elastic, giving me full access to his crotch, thighs, and belly. His crude-looking cock dominated his midsection, and those balls ... geeesh! I dug one hand beneath just one of those massive spheres. They were HEAVY, wet and sticky, covered with thick furrowed skin and snaking dark veins.

I went absolutely crazy. First, I licked and licked at those colossal balls, drenching them with saliva and savoring the salty male taste. Then, I reached up and encircled his still-limp flesh with both hands, running my tongue up the rough, wet underside until I held the fleshy tip in both hands and dug my tongue down into the wet wrinkled opening at the end of his foreskin. Gradually, I worked the thick folds of flesh with my hands, and pushed the flabby foreskin aside with my tongue, revealing Turk's misshapen, plum-sized cockhead.

I wasted no time. Pushing upward with my thumbs, I lodged the flaccid glans deep into my mouth, burying my lips deep in the folds of his wet foreskin. Dominic suddenly jumped, his rippling muscles jerking wildly.

In front of me, I stared down his long, limp shaft, holding the head firmly in my mouth, moving my hands in long strokes from the thick black forest of pubic hair up to the dickhead lodged in my mouth.

As I worked the leathery flesh, he began to moan and move his hips in unison with my strokes. With each motion, I felt his cockflesh surge and swell, growing slowly but surely. I sucked and licked, but couldn't help but be filled with awe as I watched the thick-girthed cylinder throb and swell larger and larger, Dom writhing and moaning more and more as I fondled his shaft and tremendous gonads. At some point, I realized in shock that Dom's cock was nowhere near erect, even though the firm stalk already extended a good 10-12 inches from my straining mouth to its expansive base.

He moaned and thrashed continuously, when he suddenly grabbed my head with both of his powerful arms and began to push his throbbing cockhead hard against the back of my throat. His cock was growing swiftly now, the awkward tip of his cock now swelling beyond my ability to contain it. My tongue was immobilized by the sheer size of his jaw breaking cockhead, now being rammed full force into my mouth as his thighs thrust powerfully upward. I was excited, amazed, and frightened all at the same time.

My mouth was in pain, and I tried desperately to pull the thick-girthed head from my mouth. I must have struggled for a minute until I finally pulled the enormous glans from my mouth with a loud, wet plop. I couldn't believe my eyes when I gazed, shaking, at Dominic's horse-sized organ. Now fully erect, hard as rock and covered with snaking, pulsating veins, it was at least 13 inches in length and 4 inches in diameter. By itself, the purple head was the size of my fist, with a gaping, finger-sized opening at its tip, leaking its syrupy load of pre-cum. Only an hour ago, I wouldn't have believed that a human cock could grow so large ... I felt like I was in some dream world.

He was obviously going wild with desire. He grabbed his huge fuckshaft with both hands, ramming the dripping head against my face, continually telling me to lick him, to suck him. He kept panting and saying how much he wanted to fuck me in the face. I tried desperately to oblige, licking up and down the enormous shaft, wetting his cockhead and fingers with my saliva. He was squirming out of control on the couch as I heard him push the coffee table over behind me, his legs flying and his filthy feet ramming against my sides. I tried to take control. I grasped the pulsing base of his shaft with one hand, and placed the other hand above his, gripping the throbbing neck beneath his huge glans.

The scene must have been incredible. Four hands gripped the monstrous shaft of flesh. I licked and licked, furiously wetting the throbbing purple head, dipping my tongue into his gaping cockhole and smearing the seeping pre-cum all over the glazed, taut skin of the bloated head. His evil-looking balls rose and fell as his thighs tightened repeatedly.

I remember that I suddenly sensed that he was going to cum, and I began to stroke his shaft in hard, long strokes. He threw his head back on the couch, and stretched his body out straight, every muscle as tight and hard as steel. I held a firm grip on the neck of his cock, and concentrated on the thick, furrowed skin beneath the dark tip, sucking it into my mouth and sliding my tongue up and down, then across the top of his cockhead as my other hand slid up and down the 13-inch club. Dom breathed in gasps of air, for a moment going limp, then again tensing his entire body as I worked at his mind-boggling organ. I kept this up for what seemed like hours, but probably for at least 10-minutes, as Turk's body trembled and quivered, building to a crescendo.

I had settled into a steady, but intense rhythm when (and I remember this exactly), Dominic said in a strained whisper "Watch out". A half-second later, I was stunned as his cock suddenly erupted with a half-inch-thick jet of semen aimed right at my nostrils with such force that thick wads of cum shot straight down the back of my throat and into my mouth.

his muscles convulsed wildly as he let loose with the most staggering onslaught imaginable. I tried desperately to hold onto his huge organ, and wanted to devour his cum. But each blast was more cruel than the last, spewing an unbelievable quantity of semen into my mouth. Soon I was choking on thick wads of hot cum. The rest was all a blur. Dom's cumblasts came in waves, shooting streams of stringy, thick cum into the air. His giant, cum-laden balls must have pumped out their boiling contents for at least 3 uninterrupted minutes as I continuously pumped my hand up and down the mammoth, spasming cock, now covered with a thick glaze of slithery semen.

As his orgasm subsided, I was still crazed with lust as I licked and drank his incredibly thick swill. I felt like I had literally bathed in cum. My hair, shoulders, face and arms were thoroughly coated with oozing slime, and cum dangled from my lips and nose as I slid my tongue up and down his now shrinking cock.

Since that experience this summer, I have craved huge cocks and huge cumloads. I've even found a cock larger than Dom's, and one guy whose cum was thicker and even more plentiful than his too. Still, I think that original experience was still the most mind-blowing encounter I've had with huge, freakish cocks.