 The Big One: A First Time Story

I lead a pretty mundane life, or at least I did until last week when I had an experience that changed my life.

I'm a digital photo editor and web designer, and for the last few years, I have worked in the adult industry, making web sites and taking/retouching photos for adult entertainment clients. Most of my friends bust my balls on a regular basis, "I bet you get laid all the time, taking pictures of naked chicks.", etc. In fact, nothing could be further from the truth.

Last Monday, I kissed my wife, patted the kids on the head, and went to work like every other day. I wasn't even thinking about the shoot for that day, it was a single male model doing nude glamour poses. I see 10-12 models a week, and they are fairly evenly mixed male and female.

I got to the studio, and I was the only one there. Usually I have a light tech or one of the bosses there, but I was on my own...which happens about half the time. I went about setting up, and right on time, the model walked in. He was a very average looking guy. Not a particularly great body, or particularly good looking, I briefly wondered exactly why the site owner was paying for professional photography, but then, it's not my job to judge, just to line 'em up and make the pics.

I introduced myself, we shook hands, and I explained that the dressing area was in the corner. Rob walked over and quickly undressed. It immediately became apparent why he had been sent here. He was hung like I had never seen before. I mean, I see a lot of naked people, but I had never seen a cock that big before. It had to be ten inches and he was just hanging...not even slightly aroused. He also had the thickest patch of pubic hair surrounding the base of his shaft I had ever seen.

The site owner had asked us to have him shave his pubic bush for the shoot, so I said over my shoulder, "They wanted you to trim your pubic hair for the shoot, Rob, the clippers are in the top drawer."

After a few minutes, I hadn't heard the clippers running, so I glanced over at him. He was standing there holding the clippers, looking at me kind of sheepishly.

"What's up?" I asked.

"I've never done this before...got any pointers?"

I walked over. "Just attach this length guide and kind of drag it against the grain of your pubic hair. It does all the work". He looked at me holding the clippers and the length guard, "Where does this go?" I took it from him and started to attach it to the business end of the clippers. "Listen", he said, "Could you do this for me? I never did it before, and I'm afraid I'm going to butcher it."

So I kneeled in front of him. My face just inches from the biggest cock I had ever seen. I'm not gay, I have never had any kind of sexual activity with a guy, but I have to say I was a little aroused being that close to that cock. I was also a little embarrassed that I had those feelings.

I turned on the clippers and awkwardly ran them through the top of his pubes, and a little shower of hair fell between his legs. "I'm going to have to make a little contact here to do this right," I stammered, "Just wanted to apologize in advance."

He smiled kind of sheepishly at me, "I guess it goes with the job, do whatever you have to do."

So here it was. The first time I had ever touched another man's cock, I rubbed my hands together and blew into them to warm them up. "That's mighty considerate of you", Rob chuckled. I laughed, too and took his huge member in my left hand. I heard him suck a quick breath in as I made contact and felt his cock stiffen ever so slightly as my fingers wrapped around the shaft. I pulled it down slightly to draw his skin taught and began to trim his pubic bush. The more hair I cut, the bigger his cock looked in my hand.

I lifted his mammoth penis so I could trim the hair growing around his shaft. The buzz of the clippers against his cock, and my warm hand started to make his cock grow harder and longer. I couldn't believe how big it was getting.

"Damn, Rob. Not for nothing, but that's gotta be the biggest cock I've ever seen." He was blushing, "Sorry it's getting hard...what you're doing down there feels pretty damn good." "I'm sorry", I said, "I'll try and make it go as quickly as possible."

"Take your time."

So I did. I didn't want to admit it, but I was enjoying it at least as much as he was. I had never felt someone else's cock get hard in my hand before. Mine was getting hard, too.

I held his cock tighter and ran the buzzing clippers over his balls. I heard him moan and his huge cock was reaching it's full potential in my hand.

"Did you use one of those pumps? Or do some kind of exercises to get this so big?" I asked.

He laughed, "Looking to increase your size?". I looked up at him and nodded.

"Well," and he leaned back against the dressing table, "maybe that saying that you are what you eat is true...couldn't hurt to try, huh?". We both laughed.

I was done trimming him and I set down the clippers, but I still had his cock in my hand. I started to rub the loose hairs off the shaft and a little bubble of precum oozed from the tip. That cock had to be 13" long if it was an inch. I smoothed the precum around the head and I could feel his huge shaft throbbing in my hand.

I was still trying in vain to maintain the pretense of cleaning the trimmings off his crotch, but he had thrown caution to the wind, was leaning back and really enjoying having his cock stroked.

As recently as 20 minutes earlier, I had never touched another man's cock before, and here I was, actually considering putting the biggest one I had ever seen in my mouth. I gently blew the last couple of stray hairs off the head of his cock. He gasped. His cock was throbbing in my hand. "Dude...please...help me out here", he stammered.

I slowly started to really stroke his shaft in earnest. He placed one of his hands on top of my head and started to gently pull my face towards his cock head. It was put up or shut up time. I wrapped both hands around his shaft and licked the head of his cock. "Oh shit!" I heard him gasp. I had never even thought how I would suck a cock before. I took the head in my mouth and swirled my tongue around the head. I began sucking on it, stroking his shaft, like I was milking it into my mouth. My saliva made his shaft glisten and get slippery. My hand was pumping fast. I loved the taste of his precum in my mouth. I was sucking the head of his cock like a rib bone at a barbecue.

I felt him tense, but I didn't realize what was happening until I felt his first blast shoot between my lips. I was surprised and gagged a little; because I was sucking so feverishly that his load was spurting right down my throat. But I liked it. I kept sucking. I pushed about 5 inches of his huge cock into my mouth and squeezed it to make sure I got every last drop of cum from his shaft.

He kept spurting. I couldn't believe how much cum he made, or how much I loved it. He finally pulled his cock from my mouth and seemed a little embarrassed. "I'm sorry, man. I'm not like gay or anything." "Me neither", I replied, "I've never done anything like that before. We still have to do the shoot, you know, you better go get cleaned up, huh?"

He went into the bathroom. I licked some cum juice off my hand and started checking my digital camera, not even pausing to clean up the load I had creamed in my pants.