 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.

*****

"Yeah, sure, man, you're just mad you can't jump like me," Mark said as his bike bounded over some roots ahead of me. I wheeled around them and skidded to a stop.

"I just don't want to," I grumbled, wiping sweat from my forehead.

Mark stopped easily and shot me a grin. "You don't want to because you'll wipe out, buddy. You'll eat ass." He had a mocking look on his brown face, shining with sweat.

"You know I eat plenty of ass," I shot back, pushing myself forward once more.

"Sure, virgin," Mark snorted, pulling his bike in front of mine and cutting me off. His tires shot up dirt and mud into my face and I spluttered angrily but my best friend wasn't listening. "When you gonna fuck some chick, man?"

"I told you, I'm not about just fucking; I need a connection."

"How about you connect your dick to a pussy? I thought you were talking to your coworker. Come on." He bounded over some more roots and his muscular arms trembled from the impact. Meanwhile I struggled to follow, trying to ignore that his butt was up in the air in front of me and I could see its contours through his tight wind pants as his legs worked up and down. My eyes kept darting to it, and I couldn't help noticing how nice it looked.

"Na, she's cute but I don't want that," I panted, trying to focus on biking.

"You don't want that? Bro, what the fuck? Are you actually gay?"

"F-fuck you!" I replied, flushing angrily. "Some of us want emotional stuff too, not just physical!"

Mark brought his bike to a stop again, bringing one leg down to lean on the handlebars and watch me. "So what physical stuff would be enough for you? What makes you horny then?"

"W-what kind of a question is that?" I scoffed, trying to conceal my embarrassment as porn flashed through my head.

"You watch porn, so what kind? Not the weird shit I hope."

"Everything's weird to somebody," I retorted. "Na, you know... the standard stuff, but I also explore—hentai, that incest stuff, traps, you know, broaden my mind." I laughed.

Mark raised an eyebrow, and I could see interest on his face. "Traps? What, like boys?"

I flushed deeply and stammered, "n-no, dude, they're basically girls. Yeah, okay, they're boys, but they're extremely feminine. That's what I'm attracted to."

"Yeah, but they're dudes. That's guys, dude."

"B-boys!" I protested. "I jack off to boys. Guys is like g-gay stuff." Fuck, I'd stammered saying gay.

A taunting grin was spreading across Mark's face. "Dude. You're admitting you jack off to boys. Dude! They have dicks! Fuck, dude, that's so fucking gay! You're actually gay, aren't you?" He was laughing now.

"N-no!" I protested shrilly. "It's fucking traps, dude! It's feminine stuff!"

"If dicks are feminine!" Mark chortled. "Bro, don't deny it—you've jacked off to their penises, haven't you? I mean, rubbing the other dude's, and their balls smacking together—stuff like that."

I bit my lip in frustration, blushing uncontrollably. "It's jacking off, dude. It doesn't mean anything, it's just whatever gets you off."

"Bro, admit it! Say it!"

I shook my head. "N-no!"

Mark suddenly leapt off his bike, and before I could react he'd grabbed me. His large hands seized my slender body and his powerful arms pulled me into a hold. I let out an involuntary feminine shriek as my best friend grabbed me and hoisted me like a girl.

Mark had managed to get me in a choke hold, and I could feel the heat from his body radiating into me as I was crushed inside his muscular brown arms. We were both so sweaty that our clothes were sticking together, and I could feel his sweat beginning to soak my body. Drops of sweat from his arms were rolling onto my neck and chest. I'd been so surprised that I was gasping for breath, and my heart was pounding.

"Wh-what are you doing?" I got out breathlessly.

"Gotcha! Now let's see if you'll be honest, bro."

"L-let me go, Mark," I pleaded, but he merely tightened his grip on me. "Y-you're all s-sweaty! And you're hurting me!" I said in a high-pitched voice.

"Relax, relax," he laughed. "It's fucking around. Now come on, tell me the truth. You jack off to penises and balls rubbing together, huh?"

"W-would you let me go?!" I persisted in my shrill, girly voice. "I don't—OH!" I let out a feminine squeak as all of the sudden a bulky mass pressed up into my balls and crushed my junk up into my body, wedging firmly between my legs. It was Mark's thigh. "Nnn—what—what are you doing?" I gasped.

"Maybe you'll be honest with me now!" Mark said triumphantly. "I can feel your junk right there, bro—I could put you on the ground!"

"F-fuck off!" I squeaked. "I d-don't have to—nn—tell you anything! I—nnn!" I gasped as Mark's thigh rammed up even further between my legs, smashing my balls painfully up into my dick. Mark ground my junk back and forth a little, and I let out several gasps from the intensity of the sensation. "O-oh m-my g-god—oh—okay! Okay, fuck!" I shrieked. "I'll be honest! Quit it!"

Mark gave my junk one last thrust, but he pulled his thigh back and waited patiently. My heart was hammering my chest. Fuck, I may as well have already admitted it. What was this fucking asshole doing? This was fucking assault! But what was I supposed to do? We were alone in the woods together, no help. Well, at least he would be the only one witness to my humiliation.

"Well?" Mark said expectantly. I could feel his hot breath on my ear. Several drops of sweat rolled off his face and hit my neck, rolling down into my collar. I squirmed but only felt his muscular body pressed into me.

"Fine, okay, Mark? I... I j-jack off to penises. Yes, rubbing together. I jack off to balls rubbing together too. I-it's trap shit. The boys are getting fucked in the butt, s-so yeah."

"What's that?"

"B-boys getting fucked in the butt by other boys, okay? Okay?!"

"So it's gay shit? You're into gay stuff?"

"Wh-what? No, I—EEEK!" My dick and balls were rammed again. "Oh-okay!" I gasped, my chest heaving. "It's—it's..." I bit my lip, blushing furiously. I couldn't believe he was making me do this.

"Say it," Mark ordered. He'd stuck his head out so he could watch my expression, and his grin was wide as he saw my blush and humiliation.

"Y-yeah, it's a little g-gay, alright? I'm k-kinda into gay stuff," I got out in breathy, girlish gasps.

"Ha!" I winced as Mark gave a bark of laughter in my ear. I could feel his body shaking against me with his mirth. "D-dude! Dude, I can't believe it. You fucking admitted that shit! Damn, dude!"

"N-now let me go," I pleaded. "C-come on, your body's all hot and s-sticky."

"Oh no, no, no!" Mark laughed. "Come on, buddy, you're finally being honest with yourself! You're gay!"

"I-I'm not gay!" I gasped, mortified.

"You jack off to boys getting fucked in the butt by other boys!" Mark exclaimed. "The fuck is that not gay!! You admitted it too!!"

"F-fine, it's totally gay!" I got out. "B-but I'm n-not... I'm not, like... all gay. I like girls..."

"When's the last time you jacked off to girls?" Mark said, his voice lowering. He was looking at my face again and I tried to turn away.

"L-like the other day."

Suddenly, Mark grabbed my chin with his hand, twisting my face towards him so he could get a full view of my furiously blushing face. I couldn't stop biting my lip as my best friend's face was inches from mine, taking in every obvious tell on my features. "The truth."

I gasped. Mark's powerful hand had seized hold of my hips. All of the sudden it slid under, and to my horror my best friend was grabbing my buttocks. I could feel every finger digging into my soft supple butt cheeks through me tissue-thin gym shorts and sweat soaked boxers. I squirmed like crazy, trying to get my butt out of his hand but just rubbing them together and dragging his fingers across my ballsack.

"M-M-Mark! M-my butt! What are you-!" Then I shrieked as Mark suddenly hoisted me into the air with one hand. "M-Mark! Mark! M-Mark!" I shrieked, but his other hand clapped over my mouth.

"Relax!" He said in annoyance. "What the fuck are you screaming for?"

My heart was hammering a mile a minute in my chest. I was so hot; I was streaming sweat. I couldn't stop quivering. But he was right; I was overreacting. I was acting like he was taking me. But he'd basically just fucking groped my butt! My best friend! A guy! My breaths were coming hot and rapid into Mark's fingers, but I used them to try and calm down.

My lips and tongue could taste the salty sweat on his fingers as they dug into my face, and I had to resist the sudden urge to take one into my mouth. But though I was still in Mark's hold, he was holding me against his body by just my butt. My butt was resting in his hot, sweaty hand, my balls literally pressed down into his palm. My knees were pressed together in front of me, trembling, and I couldn't even touch the ground. It was like I was a weak girl in his arms.

"Now, one more time," Mark intoned, and I could feel his deep voice vibrating through my slim body. "When's the last time you jacked off to girls?"

I let out a muffled moan through his fingers, and he moved a few in response. "I... I don't... m-maybe a few months ago," I breathed.

"But you jack off every day, right?" Mark said incredulously.

"Y-yes," I moaned, my lips and tongue running over his thick fingers as I spoke. "Y-yes, I j-jack off to boys every day. S-sometimes several times a day."

Mark let out a disbelieving breath. "Sheesh. That's soooo gay, bro. I didn't know you were this bad."

"N-no, I just... it's just a phase r-right now. My t-tastes..."

"Oh yeah?" Mark challenged. "So who are you imagining yourself as?"

My blood chilled. "Wh-what?"

"You know. Who you putting yourself in the place of, bro? The dude fucking the trap? Or the girly boy getting his butt fucked by the dude, getting dominated by another guy?"

"Mmmn," I let out a pleading moan into Mark's fingers, but he tightened his grip on my slim form, giving me a little warning shake.

"The truth."

"I... I...nnn." I bit my lip, trying to resist. Mark turned my head and looked me in the eye, and I blushed madly. "The t-trap," I gasped breathlessly as we looked each other right in the eyes. "I... I imagine g-getting fucked... b-by a guy. I w-want to be fucked l-like a girl. I want a c-cock in m-me. I want it. I'm like a girl. I want to be dominated. I w-want a c-cock in my butt."

Mark's eyes were huge as they stared into mine. "Hohhh... fuck, man."

"P-please, don't j-judge me," I begged him, now unable to resist slobbering into his now saliva-soaked fingers. "P-please, Mark, I-I've never admitted it to anyone... it's s-so, so fucking humiliating... just, p-please..."

"You wanna be fucked by a guy?" Mark repeated, flabbergasted. "You want cock!"

"I-I do!" I gasped girlishly. "I do! I—I can't h-help it! It makes m-me so horny I g-go crazy. I can't—nnnn..."

Mark shook his head. "You know I have to hold this over you, bro. It's not fair to keep this a secret from people, after all."

"Wh-what? N-no, please, Mark..."

"No, no," he waved away my protests. "They have a right to know, unless you really want this under wraps. I can keep a secret."

"I do, I do," I gasped.

Mark smirked. "Oh, please. You can say that, but I need to believe it. From now on, you're my bitch, man."

"Wha—Mark!"

Mark let out a laugh at the reaction, and his body shook mine. "S-sorry, but it's just too good, man! I mean, come on. Okay, but say you're my bitch now, really."

My eyes bulged. "Mark!"

He could barely contain his excitement. "This is payback for all those lost games. You have to do it! Say I'm your daddy, too. You're my slut."

"Your fucking what?!"

Mark guffawed. "D-dude, y-you have to do it!" He said tearfully. "C'mon!"

"M-Marrrk..." I whined, fighting back tears of my own. "Come on, p-please."

Mark was suddenly walking. His knees were smacking me in the butt with every step. I seized hold of his waist to stabilize myself with a surprised yelp. Then, suddenly, I was being crushed into a tree.

"H-hey! Hey!!" But Mark pressed me into it so hard that my legs ended up wrapped around it and my groin was smashing into it. Mark's heavy, hot bulk bore down on my back, his arms engulfing me, his own hips rammed into my butt to keep me pinned. As I squirmed, he bucked his hips into me to keep me still, and I thought I felt a thick mass crush into my buttocks. I let out a little gasp and stopped moving. Was that his fucking package? No, it couldn't be—it was way too big. No way. Was his dick really that big? Fuck, don't think about Mark's dick. Not now. Don't think about his brown cock. His big brown cock. Fuck. Stop!

Mark's hot, fast breaths hit the back of my neck, but that didn't stop him from wrapping his hand around my mouth once more and molesting my lips with his fingers. "Mmmn!!" I moaned into them.

"You ready to say it?" Mark demanded heartily. "Now you got no choice! I'm not letting you off until you do everything I say. You're mine."

"Nnngghh," I groaned. The idea of his sticky sweaty body crushed on top of me for any longer, his heavy package squashed against my butt cheeks while my mind kept drifting inexorably towards visualizations of a thick brown cock there wedged into my gym shorts—fuck!

"Say it!" Mark repeated. "Say it!"

"O-okay!" I gasped. "J-just ease up! P-please!"

"No. Say it!"

"Nnn." Subdued once again. Blushing like crazy, I finally made the decision and opened my trembling lips, dragging them across his fingers. "I... I'm... I'm you're b-bitch, Mark. I'm your s-slut. You're... y-you're m-my daddy, Mark. You're my daddy. You're m-my daddy, Mark."

Mark was laughing into my body again. "Sheesh, you only had to say it once!" He murmured, and I flushed uncontrollably. I hadn't meant to. My body was just so hot. I was going crazy. My dick kept throbbing. "B-but good! Good job, my little slut. Say you're my little slut."

"I-I'm your little slut, Mark," I whispered in my feminine gasp.

"Say you want me."

My eyes widened. "Wh-what?!"

Mark let out a chortle. "Come on, come on, you jack off to the idea of being fucked by guys every day, and you haven't thought about me at least one time? I'm your best friend, dude! We hang out all the time."

"D-don't f-flatter yourself."

"It's true, isn't it dude? Tell me."

"Mark, please!" I got out.

"Tell me!"

I bit my lip so hard it hurt. "Mmmn... M-Mark, I... I s-sometimes jack off to you. I jack off t-to you... to your b-body. Imagining your n-naked body. Sometimes I jack off w-when I think about..." My eyelids fluttered. "When I think about you f-fucking me."

"I knew it!" Mark yelled. I winced. My body was shaking like a leaf under his bulk. My heart was hammering like a drum in my chest. Oh fuck. Oh fuck, I'd admitted it. I'd admitted it to him. Yes, of course I fucking jacked off to him. I jacked off to the idea of Mark fucking me all the time. And it didn't matter if I was in class, on the bus, at home, but I daydreamed about my best friend pinning me down and dominating me with his brown cock all the fucking time. I couldn't help it. I wanted my best friend's cock so bad I could die. And now he knew. Now he knew, as I said those very words aloud, as they spilled out of my lips into his fingers. "I knew it! I knew it!" He kept saying.

"I ww-w-ant y-uour cock ss-ooooooooo b-bad, M-Mark... M-Mark, d-daddy, daddy, p-please—fuck me! Oh, Mark, fuck me! Please, I'm begging you! F-fuck me like I'm your little slut! Mark, p-please, fuck me, daddy! Fuck me!" I was shrieking, begging for my best friend to fuck me. I couldn't help it. I thrust my butt back against his crotch, several times, harder, harder, ramming my cheeks into what I knew was his bulging package.

Mark tightened his grip, trying to gain control of my break. "Bro!! F-fucking calm down!! What the fuck??!!"

I was gasping for breath, soon coming down, back to my senses. The situation was driving me insane. I was so horny I couldn't stand it. My cock was fully erect and throbbing painfully in my gym shorts, rubbing the tree. "O-okay, okay, I'm s-sorry," I gasped, my voice still breathy and feminine. "B-but please, j-just...nnnghh! Oh god! Please, M-Mark, please... fuck me like a slut.. mmmnn... nnng... please, please, please, fuck me, please..."

"Fucking relax!" Mark commanded, ramming his body into me. I gave a shriek as his package smashed into my ass. "You really want my fucking cock that badly, huh? You're so fucking gay, dude. You're beyond help. You're fucking begging a guy to fuck you in the ass."

But I could feel it now. I could feel a huge, hard rod, quickly stiffening, pushing itself into my yielding buttcheek. Mark thrust it up against me, and again. "You're gonna have to beg real hard for me to give you this gay-ass shit you want, bro."

"I'll beg, I'll beg, I'll d-do anything, daddy."

Mark sucked in a breath, a little overwhelmed himself. But I could feel his stiff cock rubbing up and down my butt now, bunching up the wet, soaked shorts between us. "Mmnn," he grunted. "Your butt feels like a girl's, dude, fuck. You're actually like a girl. You're pathetic."

"Y-yeah, it's a girly butt," I admitted, chewing on my lip furiously and fighting the waves of heat washing over me. "I have a girly butt. I'm girly. I... I have a girly c-cock too. But you... I bet you have a... a m-manly cock. I big, manly brown cock."

"D-duuuude," Mark groaned. "You're so fucking gay for me. You really want my cock?"

"Y-yes," I panted.

"Okay, you fucking slut," he snorted. "Here, take a look." And all of the sudden Mark had yanked down his pants. His absolutely fucking gigantic brown cock flopped out, covered in bulging veins and shining with sweat, surrounded by a thick jungle of black pubic hair and hung with plump, gleaming balls. A pungent smell hit me and my eyelids fluttered. Oh god, I wanted my mouth on it. I wanted to suck it.

"M-Mark," I breathed. "Oh my god, M-Mark, it's huge. Your cock is so big. L-let me.. oh god, p-please let me put it in my mouth. Please let me suck it. Let me suck your cock, d-daddy."

"You little fucking slut!" Mark laughed and suddenly let me go, at long last, let me drop to the forest ground. But it didn't matter now. I was mentally his, not just physically. My body trembling, I crawled on all fours to where he stood, and looked up at the monstrous brown cock dangling above me, pretty hard already and throbbing, along with his giant balls.

"Nnnghh..." I moaned.

"As if I'd let a boy suck me," Mark snickered. He seemed to be finding real pleasure in this now. "Here, you can have my balls. Let me mark you."

"Y-yes, M-Mark." I bit my lip and crawled beneath him, looking up at the hairy balls swinging gently above my face. Several drops of sweat splattered my nose and mouth. Past his junk I could see Mark's eyes looking down into mine with a sneer on his face. 

"Here." He dropped his balls onto my face. Their hot bulk smacked into me like weights, and I let out a gasp. My lips and tongue hit the hot, sweaty skin of Mark's ballsack, and before I could close my mouth he was dragging his balls up and down my white face, my mouth, nose, eyes, cheeks, smearing them with his sweat. His forest of pubic hair was dragging against me as well.

I was overwhelmed by the pungent odor of his junk as his balls mashed into my nose. This was a guy. This was a guy, and he was rubbing his balls on my face. All I could see was his brown balls, and his hairy thighs rubbed against my cheeks on either side. 

Mark stepped over me, turned around so that I caught a glimpse of his bare butt—a man's butt—thick, muscular, meaty and brown—before he plastered his balls on my face again and turned around to the front once more, working them all over me.
