 ****This is a story with a plot line. If you are looking for something to get your rocks off, this is not for you. This is also a m/m story. Again if this is not your cup of tea, the leave.



"Fuck. Fuck, fuck, fuck".

I was trying my best not to have a heart attack as I paced the room at a speed which didn't help in calming my already racing heart beat. This was it. Today was the day that would either make me or break me. I had been waiting for this for...geez...three years now? Today was the day of my presentation to the board of directors that would either allow me to go ahead to Phase 2 or send me back to my laboratory to square one. 

I had been working on Phase 1 of the project for about three years. I started as a lowly undergraduate student lucky enough to get a spot as an undergrad researcher in the most respected laboratory in the entire Biology department. How I landed this spot, I had no fucking idea, but I didn't complain, too much. 

I started college right after I turned 18. Once there I had always known I wanted to major in Biology. The dynamics of the world around me has me completely enchanted. I landed a spot in the lab my sophomore year. At first I was just a tech; meaning I was stuck with slave duty cleaning beakers and making petri dishes. But I quickly moved up the ladder and became the lead researcher on the Kaolin project. Now for any who doesn't know what Kaolin is...it's clay. White clay. Extremely messy white clay. Phase 1 of my project was to isolate and determine the species of micro bacteria living in the clay causing it to spoil and therefore negating any use for the clay at all. This may seem fairly simple right? Wrong. It took me three years to develop the proper protocol for extracting the mirco organisms, grow them, and run their DNA through the system. 

By the end of all the Phases, we should be able to easily identify and kill the micro organisms living in the Kaolin. This will save companies millions of dollars and help to also keep the environment clean by eliminating the waste. All in all, if things went well, I could make some serious money and earn a lot of respect and prestige in the scientific community. 

My thoughts of all I that had been through were suddenly interrupted when the professor I had been working under burst through the door. He looked like he could kill someone at that exact moment, which would not surprise me in the least. He was in his fifties and had grey hair flecked with white streaks. He had cold grey eyes and a matching heart. He was Russian and spoke with a thick accent that took quite some time to get used to. I hated him.

"Ben, what you doing?! You talk in 5 minutes! I hope you are prepared, you better not embarrass me. I expect the best in my laboratory. You better......"

I tuned him out and just stared and nodded at him. He eventually left mumbling to himself in Russian. I rolled my eyes and sighed. 

" Ha! As if I would embarrass you. I had to tell YOU everything about Phase 1. You hardly come to the lab, and when you do, it's to belittle me..." I huffed. That man made me crazy. 

I sighed once more and headed to the door to present my speech. I stopped to look in the mirror before. Good thing I did. My hair was all over the place due to the fact I nearly had pulled it out just a few minutes ago. I did my best to tame the beast. Once satisfied, I drank in my appearance. I'm not going to lie; I was pretty good looking for a biology nerd. I stood about 5'11'' and had the body of someone who obviously took care of themselves. I played soccer and ran track in high school and continued through college so my body was extremely toned, but not overly muscular. I took pride in keeping in shape. I had jet black hair that looked to have blue tones in it with the right light that fell just past my shoulders. It complemented my ice blue eyes extremely well. I keep clean shaven due to the dangers of having facial hair in a lab (another tale for another time) and my skin was soft and pale. The only feature that blemished my face was a 4 inch scar that ran down my right cheek that I got from an explosion in the lab. It was light pink now and not too noticeable, as it looked like a small welt. The story about how I got it makes me laugh now; but at the time, it was terrifying. I wasn't at all bad looking for a 22 year old science buff, or any 22 year old for that matter.

I took in a deep breath and held it as I walked out of my room and into the conference area to face my future. 

****

"Congratulations Mr. Johns. It seems all your hard work has paid off and there is enough proof to move onto Phase 2 of the project."

It felt like I could breathe again. I just stood there taking it in. 

"We have some issues we would like to discuss with you of course. We would like for you to stay project leader and we feel as if you could best do that without the presence of Dr. Markov. He is of no use to us in this project. You would need to move to Michigan in order to have the proper equipment necessary to complete the project. We would pay for you to mover there and of course this would become your thesis for your PhD. We would pay for the entire cost of the tuition fees and give you a stipend of $50,000 a year as a salary. You will not be working for the school but for IMERYS, so you would report to us not them..."

After hearing about that much, I was lost in my thoughts. No more Dr. Markov? This was like a dream come true. And it kept getting better and better hearing all of the details of my new life. I was on Cloud 9.

"Mr. Johns?"

Crap. What had they asked me? "Oh, sorry. Could you repeat the question? I was.."

" Haha. Of course. I understand you had zoned out. This is a lot to take in. I asked if you would like to take the job?"

"Of course! Thank you so much for this opportunity!"

"Excellent. You need to be in Michigan in a week. I will have my assistant email you the details. I implore you to find a house immediately and begin packing. You will need to spend all of your time of this project. See you soon." 

****

A few short, but whirlwind days later, I found myself in Ann Arbor, Michigan staring at the building in front of me. I still couldn't believe it. I pushed open the doors to the science building and walked into my new world. Here is where I would spend most of my days. 

I had the key to my office and lab space and begin to look for them. I found it pretty quickly. When I opened the door, I looked at the most beautiful lab I had ever seen in my entire life. It made my previous lab look like a dungeon. The walls were white and in the middle of the room there were three large islands with black counter tops. There were tons of cabinets that were fully stocked with any chemical I could possibly ever need. The drawers of the islands were stuffed with beakers, pipettes, petri dishes, and pretty much any sort of disposable equipment I would need. The main room had a door on the left, which was my office, and also opened up into another room on the right that held all the machines I would need. An electron microscope, and PCR machine, qPCR machine..I could go on forever. I had died and was in biology heaven.

I stepped out of the lab and noticed the golden plaque hanging on the wall near the door. 

"Mr. Johns, MS Microbiology. That's got a nice ring to it." I smirked thinking soon that MS will be a PhD. A small clearing of the throat caught my attention and I turned around to match a face to the sound.

"Mr. Johns?" a small Asian woman in her late forties asked.

"That's me. And you are...?" 

"Forgive me. I'm Dr. Cho. I work in the Genetic lab down the hall. You can call me Ellen though. I just wanted to come and welcome the newbie. I have heard a lot about you!" she squeaked.

This woman was a fire cracker and I instantly knew we would be great friends. She was rambling on and on about how wonderful it is to see a new face around here and how she could show me around the campus.

I cleared my throat and she said "Oh sorry, dear, I know I must be talking your ear off by know. I'll let you be. "

I finally sat down in my office and began to surf the internet when I heard a noise in my lab. 

"I have got to remember to lock that door." I said to myself as I opened the door to my office expecting to see Ellen again. I was pleasantly surprised. I opened the door and saw the most beautiful man I have ever seen in my entire life. He looked to be in his late twenties. Now I am pretty tall but he towered over me and stood at what I guessed to be 6'5''. He had chocolate brown hair and the greenest eyes I have ever seen. I want to say jade green, but that does not do them justice. He had a very strong jaw line and a perfectly sculpted nose. By looking at his chest and arms, it was obvious he worked out and kept in shape. He was wearing a black button up that showed off his arms and a pair of black slacks that made me very much to see what was underneath them. 

I suppressed a moan when he took a few steps towards me. 

"Bentley Johns I presume. I understand that you will be working in the Microbiology lab. Congratulations. I expect you to know what you are doing. Do not get in my way." He said in such a demanding tone that made a chill run down my spine and made my cock twitch. Then he walked out closing the door behind him.

I walked back into my office trying to grasp what just happened. The most beautiful man came into my lab, threatened me, and left. The tone of his voice combined with his looks made me want to do everything that man asked of me. I was never a submissive in any of my past relations so this feeling was completely unnerving. I did not even know this man's name and yet I was willing to do anything to please him. I could not allow him to know this.

****

The next week was the busiest of my life. With trying to get my lab and my office set up, unpacking all my belongings, and trying to get used to the new town, I literally was running around like a chicken with its head cut off. I had not been able to talk to really anyone that week and had many missed calls from friends back in Georgia. Unfortunately this meant that I had also not seen my beautiful man in a week either. MY beautiful man? Jesus, I have problems. 

Finally on the weekend I had managed to have some free time and I promised Ellen I would have dinner with her at a small café later that night. 

First I wanted to hit the gym because I felt like a total sloth not being able to work out in a week. I decided to do some light running. Maybe put in about three miles or so. I grabbed the nearest treadmill and shoved my ear buds in my ears and got totally lost in my running. So lost in fact I had not noticed when he hopped on the treadmill next to me. I finally noticed him out of the corner of my eye and nearly tripped and almost flung off the machine. He looked gorgeous. He had on tight black under armour shorts and an equally tight blue under armour top that left little to the imagination. He was my definition of a god. His body was covered in a light sheen of sweat. This made me think of other ways to get him in that state, which again almost cause me to trip.

He stifled a laugh at me and I flushed a deep red. He said something to me but I totally forgot I still had my music on.

"What?"

"Gabriel. Gabriel North." He then resumed his running.

With a mixture of being turned on, flustered, and tired, I decided it was best if I headed to the showers. So that is exactly what I did. 

The locker room was empty and I was thankful for this small blessing. Standing under the hot spray, I let my mind wander to the place I had let it wander to all week. Gabriel. I pictured his glorious body naked under the shower with me. He took my now rock hard 7 inch cut cock into his hand and started to rub me. I groaned loudly and forced myself to stop thinking about this. It was getting me nowhere. My hand left my cock and I tried hard to focus on shampooing my hair. 

All of a sudden I felt someone wrap their arm around my chest and use the other to pull my hips into their body and pinning me to them. 

I turned my head and I saw those green eyes. "Gabriel, wh-what are you doing?" I managed to whisper out while wriggling to get free.

"Be still."

There was that tone again. The tone that sent shivers down my spine and made me want to do everything this man asked of me. I could not let him see that. 

"What are you doing?" I repeated still wriggling under his firm grasp.

"I said be still. It will do you good to learn to obey me Bentley."

I struggled internally with the thought of obeying him or arguing with him. I decided on the former and stopped struggling.

"Good boy." He said as he moved his hand that was on my hip up my side. He traced his fingers along my abs and then moved to my nipples. He pinched one, hard. I let out a yelp that was filled with both pain and pleasure.

"Quiet."

He resumed playing with my nipple stroking it and pinching it. He then moved to the left one giving it the same attention as the other. I was rock hard and biting my lip in order to keep myself from moaning and crying out. 

He then moved his other arm that had me pinned to him and grabbed my wrists and held them together. He turned me around to face him and shoved me against the wall. He took the hand that held my wrists together and moved it above my head effectively pinning there.

I again started to struggle to free myself from his grasp, although not with much effort because I secretly was incredibly turned on while feeling totally vulnerable. 

"Bentley, do not make me tell you again to be still. You will learn to obey me or you will be punished."

He glared at me when he said this. I could not help but listen to the god of a man standing before me. I used this opportunity to look at his body. He had incredibly sculpted pecs and washboard abs. He was hairless except a delicious dark brown treasure trail leading into the shorts he still had on. His legs were incredibly toned and his thighs and calves were dusted in light brown hair. Then my eyes made it to the very large bulge inside his tight shorts. He was obviously as hard as I was and I wished he was just as naked. 

Once I had stilled again, he rewarded me with feather light touches down the side of my face starting on my scar, down my neck, then my chest, stomach and then finally to my dick. He took my member in his hand and slowly, and I mean slowly, stroking me.

It was torture and bliss all at the same time. 

"Ga-Gabriel, pl-please." I moaned out.

"This is what you deserve for not listening to me."

"I-I'm sorry. Please. Please."

I think he was satisfied in my apology or he really just wanted to hear me beg, either way, he started stroking me faster and harder. Remembering his earlier demand of quietness, I tried my best to stay silent.  Soon I felt my balls tightening and bit my bottom lip hard enough to draw blood as I shot my seed all over his hand and my chest. 

My eyes were closed when I felt him let go and I tried to slow my breathing. I had just experienced the most intense orgasm I had ever felt in my entire life. I had never come so hard. After a few seconds, I opened my eyes to finally ask Gabriel what the fuck just happened, but he was gone.

I shook my head in a mixture of confusion and anger and quickly finished my shower. 

I would ask Ellen at dinner what she knew about him. I wanted to know more about the man who made me feel things I had never felt before.