 This story is based on a real wet dream I had as a teenager. For a guy that considered himself totally straight, this was a shocking wet dream to have. It was so vivid that I had no problems recalling the dream after I awoke. Needless to say, I must have known what I really wanted even back then.

I'm standing naked at the head of a long table in a dimly lit room. Though they're sitting in the shadows, I can see more than a dozen distinguished silver haired gentlemen wearing suits are seated at the table. My hands are restrained behind my back and all eyes are fixed on me. The feeling of standing there naked in front of these men has given me a throbbing erection, and I can tell by the smiles on their faces that they are enjoying the show.

I hear a door open behind me, and a waiter in formal attire carries a birthday cake to the table. The 18 individual candles on the cake are lit and I realize we are here to celebrate my entry into manhood. The men around the table begin to sing Happy Birthday. As they finish, I lean forward to blow out the candles. I keep my wish to myself, but we all know it has to do with my cock twitching in the air. The waiter returns with a knife and begins cutting the cake. After he finishes, each slice is placed on a fine china dish and served to the men. A final slice of cake is placed on the table in front of me, but with my hands behind my back I'm unable to do anything with it.

As the guests begin to enjoy the cake, I hear the door behind me open again. I hear footsteps and feel a man walk up to stand right behind me. He reaches around me and firmly grabs hold of my throbbing cock. He presses against me and I can feel his hardon through his pants as he presses against my bare ass. He begins stroking me, slowly at first, but then faster and faster. As I get close to orgasm he stops, instead bringing both hands up and playing with my nipples. After a few minutes, his hand travels back to my cock and renews his efforts. 

He repeats this scenario several more times. By this point, I'm breathing heavily and feeling lightheaded. A steady stream of precum is flowing from my cock. The guests have all finished their cake and I'm the focus of all their attention. I'm approaching orgasm once again, only this time he stops and steps away as I stand there panting. 

The waiter returns and hands the man something, but I can't see what it is. I feel his hand running down my ass, and a well-lubricated finger slides into my hole. I practically jump at the feeling, as I've never been penetrated before. His finger moves in and out, and I can't help but move my hips in rhythm. It lasts only a few seconds, but when he withdraws his finger I let out a disappointed moan.

My disappointment is short lived, however, as I quickly feel his finger being replaced by the tip of a toy. He slowly eases the toy into my virgin ass, and I can feel the toy widening as it goes. As it begins to get uncomfortable, he pulls it out. He repeats the process, each time going a little deeper before pulling out and starting again. Just as I'm ready to say stop and tell him it's too big, I feel it pop all the way into my hole and my ass clench around the tapered base. I look around the room and see wide smiles on the faces of the watching men. I should be embarrassed, but the stuffed feeling in my ass and the throbbing of my cock has me to horny to care.

With the plug firmly in place, the man begins his work on my cock again. I'm brought close to orgasm at least a dozen more times. At this point, I'm sweating and my legs are feeling weak. I'm not sure how much more of this I can take. As if sensing that I'm at my limit, I feel the man reach down and suddenly the plug in my ass begins vibrating furiously. His hand goes back to my cock and I'm almost instantly back on the verge of orgasm. I expect him to stop again, but instead he speeds up his stroking and his other hand reaches down to squeeze my balls in rhythm with each stroke.

As I reach the point of no return, he presses up behind me until my thighs are pushed against the tabletop. He aims my cock directly at the uneaten slice of cake sitting on the table in front of me. As I finally reach orgasm, I unload shot after shot of cum onto the cake. I've never had an orgasm this powerful before, and the cake is covered in my load.

The orgasm is so powerful I've gone weak in the knees, and I gratefully sit down as a chair is placed behind me. As I sit there, exhausted and spent, the men rise from the table. One by one they begin to file out. As each one passes me he stops, reaches down to cut a bite off the piece of cake, and feeds it to me as he wishes me a happy birthday. By the time the last of them is done, I've eaten the piece of cake and every last drop of my massive cum load.