 I wrote this with further episodes in mind, so it may start a little slower. Any feedback about future directions would be appreciated, as it's been a while since I have written and am feeling a bit rusty.



My obsession with cocks started only recently. Bizarrely enough, I first noticed cocks in a big way by watching straight porn. My friend Jamie and I were watching some girl getting her face fucked when Jamie made some comment about the guy having a monster cock. That was it, I was hooked. I found myself watching his cock more than her. I began to wonder what it felt like to be her, taking that monster tool in her mouth. I even think I drooled a little at the thought.

That night I fisted my cock so hard I shot cum into my face. As I liked my lips, I wondered if every guys cum tasted the same. The more I thought about it, the more I knew I wanted to find out. The more I thought about ways to find out, the hornier I got. The hornier I got, the more my ass twitched. I ended up cumming twice more, and fell asleep with cum on my face and a small dildo hanging out my ass.

I started cruising gay chat rooms, reading and watching gay porn, all while maintaining my straight little world. I had picked up carrots and cucumbers to suck on while jerking off at the thought of having a huge cock fuck my throat. After 2 weeks of cruising, drooling and thinking, I decided to take a plunge into my new obsession and get me some cock.

I got my tightest jeans and black t shirt and headed out on the town. I drove around the block twice before parking as near to the club as I was game and tried to look casual as I slipped inside. One of my sister's gay friends had told me about this gay club where they had rooms out the back for sex on premises. I figured it was safer that way, anonymous. 

It was a whole new world inside waiting for me, guys openly kissing and rubbing each other's cocks through their jeans. I was getting harder and harder watching the action. I casually moved towards the back of the club trying to find where the rooms were. An arm snaked around my waist and his hand grabbed my rock hard cock. "New here?"

I gulped and nodded. He steered me to the back of the club, his hand rubbing my cock from behind me as we walked. He pushed a door open and slapped my ass. "In you go." I went into the room to find a dimly lit area that reeked of sweat and cum. I turned to look at my new friend but he walked in front of me and grabbed my hand, dragging me into an unoccupied corner. "On your knees."

I knelt down and came face to face with his crotch. He unzipped his jeans and pulled out what must have been 9 inches of meat and shoved it in my face. "I know you want it". My cock was leaking, my mouth was watering, and oh yeah I wanted it bad. I kissed the end of his hard cock lightly then parted my lips. I liked the velvety head of his shaft and swirled my tongue over his piss slit. "Yeah lick it slut." He was pushing all the right buttons. God I want it so bad. 

I parted my lips more then sucked his head gently into my mouth. I heard him inhale sharply as I sucked as hard as I could just on the head. I open my mouth as wide as I could and began to work my way down his cock, savouring every moment. I relaxed my jaw and throat as I had practiced, taking more and more of him in. 

"Fucking takes it cock sucker!" he yelled suddenly as he rammed the last inches into my throat. I gagged as he grabbed my head and fucked my mouth like it was any other hole. I tried to keep up with his pace, feeling his cock ram into my throat, my tongue tasting every inch of him as he grunted above me. My cock was rock hard and leaking madly. I grabbed his ass cheeks and helped him fuck my face over and over. I slurped and groaned and knew that I wanted this to go on and on. 

His cock pulsed in my mouth, his balls smacking my chin as his rhythm increased. I was nearly panting, my mouth stuffed with cock. I forgot where I was and just sucked and sucked.

I felt his cock thicken and surge as his cum shot out creamy salty cum into my mouth. He pulled his cock out and spurted ropes of his cum on my face, splashing across my nose and mouth, dripping off my chin on to my shirt. I came.

I was still kneeling on the floor, panting, watching him stuff his cock back into his jeans. "You loved that didn't you cum slut." I nodded. He smirked and pointed at my crotch. "I could tell the way you creamed your pants." I blushed and looked down. I knew at that point he had my number. "Look at me cum slut when I am talking to you". I looked back up at him. He grinned as he stepped back to reveal 3 of his mates rubbing their cocks through their jeans. "Your night isn't over yet."