 (This is another mostly true-life adventure, but the names have been changed to keep the participants from getting too famous.)

Having spent many years as a professional cinematographer and filmmaker, I knew my way around a camera. That's why it was no shock when my friend Marty asked me to help him make a special video as a gift for his girlfriend. 

His email made it clear that this was going to be something a little out of the ordinary. 

Kurt,

Since Sandra has been in Germany now for  almost 2 months, I wanted to surprise her for her birthday with a special video greeting. She and I have always had a pretty active sex life and I am sure she is about as horny as I am being away for so long.

If you'd be interested in giving me a hand, I'd be very grateful.

Thanks, Marty

After a few phone calls, we arranged a date for the shoot and I arrived at his apartment with my video camera and lighting gear. 

"Wow, you brought the whole studio," Marty said, as I struggled in with an armload of gear.

"Well, if you want to look your best you need good lighting."

Marty immediately jumped in and helped me unload the remainder of the equipment from my truck. 

Once we were finished, he offered me a soda. "Sit down for a minute and catch your breath", he said. 

"Good, that will give me a chance to get a better idea of exactly what you want to do on the tape." I sipped my soda and listened as Marty explained his idea.

"Kurt. You know Sandra and I have always had a slightly kinky relationship."

"Slightly?' I replied with as much sarcasm as I could muster.

"OK, very kinky." Marty blushed. "So I wanted her to know that I was still thinking of her and also give her a little memento to remember me by."

I smiled, knowing already what he wanted to do. " Ah, a stroke tape."

"Yea," Marty said, "pretty much."

Marty and I had been friends for a few years and I knew how much fun he and Sandra had. I'd even been privileged to watch them once at a private party as they broke in Sandra's new strap-on in front of me and a few other kinky friends. As I imagined, he wanted to give here a demonstration of how he was keeping his ass in good shape for her until she returned. 

For the first scene Marty was going to use a variety of his toys on himself. My challenge was to capture the action on video and make it as hot for Sandra as it would be if she were watching it live. 

Marty had already performed the necessary hygiene rituals and was ready to go as soon as he arranged a fresh towel on his bed. On the nightstand was a large collection of dildos and butt plugs. Some of them were disturbingly large!

" You gonna use all these?" I asked, looking at the assortment of silicone toys.

"Well I might need a little help with the big ones," Marty smiled as he was undressing. He looked over his shoulder as he dropped his jeans. "Maybe you could lend me a hand?"

I smiled, and I suspect blushed a little. Marty peeled off his white briefs, revealing his tight muscled butt. That sight was enough to assure my help with whatever he needed.

"Sure. I would be glad to help you out."

He climbed onto the bed and propped himself up on the pillows. "I figured I would start with a few words to Sandra and then on with the show."

"Sounds like a plan to me". I made the last few adjustments on the lights and then picked up my camera. Switching on the power I adjusted the focus for a nice close up of Marty as he spoke directly into the camera.

He smiled at the lens with his sparking blue eyes. "Hi sweets. I got our friend Kurt to help me out making a little surprise for your birthday. I hope you'll enjoy this tape, and I really hope it helps you get off. And I really hope we can make this tape seem tame once you get back." 

I began a slow zoom back to reveal more and more of Marty's body. He sensed my re-framing of the shot and began to stroke the rippled muscles of his chest, lingering a few moments on his taught nipples. 

"I hope you are touching yourself like I am. Imagining my hands moving over your creamy skin. I can feel yours as they play with my nipples."

With that he gave his erect nub a hard squeeze. Groaning with this self-inflicted sensation, he looked down at his chest. My camera followed his gaze and traveled down his body finally exposing his now rock hard cock laying back against his abdomen, nestled in a patch of dark hair. He moved his hand to lightly stroke his twitching shaft.

"Ummm wish you were here to taste this cock, baby." Marty rubbed his fingers across the already dripping head, gathering some of the clear precum. I followed his fingers as they neared his mouth and he licked the clear fluid from them. 

Unconsciously, I let out a slight groan myself. Marty smiled, "That was Kurt, baby. Guess he is enjoying this tape as well." 

I stopped the camera for a moment. "Damn Marty, you are gonna have her creaming her panties in no time."

Marty looked at my bulging jeans. " Looks like you might have a similar problem, Kurt." Then he laughed.

I reached down and adjusted my uncomfortable hardon before moving the foot of the bed to tape Marty's next antics. Once I had a good position I resumed shooting.

Marty looking into the camera again and then picked up one of the smaller dildos. "Guess you'd like to see me use this wouldn't you Sandra? Well, you know I would do anything for you, and I know how hot you get when you fuck my ass with your strap-on."

While he spoke, he was caressing a generous amount of lube onto the flesh colored dildo. Once he had it good and slippery, he leaned back and slid fully onto his back. I was positioned so I was between his legs, shooting up toward his cock as he raised his knees and exposed his tight butt. 

"Umm, this rubber cock is gonna feel mighty good in my ass." Marty moaned as he rubbed the slippery dildo across his puckered asshole. 

He gently nudged the realistic shaped head against his ass, teasing it open with each gentle thrust. Finally the head slipped past the sphincter and as it disappeared he moaned with the unmistakable sound of a man having a really good time.

I moved in closer as he slid the rubber dick slowly into his asshole, getting a really spectacular close-up of the shaft as it moved deeper into him.

"Oh yea I can really feel you pushing this cock up my ass, Sandra. So fucking hot!" Marty shivered as the dildo finally was fully buried in his ass. He then began slowly fucking his ass, getting it warmed up for the larger toys to follow.

After a few minutes working his hole with the rubber cock he slowly withdrew it and dropped it on a towel beside the bed. My camera caught his slightly gaping asshole before I moved back to his face. I sensed he wanted to talk to her some more before continuing. Marty smiled at the camera, "Damn, Girl I can imagine you here working me over with all these toys. Making my ass yours. Can you?"" He winked. "I know you can. Hope your pussy is getting nice and wet while watching me." He blew a kiss at the lens.

I stopped taping for a moment, sensing Marty needed a couple of minutes to get ready for the next toy.

"How do you think it's looking, Kurt?"

I simply pointed at my rock hard cock straining in my jeans. :"Does that answer your question, Marty?"

"Guess so. Glad I could entertain you as well."

I readjusted my camera position as Marty chose another toy, this one was another dildo, but much larger than the last. 

"Time for Jeff" Marty smiled. He held up a very realistic mold of the notorious porn star's penis. "Sandra really loves his movies. In fact I think one of her fantasies is to see me get fucked by him." Looking at the dildo he continued. " Guess this will have to do until I can figure out how to make that dream of hers come true for real."

"Well, let's get back into it." I said.

"Or even better, get it into me!" Marty quipped, and then he gave me one of his conspiratorial winks.

As I began taping again, I started on a close-up of the rubber casting of Jeff's cock, as Marty slowly licked the huge head. He rubbed it against his lips and then took the whole thing deeper into his mouth than I would have expected possible. As I videotaped him withdrawing it the dildo glistened with his saliva and looked amazingly real. I made sure to crop the shot so only the cock and his mouth would be visible. The fantasy was almost as good as the real thing!

As the rubber cock left his lips, I widened the shot. 

"You like that baby? " Marty smiled. "Seeing your man wrap his lips around a big porn star dick?"

I know I liked it. The growing wet spot on my jeans attested to that. I could just imagine Marty's hungry mouth on my cock, giving it the loving attention he did to the rubber stand in.

"Now that it's nice and wet, time to see what this big cock can do to my ass."

Marty sat up and rolled over on his stomach. Rising up on his knees, he looked over his shoulder at the camera. 

"Now baby, you are gonna see that big dick plow my ass, just for your."

He reached between his legs and rubbed the head of the dildo along the crack of his ass. It was obvious that he didn't have arms long enough to really feed the dildo into his ass at the optimal angle. After teasing his hole for a few minutes, I clicked the camera on "pause".

"Looks like you need some help with this for that position." 

"I was hoping you would volunteer to give me a hand with this." Marty smiled and handed me the dildo.

I put down the camera for a moment so I could smear the big cock with some lube. Even a talented ass like Marty's needed that, and especially if he wanted this to look effortless.

After I wiped my hands on a towel, I picked the camera back up. Holding it in my right hand I began taping as I nudged his butt with the slippery cock. It went in with surprisingly little effort, and through the viewfinder it looked like a real dick fucking his ass.

"Oh fuck yes", Marty moaned. "Slide that big cock up my ass."

I was eager to oblige, and pushed the dildo all the way to the hilt, until the cast rubber balls were pressing against his buttocks. Then after waiting a few seconds, I began the slow withdrawal. Marty moaned again, too lost in the sensations to speak anything intelligible. 

As I taped, I began fucking his ass a bit faster and harder with the rubber cock. It was all I could do to not just abandon the camera and take his tight butt for real, but I wanted to get this hot assfuck on tape. Besides, I suspect Marty would let me keep a copy or myself. This was turning out to be choice JO material!

I continued pounding his ass with the dildo while moving the camera as best I could, then slowly zoomed in to his face pressed against the bed. His eyes were closed and he was obviously lost in the fantasy of the moment. It made a very seductive picture. 

I stopped the camera again and slowed down my fucking. Then eased the dildo from his ass.

"How does it look so far?" Marty asked, still panting.

"Looks so fucking hot, I am about to shoot in my pants." I laughed.

Marty looked back at me. "Don't do that, it would be such a waste of good cum."

I laughed and set the camera down. "Which toy do you want to use next?" 

"Oh I think it's time for the big guns." 

I looked over the assortment of toys and immediately knew which one he meant. It was bigger than any real cock could be, but was sculpted to resemble the genuine article, albeit on a gargantuan scale. 

"You are really gonna fit that up your ass?" I gawked.

"I've done it before, and besides it's really no bigger than a fist."

I looked at the monster dildo again and saw his point. Though it was entirely too large to be a real cock, it was no bigger than a moderate sized arm.

"I think you will want to warm up a little before I tape this." I said. " Struggling with a huge dildo is not very sexy, and after all this is a fantasy."

"Good idea!" Marty agreed. "I take it you would be willing to do the honors?"

I picked up the monster cock and began coating it with lube. "I'd be delighted, really!"

Marty watched me as I rubbed the lube into the dildo. "You know if those pants are giving you too much trouble, feel free to take them off. After all, we are all guys here."

"Maybe once I get this part of the shooting done." I said with a hint of regret in my voice. I knew if my cock was let free, I could never be able to concentrate on getting the video finished.

Marty reached back and spread his firm cheeks for me as I positioned the monster cock against his ass. 

"Just go steady and slow, till I can open up enough" Marty instructed. " Let me move back onto it, rather than you pushing it in, at least until I get loosened up."

I held the dildo steady as Marty moved against it. The head spread his ass slightly as he rocked back and forth, nudging against the rubber cock. Each time he pressed it seemed as though his sphincter was opening up a little bit more. The he paused, letting the head press against him without moving.

Taking a deep breath, the exhaling slowly he pressed back against the cock. His ass resisted at first and then began to open wider and wider. The head had almost disappeared when he let out a low earth-rattling moan.

"Oh FUCK!" 

Marty continued back without stopping, until his ass finally began to almost pull the cock into it. 

"AW YEAH!" Marty rumbled. 

"This is gonna be so fucking hot!" I whispered. 

Marty paused and caught his breath and then pulled himself off the monster cock.

"OK, I think I am ready for my close up Mr. DeMille"

"This is better than parting the Red Sea," I chuckled as I picked up the camera and started taping.

We repeated the insertion of the monster dildo again for the camera, complete with suitable groans and moans, but a lot faster than before, and on tape it looked every bit as hot as it had, just without the pauses.

Soon Marty's ass was getting fucked with the gargantuan cock at a steady pace. Then with the cock buried deep in his ass, he somehow managed to flip over on his back, legs in the air to reveal his cock, semi rigid and dripping copious amounts of precum. 

"Aw yea, baby" Marty murmured. "Your man's ass is getting fucked by the biggest dick in the world. Hope it's making your as wet as it is making me." 

With that he began stroking his erect cock, using the precum as lubricant. 

"Aw yea, this big dick is fucking the cum right out of me." Marty groaned. 

I could feel his ass contracting on the dildo as I fucked him with it, and captured the whole scene on tape. As he stroked his cock faster and faster, I slowly zoomed in sensing the money shot was going to happen soon.

"Yea baby. I am gonna cum for you now. Hope your fingers are deep in your wet pussy giving it the attention it deserves."

He continued to stroke as I zoomed in closer, and almost as though it were choreographed, he gripped his shaft tightly as his cock exploded with stream after stream of thick white cum.

I could feel his prostate pumping the spurts through the dildo, and if I didn't have a camera in my hand I would have been stroking with him. This was about the hottest cum shot I had ever caught on video.

Once he had finished spewing, his hand fell away from his cum coated cock. I let the camera linger there a little longer and as I slowly zoomed back, Marty swept up some of the hot cum on his fingers and brought them to his lips. I followed with a close up as he lovingly licked the spunk from his fingers and hand. 

"Well, Sandra." Marty said with a low breathy voice. " Hope you came as hard as I did. I can't wait to replay this whole thing for you in person when you get home." 

He blew a cummy kiss at the camera and I rolled the focus into a soft fuzzy image that I would fade to black when I cut this together.

I stopped the camera and put it down, then slowly pulled the monster cock from Marty's tortured ass. As it came out the skin of his asshole looked like a bright pink rosebud. 

"That was fucking amazing." I said as I tossed the monster cock onto a towel.

"Thanks, it was good for me too, Kurt." Then Marty looked at my jeans. " But you're still uncomfortable, and that doesn't seem fair."

I looked at the wet bulge between my legs and nodded in agreement. "So what are we gonna do about this?"

He took the cue and was unbuckling my belt before I could do it myself. As Marty slipped my jeans down over my aching hard cock, it sprang free, slinging a little precum as it bobbed in the air.

"That looks good enough to eat." Marty said as he moved to my crotch. 

He licked the head of my cock and them smacked his lips. "Tasty as mine!"

"Now why don't you lay down here and let me say think you in a proper manner."

In no time I was on my back with Marty kneeling between my legs. He as devouring my cock with the same gusto he use on the dildo earlier. I watched as he sucked my dick with the skill of a seasoned porn star, and as he brought me closer and closer to orgasm, he lifted my legs higher so he had access top my ass. 

I felt his finger slowly press into my hole as he sucked my cock deep in his throat, and once he began massaging my prostate I could not hold out any longer. My fists clenched the sheets and I let out a deep growl as I shot a huge load of cum directly down Marty's throat.

He dutifully swallowed every drop and continued to suck until I had to forcibly push his head off. 

"Damn, you are too fuckin much." I laughed.

With a drop of cum running down his chin, Marty smiled down at me. "Well, anything to get into showbiz I guess."

We both laughed and fell together on the bed. Surprisingly, Marty did get into showbiz. A producer I knew offered him a part in his next porno and Marty took it. He has become one of the most sought after bottoms in gay porn, and his now-wife, Sandra accompanies him on every shoot. 

In fact he is so busy, I almost never get to play with him anymore, but occasionally our schedules line up and we make our own movies.