 Hi everyone! Thank you so much for the feedback so far, sorry about the whole name business, it's meant to be Stuart but I'm oblivious ^ ^' sorry. Anyway, I hope you enjoy!

*****

Late in the night, gentle swaying mixed with the gentle crunch of snow underfoot stirred me away. I opened my eyes slowly, looking up the arm of a leather jacket, until I met his eyes. The shine of moonlight and streetlamps against the snow gave his tan face a slight silvery glow, glinting against his hazel eyes. His square chin was dusted with stubble that looked to be a few days old, with a faint scar that ran down his cheek. I didn't recognize him, but he wasn't Rae, so I felt a little more at ease. 

The ease was quickly replaced with worry. I don't know this man. He could be anyone. I recognized the jacket as the same as the man from before, otherwise, I hadn't met him before. Just before I could protest or try getting out of his arms, He looked down at me, unable to read his emotion, he began to talk; "Can you walk?" He said, his voice deep and sultry. I stared a moment longer before my face flushed warm, and with a nod, he let me down. I followed behind him, keeping my head down by senses on high alert in case Rae showed up again. "He won't be around here, not now."

I snapped my head to look at him, but he continued walking onwards. Though I raised an eye brow, I didn't say a word. After a few minutes, I opened my mouth to ask where we were going, but before I could say anything, he already had an answer, "We're going to my car. I'm going to escort you back to the station so they can deal with you." Again, he seemed emotionless, almost like he couldn't care less about it. I understand that he doesn't know me, but the fact that this seemed so small to him as to simply dump me somewhere hurt. I didn't know what to say, so simply responding with 'oh', I looked to the floor and continued walking, almost running into his back.

He was stood still. I couldn't tell what he was doing, or where he was looking, but his muscles were tense and his fist clenched so tightly his knuckles were white. He gripped his hair, tugging heavily before dropping his hands to his sides, turning round and lashing out, "What do you mean, 'oh'?! You got yourself in this mess! Why the hell did you go out in the first place? If you knew he was coming for you, why didn't you just leave? Why did you stay behind? What the fuck were you thinking?!"

I felt small, tiny, ground into the snow like another snow flake, forming tears burning the edges of my eyes, blinked a few times to keep them back. "I don't know." I whispered. "I don't know why. I... I never really did think, to be honest. I guess, deep down, I really wanted him to catch me. I've only ever had Stuart in my life to care for me, and now that he's with that Rae guy, I guess nothing really mattered to me anymore. I have no one to care about me anymore, no family." I looked up at his softening face, a stray tear edging down my cheek. "I'd imagine that, if he just took me away, whatever happened to me would be better than being alone anymore, right? Of course he scares me, I don't really want anything bad to happen, but I imagined that him taking me away from here would be better than nothing at all. I mean, he'll kill me right? Slice up my body like in the news, then it will be over with. If not, and he does do what he said..." I sniffed, thinking about our earlier encounter. "I guess I'll actually be of use to someone."

An uncomfortable silence settled between the two of us. I didn't know what I wanted. I felt so alone since what I heard between Stuart and Rae that I couldn't care what happened anymore. He stood up straight, his fists still tight fists. "'Be of use?'" I heard him say, the words detached, as though it pained him to say so. "Do you have any idea what he would do to you?". I turned away, his flushed face and stoic expression sending chills up my spine. Just before I responded though, a thought jumped into my mind.

"Wait, how would you know? In fact, how did you know about what happened before?" I looked at him, rubbing the tear from my cheek. His eyes went wide for a moment, before returning to normal. With a huff, he turned and continued trudging through the snow. I jogged after him, "Hey! You didn't answer my question!"

He turned impatiently and snarled, "And I'm not going to. You don't need to know, other than the fact that this isn't the first time this has happened, and I intend to make it the last. Now keep your mouth shut, and follow me." His sudden likeness to Rae caused me to catch my breath, before nodding. With that, he turned and continued walking, myself silently following behind until we got to the car.

I began to slow down, dragging my feet along the floor, slumping over and frequently yawning. It became nearly impossible for me to even hold my eyes open, never lone walking in a straight line. The last thing I remember of that night was when I saw his hulking figure stop momentarily, before turning and walking over towards me. My eyes finally closed and I fell asleep, falling into his arms once again.

I woke up in a dark room on a leather seat up against the wall. Along this wall, and the one just opposite me were lined and filled completely with books papers, a few miscellaneous objects dotted about the shelves. On the back wall, a large red and gold trimmed drape was hung on the wall, too dark to make out any other details. Just in front of it was a large, probably wooden desk and small lamp, with a seat tucked in neatly just behind it. The desk faced the front-most wall, which had a large double door that was slightly ajar, a golden strip of light between them that stretched along the floor. 

I quietly sat up, the rustling of fabric the only noise in the room. It felt unfamiliar, and I looked down at myself. Instead of my jeans, top and coat that I wore the whilst I was awake, I was in a just my boxers and large white gown that reached just above my knees. I blushed slightly, realizing how small the gown was as I stood up, especially considering how little I was actually wearing. I stretched the hem down as far as I could, before tying it around my waist.

I made my way over to the door, and took a peek into the other room. Half a dozen people, silhouetted against the lamps on the other side of the room. I could hear the murmur of their distant chatter, but not enough to make out any actual words. After a few minutes of nothing different happening, I stood up and started squinting into the dark, wandering over to the desk. I felt around before successfully turning on a desk lamp. Assorted papers were scattered about. Though I knew better than to pry, I couldn't help but read some, especially since one of the top papers had a small picture of my face attached to it. 

I heard some footsteps and a couple raised voices from the other room, and stood there silently for what seemed like hours, before letting out a breath I didn't know I was holding, and continuing reading. My picture was attached to the top corner of the papers with a paperclip, and my personal information listed bellow, followed on the next page with detailed descriptions about my body, social details and everyday life. 

My heart felt heavier as though it trying to burst through my chest with each beat. As I continued reading, it had different details, about other people, but rather than their personal details, it looked like results or a persons profile that you would find in a hospital. It had pictures of different bodies, malformed, discoloured and some that didn't even seem human anymore. 

I felt light headed; was this what was going to happen to me? These 'experiments'? How many people have they done it on? I continued reading, before I recognised one of the pictures. It was of a young woman with black hair and dark brown skin. Her body was torn and sliced extensively until more of her insides were visible than her outside. It made me sick. I covered my mouth and swallowed, trying to keep the bile down. She was one of the resent bodies found, thought to be a victim of the resent sling of murders. Sifting through more, I found more photos of torn, sliced and ravaged bodies, each paper detailing information about condition, often referring back to something called 'subject 02'.

I put the papers down, backing away from the desk, my chest heaving as I fought from being sick and cry. My back pressed into something. I turned to face a broad chest. Without even looking up I I asked the first question that had been reeling in my mind since I woke up; "Where am I?"

I looked up to see his hazel eyes looking at me, for a moment he looked almost endearing, before quickly steeling himself; "That is confidential. As was that paperwork, what do you think you're doing?" I looked up at him, anger quickly boiling inside of me, but I forced myself to speak calmly.

"I want to know, where am I? And what exactly is going to happen to me?" There was a long silence, before I noticed more people coming over from the other room, and I simply stood there, as a man in a white coat came over with a cheery smile. It was warming, seemingly genuine, as he held his arms open walking over to me, before placing them on my shoulders.

"You, my dear boy, will be the master grade of our development!" He said with a big smile. I simply looked at him in disbelief. 

"what?.."

"The master grade is the final stage of our developments, the very best, my dear boy! None will be better than you." I still didn't understand, what developments, the same as this 'subject 02'? How many others are there? 

"What is it? And why me?"

"I'm afraid I cannot tell you until you sign our disclosure agreement to take part, otherwise its all classified. I can tell you, however, is that it will be life changing! We have done this many times before with almost 100% success rate. I can assure you it will all go by quickly and smoothly. As for the later, after our agent bought you in, we needed to do a background check for security purposes and such. After what we've heard from his debriefing, we decided you would be the perfect subject, with your current, rather dire position of course." I stood t here silently, before he quickly continued "I'm sure the whole endeavour sounds rather overwhelming, especially considering you can't really know any of the details until you agree, but the whole situation is under control, and with virtually 100% success rate, it is sure to go on without a hitch."

"What, like subject 02?" I snapped, looking at him. His expression quickly changed as him and the agent looked between each other. "That's who's committing all the murders recently, isn't it? Was he part of your 'development'?"

We simply stared at each other for what seemed like hours, until finally he spoke, this time in a tone much less cheery and more demanding than before, "Young man, this is a very serious business, and if you don't wish to partake in something so ground breaking, we must ask you to be on your leave. Otherwise, you will have to spend the next lengthily period of time under our protective custody until we sort some things out, or you can accept our offer. It is your choice. Otherwise, until then my agent here will handle you."

"Your agent? Does he not have a name?" Again, more silence. This time, I wasn't even given a reply. He simply turned out of the room and left. "I take it that its classified then?" I said, this time talking to the first man. He simply stood there without a response, turning his head away as to not look at me. The whole situation hit me. I'm alone here. At least at the apartment I could go out, had work, I could still talk to people, but here I couldn't even go outside. The anger welling up inside me suddenly burst forth in a flurry of red.

"For... Uh! You know what, fine! If you aren't going to tell me even your name, how am I supposed to trust anything any of you say!? How am I supposed to handle all of this!? Do you know what its like having some psycho coming after you!? DO YOU?" I scream at him through tears. Other than a moment of shock, he seemed unfazed. I huffed to myself before collapsing into a heap on the floor. "Of course you don't."

I simply cried there, not knowing what to do. The other man scooped me up and hugged me, sitting me in his lap as he gently rocked, slowly rubbing my back and murmuring apologies. After a few minutes, my crying died down and I simply sat in his lap with my head against his warm chest, feeling it gently rise and fall against my cheek. "Are you OK?" He said, thought this time, he sounded much more caring, almost like he was concerned for me. I looked at him and found his hazel eyes again staring back at me, and after a brief moment, I turned away and smiled, pulling myself off his lap, his grip momentarily tightening as I moved around before letting me go.

I stood in front of him, staring down at my feet, not really thinking about anything in particular. "Thank you." I said quietly, before turning towards the door and walking out, leaving him on the seat on his own. I pulled on the door, taking one last peek into the room, seeing him clenching his fists into tight balls on his legs again. I sighed inwardly, and pulled the door closed.

In the room were a couple men and women in suits as well as the man from before talking quietly amongst themselves, having either not seen me, or just ignoring me. I took in a deep breath, and avoiding eye contact, I walked over to the man in the white coat. I cleared my throat to get his attention, and he looked at me, a small smile playing on his lips, before excusing himself from his conversation and we walked over to a quiet corner of the room.

"What's the catch?" I said bluntly.

"Catch? My dear boy, there is no c-"

"Don't lie to me." I looked at him, unamused. I wasn't in the mood for games. I wanted the details, and I wanted them now without any fuss. He simply looked at me before talking.

"You will have to work for my superior, much like my client." he said simply.

"Will I have to do the same thing?" I couldn't help the twinge of fear in my voice, thinking about having to face more people like Rae

"No, no of course not. Its much too dangerous for you, right now at least." he say, a smile edging his lips.

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"what I mean" he started, "Is everything is complete and you have made a full recovery, you will not only be safe, but you will be untouchable in such a situation." He said, his smile widening.

I still don't know what it means, but I could only imagine that it was a body augmentation of sorts, and that this 'master grade' was putting a bunch of different augmentations into one super upgrade or something. It scared me, knowing that that sort of thing would probably be what he was talking about, but with it, at least I wouldn't have to worry about Rae anymore, I would be safe. I mean, he said himself. Right?

I stood there for a minute thinking it all over before he asked again, "So, will you sign the contract?"

"No." I turned around to the ever growing familiar voice of the agent, walking over, the other people quickly moving out of his way, his eyes dead set and burying themselves onto the doctor. He simply stared back, anger quickly spreading over his own face. Tension between them grew to the point of which I could practically see the sparks between them as he drew closer. The anger slowly melted away into fear as the huge man towered over the doctor, who quickly turned away, clearing his throat and the Agent smiling slightly. 

I felt small, and not just because the agent was once again looming behind me and the doctor, also taller, was staring at him in front of me. After witnessing the intensity the two silently compared just a moment ago, it took a lot of will power to stop from whimpering and walking away. "This is not your opinion it is his decision to make."

"and he has made it. No, and that is final." I looked up at him quizzically, him still staring maliciously at the doctor. I turned back to the doctor who looked down at me. I stepped to the side, not wanting to be between the two of them, and quickly decided. "Give me some time to think. In the mean time, you said something about protected custody or whatever?"

"Yes." He responded "You will be put into a protected out station and housed with one of our security officers for your protection." He looked out the corner of his eye to the leering agent. "As of now you will be stationed with Agent Makarov. He wi-" He was quickly cut off with guttural growling. We both looked stunned at the Agent still standing uncomfortably close to me. The doctor pulled out a small device that reminded me of a pager, and pressed a couple of buttons. A moment later, a woman came through a door on the opposite side of the room, walking over to us quickly.

She wore a black pencil skirt with matching blazer and heels, and a crisp white shirt underneath. Her slender face was framed with red-rim glasses and silvery hair that was kept up in a neat bun. A sense of authority seemed to emanate from her, and I couldn't help but stare as she came over to us. "You paged, Doctor Lane?"

"Yes, thank you Lindsey. Would you be so kind as to escort Mr Buvelle to sanction E please."

She simply nodded her head, and with a smile, held her hand out to me. I looked between her, Doctor Lane, and the Agent, who was scolding so much his face was turning red, before turning back to the lady and taking her hand. As we walked off, I heard the doctor talking to the Agent, "What was that Chris?"

"The hell you mean?! Under Makarov's custody?! Are you insane!?"

"Of course not. I know exactly what I am doing."

"Sure you do! You and I both know that he'll be ten times safer with me. Even if that wasn't the case, You know exactly what would happen if Makarov got 5 seconds with him!"

"What in heavens do you mean?" I heard the doctor reply sarcastically.

I could hear the anger in his voice, but I didn't turn around or slow down to hear the rest. I was already dreading the situation, and I hadn't even left the room yet. As we walked through, I caught curious glances from the others in the room, some of them talking quietly so I couldn't hear. I could tell they were about me, but I didn't know what, or even who these people were. It irked me to no end knowing these strangers were judging me, but there was nothing I could do, but shy away from their glances as best I could. 

When we left the room, Lindsey let go of my hand, and we slowed down, me walking down the corridor just beside her. "There's no reason to be concerned." She said soothingly. I looked at her and she had another small smile. Despite her official appearance, she seemed much more informal, almost motherly for the situation. I took some comfort in that fact, and took a deep breath.

"The doctor is a the best in his field, so you shouldn't have a doubt in your mind about that." We continued on in silence, the clop of her heels against the laminated flooring the only sound echoing down the empty corridor. "What's the problem? You seem tense."

I forced myself to relax. "I... I just don't know what I've gotten myself into. Like, tell me a week ago that I would be put into protective custody of some weird corporation - that I still know nothing about, might I add - and being subjected to some sort of test."

She chuckled quietly, "I see your point, but just so you know, it isn't a test."

"It's an augmentation?"

"mhm." She smiled with a small nod. It didn't make me feel any better. At least now I knew what it was, I guess. A few minutes passed, twisting through a few corridors, walking past a few people in suits or lab coats. We eventually turned off into a garage of sorts and we both got into the back of a lavish Rolls Royce, before driving off. 
