 'What am I doing here?' I thought as I looked around the room. Three middle aged men standing in front of me with their cocks hanging out were the least disgusting thing about this place. A seedy joint on the best of days, Bush River Adult Books And Video was a sleazy bookstore with an even sleazier theater in the back. Four rooms, two per side, connected by a central hallway constantly showed low end porn on 55 inch projection televisions that were fighting for life, but losing the battle. The two rooms on the left showed gay porn exclusively and the two on the right showed straight porn.

I was in the furthest room on the left, which further specialized in TS/TG and other fetishes. Right then, a hot tranny was banging a young studs ass as I was on my knees on carpet that was probably covered with years of cum stains with three men, the youngest of which was in his forties, fighting to get my mouth on their cock as I went from cock to cock. They were all so small and barely hard that they were not interesting and the guys were not in the remotest attractive. Several other men stood in a circle around us, some jerking off as they watched and others stroking their cocks through their pants.

But, as soon as another cock was shoved in my mouth, I couldn't help myself. I started sucking it with abandon while stroking any that appeared in my hands. When another forced its way to my mouth, I simply switched. Any cock would do. A guy moved forward and grabbed my head and shoved his balls in my face and told me to suck his balls.

"No", i muttered as he shoved them in my face and I obediently began to suck his balls, taking them in my mouth and nursing them between my teeth. I worked my way down them and then behind them and suddenly, I was lost. I saw his asshole, and I dove for it. I had never done that before, but I had never done most of this before.

I licked his asshole, and tried to fuck it with my extended tongue. I kissed it and sucked it and tried to fuck it with my tongue until my head was moved elsewhere. The guy moaned as I took his cock in my mouth and he placed his hand on top of my head. I reached up and moved his hand to the back of my head and used it to force my head down further on his cock. When I moved my hand away, so did he. I took it again, and again forced my head down on his cock, and this time he got the hint.

He shoved my head down on his cock, which was not big enough to be a challenge, and kept thrusting deep enough that his plentiful abdomen was plastered against my face and I couldn't breath because my mouth was full and my nose plugged by his pendulous gut. But, he grunted and thrust.

"I'm getting ready to cum" he said as he took his hands away. So, I pressed my face into his gut further, and slightly pumped his cock with my throat until I felt his cock spasm as he shot his load down my waiting throat.

He zipped up and walked away, but was immediately replaced by another. This guy was aggressive. He immediately shoved me down on his cock, which was a bit bigger than anyone before, and held me there. I stayed until I was desperate for air, and I backed off and gulped in a great breath.

"You wanna play with the big boys, right?" he said as he shoved me back down on his cock without waiting for me to be ready. His cock paused at the back of my throat, and I felt as if my throat was shouting NO, but he kept the pressure up and I felt my throat concede reluctantly as his cock slid down deep. He pumped my throat deeply, but only a little bit, never leaving me empty...never letting my throat relax. I was feeling lightheaded, as if about to pass out when he let me up for a moment.

When I took in my one gulp of air, he held a bottle of Rush under my nose and told me to breathe it in. I did, and almost immediately I had that flushed, dizzy euphoric feeling that comes with the total abandonment of constraint.

I attacked his cock and, with my throat now seeming much more compliant, I took him deep over and over until I felt his start to spasm. He didn't pull out, but rather pushed to the hilt, burying himself in me and pumping his load.

I had noticed a black guy watching, and I had hoped he would join in, but he had not. But, there he was. His cock was the largest of the group, although still not huge. He placed his cock in front of my lips, but before I could take it in, he reached down and put his head behind my head and, before I could get to NO, NOT THAT that was forming in my mind out of my mouth, he pressed his lips against mine and started to kiss me. I felt his tongue exploring my lips, trying to gain entrance. All resistance was gone. I opened up and let him in, returning his kisses with passion as our tongues met. Another first.

Then, he was gone and his cock was in my mouth. I tried, but could not deep throat his large cock. But I tried. Over and over I tried. Finally, I gave up and let him fuck my face while I tried to suck all the cum out of him. My hands were still stroking cocks around me, but that had been sporadic as I had been concentrating on working my mouth and throat. When he came, it was in my mouth and I could taste it. At first, I recoiled, but then started to slurp the end of his cock, looking for all the cum I could find.

Then he was gone. And so was the circle. As it broke up, most of the onlookers turned and left the room.

In total, I had swallowed six loads of cum. I had to get four more. I stood and started to peruse the other rooms. There was a guy standing right at the entrance to the other door on the left. I went inside and sat in the first chair, about two feet from where his hand was massaging his cock through his pants. I stared at his cock for a moment. Then looked up at his face and immediately back at his cock.

He started to stroke harder. I kept staring. 

Finally he reached for his zipper, and pulled out a decent sized, uncut cock. Another first.

Without hesitation, I went down on it. Sucking with my mouth and stroking with my hand, I worked his cock for my ultimate goal. I wanted a load of cum. When I felt him ready to cum, I took him deep in my throat and let him shoot it down into me. I was beginning to love the feeling of a pulsing cock deep in my throat.

I had no further luck in the theaters. But, I still needed three more loads. I went to the booths and got ten dollars worth of change. I went to a booth in the back that I knew had a glory hole. There was someone in the adjacent booth, so I quickly rubbed a finger along the lower edge of the hole. His cock was through instantly.

As if it were a job, I sucked his cock until I tasted his load.

He left. 

Shortly the room was occupied again and then again. 

I had it. I had swallowed ten loads that day. The magic marker stripe on the back of my hand was proof that I had been there, so I left with my mission for the day achieved.

I was off, and Heather worked that day. She had asked what I was going to do while she worked and I had been noncommittal.

"I want you to go to Bush River and suck cock" she had said.

"Nah" I said. I had sucked cock before, but always WITH her. Or FOR her. But not without her. 

"Not without you" I said.

"If you don't go to Bush River and swallow ten loads, I'll get Rob to take me out tonight and he will fuck me. You will be left alone. And you can't jerk off." She was taking control.

I was not enthusiastic, but I had been trying to get her to assume a dominant position for a while now, and this was her first time really doing it.

"OK" I had said.

When she got home from work, I had dinner waiting. We sat on the sofa in front of the television and watched TV and killed a little time.

When we were both finished, she turned to me and said "So, did you do it?"

Uh-huh" I said showing her the mark on the back of my hand.

"Really?" she said with an evil grin. "YOU were a whore today weren't you?"

"Yeah" I conceded.

"Tell me about it" she said as she reached for my zipper.

I started with my drive to Bush River and how nervous I was about it. She had pulled my cock out and was slowly stroking it while listening intently.

When I got to the part where I got on my knees in the middle of the room, she climbed on top of me and lowered herself onto my cock. I could feel her tight pussy was flowing as she slowly let me enter her. Slowly. Deeply. Then back up slowly. Her lips were touching mine as I spoke and she worked up and down on my pounding cock. I told her about one guy who had a very small cock and smelled bad.

"But, you sucked it anyway, didn't you?" she whispered, nearly touching my lips.

"Yes" I whispered a breathy reply.

"Tell me what he looked like" she demanded.

I described him as she continued riding my cock.

When I got to the guy who had forced his cock down my throat, she started to arc her butt and tighten her pussy muscles as she lifted off me. It felt as if a warm oiled hand were squeezing my cock. 

"You like being a whore, don't you?" she turned my own questions to her against me.

"Yes" I replied.

"You like cock, don't you?" she continued to push.

"Yes" I said, lowering my head.

"You like cock more than pussy" she said as she was getting into it even more.

"No." I was appalled.

"Yes" she insisted.

"No" I repeated.

She stopped her motion on my cock. Her voice got deeper and more forceful.

"You like cock more than pussy, don't you?"

"Yes" I said and she started again. But, now she rode with a purpose. She was ready to cum, and she started to ride hard.

"FUCK ME" she grunted.

I pounded her for all I was worth. She came with an orgasm rivaling any I had ever seen, and I had seen a lot. She loved sex. And she always came.

When she did, she collapsed and started to stroke my cock with her hand.

"Are you ready to cum?" she asked.

"Yes" I replied.

She took my cock in her mouth and slowly, sensually sucked it until I came and she swallowed my cum.

She rolled over and lay with her head on my lap as we continued watching television.

She had a contented smile on her face.