 My new job kept me flat out busy for the next few weeks, although I did make time to go back and have a repeat with Franco on one of my days off. The rest of the time I spent settling into my new apartment and trying to make it look like a home. The few meagre possessions I brought with me got lost in the new surroundings and I made a vow to visit one of the many markets in the area to buy some new things. I started going to the gym and working out on my way home and was building up nicely. I'd always been athletic, but I'd wanted to bulk up for some time. I even got a couple of tattoos; one of an Irish shamrock on my chest to honour my Mom's heritage and my name on my left forearm in Old English lettering.

I didn't see much of Dan the regional manager at the store, but he checked in by phone to see how I was getting on. One of the girls who worked with me had made it clear she thought I was hot, but I didn't have the heart to tell her I liked guys. She flirted with me at every possible opportunity and I swear her skirts were getting shorter by the day. I just smiled to myself, thinking if only she knew what I really got up to.

I had a few days off together, which was rare, so I debated going out for some air and to enjoy the day, before deciding to go for a hike into the hills and redwoods surrounding the city. I packed a bag and set off in the early morning, thinking I would get there before lunch. The sun was beating down and I felt at peace with my life, knowing it had been the best decision to move here. I had to stop a few times to take a drink from my flask, as it was hilly all the way up into the forest and I was working up a bit of a sweat.

As I got into the woods, I sat for a spell, taking in the sights and sounds. It seemed deserted, although I could hear some noise coming from a small copse behind me. With all the fluid I'd taken on board, I suddenly realised I needed to pee, so I headed up to where the sounds were coming from and it looked dense with bush, so I wouldn't be seen. 

I unzipped and started to piss, grateful for the relief. The noises were slightly louder now and, when I'd shook off, I crept forward to see what it was. As I pushed through the bush, I came to a clearing and saw two guys up against a tree, one fucking the other up the ass. The top was slightly older with a shaved head and he had his shorts down around his ankles, his muscular butt clenching and unclenching with each thrust up the other guy's ass. He had a white T-shirt on and had his hands on the hips of the guy he was screwing. The bottom was younger and had a blue sports-vest on and was wearing a cap, the bill pointed backwards. He was jerking himself off as the top slammed his meat up his butthole. 

"Take my cock, you fucking faggot bitch," the top grunted, really pounding his cock home.

The bottom fell forward, arms outstretched to grab the log that was lying on the ground before him. In this position, his ass was opened further, and I could hear the slap of skin against skin.

I was groping myself through my shorts at this illicit sight, really enjoying the show being put on in front of me. I wanted to remain undiscovered, just so I could watch these two guys fucking with total abandon, unaware they had an audience. As I watched, the top withdrew his cock and, still hard, proceeded to piss all over the ass and back of the younger lad, his fluid running in between the exposed butt cheeks and down his legs, soaking his pants and sneakers. When the flow slowed, the top rammed his cock back into the lubricated asshole and began to fuck him again.

I had taken myself in hand now, really turned on by what I was seeing. I let my shorts drop to the floor and stepped out of them, standing there and leaning against a nearby tree, jerking off in my hiking boots and t-shirt. 

The fucking continued, with the top picking up pace and grunting, slapping the ass he was riding so beautifully. He eventually pulled out and shot a huge amount of spunk over the back and ass of the other guy, it running off his skin, mixed in with the piss from earlier. The younger guy spun around and cleaned the remaining jism from the end of the cock that had been up his butt, looking up adoringly into the face of the top as he polished the helmet dry.

The top pulled up his shorts and walked away through the woods, not looking back. The younger guy sat on the log, pants still around his ankles and began to jerk himself slowly, his fingers travelling to his butthole, inserting one to the knuckle and frigging himself with some urgency. I decided to make my presence known and stepped out from my hiding place, my cock bouncing in front of me and leading the way.

The young guy looked up and a smile spread across his face. "You just watch me get fucked?" he asked.

"Yeah, looked like you were really enjoying it, too," I replied.

He looked at my erection. "Looks like you did, too."

I nodded and made my approach. "Seems he really fucked you good."

"He did, but I could always do with some more," the lad said, getting up and turning around, exposing his butt to me.

I needed no further encouragement and I plunged my dick balls deep into his open hole and he gasped. I rocked back and forth, feeling myself slide in and out of his sloppy cunt and he moaned his appreciation. I really used his ass, pounding him hard, my nuts slapping against him. He continually jerked himself until his cock spewed a massive creamy load over the forest floor. I pulled out and brought myself to an orgasm, my jism decorating his upturned ass and running down the crack of his butt.

"Fuck, that was hot," I said, when I got my breath back.

The guy dressed himself and kissed me on the lips, before heading away. I returned to the bushes to collect my discarded shorts and made my way home, glad I had decided to get some fresh air after all.