 Sorry about the wait, I've been a little busy recently. Thank you for the patience, and I hope you enjoy.

*****

The picturesque gardens, ornate hand carvings in the delicate brick work, each lain perfectly with each other to tessellate and coordinate with each other to near perfection. I hadn't heard of Varien Estate before, but I sure as hell wouldn't be forgetting it any time soon. I was taken from my stupor by a small figure at the entrance. A person, about my height jumping up and down, waving their hands around frantically like a lunatic, and from the distant cries, I could only imagine them calling out to us at the car.

Though slightly puzzled over the random excitement to small man was showing, I followed Lindsey over to him, as he then leapt down the steps and ran full speed at us. As he quickly approached, I braced myself for the oncoming impact and shower of pebbles as he would slide to a stop just before us, but when nothing happened, I opened my eyes to see him having stopped and just staring wide eyed at me with a huge grin on his face. 

I blushed at the attention, and turned away, before his grin grew ever wider and he started giggling like a child with a new toy "Ooh! Are you Mr Buvelle? Are you? Are you? Are you?" He quickly asked, brimming on the edge of exploding with excitement apparently. I looked at him for a moment before nodding. My response didn't help, and he started jumping around and spinning about on the spot like an excited puppy. 

A few moments later, he stopped bounding around, and reached a hand forward, standing still and proper, but still a huge grin on his face. "Nice to meet you! The name's Viktor, but you can call me Vick" he said with a little wink. I was shocked, not knowing how to respond.

"Viktor? As in, Viktor Makarov?" When he nodded in response, I was even more confused. I must have shown it in my expression, that and not actually taking his hand as quickly as he had hoped, because he dropped his hand.

Lindsey walked past us and into the estate, talking to someone else on a phone, and meeting up with someone in a similar uniform to hers at the entrance. I imagined Vick as a much bigger and scarier looking person, like Chris or Rae, but he wasn't much different from me, his short blonde tousled hair and green eyes seemed to gleam whenever he looked at me, glimmering with interest and intent. He looked much friendlier than I had anticipated, and felt that, other than his bubbly and hyperactive nature he seemed to show so evidently, he probably wasn't as bad as they made out.

"I guess you heard of me, are you surprised?" He seemed slightly calmer, though still had his big smile.

"Well, after things I overheard, I imagined someone, more... Well..."

"More?" He finished, still smiling at me. I nodded looking to one side, slightly ashamed of jumping to conclusions. He giggled to himself; "Well I can BE more if you want." I looked at him quizzically, before seeing him puffing out his cheeks and pushing out his chest to be as big as possible. We both laughed at the act and he simply smiled again at my show of ease around him. I put my hand out and gave him a warm smile, and he gleefully took it, shacking vigorously with a surprisingly tight grip. After a few moments, when normally we would have let go, he didn't. "Uh, can I have my hand back please?" He simply stood motionless, before giving me a crooked smile that sent a chill up my spine. 

"This is going to be so much fun." He said, this time in a much deeper, almost sadistic tone. I was instantly scared and tried tugging my hand away, but to no avail. He giggled to himself before pulling me along the gravel path and up the stairs. Though his grip wasn't tight, nor did it hurt, it was still vice-like, and it made me feel incredibly uncomfortable being held and pulled along like that. I continuously asked for him to let go of me, but he never let up, pulling me into the estate, and into the main entrance hall. The marble floors gleamed as white pillars reached up into the ceiling high above our heads, a large glass dome refracting the light every which way and through different colored panes resulting in a gorgeous array of oranges, reds and blues that shone faintly across the tiled floor. 

Large red banners with golden trims, much like the one I saw in the dark office a little over half an hour ago, only the inside had a beautifully intricate crest; A tribal design of what looked like the head of a lion facing the right, with a wreath that curled round from underneath it like a 'U'. I hadn't seen anything like it before and it was magnificent. I noticed then that Vick had let go of my hand and was once again staring at me intently with a huge smile. "That's the company insignia."

"Company? You mean the one that had me brought here?" I asked, looking down at him momentarily, before continuing to look around the hall, spinning about on the spot and trying to take it all in.

"Yup, Serion. Considering you're here, I thought you would have understood the details."

I looked at him, him looking at me with a raised eyebrow, quickly turning to shock when I shook my head. "You don't?!" I shook my head again with a shrug, looking back at him. He beckoned me into another, this time smaller room. Its red walls and near black carpets matched the golden hues of a gentle fire going in the fireplace. He sat on one chair and nodded over to the other as I sat down on it.

"Right. First things first, I don't really care what they've said, Ima tell you, I mean, how can you make such a decision when they wont tell you anything? Are they retarded? That's a yes, but you didn't hear that from me." I giggled slightly at the comment, before he continued. "Ok. Serion Is a big government funded company that focuses in the development in human and trans human genetics. You get me?" I nodded and he continued in response; "OK, well, they recently started running tests on developing trans human qualities via bio engineering normal humans with certain traits, i.e., intelligence, strength, agility, you get the idea." 

I looked at him, listening intently, "Well, they recently had a bit of a break through in the early developmental and compatibility stages of their experiments, and decided to finally run human trials." I continued listening, nodding slightly as I listened to the story, slightly scared and a little awe0struck, "They have been successful, and now with multiple subjects successfully attaining trans human characteristics, its time to move onto the final stage of the program."

"Wait, what do you mean by the final stage?" I asked, leaning closer to him as he continued explaining.

"Well, so far, they have only adjusted specific characteristics to the subjects, and now, after further testing, they believe that they can create a modular trans human, a 'complete' subject. A super human, if you will. Where previous subjects, myself included." He said, gesturing a hand to his chest. "were only augmented with no more than a couple different characteristics, they believe they have finally reached the final stages, and can implicate more, including greatly improving the subjects senses, stimulating dormant neurological centers of the brain, and all that science-y stuff, creating a kind of superhuman." 

I began to panic. "Why on earth would they want to do that? I mean, wouldn't they just get out of hand?"

"I don't know, would you go berserk?" I looked at him momentarily, before remembering what Dr Lane had said to me previously, about how he was going to be able to make me better, and that all I needed to do was sign his contract. He leaned back in his chair as I came to the realization.

"I don't imagine that will be happening too soon though, they want to finish their trials before moving onto humans."

"You mean to tell me they haven't even successfully done so yet?!" I looked at him, nose flaring and my cheeks feeling flushed as I began to boil with anger.

"Of course they have, but... Well..." He turned away, going quiet.

"He got away." I finished. He looked at me quizzically, but before he could ask how I knew, I answered. "Well, for one, that kind of thing is to be expected, I mean, if anything goes wrong like that in the movies, the subject escapes, wrecks havoc on an unsuspecting populous, before finally being captured and detained again, or killed. That and the fact that I think I've met them."

"Wait, you met subject 02?" He looked at me astonished.

"Well, I don't know really, either way, I don't like the idea of this 'subject 02' being out and about, but I feel like the guy I met most certainly fits the bill." I said in response, shuddering at the memory. "Wait, does this mean I have to take part?" I said, feeling more worried about the whole 'experiment' they wanted me to take part in.

Vick opened his mouth to answer, but closed it, and with a stern scowl, he looked behind me. "And what are you doing here?" I turned around to find Chris walking towards us. I shrunk a little in my chair at his imposing figure and almost angry leer. Vick got up and met him half way and for a moment they both just stared at each other, before talking quietly between them. Though Christ has a head or so taller than him, Vick still stood his ground.

The silence between them was broken when my stomach growled. I hadn't eaten in a few hours and only just realized how hungry I was. They both looked at me and Chris' face softened. Before anyone could say anything though, Vick was already next to me and pulling me out of my seat. "Aww, honey, you should have said you were hungry! Come on!" With that, he was pulling me out my seat and exiting the room, looking shyly at Chris as he watched me pass him, his face sour, almost angry still.

"What was that all about?" Vick turned to look at me, walking backwards, continuing to drag me by my wrists, though he had slowed down now. He had a big smile plastered on his face still which quickly disappeared when he looked behind me to see Chris following closely behind, keeping an eye on us.

"Nothing overly important, just-"

"Business." Chris finished, eying Vick. He bit his lower lip teasingly and Chris blushed. I was greatly confused about the both of them, but didn't say anything. Vick let go of my wrists and I continued following behind them, though I walked slower through the halls as they created distance, once again talking about something they probably didn't want me to hear. Was it all true then? Was I going to be part of some experiment? And when talking about these, 'augmentations', he said that he was part of it, is he another subject? Perhaps one from an earlier experiment?

All sorts of questions were running through my mind, and before long, I realized I had stopped walking, and the other two were a small distance ahead, looking back at me. I blushed and jogged up to them, keeping my eyes downcast. We continued walking until we got to the kitchen. With gleaming tiles lining the walls and floor, polished granite worktops and an inset stove in the island in the middle of the room, it was like a dream kitchen from one of those TV adverts. 

Cupboards and shelves lined the walls with assorted tools, ingredients and dishes, a couple draws with the cutlery, and a large fridge-freezer to one side. Finally, there was a small doorway that lead through to the pantry. "With all the glass doors and everything, you can probably guess where everything is, otherwise the rest of the food is through that door, in the pantry. Just choose whatever you would like, we still need to talk." I turned to Chris' gruff voice looking at Vick out the corner of his eye who seemed to smile back at him.

Between Vick always smiling and Chris' insistent tone, I couldn't really tell anything about either of them. I looked at him for a moment longer before nodding. I needed time to think, and perhaps being alone right now would be a good thing. It's not exactly like either of them would be able to help me in this situation, not unless they could tell me more about this whole procedure. 

I sighed and walked off to the pantry as they left the room. I took out a couple things and began cracking a couple eggs to make some omelettes. I remember when I was younger, and Stuart first showed me how to make omelets. I followed along with his instructions as I remembered them, slicing up mushroom, cutting ham into small squares, grating some cheese and flipping it all over carefully. I got three plates and carefully dished an omelet onto each of them, before putting them all on a tray with a couple other things and walking out with it all.

The cheesy smell wafted through the air as I walked down the corridor and by the time I returned to the living area where the other two where I was all but drooling over them. I stopped dead in the doorway and simply listened to them as I heard them talking.

"Well you're just going to have to deal with it! Besides, it's not my choice!" Vick's voice was shrill, almost frantic, like he was defending himself.

"I never said it was." Chris' own voice deeper and restrained, spat through gritted teeth.

"Besides, what's it to you? Its not like you own him. I don't see why its a problem, he doesn't have much a choice anymore anyway."

Chris' body went tense for a moment before his nose lifted to the air and a slight smile momentarily played his lips. I shuffled forward quietly and his face instantly steeled, looking directly at me. I blushed again and looked at the floor just ahead of me, putting the tray on the table between the two of them. My eyes began to prick with tears. I don't have a choice? Is that why I was brought here?

Chris clenched his fists against his leg. I put his omelet in front of him, before taking mine and the tray back, turning to leave the room again, not wanting them to see me like this, I didn't want them to know I heard them talking. "Hey, Ashley, Why don't you sit down with us?"

I put the plate on the table and rubbed my eyes before responding; "N-no, I'm fine thank you. I will just... I..." I paused for a moment, took a deep breath and faced them both. "I'm fine. I'll just go find out where Lindsey is. I need to talk to her about a few things." I said with a weak smile and turned around. I walked normally, making sure to try act normal, before it turned into a into a run through the estate, myself in one, leaping up the stairs, crashing into the first room I came across and closed the door, falling to the floor with my back against the dark oak door.

I felt so alone, with nothing to really go back to, I was now in a random house with random people, and stuck in an undesirable situation, to say the least. I had quietened down, but i still sat there, hugging my knees to my chest with my head against them, rocking gently, when I heard a knock at the door behind me.

"Ashley, can I come in?" I heard Chris on the other side of the door. I was surprised, was he worried about me? He seemed so inapproachable that I didn't really care what he thought of me. I got up and, after whipping my eyes again, I opened the door to him, a mug in each hand. He looked me up and down before smiling gently. I opened the door wider and let him in.

He came in and handed me a mug before taking a seat at a small table set against the wall. I walked over and sat just opposite him. We both sat there silently for a little while, sipping on my coffee quietly every now and then, noticing him watching me over his own drink. I didn't understand the sudden pique in interest, but he never said anything. 

"Thank you." I said quietly. I didn't want to look up at him. I felt childish, running off and crying to myself like that, I should have just gone to talk to Lindsey like I said.

"You should have, Lindsey needs to talk to you and Makarov is throwing a fit trying to find you, haven't you heard him calling?" I looked at him completely dumbfounded, had I said that aloud? Did he just guess? He opened his mouth to say something, quick shut it again and got up. "When you're ready, Lindsey would like a word in her office."

"Is it about what Vick was talking about earlier?" He simply looked at me, expressionless and unreadable as always. Silently sighing to myself, I simply look down at my coffee, my reflection dark and wavering, rippling as i tapped the side of the mug lightly. "I'll be there in a moment."

With that, he turned and quietly left the room, the door clicking quietly behind him. I sat there in silence for a few minutes, before getting up to find a bedroom to sleep in. A few minutes of knocking and looking into different rooms, I found a fairly small one on the first floor. The large queen sized bed had silky red bed sheets, decorated with black and silver spirals that ran along the bottom of the quilt and pillow cases, matched with the dark wood bed frame.

I opened a dresser beside the window, looking for something else to wear. I took out a large blue t-shirt that hung baggily on my shoulders, the hem ending half way up my thighs. I took everything else off, leaving me in the t-shirt and boxers. I folded up my clothes, put them on the dresser and made my way over to the bed. I didn't take the time to appreciate the rest of the room, flopping onto the bed first and, with my face buried in the pillows, I quickly got comfortable and fell asleep. 

The afternoon sun slowly set, giving way to the rising moon that shone brightly with the stars. I woke up at some point in the middle of the night, bleary eyed and yawning. I was about to settle back to sleep when an elegant whisper of a tune reached my ears. I sat silently, listening to the different notes as the weaved themselves into a wonderful melody. I slowly got up, and followed my ears to the source of the strangely familiar sound, the only thing I could hear other than the quiet patter of my bare feet against the wood paneling. 

I held onto the stairs' banister, making my way back into the main hall. The music was slightly louder now, and I could hear the notes with more clarity. I made my way into the main living area, where Vick had first taken me. It was empty, and the curtains drawn, the soft melody lingering quietly in the air. I looked across the room to see Chris sat at the piano in the corner. As he continued, I found myself captivated by the alluring harmonies. The sleek black of the piano shone with a silver rim from the moonlight bleeding into the room through one of the curtains.

Chris himself was captivating. His large form given a brilliant halo of white, the crescent moon settling behind his head through a fine line between the curtains, whilst at the same time, his body and the piano barely illuminated. The picture was perfect in every way and I could have stared at him playing the piano all night, but it wasn't to last.

"I'm sorry, did I wake you?" I heard. I was pulled from my stupor by his voice, followed by the light scrape from the piano stool being pushed back. He got up and walked over to the window, pulling the curtains closed.

"N-no. That was beautiful, how long have you been playing?" I asked, walking from the doorway to the soft seat in front of the fireplace, him seating himself on the other side after lighting the fireplace.

"A few years now. I'm glad you liked it." He said quietly, a small smile playing his lips. We sat there silently for a second, moving myself to the carpet just in front of the fireplace and turning round to face him so I could see him better. "Do you play?"

"Play what? The piano?" He nodded, leaning his arms onto his knees and his hands clasped together, simply staring. I adjusted the t-shirt over my folded knees and put my hands in my lap. "Well, no. I've always wanted to, and I tried for a little bit, but there is no way I could do that in a million years." I said with a slight chuckle. "You must have had a lot of practice."
