 Eric had never really appreciated the attention his girlfriends paid to their grooming until he went in for his first waxing. He'd never thought about his own body hair or how much of a pain it would be to remove it until he'd started sleeping with Mike, and now he understood just how much time and effort it took to stay smooth and hairless.

He admired his bare ass in the mirror and nodded with approval. He didn't like the feeling of lube in his public hair, so he had his entire lower half stripped clean. It hurt like a motherfucker to have it done, but the results were much better than shaving. He couldn't wait to show Mike and see the reaction it elicited from him.

He got dressed quickly in a pair of tight fitting jeans and a blue button-down. A spritz of cologne and one more look in the mirror, and he was off to meet Mike. There was some kind of charity event tonight, and Mike had asked him to come.

It was an odd situation. They weren't really dating or anything. Eric would go over to Mike's for a hockey game on TV and inevitably, Eric would end up on his hands and knees with Mike's cock up his ass. While he didn't mind the sex - the incredible, exhausting, orgasmic sex with his Adonis-like friend - it often left him feeling confused and uncertain. He'd never been in such a casual relationship before, if he could even call it that. He still liked women as far as he could tell, but he craved Mike's cock and his hot, sticky cum. Hell, they were just going to this charity event as friends, but Eric was acting like it was a date. Were they dating, or just fuck buddies? Both?

By the time he arrived at the event, Eric's thoughts were racing. He sat outside the rec center and tapped his fingers on the steering wheel while he got himself in order. No one knew he and Mike were doing it. They'd been friends for years, and it wasn't like they were holding hands or anything. This was just a casual invite. If he ended up back at Mike's place later, naked and sweaty, that would be completely separate from this. Though, just thinking about Mike's cock filling him up or spraying him with cum was making him hard and blurring the lines.

After a while, he shook his head and laughed. It wasn't like people could tell they were having sex, and even if they could, who would care? He was being paranoid for no reason.

The rec center looked pretty good, dressed up with all sorts of decorations. The signs said it was a benefit for the health clinic attached to the rec center, which made sense. Mike hadn't given him any real details about the event, but he worked for the hospital that set up the clinic. Eric got his name tag and went looking for Mike.

He found him in the gym. There were round, counter height tables spread out through the room and a band at the far end playing something popish and danceable. Mike was standing at one of those tables with two other guys that Eric didn't recognize. They were both a little older than him and Mike, early 40s most likely. One was thin and blonde, the other muscular and chocolate brown.

"Hey, sorry I'm late," said Eric as he approached.

Mike gave him a friendly clap on the back and a big smile. "No worries! This is Eric. Eric, John and Terence. They're both doctors here at the clinic."

Thin, blonde John waved from across the table. Terence reached out a dark, muscular arm to shake Eric's hand.

"It's nice to meet you," said Terence.

"Likewise," said Eric.

The band started up with a louder song than before, making conversation unsustainable, so Mike waved him on and they went to grab drinks. They got a pair of beers from the pretty, young bartender and left a nice tip in her jar.

Mike leaned in, ostensibly so Eric could hear him over the band, but also so he could take a quick squeeze of Eric's ass. "I'm glad you could make it. Not sure why they're trying to blow our ears out."

Eric did his best not to respond to Mike's groping, but he could feel his dick growing hard again. "They probably don't realize how much this place echoes."

Mike nodded. "Probably. I've got to go meet some people and glad hand for a few, why don't you hang with John and Terence for a while? I'll be back soon and we can head over to my place, if you want."

Eric frowned, but he nodded. He thought he was coming here to see Mike, not get passed off like some charity case. But then again, it wasn't like this was a date or anything, right? He was reading too much into it. They were just hanging out. There would be time later for him and Mike, time when Mike could appreciate the careful grooming he'd undergone.

Mike stepped away with another quick pass at Eric's jeans, brushing over his crotch. Eric bit his lip by reflex and watched as Mike sauntered off to shake hands with an older man and his wife. Then he went back to the round table.

Terence and John were quiet through the overloud song, and Eric kept looking back at Mike as he wove his way through the crowd of people towards the entryway. Apparently, he didn't need to be heard to work his charm on people as he passed.

When the song ended, John turned to him with a polite smile. "So, Eric, what do you do?"

"I'm a software engineer."

John nodded. "I see. And how do you know Michael?"

Eric tried not to read anything into the question. "Mike? We've been friends for years, since we were kids."

Terence gave John a pointed look, but it was clear John wasn't done probing him with questions.

"Really? That's interesting," he said. "And how long have you been seeing each other?"

Eric froze. "I-it's not like that. We're just friends."

"Ha! I knew it," said John. He slapped Terence lightly on the chest. "He's been dodging our calls for weeks. I knew he had a new plaything...er, sorry, but you know what I mean."

Eric had his hands up, as if he could ward off suspicion with his hands. "I don't know what you're talking about. We're just friends."

Terence reached out and put a hand on his shoulder. "Eric, it's alright. Don't let John intimidate you. He's not going to out you or anything. He's just excitable sometimes."

"It's part of my charm," said John. "Though, if you're trying to keep things under wraps, I'd suggest avoiding groping each other in public."

Eric blushed and looked away. Of course they'd seen that.

John gave him a condescending smile. "I don't mean to pry-"

"He can't help himself," said Terence.

"-but he's got a type, you know? Good looking straight boys without a clue, dazzled by his Herculean physique. I'll bet you never even thought about taking it up the ass until he was inside you."

Eric's face must have been going beet red, but John was right. It was embarrassing to be so easily pegged by someone who didn't even know him.

"It's a shame, really," said John. "Michael is something of a unicorn; bisexual, well groomed, well hung, and quite adventurous. But he's also thoughtless, impulsive, and completely lacking in romance. I'll bet he's never even kissed you before sticking that log in your ass."

That was true, but was that what he wanted? He and Mike had been having rough, animalistic sex for weeks. It lacked a sense of passion, but Eric wasn't sure that he minded. He wasn't looking for a boyfriend and he liked the intensity of their encounters. Then again, it was always awkward when they were finished and the urgency was gone. He would clean up, get dressed, and head home with a sense of vague misuse. What would Mike do if he asked to stay the night? What would Mike say if he tried to kiss him?

"I'm sorry, I've given you a lot to think about," said John. "I didn't mean to cause trouble, I just didn't want to see another one of Michael's conquests get hurt by his indifference. God knows I found it off putting the first time."

Eric looked up sharply. "You've slept with him?"

"He's our third on occasion," said John.

Eric took a second to assimilate the information, his mind forming an image of Mike and John spitroasting Terence, then Mike fucking John while Terence watched. It wasn't unappealing, and he could feel his jeans tightening around his crotch. He looked towards the hallway, though Mike was now out of sight.

When he turned back, John and Terence were sharing a conversation with their eyes. Terence looked uncertain, but John was grinning mischievously.

"Look, don't take this the wrong way," said John, "because you seem like a nice guy, Eric. Michael is like ice cream - great for a few licks, but you'll eventually want something a little more filling. Terence and I were going to invite him back to our place after this, but seeing as you're here, I thought you might like to come instead."

Eric blinked. "What?"

"Michael might give your ass a good reaming, but you'll be missing out on the best parts if that's all you're getting. If you come home with us, we'll show you a night you'll never forget."

He was stunned. John looked him in the eye as he made his offer, and it seemed like he was serious. Terence was eyeing him appraisingly, clearly less keen on openly propositioning someone they just met in a crowded rec center.

John patted him on the arm and smiled warmly. "Take your time to think about it. We'll be over at the bar."

They left him there at the table, pondering. He took a pull from his drink and decided to go find Mike. If he stayed here, he'd be in full view of John and Terence, and he needed some distance from them.

Mike was chatting up a pair of middle aged women, and they were hanging on his every word. It was strange to see them virtually drooling over him - with their pert, fake breasts and botox smiles, undressing him with their eyes. Hell, they'd probably be able to fund the rec center indefinitely if they auctioned Mike off for a night or two.

Eric went up and put a hand on his shoulder, smiling politely at the ladies. "Hi, there. Will you excuse us for a moment? They need Michael in the other room."

Mike followed his lead, and they went down one of the side halls away from the music. "What's up," he said.

"I just wanted to talk for a minute without all the noise...or people," said Eric, looking back.

Mike nodded, but there was a glint in his eyes. "My office is right over here."

Eric followed him to a small office with a nice size desk and a few chairs. Before he could say anything, however, Mike was on him - biting his neck, squeezing his ass, and pressing up against him. It was intoxicating and overwhelming, and when Mike guided him onto his knees, Eric didn't hesitate.

Mike unzipped his pants and pulled himself free of his briefs. His cock sprung out in front of Eric's face fully erect and dribbling precum. It looked like a fireman's pole from this angle, but Eric opened wide and wrapped his lips around the impressive girth before him. It tasted salty and musty. Eric wrapped a hand around the shaft and pumped it for more seminal fluid, making sure to lap it up with his swirling tongue..

"Fuck yeah, suck it," said Mike. He put a hand on the back of Eric's head, driving more and more of his cock into Eric's mouth and throat.

Eric hadn't intended to come in here and blow him, but it was easy to get sucked into these kinds of things with Mike. Besides, he'd been practicing his deepthroating on a dildo he'd bought, and he wanted to show off his new skills. He opened wider and forced his gag reflex down and pressed on. Unfortunately, Mike was thicker and longer than his dildo. Eric felt his nose touch Mike's stomach for the briefest moment, then he had to back off entirely. His throat felt a little raw and his mouth was sticky with saliva, but Mike was looking down at him with lustful astonishment.

"Damn, you're getting good at that," said Mike. "Keep going, I'm getting close."

Eric nodded and went back in for more. He'd just wanted to talk, but there was no way he'd be able to stop now, not with Mike's cock in his hand. He wanted Mike to bend him over that desk already and cum up his ass, but it was impractical; they didn't even have any lube. So, he sucked the head and pumped the shaft, and when Mike started breathing heavy, Eric pulled back until it was just the tip in his mouth.

"Holy shit-"

Eric felt the first jets of cum hit his throat and tried to swallow. In doing so, he managed to drop Mike's cock out of his mouth, and the next spurt of salty, white liquid hit him square in the face. He had no time to recover as another spray of cum crossed his chin and neck. He tried to aim the firehose back towards his mouth and was rewarded with several more ropes of cum on his cheeks and lips.

When the onslaught subsided, Eric looked up at Mike, who smiled down at him with indolent satisfaction. He was obviously admiring his handiwork, which Eric could understand. One night last week, after nearly an hour of Mike fucking his ass, Eric received a similar cum bath. Before he wiped himself clean, though, he caught a look in the mirror and was surprised at how turned on his own cum splattered face made him.

Mike sighed and slipped his cock back in his pants. "Thanks. I was going nuts out there with this hard-on. I've gotta stay here for another hour or so, then we can roll and head back to my place. You better be ready for more where that came from."

"But-"

"I've got to get back out there," said Mike. He buttoned his pants and straightened his shirt. "Just get cleaned up and head back to the table. John and Terence will take care of you."

Eric was stunned. He was still sticky with Mike's cum and he'd been abandoned to fend for himself. He couldn't believe it!

He did his best to clean his face, but there was only so much he could do from Mike's office. Besides, he was still in shock with how careless Mike had been. Which is why, when he returned to the table where John and Terence were waiting, they both stared at him like he had something on his...

"I see you've, uhhh, spoke with Michael," said John, trying to cover a snicker.

Eric reached up and touched the corner of his mouth. Sure enough, he'd missed a spot. "Shit!"

Terence glanced at John, a definitive plea in his eyes and a degree of lust. "Perhaps we should find somewhere to talk, away from this crowd."

John nodded, forming some unspoken agreement between them. "The employee lounge?"

Eric couldn't help laughing. Were they looking to have their own go at him, like Mike? Was he going to be the community cum dumpster around here? Oddly, the idea turned him on, but it was besides the point. He didn't like feeling used.

John put a hand on his shoulder. "Eric, I promised you a night to remember. There's more to this than quickie blowjobs and booty calls. Just follow us and I promise you won't be disappointed."

That was all he needed to hear. Eric felt like he was drowning in conflicting emotions, and this was something to hold onto. Besides which, his natural curiosity was piqued and he could feel his dick straining against his pants.

They headed out of the big room and into the hallway without saying much. There were too many people around to talk about anything important. Eric grinned at the ridiculousness of the situation and marvelled at how far he'd come. He was heading to the employee lounge of a free clinic to have sex with two men he'd just met after giving his friend/fuck buddy a blowjob in his office. It was exhilarating.

Terence unlocked the door and smiled at Eric as he entered the room. There was a couch and a few chairs, a small table, and a refrigerator. All pretty standard stuff. Eric wondered how this was going to work, but he was willing to wait and see.

John went straight for the counter, opening a drawer next to the sink and withdrawing a sealed medical package and a box of condoms. He handed the package to Eric.

"There's a bathroom attached. Go ahead and get yourself cleaned up. Given the time constraints here, I think it would be best if you came out in the nude. We'll get undressed out here while we're waiting."

Eric looked at the small package - an enema - and nodded. He had used one before, but they weren't very comfortable. Still, he could understand why it was important, so he went into the small bathroom without comment.

When he finished with it, Eric felt clean and conspicuous. He'd stumbled into sex with Mike; this felt more deliberate. Was he really up for a threesome? He thought about it for a moment, imagined himself on his knees before two hard cocks, then with one in his mouth and one in his ass. It sounded like a lot to take in, but he was stiff as a board just thinking about it. He shed his clothes and walked out into the lounge.

They were waiting on the couch, as naked as he was. John was wiry and muscular, with a small tuft of blonde hair on his chest and a darker patch surrounding his semi-hard cock. Terence, on the other hand, was a bit softer around the edges, but completely hairless below the neck. His erect member looked even bigger without any cover around it.

John nodded admiringly. "I see he's already got you waxing for him. Very nice."

Eric blushed - which was embarrassing enough - and said, "Mike hasn't seen it yet. I was going to surprise him."

"Even better," said John with a wicked grin. "Come on over."

Eric went to the couch and sat on the edge of the chair opposite it. John and Terence drank him in with admiration and lust. It was uncomfortable at first, but Eric found that he enjoyed their stares. He'd made an effort to make himself more attractive to his lover/fuck buddy, and these two were able to appreciate it.

Terence stood and took a step closer to Eric. "Stand up," he said, offering a hand.

Eric took it and was face to face with the well endowed doctor. When Terence leaned in and put his lips on Eric's own, he was surprised to find them soft, as soft as any woman's. Terence wrapped his arms around Eric's waist and pulled him closer. They stood there kissing as their cocks intermingled and poked one another in the stomach. It was highly erotic for Eric, and he felt the precum smearing into Terence's smooth skin.

He was surprised when he felt John pressing into his back, strong hands kneading his shoulders. He tried to look back, but Terence's lips kept him facing forward. The sensations of hands, lips, cocks, and pressure were overwhelming, but he found that he could simply let loose and enjoy the ride. He was harder than he'd ever been in his life, and he was completely ready for whatever came next.

After a few long moments, the pressure on his shoulders became a pressing down, and Eric let himself be sent to his knees. Up close, Terence's thick cock was truly impressive - at least ten inches long and smooth from tip to balls. It was begging to be in Eric's mouth. He opened wide and sank down, engulfing the dark chocolate rod with his eager lips.

"Uunf. That's pretty good."

Eric kept up a quick pace, bobbing and sucking for all he was worth. But then John knelt next to him and put a hand on the back of his head and slowed him down. His other hand reached down and gripped Eric's cock, tenderly stroking it.

"I appreciate your concern for time here," said John, "but don't rush it, okay? Are you here to enjoy yourself or just get him off as quickly as possible?"

That gave Eric pause. Whenever he and Mike had come together, it was a frantic sort of thing. Hot and sweaty, but often relentless and dizzying too. He liked sucking and fucking as much as the next guy - something that made him look twice at all of his other presumably "straight" friends - but it was always a race to the finish with Mike. As soon as Eric came, usually with Mike's dick in his ass, Mike would pump furiously until his own orgasm flooded Eric with hot cum.

Now, Eric let himself slow down, really enjoying what he was doing. He'd known for weeks how much he loved sucking cock, but it was never something he spent much time on with Mike. John stroked his hair and his cock intermittently, letting him explore every inch of the dark peninsula protruding from Terence's waist. The soft hardness, the sweet salty tang of seminal fluid, the deep warmth - it was intoxicating. Mike would have been itching to plug his ass by now, but Terence seemed content to let him drink in the full scope of the operation down there, and with a cock like that, who wouldn't?
