 As usual, I have given you very little notice before I can come over. Always a gentleman, you usher me into your house and offer me a drink. We head to the family room to chat awhile. But we both know why I'm here.

I ask if I can use your shower to freshen up a bit. You tell me that you've just showered, but to feel free to use the facilities. I adjourn to your bathroom and strip off my clothes, folding them neatly on the counter while the shower warms up a bit.

I enter the shower and enjoy the warmth of the water streaming down on me. I am at the same time nervous and drooling with anticipation of the fun that is yet to come. I soap my self thoroughly paying special attention to my cock and balls. I stroke my cock with a slippery handful of soapsuds and enjoy the feeling. 

I don't want to bore you with me taking an extended shower, so I rinse off quickly and exit the shower. After drying myself, I wipe down the shower walls. I open the door and walk back into the room completely naked.

I look over at you in your chair and notice your hard-on. I think you've been warming things up while I've been getting ready myself.

You've waited long enough. I walk over to your spot on your chair and kneel on the soft carpet. Parting your robe, I reach out with both hands. One to gently massage your balls, the other I use to rub the head of your cock with my fingers.

You close your eyes and lean back into the chair. At the same time you slide your lower body closer to the edge of the seat. As I continue to fondle your sac, I change the stroke on your cock from the gentle rubbing of the crown to a full length stroke up and down your shaft.

I look closely at your hardness. I've seen it before from this angle –and I like seeing it once again. Using the hand I already have on your manhood, I tilt it gently towards my face. Extending my tongue, I generously lick around the base of your member, moving slowly up the shaft while keeping the head in contact with my face or chin the whole time.

Ever so gradually, I reach the tender zone on the underside of your cock just below its inflated head. I spend a bit of time there. Licking. Kissing. Nibbling. You moan in pleasure.

Lifting my mouth from the shaft of your cock, I pull back for a moment to look at the sight before me. It is time to truly please you now. I open my mouth, tilt your sex a little more towards me, and engulf the head of your cock with my lips.

Swirling my tongue around the head now, I continue to massage your testicles. Occasionally, I move my hand from your scrotum up to stroke your shaft while my tongue traces the outline of the rigid part of your penis planted in my mouth.

I begin a sucking action that I combine with my swirling tongue. Extending my tongue a bit I slowly begin to slip my mouth onto more and more of your cock. You are moaning almost continuously now as I continue my ministrations. I continue working my way down so that you are deeper and deeper into my mouth. My nose grazes your pubic hairs on my downstrokes now.

I open my mouth even wider to accept more of you as I feel your cockhead nudge the back of my throat. I work to accept you into the passageway of my throat and hold you there for just a moment as I adjust to the fullness I feel.

I slide my mouth all the way back until you are almost out of my mouth – then I plunge you deeply back into the depths of my throat. I continue my in and out motion for awhile as your pleasure grows and flowers. Backing off just a bit, I concentrate on pleasing the upper portion of your shaft and tip, continuing the in and out motion I have already established.

In time your pleasure grows. Your body feels electric and your balls become heavy with their need to release. You have begun to drip a bit of slippery emission into my mouth. The taste pleases me and foretells me of the moments yet to come.

Your balls rise slightly. Your cock swells quickly – it is as hard as it is ever going to be. You begin to gently thrust your pelvis into my mouth in the same rhythm as my bobbing head. 

Your moans intensify until it is not a moan but an incoherent sound. I feel the first fluid warmth as you begin your orgasm. Then a stronger stream of cum shoots from your penis into my mouth and onto my tongue as it continues to pleasure you. You pulse squirt after squirt of cum into my waiting mouth until the urgency of your need grows less. 

I continue to gently clean the last of your emission from your slackening cock until you can take no more. Lifting my mouth from your cock, I look at your face and appreciate the look of bliss and peace. You are satisfied – but only for a few minutes.

Shall I continue?