 Eric was about three drinks in when Mike started telling a story by the campfire. They were out in the forest, night air filled with wood smoke and autumn chill, and their friends gathered around the licking flames with their beers.

"You guys know about the ghost out here, right?"

Ben snorted. "Ghost? The fuck are you talking about?"

Mike grinned and took a pull on his drink. "The ghost, man! Didn't anybody tell you about the ghost in these woods?"

"I've been camping out here since I was ten," said Jordan, "and I've never heard any ghost stories about these woods."

"Well, maybe you just weren't listening," said Mike. "When we'd go on Boy Scout trips, some of older boys would talk about her - the ghost maiden."

Eric chuckled and finished his beer. He actually had heard this one before, back in their Boy Scout days. It made him think of his last girlfriend and their recent break-up. He opened another beer and listened while Mike told the other guys his ghost story.

"They say she was the most beautiful girl you'd ever see - big tits, long blonde hair, and an ass like a Georgia peach. If she gave you a kiss at the county fair, you'd have a hard-on for three weeks. She wouldn't let anyone pop her cherry, but if you found her after school by the bleachers, she'd suck you off for a song and a ride home."

The guys all grinned, enjoying Mike's flamboyant gestures as he went. He was a smooth talker, a player, and he had a way of livening things up without even trying. At 6'4" and fairly muscular, Mike could dominate a room and make everything feel outsized to real life; the kind of guy you'd want to go to Vegas with.

"Every summer, she'd come up here to the woods with a tent and camp out. She wouldn't wear clothes in the summer, so if you saw her by the lake, she'd be naked as the day she was born."

"Good way to get eaten by mosquitoes," said Jordan.

Mike shot him a look, but continued. "At night, she'd go out and look for other campers. When she found a tent with a man inside, she would sneak in and suck the man off until he came right in her mouth. Legend says that she was looking for a man who could resist her oral powers, and that would be the only man she would let past her other lips."

"I could do it," said Ben, on his sixth beer. "I never cum when my wife's blowing me."

"Funny, she always makes me cum," said Jordan.

Ben slapped at him, but he nearly overbalanced his chair and had to sit back. "Very funny."

"One day," said Mike, "she came across a tent, and inside was the most handsome man she'd ever seen. Naturally, she had to blow him, hoping he might be the one, but when she put her mouth over his cock, the man woke up and grabbed her by the hair,"

"She was stunned, and soon she had her head pressed against the floor of the tent and a hand spreading her legs. She tried to resist, but the handsome man opened her legs and drove his cock inside her. With three short thrusts, he came and left her sobbing inside his tent."

"Shit," said Jordan. "Not where I saw that going."

"Taking a knife from his bag, she slit her wrists and bled out on the floor of his tent, but not before the man could return and receive her dying curse. 'For your impatience and your cruelty, I curse you to never know the touch of another again.' Then she perished and the man fled, leaving her body unburied. Now, she roams the forest in search of the man who will redeem her virtue, giving ghostly blowjobs in the night. But beware! If you turn her away, the curse may take you as well."

Eric clapped and Mike gave a jaunty bow.

"I think I'm turning in," said Ben. "Maybe I'll see if ghosts give better head than the old lady."

Jordan went back to his own tent soon after, leaving a pile of empty bottles behind.

"Been a while since I've heard that one," said Eric. "I think you might have gotten Ben hard just thinking about it."

Mike laughed and sat back in his chair. "Well, it's a story for horny teenage boys, so that makes sense."

"What made you think of it?"

Mike shrugged. "Just being out here, I guess. Reminded of more innocent times."

Eric nodded. "Back before it was all bills and engagement rings. Not that you're settling down any time soon."

"Did she at least give it back when she dumped you?"

"Well, she threw it, but yeah, I got it back. Jewelry store wasn't happy about the return, but hey, fuck 'em."

Mike raised a glass to that. "Well, don't let it get you down. Plenty of fish in the sea."

"Easy for you to say," said Eric. "You're probably happy to get away from all the pussy chasing you. I think my balls are going to stay permanently blue if I don't get back out there soon."

"Who knows? Maybe the ghost will give you a hand...or a mouth."

Eric shook his head and chuckled. "I wish. I'm heading in. Night."

Mike nodded, and Eric went back to his tent. Much as he wouldn't like to admit it, Mike's story seemed to have gotten to him too. Eric's 6" cock was hard against his stomach and he rubbed it unconsciously as he lay on his sleeping bag. He wouldn't cum like this, not without really going at it, and he didn't want to risk the others hearing him jack off. It was really frustrating, but there wasn't much he could do. Soon, he fell asleep.

Eric woke to the sound of his tent zipper, but his contacts weren't in, so all he could see was a blur of motion enter his tent.

"Wha-"

A hand reached his cock and he felt wet lips sink over his semi-erect member. He was all the way hard in moments, but he was still bleary and delirious. Worse, his brain was feeding him junk information. It's a ghost, said his half asleep brain, even though that was insane.

Ghost or not, Eric was getting a hell of a blowjob. He wanted to reach out and hold onto his pleasurer's head, but he remembered the story and kept his hands at his sides. He wasn't awake enough to form real logic, and chances were that he was dreaming. A blonde Amazon's ghost blowing him in the night? No way.

But they weren't blonde. That much he could see. And they weren't nude either. In fact, they looked like...

"Mike?"

Immediately, Mike pulled away from him. Eric grabbed for his spare glasses inside his bag and put them on to see a look of sheer terror and guilt on his friend's face. There was a wet ring of saliva around his mouth that shimmered in the dim moonlight.

He didn't know what to say - it was a lot to take in - and Mike was completely frozen. He was still hard and Mike's messy face hadn't turned him off. They stared at each other for a long while before Eric looked down at his air-drying cock, then back up at Mike.

With more hesitation and insecurity than Eric had ever seen, Mike leaned over and took hold of Eric's cock. He didn't break eye contact, watching for some sign of rejection, but Eric just looked on as his friend engulfed his cock once more.

Again, Eric was impressed with the quality of Mike's work. His tongue rolled over the head of Eric's dick and down the shaft as he swallowed more and more of him. Soon, his chin rested against Eric's balls.

It was too much for Eric to take in. He didn't think he was attracted to men, but watching his friend suck his cock, he could feel his orgasm arriving prematurely.

"I'm gonna-"

Mike pulled back, but kept the head of Eric's cock in his mouth as Eric came in powerful jets. Mike sucked it down as fast as he could, but some of it dribbled out of the corners of his mouth. When he was completely drained, Eric let out a deep sigh of relief and Mike sat up, licking his lips greedily.

Again, they watched each other in silence, taking stock of the situation. Eric was disheveled, semi-hard cock propped against his leg with saliva coating every inch. Mike, on the other hand, was still fully dressed and looked normal, except for the stray beads of Eric's cum on his chin.

His friend had just given him the most amazing blowjob he'd ever had, and he felt...well, like he'd just blown his load in someone's mouth. He should have felt...well, he wasn't sure. Mike came into his tent in the middle of the night, without warning, and sucked him dry. Eric wanted to feel affronted, but right now, he was surprised to realise that he didn't mind. He never would have said yes if Mike had asked him out right, but here and now, he was fully able to accept the gift Mike had given him.

Now, he thought he might be able to return the favor.

Eric looked meaningfully down at the bulge in Mike's jeans. "I-I want to see-"

He looked a little surprised, but Mike sat up and undid his belt and button. His 9" monster sprang out and Eric felt his heart racing. He'd never been this close to another man's erect penis before. He hadn't expected to feel so...hungry for it. The thought of what he was about to do with it was rapidly bringing his own cock back to life.

The tip was already dripping with precum as Eric leaned in, pulled into its magnetic field. He stared at it, only inches from his face, and drank in its musky scent. Mike put a hand on his head to guide him forward.

Eric hesitantly opened his mouth and reached out with his tongue to lick the head. A bit salty, but not bad. Mike's insistent hand pressed him further, and Eric took the first few inches into his mouth. With a manic grin, he realized he was now a cocksucker, and as he saw the pleasure on Mike's face, he knew he loved it.

Initial hesitation gone, Eric began blowing him in earnest. He took the cock in one hand and balls in the other. It was hard to tell how well he was doing; he had trouble maintaining eye contact as Mike had done while bobbing up and down on his dick. There was definitely some skill to this task.

After a few minutes of his frantic efforts, Eric pulled back and locked eyes with Mike. His friend smiled, though he wasn't panting like Eric had been after Mike's ministrations.

Eric wiped his mouth with his forearm. "Is that doing anything for you?"

"It's great," said Mike in a whisper. "You're doing great."

"Are you going to cum?"

Mike glanced away. "Eventually?"

Eric frowned and looked down at Mike's massive cock. He'd committed to blowing Mike, and now that his own cock was raging back to life, he was more sure than ever that he was going to make Mike cum. He'd never have guessed before tonight, but he wanted to see, to feel, another man's cock errupt because he made it. If he couldn't make Mike cum with his mouth...

"Will you cum if you fuck me? I-in the ass?"

Mike looked concerned, but there was a real hunger in his eyes as that door opened before him. "Are you kidding?"

"I don't have any lube, but I've got some lotion around here somewhere," said Eric, finding it hard to look him in the eye.

Mike took him by the shoulders and made him meet his gaze. "Are you sure?"

Eric took a look down at their hard cocks and nodded. Whatever reservations he had were shoved into some corner of his mind that wasn't ruled by his libido. He'd never been on the receiving end of things, and his sexual urges were driving him towards that novelty at breakneck speed.

Mike smiled and turned him around, putting Eric on his hands and knees.

Eric could feel his heart beating out of his chest as he waited with his ass presented Mike. He heard the pop-snap of the lotion's lid and a shudder ran down his spine. A second later, he nearly jumped as the cold lotion struck his exposed rosebud.

"Relax," said Mike in a calm, soothing voice. He put one hand on Eric's hip to steady him as the other began to work the lotion into his asshole.

Eric's cock was hard as rock now, and when the first digit of Mike's finger penetrated him, he bucked again, but this time with pleasurable surprise. There was a slight burning sensation, but his body responded with pure craving as more of Mike's lubed finger entered him. He'd never imagined anal could make him so excited.

"Are you alright?"

Eric nodded, not looking up. "Keep going... I want more."

Mike obliged him, and Eric tried to keep from clenching down on his probing finger. After a while, Mike pulled back and Eric felt another glob of lotion hit his ass. A second finger came probing in this time, and Eric leaned into it. He was loosening up and he wanted to take more.

Then Mike hit his prostate and Eric gasped with ecstasy. Mike pulled back instantly.

"Are you okay?"

"I'm fine," said Eric. "Do that again."

Mike grinned. "Ah, gotcha."

His other hand reached down and wrapped around Eric's cock while he pressed in again and bumped against his prostate. Again, a wave of intense pleasure shot through him as he strained against Mike's hands.

"Too much more of that and I'm going to cum," said Eric.

"Are you ready?"

He nodded, though he wasn't totally sure. Mike's cock looked like some heavy duty pipe, but he was determined to make it fit. He'd come this far and he didn't want to turn back without feeling that cock in his ass.

Mike's hands came away from Eric's body, and there was another pop-snap as he coated his thick cock in lotion. Eric tried to stay relaxed, but his body thrummed with anticipation as he waited to feel the tip of Mike's cock at his entrance. He felt so wanton like this, on his hands and knees, waiting to be entered from behind. The last time he'd had sex in this position, he'd been on the other end of things, giving it rough and talking dirty. He'd called her a slut and a bitch and pulled her hair as he fucked her ass. Now it was his turn to be a slutty, tight-assed bitch and he could barely contain himself. Maybe he wasn't as straight as he thought...

Mike's hand returned to his hip. "Are you ready?"

"Yes," Eric moaned. He didn't mean to, it just came out that way.

Mike slapped him on the ass and laughed. "That's good. You're really going to be moaning in a minute. Now, relax and enjoy the ride."

The head of his cock pressed against Eric's asshole, and for a second, there was resistance. Then it plopped in and Eric gasped. It felt huge inside him, and Mike stopped to let him get used to it. Eric took a second to appreciate the fact that there was a cock in his ass, that he was being fucked. He took a deep breath and unclenched.

Inch by inch, Mike slid into him. The burning sensation was stronger now, but it would fade soon. When Mike's torso bumped up against his ass, Eric let out a sigh. He felt so full with all nine inches inside him. But the fun was just beginning.

"How does it feel," Mike asked and gave a playful tug on Eric's painfully hard cock.

"It's so good," said Eric. "I...I want you to fuck me, but I think it'll hurt."

Mike wiggled a little and elicited another gasp from Eric. "You're still getting loose. It takes a minute. This is usually when I tell 'em how hard I'm going to fuck them and shit like that, but I don't suspect that would help you relax."

Eric glanced back furtively. "I-I wouldn't mind."

Mike cocked an eyebrow at him and smiled. "You want to hear about how I'm going to plow into you with my big fucking cock? Pound your ass till I'm ready to pull out and cum on your face? That getting you hot?"

Eric didn't turn back, but he nodded, bucking his hips.

"Shit, if I'd known you were such a little slut, I'd have fucked you ages ago. Are you really going to let me cum on your face?"

Again, he nodded. He wasn't even sure what he was agreeing to; his mind was as full of cock as his ass. He was mostly adjusted now and all he could think about was how much he wanted Mike to start fucking him for real.

As if on queue, Eric felt the massive cock inside him slide back, all the way to the tip.

"Are you ready?"

"Yessss."

"Then hold on. You've got no idea what you're in for."

Eric shuddered, then stiffed a yell as Mike's cock plowed into him. It stung, but it rubbed up against his prostate along the way. He had never felt anything like it,and he wanted more.

Mike paused for a fraction of a second before thrusting into him with measured strokes. It was utter bliss, even as Eric felt the strange sensation of Mike's scrotum slapping against his thighs. He couldn't have imagined what this would be like before Mike had entered him. He briefly wondered if liking this meant he was gay or bisexual, or if most straight men were simply missing out on some of the best sex they'd ever have.

Mike ran a hand through Eric's hair and pulled it back, bucking his hips against Eric's tight ass. "You like that?"

Eric groaned, completely overwhelmed. It was barely a few minutes into their fucking when he felt his second orgasm rising inside him.

"I think I'm going to-"

Mike reached down and stroked his cock. That put Eric over the edge. He came with a ferocity he'd never cum before, shooting spurt after spurt into Mike's waiting hand as each thrust of his cock scored a direct hit on his prostate.

Once Eric was done, Mike stopped his anal assault. He was breathing heavily, possibly close to cumming himself. He took his hand away from Eric's cock and brought it up to Eric's face. It was free of lotion, but drenched in cum. Seeing it all on Mike's hand, Eric was astonished by how much he'd produced.

"Have a taste," said Mike. "I thought it was pretty good earlier."

Eric was coming down from his coital ecstasy, but all he had to do was open his mouth and stick out his tongue. His cum was thick and salty, but licking it off Mike's hand was still arousing. Once he'd sufficiently cleaned off Mike's fingers, Eric felt Mike pull out and back up.

"Turn around and sit back."

Eric did as he was told and came face to phallus with Mike's cock. He sat back, and Mike towered over him while stroking his massive cock with cum splattered fingers. There was a wild energy in Mike's eyes, and it kept a little blood flow in Eric's deflated sex.

"I'm going to drench you in cum," said Mike. "I'm going to make you swallow every last drop that lands on your face."

Eric nodded enthusiastically. His own sexual fervor may have subsided, but Mike was cleary still enjoying himself, and Eric wasn't ready to this experience to end. He hadn't felt another man ejaculate on him yet. That was somehow part of the event, and he didn't want to miss it.

Mike reached out and brought Eric closer. "I'm...almost...there. Open wide!"

Eric barely got his lips parted before the first blast of white, hot sperm hit him straight in the mouth. Mike's cum was sweeter than his own, but Eric didn't have time to ruminate about their differences and similarities. Jet after jet of cum splashed his face and neck, into his mouth, and onto his remaining clothes. It was exhilarating.

When all was said and done, Eric looked up through cum obstructed eyes at Mike. Neither of them spoke. Then Eric cleared his eyes and sucked the fingers dry. With every scoop of cum from his face, he watched Mike and showed him just how much he appreciated the gift that was deposited on his face.

"Damn," said Mike.

Eric smiled. "Thanks."

"I never would have guessed you'd be this...well, you know."

"Me either. I had you figured for a lady's man."

Mike shrugged. "There's enough of me to go around. I like to keep my options open."

Eric chuckled and dressed himself. "Well, next time you feel like pounding ass, you know where to find me."

"Yeah? I might take you up on that."

For a moment, Eric thought he might reach out and suck Mike's cock again. But it was late, and he didn't relish the idea of going ass to mouth. Besides, he'd already cum twice and his ass felt out of shape. He would need to recover before he let Mike plow into him again.

"You'd better get going," said Eric. "Ghosts don't have to wake up at dawn."

Mike zipped up his pants and winked at Eric. "Til next time, then."

He left, and Eric collapsed on the floor of his tent. His emotions were running wild, from ecstasy to full blown panic. This was the most strange and erotic experience of his entire life, and it ran completely contrary to how he imagined his sexuality. At this point he didn't care. With service like that, the blowjob ghost could haunt him anytime.