 "OK, so tell me what exactly goes on the monthly boat rides?"

"Gay sex. Only married guys go. All have had a gay experience in their past and had enjoyed it. Several were gay when they married. Some of the guys have always been bisexual. 

One guy joined us because he loves getting blowjobs and his wife will not even kiss his cock. He does play with other's cock a bit and thinks he will be giving handjobs soon. We have bets on who he will masturbate first. 

I also think he will be sucking cocks soon. He is fascinated when he watches.

One guy is there to watch and masturbate. He has begun accepting handjobs from us and I am sure he will soon allow blowjobs. We have bets on who will be the first. Right now I am the favorite. I think he will suck cocks soon too. 

Every guy that has come with us to watch has ended up participating.

There are fifteen of us but on most trips there are usually fewer than ten, we have had as many as twenty. Today we had twelve."

"You are one of those that was gay before you married a lesbian?"

"Yes. All of the guys that married lesbians were at least bi before marrying the lesbian. Everyone is waiting to hear your story."

I got up and fixed us crown and cokes then sat next to him on the love seat and related my story.

"The summer after we graduated from high school four of us went camping for a week. None of us had girls and one of us was gay. Everyone knew he was gay but he was our friend anyway. He did not start our experiments, my closest friend at the time Bart did. 

Our tent was in a wilderness area away from everybody but not so far that our phones would not work. One of our Moms called us each day. Two of us were nineteen already and we all semi-resented being checked on but accepted it. All of us knew our Moms dreaded the complete loss of control of their boys.

On our second day it began to rain and it rained for two days. By the end of the fourth day we were out of dry clothes so we went out hiking nude. 

It was a cloudy cool day but it did not rain. We stopped above the valley we lived in and ate as we enjoyed the view. 

After we cleaned up Bart began to masturbate; no one said anything, no taunts, and no rude remarks.

I began to masturbate shortly afterward then the other two did. We aimed our ejaculate towards the valley and all noted that Andy, our gay friend, had the smallest cock but the most energetic cum, it easily outdistanced all of ours.

We ended up patting him on the back. Bart's pat was low on Andy's back, it was on his ass. Bart then caressed Andy's ass for a few moments before withdrawing his hand.

Andy kissed him on the cheek as he caressed Bart's cock.

On our hike back Jim and I noted that Andy and Bart caressed each other's ass often. Andy had an arm around Bart's waist at times and Bart had his arm around Andy at times. I got the impression they had been a couple for a while and were making their announcement to us then. Apparently I already knew because I was not surprised.

Just for fun I caressed Jim's ass. His hand came back and held mine on his ass for a few moments then released me. I kept my hand on his ass.

The trail put us single file and I ended up ahead of Jim. I soon felt his hand on my ass. 

I slowed down.

Bart and I had apparently found new best friends.

The four of us had erections when we got back to camp but began dinner preparations. The hands and the bodies of others brushed our cocks often. Andy seemed to need to cross in front of Bart frequently brushing his ass on his cock every time.

Soon Jim was going by behind me, I felt his cock slide across my ass. On one of those times he kissed my shoulder as his cock rested between my ass cheeks. I leaned back.

That night we took out some dry firewood and had warm food for dinner. The clouds still covered the sky and the fire felt good. Andy began to masturbate and all of us joined him. We were now coupled, Bart was next to Andy and Jim was next to me. 

Most of the camping gear belonged to Jim; he knew the outdoors a lot better than the rest of us. He was a tall skinny blonde with a cock to match. He was our schools best baseball player and had a college scholarship. I was on the baseball team too but was just another player.

As Jim and I masturbated we drifted closer together until our hips touched. We reached to the other's ass and as soon we were caressing each other. He jacked off left handed so we had no trouble maintaining contact. 

We watched each other and sped up or slowed down to match each other. Jim and I looked at Bart and Andy and saw that they were jerking off the others cock. Jim and I were too close to our cums to switch so we did ourselves. Within fifteen seconds all of us of us ejaculated towards the fire. 

Our hands stayed on the other's ass and we were in a semi embrace when we saw Andy and Bart were in an embrace sharing a long kiss. Their hands were still on the others cock. Bart noticed us staring at them and apologized, "We got a little carried away," he said.

Jim and I said, "Right."

Bart was almost embarrassed before Jim kissed me and I accepted his kiss. When our kiss ended we saw Andy was wearing a beaming smile. He was still holding Bart's cock.

I was holding Jim's cock.

We talked by the fire for an hour or so, Andy in Bart's arms and me in Jim's arms. Our conversation never went to our obviously gay behavior but we could see that Andy's cock was being caressed. Jim began to caress mine.

I felt Jim's cock slowly hardens behind me. Andy had a hand behind him and was obviously stroking Bart's cock.

It was earlier that we had gone to bed the previous nights but we simply walked into the tent and took our shoes off. All of us had erections.

The previous nights had been warm and muggy so we slept on top of our bags. That night was cold enough we needed to be inside them. 

They were double bags. We had not separated them yet and that night we did not.

Jim and I pretended we were going to stay at opposite sides but all knew better. Bart and Andy made no such pretensions, Andy cuddled up to Bart immediately.

Would you like another drink?" I asked my rapt listener.

He seemed to be surprised by my abrupt pause but nodded yes as we stared at each other's hard cocks under our gym shorts. 

Our wives were in the sofa wearing only panties; both were in their periods. Both were listening to my story. 

My wife had heard some of my escapades but not that one, my first. 

His wife had never heard any from me but most likely had heard some from my wife. I had heard stories about her from my wife.

Both women asked for screwdrivers.

I brought drinks for all of us then before sitting back down I slid my shorts off. My erection stopped him in mid sip and he immediately slid his shorts off.

He began to gently caress my cock and after I got comfortable I began caressing his cock, our wives turned so they could see us. I continued my story

"Jim turned off the light but there was enough reflected light under the clouds for us to see well. What Jim and I saw was Andy sliding down into the sleeping bag until his head stopped at groin level. We then saw his head bob up and down. Andy was giving Bart a blowjob.

I had turned on my side to watch them and Jim snuggled up behind me. I could feel his very erect cock on my ass. I felt his hand grip my incredibly hard cock in his hand.

We moved a bit so his cock was nestled in the groove of my ass. He pushed it deep into the groove lengthwise between the cheeks then he used my ass to masturbate. His hand masturbated me.

I could not decide on whether to concentrate on my cock or Jims but ended up concentrating on his. His pre-cum had lubricated me and his cock began to slide between my ass cheeks effortlessly. His cock head kissed my hole as it went by.

I loved it.

Bart groaned, he had cum. Andy worked himself back up and covered Bart's body with his and gave him a long cum infused kiss.

Jim and I ejaculated, my strongest orgasm ever. Jim continued to slide his cock over my ass smearing us with his cum. Some of the cum pooled around my hole. I felt him poke his cock at it. I lifted a cheek and his cock head slid in. He kept it there as his cock added on last burst. It slid out after a couple of minutes."

My best friend, the best man at my wedding, was now on the floor sucking my cock. I raised his face and gave him a long heartfelt kiss on the lips. He smiled and resumed the blowjob. 

Our wives were in a deep kiss.

I continued.

"In the ensuing minutes Jim and I worked our way to a kiss on the lips. I was on my back with his cock in my hands and he was on his side with my cock in his hand. He had never released it.

Our kisses had become long and deep our make-out lasted for about twenty minutes. 

I felt his cock twitch. Jim led my eyes to the other two and I saw one of them being fucked in the ass. The surprise was that it was Andy fucking Bart. Both seemed to love it.

I had turned away from Jim and his cock was again hard against my ass. I knew what he wanted and realized I did too. I aimed his cock at my hole, as he separated my ass cheeks. He began to penetrate me. It hurt some going in, his cock was bigger than when he slid in before but by the time his cock was completely in me I realized I liked it there.

I enjoyed the fuck but Jim did not last nearly long enough for me. He tried to go slowly and tried to hold back his orgasm but in less than five minutes he was done. His cum felt good in my ass."

I ejaculated in my friend's mouth. He enjoyed the taste before swallowing then sat with me and kissed me.

Our wives came to us and kissed us deeply. His wife then gave me a long lovers kiss as she squeezed my cock. My wife did the same thing to him.

"We are sleepy and going to bed. Make sure we get kisses when you join us," his wife said.

My friend and I looked at each other and wondered if we were now closer to swapping. 

"You had cum in your ass," he said.

"Oh, right. Jim wanted to withdraw out of me but I reached back and held him to my ass. I took five minutes for his cock to slide out. My ass missed it.

A few minutes later he decided that there was no point for any of us to hide what we were doing and Jim crawled out of the sleeping bag and got on his hands and knees. I understood, positioned myself behind him, and fucked him. 

I quickly learned why he didn't last long, sooner than either us wanted I ejaculated in him.

I pulled him down to his side with me and continued softly fucking him for about ten minutes. We were asleep almost as soon as my cock plopped out. 

The next morning we all walked to a small waterfall into a small pond taking our soap with us. We showered and really cleaned our own cocks but decided to make sure so we got on our knees and really washed each other's cock. Jim gave me a blowjob when he got done cleaning my cock and I gave him one in return. We kissed. The kiss made the taste of cum worthwhile.

On the way back to camp Andy told us he had lubricants and condoms. Jim and I kissed his lips. Jim and I borrowed two condoms each and had to ask for two more.

Jim and I fucked and sucked each other for two more days then never again. Andy and Bart became a committed couple and are still together now.

I am bisexual. I suck cock about four or five times a year, fuck men two or three times a year. I don't look for cock but I do not run away from one I might like.

I did suck and fuck three months ago in New Orleans with a committed couple. I also fucked a mother and daughter in the same bed while there."

I slid to the floor and began sucking my friend's cock slowly and deliberately. We both very much enjoyed the experience. When he filled my mouth I sat astride him and kissed him. I felt his wet cock on my ass and hoped he would soon fuck me.

It was not to be, he loved sucking cock but he did not fuck ass and did not allow anyone to fuck his.

It was not a problem; I discovered that five guys on the boat did.

We were about ten miles from the shore and pretty much out of sight when a friend stood behind me and began to lube my ass.

"I won the privilege," he said.

I was soon leaning on the rail as he fucked me with gentle, long strokes. It was exactly what I needed. I felt his cum fill the condom but he kept fucking me for at least another ten minutes. 

I turned and embraced him as we shared a long kiss. 

He said, "Thanks."

I said, "Anytime." I could see he knew I meant that literally. 

He kissed me again.

I heard a guy ask me if I was OK and I simply leaned over the rail again. His cock had a bigger diameter so it took a while for me to be comfortable but it was also a very enjoyable fuck.

A third guy with a long cock took his place and he fucked me hard and for a long time. It was marvelous.

I had been fucked by three guys in succession, a record for me. Before I got a chance to kiss my last lover he was on his knees sucking my cock with love.

I looked around and saw that there were eleven of us on the boat. Everyone was content with who they were and where they were. Most were talking and drinking beer as they awaited their cock's recovery. All of them had wives that mine had eaten.

My best friend was on board but we had decided not to get together while aboard, we could have each other as often as we needed. We concentrated on having everyone else, which we did. The two watchers played with my cock long enough to bring it back to life. I gave the one that masturbated a handjob during which I slid his cock in my mouth twice but for just seconds. His cum began just after I took his cock out and I kissed it when he was done.

I decided against kissing him but I hugged him and our cocks kissed. He melted in my arms.

The guy that was there for blowjobs did kiss me when I had his cum in my mouth. During the kiss he took my cock in his hand then sank to his knees and gave me a handjob/blowjob. 

I warned him but he took my cum in his mouth and swallowed then stood and gave me a long kiss.

He had sucked two other cocks before we headed back to shore.

As soon as Matt started the engine everyone went to his favorite. The guy that fucked me first handed me a condom and leaned over the rail. We fucked until we saw boat traffic. I did not cum but he said, "I owe you one," and kissed me.

We now get together at times on the same bed, his wife and mine fuck while he and I fuck.

When we got home after my first trip we were happy our wives had spent the day in their own orgy. Not one of the guys could have managed an erection that evening.

Both of our wives were in bed in my house, both were naked and napping. My friend and I crawled over the foot of the bed and began to kiss their pussies. As soon as they awoke and began to enjoy our ministrations my friend and I switched pussy. I was eating his wife and he was eating mine.

Their moans and groans filled the room and they were soon in orgasms. We slid up to them and after a few moments of loving their tits we kissed them and announced, "We are back."

They prolonged the kiss as they slid their pussy around our cocks. Much to our surprise our cocks began to rise. My cock was soon in his wife; his was soon in my wife. Our wives immediately moaned and wrapped their legs around us, they wanted it.

We had a lot of stamina and I fucked his wife to orgasm then mine to orgasm before we were too exhausted to continue. Neither of us had anything to ejaculate.

Our women kissed us and repeated, "I love you," before getting up and going into the kitchen. My friend and I grinned to each other then kissed before following them to the kitchen, each with a hand on the others ass.