 [pre-story]This story's not dead! I was a little stuck trying to figure out what to work on, and I got some comments recently asking for more M/M stuff, and then I got inspired and now here we are. Convenient that the first story to go public in pride month is M/M.

Content Warnings: M/M, femboy, sissy, potentially offensive dirty talk

Disclaimer: All characters are 18+[/pre-story]

The Boifriend: Chapter 2

Ben stared in awe for a moment, big, blue eyes fixed on the dark material of Leo's boxer-briefs, and more specifically, on the enormous shape that the elastic material clung tightly to, outlining a thick shaft nearly the size of his forearm. To see it so close... It was even more impressive than he'd imagined. His hands rose up, slowly, tentatively, coming to rest on Leo's powerful thighs, then sliding up along them until his fingertips grazed against the legs of his boxer-briefs. 

Leo's large, calloused hands suddenly tightened their grip on Ben's shoulders, and the pale, blue-haired boy abruptly froze, glancing up nervously, his eyes meeting Leo's. The older man's rugged features bore a conflicted expression as he locked eyes with Ben. There was a moment of silence, of mutual hesitation between the two of them. In that moment, both asked themselves 'Am I really doing this? Should I be?'. It was all happening so fast, and if they went any further, there'd be no going back... 

Ben was the first to break through his hesitation, years of desire reassuring him. He stared deeply into Leo's eyes as his delicate hands slid up the powerful man's legs until they found the fat bulge straining against his boxer-briefs. Slowly, his hands began to move over it, affectionately gripping, caressing, and squeezing at the barely-contained beast, feeling it twitch and grow beneath his touch. Leo's expression slowly shifted, the teenager's teasing touches soothing his concerns, his conflicted look resolving into a grin. 

"You know..." Leo's deep voice rumbled as he looked down at the small, pale, blue-haired boy kneeling before him. "I was havin' a real nice dream, 'fore you woke me up. There were some very sexy mermaids that seemed real interested in me." He said, his grin widening as Ben started to look a little confused. "So you're gonna have to work a lot harder than that to make up for what I'm missin' out on, ya feel me?"

A shiver danced down Ben's spine with those words. "Yes, Sir! I swear, I won't disappoint you." He moaned, leaning forward and down, his aqua-blue lips pursing as he kissed Leo's bulge, right at the base, his eyes still locked with Leo's. "I... I'll worship your cock like a good little bitch, I promise." He muttered, before planting another kiss. "Please, Sir, can I... can I take it out?" 

Leo's bulge lurched, swelling even larger within the elastic material of his boxers. "...Go ahead."

Ben's teeth sank into his glossy blue lower lip as his hands reluctantly left Leo's hefty bulge and slid up to the waistband of his briefs, hooking into the elastic band and slowly pulling it down. The stretchy material peeled away, inch by inch, revealing only smooth-shaven terracotta skin, at first, until the retreating material reached that impressive bulge. Ben caught only a glimpse of a dark, veiny shape before it suddenly lurched, springing free of the briefs that had struggled to contain it, arching through the air for a moment before landing heavily on Ben's upturned, awestruck face. 

"...oh fuck..." Ben breathed quietly, a shiver running down his spine as he felt that enormous shaft laying across his face, hot and hefty. His hands were on autopilot as they finished peeling Leo's briefs down, letting them fall away entirely. There was nothing between his slender, pale skin the dark, veiny member that had haunted his dreams ever since he'd glimpsed it in the showers months ago, he could feel it directly, feel its heat, its weight, its strength, its power, its virility, its raw manliness... With each panting breath, the sweaty, musky odor of Leo's cock filled his nose, the raw musk of a MAN, a REAL man. Leo was a real man. A tall, rugged, broad-shouldered man with layers of muscle on top of muscle, the kind of man who lifted weights for fun, who could fix a car and throw a football and win any fight, the kind of man who had a fucking massive, glorious cock like this... He was the kind of man Ben could never be, the kind of man who deserved to have his cock worshipped 24/7, the kind of man Ben knew he was born to serve. Ben's tongue pushed past his painted lips and gave the base of that monstrous shaft a long, slow, loving lick, the twin silver studs that pierced the pink muscle dragging over the tender flesh deliciously.

"Awful quiet down there, boy." Leo's deep voice rumbled from above. Ben blinked in surprise, then suddenly felt a strong, calloused hand on his head, fingers weaving through his long aqua-blue hair then gripping firmly, turning his hair into a handle. "What's wrong, never seen a cock before?" Leo teased, gripping the base of his shaft with his other hand and angled it up, lifting its weight off the girly teen's face and letting the boy watch his hand pump along its length as it stiffened to full hardness.  

Ben moaned softly in disappointment as the cock pulled away. "Not... not like yours, Sir! Nothing like yours!" He gasped, his hands slowly, tentatively reaching up and grasping Leo's glorious shaft. It had seemed impossibly huge, laying on his face, but he had thought it may have been just a matter of perspective... but now, seeing his hands struggling to wrap around the monster's girth, it was clear that he was just absolutely fucking massive. The shaft was easily as long as his forearm, and that wasn't even counting the enormous crown on the end which was practically the size of his fist, and it was so fucking FAT! His pale fingers barely managed to wrap halfway around its girth, it felt almost as thick as a two-liter bottle, and it was covered in bulging, winding veins that pulsed beneath his fingers, reminding him that it was real, alive, not some silicone replacement that couldn't even measure up to the real thing.

"Oh? Why's that?" Leo taunted, still holding Ben's hair firmly, even as the slender teen squirmed on his knees, trying to push his face closer to Leo's massive member. "Tell me. Then keep talking. I like hearing it." Leo commanded.

Ben whimpered. "Because... because yours is so much BIGGER, sir! Your cock is so fucking HUGE! I've never seen anything like it! Not even in porn! No other cock could even compare! Certainly not my... my thing..." He added, shyly, biting his lip for a moment before trying to push forward again, but found himself still held in place by his hair. "Please, Sir, I... I need to worship it! Please, let me serve your cock!" He pleaded, desperately. 

Leo's cock throbbed in Ben's hands. "I have something better in mind." Leo said with a smirk as he pulled the blue-haired teen down and forward, burying the boy's face into his smooth-shaven sack, twin tennis-ball-sized nuts churning against his turquoise lips.

Ben moaned again, his nose buried in the base of Leo's massive sack, practically drowning in the alpha male's musky scent, and as his painted lips parted, one massive ball shifted into place, completely covering his mouth. Instinctively, ben went to work, working his lips and tongue over the hefty sphere, kissing, licking and sucking at the oversized orb in a wet, lustful kiss, its twin bouncing impatiently off his cheek. When it popped from his lips, the dark sphere now glistening with a coat of saliva and marked with smears of aqua lipstick, he twisted his head to the side and turned his attention to the other hefty orb, moaning as he lavished the smooth sphere with loving licks and peppered it with affectionate kisses. 

There was a heavy, blunt impact on his forehead, and Ben looked up, curious, only to see Leo watching him, hand still wrapped around his cock as he brought it down to smack against Ben's forehead once again. "Did I fucking SAY you could stop talking? I want to hear you begging for more every second your mouth isn't stuffed." He growled.

Ben shuddered again as he pulled his lips from the ball he was currently sucking. "I'm sorry, Sir! Please forgive me, I got distracted serving your big, fat balls! Thank you for letting me kiss your balls, Sir!" He moaned, kissing one churning ball to illustrate. "It's so... degrading... I love it. I would do this all night if you told me to, Sir. These... these are a MAN's balls... I... I may be a boy, but compared to you, Sir, I might as well be a girl. Do I look girly when I suck on your big, fat balls, Sir?" He asked, bright blue eyes shimmering hopefully as they looked up at Leo, past the massive black cock resting on his forehead.

The only answer Leo provided was a growl of lust as he held Ben's head in place by that soft blue hair and ground his hips forward, dragging his spit-soaked balls all across the teenage boy's face, smearing his carefully-applied makeup. Leo's head was spinning. This all felt... unreal. He'd never once found a guy attractive before, and when it came to sex, well, it had been a while since he'd had a partner, but his tastes were still generally pretty vanilla. And yet, as his daughter's boyfriend worshipped his cock, singing his praises while eagerly debasing and humiliating himself, he was more turned on than he had been in years. He felt almost drunk off the feeling of power it gave him, the feeling of control, of dominance. Something dark inside him, something vaguely sadistic that he'd never felt before spurred him on, drove him to play into the role of conquering, superior male that had been thrust upon him. 

Leo pulled Ben's head back, dragging the pale teen out from underneath his hefty balls. Ben gasped for air, face smeared with his own spit and ruined, glittery makeup, his hairless chest heaving, pierced nipples glinting in the light of the bedside lamp through the thin mesh of his cropped top, and Leo felt that darkness rise up within him again. Ben looked so... helpless, so pitiful, so... pathetic... but that just made him want to bully the boy more. Leo gripped the base of his shaft with one hand and swung it like a club, more than a foot of dark, meaty cock smacking him in the face with a satisfying 'thwap'. 

Ben moaned. "Fuck! It's so heavy!" He exclaimed as leo's shaft pulled away, only to swing down heavily into the teenager's upturned face with another smack. "Ohh, fuck!" He moaned, the beast swinging in again to smack across his other cheek, harder this time. "Yes! Please beat me with it, Sir! Beat my slutty, sissy face with your COCK!" Ben pleaded, soon rewarded with a cock-slap across the face so forceful it turned his head. "Yes! I'm a dirty, crossdressing sissy slut, I need to be punished!" Another cock-slap turned his head the other way, its impact leaving his cheek stinging. "Fuck, it's so fucking BIG and HEAVY, I might get a bruise! But don't stop! Use me like a punching bag for your cock, I don't care if you leave my face black and blue!" Ben pleaded, opening his mouth and letting his tongue loll out, a soft pink target for Leo to aim at with two silver barbells marking the bullseye.

Leo only delivered a couple more stinging cockslaps before he could no longer resist such an invitation. He brought his cock down on Ben's face one more time, laying his shaft across the boy's pale features, his girth completely covering one bright blue eye as he let the base of his cock rest upon the teenager's outstretched tongue. Ben shuddered as the salty, musky taste of Leo's glorious cock danced across his taste buds, but still he wasted no time in getting to work in servicing the object of his obsession, his tongue writhing against the thick tube that ran along its underside, pinned beneath the pillar of granite-hard cock. Slowly, Leo's hips began to pull back, dragging inch after inch of his shaft across the teenager's eager lips, and Ben desperately tried to show his gratitude for each inch, alternating between lavishing the mighty weapon with worshipful licks and planting hot, lustful kisses along its length, so intense they left little aqua-blue lipstick prints behind.

Soon, Leo's enormous cockhead rested on Ben's tongue, and the blue-haired boy's efforts to please him only intensified, his tongue swirling around the swollen tip, tasting the clear droplets of precum beading up at its slit, passionately kissing it again and again, his head twisting slightly as he lovingly made out with the tip of that glorious cock. "I love worshiping your cock, Sir!" Ben moaned between hungry kisses. "A real man's cock... I love the way it feels on my tongue... I love the way it tastes... I love knowing I helped make it this hard..." He purred, pausing between each declaration of love to demonstrate his affection by kissing and licking at the glistening crown once again.

Leo's calloused hand still held Ben by the hair, keeping his head mostly still as his hips reversed direction, pushing forward until the dark, throbbing cockhead pressed against the slender, pale teen's aqua-blue lips. Ben blinked, surprised by the sudden shift, then let out a soft whimper as he realized what it meant. He stared down the mighty shaft poised against his lips with awe, its fearsome length covered with bulging, winding veins that throbbed in time with Leo's pounding heartbeat, the fist-sized crown now pushing against his lips, stretching them wider to accommodate its sheer girth. His wide eyes swept upward, taking in the older man's powerful chest, broad shoulders, and the massively muscular arms that held both his head and that monstrous cock in place, before finding Leo's face. 

Ben had watched the way Leo looked at him change many times through the years. He'd seen surprise, annoyance, disdain, pity, kindness, and even acceptance in those soulful chestnut-brown eyes. But in this moment, he saw a look he'd never seen before. There was determination there, and a glint of sadistic glee, but mostly, it was a look of... hunger. A ravenous hunger, raw, primal desire, a furious, bestial lust that burned in his eyes and demanded to be satisfied. As he looked up into those eyes, burning with desire, he felt a shiver run down his spine, but not one of fear... a shiver of anticipation for what would come next.