 Having discovered our totally unexpected yet deep sexual interest in each other, Dave and I slept the sleep of the dead that night. Totally sated sexually, we collapsed into the same double bunk but other than a quick good night to each other, we made no further contact until we awoke next morning about 7.00 am.

A gloriously warm day was in the making and in our secluded part of the Bay; we leapt over the side like a couple of kids, totally naked and exhilarating in what we would be doing for the remainder of our time together. There was a high sexual tension between us and this was evidenced when during our horse play, we both realized we were sporting two pretty serious erections when we came into contact with each.

In waist high water, we came close together and groped for each other's cocks, there was no reluctance or embarrassment as we were totally confident in what we had done the previous day and what we would be doing to each other during the rest of the time together. I had not been all that keen on the kissing bit as I figured this was a pretty "gay" thing for two guys to do but for some reason as we stood face to face with each other, slowly stroking each other's pricks in the warm salt water, it seemed to be the most natural thing in the world to do; just coming together for a soft, sensuous and deep warm kiss.

We sucked each others tongues and pressed our throbbing cocks against each other and as Dave started to breathe kind of quickly, it soon became obvious that we would be skipping breakfast on the boat in favour of some serious sex on the nearby white sandy beach!

We both staggered from the water and had a great laugh as we watched out cocks streaming with water and looking anything but sensual!! We collapsed down on the soft powder white sand on our backs and I had not even got settled before Dave was taking my prick into his hand and starting to jerk me off in a no nonsense fashion. Men know how to jack off and that is what I was soon appreciating as I was on the receiving end of a great hand job. Dave made sure that every stroke had my foreskin rubbing over the engorged head of my prick and I knew this vigorous sort of pulling would have me squirting a heap of cum juice pretty soon.

He moved up slightly and started to suck my nipples gently but firmly. I have never had very sensitive nipples but now in a highly aroused state felt a thrill that made me thrust against his mouth and grasp his hand as he continued to rapidly pull me off. This was not going to last long – both of us just wanted it right there and right then – as he increased the tempo I grabbed his head between my hands and kissed him so deeply and sensuously that it was the end of me. I exploded cum in what felt like a huge jet as he unmercifully continued to stroke my prick but now in longer and slower movements as my juices covered his hand and all over my prick.

He gently eased down in his stroking and knew that the exquisite feeling that a man feels after coming can also produce an untouchable feeling as well. He balanced the two nicely and slowly drained every drop of cum from my still engorged prick – God, it seemed to go on forever and ever, just slow soft wet and gentle caresses and on every stroke I am sure a new supply of cum was pulled from my shaft!

With a long, slow last suck on my prick, we swam back to the boat and set up a great breakfast (naked) and luxuried in the magnificent day and the ever present knowledge that we would be spending most of our time exploring new and exciting ways of pleasuring each other.

Having been totally drained of cum by Dave's early morning jerk, I tried to devise something that would be totally different for him and have him begging for more. Not highly experienced in this newly discovered male male thing, I finally came up with what I thought might be the ideal "punishment" for him!!

The back bed on the boat was big enough for both of us and with room to spare, so after clearing the decks so to speak, I told Dave that he was "all mine" for the rest of the morning. I made him lie down on his back and using some soft rope tied his arms fully outstretched and then did the same to his legs but raised them both high up in the air and well apart so he was not only completely helpless but totally exposed for anything I wished to do to him - that I was already working on!! I slipped a pillow or two around him to make sure he was comfortable and not in any discomfort.

The blindfold completed the whole project!!

I have a device on the boat for getting the hooks out of fish when they swallow it. It is a ten inch long piece of smooth plastic rod with a small half inch knob on one end and an inch wide knob on the other. The knobs are covered in long parallel slits and the trick is that the line is placed into one of the slits and the knob stuffed down the throat of the fish til it meets the hook whereupon a slight twist and out comes the line and hook in one piece.

Making sure it was clean, I applied some suntan oil to the smaller end and ever so gently touched Dave's suspended arse with the knob. A charge of 20,000 volts up his ring would have probably achieved the same response as he jerked wildly but, more the satisfying, immediately started to push against the rod. Slipping the small oiled end in was simple and in an instant I had the knob just resting inside his tight arsehole. Rather than shove it completely in, I put the main rod between both hands and rolled it quickly between both palms in a twisting motion. 

For a moment I thought I had killed him! He moaned, twitched and his arse actually pulled the rod from my hands as he lunged about. He later told me that the sensation of this ribbed knob spinning about in his arse was almost unbearable!! Good – more to come! Keeping the same motion going, I pressed the whole length of the rod deep into his arse. I was maintaining a hell of a good speed with the spinning technique and his "ahhhhhhhhhhhs" and "ooohhhhhhhhhs" were confirmation that this was one hell of an experience for him – and me too I guess. I had a great view of his arsehole and was fascinated to see his sphincter muscles clenching and clamping onto the rod – like he was eating it!

Working the rod out of his arse, I oiled the much larger end and reinserted it into his waiting hole. By now Dave was thrusting and pushing against my hands so hard it was getting difficult to maintain the spinning action he loved. This much bigger end must have hit more of his internal nerves and muscles as he suddenly stiffened and let out a long slow sigh that could only have come from total ecstasy – I hoped! Obviously he also had a raging erection and I had no trouble taking this into my mouth while I drilled, reamed and fucked his arse with my rod. I guess his day was pretty well complete! With wild sensations in his arsehole and my sucking madly on his prick, he was lunging against the ropes and thrusting both his cock and his arse at me in feverish attempts for some kind of release. No way!

I intended to keep this going for much longer yet before I drained his cum from him, if at all!

When I quickly pulled the rod from his twitching arsehole he said "no please Mate, put something in me again". Yeh right, I reckon I had just the thing for him – my prick for starters. Oiling up the shaft I positioned the end of it on his arsehole and in one huge lunging thrust shoved the entire 6.786758" into him! Jesus Christ, his muscles clamped onto me soooooo tightly that I thought he was going to tear my cock from my body. I stayed perfectly still and watched as his face contorted in ecstasy from the feeling of being fucked. Ever so slowly I pulled my prick from deep in his arse and could see his apparent disappointment as the feeling of fullness disappeared. Sensing his needs, I quickly commenced a series of long and deep thrusts into his arse and also applied some more oil to my shaft as it appeared and disappeared into his waiting arsehole. 

Loving the noise of a good squishy fuck, this produced some serious sucking and squelching noises as I fucked him harder and harder. Dave pulled mightily against his bonds but I had him where I wanted him and there was no escape from my plundering his arse! 

With his huge erection looking me in the face I wondered if it would be possible to also suck him off while I was fucking him....! I soon realized that it was impossible as no matter how hard I tried I could just not reach his cock whilst sinking my own into his depths – a compromise was needed! I quickly and suckingly pulled my cock from his arsehole and simultaneously swooped onto his prick and took as much of it in my mouth as possible. This unexpected change of course caught him by surprise and just as he was getting the feel of my diligent sucking, I reversed positions and went back to a hard and sudden impaling of his arsehole from my cock. I kept this sucking and fucking rhythm up for some time and it was obviously too much for Dave as he started to anticipate each changeover and was thrusting his hips and lunging at me with his cock so wildly I was having some difficulty keeping the act together!

"Mate please please fuck me now" he begged and not needing any invitation, I plugged his arsehole yet again and this time began some serious fucking. My prick felt about ten inches long and I sighed in pleasure with the tightness of it all and his muscles squeezing and clenching me all the time. I could not take this too much longer and with one mighty lunge jammed the very last inch of me deep into him as I felt hot cum squirting up my prick and jetting deep inside him. Dave felt me coming and lunged wildly against me as squirt after hot squirt spurted into his hot and twitching arsehole. God Almighty I have never had such an intense orgasm in my entire life. I felt weak and half ready to faint! Dave was looking at me and said "did you know that you looked like you were in serious pain just then?" Must have been the intensity of the orgasm I figured.

Easing my prick from his reluctant arsehole, I collapsed onto the bunk whereupon Dave told me he had never in his entire life experienced anything like the sensations I had inflicted on him – and he hadn't even cum yet! I think I was getting good at this sort of thing!

Pretty exhausted from this experience, we plunged into the water and mucked about as guys do for quite awhile, did some naked sunbaking and returned on board for some great cold beer. Of course in the back of my mind I knew Dave had "something" planned for me as he kept looking at me with a knowing grin on his face! 

Soon after lunch when we were in a semi asleep mood on the now infamous rear bunk, Dave turned to me and said "Mark would you let me make love to you just like you were a woman? I want to kiss you, hold you and fuck you on top!"

Bloody hell, I was not too sure about this as whilst the kissing bit was certainly a turn on I was not sure just how this would progress. But of course I said "OK Mate, just use me as your bitch!"

He immediately lay down beside me on the bed and embracing me in his arms, commenced the most soft and gentlest of kissing I had ever experienced. We sucked each others tongues, lips and revelled in the softness and wetness of it all. I kind of figured that Dave wanted me to role play a soft, maybe timid, effeminate and submissible type of woman and accordingly I let him make all the moves and made him work that little bit harder .......................

Confirmation of this was that he would not touch my engorged prick at all but instead started to gently probe and play about my arsehole instead. I got into the role playing act a bit and started to moan a little, press against his fingers and generally put on a performance as I hoped a woman would. I held his face in my hands, kissed him deeply and suckingly held his hand on my arse so he knew I wanted more.

His erection was seriously huge by now but I was not going to be the good wife or lover who went down on him! He was in control and I was his slave, he could do with me as he wished. I held his prick in my hands but deliberately kept from stimulating him too much. My developing plan was to tantalize, taunt and frustrate him rather than being a slut of a wife for him. This was obviously working as he was getting very aroused and starting to handle me pretty roughly in his attempts to get me to suck him or play with his cock – I just held back that little bit to keep tantalizing him.

And it was working sure as hell! Dave was now extremely aroused and using our ever present bottle of suntan lotion started applying copious amounts to my arsehole and all over his prick. I had a fair idea of what he wanted to do but continued to play my hold-back and timid role. When he put my hand on his prick I simply removed it again and this continued to build his sexual frustration to a peak. It came as no surprise to me when he suddenly rolled me over, pulled my legs apart and very very aggressively tried to fuck me with no further ado.

I was having no part of that and fairly easily kept moving out of reach of his thrusting cock. He caught me with his fingers and immediately plunged two as far up my arsehole as he could. I thrust against him, clamped down on them and rotated my hips to let him know that I was certainly enjoying it in spite of my reservations.

Dave was through playing and pulling my legs up over his shoulders, he pretty well raped me on the spot. I kept saying "No Dave, please, it will hurt, I don't want it – not yet..... wait a little longer".

This was not going to happen as he was in such a sexual state and with no further ado he placed his huge helmet against my wet and slipper arsehole and with one mighty lunge totally impaled me to the hilt with his massive cock – and this time it did hurt – a lot actually! I genuinely tried to pull away from him as he felt like a log and was jamming himself as deeply as humanely possible into my quivering arsehole. This was rape in every sense of the word but deep down I knew I had encouraged it through my hold back attitude and had to now see it through.

Dave started to plunge his huge prick in and out of me and in spite of the receding pain I started to respond to his thrusts by lunging against him and saying "fuck me you bastard - fuck me hard and deep. Oh yeh, more and more please....!" Of course I was putting this on purely for his benefit but he was so into the rape mode that it simply goaded him on and his long, swooping and sucking thrusts into my trembling arsehole became faster and faster as he headed towards climax.

I wrapped my legs about his waist and twitched and writhed like I hoped a woman in the peaks of passion would do – it must have been damn good as he towered over me and kept looking down to watch his prick emerging from my arse before he plunged it back in again and again and again......

I was really starting to love this whole act and sensing his imminent cumming, pulled his face to mine, kissed him deeply and thrust my tongue down his throat. 

That did the trick; he mashed his mouth into mine, gave one huge lunge into my arse and spurted what seemed like an endless stream of hot cum into me. I genuinely – no faking – clamped onto his prick, bit down on him with every muscle my arsehole could muster and felt every single jet of his cum as he emptied himself into my arsehole! What had started as a bit of a game for me had turned into an incredibly erotic experience – I knew that I just loved being raped and fucked – I was hooked and Dave would always know that – I guess I was a slut! Yeh!

He raised himself onto his hands and looking down at me said "Mark, I have had lots of fucks in my life but that was the most awesomely incredible one ever – unbelievable! You were fantastic!"

Damn right, both of us had gone one level higher in our exploration of each other and I was immediately wondering just what other delights we could perform/inflict on each other with our remaining three days on the boast – but I had an idea!