 By the time I was 18 I had been dressing in my mom's lingerie for a few years. I had always liked to sneak into her room when she was out and try on her panties, bras, and other assorted lingerie. Her pantyhose were always my favorite though, they felt amazing on my slight, nearly hairless legs.

As my passion for wearing pantyhose grew, I took to keeping a pair in my car and going for drives, changing into them and driving around for hours. After a while I'd end up pulling over and jerking off in the car.

On this particular day I headed off on one of my drives. On a back road I pulled over, slipped off my pants and slid into my pantyhose. Putting my pants back on, I continued my drive. I ended up by my school, taking the way home my bus used to drive, I drove passed a small block building. There was a store there that always caught my eye, Charlton Book and Video, there was always a glowing neon open sign on, but it always seemed closed, black curtained windows and never any cars there. The sign was on so I decided to see what the deal was.

I pulled up to the store, got out and walked to the door. A sign on the door read 'Adult Material 18 and over ID's required'. This piqued my interest, I walked in. I stepped into a dimly lit room, the soft glow of the florescent bulbs outlined shelves of movies and magazines. Walking closer I saw they were all pornos.

"Hey kid. I need an I.D.," a voice called from behind me. Turning around to look, I saw a high counter, with an older man sitting behind it. "I.D. please," he asked again. I reached for my wallet, handed him my license.

"You look younger than 18, had to be sure," he handed me back my I.D. I took it and went back to staring at the videos and magazines.

It was a small store, the register counter took up half a wall, the rest filled with a magazine rack. The far wall was filled with toys and other product. The wall to my left was shelves filled with videos and a curtained doorway. The center of the store had a couple of spinning rack with videos and magazines. I ventured over to the magazines, pouring over them I saw all kinds of things I had never seen. Porn to me, in my limited scope, was Penthouse, Playboy, and the mild softcore on the pay cable channels.

These racks had everything, gays, lesbians, transsexuals, real hardcore stuff. I looked over all of them, my cock growing harder than ever. I looked over the toys and made my way to the videos. Wow, I had never seen anything like this before. Walking to the videos a man walked from behind the curtain, head down and straight out the door.

I saw more light behind the curtain and walked through. Even more dimly lit than the main store, the only light coming from a lighted poster box. The small room was pretty much a hallway, three doors running down either side. I walked to the light box,behind the glass were numbered video boxes. All of them were porn. I looked down the hall, all the doors were slightly ajar. I walked down peeking in the first door, inside the small closet was a tv and a chair. A small sign read "Quarters only" below it, a coin slot.

I couldn't resist, reaching in my pocket I pulled out a quarter and dropped it in, the tv came on and I was rewarded with a porn. Some blonde getting screwed by a big dicked stud. There was a dial to left at the bottom of the screen, I turned it, the movie changed. More of the same, I flipped through the channels, all fucking. I flipped through again, slowly this time, stopping to get a good look at what was showing. I stopped on a channel, two guys outside, one on all fours the other behind him humping away.

This was a huge turn on for me. Sometimes, while dressed, I used to fantasize about being with a guy. Here it was playing out on the screen in front of me. The screen went black, I quickly fished out more quarters and fed them in. I needed to see how this played out. I watched in amazement, I was so hard, slipped my hand into my pants, playing with my cock, slowly stroking over my pantyhose.

I heard what sounded like a shutting door from the room next to mine, I thought nothing of it wrapped up in the video playing. My pants were pulled down, I sat with my hose covered cock in hand. A small movement caught my eye, looking where I thought it came from I noticed a hole in the wall. The light from the screen barely lit the corner where the hole was.

A finger came through, I froze. What was that?! The finger wagged, tapping the edge of the hole. I pulled my pants up, panicking I zipped up while getting out of the booth. I walked out of the hall and into the store, heading for the exit.

Locked! The door didn't move to my push. What the hell was going on I thought to myself.

"Liked what you saw in there did you?" the clerk said stepping from behind the curtain.

"I get a lot of you guys coming in here all the time," he added.

I didn't know what to say, I stammered out a quiet "Yes."

"It's fine you know, there's nothing wrong with it. People like what they like, nothing to be ashamed of."

I shook my head in agreement. "Yeah. you're right," I said.

He walked to me "Have you ever done it?" he asked.

"N-no," not knowing what else to say.

"Sure looked like fun didn't it? I know it can be a lot of fun," he said, standing right in front of me. He reached out for my crotch, I flinched back, stopped by the locked door.

"It's okay," he said in a reassuring voice. His hand caressing the front of my jeans, "That feels good huh?"

As scared as I was I had to admit it did. I nodded yes, my mouth dry.

"Touch mine, see if you like it."

My hand shaking I reached out to his crotch, palming the front of his pants. I felt his semi hard cock through the material. "Mmmmmm... " he moaned. "Your hand feels good, don't be shy, if it feels good keep going."

I had to admit, I liked it. He stepped back. "Let me make it easier for you," he unbuttoned his pants. Pulling them down, I saw his bulge hiding behind his underwear. He pushed his underwear down, his cock flopped out, semi rigid hanging slightly to the left. It wasn't a very big cock, maybe 5 inches, but I was transfixed. "Go ahead, touch it if you want. I can tell you want to."

Compelled, I reached out, my hand brushing against him. I held his member softly in my hand.

"Jesus! I'm touching another man's cock!" I thought. I couldn't get over this. I was terrified and wildly excited at the same time.

"Why don't you take your clothes off too?" he asked me.

"I've never done this before, I don't think I can," I said. 

"You can, and you should. I'm not letting you out unless you do. If that will help make up your mind." I couldn't tell if he was teasing or threatening me.

Well, I guess that's that, I thought. "Okay," I said as I took off my coat and pulled off my shirt. I unbuttoned my jeans pulling down my pants and pantyhose.

"Leave those on boy," the clerk said, nodding to my hose, "You look good them."

"Uh, okay," I said shyly.

He stripped and stepped back to me. He put his hands on my chest and felt me up, his hand drifting to my waist and thighs. His hands were very soft and warm, they felt good as he caressed me. My cock growing harder at his touch. I looked at his now hard cock standing at attention.

"Lick it," he whispered to me.

His hands on my shoulders, pushing me to my knees.

On my knees, his cock front and center. It was much more impressive up close, a nice thick shaft, nicely veined. A nice fat mushroomed head all ending at the base in a nice tuft of white pubic hair. Mesmerized I gently held his shaft, my tongue coming out to lick his velvety head. It felt right on my tongue, a slight saltiness to it. I licked some more and took him in my mouth. His thick shaft filling my mouth easily. I went down more taking him fully in my mouth, my nose buried in his muff, his musky scent filling my nostrils.

"Aaahhhhh..." I heard him sigh. "Nicely done, your mouth feels good on my cock boy."

I moaned in acknowledgement. His cock felt great in my mouth. How could something feel so right? I had never felt this before. I delighted in his cock, working my mouth up and down his shaft, savoring every inch of it. Feeling hot knowing I'm blowing this old man, kneeling before him in my pantyhose. My swollen cock leaking precum, a giant wet spot forming across my hose. I continued to suck him, stopping to stroke his shaft. I let my tongue lick his balls, feeling his soft scrotum skin.

"Yeah, that's it... lick my balls boy."

I licked them hungrily, loving the feel of them. My hand stroking him faster.

"Put me back in your mouth boy, I need your hot mouth on my cock," he demanded.

I greedily complied. Taking him fully in me again. I felt his hands on my head, he held me still and started humping his cock in my mouth. It slid in and out, slick from my saliva, faster and faster. He was moaning loudly now, "Yeah!! Oooohhh, you feel so good boy." 

In and out he went. He pumped in one last time, holding my head firmly to his crotch. I couldn't move, his cock twitched sending his seed down my throat. I gagged, choking, trying to pull back. I couldn't, he held firm, sent spurt after spurt down my throat. I coughed and gagged sending some of his spunk running down my chin. He released my head, I fell back against the door, hacking, trying breath in air.

"That was good boy. You sure know how to work a cock."

I sat there, breathing evenly now. My hair a mess from his hands, his coughed up cum dripping from my chin. Backed against the door, my legs splayed in front of me, my own cock still quite hard. Despite all of this I felt great, knowing what my mouth had done. I thanked him for the compliment. 

"Just doing what I thought you might like," I said to him.

"You've done quite well," he replied "Looks like you could use some relief too," he noted looking at my hard cock.

"That would be great," I answer looking forward to what he would do to me.

"Well, here, take these," he said handing me some quarters. "You know what to do in the booths, make it quick though, almost closing time."