 The next day as I walked to John's house I began to imagine the events that would soon unfold. I had visions of his hard cock thrusting into my mouth as I made every attempt to take it all in. I replayed in my head different techniques that I would try--things I imagined would enjoy having done to me. As I arrived at his door, I realized I had a raging hard-on myself. I had gotten really aroused fantasizing about sucking his cock again.

John answered the door and let me in. I quickly noticed he had a friend over. This was a friend who must have dropped by and didn't realize John had other plans already.

"This is Jeff, my betting connection," John said. Seeing the confused look on my face, he continued, "Jeff wanted to know why I was not able to pay him in full, since I've never been late. I told him the story and he decided he wanted to come and see for himself."

"I thought we were going to keep this just between us," I said.

"Don't worry, Jeff will be cool about it. He just wants to watch. I told him that was cool with me." John paused for a moment to size up my response and then continued, "I'm ready to get started. I've been horny all day, looking forward to this."

With that, he got up and headed toward his room. As he reached me on his way, he grabbed my hand by the wrist and gave me a gentle pull to encourage me to come along. Jeff followed us into the room.

"Lie down on the bed," John commanded. I got on the bed, lying on my back with my head on a couple of pillows. Jeff climbed on the bed and straddled his legs over me, scooting his way up until he was close to my face. "Unzip my pants and take my cock out," he again ordered.

I reached for his jeans and after unbuttoning and unzipping them I pulled them down close to his knees, about as far as they would go since they were stretched by his legs being spread apart. He had no underwear on and his dick was already pretty hard. His pushed his hips forward, moving his cock toward my mouth and said, "Now suck it."

I moved my head forward to meet his arriving cock head and opened my mouth to take in the head. The skin was soft and it was pleasurable to have this nice dick in my mouth. I began stroking my tongue on the underside of his cock, just below the head where it's very sensitive. John moaned and responded by pushing his tool further into my mouth. I reached up with my hands and grabbed his ass cheeks with each one, partly to hold on and partly to encourage him to fuck my mouth.

I began pushing his ass toward my mouth, but it only took a couple of times before John realized what I was signaling. John know began the thrusting, pushing his cock all the way into my mouth, until my lips just about reached the base of his shaft. My throat was a little unprepared to meet the head of his shaft and I had a slight gag reflex, but I instinctively managed to relax and allow his cock all the way in.

John began to pick up his rhythm and started to fuck my mouth rather furiously, like it was his best pussy. I tried to do my part, sucking and tonguing the best I could, but he was in control now.

Then John grabbed the back of my head with his hands and thrust my head forward into his pelvis. He held it there for a second or two and pushed my head back again, only to push me onto his cock again. He began to moan loudly each time he did this. I could tell he was about to come. I pushed my tongue into his cock to tighten the friction as he fucked my face.

This sent him over the top, as he cried out, "Oh, yeah!" and began a series of short, quick half-thrusts into my mouth. I felt his warm cum shoot into my mouth, landing on my tongue and into my throat. With each thrust that followed he unloaded stream after stream of cum, probably about eight or ten shots. I sucked and swallowed as much as I could to keep up, savoring the taste.

John pulled out and climbed off me to lay on the bed next to me. "Oh, yeah, that was great, even better than yesterday," he said, rather exhaustedly.

"That was hot," Jeff said, reminding me that he was there, too. In all my attention that I had given to John's cock, I had just about forgotten he was there. "That got me pretty turned on. Do you think I could get a blowjob, too?" he asked.

Before I could answer, John answered for me. "Go ahead, I don't mind, I'm spent." Truth be told, I might have feigned an objection, but inside I was willing to suck another cock, even if I was starting to become a blowjob slut.

Jeff took his pants off and assumed the same position that John had just minutes before. I started more slowly with his cock, giving good attention to it, licking up and down the shaft to get it nice and lubricated with my saliva. I took just the head into my mouth and worked my tongue up and down the shaft area just around the head. I then alternated by turning my head sideways so that I could run my tongue all the way down his shaft from the head to the base without actually putting his cock in my mouth. 

Jeff's cock responded by hardening to it's full stiffness, probably some seven inches and nearly as thick as a toilet paper tube. His cock was circumcised and quite nice looking as well. I moved back to take his dick into my mouth again and Jeff responded by pushing his hips forward, meeting my thrusts with his own. However, his pace was slow and methodic, as it seemed he wanted to enjoy each penetration into my warm mouth. I responded by paying extra attention with my tongue, swirling it around his thick shaft.

His cock was about all I could take in thickness, as I nearly had to stretch my mouth open wide to fit it in. This was certainly no concern of Jeff as with each thrust he pushed his way further into my mouth, eventually meeting my lips with the base of his shaft. His strokes were such a slow pace that I had to take care to relax my throat not to gag on his large member. He moaned with each push into the warm, moist opening I offered him.

After a bit I noticed he started to pick up the pace. His thrusting became more eager when he said, "Oh, yeah, suck my cock. Make me cum. I want you to take all of my cum!" I moaned at hearing that, my voice acting like a vibrator for his tool pushing and thrusting it's way into my mouth and throat. In a moment, I heard him say, "Oh, yeahhhh," timed simultaneously with the first shot of his man-load into my mouth. I eagerly tasted it to compare with John's.

With each thrust more and more of his load came into my mouth. I'm sure it wasn't that much, but it seemed like a huge load. I had to swallow several times to keep up with the flow he offered. His tasted different than John's, not really better or worse. I liked them both.

Jeff pulled out and fell back on the bed, spent and satisfied. "Man, that was great," he said. "I could go for that every day."

"If it will pay back my debt faster, I don't mind at all," I said. Truth be told, I probably would have been willing to service him anyway.

"I guess we'll both see you tomorrow," Jeff said.