 I don't see any shame in admitting bisexuality. The truth of the matter is, I find women attractive, and sex with them highly pleasurable. In fact I'm thinking about them and it most of the time, like most guys. But recently, and essentially through my exposure to more, harder and more varied porn I started to wonder. And then I started to really think ... and then I began to positively desire. After being exposed to first Transsexual porn, and then naturally Gay porn, and most enjoyable of all Bisexual porn ... I felt I had to know and had to experience another penis. 

A hard, throbbing, pulsating, giant orgasmotronic COCK. In my hand, in my mouth, dare I say it even knocking my anal virginity for 6 and fucking me like a whore.

What' it like to hold one? What's it like to feel it stiffen under a velvety touch? What does it taste like? What does such a thing feel like expanding in your mouth? What does warm wonderful flesh feel like slowly hardening in your mouth as you brush it with your teeth, suck it with your lips, and tease it with your tongue? And, Jesus, what's it like when another man, reaching his peak, bursting his balls, shooting his stuff, cumming bucketloads of his hot wonderful cream right there in your eager hard working mouth ... right down your throat, all over your tongue, overflowing your lips and coating your chin and face ... what's that like? Good Lord, wha's that like?

I had to know ... having seen men, transvestites, women, transsexuals all enjoying being on the receiving end of cock ... and how many in those movies enjoy it so much, sucking it, taking it, feeling its might and swallowing its stuff ... 

Suffice to say, my basic general feeling towards women intact, my more base and perverted side that enjoyed ladyboy porn, that enjoyed watching boys fuck boys, that side of me suddenly and irrepressibly HAD TO KNOW. HAD TO KNOW COCK. Had to touch it to feel it, to taste it, to suck it, oh God to swallow its stuff and more than that, fuck, take it all the way, take it right up the arse. 

Anyway, first things first. 

No need to go crazy. 

How on Earth to you go about something like this? It came quite easily actually. You see I'd been catching my bi and gay videos on the sly at porno stores with booths. Eager for more and better stuff one day (and not really thinking about my own personal cock sucking fantasies, that only happens when I have the horn) I just popped into a porno store that was specifically GAY, hoping to find a top selection of bi and tranny stuff, and failing that I figured I'd find a good selection of the hardest gay porn there was, this being what the patrons to such a place are after.

So I payed my $10 for the movies and up I went having been passed with a knowing smile a sachet of lube and a condom. Well I could figure the lube out, but who needs protection just to take a wank? 

I'm not naive by any stretch of the imagination but I soon found out what the condom was for if you feeling really horny up there! There were 8 or so booths at the top of the stairs and between each booth was a hole cut out at exactly crotch height! Wow!

Anyway within minutes of locking myself in my booth I'd found the hardest of the 6 or so programmes, 2 guys really going at it, HARD at it - the guy on the giving end had upwards of 9 inches pretty thick, and the guy on the receiving end was clearly enjoying it, shuddering with each re-entry, and beating his rock hard seeping 7 & 1/2 inches like mad ... his sighs and gasps sounded as if they felt wonderful. Soon he was cumming ... and shooting his load far, really far, like you do when your orgasm is at your most intense, he blows his load all over himself, up as far as his chest and almost to his chin, in 5 or 6 spurts, his whole body shaking. Seconds later his lover pulls out of that well punished arsehole and starts to cum too - the other guy cradling his sac and fondling his balls - shooting his stuff all over the other's softening sick and sweating body ... man I wish he'd cum on his face, they never seem to do that in these vids, they love to suck but they so rarely let it in or even near their mouths. It really turns me on when you do see that ... 

This one vid I saw once I don't think the guy planned to shoot off when he did, right in his lover's mouth ... seeing him spit it out back on to the guy's dick in semi disgust REALLY turned me on. I don't know why. But damn, it looked good. 

Anyway ... I'd only been in their 5 minutes and I REALLY had the horn after seeing these two guys spurt in unison on the video, and I thought about my fantasy again. I opened the door and there was a guy just behind me, looking in the opposite booth, not beating off, but with a hard on for sure. I had my dick away but obviously pretty hard, and just plumped up and asked him, figuring a guy would only have the horn for gay videos if he was at the very least curious about the goings on. 

"Not trying to be funny or anything, but you ever let another guy suck you off?"

He barely looked at me when he turned around, but he took his hard on out almost straight away - and there it was at last, right in front of my face, 6 1/2 inches or so of another man's penis. I took a hold of it in my hand, so warm, and led him/was led into his booth, and dropped to my knees and pretended I knew what I was doing.

I took it in my mouth and, even though I'd not really given it that much thought, it tasted sort of how I'd expected it too - musty, sweaty, masculine, but above all strangely sweet. What I knew instantly that it was very enjoyable. Here I was on my knees on the floor of a gay porno haven with another man's hard and eager dick in my mouth. I loved the sensation ... I was really enjoying exploring this. I licked and sucked on the head, took it into my mouth so I had my lips halfway down the shaft, feeling the head at the back of my throat (if that's deep throating, I'll stick with sucking), teased my tongue into the eye and all around the base of the head, played with the warm and sticky balls, wow it was wonderful. My first taste. 

Soon he pulled away from me though and asked if I'd like to be sucked. Oh, God yes. Even if he'd offered first and I hadn't come for that, who'd turn down a blow job?

He was good, and I was very, very horny. I've never felt such a hot and wanting mouth from any woman, and I've known some which give very good head. This guy had me off almost straight away, such a warm mouth sucking so hard, such a smooth tongue rolling around my head. I told him I was coming and he didn't stop. He didn't stop sucking me and I was coming, oh God I was coming in his mouth ... 

Shooting off my wad, which seeing as how horny I was was a pretty big load, I must have shot 4 times into this guy's eager waiting, obviously very experienced mouth. My cream right into him, all over his tongue, him tasting MY STUFF and swallowing every last drop. Jesus, it was fantastic. The first time anyone has ever swallowed my stuff (I know that, unfortunately, its just not the done thing) ... and its a guy. A perverted and very good cocksucker, and a guy. I was shaking like crazy. I had just had just about the best orgasm I could remember, and it was blasting off down another guy's throat. WOW. 

I sort of mumbled thank you and wandered off in a daze back to my booth and sat down to see if another bit of hard porn would get my spent dick excited again. I watched semi aware of what was going on on the video - a 3some between 3 guys supposedly in the military, 2 taking turns on this one guy's well pounded ass while he beats himself and sucks off the other. Fantastic stuff, after getting pounded by one then the other, then the first guy again, he shoots off with a cry of some sort, shooting all over himself. The guy at the top end comes all over his face, and then the guy doing the 3rd lot of hammering pounds even harder and faster and then blows off all over his asshole and very parted butt cheeks. Superb ... I love it when they come on the face and on the ass. 

... but then I notice my friend's face is at the hole between mine and the booth next door. He wants to suck my dick again! But I ask him if I can suck him off again first, and his dick, soft this time, is at the hole. Its only been 10 minutes or so and I'm not hard again ... looks like he's finished himself off in his booth in the meantime. I take him in my mouth, different this time, sweatier, and another taste too, yes he's definitely cum watching a video! Wow ... I didn't stop to think about what a dirty little slut I was. I can taste the remnants in his hole and its wonderful, but I just love to suck on it ... WOW its going HARD, actually IN MY MOUTH, its a wonderful sensation, and I suck harder, I want to be good and I want to thank him for such a wonderful orgasm earlier, but also I have come to find that I really like doing this, its much nicer than having your face down in pussy, not that I don't like that, but WOW a good hard cock is a lot nicer and somehow more erotic too ... but again he soon takes it away from me. I know what he wants. 

I put my crotch at the hole, and I'm completely soft, barely dangling because of the shrinking. Oh, not so proud now. But he takes me in tender fingers and soft lips and soon I'm hot and flustered, hard and ready. Jesus, but he's good. Such experience, probably natural talent too, and it only takes a few minutes. 

I'M COMING AGAIN! IN HIS MOUTH! COMING AGAIN, SHOOTING OFF RIGHT INTO THE BACK OF HIS THROAT, WOW! I SHUDDER AND FIRE OFF A MASSIVE SALVO, AMAZING MYSELF SO SOON AGAIN, AND AGAIN IT FLOWS RIGHT DOWN MY SHAFT PAST HIS LIPS AND ROLLS OVER HIS TONGUE AND BEFORE IT FILLS HIS MOUTH, DISAPPEARING DOWN HIS THROAT, EVERY LAST DROP ... 

I never saw him again, but I went back many times to that place, sometimes it was empty, and I just got my money's worth watching mainly gay and occasionally when I'm lucky bisexual videos, occasionally among the 6 there's a transexual video, sometimes your bog standard hard slamming straight gang bang video, but mainly gay. Its a gay store after all. 

Sometimes I got more than my money's worth and got my dick sucked, or got to suck some dick - I think timid/curious (bi)straight guys go there too, cos some of them like to get sucked but don't return the favour. Its sad because they don't know what they are missing. 

This is a true story - this really happened, and while I was in that city I went to that store a lot, my girlfriend never knew. I'm bi or straight, I like women more than ever. But I know there's more to sex than just what you can do with women, and I love to suck dick. I never swallowed another man's stuff while I was there (would you swallow a stranger's semen in a porno booth?!?) and my anal virginity is sort of intact ... you can't count dildo's or butt-plugs (that's another story) so I'm far from done yet. 

Once, far away, I was lucky enough to meet a virgin, someone you know is completely clean, and I got to taste what comes at the end of the blow job. 

But that, too, is another story.