 I had just begun to go to an adult bookstore not too far from where I live. At the age of forty, I was getting urges for other men. I am not sure how it happened, but I would see a guy walking down the street with a large bulge in his pants. It turned me on, I have to admit.

I would go into one of the small booths at this particular bookstore and stroke myself until I came, all the while watching the gay videos being shown. 

On one Saturday I was in the bookstore, my pants were down and I had been rubbing my cock, making it erect. The door of my booth opening and in walked a man. He was on the short side, dark, and looked to be Hispanic. 

There isn't much room in these booths, you can barely turn around in them, we were almost touching. I looked over my shoulder to see him dropping his pants to the floor. I had been watching a particularly hot gay video, when I felt him reach around me and take hold of my cock.

He started to stroke me as he pressed his body close to mine. To say I wasn't getting worked up would hardly be true. I could feel his cock rubbing up and down my asscrack. I didn't think I was quite ready for this, until he placed something under my nose.

It was a bottle of poppers, and before I knew it I had taken a large whiff of it. My head started to swim and he pushed the bottle even closer to my nostrils. When he pulled the poppers away, I finally heard him speak.

"Bend over at the waist," he told me. I knew I wasn't thinking straight, but I did as he asked. I placed my hands on the wall and bent over as much as I could in such a tight space. The poppers had done their work as I felt his cockhead probing my hole.

He didn't waste a second before he was pushing into me. My ass is normally very tight, but I could feel him shoving his prick deep into my ass. Poppers or no poopers, it hurt.

He drove his big cock into me and he didn't go slow. He was pounding me and pushing that huge prick into me as far as I could take it. I must have been taking it all in, as I felt his ball sacs hitting my cheeks.

He gave me another shot of the poppers and then wrapped both arms around my waist. It felt like he had stuck a tree up my ass. Thankfully the audio from the video that was playing masked what was going on. I was grunting and crying out as he rammed me even harder now.

I don't know how long he fucked me, but it wasn't long. I felt a hot stream of cum flooding my hole. I squeezed his hardness and managed to milk all his seed out. My lover kept pumping for a few more minutes before he finally slipped out of my hole.

He pulled up his pants and left the booth without saying a word. It took me a while longer to compose myself and leave the bookstore booth.

As I walked out of the bookstore, my Hispanic friend was outside, waiting for me. He motioned for me to follow him. I stood there motionless for a minute. I didn't know what to do, but my craving for cock gave me away.

I followed his car to a small brownstone building. I followed him to an apartment on the second floor. He ushered me into the place and led me directly to the bedroom.

It was there we both removed all our clothing. He had me lie down on my back. Spreading my legs for me, He got his bottle out once more. I took a deep whiff and he then lifted my ankles up. I finally spied his cock, it was huge. He must have had ten inches dangling from his crotch. He stroked himself a few time and then wedged the head of his dick in between my cheeks.

He then began to force it into me. God help me, I wanted all of it. It took a bit, but he finally had all of his rod inside me. He proceeded to fuck the hell out of me. If I thought I had been vocal back at the bookstore, I was practically screaming now.

I have had other men since that time, but none of them ever made me felt this way. I was his fuck slave that afternoon. The sweat was pouring off of both of us. He eventually lowered my legs and I wrapped them around his waist. He must have fucked me in that position for well over an hour.

"I am cumming," those were the few words he spoke to me that day. He blasted me with a fountain of his cum. it was like a hot geyser flooding into my belly. He soon collapsed on top of me. Neither of us moved for the longest time, but it wasn't the end of it.

He finally got up and had me get on all fours. When he pushed his cock in this time, it was much easier to take. All his seed was in me and made it easier to take my ass one more time. With his hands on my hips guiding me, we fucked liked demons. I wanted him to never pull out of me by this time. He had worked me up into a red hot state. My Hispanic lover was able to fuck for a long time. When he did cum I was surprised to feel another torrent of his love seed being shot into my hole.

Once he came, he got up and left the room. I must have passed out. I awoke after some time had passed. I found the bathroom and cleaned myself up. I went back and got dressed. When I went out into the apartment, I didn't see a soul. I left and got into my car and drove off.

My ass was raw and sore for the next week. I couldn't believe how much cum he had shot into me. I was still passing it a full week later. 

I thought about going back to his place once or twice but I never did. I even drove by his brownstone. I guess I was afraid I would become addicted to his cock and I wouldn't be able to break free.

Whenever I take a lover these days and he has his cock deep in my hole, I still think about that short, Hispanic man and how he broke me in for my first time.