 If you ever had a boss that made you crazy, you did everything you could to avoid the guy, but at the same time you found something sexy about the guy that drove you wild, this is the story for you.

I got asked to stay after work to do some extra work, my first question was 

"Is the boss going to be here, cause if he is, I am not staying." I stated bluntly.

"Come on Tom you know he never stays after hours, he is the first one out the door every night." The receptionist said.

I never liked the guy, they transferred him in to our office he was such an arrogant prick, and that was being nice, most of the staff had worse things to say about the guy.

He is thirty years old, he is very attractive, in great shape, dressed impeccably, he has a handsome face, chiseled features, well trimmed beard, perfect hair, and dark eyes almost black. It was the look he gave you when you were in the same room as he was, like he was better than you or I, you were lower somehow, than he was, he made me feel so uncomfortable all the time. 

I did everything I could do all day to avoid him, but every time I turned around he was there, giving me his look, his eyebrow would go up and you knew he was forming some opinion of you and you could tell by the look on his face, it was not good.

I was busy trying to get the work done, there were a few staff left behind, but they too were on their way out, I was concentrating on the task at hand when I was startled by someone walking in the room. 

"What are you still doing here?" The boss said sharply.

it was him he had come back to torment me I was sure. 

"I was asked to stay to complete this work that needs to be done, if you want I can leave if its inconvenient." I said feeling small.

He gave me this look, stood there and stared at me, with a sneer 

"No go ahead and do what your suppose to get done and then go!" He said lowering his voice.

"Yes Sir!" I replied.

He had a suitcase with him, he turned and walked away, I got busy with the rest of the things I needed to install, he was sitting in his office on his cell phone, he was being a jerk with someone on his cell. 

"If your going to be a bitch then just move out then!" He said to the person on the phone. 

I could clearly hear him yelling in his office 

"Who does he think he is? that son of a bitch?" He growled.

He was pacing in his office, I was trying to get finished so I could get to hell out of there, but I would be at least another hour, I was concentrating on the task at hand when he comes out of his office. He grabbed some papers, and stomped back to his desk, not sure who pissed him off but they did a great job of it.

I heard his phone go off, he got a text message, now he was really mad. All at once he yelled out 

"Why is he doing this to me?" He screamed in anger.

I tried to make myself as small as I possibly could, he came to his doorway, I think he forgot I was in the office, 

"He thinks he can screw me around he has another thing coming to him.Oh sorry I forgot you were still here, hope I did not offend." he said softly. 

"No sir we all get mad at times, are you okay?" I asked sincerely. 

"Yea my ex is being a bastard like usual, he thinks he can cheat on me behind my back and I will be okay with it, I am not okay with it." He said choking up.

"I'm very sorry to hear that sir, nothing worse than a cheater." I said moving closer to him.

We was standing close to each other, all at once he starts to cry, I am beside him not sure what to say or do, I have never seen this man vulnerable, I placed my hand on his shoulder, he kind of falls into my chest, I pull him to me and hold him as he sobs and cries on my shoulder, I held him to me he was sobbing like his world had come to an end. 

"Thank you for listening to me and for being here for me right now, I have no friends, and I feel very much alone." He said thru sobs.

I pulled him back into a hug, held him there, 

"Your never alone Sir, you have all of us in the office here, and I am here for you if you ever need me call or text me anytime." I said trying to console him.

"Thanks, but I don't think anyone in this office actually likes me do they?" He looked me in the eyes waiting for a reply.

"Do you want the real answer? Or should I embellish an answer?" I said with a slight smile.

He laughed. 

"Your a hard guy to get to know sir, your such a hard ass." I said trying to lighten the mood.

He gave me a grin, 

"I know I can be a real hard assed bastard at times, but I assumed you all hated me when I got here?" He questioned me. 

"Sir you should never assume, we all tried to be nice to you when you got here, but you are a hard man to get close to." I told him. 

"But here I am in your arms right now." He said with a slight smile.

I smiled at him, he leaned in and kissed me, right on the lips, he was a good kisser. I pulled him into a kiss I really kissed him back he was moaning and groaning, I guess no one had ever really kissed the man. 

"Sir I better get the rest of this work I need to get done." I said trying to conceal my growing erection.

"Thank you for being so nice to me Tom, you are the first guy to ever be so kind to me." He said with such sincerity. 

"Your a great guy when you let people get close to you." I replied to him. 

He actually smiled at me.

I got back to work, I could not believe what had just happened, I always thought the man was hot but to actually kiss the guy, I would have never imagined something like that ever happening. I could see he was getting his stuff ready to get going, 

"Okay Tom I am off dinner then a hotel for the night, I can't stay with him in my house, are you almost done here?" He asked with a smile.

"Yes sir I am just a quick clean up and I am out of here." I told him as I straightened up. 

"Tom would you join me for a drink and dinner?" He asked quietly. 

"Sir I would love to have dinner with you." I said happily. 

"Tom you cannot call me Sir all night, call me Robert, your entitled after listening to me tonight and putting up with my crying." He replied sternly. 

Robert and I headed out for a drink, then possibly dinner, we sat and he told me of his multiple bad relationships, one after the other, he was a loser magnet, if there was a guy who would treat him badly he would attract him. We talked for almost an hour, I could see by the bulge in his trousers he was hornier than a rabbit, he told me he had not had sex with this last guy for over a month, and masturbating just wasn't doing it for him. He needed sex in the worse way.

We decided to skip dinner and head over to his hotel, he would stay there till the ex moved out. He was getting some lube and condoms out of his suitcase when a pair of handcuffs fell out of his bag. 

"What else do you have in that suitcase of yours? Maybe some rope so I can tie you to the bed then I can torture and edge you till you beg me to let you cum?" I questioned him.

He turns to me smiles and pulls out a cotton rope, a ball gag, blindfolds, and some assorted dildos. The man was really into being dominated it seems, he threw all the stuff on the bed, walks up to me and kisses me, I untie his tie, unbutton his shirt, he has a beautiful muscular hairy chest, his nipples are so erect, I run my hand across his chest to his belt, I untie his belt and unbuckle his pants, he is staring at me with his look, but now its one of seduction, his pants fall to the floor, he has on tighty whities, a man with his money and he wears boring old underwear.

I take his hand and lead him to the bed, he wants to remove his underwear, but I stop him, I tie his hands to the bedposts, his legs to the footboard, I place the ball gag in his mouth, and blindfold him. I look at what I have before me, earlier today I would do all I could to avoid the man, now I have him tied to a bed and I plan to play with his body. I take a seat and make him wait, the waiting can drive them crazy, the anticipation of having your body touched played with or even tortured to some extent can be one of the best parts of whole sex act.

I got to my feet and removed my clothes, shirt socks, pants and underwear, I would be naked when I played with him. I got on the bed beside him on my hands and knees I hovered over him, I ran the hair on my head all over his body, I kissed his forehead, his cheeks, to his neck, I lifted his head and sucked on his Adam's apple, I kissed my way to his perky little nipples, I got one between my teeth and pinched it hard, he was squirming all over the bed. 

I let my cock slide a trail of precum all over his chest and midsection, I kissed his chest, his abs, his navel to his underwear, my chin went over his hard cock trapped in his tighty whities, his head was going back and forth. I kissed down his legs to his feet, the man had beautiful feet. I sucked his toes, licked his arches, I licked my way back to his underwear, his breathing was labored, he would climax soon if I continued, I could not have that.

I grabbed his underwear and pulled at them till the gave in and eventually tore, he had a beautiful cock, about six inches shaved smooth skin, cut, with a purple knob, his balls were beyond sexy, perfectly shaved, his orbs were a perfect shape, I leaned in and licked them, he dam near jumped off the bed. I licked his shaft to the tip, he had some tasty precum leaking from his cock. I took his cock in my mouth and swallowed him to the base, his cock bottomed out in my mouth perfectly, his perfect little knob firmly in my throat. His balls started to rise in their sack, I released his cock and did not touch it again. He was not allowed to cum just yet, I had more in store for him tonight.

I untied his legs and tied them to the headboard, I wanted, I needed his pretty ass, I would fuck him hard, take out my frustrations he had cause me in the past. Once tied in place his ass was for all to see, it was so sexy, he had it shaved clean, not a hair in sight, and spotlessly clean. I got on the bed and looked at my prize in front of me. I touched his rosebud with my tongue, he was squirming, I licked his ass cheeks, then bit his globes, I would leave teeth marks he would remember me for the next few days as he sat at his desk in his office. 

My tongue went to town on his ass, up and down his crack, pushing against his hole trying to get entry, but being denied as his hole was to tight to let intruders in. I reached over and grabbed the lube, I wet his hole, and my fingers, I would loosen this tight ass up right now, first my index finger, I held my finger at the entrance to his chute, then without warning my finger invaded his cavern, first one finger then two, then three, I needed him loosened up so my cock would slide in him. I would fuck him till he either begged me to stop or begged me to cum in his tight hole.

I lubed up my cock, I allowed his hole to close back up, I would force my big cock into his little tight hole, he would know what a good fucking was all about. I positioned my cock to his entrance, I tried to push in, but he resisted, huge mistake on his part, I grabbed his hips, placed my cock at the opening, and shoved for all I could, his little hole conceded and let me in, I could tell his ass was hurting, but he wanted it. 

I kept my grip on his hips, and I power fucked the guy, his head pounding the headboard, his cock had deflated it was bouncing around, his balls flopping all over, I fucked him hard and long, my cock could finally take no more, it needed to shoot its load, my balls retracted in their sack, and I blasted his hole with cum, I had been saving it up for the right ass, and his was the right ass.

I fell back and tried to catch my breath, I had not cum like that in a very long time, the pent up frustration, the tight beautiful ass, and the fact he was the guy I hated and avoided all the time made pounding him into submission all the more worth while. I released his legs, and spread him out, retied firmly to the bed, my hands were all over his body, his ankles, his calves his thighs to his balls, I grabbed his cock in my hand and gave it a tug, he moaned, he was basically begging me to let him cum, but not yet, he would wait a while more, my hands were on his chest, around his neck, thru his hair on his head, back down to his chest, in his armpits.

I pinched his nipples, rolled them between my fingers, down his ribs to his hips, I got between his legs and grabbed his balls in my hand, they fit so perfectly in the palm of my hand. I could squeeze them till he passed out and no one would ever know, I grabbed his cock, his beautiful cock in my hand, it pulsed, it begged to let it shoot its load, not yet, he would wait a bit more. I released his cock, I took the ball gag out of his mouth, 

"Please Tom Please, please let me cum, my balls are so sore right now." He begged me.

I took his cheeks in my hand and leaned in and kissed him, a gentle soft kiss, one with passion, and meaning, he sighed and moaned, his lips stayed in the kiss long after I pulled away.

I grabbed his cock firmly in my hand, his balls in the other, I slowly stroked his cock, I squeezed his balls to make them release his white creamy cum, I took his cock in my mouth my tongue swirling his knob, his cock would swell and I would stop, his balls ached to release their load, 

"Please Tom your killing me here Please let me cum." He pleaded with me.

Finally I took his cock in my mouth and sucked down hard, his cock was in the vise that was my mouth, I simply rubbed my tongue under the shaft, 

"Oh fuck Tom, Fuck Dam, Fuck Tom, I'm cumming, Fuck." He screamed. 

He blasted my tonsils with his cream, I licked him clean, stroking out every drop.

He laid there not moving I was worried he had had a heart attack, I removed the blindfold, his eyes were closed he looked dead, his eyes opened and he smiled, 

"Fuck Tom that was amazing, I have never had such great sex in my entire life, you edged me till I thought my balls would explode, when I did cum I did not think it would stop, I have never had multiple orgasms in my life till now." He said with a look of euphoria. 

"Glad you liked it, hopefully we can play again sometime." I said with a smile.

"Oh my yes I insist, if you are going to do that to me each time Yes Yes please." He insisted. 

"I can't do that each time I need to spice it up for you keep it interesting, next time I tie you in the doggy position, or on the back of a couch, then I can play with it all." I suggested. 

"You mean to say you did not play with it all this time?" He asked with a look of shock. 

"Wait and see my good man, Wait and see." I said with a smirk.

I untied Robert we were standing and he had cum dripping down his leg, 

"You fucked me raw?" He said with disbelief. 

"You fucking rights I did and I left marks to remind you of what I did as well." I said with pride. 

"Marks what do you mean marks?" He chided. 

"Check your ass my man, you have some nice teeth marks on each cheek." I replied with a huge smile.

The next day at work was great, I no longer tried to avoid Robert anymore, I liked to see him as much as I could, I walked past his office and saw him squirming in his chair, seems his butt cheeks and hole were sore for some reason. 

"Everything okay Boss?" I asked with a smile. 

"Oh yes everything is great Tom thanks for asking." He said with confidence. 

"Saw you squirming in your chair wondered if your were sore for some reason." I laughed as the words came out. 

"See you later I hope?" He smiled back. 

"Sir it will be with great pleasure to see you and more later." I replied with confidence.