 We'd met bumping into each other at an adult bookstore. This was a store where not all the magazines were wrapped. I had been looking at a trannie mag and he'd been looking at the same mag and we put them back at the same time. We looked at each other and there was a spark of, what? Recognition? A recognition of similar tastes and desires? Yes, that's what it was, we each knew the others basic desire. I said excuse me and he did too, at the same time. We stood back and laughed. 

I said "let me pick your next one."

"Of course". he replied.

I picked out a cross dresser mag and he said "perfect", as I held the same one for myself. Neither one of us could be anywhere near passable, both being too tall and wide at the shoulder. He was about 5'10" and I am 6'0" and a bit heavy, while he was slender, but still not passable.

He asked if I was wearing anything.

"Panties and a bra", I replied.

"Me too" he said.

I had on a jacket that hid the fact that I was wearing a stuffed bra. I had purchased silicone breasts and loved to wear the bra with them inserted. Because I was barrel chested and wearing a jacket they were not real prominent. I opened my jacket to reveal the black bra beneath a white linen shirt. I felt so sexy wearing that and so excited to show it off to someone. Someone who would understand and appreciate it. And he did.

Shall we go in back and show each other our wears?" he asked.

"I think we should" I replied.

The back was the arcade and this particular store had large booths that would accommodate a number of people. Certainly big enough for just two of us. 

We picked a booth and went in, each of us depositing our tokens to get the video started. We scrolled through and found one with a trannie theme and stood back watching the show.

I took off my jacket as he took of his. Then his shirt showing a pretty yellow bra stuffed with panties for form. I removed my shirt and he felt my tits, commenting "these feel very nice. Almost as good as my wife's."

"Does your wife know?" 

"I think she suspects, but we've never talked about it. When I broach the subject she changes the subject. Too bad, I would love to share with her. Does yours?"

"I'm a widower, and my wife suspected too, but would not really admit it to herself for some reason. We could never talk about it either, so I just hid my stuff and played when she was out."

I removed my pants and stood there in my white Vanity Fair panties, my turgid cock showing itself through the semi transparent fabric. He was taking his pants off, showing very sheer yellow Olga panties. Both of us stood before the other admiring the juxtaposition of a male wearing women's underwear. I found the whole idea very sexually exciting and felt my heart rate pick up a few beats. Then I felt his hand brush my pantied ass and I reached over and rubbed my hand on his butt. We seemed to know what to do next as we moved together and rubbed our pantied cocks against each other.

"I want you to stick you cock between my legs and inside my panties" I said. And with that he pulled his panties aside and out stuck his big cock. It must have been seven plus inches. I based this on the fact that I am six inches and his sure looked bigger. He stuck it between my legs and inside the gusset of my panties. I closed my legs, loving the feeling of that big cock between my legs. And we kissed. I had only once kissed a man, but he was dressed to kill as a woman. And even though I knew it was a man I still did it, enjoying the sensation of our lips together. Now, I felt the same way and there was absolutely no pretext this was a woman. But it sure was sexy as all get out.

"You love that, don't you?" 

"You know I do" as we kissed again touching tongues. I squeezed my legs even tighter, relishing the hardness of his cock, mashing my tits to his chest and rubbing his silky, panty covered butt. He was dong the same to me and it felt wonderful.

"I need a closer look" I said, backing away from him.

I got down on my knees and his cock brushed my cheek. My left hand gently took that hard penis and I put it in my mouth. Oh, how delicious, how thrilling and so very sexually stimulating. The soft purple head sliding over my tongue while my lips encircled that hard shaft.

"I'm gonna cum" he said as I continued to suck. My right hand was on his ass and my left and was tickling the area between his balls and butt. I was so excited and turned on. I thought I would cum in my own panties without even touching myself at all. 

He started to moan and his cock spurted warm semen on my tongue and he thrust back and forth as he spurted load after load. It was almost too much to swallow and a bit dribbled out and dripped down my chin. As he stopped cumming I just held him, letting his cock soften in my mouth. And, knowing just how sensitive the head is, I just let it shrink, keeping my whole being still for his enjoyment.

He pulled back, his cock popping out of my mouth as he leaned against the wall.

'"That was wonderful. Thank you."

"You're welcome", I said as I wiped my face with a handkerchief, getting the dripping cum off my chin and the sheen of perspiration off my face.

E24.11.