 I have a huge problem. I'm 22, 6'1, 175 lbs., with light brown hair and grey eyes. I'm a college student at a prestigious university, and I'm studying psychology. I'm an honor student, and I'm an athlete. I work out, play baseball, lacrosse, and basketball, and I'm in very good shape. My parents are rich, so I've never really had to worry about money. I'm pretty much known as a "golden boy", and I always try to do the right thing. So what's the problem, you ask? The problem is that I'm gay, and I could lose everything if anyone ever found out.

The funny thing is, I've never had sex with a man. I've thought about it, fantasized about it, seen videos, read about it…but I've never done it before. My roommate has no idea how many times I've jacked off while thinking about having sex with him. He's hot, so hot that sometimes I can't look at him without getting a hard-on. It doesn't help that he has sex with his girlfriend when I'm in the room. They come in late, when he thinks I'm asleep, and they have sex for hours. He would be shocked if he knew that what turned me on were the sounds HE made, not her.

I've dated a lot of women, all through high school and most of college. I've brought some of them home for holiday or weekends just to keep up appearances. My mother scrutinizes them all, and my father is mostly concerned that they look good on my arm at company functions. Neither of them has ever looked past the surface to see that I'm really not interested in any of them. I mean, the girls are nice and all, and I've slept with them…but they're not what I want. I have sex with them mainly out of a sense of duty, and although they all seem to enjoy sex with me, they have no idea that while I'm fucking them, all I can think about is sucking a nice hard cock, or having a hard cock up my ass. Even when they suck my cock or jack me off, I close my eyes and imagine that it's a guy doing it to me. That makes me come harder and faster than any girl ever could.

Things at school slow down around the holidays, and for Thanksgiving this year I decided to stay on campus rather than going home. I wasn't dating anyone (a nice, sweet girl for my mom to give the third degree to), I had been working at a local bookstore, and I just couldn't face another company dinner. I was tired of being asked when I was going to find some nice girl and settle down, and tired of watching my dad get sloppily drunk and paw at his secretaries while my mom smiled tightly and pretended not to notice. They both protested my decision, but I held firm, telling them I had a lot of studying to do. It was true; I did have studying to do, but not for school. I had decided once and for all to find out what it was like to have sex with a man.

Since I was the only one at the bookstore not going home for the holidays, I offered to work on Thanksgiving Day and keep the store open. The owner didn't expect much business, but there were those few lonely souls who liked to come in and curl up in one of the soft chairs by the fireplace and lose themselves in a good book. It was one of the reasons I liked working at the bookstore – it was not part of a big chain, was in a very old building, and was extremely comfy and cozy. It was very reader-friendly. The owner didn't mind if people came in and sat to read for hours. He made enough to keep things going, and the warmth of his personality and the coziness of the place kept people coming back for more. It was a good place to work.

I left my dorm room that morning to go open, and it was snowing lightly. I stood out on the sidewalk and took deep breaths, loving the smell and taste of the cold air. I was so happy not to be home that I felt elated, excited about going to work and being able to sit in a warm room and read to my heart's content. I was also extremely horny, which I had been for some time in anticipation of what I planned to do over this holiday. My roommate, who had left for home the night before, had spent the previous few nights fucking his girlfriend for hours as I lay in my bed across the room, jacking off. I have a feeling he knew I was jacking off even though I tried to be quiet and not move too much. It excited me to think he knew I was in my bed, stroking my hard cock as I listened to both of them moan and groan as they fucked. I loved to listen to him as his girlfriend sucked his cock, to the things he whispered to her. I imagined that it was me in the bed with him, lovingly stroking and licking his erect cock as he fucked my mouth. It was enough to make me explode.

When I got to the bookstore, the streets were pretty empty. The snow was falling harder, and I didn't expect much business. I went in and started turning lights on, then went over to the big fireplace and started a fire. The lighting in the store was very subtle, with reading lamps next to all of the cozy chairs in order to avoid the need for harsh florescent lights. The overhead lights were bright enough to browse by, but not glaring. I turned the heat up a little bit to take the chill out of the air, then grabbed a few books and went to sit behind the counter and started reading.

I was in the middle of a great murder mystery, one I had wanted to read for a long time, when the front door gusted open and a figure in a long dark coat came in, snow swirling. I looked up, startled. I was so engrossed in the book that I'd completely lost track of time and hadn't seen that the snow was getting heavier. It was falling so heavily that it was hard to see down the street, even though all the streetlights had come on in spite of the early afternoon hour. The tall figure dusted snow off the coat and pulled off the hood, revealing a thick head of dark hair and a pair of startling blue eyes.

"Wow!" he said in a thick southern drawl, "It's really comin' down out there." He pulled the coat off and stood there in jeans, a sweater, and snow boots. As he reached over to hang his coat on the rack by the door, I noticed his broad shoulders and narrow hips, and how long his legs were. I felt my heartbeat speed up.

"It sure looks like it," I said. "What brings you out on a day like this?"

"Oh, I needed to get out of the house for a while," he said. "My wife and I are visitin' her in-laws, and I got tired of watchin' football. Most everybody was snorin', anyway, so I decided to go for a walk. I didn't expect the snow to start comin' down like it is, though. I happened to see your lights on, so I figured I'd sit it out for a while, if that's okay."

My heart sank when he said he was married, but I laughed and waved my arm toward the empty store. "Well, as you can see, it's pretty busy here today. You'll be lucky to find a place to sit."

He looked around and grinned. "This is a really nice place you've got here. Nice and warm."

"I can make you some coffee, if you like. It might warm you up a bit."

"Now that sounds real good, thank you. Is it okay if I look around?"

"Sure," I said, coming out from behind the counter and heading for the coffee machine. "Make yourself comfortable, I'll just be a minute."

I walked to the back to make the coffee, my heart pounding. The man was older than me, probably in his mid-thirties, and was very handsome. He seemed really nice, too. Too bad he was married. I sighed and stood there waiting for the coffee to brew. Just my luck – the one guy who comes in today happens to be married.

I got his coffee ready and went back to the main room, and found him sitting on a small sofa next to the fireplace, reading a book of poetry. Surprised, I handed him the cup and started to head back to the counter.

"Why don't you join me?" he asked. "It's not like you've got other customers waiting on you."

"True," I said, shrugging. I got my book and sat next to him. "My name is Matt, I said, holding out my hand. 

"I'm Rick," he said, shaking my hand, and we looked at each other for a long moment. My heart skipped a beat, but he just smiled and sipped his coffee.

"This is good," he commented, his head bent over his book. I looked over at him and noticed that his hair looked very soft, falling over his forehead and the collar of his sweater. I wanted to reach out and touch it, but I figured he's probably clock me and then take off, so I stifled my impulse. We sat there next to each other for a while, reading – or pretending to read, in my case. I was acutely aware of his body next to me, of the smell of his shampoo and the clean smell of his clothes. My mind was wandering, and I couldn't help it. I could feel myself getting hard, and soon I was so uncomfortable that I had to excuse myself. He grunted without looking up, and I went into the bathroom.

My cock was so hard that it felt like it was made of iron. I unzipped my pants and let them fall around my ankles, and my cock popped free. I wasn't wearing underwear (I rarely did), so there it was. I pulled my shirt off and stood there, looking at myself in the full-length mirror, then began to slowly stroke my cock. God, I was hard. I moaned softly as I ran my fingers along my shaft, pinching my nipples at the same time. I loved looking at my cock, and watching myself in the mirror, I could almost imagine Rick taking my cock in his big hands and stroking me. I closed my eyes and leaned against the door, imagining having sex with Rick, beginning to stroke even faster. My breathing was becoming ragged and I could feel my orgasm building, when suddenly I was startled by a knock at the door.

"Matt? You okay in there?" It was Rick. I guess I'd been in there for a while, and he must have thought I'd fallen in or something.

I cleared my throat, "Uh, yeah, Rick. I'm okay. Just give me a minute and I'll be right out."

"No problem," he said, "Just wanted to make sure everything is okay." I heard him walk away.

Damn, I thought. My balls were throbbing and my cock ached. I would have to wait to finish what I'd started. I tucked myself back into my jeans and got dressed, then washed my hands and went back out into the store.

Rick was sitting in the same place, leaning back with his long legs stretched out in front of him. He had removed his sweater and was wearing a blue denim button down shirt underneath. The outline of his lean, strong body was even more evident, and I nearly groaned. Just my luck, this gorgeous stranger is trapped in my store, alone with me, and he's fucking married. I could just imagine how hard I was going to come later, thinking about him.

He watched me as I walked over and sat across from him. It had grown much darker outside, and the snow was still falling pretty heavily. I looked into the fire, and was startled when Rick said, "Why don't you come and sit over here, by me?"

I looked over at him, and he nodded without smiling and patted the seat next to him. My heart flipped over again, and I got up and moved over to him. My hands were shaking, and I tried to swallow, but my mouth was dry. I sat down, and he moved closer so that our shoulders were touching. I could feel my body trembling, and could feel something like a vibration where our shoulders touched.

"You're very cute," he said softly, not looking at me.

I swallowed and heard my throat click. "So are you," I managed.

He chuckled softly, and I watched him rub his big hands together. I licked my lips and swallowed again. We were both silent for a long moment, then he said, again without looking at me, "I really want to kiss you."

I inhaled sharply and he looked over at me.

"But you're married," I said.

"Yes," he said. "Married, but not dead."

I laughed nervously, not really sure what that meant.

He shifted to face me, and he took my hands in his. I shivered at his touch.

"Have you ever been with a man before?" he asked.

I shook my head, unable to speak. Although I had been touched by many women, the touch of Rick's hands on mine was different. His hands were rough and warm, gentle and strong. He was rubbing my hands lightly, then slowly, his hands started moving under my shirt sleeves, up my arms. I looked into his eyes, mesmerized. I could see the shadow of a beard on his angular cheeks, noticed how full his lips were. He leaned close to me until our foreheads were touching, and I could feel his breath on my face. 

"Do you want to be with a man?" he asked, still rubbing my arms.

"Yes," I breathed. "I want to be with you."

He sighed. "That's good." He put one hand on my leg, then started rubbing my thigh. I trembled at his touch, could feel myself growing hard again. He moved his hand up my leg, his big hand spread out. I could tell he was pleased by how muscular I was. His hand slid up and gently brushed across the bulge in my crotch, and I moaned. 

He smiled and stood up, pulling me up with him. I wasn't sure what to expect, so I stood there and waited. He stepped close to me, a couple of inches taller, and put his hands on my shoulders.

"Are you sure about this?" he asked.

I nodded, and he pulled me closer and wrapped his arms around my waist. I could feel his cock pushing against me, and I got a tingly feeling in my stomach, realizing that he was hard because of me. I reached up and put my arms around his neck, my hands in his hair. It was as soft as I had imagined. His hands moved down and cupped my ass, grabbing my cheeks roughly. He was lean, but his chest was broad and his shoulders were very wide, like mine. He ground his hips into me, and I moaned loudly as I felt our cocks pushing together. He pulled back and began to kiss me. The feeling of the rough stubble against my lips was startling, but his full lips felt wonderful, and I opened my mouth and let his tongue probe inside. The minute our tongues met, it was as if someone had released the water from a dam. As our passion grew, his kisses grew harder and he kneaded my ass cheeks more roughly. His strong arms were wrapped tightly around me, and I knew that no matter what, there was no going back from here.

Rick pulled back and looked at me, then looked out the front window. We were partially hidden by some waist-high shelves, but anyone who happened to walk by would be able to see us if they looked closely enough. I didn't care. All I wanted was to get naked with this gorgeous man and let him fuck my brains out.

"It's okay," I said. "It's snowing too hard, no one will be out in this."

"Go lock the door," he said, his eyes glinting in the firelight.

I nodded and walked over to the door, locking it. Rick found the light switches and turned them all off, so the only light was from the fireplace. I walked back over to where he was waiting.

When I got to him, he took my hands and said, "Undress me."

Hands trembling, I unbuttoned his shirt. Even though I had seen hundreds of naked men and boys during my years as an athlete, his chest and stomach fascinated me. He had a mat of thick dark hair on his chest and a line down his stomach. His nipples were hard, and he shivered as I ran my hands lightly over his hard chest and stomach, then stepped closer and ran my tongue over his nipples. I could see his hands clenched into fists at his sides, and I knew he was trying not to reach out and grab me. His obvious desire made me more bold, and I pulled his shirt down his shoulders, pinning his arms to his sides. I stepped closer and took one of his nipples in my mouth, rubbing my teeth over it, and he groaned with pleasure. 

My cock was rock hard again, throbbing. I looked at Rick's crotch, and could see a huge bulge there. I ran my hands down his stomach and, looking up at him, unbuttoned and unzipped his jeans. He looked into my eyes, a serious look on his face as I pushed his jeans down and got my first look at his cock.

It was huge, erect, beautiful. Funny, as many times as I'd seen cocks, either in person or in magazines or movies, I was finally going to be able to touch one besides my own. I wrapped one hand around it and Rick grunted, closing his eyes. I stood there and slowly started to stroke him, moving my hand on him the way I liked to jack myself off. I would stroke slowly down the shaft, then move up and gently squeeze the top of it before I moved back down. With my other hand, I fondled his balls, massaging them as I stroked his iron hard cock.

He put his hands on my shoulders and pressed down gently, and I knew what he wanted. Excited, my cock throbbing and my heart pounding, I knelt in front of him and slid my tongue along the underside of his shaft while I stroked the top of it with my hand. His hands moved from my shoulders to the back of my head, and tightened in my hair. I pulled his cock away from his stomach and licked the head of it tentatively, tasting the drops of clear fluid that gathered there. His hips jerked toward me, and I grinned and put my lips around his cock, sliding it in slowly. Here, at last, I was getting the chance to act out something that had been a mere fantasy for so long, and I wasn't about to waste it.

I started sucking his cock, using my lips and my tongue to stroke him as he began to move his hips in and out. His hands grabbed my head tighter, and he forced his cock deeper into my mouth. I nearly gagged as it touched the back of my throat, but forced myself to relax so I could take all of him in. I could tell by the way he was grunting and thrusting that I was doing okay, and his pleasure was only making me more excited. I sucked his cock as hard as I could, taking him in as deep as I could, and before too long, he was gasping, "I'm going to come, Matt."

I moaned and kept sucking his cock, wanting him to come in my mouth. I could feel his cock pulsing, and as his hands pulled me closer to him, I could feel him shooting down my throat. I swallowed, loving the taste of it, and kept sucking as his hips jerked forward and he moaned loudly. He finally pulled his cock out of my mouth, and he pulled me up and kissed me hard, his tongue probing, his mouth devouring me. My cock was still throbbing, and he wasted no time with me. He pushed me down to the floor and roughly unzipped my jeans, then jerked them down and off. He knelt between my legs and nudged them apart, then took my hard cock in his big hand and started jacking me off. I cried out at his first touch, raising my hips up as he stroked, beating my cock with his hand and sliding one finger into my ass. I couldn't believe the sensation of his rough hand on the skin of my cock, and I could feel myself starting to come. I put my hand on his and made him slow down, because I wanted it to last longer. He slowed down a little, then bent over me and slid my cock into his mouth. The feel of his lips and tongue on my cock was incredible, like nothing I had ever felt before. The girls I had dated who sucked my cock had no idea how to pleasure a man, but Rick certainly did. 

As he was sucking and pulling my cock, he slid another finger into my ass, fucking me there. I knew I wanted him to fuck me later, so I relaxed as best I could and let him stretch me out. The combination of his hot mouth sucking my cock and his fingers fucking my ass was too much for a first-timer, and I came into his mouth with an explosion that made my ears ring.

"Ohhh god," I moaned, gasping for breath. My chest and stomach were heaving, and my cock was still twitching and throbbing as he milked every drop of come out of me. He smiled and lay down next to me, his hands moving all over my smooth chest, stopping to play with my nipples before moving down to my stomach.

"Good, huh?" he asked.

"Fuck yeah," I said. "How did you learn to do that?"

"Well, I love my wife and we have great sex, but it's nothing compared to what a guy can do to a guy. I travel a lot, and I meet up with a lot of men here and there. I've picked up a few tricks."

"I can't argue with that!" I said, still gasping for breath. Incredibly, the feel of his rough hand on my stomach and chest was arousing me again, and he laughed as he saw my cock getting hard.
