 My neighbor and I used to kid around about being bi-sexual, although we never had an experience together. We lived in adjoining townhouses in Ohio and both had a procession of nice looking women passing through our lives.

One morning, I found an envelope that had been shoved through the mail slot on my front door. I opened the envelope and read the short note inside:

"Hey neighbor!

I'm having a party tonight from 7 to 10pm and would like to know if you'd be kind enough to give me a hand with something. I'm pretty busy today, so just come over at about 6pm and I'll show you what I need you to do. - - Joe."

I didn't think much about the note and went about my business, which included a morning round of golf and an afternoon sitting on the sofa watching some stock car racing. At about 5, I took a shower, grabbed a quick sandwich, and headed next door.

Joe had been busy all day. I had heard him sawing, drilling, and pounding nails, but that is the kind of neighbor I have and I didn't think anything was abnormal. 

"Hey neighbor," he said as I entered through the kitchen. "I need your help tonight. I've invited a group of guys over to watch the baseball game and drink some beer."

"That will be a lot of fun, Joe. I'll be glad to help out."

"Oh, and Tom, when we were talking the other night, you said that you were bi-sexual. Did you mean that?"

"Uh," I choked, "I guess so, but I haven't had much experience.." He cut me off.

"Well, it's getting late and I need to know if you're going to help or not." He led me into the dining room, which was dark, but had a large wooden box in the middle. The box was about 5 feet tall and about 4 feet on a side. It was made of plywood and painted black. On each of the four sides, there was an oval hole cut about four feet above the ground.

"How do you like my glory hole?" He asked. Before I could answer, he opened a bolt and pulled the top board open. Inside, there was a short stool, several full water bottles, and a large empty gallon jug. "This is where you'll be," he said. "And, oh by the way, I've invited several of your softball team buddies, so if you don't want them to know who is in the box, you might want to keep quiet. Now strip yourself naked, come on, time is short."

I did as I was told. When I was finished, Joe grabbed me under the arms and lifted me into the box. Then he shut the lid and I heard the unmistakable sound of a padlock being latched.

"So what am I supposed to do in here?" I asked, already knowing what the answer would be.

"You're here to provide pleasure, you'll get the hang of it quickly, hey, here comes Dave, your co-worker...now keep quiet if you don't want to be discovered." I heard Joe and Dave talking at the front door and Joe said something like "and if you get horny, and you should, just step over to the box and you'll be treated nicely."

My heart sank. There was no escape and I was horrified to think that my buddies would find out who was in the box. I decided to do whatever I was asked to do in order to remain completely anonymous. 

Within the next few minutes, about 15 guys showed up to party. But I quickly found out that the party had nothing to do with baseball. Joe had a large screen television and was playing some of the most disgusting porn DVD's that I had ever seen. These weren't the average high class porn films that I had seen, these involved orgies, bukkake parties, extreme bondage, and other stuff that I didn't think the government allowed anyone to film! I could see guys beginning to rub themselves through their shorts as the evening progressed. In fact, I saw Barry, one of the guys that I worked with, stand in the middle of the room, say something to the crowd, drop his shorts, and come marching toward the box with a hard on that was pointing toward the ceiling.

Rumor had it that Barry was the sex king of the office and his dick, which was now staring me in the face, had been in more of the office help than anyone in Ohio. I leaned forward and touched the throbbing meat with my hand, afraid to do much else. 

"Hey Joe," Barry said, "I don't think the box is working, what do you have to do to turn it on?" Then I heard the reply, "give it a minute to warm up, if it doesn't start to function properly, I'll open it up and see what is wrong."

Yes, this was a threat. I licked my lips and took the cock into my mouth, much as I had been taught many years before by my fathers' friends. Immediately, Barry's hips shoved forward and hit the box with a thud and his cock began throbbing against the roof of my mouth. I used my best technique and even reached up to grab his balls while my face kept in constant motion. Before long, the thrusts became erratic and I knew what was coming. Two strong blasts hit the back of my throat before I could regain control. I reached up and beat the rest out of him as I spit the first deposits down my chest. Boy, was this stuff warm.

Barry staggered from the hole and I thought I was going to have a break, but I quickly heard more hips thumping on the board to my right. I was surrounded by holes and was sure that I would soon be surrounded by cocks. I turned right and found a larger, uncircumcised cock aiming toward my face. I pulled the foreskin back and began a slow licking of the head, which was already dripping in anticipation. With this monster, I decided to beat with my right hand, pull the balls with my left, while turning my mouth into a pleasure hole. This guy was horny, and it didn't take long for me to feel his head expand and prepare to shoot more sperm toward my throat. I beat him harder while aiming his gun toward my chest and was soon rewarded with another white hot load of cum. 

That is when I noticed that my cock was as hard as a rock. But before I could begin to play with it, two more intruders found their way through the holes and I knew that I had to work.

Over the next three hours, I gave more than 30 blow jobs and my mouth was sore from all of the action. The party broke up and I heard the guests leave. Soon, Joe, who had remained clothed throughout the party, approached the box and opened the lid. He helped me out and said something about me being the life of the party. I was covered in dried cum and smelled like it!

Joe told me that there was one more thing that I had to do and he laid me on the carpet in the living room. "Now play with that hard cock and let me see you cum." Then, he blindfolded me and had me beat off in the middle of the room. My cock was still slick from all of the cum that had dripped from my mouth, chest, and stomach, and after the embarrassment wore off, I came quickly, all over my stomach and chest.

Then, Joe sat me up and unzipped his shorts. I proceeded to suck his cock until it was as hard as mine had been a few minutes before. Then, horror of horrors, Joe stepped back, pushed me on my back, and lifted my legs to my shoulders. His cock was thrust into my ass before I could react, and he began fucking me like he was mad at the way I had treated his guests. Then I felt one, two, three spurts of hot cum hit land on my face and neck. Soon, more hit me as I was surrounded by 15 of my friends, watching Joe fuck me while they beat their cocks and shot their pleasure over me. Joe let go a hot load in my ass and the ordeal was done.

As they left, all of my friends told me that they would see me at work on Monday. I wasn't sure I could face going to work, but heck, I need a paycheck!