 All characters in this story are eighteen years old or older.

***

I was walking home from spending the afternoon with my only friend, Maggie, when I noticed the group of guys playing football in one front yard. I knew Wayne Boudreau and his older brother, Shane, lived there, but Wayne was a loner and his brother was away at college, so I had no idea what was going on. Not that it was any of my business, especially since I wasn't on speaking terms with Wayne, who had a mean streak to rival a rattlesnake. Best to keep clear and keep my eyes on the street in front of me as I passed.

I made it past the house, just three houses down from my own, when I heard someone say "Is that him?" with a surprised, deep voice. I didn't hear an answer. "Hey!" the voice called out. Just ignore him. Pretend you don't hear him, I told myself, Just keep walking. "Hey, David!" 

At the sound of my name, I instinctively turned and looked at Shane, who was calling me. He had no shirt on, despite the chill in the Spring air, and it occurred to me that college had been good to him. Where he once had an average build, he was now buff, like he had been hitting the weights. His black hair was combed and held in place with product, a far cry from the shaggy headed kid who left town in the Autumn. He was hotter than a bonfire on a July night.

Don't look at his crotch, I told myself, Don't look at his crotch. I found myself reprimanding myself of that a lot these days. Trying to exercise some self-control, I hadn't masturbated in a week, and I was horny enough to take on our school's football team.

"Hey, David, I heard you came out of the closet," Shane said matter of fact after he caught up with me.

"So?" I asked, not sure where this was going. It had been my experience that these conversations usually went one of two ways. The guy- or guys- either wanted to fuck me or hit me. Thus far, none of them had fucked me.

"So, my girlfriend is with her family for Spring Break, and I could sure use a blow job." I just stood there, shocked. "What do you say you do me a favor?"

I looked back at Wayne, who was looking uncomfortable, given the situation, or any situation that required social interaction. His brother just propositioned me. The eternally shy boy in school must be mortified.

I looked at Shane's crotch and wondered if his cock was as big as his muscles. I had never sucked off a guy before. Aside from masturbating to gay porn on-line, and playing with a dildo I stole from my sister, I had never had sex with a guy. This is my chance, I told myself, Today you finally get to touch another guy's cock.

"Where?" I asked, suddenly suspicious. After all, this was Wayne Boudreau's brother. He was older than we were, so I didn't know if he was as mean as Wayne was or not.

"Inside," he said invitingly, "We can go to my room. The 'rents aren't home."

"Okay," I heard myself say, but not meaning to. I should just go home.

"Great!" he smiled a smile of perfect teeth, "Come on, little brother. You might learn something."

Oh, great, Wayne was coming with us. I felt a shiver of fear begin to cause tremors of nervousness as Shane wrapped an arm snugly around my neck and lead me into the house. Wayne was right behind us, clutching the football like he was trying to strangle it.

In Shane's bedroom, I sat on the edge of his bed as Shane unfastened his pants and freed his thick eight inch cock. Compared to own six inches, it looked huge. I looked on as Wayne closed the door behind him and slumped into the desk chair, his long black bangs falling into his big brown eyes, watching as Shane moved in close, rubbing the head of his cock on my lips. I couldn't believe this was actually happening.

"Open up, baby," he cooed.

I opened my mouth and felt the spongy head press between my lips, followed by a hard, veiny shaft. I sucked on it, moving my lips up and down over the head of his cock. He pressed deeper into my mouth, until he hit the back of my throat. I choked as my gag reflex was hit. He laughed and pushed deeper, past my gag spot, into my throat. My throat felt like it might bust open as he fucked my mouth, then pulled back, leaving his cock head in my mouth, then pushed in again until his pubes were tickling my nose.

"You see, little brother," he told Wayne, "If you want something, you have to go after it."

"Just stop it," Wayne told Shane, his voice bristling, "You've made your point."

"Not yet, I haven't," he smirked, pulling his cock out of my mouth. He looked down at me, smiling. "Take off your pants. I want to fuck you."

"No way!" Wayne insisted, rising from the chair to approach his brother. Shane pushed him on the bed next to me. 

"Then you fuck the little faggot!" Shane yelled at him, stroking his cock gently, "One of us is going to fuck him."

I looked at Shane's big cock and thought of my little dildo. I used it often when masturbating, fantasizing about being fucked by a guy, but I was in control and this was getting out of hand fast. I knew I was in trouble, that Shane was every bit as mean as Wayne was. Now I was going to get fucked by one of them, maybe both, and probably have the shit beaten out of me afterward. Why didn't I just go home?

"Okay!" Wayne shouted at him, his temper flared, "I'll fuck him. Just get out."

"This is my room, little brother. I'm staying. Besides, I've gotta make sure you go through with it and not just wuss out."

Wayne stood up and pushed his brother aside. He was standing right in front of me, and I was amazed when he pulled his hard cock for his pants. He was every inch as big as his brother, but Shane looked a little thicker somehow.

"Atta boy!" Shane complimented him, "Already ready to go."

"Get on the bed," Wayne told me gently, helping me up, "Face down."

"Here, you're gonna need this," Shane told him handing him a bottle of lube. This was clearly not Shane's first encounter with gay sex. Wayne smeared the lube on his dick, then climbed onto the bed, shucking out of his pants before climbing on top of me. He pushed my legs open and pressed his cock between my butt cheeks, missing the hole. He tried again, then entered me. There was a slight twinge of pain that quickly subsided, and I was glad I worked my hole with my dildo the night before. He slid into me gently, then began fucking me in long, even strokes, breathing in my ear. It felt good, every bit as wonderful as I hoped it would, and I began to relax, giving my ass to him.

"No!" Shane nearly yelled, "That's not how you fuck a faggot! Get off him."

Wayne dutifully did as his brother told him, crawling off the bed to stand next to him while Shane lubed up his cock. He crawled on top of me and lined up his cock. He slammed into me hard, sending an electric shock through my pelvis, from my ass to the head of my dick. I gasped at the sudden feeling of fullness.

Shane fucked me hard, ramming is cock in and out of me like a sledge hammer. It was intoxicating as he demonstrated how a real man fucked. I screamed with pleasure, moaned in ecstasy. I had no idea sex could bet this raw, this animalistic.

"Okay, you made your point," Wayne yelled at him, "Get off him."

"Not yet," Shane grunted, "I'm almost finished."

He fucked me a few minutes longer, then slammed into me one last time. I could feel his cock throb and twitch inside me as he came. He pulled out as soon as he busted his nut, slapping me on the ass as he got up.

"That's a nice piece of ass," he declared, "Sorry about the sloppy seconds, little brother."

'You made your point," Wayne huffed, "Now, get out!" He pushed Shane, who struggled against the assault, but Wayne won the day, slamming his brother against the door.

"Alright, okay, I'm going," he surrendered, "But you better not leave here without fucking your little butt buddy."

Shane made it out the door, and Wayne slammed it closed behind him. He was fuming when he turned to look at me. He paced the floor a couple of times, staring at his feet, his big cock bouncing in front of him. He suddenly stopped and looked at me.

We don't have to do this," he told me, "He may be bigger than I am, but I'm the better fighter. He's never been able to take me."

And yet you coward to his demands, I thought to myself, feeling a little of Shane's cum dribble down the back of my balls.

Wayne kept to himself in school, and he was no bully, but he had an explosive temper and would fuck you up if you provoked him. When he beat you up, you went to the hospital, not the nurse's office. And he always got away with it because someone would always come forward to defend him, explaining that the other guy started it.

"Let's do it," I encouraged him, "Only let's do it your way." There was no point in being fucked in the same way by two different guys. Besides, as much as I enjoyed Shane's rough fuck, I also enjoyed having Wayne gently fuck me.

Wayne crawled onto the bed and rolled me onto my back. Positioning my feet on his shoulders, he scooted forward to enter me, then leaned in above me, sliding his cock inside. He fucked me gently, with long strokes, nearly withdrawing before sliding back into me. He looked down at me, locking eyes with me, and smiled. Oh, my god, Wayne Boudreau is smiling at me! It was a lopsided smile, and sexy as hell. I smiled back at him, losing myself in his strokes.

He fucked me like that a while, then outstretched his bent legs, supporting himself on his hands and feet. I slipped my legs over his strong arms, and he increased his tempo, fucking me a little harder. I felt ripples of pleasure swoon through my body as he continued fucking me, wondering how long he could keep this up. As my pleasure mounted, I was sure I was going to cum, and hoped he wouldn't finish until I did. I knew I could, from experimenting with my dildo, and his cock felt so much better than it did.

"I think you're going to make me cum," I moaned under him. This only encouraged him further, fucking my ass harder, but not as viciously as Shane did. The ripples of pleasure became waves of ecstasy and I was swept away with them. My orgasm hit me like a bomb, and I started cumming, the hardest orgasm I had ever had. 

Wayne watched my cock twitch and explode with cum and increased his efforts to finish, sinking deep inside me before unleashing his torrent of jism deep within my bowels. He pumped his cock lazily a while longer, like he didn't want to stop fucking me, then withdrew slowly to collapse on top of me, our slippery cocks pressed together between us.

He kissed me, his soft lips exploring mine, then his tongue joined mine. We made out for a while, then he rolled off me. I snuggled in next to him, resting my hand on his t-shirt, feeling the muscular chest beneath. He may not be as big as his brother, but he was strong.

"I like you," he told the ceiling, "All of this was because I confided in Shane that I had feelings for you."

"I think I might like you, too," I told him, feeling embarrassed and loved at the same time.

We got up and dressed, occasionally stopping to kiss. At the door, we kissed some more, and he offered to pick me up for school in the morning in the old car he inherited from Shane when he went off to college. I agreed, then we left the room. He walked me to the door, and I went home.

Wayne and I became an item at school, and we were eventually accepted- once Wayne kicked the ass of more than a few homophobes. After we graduated, we got a tiny apartment, and started our lives together. We were married last Spring, and I thank Shane every time I see him for bringing us together.