 Being the boss doesn't come with as many advantages as people tend to think. Yes, I make the most of all my employees but I also work the most hours and do the most in those hours. I have to coordinate, train, exhort, hire and fire people all the time. And while I can hire or promote someone just for being hot, if I'm careful to have more work appropriate reasons as well, I can't fuck them because it's an HR nightmare.

Case in point: I recently promoted two college aged guys, one to head cashier and the other into entry level management. They both work under me, but not in the way I'd like (if you catch my drift.) 

Ethan was part time for a couple years and grown from a cute kid to a promising young manager. Take the sexy grin and cub-like build of Marko LeBeau (from Men Of Montreal) and give him Macklemore's hair and Seth Rogen's beard and put him in those stupid "jogger" khakis the kids like and that's Ethan. Luckily those joggers make his ass look huge so I'm ok with them even if I'm supposed to uphold the "Dockers style pants" line in the dress code. Hey, I let the lesbian warehouse coordinator wear cargo pants so I'm equal opportunity here.

Joaquín was the newly promoted head cashier who could cash in on some head, know what I mean? He was a tall pansexual Hispanic dude with hair like the coolest lesbian at Dr Xavier's School For Gifted Youngsters and a gap in his teeth I'd like to floss with my pubes. I know, gross. But he had a lip ring that drew attention to his pillowy lips that would feel good on a dick. Mine, yours, his own, doesn't matter. Everyone but me called him Jay because they couldn't pronounce his "funny" name.

I ran a smallish store so everyone knows everyone else and these two guys, being pretty close in age, hung out sometimes. I'd also heard they like a lil' recreational medication. Ethan was straight but I'd heard from the previously mentioned warehouse coordinator that he got handsy when he smoked and Joaquín was more than happy with that. It hadn't gone beyond a little feeling up, from what I heard.

This information was of no use to me, because as their boss I had to stay hands off and as a married man I needed to stay hands off. My husband had cheated once and we had worked through it but I was not going to give him the satisfaction of making the same mistake. I was the bigger person and I liked it that way.

It was a Sunday evening in the middle of summer, still light out, when Ethan and I closed up shop for the night. We walked to the exit and I saw Joaquín's van sitting in our back in the employee parking area.

"Hey boss, do you mind dropping the deposit yourself tonight? I got a ride with Jay and it's not on his way."

"No prob, I have some paperwork I wanted to catch up on. I'll lock up behind you and get that done before I head out."

"Thanks, you're the coolest Mr. Johnson"

I shook my head. No matter how many times I told Ethan to call me by my first name, he insisted on calling me Mr. Johnson. I was only about 10 years older than him, I wasn't really a "Mister." Ok, maybe 15 years older but who's counting?

After securing the bank bag in the safe in my office, I reopened my payroll files. Since it was a warm summer night I propped the outer door open to let a breeze in and enjoy the little bit of light left in the sky.

I was balls deep in payroll spreadsheets and schedules when I smelled the unmistakable scent of burning leaves. Not maple or oak, more grassy. Herbal. I poked my head out of the door and knew it was coming from the direction of the employee parking lot. Should I check if the boys were still out there? It's my store so it's my business. If it wasn't illegal, I wouldn't care.

After a brief debate I locked the door and walked around the corner to check out the situation. The van loomed before me, the windshield facing the never ending cornfield next door. As I approached the vehicle, I heard soft grunts and moans. I didn't see any smoke through the partially opened driver's window but no people were sitting in the seats either.

Should I knock? Clearly someone is in there, and no one else is around to cause the weed smell still lingering in the area. I'll just tell them they need to find someplace else to toke up.

Coming around to the front of the van, I could see clear through to the back. Behind the two captain's chairs, the other seats had been removed and replaced with a couple of bean bags and pillows. An upturned bucket provided a resting place for a glass pipe, no longer smoldering, and two bottles of iced tea. I barely registered all this because sprawled out on the pile of cushions was Ethan, shirtless, and Joaquín with his hands in Ethan's joggers and his pillowy lips on Ethan's large pink nipples.

Joaquín's head was engaged with an expanse of hairy flesh and Ethan's head was lolled back expelling those moans I'd heard earlier so neither saw me peeping through the windshield. 

Warring inside of me was the desire to stand there and watch these two young lovers and see where they lead and the responsibility to announce myself and get them to take their shaggin' wagon elsewhere.

As I stood there, Ethan began pushing his pants down his soft, white thighs. They were meaty and hairy and I ached to run my fingers, my nails and my tongue up and down them. His crotch was obscured by Joaquín's hand feverishly working in his black briefs. He wasn't stroking the cock. He seemed to be running his fingers along the taint.

Joaquín moved to pull the underwear down as well, leaving only socks as the only clothing left on his partner's body. He pulled his lips away from their nipple pleasuring duty and unbuttoned his own shirt and yanked his shorts off in two quick motions, revealing a jock strap. 

The two young men kissed, deep and full. I could feel my body flush as an erection grew in my pants. Ethan reached up and finished removing Joaquín's shirt. I knew if he turned his head I would be discovered so I quickly formulated a plan.

Yanking the side door open, I exclaimed "What's going on in here?"

Both heads whipped to the side, giving me wide eyed expressions of shock and fear. From the side, the scene was even more arousing. Ethan's legs were spread revealing a six inch cock, hard and poking into Joaquín's abs. I didn't know Joaquín had abs. And pecs, all covered with dark, trimmed hair. Joaquín perfect ass was framed by the jock, his crotch straining the fabric in front and resting under Ethan's balls. They were chest to chest, hair tousled and flesh exposed to the summer air and their boss' full view.

"I see the pot made some young men horny," I said with a small grin.

Both started reaching for clothing, and quickly put up my hands.

"I don't know why you guys risked your jobs to smoke pot and swap spit in your own employer's parking lot, but I'm kinda glad you did. You see, I think you both are fucking hot and as your boss I can't say that or do anything to indicate that. But I am going to offer you a deal. I don't tell the cops, your parents or my boss about what I saw here and you guys let me keep seeing it."

Ethan looked up at Joaquín. "Dude, I can't let my parents find out. I think we should do what he wants."

Joaquín nodded. "Mr. Johnson, are you serious? You wanna watch us, um, you know? And you won't say anything?"

I laughed. "I promise. You guys gotta keep my secret as well. I'd be in a world of trouble if the higher ups knew what I'm letting you do on company property, not to mention my husband. I mean, it's not cheating just to watch, right? It's like porn, only hotter."

"If you say so."

"Ok, just pretend I'm not here," I said as I climbed into the van. I swiveled the passenger's seat around and sat down, shutting the door behind me.

Both boys laughed nervously. "I mean it, just make out and you'll forget I'm here in no time."

I noticed Ethan hadn't lost any of his wood during this conversation so I didn't think he minded the extra eyes on him. He grabbed Joaquín's head and pulled him down to his own face.

Lips met again and soon soft moans filled the van. A flurry of hands running on chests and backs filled my vision. I was hard as a rock by the time Joaquín brought his mouth down the chest and onto the dick of his coworker.

Ethan instantly began to squirm as Joaquín licked and sucked his cock. Joaquín's ass was sticking up, bouncing up and down with the bobbing of his head. It was so round, beautiful brown skin covered with a dusting of hair. The two perfect cheeks didn't reveal the kill spot just yet. This was the kind of ass you had to spread to slide your finger or tongue or rock hard cock into. It didn't give up its treasure until you got it ready.

Joaquín stayed in the same position, face down on the crotch, ass up in the air, but began stroking the spit slicked dick with his fist. He turned his head to look at me.

"You just wanna stare at my ass, or you gonna grab some?"

Now it was my eyes that widened. I knew I shouldn't but was anyone going to blame me less for just watching? I might as well be hung for a sheep as a lamb.

Taking my fingertip gently across one check, I then raised my hand and slapped it. The resulting jiggle was so satisfying, as was the moan Joaquín let loose. I gave another smack before using both hands to spread those cheeks and bury my face in them.

He instantly began grinding his pucker against my tongue, using the full weight of his long torso to press against me. Pulling Ethan close to him, he began kissing him and both moaned in a chorus of ecstasy.

I pulled away and began removing my own work uniform. Ethan and Joaquín both laid back and watched me. I think they were surprised that for a thirty-something I still had an ok build and no trouble with maintaining an erection. With two very hot guys within grabbing distance, who would?

Joaquín grabbed my dick then reached for Ethan's, stroking them in unison. I hadn't been touched by anyone but my husband in years and the strangeness of another's hand was amplifying the already erotic pulses in my body.

Climbing down from the seat, I began licking Joaquín's nipples and squeezing his ass with one hand. With the other, I roamed freely across his dark, hairy skin. I slid my finger through his hair and pulled his head back to allow me access to his neck. Kisses fluttered across it and he increased the stroke on my cock. I pulled away and leaned down to Ethan's lounging body. I removed Joaquín's hand from its mission and replaced it with my mouth. I swallowed his young dick with one fell movement, wrapping my lips around the shaft and teasing the head with my tongue. He cried out, "Oh god, OH GOD!" and I kneaded my fingers into his thighs. 

Pulling his legs into the air, I released his prick from my mouth and buried my nose in his taint. He shuddered and I felt Joaquín smack my ass and it pushed my deeper into Ethan's crotch. The smell was intoxicating; I had to taste his boy hole as well. 

As I tongued Ethan's asshole, Joaquín began fingering mine. I inhaled quickly as he teased with one finger before licking it to slip it inside, down to the second knuckle. Moans escaped from my lips and into the other man's slick hole.

I freed my face. "You boys can do whatever you want with me. I will fuck or be fucked, suck or be sucked."

Joaquín laughed and said "Imma fuck your ass, you can keep eating his."

The two boys high fived and moved into position. I arched my back and Joaquín slipped off his jockstrap, releasing the biggest dick I'd ever seen in person. Almost eight inches, uncut. He smacked it against my waiting butt and teased my crack. I hoped I was ready - it was almost three inches longer than what I'd been taking for years.

Joaquín pulled a bottle of lube and a box of condoms out from under a pillow. It was like a porn set in here. 

While he readied his safe sex components, I returned to Ethan's body. So far I'd spent all my time on his crotch, which was nice, but if this was my only chance to fuck these two I needed to take advantage of everything I could.

Starting with a wet kiss and working my way down his hairy torso, I licked, kissed and sucked as much of his skin as I could. His nipples sprang to life under my nibbling; I inhaled the musk from his pits, and nuzzled my short cropped beard against his own before Joaquín grabbed my hips and pressed his wrapped cock against my pucker.

I put my head down between Ethan's legs and breathed in. The cock slipped in, inch by inch and the fullness was almost more than I could bear. Once he worked his way almost to the base, Joaquín began rhythmically pumping. I could hardly concentrate on the beautiful, hairy taint and balls in my face with the sensations that were coursing through my body.

"Mr. Johnson, your hole is so fucking tight. Oh god, I might cum already."

Ethan sat up. "Don't cum yet, you promised to fuck me tonight."

"Don't worry babe, I'll get you too."

My heart fluttered at the addition of sweetness to this horny mess. Or maybe it fluttered because I was getting railed by the hottest guy I'd ever hired.

"Mr. Johnson, I'm gonna slow down a little. Grab a condom and start fucking Ethan."

I normally gave the orders, but I wasn't going to argue. I'd been staring at Ethan's big round butt for two years; I wasn't going to say no to finally getting to plow it.

Careful not to dislodge the hard cock in my ass, I raised myself up and grabbed the box of condoms. Deftly grabbing and ripping open a packet, I slipped it on. Ethan rolled onto his stomach, giving me full view of his white, soft, grabble, edible, fuckable, lickable, smackable ass.

Slipping my tongue between his cheeks, I could feel him pucker and open a little more. Ethan moaned as I slipped a finger in. I spread some lube inside and pulled his perfect ass close.

I entered him, gently at first. God, he was so tight. I squeezed his ass with my hands, in heaven. Each thrust into Ethan pulled me off Joaquín's cock and the sensation of fucking and being fucked simultaneously will always haunt me.

Soon Joaquín pushed me down and began to jackhammer me. I was pinned against Ethan, not even fucking him just resting my cock inside. Joaquín threw his head back and let out a primal moan and pulled his cock out of me.

Whipping his condom off with one hand and rolling both of us onto our backs with the other, Joaquín unleashed a mighty stream of jizz all over Ethan and me. The hot splatter covered our chests and some landed on my face. He collapsed on top of us.

"Oh, god. It felt like I was fucking both of you at the same time and it was the most beautiful moment of my life."

Joaquín was a little dramatic, but I had to agree this was a special sensation. Speaking of special sensations, both Ethan and I still had throbbing members to take care of.

Ethan climbed on top of me and lowered his ass onto my stiff member. He rode it like a champion bullrider. Joaquín sat up and moved behind him, wrapping his arms around his torso and grabbing his lover's dick. He kissed Ethan's neck and the two of them melted together while my own orgasm began to wash over me.

I came inside the condom, inside the perfect ass. Ethan continued to milk me with his tight hole as he shuddered with his own release. His cum shot across me and mixed with Joaquín's in my chest hair. 

The two kissed, deep and sensually, before lying down beside me. Maybe this was the most beautiful moment of our lives. But how could I ever tell my husband?