 I could not believe my eyes when I saw our new neighbor. He was a dream. His tall frame was accentuated with well-formed muscles. He wasn't overly brawny, just right. I could see his arms ripple under the t-shirt he was wearing as he carried the boxes from the moving truck into the house. His Lycra bike shorts really hugged his ass nicely too I noticed whenever he bent over to pick up another box. I was caught in my daydreaming when I heard my mother, "Jonathon, why don't you go over there and offer to help him instead of just sitting here staring?"

GOD! Caught by my mother. It's a good thing she can't read my mind. It wouldn't do for her to know her 18-year-old son was fantasizing about sucking off the new neighbor. I hadn't told my parents yet that I was gay. I guess I'm gay. I have only been with one other man and never any girls. It's just something about the masculine form of a man that really gets me hot. And this one moving in next door was doing more than just getting me hot. My cock was already tingling. Maybe mom had a good idea for once. I could at least go over and help. It would be hoping against all hope that he would be gay too.

I walked over and trying to appear nonchalant said, "Need a hand with those?"

He was looking into the back of the truck and didn't hear me walk up. He jumped and spun around. His quick movements caught me off guard and I squealed. "I'm sorry," he said in a sexy deep voice. "I was lost in thought. I didn't hear you come up behind me." His eyes seemed to go over me from head to toe.

"No. It's my fault," I said. I shouldn't have snuck up like that. "I'm Jonathon, from next door," I said extending my hand. "But you can call me Jon."

"Rico," he said taking mine. "But you can call me anything you want," he said with a wink. "Now what were you saying before we both jumped out of our skin," he said as he smiled at me.

I hope I didn't look as dazed as I really was. Now that I heard his name I did notice his dark complexion. I released his hand saying, "AH, I was, uh, just saying, asking that is, if you would, uh, like some help with those boxes." 

"That would be great. Moving is always such a pain in the ass. I could use an extra set of muscles to help out," he said, still looking me over. 

"Have you moved a lot?" I asked as he handed me a box.

"More than my fair share," he answered as he walked behind me towards the house with a box of his own. "Just set it down anywhere over there," he said pointing towards several boxes at the foot of the stairs. I set my down next to them, reading the labels on some as I did. Most of them said bedroom or bathroom. One said "TOYS" in big letters.

"Oh, you have kids?" I remarked somewhat dejected, thinking if he had kids, he probably had a wife.

"No.? Why do you ask?" he asked as he turned to see what might have prompted the question. He laughed as he saw the box I was looking at. "OH!! Those are MY toys," he explained. I didn't understand what he meant. I was thinking it over as we walked back out to get more boxes. He handed me one that said "MOVIES" and told me to put it in the living room.

As I walked into the living room and set the box down, the top came open. I was trying to close it when I read one of the movie titles; "Blow Job Bonanza." Now that sounded like my kind of movie. I hurried to get the box closed before he saw that I was looking at his movies. I didn't want him thinking I was some kind of pervert, snooping through his stuff.

We hauled boxes for the rest of the afternoon between bringing them inside then taking some upstairs. He had a lot of stuff. From what I could see it was all his. I didn't see anything that looked like it belonged to a female or anything. I watched him as we moved. He was older than me by quite a bit. I would guess mid thirties. He had lots of weights and gym equipment. That explained how he stayed in such great shape. As we were hauling one of his machines into the basement I commented, "You have a lot of work out stuff."

"Yeah, I like to work out and stay in shape. I never have time to go to a gym so I set up my own at home."

"I wish I had somewhere to work out. We have a weight room at school but I don't like to go there."

"Feel free to come over here anytime and work out," he offered.

"Are you serious?" I asked not believing my luck. "I wasn't hinting at an invitation or anything," I added meekly, suddenly ashamed of my bad manners.

"No problem," he replied. "I would love to have someone to work out with. It gets to be boring when I do it by myself ALL the time."

"That would be great. I'll help you get it all set up then we can get in shape together."

"Deal!" he said slapping my ass as I went up the steps ahead of him. That simple little gesture sent sparks flying right to my cock. I turned back to see a smile spread across his face. The sweat rolling down his forehead was such a turn on. "You know we have been working hard. How about a beer break?" he suggested.

"I'm only 18," I explained. "I'm not old enough for a beer."

"Come on," he teased. "Are you telling me you've never had a beer?"

'Well, yeah I have but…" I admitted.

"Don't worry. I won't tell your mom or anything," he teased some more, winking at me again. I was really getting turned on with the attention he seemed to be giving me. I wanted to see if he was really interested or if I was reading things all wrong in my excitement.

"I would love one then. You just have to promise you won't say anything."

"Anything that goes on in my house stays in my house. I won't tell a soul," he assured me. We headed to the kitchen and I sat at the table. He grabbed a couple beers from the fridge. Popping the top he gulped down several swallows from his before setting it down. I watched him amazed as I saw his throat. He seemed to take the beer down without any struggle at all. It was all I could do to handle one mouthful and here he had just swallowed several without even coming up for air. "What's the matter?" he asked when he saw me watching him. "Never seen anyone chug a beer before?" 

"Well, no. I guess not like that," I stammered.

"Practice," he said with another wink. He polished off his beer in no time while I was still nursing mine. He grabbed a couple more out of the fridge and said, "Let's go work on the gym downstairs."

"Sounds like a plan," I said grabbing my beer and following him down. We worked for about an hour getting gym equipment set up. We each polished off a couple beers in the meantime. After the first one they seemed to go down faster for me. I was really beginning to catch a buzz by the time we had the weights all put away.

"How much can you bench?" Rico asked me when we had the bench set all put away.

"I have no idea," I replied. "I've never really done it before."

"You haven't??" He seemed shocked. "Well there's no time like the present. Lay down on the bench. Let's see what you got," he teased. As I was lying down he got a bar ready with some weights for me and put it on the bar. He came around to the other side and straddled the bench. His crotch was just inches from my face as he reached over my head to hand me the weight bar. I could see the outline of his cock just in front from my nose. "Put your hands here," his words startled me out of my revere. 

"Huh?" I asked shaking my head. I thought I could see his cock move. I was hoping it wasn't a hallucination.

"What has got you so enthralled?" he wondered as he looked down at me. "I said, put your hands here," his voice seemed to be getting softer. I looked up into his eyes and hoped he couldn't tell how hard my cock was getting. I was wearing jeans but still it felt like it was going to burst through. I let my eyes drop down to his groin again and this time it was definite that he was getting hard. His bike shorts did nothing to conceal the fact. I looked back up to the bar embarrassed at the situation but incredibly turned on. 

"Here?" I asked as I placed my hands next to his on the bar.

"Um, no here," he said as he took my hand in his and moved it over to the proper place. I could feel sparks shoot down my spine. I wanted this man more than ever. At the same time I was unsure of myself. I didn't know how to proceed so I turned my attention back to lifting.

"Yeah, that's better," he said leaving his hand on mine. "Now just lift straight up and let it drop slowly down over your chest. It should come right about here." He touched my chest to show me where the bar should come. His fingers seemed to burn into me. He left his hand in place as I brought the bar down. "That's it," he encouraged as I touched where his hand was and brought it back up. I put it back in its resting place as he said, "I think you would be more comfortable, you know lifting, if you took your shirt off." With that, much to my disappointment, he stepped to one side of the bench. 

I sat up and removed my shirt. As I tossed my shirt on the floor he came to sit behind me on the bench. "We need to loosen those muscles up before you lift any more," he said running his hand up my back. I almost shivered as he started to massage my shoulders. "Now just relax. This will feel really good if you just let me." His hands roamed all over my back. I could feel the heat from his body so close to mine. He rubbed the lower part of my back letting his fingers slide just inside the waistband of my jeans. I could hardly contain myself. My cock was throbbing. He ran his strong fingers up my back and over my shoulders. As he rubbed down my chest he slid closer to me on the bench. I could feel his breath on the back of my neck. "Jon," he said softly in my ear. "Would you like to go upstairs?"

I couldn't say a word. I wanted to more than anything but I didn't know what to say.

"Remember what I said in the kitchen? What goes on in my house STAYS in my house. I won't tell a soul. I won't hurt you. I promise." He leaned over and lightly kissed my neck. I let out a low moan. "I saw you staring at my cock. I'm sure you want this as much as I do."

"Oh God I do. You don't know how much," I finally sighed.

"Then let's go upstairs," he said standing and taking my hand. He helped me up from the bench and right into his arms. Our lips met in a passionate kiss that took my breath away. 

"I've only done this one other time," I confessed as he broke our kiss.

"It's ok," he assured me. "We'll go slow." We turned and headed up the stairs, holding hands as we went. As we passed through the hall on our way to his bedroom on the second floor he stopped and grabbed the box marked "TOYS". "We might need these," he said winking again. 

We actually RAN up the stairs and giggled as we burst through the door to his room. His bed was already set up and made. I looked at him questioningly. "I had that delivered yesterday," he said, reading my look. "Why don't we take a shower first? We've been working hard all day," he suggested slyly.

"I like the sound of that," I replied. We were both shedding our clothes as we walked across his room to the master bath. Inside was a huge shower. He stepped in and reached back for me. I looked down at his raging hard-on as I stepped in. He had to be at least 8 inches long and nice and thick. "MMMMMMMMMM," I moaned as I closed the door behind me.

"You're not so bad yourself," he said pulling me close to him. I measured my cock once and it was 7½ inches. Not as thick as his but still respectable…or at least I like to think so. He turned the water on nice and warm before pulling me into his arms and smothering me with kisses once again. His hands roamed all up and down my back before settling on my ass. Our hard cocks rubbed against each other in the mist from the shower. His kisses were everywhere along my neck and ears. I just stood there not believing my luck as I enjoyed his work. "Grab the soap," he moaned as he bent down to suck my nipple into his hot mouth. 

I inhaled sharply as my nipple slid between his lips, his tongue flicking it. It was all I could do to hold onto the soap. I rested my hands on his shoulders to steady myself, unknowingly pushing him downward. He reached for the soap and dropped to his knees in front of me. He lathered up my swollen cock. It slipped through his fingers like magic. His fingers snaked underneath and washed my balls with the soft foam. I spread my legs to give him more access. He let his fingers slide between my ass cheeks to my tight hole. The water cascading down from the shower rinsed off my cock so as his fingers found my back door he flicked his tongue across the head of my throbbing cock. 

I grabbed his hair as he tickled my ass with his fingers and licked the length of my shaft. Bending slightly at the knees I gave him better access to my ass. In doing so I thrust my cock towards his face. He opened his mouth and let it slide right in. "AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!" I moaned as he sucked my cock into his throat. I had never had anything like this before. His finger was slowly sliding into my asshole. I knew it wouldn't take me long to shoot my cum for him. "I'm close. SO CLOSE!" I wanted to warn him. He didn't let up. Instead he started moving his finger in and out of my ass, timing his strokes with the suction of his mouth on my cock.

I felt the boiling in my balls. "OH! God! I'm cumming!" I screamed just as my sperm shot deep into his throat. He swallowed every drop, milking me for everything I had. When I had shot my last drop he pulled his finger from my ass and let my cock slide out of his mouth.

"That was the best blow job I can even imagine," I told him as he stood. He answered me by kissing me deeply. I could taste myself on his lips and tongue. I felt his hard cock against my leg as we kissed and I knew I had to return the favor. When he broke from our kiss I tried to drop to my knees but he stopped me.

"I want to fuck you," he breathed in my ear as he held me close.

"But you're so big," I whispered back. The only other man I had been with just did my ass with his finger and had me blow him off. I wasn't sure I was ready for this.

"I'll be gentle. Just wait, you'll love it," he cooed. He handed me the soap after getting his hands all lathered up. "Take this and get my cock all soapy," he instructed. I wrapped my hands around his cock with the soap. He thrust back and forth slowly, letting his cock slide between my hands. The soap made it slide so easily. Wile I was coating his cock he slid his fingers behind me and rubbed more soap on my ass. 

"Turn around and bend over," he encouraged when his cock was nice and slick. I felt his hand on my ass and his fingers tickling my hole once again. I braced myself against the shower wall. He used first one, then two and finally three fingers in my ass. Each time I was afraid it would hurt but he was gentle and stretched carefully. By the time he decided my ass was ready, my cock was raging hard again. I felt his hands opening my cheeks. I tensed. His fingers came up to rub my shoulders. "Just relax. It will only hurt for a minute," he assured me. I felt the pressure of his cock against my asshole. I tried my best to relax but I was scared. I felt him enter, slowly. I felt the burning pain. I wanted him to stop. It hurt too bad. This was never going to work. He leaned over and I could hear his deep voice in my ear again. "Just relax, Jon. The pain will go away very soon and you won't believe how good it feels after that."

The sound of his voice in my ear and the feel of his fingers on my shoulders helped me to relax. As soon as I did the pain went away. Rico was right. I could not believe the feeling. My ass was so full of cock. He sensed my change and started to pull out. I thought he was going to leave me but then he thrust forward again. I swear I saw stars. I felt his balls slap against mine only briefly before he would pull back again. My cock was throbbing again. I couldn't believe how fast I got hard again.


I felt his fingers sliding along my side, sneaking down beneath me. He grasped my cock, stroking it in time to his thrusts in my ass. With each thrust forward I pushed myself backwards to get him as deep as I could. I felt the boiling in my balls each time his slapped against them. He kept pumping faster and faster. I could not believe the pleasure I was getting from getting fucked in the ass. It wasn't long before I felt him tense. I knew he was about to cum in my ass and I was ready for him. One more deep thrust and I could feel his hot cum exploding in my bowels. He kept stroking my hard cock and soon I was shooting my juice all over the shower wall.

When we were both spent he pulled gently from my ass and helped me to stand. I turned to face him and was greeted with a deep, passionate kiss. He reached behind me and turned off the water. "Let's get dried off and watch some tv. I think we could both use a little rest." I took the towel he handed me thinking of the movie I had seen downstairs. I wondered what we would be watching on tv.