 I am a normal type of guy. I have played around some what with girls and some times boys. All this was in my youth. I have never fucked a boy/guy but had wanking sessions with them. I am Jeff Davis, 39 years old and been happily married for some 16 years. My wife and I have two children, a 19 year old girl and a 16 year old boy.

My wife and I are your average type, sex once a week, usually of the normal type. My wife has no idea of my homo activities from my younger days which I do my best to suppress. My homo feeling show up when I fuck the arse of my wife, she does not like it but does it to please me.

The wife works away for home from time to time, some times away for a week. I,on the other hand work from home as a science fiction writer which earns some income, but the wife's income is much bigger.

We have been at this address for some 8 years and are friendly with the mother next door who has two children, the son Tim who is 18 years old but looks and acts like a 15 year old and Ann who is about 16 years old and acts like it. 

It was one summer day some three months ago that changed my life which I have managed to keep this from my wife. 

I was out in the garden contemplating some fictional story that my agent wanted in a rush. I heard a shout from over the next doors fence. I looked and the young lad Tim was beckoning me to go over to him.

"I'm sorry to trouble you Mr Davis but could you help me with this piece of wood I wish to saw up" he said.

I got round to the bottom of his garden and was told to hold this plank of wood on the work bench while he sawed it. I did as I was told and held the plank. Tim got the hand saw leaned forward and began to saw. It was a hot day and we both being in light top and shorts I could see the sweat starting to run down his back,and that is not all I saw. His mussels on his fine body and arse were flexing. I noticed he had a nice round arse and developed legs. My homo thoughts were rising along with my cock. Tim explained that he wish to make a bench seat to fit in his shed, at that point it started to rain so Tim invited me into his rather small shed to await the rain to stop. The shed was about 6 foot by 5 foot with a small window facing his house. The shed had a chest of draws and what looked like a double drop leaf table with the leaves removed making it a narrow top about 13 inches in width which was placed under the small window.

As I stood inside I watched Tim moving this plank of wood into position, moving about stretching and bending, I noted his skin between the top of his shorts and the bottom of his tank top, skin was of the light colour with little hair. I was getting a little excited watching him trying to fit the plank at the end of the bench. He asked for my help which I gladly gave while allowing myself to rub up against his body. It crossed my mind that he might suspect my motives, but he did not to say or seem to show it. With the job finished he turned around and faced me as I quickly put one foot on the new seat to hide my bulge.

Tim indicated he needed a hammer that's in the draw of the bench, leaning over opening the draw getting the hammer. Has he hammered the plank of wood making it fixed to the shed I noticed in the part opened draw a poro book and a tube of KY jelly. He wanted to know why I was laughing so I showed him the porn book. He was quick to say the shed gives him privacy from his younger sister who is always sneaking around and with a smirk on his face added the jelly smoothes things along. He picked up the part used tube of jell placed it on the narrow table under the small window and leaned forward putting his elbows on the table and his head in his hands and proceeded to stare out of the window as if looking out for his sister. I stood behind him looking down at is girly shaped arse and hips. I had the hardest cock I have known for a very long time. I was in a quandary, shall I stand back and make some excuse to leave or what???. Without any more thought I leaned forward allowing my hardness to touch between the cheeks of Tim's arse. With my hands at my side I waited some 30 seconds waiting for a sign from him, it felt like 30 minutes, and then he wiggled his arse a little.

I was now convinced he was 'up for it'. I slid my hands up his thighs and moved to the front of his shorts quickly undoing the top button and sliding the zip down, his shorts fell to the floor and he quickly kicked them off and opened his legs more cocking his arse up showing his puckered anus. I looked down at his anus and I had this urge to drop to my knees and give him a tongue lashing, but I did not want to risk this moment in time and break the 'spell'. I slid my shorts and with it underwear down below my knees, I looked up and Tim who still had his head in his hands looking out of the window, I reached for the KY jelly tube that was near his right elbow quickly un-screwing the top and applying a generous amount with some nervousness onto my cock, then wiping my hands on a near by cloth. I held Tim's hip with my left hand and with my right I worked the head of my cock up and down his arse cheeks until I felt his anus, then I pushed, he resisted I noticed his head drop onto his arms. Worried he might panic I moved my hands so as my thumbs were either side of his anus then I pulled him open.

It worked, I slid in and Tim gave an 'mmfffff' noise as I sank all the way in and could feel my hairs on his cheeks. I slid my hand up under his top and griped his shoulders and with three quick strokes I came with such intensity I have never had before today. I dropped my head onto his back and was completely out of breath with my legs trembling. I leaned back still holding his shoulder with one hand, leaning to the right I grabbed his cock with my right hand pulling it to one side so I could see most of his cock and stroked it about six times then he shot three ropes of cum' two landing on the floor and one onto the table top. I could feel all three of his shots as his anus contracted around my cock. Tim's head was laying on his side looking back at me, and not looking out of the window. I suddenly became frightened of being caught, I withdrew my cock pulling up my shorts and telling Tim that its time I got back home. We both dressed putting our clothes in some order, Tim asked if I would fit an internal lock on the door so he can keep some privacy.

I said "yes get the lock and I will fit it."

As I left the shed the world seemed different, that's because it was. As I walked up the garden path towards my home I felt as if a million accusing eyes were watching me and any moment now my world would come crashing down, the shame, wife leaving me, the kids shunning me. I walked into the home and the wife greeted me with a kiss asking if I sorted Tim's problem out, I gave a little smirk saying yes and went up for a shower.