 Somehow I had managed to stop myself from masturbating as I showered and got ready to leave my house. My mind was racing and my cock ached at the thought of what I was about to do. After weeks of responding to timewasters I had finally found someone genuine who was willing to help me fulfill the fantasy I had placed on the numerous personal sites on the internet. 

I wanted to suck cock. Although I consider myself to be 100% straight I had been getting more and more turned on at the thought of taking a thick, hard cock in my mouth and sucking it until my mouth was pumped full of cum. My advert was simple and to the point. I wanted to arrive at the other person's house, strip naked, drop to my knees, suck their cock, then dress and leave without any words being spoken or any other kind of interaction. 

I could feel my heart in my mouth as I double checked the given address and cautiously approached the door. Even as I knocked I thought about backing out but almost instantly the door was opened and I kept my eyes to the ground as I nervously stepped inside, fighting against the urge to look at his face.

I followed him into a bedroom where he stopped and turned towards me waiting for me to do what I had come to do.

Still without looking at his face, I began to remove my clothes. My own cock was sticking out in front of me as, naked, I knelt on the floor. Straight away he moved closer until he stood right in front of me with his crotch at head height before me. With my hands shaking I reach out and begin to unbutton his fly. As his trousers drop to the floor I can see the large bulge of his cock straining against his shorts. I slowly reach up and slip my fingers under the waistband and pull them down, allowing his hardening cock to spring up right in front of my face. Much bigger than my own cock I once again fight the urge to look up at his face to see who owns such a beautiful tool.

My hand reaches out and for the first time in my life I am touching another man's penis. With my other hand I begin to fondle his large ball sac as slowly I start to stroke him up and down. The musky smell of him makes me even harder and without even thinking about it, I do what I came to do. Leaning forward I open my mouth and take the large swollen head of his cock into my virgin mouth. The sensation is more than I could ever have hoped for and I grab his hips and pull him towards me, sliding my lips down further over his cock. Although I had never had a cock in my mouth before, I knew exactly what to do and began sucking the engorged member in and out of my mouth, saliva acting as a lubricant as I hungrily took more and more of this strangers cock in my mouth. 

My own balls ached as he grabbed the back of my head and began thrusting into my mouth, face fucking me until I could sense that he was on the verge of cumming. Suddenly his cock seemed to rapidly grow in my mouth and with a groan I felt the first thick jet of cum spurt into the back of my throat. With his hands clamped on my head I had no choice but to greedily swallow as spurt after thick spurt shot into my mouth, coating my tongue with hot, sticky spunk. As his orgasm subsided he slowly pulled back and his cock slipped from my mouth leaving a string of cum hanging from my lips which I slowly sucked back into my mouth and swallowed, savouring the taste. 

He then stepped back away from me and although I desperately needed an orgasm myself I got up from the floor and began to dress. My face reddened as I realised that I must have looked like a cock hungry fag in front of this complete stranger and I quickly tried to catch a glimpse of his face but he was facing the other way. I struggled to zip up over my rock hard erection and then, as agreed, I turned and without a word walked out of the bedroom and out of the house.

Wiping my mouth with the back of my hand I stepped outside into the night and began to feel embarrassment at what I had just done. I hurried home, hoping that nobody would ever find out about my activities but as soon as I got inside my house I rushed upstairs and brought myself to the biggest orgasm of my life. I could still taste the man's cum clinging inside my mouth as I lay on the bed with my deflating cock in my cum soaked hand. 

I drifted off to sleep dreaming about sucking more cocks...