 In my final year as an undergraduate I had the great fortune to be able to study abroad on full scholarship in the country of my choice. My lack of ability to speak a foreign language just about narrowed my choices down to a handful of English speaking nations. I finally chose to go to school in London, which was a decision that I happily made since London had always been a place I enjoyed. I enrolled in a small liberal arts school that allowed me to finish my degree in Sociology and if I wanted, would place me in a graduate program in any number of European universities.

My scholarship not only paid my tuition but also gave me a living stipend with which I could rent an apartment and buy groceries. I let the school decide where I was to live since I had little knowledge of where or even how to find a flat in London. They placed me in an apartment in the West End that I was to share with another student from the college. The apartment was rather large. If you were to walk through the front door you would step into a fair sized living room filled with bargain basement furniture. There was a small eat-in kitchen opposite the main door, bedrooms flanked the living room and next to one of the rooms was the bathroom. 

Both of our bedrooms were modestly sized and allowed for a single bed, desk and cabinet. I didn’t bring that much stuff with me since I could only pack what I was able to fit on the plane. These items included a couple books, some CDs, a discman, clothes, toiletries and my laptop computer. I was very happy with the arrangement; the building that my apartment was housed in was an old Georgian style house in a quiet residential neighborhood. I had quick access to the Underground and was able to reach my Central London school in a matter of minutes. 

My roommate was from Northern England and was also attending school on scholarship. His name was Ian and he was a nice enough person, although he didn’t say much and preferred to spend his time studying rather than hanging out. This didn’t bother me much since the purpose of my being in London was to study and I had to maintain decent grades in order to keep my funding. When we did talk, we exchanged bits and pieces about each other and found out we had some common interests such as history, politics, computers and sports. When he talked, he had a funny accent that seemed a combination of English and Scottish. Ian was as new to London as I was and really didn’t have any friends to socialize with. On occasion he would bring over a study partner and after they were done working they would pop out to the pub for a drink. I was free to join them and sometimes I did; other times I opted to stay home and study. I made a few friends in the first couple weeks of my stay but none that I would go out of my to be with. 

Both Ian and I got into the rhythm of studying and had few opportunities to take it easy. But directly after midterms our workload lightened temporarily and we started to spend more time socializing with each other. We went out to some bars, shopped together and took in a movie and through this interaction got to know each other better. I learned that he never had had a girlfriend, which I thought was slightly odd since he was a nice enough person and was fairly attractive. As for myself, I had left a girlfriend behind; we didn’t really break up but it seemed to be understood that we would see other people. I wouldn’t say I was on the prowl in London but I did make small (but unsuccessful) efforts to get a date here and there. 

One day, Ian and I decided to blow off schoolwork completely and explore London. We started the day off by going to the Tower of London, ate lunch at a small café in the East End and as afternoon arrived we headed over to central London. There we did some shopping and had a few drinks in before topping the night off by taking in a movie and eating dinner at a nearby restaurant. 

Close to midnight we walked around for a bit and wound up in London’s infamous Red Light district. There was a small pedestrian street lined with video retailers, strip bars, adult theaters, peep shows and sex galleries. We joked back and forth about some of things we saw advertised and kidded each other about going in to the some of the places. We came upon a place advertising peep shows and video booths for 50 pence. Ian said something about the fact that it was a good deal and being in a rather amicable mood, I suggested we go in. Ian’s face turned bright red and at first he refused. After some coaxing he finally agreed to going in the place and we opened the door.

Inside, we found a stairway leading down. We followed the steps and came into a small room that was lit by red neon lights. Adult videos lined the walls except for and older man who say in a booth behind a glass window. A sign above the window advertised the bargain rates for peeps and videos but we had to exchange our money for tokens. Ian and I went over and decided that we were each going to get about five pounds worth of tokens.

We were directed toward a corridor that led to the booths and we followed the hallway for what seemed like a long time. Ian and I came upon the peep shows first and decided we would rather see live women than watch videos. I opened the curtain to one of the booths and held it open for Ian. Ian looked at me nervously and told me he rather have his own booth. I became embarrassed and realized that Ian must have thought that I wanted to do something to him, which was not my intention at all. 

I put one token in the slot and a small window slide open revealing a rather shabby looking room with bed covered in black sheets. On the edge of the bed sat a woman who was topless but wore a g-string. The woman was not at all good looking except she had rather nice breasts and a huge butt. 

The woman saw me and shouted, knowing she had to penetrate the window. “ How you doing there young man? Like what you see? “

I was tempted to answer “ No “ but instead just smiled and waved. She must have noticed Ian because she turned her head slightly and repeated the same words.

The woman began to caress her breasts and eventually, one of her hands worked its way down to her crotch. In a fake moan, she rubbed her crotch and pinched her nipples. This went on for a while and after about 2 minutes the window for my booth closed – time was up. Somewhat reluctantly I put another token in and I resumed my peep show. The woman continued to rub her crotch and play with her breast. At one point she changed positions and got on her knees and started rubbing her crotch from behind. Now, I must admit, I’m a butt man and this woman’s ass started to turn me on. But, my window closed. I started to catch on – the woman stalls and you have to keep putting tokens in, eventually loosing all your money. I wanted to see some ass so I fed the booth again.

The woman was still on her knees, rubbing her crotch. She then stood up on the bed and slowly removed her panties, revealing a shaved, red snatch. She rubbed her crotch for a but and then slipped a finger inside her. I pumped more money into the booth because I was hooked. She got on her back, spread eagle and finger fucked herself all the while screaming in fake pleasure. Despite her ugliness, I had a huge, stiff erection and which I began to rub. But, I felt somewhat dirty and decided that no way, no how, would I jerk – off here. I could feel my boxers getting wet from pre-cum and I really wanted to relieve myself right there and then. But, I stood fast and eventually just ran out of money.. 

I lingered in the booth a while because I wanted my erection to go away so Ian wouldn’t see it. It eventually did go away and I left the booth. Ian must had still been in his booth because I didn’t see him so I decided to wait in the lobby and look at the videos. After some time Ian came and asked it went. I joked about the woman and how nasty see was and he sort of agreed. As we were walking up the steps to leave I started to turn around to say something to Ian and that’s when I noticed he was zipping up his pants. My god! Had he been jerking off in there? 

Ian and I resumed our studies and would, on occasion, joke about our visit to the Red Light district. That night had made me really horny and I wanted to go back without Ian. I had decided that I would throw caution into the wind and just beat off in the booths. I reasoned that those booths were there for precisely that reason and who cared what I did as long as I wasn’t hurting anybody. 

But, it was in a pub, with a few drinks in him, that Ian admitted that he liked the peep show and had been dying it return. I confessed that I too had had a good time and would like to return to the Red Light district. A sense of mission filled the both of us and it carried Ian and me back to the tiny street of sex. We decided to return to the same place we had been before and descended the steps once again. The old man that had been there previously was replaced by a middle-aged woman, with high, tossed hair and a cigarette dangling out of the side of her mouth. I suppose the sight of a woman unnerved me a bit; I quickly lost the enthusiasm that had brought me there. I realized where I was and felt a sense of shame about what I was doing. Not Ian though, he walked confidently up to the woman and exchanged a five pound note for tokens; I had never seen him so at ease. Sheepishly, I bought 5 pounds worth of tokens and we began to walk back toward the booths. 

As we reached the first row of booths, the peep show, Ian decided he wanted to try out the video booths. I thought this was a pretty good idea and we walked around another corner until we came to a set of doors. We figured out they were the booths and I checked inside to see what they looked. The booths were slightly larger than the ones in which we watched the peep show in; there was a monitor on one side and a slot for tokens underneath. A sign was hanging behind the door – “ One Token – One Minute “.

Ian cursed and decided it was too much to pay for five minutes of video. Agreeing with him, I brought up the point that with the peep show, we didn’t get too much more viewing time. 

That’s when Ian, in almost a whisper, said. “ Well, we could share a booth. I mean, it will get us ten minutes…. that’s if you don’t mind. “

Mind? What the heck was I suppose to think? I mean, maybe he had really taken the earlier invitation to share the peep show booth seriously and had decided he wanted to do something with me. Not that I was opposed to that idea but was I ready to be with a guy here, now?

“ Well, okay. I guess. “. I muttered from the back of my throat. I was shaking, terrified at what would happen. That’s when I noticed his hands were trembling. I guess I wasn’t the only one. 

I entered the booth and Ian followed closing the door behind him. It felt like a coffin in there, and although we weren’t touching, Ian and I fit tightly. The monitor was on but not in use, emitting an eerie, faint glow. I could see the outlines of Ian’s face but moreover, I could hear his breathing. 

“ Um, should I put a token in? “ Ian asked. Rather than answering him with words I sort of let out an affirmative sound. 

I heard him slip money into the machine and almost instantly a menu appeared on the screen. The top of the screen read “ TOUCH SCREEN TO SELECT TOPIC “ and the topics were “ SOLO GIRLS “, “ HARDCORE XXX “, “ EBONY “, “ INDIAN “, “ ANAL “, “ GROUP “ and lastly “ GAY “. We deliberated for a short time and decided on the hardcore option, realizing time was money. 

A video popped up on the screen, which was already in progress: A woman with huge, fake breasts was getting it from behind from some porn star stud. They both moaned and occasionally one of them would say “ Oh yea. “. But the screen quickly went dead; the minute had passed. Ian fed the machine again and selected the same video. The scene resumed. 

I felt an erection building in my pants and reached down to squeeze it, hoping Ian wouldn’t see. Honestly though, I didn’t know if the video itself made me horny, or if it was the fact that I was watching it in a small booth with another guy that turned me on. Ian fed the machine several more times, each time selecting the same video. My erection became very hard and to top it off, I felt my boxer’s getting wet. Several times I glanced over at Ian who appeared to be fixated on the screen. I took a peek down to his crotch and noticed that he too, was rubbing his pants. It was a very odd thing, both of there, obviously sexually aroused, confined in a small area. Suddenly, I felt very hot and butterflies were now fluttering in my stomach. 

For a second I didn’t realize that Ian was saying something to me. “ I’m all out, you want to put some money in or do you want to go to the peep show. “

Hesitating, I told him I’d stay where we were and I fed the machine. Ian suggested we try another video and left the choice up to me. I raised my finger and moved it over the selections. For some reason I paused over “ GAY “, but then hit “ INDIAN “ instead.

“ Hah. “ Ian said in a nervous voice. “ I like Indian girls “.

The video flashed on to show a beautiful Indian woman receiving head from what appeared to be an equally beautiful Indian lady. My penis was really hard now and I could feel myself close to the edge of cumming. Moving my hand down, I softly stroked my dick; afraid that too much stimulation would fill my pants with semen. 

I told Ian. “ This is good. I’m going to just put the rest of my tokens in and hope it stores them on credit. “

“ Okay, that’s cool “. He replied and I fed the machine the rest of my money. 

The situation was nearing critical in my pants and I began to worry that I would cum all over myself. I looked down to Ian’s crotch and could make out the outline of his hard-on. He must have been as excited as I was. I sort of stared at his crotch for a while until I realized that he was looking at me out of the corner of his eye. I was so embarrassed I didn’t know what to do so I just stood up straight and watched the movie. 

Meanwhile, my cock was about ready to explode and the slightest thing would set it off. Even the restriction of my pants was giving me enough pleasure to reach orgasm. I needed to something and do it fast because I did not want to travel home with wet shorts. But what could I do? That’s when I made the decision.

“ Um… “ I whispered to Ian without turning to address him. “ I am really, well, I… my, um. Well, I kinda want to um… because I’m really excited. By this video I mean. So… I kinda want to. “

Ian’s voice cracked. “ Oh yea. I understand. Me too, really. I guess that’s what these places are for… Should we go to separate booths or…. “

“ Or um. Yea, ha. Well, I mean I guess we could just stay in here and do it together. I mean, in the same booth… it’s kinda weird but um, whatever. “

“ Yea, this way we could both watch the video and get it over with, I guess. “

But our awkward conversation was cut short by the end of the video. Neither of us had any tokens left and we were left standing there in the dark. 

I cut the silence. “ Well, what should we do? I guess we could get more tokens or maybe just get out of here. “

“ Well, whatever you want to do, I don’t care. I mean, since we’re here I guess. “

“ Okay. “ I replied. “ Should we split up now or stay together… I mean, in the same booth. “

“ I guess it’s cheaper if we stay together. In the same booth. “

After more nervous banter Ian volunteered to get more tokens. So I waited, in the dark by myself. Trembling. My erection was still there, but the immediacy of my orgasm was gone. And my pants were soaked. So many things were rushing through my mind: I wanted to Ian to come back just to break the tension I had from isolation but on the other hand I had never done anything like this with a guy. Although….

The door swung open and I jumped. It was Ian. He sort of said hello as if we hadn’t seen each other for long time then closed the door. He fed the machine all the tokens he had, I don’t know how many he put in, and the menu appeared on the screen again. 

“ What should we see this time? “ he asked. The funny part was “ GAY “ seemed to be bigger than the other choices. 

“ I don’t know. “ I told him. “ I think it’s your pick. “

His finger rotated among the choices and I couldn’t help but think he hesitated over “ GAY “ each time his hand passed over the button. But he finally chose “ ANAL “ and we were treated to a scene in which a woman was bouncing up and down on a huge cock shoved up her ass. 

We both watched the scene for a while in silence. To tell the truth, I was not really paying attention to the video. Rather, I was wondering what to do next. I decided it would be best just to do whatever we were going to do, and get it over with quickly. 

I silently undid my belt and unfastened the button on my pants. I tried had to undo my zipper without making a noise but it made a sound anyway. I stopped and glanced up at Ian, who was looking down at my crotch. He then turned to the video, and started to undo his pants as well until finally, we were both standing there, next to each other, with our pants undone. 

I could feel the air on my cock and felt relief now that my dick had some room to breath. Still, it was behind my wet boxer shorts and I tried to figure out my next move. Should I just take it out and begin to stroke it or should I sort of play with it where it was? If I was going to take it out, I had the choice of letting my cock out of the fly, pulling my boxers below my nuts or pulling my pants down to the bottom of my ass.

And then I started thinking about how horny I was, and how much I was tired of beating off and how much I wanted to touch someone else’s skin. I made the decision, in the heat of the moment, that I didn’t care if that skin belonged to a girl or…. Ian. How was I going to play this? How was I going to make a move? 

I pulled my pants and underwear down to just above my knees. My dick popped out and hit my stomach making a sound. I knew this would get Ian’s attention, I knew he would be looking at me. I sort of just stood there for a while, with my hands on my sides feeling the air on my naked skin. I stared at the screen but wasn’t at all paying attention to it. I could feel Ian next to me, feel his presence. That’s when I heard the rustling of his clothing; I looked out of the corner of my eye and saw that he had matched me. 

The screen lit his cock up. It was hard and stood straight up at attention. He was cut like me and was the about the same size as me too. His ball sack was scrunched tightly up and under his dick and was covered in wiry hair. I could also see that the top of his dick was covered with a wet substance. I had never lusted after dick before, but now I just wanted to reach out and touch it.

I raised my right hand up and started to caress my nuts, then worked my way to my shaft squeezing it in my fist. I stroked it a couple times and then leaned back against the wall, thrusting my dick out so it was easy to see. Ian was working his dick as well and the moisture of his pre-cum covered his erection and reflected the light of the screen. I could see him flexing his ass with each stroke of his cock. Pushing off, from the wall, I inched over near him and we were practically touching. He turned to me a smiled nervously and I returned the look. As we were both slowly jerking our dicks, I pivoted my hips so our ass cheeks met. The feeling of his cold skin was electric and I was glad that he didn’t make any attempts to move away. We began to rub up against each other; friction was making our skin warm.

It was then that I used my free hand to reach behind Ian and softly stroke his ass. He let out a sigh so I continued… I had the green light. I used my fingertips to lightly massage the flesh of his cheeks and then grabbed his butt causing him to jerk forward. He let go of his dick and brought it behind me and rubbed my bottom. He wiped his pre-cum all over my butt and I arched back, pushing my rear into his hand. He then traced his fingers into my crack, squeezed and exposed my asshole to the air. I moaned audibly and turned to face him. I pressed against him so that our dicks were touching and brought our lips together. With our hands on each other’s butts, we made out in the video booth, grinding our crotches together. We were both making a lot of noise as our tongues danced together in our mouths. He was rubbing my ass hard and with my middle finger, I probed the exterior of his asshole. Ian pulled his face away from mind, brought his hand up, licked his finger and then proceeded to stick his wet digit in my butt. It was the first time anyone had ever done that and it sent shivers through my body. 
