 We threw our jackets on the floor and then kissed again, grinding our erections together through our open zippers, regardless of the fact we were smearing each other's precum across the fronts of our trousers.

Ricky smiled as my tongue entered his mouth and this time he let me penetrate him deeply, offering no resistance as I worked my tongue between his teeth and flicked the tip of it firmly against the roof of his mouth. As we kissed, we humped each other's crotches, our cocks both straining with excitement and rubbing against each other with their heads glistening and shiny, reddened and inflamed.

At the same time, our balls were pressing together, dangling down from our gaping flies, our scrotums snuggling into each other and bringing our sperms as close to one another as they were likely to get tonight.

Ricky pulled his face away from mine and then surprised me by ducking down to lick the head of my cock.

Jason chuckled approvingly. "That's more like it! Let's see ya get yer smackers 'round his knob!"

Ricky opened his mouth wide and worked it down the full length of my organ. My relatively small size meant that he was able to take my whole length into him and when his lips were being tickled by my pubic bush he clamped them closed around the base of my shaft and rubbed his tongue against the sensitive underside of my cock head.

Jason grinned over at me, rubbing the prominent ridge of his cock through his trousers as he enjoyed seeing one man consuming another's erection.

"That's fuckin' well nice, that is," he announced. "A bloke's face - wi' stubble on it - suckin' another fella's cock. Yeah, I really like the look o' that!"

Ricky's mouth worked up and down my shaft, as he used his lips and tongue to stimulate my full length. He was making deliberate slurping sounds as he swept up and down it as if wanting to emphasize to Jason how strongly he was sucking me.

Jason must have seen him swallow because he laughed, "That's right, mate, gulp it down! Drink his fuckin' cock drool... let him feed you wi' it!"

Ricky laughed back - an odd sensation for me, since his mouth was clamped around my cock - and then pulled off me to concentrate his efforts on my exposed glans. He lapped at my oozing slit like someone licking a melting ice-cream and then worked his lips over the red, swollen head, suckling it loudly and making it throb with satisfaction.

I smiled at Jason, enjoying him watch my erection being orally pleasured by my lover. He was captivated by us; fascinated to see one male so assiduously fellating another.

I pulled Ricky upright again so that his cock, much larger than mine, rose upwards from his trousers, and then lowered my head down to it to return the favour.

Jason laughed with surprise. "Ah yeah - take it in fuckin' turns, lads! Ya both love havin' a cock in yer mouths, don't ya?"

I positioned myself so I could look over at him as I tongued my lover's erection. He grinned across at me, by now making rubbing his large bulge rhythmically, as I tasted the exquisite bite of Ricky's taut, purple helmet. I couldn't help but smile back as I worked my lips across Ricky's cock-head and nibbled gently at his puckered slit, then I lapped at his ooze like he'd lapped at mine, relishing its rich, salty taste while Jason stared at me, enrapt.

"I love seein' a fella suckin' a cock," he told us. "There's somethin' about it - somethin' really sexy - which makes it even better than seein' a bird doin' it."

I lowered my face to sniff at Ricky's balls and, after finding they bore his usual delicious, manly musk, extended my tongue to lick at first one and then the other.

Jason called out in excitement: "Ah yeah! Fuckin' lick his knackers!"

I sucked at each of my partner's testicles in turn, pulling them in and out of my mouth like gobstoppers, and then went lower to taste my favourite place underneath the base of his sweaty scrotum. After that, I turned forwards so that I could fellate him properly. I opened my mouth as wide as I could to take the top few inches into me, and then he grabbed both sides of my head and started fucking my face in the way he often did to me at home.

Jason greatly enjoyed watching me be used like this and kept urging Ricky to be rougher, faster and to treat me "like a bitch!" Ricky seemed to relish flaunting his energetic technique and thrust his erection in and out of my mouth in rapid, arching strokes while Jason's hand rubbed even more quickly at his own through his straining trousers.

"You lads know how to suck a cock, I'll give you that," he said, as Ricky withdrew from me and pulled me upright again.

We kissed, enjoying combining the dissimilar tastes of our precum with our tongues, and then Ricky turned back to Jason.

"Do you want to see how gay guys make love with their cocks?" he asked.

Jason nodded enthusiastically. "Fuck yeah!"

Ricky turned back to me and we grinned at each other. He knew how much I liked doing this: sometimes I'd get so aroused from what we called 'sword fighting' that I'd climax.

We grabbed each other's bums, each holding onto the other's firm buttocks through the material of our trousers and underwear, and started thrusting our cocks against each other. We both made rapid, upwards lunges with our differently-sized organs, working our spit-soaked shafts together and smacking our plump, ripe heads together with each stroke.

I chuckled at Ricky and he leaned forwards to kiss me again. His fingers were pressing inwards towards my hole and I did the same to his, enjoying how hot his crack felt between his flexing cheeks.

After we'd kissed each other, gently and tenderly, we both looked down to admire the way our erections were caressing one another just as affectionately as our lips had. They looked beautiful together - lovingly sparring with each other - with the two of them working in unison to gratify themselves in a way I doubt that nature had ever intended.

I loved doing this with Ricky: the two of us having sex together using just our cocks. To me, it seemed an exclusively masculine expression of our love; our bodies working together as equals rather than one of us having to use the other as an orifice to penetrate. I knew Ricky preferred to involve one or both of our bums in our lovemaking (he had made it clear from pretty much our first real 'date' how much he liked and expected regular anal sex), but on the occasions that we joined together like this, stimulating each other using only the movements of our penises, I always enjoyed this as a uniquely gay form of sex.

We thumped our cocks back and forth into each other with the same insistent rhythm, each of our wettened organs smearing the other with our oozing precum, with Ricky's fattened bell-end sweeping against mine and making a distinctive moist clicking sound as he did so. That sound, which was peculiar to this activity, never failed to turn me on: it was the sound of our erections massaging one another; the sound Ricky and I made when we were making love as only two men can.

Ricky grinned more broadly at me as I started to gasp with pleasure at the way my cock was being exquisitely stroked back and forth by his. It was a sensation which, by virtue of his larger size and thicker shaft, I always found to be breathlessly exciting.

"Aah... aah... aah!" I called out to the rhythm of his pounding cock, as he ground his hands through the seat of my trousers and pushed his fingertips hard against the raised pucker of my anus.

Ricky turned back to Jason and smiled across at him. "I bet you didn't know gay guys could do this with their dicks."

Jason shrugged: he didn't seem overly impressed. "I used to do somethin' like that wi' me brother when we was kids. We didn't think of it as 'gay' though. We used to call it knobbin' each other."

I turned to look at him, starting to pant with the enjoyment of working our now-slippery cocks together back and forth.

"Your brother?" I gasped. "Wow!"

Jason waved his hand dismissively. "It wasn't nothin' like that, mate. Our dad used to say playin' wi' yourself were dirty, so it were just a way for the both of us to spunk up without wankin' off."

Ricky stopped working his cock against mine and took his hands off my bum. He embraced me, as if we were hugging each other lovingly, and put his face against mine so that he could whisper in my ear.

"We've got to do something to surprise him, Scott," he quietly suggested. "Something that'll really turn him on."

"In the gents, earlier on," I whispered back to him, "he was interested that gay guys like rimming."

Ricky chuckled. He was always up for getting his face into my butt. "Okay, but we'll do it slowly. We don't want to disgust him."

We pulled back from each other and Ricky gestured for me to turn around.

"Do you want me to take my trousers off?" I asked but he shook his head.

"Not yet," he said.

"Come on, you guys," Jason called across. "All that dick rubbin' shit has made me knob go soft."

I looked across at him and saw that his bulge was indeed far less impressive than it had been earlier. If Jason had a homosexual component to his sexuality, and it seemed likely that he did, he certainly wasn't a big fan of frottage.

I turned around and bent forwards to direct my bum towards Ricky and Jason called over in encouragement, "That looks better, lads. Let's see you 'ave a bit o' bum fun together!"

Jason urged Ricky to pull my trousers down, no doubt eager to see two men anally copulating in front of him, but Ricky surprised him by leaning forwards and grabbing me by the hips with my trousers still fastened up.

"Come on, stop fannying around!" Jason snapped. "Get yer fuckin' stalk up his -"

His voice tailed off when he saw Ricky push his head forwards and start sniffing at the back of my trousers. Ricky sniffed at both of my butt-cheeks through the seat of my trousers and then pushed his nose between them, snorting intently at the more odorous material that had ridden up into my crack during the day.

"Fuck, yeah!" Jason gasped, his voice full of his surprise at seeing one man smelling another's bum. I turned to look over at him and saw him leering broadly at the two of us. His hand was back on the bulge in his trousers and he rubbed it slowly, recovering a little of its earlier glory, as he watched my partner enjoying my darkest scent.

"That's more like it!" he laughed as he watched Ricky push his nose more firmly between my cheeks. "Sniff yer future hubby's arse! Get yer nose right in there... stick it into his crack!"

Ricky inhaled noisily from the material his nose was wedging against my arsehole and I felt his start to shudder as his hand took up a rapid masturbatory rhythm on his cock.

"Yeah, go for it, mate!" Jason called out. "Toss yerself off while you sniff yer fella's arse! Show me 'ow much you fuckin' love it!"

Ricky pulled back from my bum and grinned over at Jason. "This is so hot, Jason! You have no idea! Do you want a little whiff yourself!"

"No fuckin' way!" Jason bellowed and then laughed incredulously. "You'd have to drug me or somethin' to get me to do that to a bloke."

He saw me looking at how large his cock was growing again as it hardened in thickened inside the confines of his trousers. He chuckled over at me and said, "That's not to say I don't like watchin' you pair doin' it, mind!"

Ricky reached around the front of my trousers and quickly undid my belt and button. He yanked my trousers down enough to expose my light blue boxer trunks and I shuffled them down further to give him full access to my backside.

Jason chuckled appreciatively as Ricky's nose homed back in on lower part of my crack. My lover sniffed at the material, enjoying how much coarser it was from where his finger had earlier rubbed it so roughly against my arsehole, and then burrowed his face more deeply between my cheeks, relishing the scent he'd come to associate with our most intimate sex.

"Go on - sniff his fuckin' shit-hole!" Jason grunted. His mounting excitement was obvious from his voice: he'd likely never seen two men doing this to each other and was finding, to his surprise, that it was hugely arousing.

I turned back to look at him and saw he was rubbing at the growing ridge in his trousers with a very rapid rhythm. I was reminded of a horny friend who used to rub himself through his trousers for comic effect underneath the desk at school: Jason's cock, though, was far, far bigger.

Ricky started shuddering again as he resumed his own ministrations while he greedily sniffed at the back of my undershorts. He always loved the smell of my bum: always had, ever since we'd met. One of the first sexual things we'd done together, when we'd gone back to his flat from the swimming pool, was for him to pull the back of my jeans down and rim me very deeply. It had proven to be an activity which he was never able to get enough of.

Jason liked the fact Ricky was so turned on by where his face was. He called over, "Fuckin' jerk it, Ricky, mate! You really wanna bum his arsehole, don't you? That's why you like sniffin' it, isn't it? 'Cause you wanna stick your dick up it!"

I felt Ricky smile against my cheeks as he agreed with Jason's assertion, his voice muffled by my buttocks and my underwear.

"Well, go on, mate... fuckin' knob him up his shitter! Let's see how a pair o' queers do it!"

Ricky pulled back from my arse and pulled my boxer trunks down, unfurling them across my buttocks like the skin of a banana. Jason watched him curiously as he inspected my behind, no doubt expecting him to shuffle up and work his cock between my cheeks as he'd directed, but finding instead that Ricky was licking his lips and preparing to go in for a full-on rimjob.

"Oh my fuckin' God," he cried. "You're not gonna do that, are ya? Tell me you're fuckin' not!"

Ricky must have smirked over at him, perhaps with a salacious wink, because Jason laughed loudly at whatever expression he pulled, and then I felt my partner's tongue licking between my cheeks, reaching inwards into my hairy crack to search for my hole.

Jason laughed again, perhaps through sheer disbelief at what he was seeing, and then abruptly stood up, hurriedly undoing the buckle of his belt. "I'm gonna need to wazz myself off, lads. This is just way too fuckin' hot!"

He pulled down his zipper as much as it would go and then hitched his trousers halfway down his hairy, tree-trunk thighs. One of his legs had a faded tattoo on it: I couldn't really tell but it looked like an ornate, almost gothic, design.

I was far more focused on the huge girth of flesh which his white briefs were struggling to contain, as he hitched his thumbs into both sides of them and then yanked them down too.

His cock rebounded upwards at its full impressive size, with a slight curve to its rise from his plump, hairy bollocks. The head of it was enormous: a huge red dome of excitement split in two by a broad slit at its tip which was thickly smeared with his slimy ooze.

He grinned at me as I stared wide-eyed at it. Ricky also peered over, briefly distracted from doing his favourite pastime by the sight of this bigger man's enormous cock.

"Quality meat this, mate," he quipped to both of us with a lecherous leer, pulling it downwards and making it bounce up again to emphasize how hard it was. "Pity it's not up for grabs - well, not by you guys!"

"Your wife's a lucky woman!" I managed to tell him.

He chuckled at that. "Yeah, if only she'd realise it! Seems like every day she's on her fuckin' period!"

He wrapped his right hand fully around its thick shaft, preparing to do to himself the thing his dad said he shouldn't, and then egged Ricky on: "Come on then, laddo! Let's see you eat him out! I've never seen anyone eat an arsehole out before!"

Ricky chuckled and turned back to continue tonguing my hole.

"Oh yeah!" Jason said in encouragement. "Get stuck in there!"

He moved further around the bed to get a better view, and then his hand took up a steady rhythm on his cock, masturbating his foreskin back and forth along its long, swollen shaft.

"Lick his hole!" Jason called out. "Go on - lick his fuckin' hole!"

I felt Ricky's tongue make swirling patterns around my puckered ring, jabbing firmly against my well-used entrance, and his stubble chaffing against the insides of my arse-cheeks. Jason leaned in further to better see what he was doing.

"Relax your arsehole, lover boy!" he commanded me. "Open yer ring so he can get right in!"

I loved the fact this guy - this stranger - was looking at my most private place; that he barely knew me but was watching my tiny wrinkled arsehole pucker and dilate to allow another man's tongue to penetrate me.

I pushed my backside outwards, squatting upwards like I was taking a crap, and unclenched my muscles, easing my anus open for Ricky as if he was about to mount me. Jason almost whooped with delight at how large and stretched I was able to open my entrance.

"Ah yeah!" he called out. "That's fuckin' massive, that is! You can tell you've 'ad loads o' knobs up that!"

Ricky turned to him and chuckled. "Mostly mine, I hasten to add."

Jason laughed back. "Yeah, you hope so! Now, come on, mate - lick 'im out like ya want to! And wank yer knob off while you're doin' it - let's see how much you're enjoying it!"

Ricky pushed has face back up against my bum and I felt him work his tongue gently into my gaping hole. His hand started pounding at his cock again: he didn't have to fake it - I knew he would ordinarily be turned on by doing to this me and would be all the more so for having another man leaning in to watch his every move.

Jason laughed more loudly at the sight of my partner's tongue working into my backside and called out, "Ah yeah! That is fuckin' well nice!"

Ricky started flicking his tongue in and out of me - fucking me with it in a suggestion of what he no doubt wanted to do with his cock - and Jason kept calling out, "Oh fuck!" and "Fuckin' yeah!" as he did so, his hand beating up and down his own engorged shaft.

He was mesmerised by what we were doing: it seemed it hadn't even occurred to him that gay guys had their own version of the cunnilingus he no doubt enjoyed with his wife. He kept leaning further forwards and changing his angle to get a better look, grinning and gasping at one man's tongue anally pleasuring another.

"This is fuckin' proper 'orny!" he told us as his wrist rapidly pumped his large erection. "You two behave like you're so prim and proper or whatever, but all the time, you're licking each other's arses like a pair of fuckin' dogs!"

I laughed, opening my legs further to give Ricky better access to my backside, hugely enjoying seeing Jason wanking himself off as he watched my lover rimming me so deeply.

"Does he do this to you every time he fucks yer arse?" Jason asked me, tittering and sticking his tongue out naughtily. "Does he lick yer tight little hole and make it nice and wet? Just before he climbs on yer back and bums the livin' shit out of ya!"

I laughed again, loving the crude way he was talking to us and noticing the fact that his hand was growing even faster on his cock as he was doing so.

"Only on special occasions," I replied. 

He liked that answer and laughed back at me.

"Grab his head," he ordered me. "Grab his head and push his face right into your arsehole! Make him smell it!"

I felt rather than heard Ricky moan his agreement - his own hand was working at his cock quite quickly by now - so I did as Jason commanded and grabbed him by the back of his head. I was unaccustomed to being so aggressive with my special man's lovely, thick head of black hair, but I wanted to show Jason how physical the two of us can be together and so I pushed his face more firmly between my splayed cheeks.
