 "Son I want you to take that huge piece of meat and fuck me hard in my ass!" I told the handsome boy then I noticed his cock get hard again. I wanted that beautiful piece deep in my bowels and quickly undressed and bent over the rails of the stall.

I heard him spit on his cock and rub it into his pole. I felt the hot hardness as it touched my back hole and I shivered in anticipation. The first push hurt a bit as I felt my ass resist a bit. As I felt him sliding deeper in my rectum the sensation was incredible. My ass gripped his young pole and I could feel every vein as he pushed further in me. I was soon filled to beyond capacity but I wanted all of his cock in me. I thrust my hips back to encourage him to keep going. I panted and started sweating from the increased pressure in my bowels. 

He finally made it all the way inside and I could feel his balls tapping against my own and his body was tight to mine. He stopped for a second to make sure I was comfortable with his presence. Then he started backing his cock out of my tight hole. He was scratching an itch that burned deep within me and I loved it. Soon he was thrusting in time, slowly at first but soon his need took over and he was pounding my ass hard and fast.

My cock was straining and leaking and I gripped it. I slowly stroked my cock as the youth pounded my ass from behind. My precum was leaking like a faucet as I enjoyed the backdoor pleasure the boy was giving me. I could hear his moans as he thrust time and time again. God it felt so good to have this young boy fucking my ass with his monster cock. I had never felt so full in my life!

I increased the speed of my jerking and my cock was soon covered in my slippery ooze. Then I felt his hand move mine away and he took over the grip on my throbbing cock. My hand felt good but his had was magnificent as it slid up and down my pole in perfect time with his thrusts in my ass. I began to urge him on.

"Yes stud fuck my hot ass! Oh son your hand feels so good, your cock feels so good in my tight ass! Yes ... keep fucking me you hot bastard!"

"Ohhhhhhh pops I am going to fill your ass with so much cum you are gonna think you was having an enema! Your ass is so tight around my cock. Your cock feels so good in my hand. Come on Pop's cum all over my hand!" He responded. His thrusts were lightning fast and I knew he was close to cumming. I wanted it to last a bit longer and I also wanted to look at him when he came deep in my ass so I pulled away from him.

He was confused for a second but I told him what I wanted and then I lay down in the hay lifting my hips in the air. He got on top of me and put my legs on his shoulder so my ass was in just the right place for his beautiful cock. He didn't even take his time when he plunged back into me. For a minute I thought he might make it all the way to my stomach when his cock drove in me. 

The boy with the bulge looked deep into my eyes as he pistoned his cock in and out of me once more. He reached down with his hand and grabbed my cock again. He was pile driving my ass and I recognized the look on his face, one that I have had many times in my life. His speed increased and he moaned as he thrust forward, driving his cock to the hilt. My tight ass gripped him hard and I felt his cock throb and explode as he sent jet after jet of his young cum deep into my bowels. At the same time my body jerked and my cock spasmed in his hands as my orgasm gripped me. My orgasm was so intense it sent a thick rope of cum from my cock high in the air and it landed right on my own face.

The boy with the bulge pulled out of my ass and took his hands and wiped the cum from my face and then licked his fingers. He quickly got dressed and then asked me for a pen. He took out a piece of paper from his pocket and wrote his name and phone number on it then handed it to me. He then looked at me and said anytime I wanted to be fucked to give him a call.

I think I might just take him up on that offer...