 I was driving down the street toward my house when I saw him up ahead. A young man, thin, wearing baggy jeans and no shirt. From a distance it was hard to tell his age, but I could see the muscles in his arms and shoulders flex as, left-handed, he threw a football to an unseen person near a house. As I got closer and slowed down - for safety, of course - he turned to look at me and I could see that his skin was smooth and brown, his abs rock hard, his jeans barely hugging nonexistent hips...leading to a tantalizing view of the "v" of his flat belly, which led to...

I shook myself and realized I was creeping by too slowly, staring at his perfectly formed lean, muscular frame. As I passed him, he looked directly at me and I nearly ran off the road as his piercing green gaze locked into me. I was wearing dark sunglasses, but I felt like he could see right through them. A small, knowing smile slid onto his thin lips and, as I passed, he licked them slowly before turning back to his unseen friend.

I made it home - barely - my cock a rod of steel inside my jeans. I sat in my driveway for a few minutes, pressing my hand into my crotch and groaning as my balls throbbed with urgent need. My nosy neighbors were out in their front yard, and the last thing I wanted was for them to see me walking hunched over to my front door, my cock creating a tent for all the world to see.

I finally got myself under control and made it inside, tossing my backpack and keys on the table by the door and unzipping my jeans as I walked over to flop on the couch. My cock burst forth, ridiculous thing that it was, and I closed my eyes, leaned back, and pictured him in my mind's eye as I began to stroke. It didn't take long. My boyfriend of five years had moved out a few months ago and I'd been drowning in the depths of a depression too deep for me to feel any sexual desire at all. This, today, was the first time I'd felt alive in almost half a year, and my body didn't waste any time getting back in the swing of things.

I came explosively, groaning loudly and grunting as my cock throbbed and spasmed in my hand. Months of semen splattered on my chest and dribbled on my hands as I milked myself with both hands. My hips jerked upward and all I could think of was the boy, about 18 at a closer look, standing in front of me and thrusting into my mouth as I sucked him dry.

I sat there breathing hard for a few moments, thinking furiously. I needed to get to him, to meet him and see what that secret smile had meant. Was he teasing? Did he know what he was doing? 

I jumped to my feet and ran upstairs to change into a pair of basketball shorts and tank top. I had been an athlete in high school and college, mainly baseball, and at age 26 I still had the build of a trained, toned sportsman. 

My heart pounding, I hurried out of my house before I could change my mind and slip back into the lethargy that had seized me when Scott, my ex, had told me he'd met someone else and had been cheating on me for a year. I had been so wrapped up in work that I hadn't even noticed he was drifting away from me, so my devastation was complete and savage. 

I loped down the street, slowing as I reached the corner, not wanting to approach him already panting. If all went well, there would be enough of that later...from both of us.

He was still out in the street, horsing around with a younger kid whose resemblance to him indicated a brother, and another boy of about 18, playing basketball now. As I approached, he had his back to me and the other boy whistled at him and jerked his head in my direction. He turned and looked at me, once again jolting me with his green gaze.

All of them stopped and stared at me. I felt awkward, being so much older, but I made myself press on.

"Hey," I said as I walked up to them. "Need a fourth player?"

They all just looked at me, silent, judging. 

"I'm Jordan," I said, my voice cracking slightly. "I live around the corner and saw you playing a few minutes ago. Looked like fun."

He looked at me for a few more seconds, then extended his hand for me to shake. I took it and he grasped me firmly, making me inhale sharply. I flashed on his large, rough hand surrounding my cock and jerking me off and felt myself twitch. His eyes widened slightly and he grinned, the corners of his mouth set off by dimples.

"I'm Ram," he said in slightly accented English, squeezing and letting go of my hand. He gestured to the other boys. "My brother Julian and my cousin Cesar."

I shook their hands and we formed teams, Ram deciding to put Cesar and me on the same team. They were all tall and lean, even the younger Julian, but at 6'2 I was taller than all of them. We played shirts and skins, with Cesar and me being shirts. Ram's lean, muscular frame was even sexier up close, and I had to force myself to keep from staring at him.

Ram decided to cover me, and what followed was the most sensual, hot, exciting game of basketball I had ever played. Ram was very physical, not afraid to crowd me, and more than once I felt his erection pressing against my ass as I backed into him. His hands were everywhere, on my back, my hips, my ass....if it had been anyone else I'd have called foul, but with Ram it only served to excite me. I somehow managed to look like I was into the game, but I put my hands on Ram as often as I could, at one point even allowing the back of my hand to graze his crotch, looking amusedly into his eyes as I felt his cock through his loose jeans.

After about an hour, a woman's voice called from the open window in the front of the house, "Niños! Time for dinner!"

We stopped, breathing hard and high-fiving each other. Ram looked at me sheepishly. "Mi abuela," he said. "She likes us to have dinner together."

I smiled. "That's great. Family time is important."

I was shaking everyone's hands and getting ready to leave when a small, elderly woman came out of the house, wiping her hands on an apron. The boys straightened up a little as she approached, and she grinned at me with startling white teeth. 

"You'll stay for dinner, si?" she asked me. I was startled and threw a panicked look at Ram, who was grinning openly.

"Oh, no ma'am," I stammered, feeling my sweaty face grow even more red. "Thank you, but I'm all sweaty and I..."

"Psh," she said, flapping the apron at me dismissively. "You can clean up in the house. Any friend of my boys is always welcome at our table. Vamanos, muchachos," she said, shooing us all toward the door. I shot a look at Ram, who was shaking his head in amusement.

"She does this," he said, looking at her with affection. I looked at her, too, wondering what she would think if she knew I wanted to eat her grandson for dinner.

The house was bigger than it looked, extending far back into a deep lot that was surrounded by tall trees. Ram told me to follow him and, as the others went toward the back of the house, he led me upstairs to what I discovered to be his bedroom. It was neat as a pin, bed made carefully, posters of soccer and basketball players on the walls. There were trophies too, and photos of him at all ages in various sports uniforms. I turned to look at him and was startled to find him right behind me. 

He stared into my eyes for a long moment, then leaned forward and kissed me gently on the lips. I began to tingle all over as he turned me fully into his embrace. My mouth opened under his pressure and our tongues met, his hands groping my hair and pulling me closer. I put my arms around him, my hands on his ass, and thrust my hips into him. He gasped, but I couldn't help it. I began to grind into him and he responded, urgently pushing himself into me. I could feel his erection through the fabric of his jeans and my shorts, and god only knows what would have happened if his grandmother hadn't called up to us to come down and eat already, everyone was waiting.

We separated, breathing hard, and he led me to his bathroom, closing the door so I could clean up. I stood there and stared shakily into the mirror, trying to get control of myself. It certainly wouldn't do for me to enter the family dining room with my cock sticking out.

When I finally got myself together and rinsed off some of the sweat, I went out and Ram led me down to where the family was. It smelled delicious and my stomach rumbled loudly, causing everyone to laugh. I met Ram's parents, his aunt and uncle, and both of his sisters. Dinner was fantastic and the company of his family was refreshing after having spent so much time on my own lately. They were a loud bunch, but it was obvious they all cared very deeply for each other. I caught Ram's eye several times and he just gave me that secret smile, his green eyes twinkling.

After dinner everyone went to the living room to watch a movie. I was invited, but politely declined, claiming an early day at work the next day. Ram escorted me to the door and stepped outside with me, standing so close our shoulders were touching. He had put a tank top on for dinner, but I could feel the heat of him through the material.

"Come around back with me," he said. "I want to show you something."

Curious, I agreed, thinking he was going to show me a clubhouse or something. We walked around to the back of the house and he led me deeper into the woods. Once we could no longer see the lights of the house, he turned and pushed me up against a tree and kissed me fiercely. Startled, I didn't respond for a few seconds, but then the urgency of his kisses set me on fire and I kissed him back so hard our teeth scraped together. He moaned into my mouth and I grabbed him and turned him so his back was against the tree. I put my forehead on his, eyes closed, and reached down to unbutton his jeans. 

He sucked in air and I looked into his eyes, holding his gaze as I slid down his body, pulling his jeans and boxers down as I went. His eyes grew wide as I took his long, hard cock in my hand and began to stroke him gently. He put his hands on my shoulders, gripping me tightly. I stroked him with one hand and reached up under his shirt with the other, my hand caressing his tight abs and smooth chest. He pulled his shirt off and I reached for a nipple, tweaking it gently when I found it rock hard. He gasped again and I felt his cock twitch in my hand.

"Oh no you don't," I said, shifting slightly as I pulled my own cock out of my shorts. "I'm not done with you yet."

Looking up at him, I slowly engulfed his throbbing cock with my mouth. I slid my tongue along his length slowly, tasting him, and pulled him deeper in. I looked up at him and he was staring at me, rapt, eyes wide as he watched me suck on him. I teased his cock head with my tongue, causing him to thrust his head back and moan softly, eyes closed. His hips began to move in a gentle motion with the rhythm of my suction. I relaxed and took him deeper in, reflecting briefly that while Scott had been thick, he hadn't been this long. I made a game of seeing just how far I could take Ram in, and was pleased to find I could take all of him as long as I relaxed and breathed through my nose.

He was moaning louder now, his hips thrusting faster, and I had a decision to make. I wanted so badly for him to come in my mouth, but I didn't want it to be over yet. My own balls and cock were throbbing painfully, and I had to force myself to stop stroking so I didn't come yet.

'Oh, what the hell?' I thought, and decided to let him come if he was going to. I figured there would be more encounters after this so I began to suck him harder and faster, sliding one of my hands around to his ass and fingering his asshole. As soon as I slid a finger inside him he cried out and his cock began to spasm in my mouth, his hips pressed hard against me, his hands so tight in my hair I thought I might suffocate in his groin. I swallowed every spurt, and there was a lot of it. I used my other hand to massage his tight balls and kept milking him with my mouth, letting him thrust into me as hard as he wanted to. I was used to it. Scott had been a hard cummer, sometimes gagging me with the force of his orgasms. I could take this all night.

Finally, spent, he pulled his cock out of my mouth and sagged against the tree, his jeans and boxers in a puddle around his ankles. I sat back on my heels, my cock still stiff and sticking out of my shorts. 

"Holy fuck," he said, his voice cracking through the registers. He sank down to a sitting position, legs spread wide in the unconscious ease of youth. He looked at me, noticing I was stroking my cock.

"Was that your first...?" I asked.

"My first blow job? Oh, hell nah," he said. "I've had lots. Just...none that good. Most of the guys at school don't have a fucking clue what to do."

I raised an eyebrow at him. "Oh? And how many guys at school give other guys blowjobs?"

He laughed. "You'd be surprised. A lot of handjobs happening too, during gym mostly, but also in the library and the auditorium during assemblies."

My cock twitched at this. "Really? Like, right there during school?"

He laughed. "Fuck yeah. I've had some of the best handjobs from guys during school assemblies."

"Aren't you afraid of getting caught?" I asked, fascinated.

"Nah. As long as we're not being disruptive the teachers leave us alone."

"Holy shit, that's amazing," I said. "Tell me more."

"Well, it helps to wear loose pants, like sweats or baggy jeans. Easy access, you get me?"

"Yeah. Go on," I said, stroking my cock. 

"Hold up," he said, watching me. "Come over here and let me do that for you."

I scrambled over and settled down in front of him, between his legs. He pulled me back against him and whispered, "Take these off," in my ear, hooking his hands under the waistband of my shorts. I raised my hips and slid them off and down to my ankles, then he pulled me back against him and began to run his hands up and down my chest and stomach. I groaned at the feel of his rough hands on my skin, not realizing until then how much I had missed being touched.

He slid his hands down my stomach and took my cock in both hands. I was very thick and long, and his large hands covered my length up and down. I sighed and, breathlessly, asked him to keep talking.

"Well," he said, "it's best to sit in the back row so there's no one behind you. The auditorium is always cold, so I always have a jacket. I put the jacket in my lap and start to play with myself underneath it, just like this..." He teased the tip of my cock with his thumb and I gasped, then he resumed stroking me gently. 

"Us guys, we know who's into it and who isn't. Those who aren't usually stay away from the back row."

"Usually?" I asked, my breath coming harder now.

"Well, we get the occasional horny straight guy who just wants to get off, but in general it's just us. Anyway, one of the guys will come and sit next to me and put his hand on my leg, then slide it under my jacket and start jerking me off. The trick is to be quiet and not move too much."

"Oh god I can just imagine," I gasped as he squeezed me on an upstroke. 

"Oh yeah, it's fucking hot," he said, breathing in my ear. He took my earlobe in his teeth and bit down gently, making me shiver. "Acting like I'm paying attention while some guy has his hand wrapped around my cock, stroking me, jerking me, getting me off. I try to make it last but I'm usually so excited I come hard within a few minutes."

"Then what?" I breathed, my hips beginning to move slightly.

"It depends. I sometimes return the favor, sometimes not. There are a couple of guys who like to blow me instead, but they're not very good at it. Nothing like you," he said slyly, pushing his cock into my back.

"What else? Have you ever been fucked?"

He stopped stroking me and was silent for a moment and I was afraid I had offended him, but then he sighed and continued jerking me off. "Not yet," he said thoughtfully. "I guess I've been waiting for the right person."

"Have you ever fucked anyone?" I asked, the thought of his virgin ass nearly sending me over the edge.

"Hell yeah. I've fucked a lot of girls. I lost my virginity to a friend of my mom's when I was thirteen, just kept going from there. I didn't realize I was into guys more until my freshman year, when some asshole senior decided to make me suck him off on the bus after a game. Imagine his surprise when he realized I liked it!"

"Ohhh fucking yesss," I moaned, leaning my head back against his shoulder. He took his hands off my cock and ran them up and down my chest and stomach again. I turned my face toward him and we kissed, slowly at first and then with more urgency. I pushed his hands back down to my cock and felt him grin as he began stroking me again, his hands slick with my juices. 

"I want to make you come so hard," he said against my mouth, and I moaned in response, my hips thrusting faster as my cock slid in and out of his slick fists. He wrapped his long legs around me and I could feel his erection pressing up against my back. I managed to get one of my hands in between us and I grasped him, making him gasp. It wasn't the most comfortable position ever, but I wanted him to come with me so I closed my fist around him and stroked him as he pumped me faster. 

I could feel it begin to build inside me and my balls tightened painfully as I gasped "Ohhh fuck I'm coming I'm coming I'm coming," feeling his cock begin to throb and twitch at the same time. Our cocks exploded together and I let him go, feeling him thrust his hips and stab his cock into my back as he came all over me. My own cock was spurting all over my chest and stomach as he milked me, squeezing and releasing until I had to push his hands away. 

We laid there, gasping, hearts racing, until we heard someone approaching, leaves crunching under their feet. We both scrambled for our clothes and got dressed just in time, as Cesar came down the path.

I don't know what he saw when he spotted us, but he had a funny look on his face as he told Ram he and his parents were leaving. Ram thanked him and told him he'd see them later, and Cesar turned and walked away, stopping to cast a puzzled glance over his shoulder before disappearing.

"That was close," I said, wiping dirt and leaves off my ass. 

"Oh, he knows," Ram said. "He was probably watching the whole time."

I froze. "What? Really? Fuck!" I said, running a hand nervously through my hair.

Ram laughed. "Dude, it's fine, really. Who do you think gave me my first handjob?"

I was left staring at him as he headed off down the trail, laughing at me.

To be continued...