 For the next two days I could not stop thinking about our coupling in the shed. I tried to fuck the wife up the arse hoping to imagine it was Tim's arse, but she would not have it. She asked what's got me so horny as she turned me onto my back and got on top into a 69 position. I got tonguing her pussy from top to bottom. Thrashing my tongue around and in her pussy, she moaned with pleasure. She started licking up and down my cock. Sex with the wife is ok, but limiting. She has never taken my spunk into her mouth, I always have to tell her when I'm cumming so she can finish me with a hand job or finish me by having sex. This time I will not tell her, I will make her have it down the throat. As she was busy with her mouth on my cock, I moved a little so I had a good view of her arse hole and I imagined it was Tim's arse hole. I started to lick it, she said I'm a dirty bugger (I hope I was) I felt the start of cumin so I stiffing up my tongue and rammed it into her anus at the same time held her head down onto my cock and climaxed into her mouth. I held her head against her will. I must have cum loads, or so it felt like it. After I finished and releasing her head from my cock she rolled of the bed and very angrily said "I'm going to the bathroom for a mouth wash – you pervert" 

Some days latter I was sitting in the garden writing some notes of my thoughts about the next chapter in my science fiction book for my agent. There was a shout from next doors garden, looking up to see it was Tim holding a lock for the shed.

Tim asked if its ok to fit the shed lock now and he would help me and supply the tools necessary. Yes I will be over to you in about 5 minutes after I finish this draft chapter for my agent.

I started to make my way to Tim's shed when my wife saw me and asked where I was going, I told her about the job I agreed to do for Tim. She noted that she was glad that I had befriended him and informed me that dinner will be about 30 minutes and kissed me. I went around to his shed seeing him holding a bolt type lock, he asked if this will do, yes I said. We entered the shed and immediately my thoughts flooded back to our fucking a few days ago. We looked at each other, smiled, then Tim gave me the lock and sat down on his new plank of wood to watch me drilling screw holes in preparation and as I was fitted the bolt to the inside of the shed door he said

"Its not fair" 

I said "what is not fair" 

With a smile he said "you have seen my arse, my arsehole, my cock and my spunk, but I have seen nothing of you, although I did love what your cock did to me."

I had to agree with him as I was about to finish fitting the locking bolt.

I suggested that he come to my house this weekend, my wife will be away on a training course, also my two kids will be at their grandparents for the weekend then you will see all of me and more. I cant wait that long he said. How about you locking the door and stand there while I wank you off looking up at me with a big smile. He slid along the plank and remained sat down and I lend against the shed wall facing him with my arms at my side with us both looking into each others eyes. 

He smiled and proceeded to pull my zipper down, undoing the top button and letting my shorts slide to the floor exposing my hard cock and tight balls. My emotions in turmoil, my breathing became shallow and quick. Tim just stared at my cock and balls for a good 10 seconds then gently blew his breath on them. 

He said - "Very nice - its beautiful" and proceeded to wank me with some skill, I though 'he as done this before'. He pushed my foreskin back and touched my cock head with the tip of his tongue spreading the pre-cum in a slow but deliberate motion. He cupped my balls at the same time as stroking my foreskin back and forth while looking up at my face. My legs began to shake, a sign of impending climax. 

"God this is so hot seeing you down there looking up at me – I'm near cumin" I told him. 

Quite unexpectedly my first rope of cum passed over his shoulder in a long arc most of it landing on his shoulder, the rest on the floor behind him.

"Weeee – yes" he said. 

He angled my cock to one side to allow the other two ropes of cum to land directly onto the shed floor. My legs were trembling and my body shaking, I was completely out of breath as I looked down with him still stroking my softening cock and that wicked smile on his face.

"That was the best hand job ever – can I bring you off now" I said. 

He pointed out that his younger friend, Joe, was calling any time soon, so you can't. Your house this weekend would be great. At that I left him in the shed and I went back to my house for a shower to remove the smell of sex before dinner.