 Disclaimer: The following contains explicit scenes of male sex and a variety of consensual activities. This story may not be copied or posted to any other websites without explicit permission from the author. 

All characters depicted are above 18 years of age. If any of this content is offensive to you or illegal to access in your geography, please do not proceed. The characters are entirely fictitious and are not based on anyone who has or is still living.

The author is not a professional fiction writer and is just enjoying a new hobby. I find it amazing how many words are spelled differently between Canada and the United States. If there are some grammatical errors, I apologize. There are prescriptions available to calm a person if they really get you upset.

Comments may be addressed to the contact on my profile.

*****

Max pulled up to his cabin, hit the garage door opener and parked inside. He sat for a moment and run his hands through his hair and rubbed his neck. It wasn't his first choice to be away from his home or mix with other people in what he considered to the city world. While he didn't mind wandering around in the little resort town for his day to day needs there were times he had to go into the city for meetings. He didn't like the city or most of the people who lived there. It was late afternoon when he got back to what he considered his sanctuary and he felt relief.

Max got out of the Explorer, grabbed his travel bag from the back seat and headed into his cabin. When he got inside, he looked to the kitchen and immediately saw it was not the way he had left it before his trip. Max had only been gone for a couple of days and was upset someone had broken in during that short time. He placed the bag on the floor quietly, silently moving into the kitchen. Obviously someone had prepared a meal for themselves, leaving the dirty dishes in the sink and a frying pan soaking on the counter after finishing cooking something. At least they thought enough to not make a total mess. 

Max moved stealthy through the kitchen and around the corner into his office. Nothing had been disturbed in here he thought as he entered the room. He quickly moved to a bookcase beside the desk and reached for a hidden switch. He touched the control and the top half of the bookcase swung open exposing the contents. There was an assortment of weapons in the hidden compartment. Max reached for his favorite weapon, a Smith and Wesson 9mm semi-automatic pistol. He checked it, carefully inserted a clip and used the slide to load a round. Max grabbed a couple of extra clips and put them into his back pocket. He also grabbed a few plastic zip ties and put them into the other back pocket of his jeans before reaching up and closing the cabinet.

The cabin was fairly large, built on the edge of a rock outcropping, looking out over the lake. It was made up of a main floor which contained the garage at one end, the kitchen, living room, access to the upper deck, home office, full bath and 2 bedrooms. The lower level had a large den, sauna, storage area, two more bedrooms and another full bathroom. The south side of the house was almost entirely made of glass to allow him to look out over the lake where ever he was in the cabin. It also allowed him to look out into the serenity God had created in nature. The cabin was his sanctuary from the outside world and he really didn't like the idea someone had entered it. Hopefully, he or they were gone by now. 

Max moved through the main level of the cabin without making a noise as he checked every place where someone could be hiding. The main level was clear, so he slowly made his way down the stairs into the lower level. Crossing through the den area while scanning it carefully with his eyes he moved towards the storage area. It was clear as was the bathroom and sauna. There were two bedrooms left to search. Other than the food and dirty dishes in the kitchen, he had seen nothing throughout the house which had been disturbed. Not your typical break-in he thought to himself. When he carefully looked around the corner into the bedroom, he saw someone sleeping in the middle of the bed, covers pulled tight up to his chin. Max thought before I deal with this one, I better check the other bedroom to see if he is alone. The other bedroom was clear. He moved back to the bedroom with the intruder inside of it.

He looked at the sleeping intruder while holding the gun pointed at the person. No, it looks like a young man now that I am a little closer.

"Wake up" he yelled.

The young man instantly sat up and rolled out of the bed and tried to get dressed. As soon as the words were heard, the young man's heart felt like it was going to explode in his chest it was beating so fast. 

Using the two hand grip he been taught by his security personnel, Max had the gun pointed at the young man. "Stop. Don't move. I have a gun" yelled Max as he stood with the doorway to his back. 

The young man froze in a bent over position trying to grab his pants. He stuttered as he pleaded "Don't shoot me, please don't. I will leave and never come back. I'm sorry. "

"Stand up slowly, put your hands on the back of your head and step backwards very slowly towards me" said Max clearly. The young man did as he was told. When they had backed into the den, Max told him to get down on ground, face down. The young man complied.

"Arms straight out from your sides, palms up" barked Max. Again the young man complied. Max lowered the firing pin on his pistol, jamming it into the back of his jeans at the waist. He moved in, grabbed one hand and twisted it over the young man's lower back as he knelt. His right knee was on the floor while the other one straddled the young man's shoulder and on his neck, pinning him to the ground. 

"Give me you other arm" commanded Max. The man complied again without a word. Max used a zip tie to bind the young man's wrists tightly together. Max stood and stepped back. He looked at the profile of the young man's face and he could see tears slowly escaping from his closed eyes. He was trembling as he laid there on the floor in just his boxers.

"Who are you and why are you in my home?' demanded Max.

The young man stuttered while speaking from the fear he was experiencing. "My name is Kevin. I was hitchhiking to look for a job. Last night was cold and I was hungry. I will leave. Please let me go" he begged.

"How old are you?" asked Max.

"Nineteen. I can work off the food I ate. Please let me go" he said.

"Why are you out here in the middle of nowhere? This cabin isn't easy to find" demanded Max.

"I was hitchhiking along the highway, hoping to find work at one of the towns during tourist season. I saw the tire tracks on the gravel road so I followed them hoping to find a camping site to spend the night. I came to your cabin and knocked, but no one answered" he replied.

"Why did you break into my cabin" demanded Max.

"It was dark, cold and I was hungry. I hadn't eaten for a meal for a couple of days and I was hoping there was some food in here" he replied.

"Where are you from?" asked Max.

"I don't have a home anymore but I was raised in Toronto" he replied.

Max was a good judge of character and this young man seemed to be telling the truth. But, there was also something else to this story which had not been said yet. He had been cross examining people for many years and sensed when they told the truth, half-truth or just an outright lie. Max realized he just hadn't asked the right questions yet.

The young man was beginning to shake from fear. He was trying to look at the man who was had tied him up out of the corner of his eye. He wasn't sure how to get out of this and was thinking how he had finally done it. He was going to be shot. He tried not to cry, but the tears wouldn't stop and escaped his closed eyes. Well, maybe death would be better compared to what he gone through in his short life Kevin thought to himself. 

Max was looking at the young man. In his lifetime, he had dealt with a fair number of young people who had been caught and accused of crimes. He had seen the guilty, the guilty by circumstances, and even on a rare full moon a few innocent ones caught in the system. Watching Kevin's body language as he lay on the ground, he was beginning to think Kevin wasn't a hard core little dirt bag. He saw the tears leaking from Kevin's eyes and he felt something tearing at his heart.

"I am going into the bedroom to look through your backpack Kevin. Is there anything in there you have stolen from me, any weapons or drugs?" asked Max.

"No sir" Kevin replied. "I only ate some food and slept in the bed." Kevin added quickly "I forgot sir, I used the toilet on this level."

"Stay exactly where you are while I go into the room. Do you understand Kevin?" asked Max.

"Yes sir. I understand."

Max went into the bedroom and looked around. Nothing on the shelves had been disturbed as he looked through the room. He picked the clothes off the floor and went through the pockets. Kevin had a few coins and a couple of free hamburger coupons in his front pockets. Max pulled his wallet out and it had nothing except a driver's license, birth certificate and a photo of Kevin with another young man, both wearing a speedo. They were both cute and even more so together. It looked like although they weren't hard they both had had started to bone up in the picture. The outline of their cocks was clearly visible to Max. There was no cash in his wallet or clothes at all.

He went through the backpack and found nothing except an envelope of papers, an old newspaper folded to an advertisement for seasonal workers in the local resort, a couple of toiletries, dirty clothing and an old worn teddy bear. The envelope had original copies of a Will from a woman of the same surname and named him as the sole recipient of her estate. He went through the clothing in the pack and he found nothing in the pockets at all.

Max went out to the den and he saw Kevin was quietly sobbing but he had not moved at all. "I am going to help you stand up Kevin" said Max. He leaned over and lifted the young man up to his feet. As he stood, his boxers fell to the floor exposing his body totally.

"I'm sorry" said Kevin. "They used to fit me at one time." 

He started to kneel down to pick them up when Max said "Leave the there." Kevin stood up straight.

Kevin was not a bad looking young man. He was older than when the picture had been taken in the wallet but it was him. He stood about 5'11", 160 lbs. He had some muscle to him, but they were not as defined as they were in the picture. Kevin had lost a lot of weight since that picture. He had no chest hair and just a very light treasure trail above the pubic hair. The pubic hair was a light brown and untrimmed. His cock was impressive and even soft; it was 3-4 inches long and uncut. It was quite thick and hanging over a set of large low hanging balls which would be a nice looking package in a speedo. The balls, from what Max could see were totally hairless. Kevin's hair matched his pubes and was light brown in colour. His hair was definitely displaying the bedhead styling. It looked like it had been short on the sides and back and longer on the top, like a spiked style. Now it was overgrown and was in need of a major cut. He had cute blue eyes with long delicate lashes. His face was pale and sunken, another indication of his not eating on a regular basis. There was very little indication of Kevin needing to shave except every couple of weeks. He had no defined beard. He was very cute though.

Max walked around behind him. He had long legs with a light covering of hair on the calves with nothing above the knees. His butt was tight and very cute.

Max walked to the stairs, turned and said "Follow me." 

"Yes Sir" he replied as he followed like a beaten puppy.

His head was hanging down, as if he had been beaten into submission in the past. Max went into the kitchen and straight to the wooden block on the counter where the knives were kept. He pulled out a big chef's knife and said "Turn around Kevin."

Kevin looked at the man with the knife and tears started to roll down his cheeks again. He knew he was going to die here in the kitchen where he had stolen food to eat. The man was going to cut his throat instead of shooting him. Kevin thought to himself about meeting his mother on the other side and resolved himself to his fate. He had been lucky his mother's sort of boyfriend hadn't killed him before his escape so he had been living on borrowed time anyways. Kevin turned his back to the man and through his sobbing said "could you do it quickly please so it's over with." He lifted his chin bravely to expose his throat. His tears spilled out his closed eyes.

Max approached the young man and heard what he said and watched as he lifted his chin. What the hell has this kid gone through in his life Max thought with his anger building? He reached to the zip tie and cut it off. Kevin immediately brought his wrists around front and started to rub them bringing his head back down in submission.

"What did you think I was going to do Kevin?" asked Max with concern.

"Kill me by cutting my throat" he replied.

Max reached out and lightly touched each shoulder, and turned him around so Kevin was facing him. He then reached over and gently placed a finger under his chin and forced his head up to look into his eyes. 

"Kevin, we are going to do a few things in no particular order. We are going to have a long talk about what led you to my cabin. We are also going to be discussing about you having a long shower. While you are doing that I am going to make us both supper. The last thing is we are going to wash all your clothing. Is that ok Kevin?" asked Max softly.

Kevin looked at him for a long moment and then asked "Really? You're not going to kill me?"

"No. If I was going to shoot someone for breaking into my house, it would have been done a long time ago" replied Max.

Kevin stood and looked at him with wide eyes, not really processing what the man had said. This man was showing kindness, no one had done that in a long time Kevin thought to himself. He started to cry.

Max reached out and pulled the young man into him, holding him tightly yet gently, rubbing his back in circles as Kevin started to sob again. 

Very timidly, Kevin brought his hands up and reached around Max with hesitation. The man didn't react negatively to his touch, so he reached around him more until Kevin was hugging him. After a few minutes, the sobbing stopped and Kevin released Max.

"I think we have a lot of talking to do Kevin" said Max. "Come on, I will show you to the bathroom and get you some shorts to wear in the house."

Kevin followed him into the bathroom and Max pulled out a big towel, placing it on a towel rack just outside the huge shower. He turned the shower on to warm it up, pointing out the body wash container and shampoo inviting Kevin to use it. He went over to the drawers near the sink and pulled out a new toothbrush and a tube of toothpaste, placing it on the counter. 

"This is for you Kevin" he said. "I will get you some shorts and put them on the counter as well. You may shower as long as you want as the water heater is an endless tank; it just keeps heating the water as you use it."

"Thank you Max" said Kevin as he stepped into the shower. Max left, returning a few moments later with a pair of running shorts and left those on the counter.

Max was rummaging through the freezer to find some food which he could get on the table in a reasonable time. He grabbed a large roaster of lasagna, put some water on it, and placed it in the oven for heating. The refrigerator had some lettuce for a Caesar salad and pulled it out. While tearing the lettuce he started thinking about Kevin. 

He seems like a nice kid. He has obviously not been treated well and hasn't been eating regularly. Is he on the run? What is he running from? Does he have family? He said he has no home now. Max resolved to get to the bottom of this. Kevin is cute and although he was younger than the type he normally chased...Max consciously stopped this thought. It wasn't the time or place for that type of thinking. 

Max is a 45 year old man who is the Senior Lawyer in his own law firm in the city. He was 6'1", 200 lbs with brown eyes and dark brown hair. His chest was hairy, defined but not muscular like those who worked out 6 hours a day to satisfy their own narcissistic desires. Max had a reasonably flat stomach for his age which he was proud of. He trimmed his chest and pubic region cutting it shorter but not smooth. He liked the look of trimmed, neat hair on a man. His cock was 8.5 inches long when hard and when soft it was a modest 4 inches. It hung to the left and only partially covered his low hanging large balls.

Max had worked hard as a lawyer and when his parents died; his father left him the firm. He diversified the firm into financial planning/management and real estate acquisitions as well as continuing to provide legal services. The firm made a lot of money and he lived by what his father had taught him; obtain the best people, pay them well and treat them well to keep them working for you. 

After the death of his husband two years ago, Max had bought this cabin to live in seclusion and away from the hustle of the city life. He felt good out here and hated to leave it. He could do a lot of his business by computer or phone, but he still went into the city to work with specific clients. He was quite well known for his work in the Gay community with donations to the various programs as well as taking on some court cases they referred to him for people who needed it and without fees. 

Kevin was in the shower enjoying the feel of the warm water pouring over his body. He was still nervous and felt sick about breaking in to the cabin and how would he make it up to Max. He had nothing to give him except the offer of physical labour to work it off. He was really sorry he had broken in but he thought about how desperate he was to eat. He had slept in the bed for a while last night after breaking in. He got up, ate some more food, and went back to bed again. He hadn't slept in a bed for a long time and it had felt so good. He didn't realize he had slept through most of the day. 

Kevin thought about how good looking Max was. He wondered if he was gay. No, Kevin thought to himself, I couldn't be that lucky. He washed himself using the shower gel and shampoo. Kevin wondered what Max was going to do with him when he got out of the shower. If he was going to kill me, he would have done it already so was he going to call the police? Kevin decided it was time to go out and face Max. After brushing his teeth and pulling on the running shorts, he went out to see Max.

Max was deep in thought while mixing the salad dressing when he heard the water turn off in the shower. He set the dressing aside and got a loaf of bread out of the freezer to make garlic cheese toast. He sliced it, buttered it and spread garlic all over it. It was strong garlic, just the way he liked it. Some extra old cheddar cheese was grated over the bread and he was done. It just had to be put into the oven to finish it off. 

Max was checking the lasagna when he heard Kevin quietly pad into the room. "Thank you Max for letting me to have a shower."

Max looked at him. He not only looked cleaner but more human. His skin was pink and fresh smelling. He had washed his hair and now it didn't look too bad. It still needed cut, but it looked better. He had dark bags under his beautiful eyes and they seemed to scar the beautiful fine features of his face. He was even cuter cleaned up thought Max. 

"Would you like something to drink Kevin? Sorry, I don't have any milk but there are lots of other things to drink' said Max.
