 At exactly 4pm I opened the door that led into the address on the ruler. A man greeted me at the door called me by name and ushered me inside. I had expected to enter into a foyer. I think I had imagined a dimly lit hallway that led to an apartment that Mr. George kept for clandestine meetings like this. Instead I found myself in a grandly appointed lobby that screamed of times gone by. 

"I am Dolan and you will address me as such, not Mr. Dolan, not Sir, just Dolan." He said. I started to say yes Sir, but stopped myself before it slipped out and said "yes Dolan". 

"This is a privately owned men's club and for lack of a name we just call it 'the brownstone'," he said turning heel expecting that I would follow behind him, "Mr. George has given me explicit instructions what will be required of you before his arrival." 

We stepped into a dimly lit wood paneled elevator. Dolan pressed a button labeled B and down we went. When the doors opened we exited into another, not as lush, brightly lit, stark white waiting area. "You will now take of your clothes and give them to Peter," from out of nowhere a tall handsome man that I estimated to be in this late twenties, early thirties appeared. He was dressed in white shoes, white pants and a white shirt and just seemed to blend into the room around us. 

"From this point forward you will never have clothes on when you are in the brownstone. When you leave here, which will be only to go to work, school or any activity prescribed by your Master you will be given suitable clothes to wear." His monotone voice matched his insipid appearance. 

"What do you mean? I don't live here, I have my own apartment." I said in a confused tone. Every synapse within me abruptly electrified with panic. I looked from Dolan to Peter and back to Dolan again searching for an answer. 

"Your Master requires that you remain here for an undetermined amount of time. He does not believe that you can be trusted to live on your own. You will hand over the keys to your apartment to Peter who will have your personal items packed and stored away." 

"No...No...this isn't right." I cried my voice hitting a crescendo I had never heard before. "I didn't agree to this" I wanted to run...run as hard and as fast as I could -- even back to Nebraska if need be. Fear was filling every part of my body and I was finding it difficult to breathe. They had their eyes trained on me. They knew I was going to run. Peter took a step moving his body in front of mine. I knew the battle was lost even before it began.

"Did you pledge yourself to your Master?" Dolan murmured, like he had been through this before and bored that he had to say the same words over again. 

"I did" I said. With the last shred of dignity I had left in me I turned my head away from him, I didn't want him to see the big baby tears that had filled my eyes. 

"Did you accept a ring from him?"

"I did." 

"Then I repeat, your Master has instructed that you will reside here for as long as he wishes. Now you will strip -- or I will have your clothes taken off you and tonight when you are presented to your Master you will have to explain to him why this beautiful suit, which I'm sure he paid for, was shredded." 

I looked down at the suit. How did he know Master had bought me this suit? Why did he make it sound so dirty that Mr. George bought me clothes? Hatred, an emotion I had never felt in my life, towards this vile man filled me. 

Resentfully, at a snail's pace, so I could to make him wait, I removed my clothes, the tears that I had tried to stop, came. I was being stripped, both physically and metaphorically, of everything I had in my life -- everything except the ruler. 

Maybe, in the end, I was able to exact a little revenge because both Dolan and Peter were momentarily stunned to silence when I finally stood before them naked, my proud cock sticking straight out, staring at them. My tear filled eyes bore into Dolan's and saw an expression of contemptuous loathing and then something more...I think...jealousy. Peter kept trying to draw his eyes away from me but he too couldn't and within him I was able to see longing in his eyes.

I AM CHARLES, I said to myself, drawing myself up and looking straight ahead. 

Clearing his throat Dolan began talking again in that damn fucking proper monotone voice of his. With the last vestige of control I had left within me I slowly turned my head and looked him straight in the eyes. I wanted him to know that one day I was going to take this cock of mine and fuck the living crap out of him. 

"...Peter is your Trainer and handler while you are here." He sounded shaken for a slight second but soon composed himself. Peter stepped forward and took me by my arm. "Your Master has given Peter his authorization to carry out punishments if you misbehave and your Master is not available. In addition your Master will be given a detailed record of every transgression you commit and your Master will carry out punishments as he desires. You will now hand your ruler to Peter and bend over."

"Why?" I asked almost too indignantly.

"For making me tell you twice to take your clothing off. You will bend over for five and count them down as Peter administers them to you."

I bent over, palms to the floor as Master had taught me and waited. SLAP!

"One" I yelled wincing from the sting pain across my ass. 

"You will thank me for administering this punishment after each count, now we will start again" Peter said. His voice was gentler than Dolan's reassuring me that not everyone in this place was a monster. SLAP!

"One, thank you very much Sir."

"I am not your Sir. You will always address me as Peter. Now we will start the count over again." SLAP! Fuck! Will I ever get this right?

"One, thank you very much Peter. Please may I have more?"

"Very good Charles." SLAP! 

"Two, thank you very much Peter, Please may I have more?" SLAP!

"Three, thank you very much Peter, Please may I have more?" SLAP! SLAP! Two slaps across the same spot burned into my fleshed. I gritted my teeth and counted the four and five counts, thanked him and dropped to my knees in front of him.

Dolan began speaking again. "Master has dictated that you are to be caged at all times while on premises" 

"Caged?" I asked. Horrible dark thoughts flew through my head.

"Caged" Peter said holding up what I soon found out was a cock cage. "Please stand." 

I had a momentarily fleeting thought trying to figure out how my engorged cock would fit into the cock cage but the answer was all too soon provided to me. He led me over to a bucket that was filled with ice cubes and water and instructed me had me kneel. Without even hesitating he poured it over my cock and balls. I let out a blood curdling scream as the shock of the freezing cold water lashed out against my sensitive cock and balls. The sad part was that even after the ice bath both Dolan and Peter still had to struggle with my now pathetically shrunken cock that was still too big to get it in to the prescribed specially made oversized cock cage.

When Peter finally clicked the miniature padlock shut, without saying a word Dolan turned heel and got back on the elevator leaving us alone. I was taken from the holding area to what they called the training room. Peter walked me around, introducing me to other trainers and submissives. 

"In the presence of Masters you may never talk to or touch another submissive," he was reciting the rules of the submissives. I knew that I was supposed to remember everything he was saying but between the pain of the cock cage, my smarting ass and the confusion about everything that was happening to me I knew I wouldn't be able to remember one word he was speaking. "No other Master may touch you without your Master's permission. No other Trainer is allowed to touch you, unless of course your Master dictates it. If they do you are to report it to me immediately. It is my sincere recommendation that you keep to yourself when you are here on this floor."

"Why is that Peter?" Had I really spoken? I quickly looked down and away from Peter not knowing if I was even allowed to speak.

We were alone sitting in the room we were to share. Peter had already instructed me that whenever I was in a sitting position my ass was to be to the edge of the surface I was sitting on, my back be perfectly straight and my legs spread so that my cock was exposed at all times.

"How much do you know about your Master?" He asked. I wanted to shrug but had already been taught that was unacceptable behavior. It seemed that however much I thought I knew Cecil George I really didn't anything about him.

"I have worked for him for three years." Peter raised an eyebrow alarmed by my confession. I don't think he knew that about me.

"And how long have you had his ring?"

"Just a week" I told him and then admitted that before last Friday night when I was taken for the first time I knew nothing about this way of life.

"I see, I guess that is why he sent you here...Well Charles, your Master, Mr. George, owns all of this. He is the Master of all Masters, so to speak. You should be honored that he chose you to be his, especially since every submissive in this place has dreamed of being used by him. That is why I recommend that you keep to yourself, it is cutthroat between submissives and they will go out of their way to make sure you fail. You might be the nicest guy in the world, but in this house you are the most hated. Especially with that cock of yours, everyone is going to want a piece of you...and that includes me." He winked at me as we both looked down at my poor caged cock.

"Peter...is it...I mean may I speak freely here?"

"You may ask me any question you would like to. I will make the decision as to whether I will answer you." He stopped for a moment and looked at me. I let my eyes drift to his for a brief moment before casting them back down again. "I know you are at a disadvantage here Charles. In most cases when a submissive comes to the brownstone it is of their own free will, because they want this to be their life. You are the exception to the rule. In fact to many of the rules, but then again so is your Master. So in the beginning I will grant you certain latitude, until you understand better what is expected of you."

"Thank you Peter...there is one question I would like to ask if I may..." Peter nodded that I could.

"What is this place?"

Over the next hour Peter patiently told me the history of the brownstone... 

****************************

Cecil George had discovered his love of fucking and dominating men when he was twenty-three years old. The first time he used a man was the night before his wedding when he found one of the house staff in the stables masturbating. Cecil, naïve to sex, questioned the man at length about what he was doing and why he did it. Dolan, one of his father's personal valets, embarrassed by being caught and because he feared losing his job answered all of Cecil's questions honestly and as openly as he could. 

Born in 1917, Cecil had just graduated from Notre Dame a month earlier and was deciding what he wanted to do with life. Family money aside, Cecil felt the need to work. He didn't want to be like his brothers and cousins that spent the summers in the south of France, the winters in Switzerland and the rest of the time who knows where just spending their inheritance. He was the first of his generation to attend college and the most conservative of all of them. He didn't have the outgoing personality his siblings had and often felt that he wasn't a good fit for the family he was born into.

In a rare moment of weakness Cecil confided to Dolan that he didn't know anything about sex and was worried about his wedding night that he wouldn't know what to do with his bride. He would have never considered having a conversation like this with a member of his family.

Dolan tried to explain as much as he could what Cecil would experience, but Dolan could only speak in generalities, he had never been with a woman either. When Cecil asked why Dolan stumbled but finally admitted that he enjoyed the company of men and the only time he had had sex it was with a man whom he met while on vacation the previous summer.

Cecil was clearly shocked by Dolan's admission, even in 1941, as progressive as the times were, people didn't speak openly of things like that but what shocked him more was that for some reason he wasn't bothered by Dolan's confession. He knew that history was filled with aristocratic men that hungered for male flesh -- and most of the time they fulfilled their needs with members from their own household staff. The more he thought about it, the more he found what Dolan was telling him was in fact quite exciting. He was so intrigued that his cock was suddenly hard, something he had never experienced around another person before. Fueled by curiosity Cecil made Dolan tell him what he had done with this man.

Dolan was slow to speak about such intimate things, but as he began talking and describing the encounter he relaxed when he realized that Cecil appeared to be more enthusiastic than judgmental about his sexual choice in life. The further he got in his story, the more aroused it appeared Cecil got, especially when Dolan described being on his knees and sucking the man's cock.

"I want you to do that to me." Cecil declared, unable to conceal the desire that had awaken with him any longer. 

"Sir...I...are you sure?" Dolan whimpered unsure if this was correct protocol.

"Yes." Cecil declared emphatically standing and with no reservation unzipped his pants. Dolan moved over to Cecil, knelt before him and looked up at the surprise Cecil had pulled from his pants. 

It was the largest and most perfect cock he had ever seen, not that he had seen too many. He wanted to tell Cecil just how magnificent it was, but couldn't find the words. Cecil held his cock out for Dolan, who was still staring at it mesmerized by the sheer length and thickness of it. 

Used to getting his way in most things in his life, especially from the servants of the house and frustrated that Dolan wasn't doing what he wanted him to do, he released his cock and for some unknown reason an anger he didn't know he had, unleashed within him and before he knew it he had brought his hand across Dolan's face in a sharp slap that echoed throughout the stall they were in. At first Cecil wanted to back away and apologize but a strange feeling came over him. He didn't understand it at first, but hitting this man who was on his knees in front of him sent a sexual surge throughout his body so much so that his cock was harder than he ever remembered and seeping long streams of pre-cum. Dolan, not at all phased by being hit, just look up at him, eyes glazed with reverence, and in a small voice he said; "Please forgive me Sir..." 

Without saying another word Dolan sucked Cecil to his first orgasm in his life. It didn't stop there either. Still hard from the excitement of his sexual awakening Cecil, in his newly found commanding manner, told Dolan he wanted to be the second man to take his ass. Dolan hungrily obliged and when he was naked he assumed the only position he knew, on his hands and knees. 

Cecil found he loved seeing Dolan like this, his glorious ass staring at him, ready for him to use it. There was something so deep inside of him that made this seem so right, so natural. He knelt behind him and ran his hands over the rounded and firm ass cheeks than took the liberty of letting his finger drift down the crack. Placing both hands on Dolan's ass he spread his cheeks and saw, for the first time, a man's twitching hole. He could feel it calling him, beckoning him to put his cock in it.

He inched closer to him and rubbed his cock head over the hole. Dolan let out a stifled moan driving Cecil on. There were no thoughts of was this right or wrong, only thoughts of thrusting his cock inside of Dolan's twitching hole. Tentatively, at first, he pushed into him. There was resistance. He pushed more, Dolan was moaning louder, almost pleading him to go on. 

He pushed again, more determined. Then it happened, it was like pushing on stuck door that gradually gives way - then all of a sudden with one last thrust it miraculously opens. In shock he looked down and watched inch after inch disappear into this wonderfully tight, warm and wanting ass offered up to him.

Dolan was begging him to go deeper, to never stop. He drove on, thrusting his cock all the way into the man. Neither of them moved for a long moment. Cecil gloried in feeling Dolan's tight ass start to relax to accommodate his intruding man-shaft. 

"Fuck me Sir, please fuck me." Dolan cried moving his ass away in an effort to show Cecil how to fuck. 

Cecil pulled out a little, and then pushed back, he repeated it. Every nerve in his cock was on fire and feeling each thrust he made. Every time he stroked his cock he gained a new found confidence when he plunged back into him again. Soon he was taking long deep strokes in and out of the man's ass, loving every second of it.

The need to cum again began rising in him and he found himself taking shorter, quicker, harder thrusts. He was going to shoot his load deep in this man's ass. Dolan wanted this. He was beseeching him to cum in his ass. There was longing and needing in his voice to feel Cecil's' cock explode in him. 

Cecil grabbed Dolan's ass cheeks, squeezing them hard thrusting one last time, as deeply as he could and shot load after load into his ass. He never wanted the feeling to stop and kept thrusting into him wishing, willing his cock to keep spewing in this ass.

The sun was rising over the mountains when they left the stables and headed back to the main house. Neither of them spoke until they had arrived at the back of the house where Dolan would enter. 

"I don't want you to ever do this with anyone else but me. You belong to me now." Cecil said in a low whispered voice. 

"I won't Sir, I promise."

"I will be back from my honeymoon in two weeks. I will make arrangements for you to be on my staff at my new house in Manhattan."

"Thank you sir, I look forward to serving you."

"Oh and Dolan...you are not to cum unless I give you permission to cum." Cecil said walking away from him, to the front of the house where he would enter.

Later that night, after the wedding festivities, Cecil found out that having a woman was completely different than being with a man. He watched Marion sleeping peacefully after they had made love and knew that as much as he loved her, and he did love her, he would always have a need to use and fuck men.

In a blink of an eye fifteen years passed. The years had been good to Cecil. He had a loving and devoted wife and a beautiful daughter. Marion was only able to have the one child, but as he put it 'I don't have to divide my love between children, I can devote all my love to my little Mary'. 

He was also quite successful in business. Even thought he didn't have to work, Cecil chose to start his own company. Over the twelve years since he started the business it had grown become the one of the most successful consulting company in the US. 

More importantly, Cecil had learned over the years how to divide himself from his family life, his work life and what had become his one true passion in life -- being a Master. It was the need for a more private place for him to indulge in his passion that turned into the foundation of the brownstone and what it stood for. He was tired of having to travel out of town, where no one would know him, to an unfamiliar place and worse than anything - have to pay for the privilege of being able to Master a slave for a couple of hours. 

He still had Dolan who always gave him the much needed man-fuck but Dolan didn't have the tolerance for pain or subservience that Cecil required out of his slaves. He still retained his power over Dolan but as time passed Dolan couldn't satisfy Cecil's thirst for younger fresher meat and the all consuming yearning to have total control over another human.
