 1985

I knew going into my teens I didn't have any idea which sex I was actually attracted to. I had had a steady girlfriend throughout high school and convinced myself that I should be attracted to and dating women. It wasn't easy growing up in small town Iowa and always feeling different about myself. The urge to always prove to myself and others that I was just like them turned into a sports obsession and by the time I reached high school I held the distinct honor of being both the football and baseball captains. It also went without saying that my girlfriend was the clichéd head cheerleader. We were the town's sweethearts, the queen and king of the all of the proms and parties. On Friday nights we would park in the cornfields and make-out. Being the gentleman that I was I never let our relationship go past 'second base' – a little grabbing of the tits here and there but that's pretty much where it stopped. I always sensed that she was frustrated that I didn't take a more active interest in sex. I guess I was blind to it and it wasn't until she came to me three months before graduation and told me she was pregnant with another man's baby that the reality that all of my attempts at deception were most likely in vain.

It didn't really matter, I had made it my main concern to get to as far away from farm country Iowa and I was more than willing to put everything else in my life on hold to achieve my goal. I was scouted by the biggest and best schools in the country and it was the happiest day of my life when my coach walked in the locker room and announced that one of the largest universities in Massachusetts had scouted me and had offered me a full scholarship. Without giving it a second thought I packed my bags and never looked back.

My freshman year was a blur getting acclimated to college and life outside of Iowa. I devoted my time to studying and playing baseball, probably making me the first geeky-jock the school had ever known and closed out my first year with an outstanding 3.98gpa. I constantly had to fight a war within myself to stay strong at my sport, so I wouldn't lose my scholarship and the need to garner as much education as I could so I would never have to go back to Iowa again.

At the end of my freshman year I was approached to play with a summer league AAA baseball team in Boston. Having the summer off from school allowed me to start cultivating other facets to my life. There was always a woman or two that hung close by – after all jocks were infamous for being sex machines - but I found myself shying away from that type of attention. I still wasn't fully committed to what my sexuality might or might not be.

My body had developed early in life. Puberty hit me at age 10 and my body began changing quickly. I shot up, hitting close to six feet tall by the time I was thirteen along with hair on parts of my body I had never imagined hair would grow. I had a set of low hanging balls that always felt full and a dick that measure nine inches. I started masturbating soon after and found that I had an insatiable sex drive. By age eighteen I was 6'5 and my dick was a full thirteen inches long with a circumference that even my long lean fingers couldn't wrap around. I was more than capable of having 3-4 orgasms in one session and masturbated morning, noon and night. 

In mid August, two weeks before fall classes were to start the team traveled to Philadelphia for a series of away games. As a team we were kept on a pretty tight schedule, but there were allotted times, normally in the evenings before our ten o'clock curfew, that we could venture out on our own. During one of these times I separated from the group and explored a part of Philly that was rumored to be known for its adult bookstores and theaters.

I walked into one of stores not knowing what to expect and was pleasantly surprised when I found it was a clean bright store – that happened to deal in sex toys, books and movies. A part of me wanted to go look through the books and magazine section but I couldn't decide if I wanted to look at women or men so I just walked around the store looking at all the merchandise on the shelves. Towards the back of the store I noticed a constant flow of men walking from the front of the store to the back. 

"You'll need to buy some tokens if you want to see the videos" the store clerk said when I started to walk down the hallway. He walked up to me and recited the pricing schedule to me. I took a twenty out of my wallet, which bought me close to a half hour of viewing time. 

The rooms were private, with a wooden stool securely fastened to the floor. The lights came on when you closed the door, but went down as soon as you chose a movie to watch. I scanned through the movies and found a man-on-woman movie title "The Big Fuck'. The moment the movie started the actor in the screen was already fucking the woman, his cock pounding in an out of her pussy. They were both moaning loudly but neither of them seemed to be enjoying what they were doing. For ten minutes I watched, almost to the point of boredom, them fucking until he pulled out and shot his load onto her stomach. 

The movie left my cold. The lights came back up again and I started flipping through the titles again when I came to the gay section. The first title jumped out at me 'John sucks Peter's Big Cock'. I inserted more coins, the lights dimmed and the movie started. 

It was the first time I had ever seen two men together. From the moment the movie started John was, just as the title said, sucking Peter's cock. Peter was a big black man that had a cock that I estimated to be in the 10" range. I was fascinated and awe stuck by the whole thing, especially when Peter shot his load into John's mouth and over his face. My cock was screaming to be released from my pants. By the time I started the next movie I had lost the battle and had unzipped and out at concrete attention.

The second video was a group of men jerking their ample sized cocks off, shooting their loads onto each other or onto themselves. It wasn't the best video, but I loved seeing all the different men with their different sizes and thicknesses. I also found myself stroking my cock the whole time.

I needed to see more cock sucking and for my last video I found a movie where one man sucked off twelve different men, each of them cumming in his mouth. At the end of the movie they all stood around the man and at the same time shot a second load all over his face, hair and chest. I shot my load just as they all did onto the floor just as the twelve of them came.

I left the room feeling oddly satisfied and just a little bit dirty. Still having an hour to kill before I had to be back at the hotel, and needing more time to get my sizable hard on tamed, I distracted myself by reading a bulletin board in the hallway between the video booths and store. Most of the messages on the board were men looking for other men or invitations to suck cock for free, none of which I found very interesting until my eyes landed on neatly written index card: NYC – SAMMIES ON 49th STREET – THE ONLY PLACE TO MEET MEN ENDOWED WITH MORE THAN A MOUTHFUL. OPEN 365 DAYS FROM 4pm to 4AM. Looking to see that no one was around I grabbed the card and left the store.

********************

I kept the card in my wallet, looking at it every time I took my wallet out. I became obsessed with the idea of going there. I wanted to meet other men that were like me. By the time Thanksgiving rolled around I made the decision to fore go staying in the dorms for the holiday to travel to New York for the long weekend. 

I walked into SAMMIES at 4pm the Tuesday before Thanksgiving. 

Being 19 and never having frequented any bar before I had no concept that bars, gay bars in particular, didn't come alive until much later in the evening. For the first two hours it was just me and the bartender, Tom. He was a nice enough guy and since I wasn't drinking alcohol he didn't bother to card me. To him I was a prime piece of meat looking to be picked up, I was good for business and he wasn't going to stand in my way. 

We talked nonchalantly about the weather and where I lived. He was from Boston and knew a lot about the school I was attending and told me how smart I must be to be going there on a full scholarship. I didn't bother to tell him it was a jock-ship, my word for an athletic scholarship. It just felt good that someone was judging me on being smart and not for sports. He asked how I found out about the place. At first I wanted to lie and tell him that friends had told me about it, but I was never a good liar and admitted that I saw an index card with the bar's name at an adult bookstore in Philadelphia. He looked at me quizzically and then shook his head that he did know about the free advertising they sometimes did at adult bookstores.

"So you like big dicks?" He asked. I shrugged not committing either way. "You have a big dick?" I knew I flushed too many shades of red as I shook my head that I did. 

"Ya feel like showing me?" Somehow I didn't get the feeling he was coming on to me, more like checking me out for some reason.

"Sure, I guess..." We stepped into the liquor store room behind the bar. Like a jerk I stood for a long moment before I unzipped my pants and pulled my cock out. I had been around men in the locker room for too many years to be suddenly embarrassed at one person looking at my cock. It took barely thirty seconds for me to get a full hard on. Tom just stood and starred.

"Yep you got one beautiful cock there boy. You'll have not trouble attracting attention with that thing." 

"Thanks..." I think. I still wasn't sure. I just knew I needed to explore the possibility. 

Like nothing happened he turned to grab some bottles while I put myself back together and we walked back into the bar area. Tom busied himself with more bar work and left me sitting alone again. Knowing that the place was going to be ultra quiet for the next few hours I pulled one of my text books out and absorbed myself in studying for a few hours. I had learned over the past year that with the heavy sports schedule I kept I had to take every free opportunity I could to hit the books. 

"Excuse me, is this seat taken". The words shook me from my book as I drifted my eyes to the man that had taken the seat next to me. His voice had a husky soft quality that made me want to listen to whatever he had to say. Closing my book and pushing it to one side I turned and looked at him more closely. 

He was classically handsome -the stereotypical business man, dressed in a tailored suit with long manicured fingers that he ran slowly down the glass of what I soon found out was single malt scotch. I felt so second-rate sitting next to him - the jock, dressed down in $19.99 jeans and a cheap button down shirt that was ill-fitted over my muscular chest. 

"My name is Charles" he said, extending his hand to mine. 

"Michael" I said my voice cracking slightly. 

His hand touched mine and I knew immediately that my world was about to change forever. Silently I looked up to see make sure that Charles couldn't seen the obvious big neon sign that was flashing over my head with confirmation that my first time sexual experience was going to be with a man – and it was going to be with this man! His eyes followed mine for a brief moment then returned to me 

"First time...here?" I felt like his eyes were piercing through me and wondered if he able to read my mind.

"Yes." I said, shaking my head. "First time in New York.... First time in a bar...first time for a lot of things..." as my voice trailed off I found my face hot with embarrassment.

He reached his hand out and touched my shoulder as a gesture of welcome. His voice was calm and reassured me that he fully understood what I was trying to convey to him. We spoke at length about many things over the next few hours, but mostly about me. He asked endless questions about my life; where I came from, where I was going to school, what I wanted to do in my life. He spoke little about himself just enough for me to know that within his job and personal life he split his time between New York and Washington, DC. He also let me know he was married but his life with his wife and his life outside of his marriage were two very distinct and separate things. 

By 9pm the bar was filling up and Charles was ready to leave. "Would you like to take a ride with me Michael?" 

Without hesitation I shook my head yes. As we stood to leave, he turned me around and guided me away from the front entrance to the doorway I had gone through with Tom earlier. We walked through the storeroom to a doorway that led us to the alley behind the bar. 

"I don't do public entrances Michael. As I hope you will come to find out I am an extremely private person. I choose very carefully who I associate myself with and expect that they maintain that same level of privacy."

"Ye...Yes, I understand Charles" I said nervously. 

Waiting for us was a black stretch limousine like the ones I had only seen in movies. A chauffeur held the door as we got in and sunk down into the soft leather seats. A drink sat in a cup holder waiting for Charles. "May I offer you something to drink?" He asked. I shook my head and told him I was fine. 

"Have you had many sexual experiences Michael?" Charles blurted out as soon as the limo started moving. The privacy screen was up and it was just him and I.

"Well...no sir...I haven't had any experiences at all." I said, avoiding any eye contact with him.

"What brought you to the bar then?" he asked. His hand reached out and turned my head to his. 

"I...I..." suddenly words had left me and I didn't know how to tell him.

"Michael, take a deep breath and think about what you want to say. I will not judge you, I am just curious about you"

"Yes... sir... I understand..." I said nodding. After a long moment I had composed myself and was able to speak. "I think I have always felt myself attracted to men...and...well... I am kinda different, I think, and feel that maybe a man would be more accepting of me than a woman." I blurted the words out almost incoherently.

"You sound like you are very confused Michael. What makes you think you are different?" He had this way of comforting me with the way he spoke, the way he always said my name and was so very calm without being patronizing. 

"I'm...uh...well...I'm sort of larger than most of the men I've ever seen." I said.

"Hmm...Have you ever considered that the men you have seen just weren't as developed as you are Michael; after all, you are still very young?" He moved his body slightly closer to mine. "Would you like to show me what you are talking about". His attitude was so calming, not lecherous, but more like a teacher helping a pupil solve a difficult math equation. 

"Here?" I croaked, hating myself for sounding like such an idiot. 

He let out a low, from the gut chuckle and said "Why not? We are alone, no one can see us."

My mind was racing, trying to work through all the dilemmas I was facing at that moment. The biggest one being I couldn't figure out how I would be able to unzip my all too tight jeans and release my raging hard-on I had been fighting with from the moment Charles sat down next to me at the bar, without looking like a total fool. 

"Would you like some help?" he asked smiling.

"Um...no sir, I can do it." Reaching down I struggled with the too tight top button until I was ready to rip it off. When I was finally able to release it I moved to the zipper slowly letting it slide down while I decided if I really wanted to do this. I could feel Charles' gaze glued to me. The one thing I was truly grateful for was I had the hindsight to go commando that day and after a brief moment my raging cock sprang from the folds of my jeans.

Charles cleared his throat and sat up; his eyes were wide as he stared at my cock. For the longest moment there wasn't a sound in the limo. "Oh my boy, you shouldn't be ashamed of being different, you should be proud, especially with such perfection!" he exclaimed. I leaned back a little in the seat and found myself holding my cock out more for him to look at. 

"Would you like to see my cock Michael" he said suddenly. Shyly I shook my head yes. Moving to a seat across from me Charles undid his pants and pulled his cock out. "What do you think Michael?" 

He held his cock out for me to see. Although he wasn't as thick as I was he had more length then my cock. A sudden sense of relief poured over me, for the first time in my life I didn't feel like an outcast.

"It's wonderful Charles!" I exclaimed. I watched as he drew his hand over his cock with long deep strokes and rubbed his thumb lightly over the smooth rigid head. I found myself mesmerized by the whole thing. 

"This is the first time you've been alone with a man isn't it Michael?" He knew the answer, why he asked was beyond me. "Are you looking to explore a relationship with another man?" Shaking my head I admitted freely that I didn't. 

The tonality of his voice changed slightly from the husky whisper to one of confidence and firmness. "Michael, listen to me carefully...." His voice was so hypnotic. "If you want to explore something I want to make sure that we take things very slowly. It is important to me that you know that you can trust me and be comfortable with everything that will happen to you. I'm not looking for a quick fuck or a one night stand - although there are times with the right person a quick deep fuck can be fun!" He said smiling but then became serious again. "In the perfect world I envision Michael I am looking for someone to build a continuing sexual relationship. Does that sound like something you might be interested in?"

"I'm a college student sir..." With the wave of a hand he cut me off even before I could finish my sentence.

"Michael I am asking you if you would like to explore a sexual relationship with me, not for excuses why you might not be able to."

I stared at him for a moment; I was more than convinced he 'was' the person I was destined to explore my sexuality with. I knew it the moment he sat down next to me at the bar and sitting here with him like this only sign, sealed and confirmed it.

"Yes sir, I would like that very much." I said confidently.

"Very good Michael.,, right now, what I would like for you to do is to remove your jeans and come sit on the floor in front of me" He quietly removed his own pants and silk boxers, which he folded neatly while he watched my every movement and I could tell from the look on his face he was pleased with my eagerness to learn. 

"What I would like for you to do right now Michael is to touch my cock, take it in your hand and stroke it very slowly, I don't want to cum too quickly." 

A deep groan emitted from him when I touched him the first time. He placed his hand over mind and whispered to go slowly. The excitement of the evening was driving him very close and he wanted to enjoy this feeling for as long as he could. 

I shifted closer to him. The darkness of the limo was obstructing a clear vision of his cock. Sensing I wanted to see more, Charles spread his legs wider. His cock was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen. The sheer length was maddening and the proportion of the length to the thickness was absolute perfection. My hand continued to stroke him and I found myself fixated on it. When a big bead of pre-cum oozed from the slit and began to make its way across the smooth wide head my first instinct was to rub my thumb over it. But a flash of the video I had seen in Philadelphia drove me to lean forward and lick my tongue over the head. Ever so gently the tip of my tongue grazed over his slit and for the first time I tasted the sweetness of another man. He moaned softly again but made no move to stop me. Instead he pulled back slightly, so he could have a better view of what I was doing and simply smiled as I started to explore him. 
