 (Authors Note: This is the 8th installment in the Brownstone series. In reading order they are: Michael Ch01,02 Charles Ch01,02,03 Michael Ch03, Ch04.

Best wishes to everyone for a Merry Christmas!) 

Time marched on. 

Charles and I had been together for ten years and had flown to Aspen for a combination anniversary/Thanksgiving ski trip. We were staying at one of the brownstone member's winter getaway home, a modern A-Frame house that was comfortable enough for Charles and I, of course Peyton and the two submissives he brought with him. 

A first time happenstance at the brownstone the two submissives were identical twins. Charles had heard rumors of their desire to submit -- another rarity that two brothers would be at the brownstone at the same time, and personally interviewed them. At six feet tall they were strikingly handsome both with clean, wholesome athletic builds -- just the way that Charles preferred his submissives. Older than most new trainees, at twenty years old they had recently dropped out of college after deciding they wanted to follow their desires to find and serve a Master that would accept the two of them.

Charles' attraction to the boys was two-fold, one was they were red-headed, another thing I had come to find that Charles had a penchant for and he had never had twins before, a desire not many Masters ever had fulfilled. They also had matching thick cocks with large mushroom capped heads, and I too found myself lusting after their lovely cocks and even with the wide patch of red pubic hair surrounding it. The general rule of the brownstone was that all submissives were always kept completely hairless from the neck down, except for red heads. Charles loved to see and run his fingers through red pubic hair and disallowed Renaldo from ever shaving that area. From the moment they arrived at the White Plains training center Charles had a Trainer assigned to them and kept them segregated from the other trainees. He knew full well that these two were going to be his personal 'property' and he didn't want anyone to touch them but the Trainer of his choice and him and I -- if I eventually decided I wanted to indulge.

Charles surprised me with the submissives when he arrived in Aspen. 

"I thought maybe you'd like to try a virgin ass." He casually said over dinner like he was talking about the ski runs we had made earlier in the afternoon. The twins, Timothy and James, Tim and Jim, were kneeling quietly in the living room, within our view, naked with their cocks hard.

I wasn't shocked by his suggestion. For years he had been telling me that I needed to try a virgin ass at least once, knowing full well that once I had my first virgin ass I would always go back for more. I remained mutely silent, not knowing how to express how I felt.

Monogamy, to the extent that I had not fucked anyone other than Charles, was the road I had chosen to take so far in our relationship mainly because he was more than enough for me. I knew that he had his needs, and it never bothered me that he had his submissives. Charles used these men for his pleasure, whether it was to fuck their tight little asses or putting them through their paces in his examining room they fulfilled his need to control. 

I was his everything else. 

On our first year anniversary we made enduring vows to each other. No matter whom we ever decided to dally with there would be two things we would never do with anyone else. We would never kiss anyone else and we would never have anybody else's cock in our asses. I was Charles' lover and Charles was my lover and as far as we were concerned our asses were sacred to each other. 

Even though I hadn't fucked any of the submissives I had done my share of 'experimenting' with them. After Charles opened his private room to me I spent time in there with him and submissives. Sometimes I acted as his able bodied assistant playing with his bevy of submissives alongside Charles and other times I just watched often playing with myself until I was ready to cum and then shot my load either on the submissives or in their mouths. I even had started going to the lounge and allowing submissives to suck my cock but I seldom reached orgasm. I never knew if it was psychological on my part, the part of me that only wanted Charles, or if I just wasn't turned on by what the submissive was doing to me. Whatever it was,at the end of the day I cherished being in Charles' arms and didn't feel like I was missing out on anything. 

"You don't have to decide right away, we have all weekend. They aren't going anywhere." Charles said. 

"I do want to try it Charles...I just..." I said in a low voice not wanting the twins to hear me.

"I understand Michael. Know this though... This is totally your choice. I am secure enough in our relationship to know that using one of these submissives isn't going to take away from what we have." And there it was -- him saying it without saying it. Charles loved me and knew that I loved him even though the words had never come out of our mouths. "May I ask you something?" Charles simply nodded his head. "Would it turn you on to watch me with someone else?" Charles had to think about what I asked.

"Maybe it would. I know what you do to me...but I can't always see what you are doing...I mean I feel it -- oh boy do I enjoy your touch...but I think I would take pleasure in seeing you sink that beautiful cock of yours into another person. I don't know it that makes sense...the thoughts are jumbled in my head..." It was a exceptional occasion when Charles shed his control and his vulnerable side emerges. Standing up I walked over to them. One of them watched my every move and refused to break eye contact with me. I moved to the one who had his eyes cast downward. 

"I want you to undress me." I said to him in a Charles-like firm voice. Charles' mouth dropped open and for the moment he was frozen to his spot at the table. He had never heard me take such an assertive role before. The submissive scrambled to his feet and nervously began the task of stripping me of my clothes reminding me of my first time Charles told me to take his clothes off. 

When I was naked he let his eyes lust hungrily over my body. His cock, which had been semi-flaccid, was now rock hard with a large bead of clear pre-cum oozing from his slit. There was no doubt in my mind that Jim appreciated and desired men. I reached out and lightly rubbed the bead over his bulbous head. Jim tenses immediately, sucking his breath in and squeezed his eyes shut. "Don't even think about cumming" I whispered to him stepping behind him without touching him. "If you do you will spend the rest of weekend on your knees watching your brother garnering all our attention." "Y...ye...yes...Sir" he stuttered softly. I sat on the sofa and motioned for the boy. He kneeled before me, in perfect submissive stance and cast his eyes downwards. "Pleasure me." I said. The boy looked up at me almost like I was speaking a foreign language. I spread my legs and taking my cock in hand began to stroke the length from my head down to my balls. He inched closer to me, seemingly fascinated by what I was doing and place his hand over mine. When I felt his confidence gaining I removed my hand and let him continue. 

"Now use your mouth..." Leaning into me he licked his tongue out over the head of my cock catching the first droplets of my pre-cum. He smiled shyly as he savored his first taste of man-cum.

"Take the head into your mouth, suck on me..." He wasn't experienced. He thought the object was to make me cum and went at me with a voraciousness that made me almost go soft. I pulled away from him.

"Which twin are you?" I asked holding his head between my hands. He looked like he was going to cry.

"J..Ji..Jim" he stuttered again. "Jim, I want you to listen to me carefully. I know you are nervous and most likely scared, I was very scared my first time also, but with time this will pass. Don't think about making me cum, think about giving me pleasure. Close your eyes and think about your fantasies, I'm sure you dreamed of a man making love to you. How his tongue and his mouth would glide over your body...maybe his touch is gentle, maybe it's firm, but however he touches you it brings pleasure to you. Think of my cock as your cock and how you want to pleasured. That's the pleasure I want you to bring to me...." 

While I was talking Charles moved into the living room and when I glanced over at him I saw him hanging on every word I was saying. Our eyes locked for a long moment and I could see his 'I love you' look in them. He nodded at me and I looked away back to Jim.

I released Jim face and relaxed leaning back into the sofa again. Jim placed his hands on my thighs and slowly began to massage them spreading them and moving them upwards. I closed my eyes and let him pleasure me with his hands and his mouth. His tongue explored, hesitant at first but goaded on by my moans he licked over my balls, sucking them gently into his mouth, rolling them around while his tongue massaged them. When he was satisfied my balls had enough attention he moved his attentions to my cock. Using a combination of his hands and his mouth he licked and sucked me with a renewed passion that not one submissive had even done to me. Before long I found myself taking shallow strokes in and out of his mouth, my hands firmly holding his head over my cock. Jim knew I was going to cum and taking a deep breath he let me stroke deeper into his mouth until almost half my length was touching deeply in his throat. I couldn't hold out any longer and with a load groan I opened up filling him with my hot wet load. Jim wrapped his lips around me and milked every drop from my cock trying to will me to keep cumming.

When he finally accepted that I was done he pulled his mouth slowly off of me and sat back on his heels, his eyes cast downward. It was at that moment that I saw he was pinching his cockhead trying to keep himself from shooting his load. There was a part of me that felt badly for him, I know how in the beginning I always had problems containing my desires to shoot, but there was also a new part of me, the dominant side of me that was now emerging, that wanted him to deserve to be able to cum. 

I finally understood what it meant to be in control.

"Tim, take your brother in the kitchen and have Peyton ice his cock down. That is the only way he will be able to stop the urge to cum." Moving quickly to his feet Tim helped Jim up and took him to the kitchen. Charles was oddly silent and in one of those singular flashes in time where I couldn't read what he was feeling. I reached and touched his cheek with the tenderness of his lover, letting him know it was different than when I touched the boy. He closed his eyes allowing himself to savor my touch. When he opened his eyes again he took my hand in his and kissed each of my fingertips sucking my pinkie finger gently in his mouth.

"I...you...you were so good with him...it shocked me...I never imagined that you could be like that..." he finally said. 

"I thought about our first time. You were so patient with me, you took your time making me want to relish every second...and I did."

"Will you take his virginity?"

"Yes, but I won't do it the way Cecil took yours. I don't want to hurt him -- that's just who I am. He's going to be an extraordinary submissive one you are going to be proud of."

"What about Tim?"

I had to smile. "Tim is his brother's polar opposite. I suspect in the end he will make a better Master than he will a submissive and YOU, my friend, my lover -- are going to have your hands full with him. And I know you are going to love every minute of it!"

"Tis true!" He said. "But right now I want you...I would like very much to take you upstairs and have my way with you for the rest of the night.

And he did!

The next night with Charles, Tim and Peyton watching I took Jim's virginity. Of course Charles was correct when he said there is nothing like a virgin ass. Whatever fears Jim had the day before were gone when his brother presented him to me. Jim sunk to his knees before me and touched his head to my feet, kissing each of my feet before looking at me and telling me that I was his to do with as I pleased. 

I took him from behind. I spread his ass cheeks and looked at his puckered hole twitching with anticipation. Then I thought back to what Charles said to me when he took my virginity and said almost the same words.

"Some people like to prepare the ass, get it used to having something as lovely as a cock in it, but I don't. I am going to love the feel how you will resist me at first, but then there will be a moment when suddenly you realize how wonderful I am feeling inside of you...and you will want more of me...until you have the full length of my cock in you."

His ass was gloriously tight and I shot my first load even before I was all the way inside of him. The deeper I went the more I wanted him. I had never felt like it before. Charles came up and knelt behind me, pressing his naked body to mine. It was the first time he ever showed affection towards me in front of others. He drew his arms around me and together we took Jim. I came in him two more times before I was done.

When I was done and pulled out of him Charles took my place and fucked him in long deep strokes until he came shooting his load so it mixed with mine. ****************

After that weekend in Aspen I became a more participatory member of the brownstone. Like Charles did, I found my predilection -- and that was I enjoyed the new ones, the untrained ones. I loved to train them how to give pleasure -- of course using me as their model to experiment on.

As much as I loved playing with the submissive my favorite thing I loved to do was to come up with different ways to humiliate Peyton, who I cared for dearly, without inflicting pain or violence.

It became a game between Charles and me to see who could come up with the most humiliating circumstance for him.

I had known for quite awhile that Peyton loved to drink piss. There was many a night that he would station himself in the dungeon and act as a toilet for the Masters, letting them piss in his mouth or over his body. At first I found the idea of it absolutely disgusting. Charles just smiled and told me to remember Rule #2 -- always keep an open mind -- don't judge. Eventually I realized that no one was forced to do this, that some men loved to drink piss and if that's what floated their boat then who was I to judge. It wasn't until Charles and I began pissing in each others ass that I came to understand just how decadent it could be.

In the end of was me that finally won the top honor of the ultimate humiliation. It was Peyton's birthday weekend and we rented a secluded house in South Beach for a long weekend. Charles knew I was up to something but I didn't tell him exactly what. Through a friend in New York I was able to hire a very attractive Dominatrix that he knew in Miami to come to the house. I had her dress like a spoiled college girl taking advantage of Daddy's money in a simple sundress with very light make-up. I had told Charles and Peyton that I had invited the single twenty-something daughter of one of our clients over for Sunday brunch on our private terrace. Paula was bubbly and dominated the conversation -- she also took ample advantage of the mimosa's we were serving and soon was getting very 'friendly' with everyone in the room. Charles caught on early and let me know that he was on board and would take my lead wherever he could. Soon Paula set her sights on Peyton, following him around and constantly trying to engage him in conversation. Peyton tried to retain his cool -- his manservant demeanor, but she was wearing him down quickly. When we had finished eating Charles took his lead and turned to Paula.

"So Paula, Are you at all familiar with the world of D/s?"

"I've read a little about it, why?" She said in her innocent but sexy voice. "Well it turns out that Payton is very active in that lifestyle, in fact he loves to masturbate in front of people..."

"Sir!" Peyton exclaimed his face turning bright red. 

"Oh Peyton-baby will you do that for me? Pleazzzzz" Paula said in her cutest girl next store tone.

All it took was for Charles to give Peyton one of his looks and a snap of the finger and he had no choice but to drop to his knees, his face the reddest I had ever seen. This was humiliation at its best.

"In honor of Peyton's birthday weekend I want Peyton to..." I said smiling, "masturbate for us with no clothes on."

Peyton knew he had no choice, but it didn't matter he was hard, especially since we had denied from masturbating for the past week, and also wanted whatever humiliation we chose to dole out to him. As soon as he had disrobed he resumed his position on his knees and took his cock in his hand and started stroking himself. Like the good submissive that he was he kept his eyes on us the whole time he stroked himself.

"Well if he's going to masturbate, so am I!" Paula yelled and with one stroke threw off her sundress to show that she was buck naked. I had told her what Peyton's proclivity was and when she was ready she walked over to Peyton. Her voice changed from the cutesy party girl to the Dominatrix she actually was the moment she stood in front of him. Grabbing him by his hair she said. "I heard you like to drink piss, boy...open your mouth...mamas got a piss load..." The moment he opened his mouth she bucked her pussy to his mouth and unleashed on him. She was still pissing when unable to control himself he shot his load over her feet, which of course she promptly made him lick off. Peyton was instant heaven. When she was done she invited Peyton to her private dungeon to have a real experience with a Dominatrix. Peyton was instantly hard again and readily accepted. The last we saw him he was still buck naked getting into her car. We didn't see Peyton for the rest of trip and when he joined us at the plane he proudly showed us his red ass and his hickey covered chest. Sitting was a big issue for him and as soon as the Fasten Seat Belt sign went out he dropped to his knees and rode the rest of the way home like that. "I fucked a woman." He announced that afternoon.

"And did you like it?" Charles asked.

"I don't know. I didn't have much of a choice, Mistress Paula had me restrained when she climbed on me and planted her wet pussy on me."

"Did you shoot a load into her?"

"Well yeah...she was one fucking hot bitch..." 

Charles and I burst out laughing. Soon after that the ever present Peyton started taking regular trips to Miami. Our boy was finally growing up. *****************

The years seemed to fly by and before we knew it Charles and I had been together more than 20 years. I couldn't believe that I was about to turn 40 and was Vice-President of a billion dollar company. Charles had starting cutting back going to the office everyday and talked about retiring completely and turning the business over to me. What that translated to was that instead of him going to the office everyday he would keep himself connected to everything via technology.

My relationship with Charles never wavered after that horrible weekend in Cape Cod. The passion we shared with each other remained as fresh as the first time we were together. Maybe it was that we accepted each other for who we were. It was true bliss - until 2006.

The year started great. We closed the books on the best year Cecil & Company had ever had and the membership at the brownstone was wait list only. Charles and I finally decided it was time to take some much deserved time off and were planning a month long vacation to Italy and the Greece Islands, until one afternoon when Charles collapsed at his desk.
