 (Author's Note: This is the third installment in the brownstone series. In reading order it is Michael, chapters 1 and 2, Charles chapters 1,2 and 3.) 

*

When I woke up I was in my bed. There wasn't a part of my body that didn't hurt. The nausea I felt earlier reared its ugly head and within a moment of being awake I started throwing up. Peter just held my head until all I was left with were dry heaves. My ass was on fire and I know I had shit myself too. He called two submissives in to clean me up and change the sheets. Adding further to my humiliation, I was put in a diaper to prevent me from soiling the bed again. 

At five the next morning my world was further rocked when Dolan barged into the room screaming me awake. I was pulled roughly out of bed by my hair and made to take submissive stance, head down, ass up. To insure I wouldn't move Dolan held my head down to the floor with his foot while he read off Masters' punishment decree.

I was to remain blind folded for the next month whenever I was in the brownstone doing anything except studying. Master had taken a permanent marker to my back and labeled me "SLUT" and I had to wear that label until I had earned back his respect - Peter was to take the marker to my back every morning after I showered. Even though my ass and thighs were raw from being whipped I was to have a ten count every night when I returned from either work or school. The ten count was to be administered by Peter in the submissive area and was to be watched by all submissives on the floor. My cock was caged and would be caged at all times while I was in residence. When I was on property I would be confined to my room, except when receiving my punishment or any other circumstance my Master deemed I was to be in his presence. I was not allowed to see or speak to anyone but Master or Peter. I would only be allowed two hours a day to study my school work, the rest of my time was to be devoted to training, exercise and reflection. Reflection time was to take place in the corner of my room in submissive stance with my nose to the intersecting walls. I was allocated 6 hours a night to sleep and was to be restrained in bed, on my stomach at all times. Peter would be in charge of my schedule outside of the brownstone and would escort me to work and to school. I was never allowed to go anywhere on my own. 

The last item gave Dolan great satisfaction to read: I was to spend the following weekend in the Kennel, from Friday night when I returned from work until Sunday evening. I would be returned to my room Sunday evening at ten pm.

The worst of the punishment, however, came later that day when Master came to my room to tell Peter he would not touch me until I worthy of him. He refused to acknowledge that I was even in the room. He would have other submissives serve him. He would fuck other submissives and have other submissives suck his cock and I would be present, without my blindfold whenever this happened. To demonstrate his point he walked over to Peter told him to strip and made me watch as he fucked him. He took his time, making it last and letting Peter know how much he loved fucking his ass. When he was done he made me lick his juices as they oozed out of Peter's ass.

************

As schizophrenic as it sounds when I returned to work on Monday Mr. George was warm and as pleasant as can be towards me. He carried on business as usual, talking about new accounts and mergers that were taking place. When he would look at me there was no hint of the man that I called Master.

After that first day at work and school I realized as much as I hated the punishment I looked forward to returning to the brownstone. As time passed and I found my routine I loved when I arrived to the basement to strip out of my clothes and be put through my paces. My body was changing, becoming more toned and muscular. I was eating better than I had ever eaten in my life and the few extra pounds landed in just the right places making my body even more attractive than it had been. I didn't even mind having to remain blindfolded for 30 days. I found my other senses heightening when not having the ability to see. The only thing I missed with the lack of touch, especially from my Master. Although I saw him every day at work, I quickly learned how to separate Mr. George from Master. 

Peter, as instructed treated me indifferently and with aloofness a Trainer needed when dealing with a submissive. He refused to answer any questions I had and for the most part either I listened to him or there was silence in the room. I tried to get him to tell me about the Kennel but it was forbidden to speak of upcoming punishments, which only served to make me more apprehensive. Silently I was slowly ticking the days off, dreading Friday's arrival but eventually come it did and after work I returned to the brownstone. Peter met me at the elevator, took my clothes and after my ice bath and I was fitted and locked into my cock cage he told me it was time. I was walked up the one flight of stairs where every available submissive stood in wait and ceremoniously marched me down the long corridor to my punishment. 

Burt and Ernie, as I came to call them, the handlers of the Kennels were twins. They each stood six foot eight, were ugly and mean. I'm not suggesting they were run-of-the-mill mean, I am saying they were sadistically off the charts nasty. If I could have redefined the meaning of the word 'mean' I would have footnoted it with: SEE THEM.

There were six over sized cages in the room, only three of them occupied -- I was to be the weekend fourth. The other three submissives cowered in the corners of their cages afraid to look at anything but the floor in front of them.

Peter lingered in the doorway for a long moment before the twins thanked him and slowly closed the door. 

I was now their property.

"Before we accept any strays bitches to the Kennel they have to be bathed." One of them said. He was the uglier of the two and so I silently chose the nickname Ernie for him. From behind him he lifted an industrial sized hose, twisted the fireman's shaped and sized nozzle and before I knew it they were spraying me with a magnum force of water. I spread my legs and planted my feet to root myself to my spot. I raised my arms lacing my fingers behind my neck, in my submissive stance and took the 'bath' as they called it. For over thirty minutes, until I felt like the skin was about to fall off my body and my legs were about to give out on me, they flooded me with ice cold water from my face down to my ass and back again. They each took several turns at the hose laughing and goading me on the whole time. 

"Your Master is the only Master we have to listen to. He's told us we can't fuck you or touch your precious little cock. But he told us that you love to suck cock...and suggested to us that you perfect your cock sucking techniques this weekend - so bitch you will be sucking cocks the whole time you are here. You are going to my suck cock, and my brother's cock and those fuckers in their kennels cocks. I am going to line every Trainer in this place and you will suck their cocks. When you have finished with the Trainers I will bring submissives in and you will suck their cocks - you will be their own little pet cock sucker this weekend. You will not sleep the entire you are here because all you will be doing is sucking cocks. And if you run out of cocks to suck we will bring in more cocks...mu brother and I will take pleasure in whipping you while you suck cocks, when you have to piss or shit you will have a cock in your mouth. If we ever don't see a cock in your mouth that will be the last minute you have here at the brownstone..." 

For over forty-eight hours I did exactly what they told me I was going to do. I sucked cock after cock until my jaw was practically locked open. I don't know how but somehow I survived. By the time Sunday night rolled around and Peter came to get me I had lost the ability to speak, I was sleep deprived and was beaten so badly on my ass and thighs I couldn't walk. Without saying a word to anyone Peter gently slung me over his shoulder and carried me out of the Kennel. The one thing I was forever grateful for was there was no welcome home 'you survived' contingent waiting for us and we were able to go quietly to our room. 

Peter had a bath ready for me and gingerly washed my body and let me soak. My knees were black with bruises and the healing warm water felt better than anything I could remember. I still couldn't speak but that didn't matter there was nothing I could say. All I felt was numbness and nothingness. 

"Your Master has told me that you are to sleep until eleven tomorrow morning and be at the office at noon." He said tucking me. "Sleep now Charles...sleep and dream sweet dreams..." Peter stayed up all night, sitting on the floor by my bed, watching me, soothing me when I cried tearless tears. 

I can't help but think of the quote: 'What doesn't kill you...makes you stronger'...and for me it did. I was able to get past my time in the Kennel. It only bothered me when I slept when the nightmares would creep into my sleep. The days crept on, the bruises faded, and soon ten days had passed. I still had nightmares almost nightly and Peter was always there to wake me and sooth me.

"Shhhh...don't say anything...." He whispered once again waking my from being tortured in my sleep by Burt and Ernie. He undid my restraints and removed my blindfold. "You were having another nightmare." 

I couldn't fathom why he had undone my restraints, why was this night so different? 

He laid down on the bed next to me and took me in his arms. His body was warm and smelled so good. I hadn't realized how much I missed and craved being touched. At first I didn't know what to do. Was this another test? Was Master standing outside the door? 

"I'm so sorry Charles." He whispered.

He didn't say another word. He just lifted my chin and touched his lips to mine. Slowly his mouth pried mine open his tongue hungrily seeking out mine. I couldn't help but respond, I wanted this feeling of being one with another person to never stop. Hungrily I sucked his tongue pressing my body tighter against him.

Without a sound he unlocked my cock cage and stroked me until I was hard. He rolled his body over mine, his mouth kissing and sucking at me, down my neck, over my nipples -- places no one had ever touched me before...driving me wild with desire. Tears, his tears, stained my cheeks as he pressed his body tighter to me and I felt him leaning down on me. Before I could even think, even protest, he had sunk down and was fully impaled on me. 

For the briefest of moments I froze thinking about Master Andrew and how this whole thing started. But this was such a different feeling. There was such gentleness in him, the way he laid his body over mine and it feeling so good, so right. Something inside of me ignited and I realized I needed some control over what was happening, I just couldn't let him take me. In one quick moment I rolled Peter over so I was now on top. Rising up on my knees I started slowly stroking my cock in and out of his ass. Our bodies moved together in a sensuousness I had never known before. We struggled to be as quiet as we could, but when as I felt my impending orgasm coming I couldn't help but let out a stifled moan which in turn trickled down to Peter. He didn't move. He just lay there enjoying the feeling of my cock still hard and inside of him. 

"If Master finds out we will both be cast out" he whispered in my ear.

"Then he can never find out" I said holding him, not wanting to move. I kissed him, the first man I had had ever kissed and couldn't and didn't want to ever stop. I came in him again that night. When I was done, I carefully pulled out of him, making sure there was no evidence of our tryst. 

The next day Peter refused to look at me or talk to me as I prepared for work. I wanted to talk about what had happened, but he just told me to get ready that I didn't want to be late for work.

That night another Trainer picked me up from work saying that Peter was taking a few days off.

Two days later Mr. George and I were alone in my office reviewing a merger we were working on. It was lunchtime and the office was quiet and almost empty. Without warning he stopped talking and just stared at me. I watched in amazement as he transformed from my prim and proper Mr. George to beloved Master. 

"How are you Charles?" he asked, his voice was low but strong. 

I lowered my eyes and said in a soft voice so only he would hear. "I miss you Master." I admitted honestly.

"I miss you too Charles." He got up and closed and locked the door to my office. "You have to understand, I couldn't bear seeing that man on you that night. I should have said no, but the money, no one had ever offered that much money before...Charles...and then...when you begged me to let you cum in him something inside me snapped...I am sorry...and I am deeply sorry about the Kennel...but you had to go there...I couldn't be soft on you...I had to make an example of you." 

"It is what it is. I am taking my punishment, and I hope soon we will be together again. I want you to be proud of me Master. I don't ever want to let anything like that happen again."

There was a long silence between us. "Will you do something for me?"

"I will do anything for you Master."

"Will you kneel before me right now? I need to look down on you," Silently I stood and removed my pants and underwear, folded them carefully, moved from my desk and knelt before my Master. I kept my eyes cast until he lifted my chin and looked me deeply into my eyes. "I am going to lift your punishment and call you to my quarters Friday evening."

"Thank you Master." I touched my head to his feet, wishing they were bare so I could kiss them. Joy filled my heart.

"Master?" I asked.

"Yes Charles." He was staring down at me, looking at my now hard cock, smiling.

"Now it is my turn to ask something of you...I would like very much to suck your cock right now."

Both personalities, Mr. George and Master were dumbfounded. The Mr. George personality for even thinking about sex during business hours and the Master within him for allowing his submissive to suggest and even verbally something like that. But as the two personalities came together he stepped closer to me and made no move to stop me when I unzipped his pants and took his cock in my mouth. When he was hard he stood and placed his hands on my head and began a silent fuck of my mouth. The closer he came to shooting his load the faster and deeper he shoved his cock into my mouth until he pulled me tightly to him and quietly shot his load deep into my mouth.

Afterwards, when I was dressed again and he had regained his inflexible Master demeanor he looked me dead in the eyes and told me that he was going to punish me later for being so forward. I just smiled and thanked him.

That night Peter returned and woke me up in the middle of the night. "Don't say a word." He whispered. He let me out of my restraints, removed my blindfold and told me to follow him. Quietly we made our way from our room and down a dark corridor on the other side of the elevator. He shuttled me to a storage room and closed the door. In the back of the store room he had made a makeshift bed out of an old mattress and blanket. "I found this place a while back," he told me, "I like to come here when I need to be alone." He sat on the mattress and look up at me join him. I knew this is where he had been the past few days.

"Is this part of my training Peter?" Slowly I stood straight up and clasped my hand behind my neck, casting my eyes down. 

"Oh Charles, no...." he cried jumping up. He was on me in a moment kissing me all over my face. "I wanted to be alone with you Charles. I...I...I...can't help myself, I just need to be with you..."

"But I am my Master's property." I said with sincere conviction.

"Please Charles please be with me, just tonight, I promise you I will never ask again."

"I can't Peter. I belong to my Master If I let this happen again I would never be able to look Master in his eyes again." I turned and returned to my room. When Peter finally came back I was back in my blindfold on the floor in the head down submissive kneeling stance. Without a word he put me back in bed and in my restraints. 

Peter received the news the next day that I was to be prepared for Master and delivered to him at 9pm Friday evening. 

******************

Life moved into a normal routine after that weekend. My relationship with Master continued to grow and from him I learned how to turn to myself to find my inner strength. The only thing that concerned both Peter and me was that without a doubt Cecil George was a very sadistic man and for some reason I brought that sadism to a level no one had ever seen before. For years every member and submissive at the brownstone, feared but also wanted him. Since he had been with me they happily stay away. My Master, quite simply, derived his sexual enjoyment from inflicting overpowering pain on me - he even on occasion shot a full load from inflicting a rather nasty caning across my ass, thighs and lower back. 

This penchant for inflicting pain slowly increased over time as my limits for accepting pain grew and soon I found myself wanting to use my safe words when I felt he was being hypnotized by his torturous punishments. I remember when Peter told me there would be no retribution if I had to use my safe words - he just didn't know my Master well enough. The first time I used my stop word Master walked out of the room and denied me his attentions for over two weeks. The second time I was forced to use a safe word he walked downstairs chose another submissive and used them in front of me while I restrained on the cross in his dungeon - for the entire weekend. In his world 'safe words' were for pussy-boys and didn't exist. 

I learned to live with the pain -- my Master's needs were more important than me. It didn't matter that there were some nights that Peter had to carried me from his room or out of his dungeon and that sometimes I carried the marks of his punishments for afterwards. Even the brownstone doctor had to temper Cecil when he was called to his room after I passed out on two occasions and my anus was so bruised I could have sex for close to three weeks.

The weird thing was all I could feel was that If my Master was content, I was being a good submissive. There were many a Monday morning that I limped into the office coming up with excuse after excuse for my battered body. Master was always careful not to leave marks that would show when I was clothed, but he didn't mind one bit that there times I could barely sit or my cock and balls hurt so badly I couldn't hold my legs together. 

Six months into my stay at the brownstone Master relaxed my restrictions and I was able to socialize with other submissives on a limited basis. I was still not allowed to be around other Masters or in the lounge or staging area and I was always caged except when I was in Master's private rooms. Saturday evenings, when Master was required to make appearances, were the most difficult when Peter and I had to remain in our room while the rest of the house was upstairs in the lounge and staging areas. I was always jealous when the submissives returned to their quarters after a night of pony play or wrestling and all I could do was listen to the stories they told. 

He also allowed me, during the week when he wasn't at the brownstone, to use my mouth to service Peter, which I did happily as often as he wanted. It took me awhile to want to suck cock again, but I had come to love the taste of a thick hot load planted in my mouth. There was also rare occasions that Peter and I would get a little carried away and somehow my cock would get uncaged and somehow it ended up in Peter's ass, but we were careful to temper these occasions and never leave evidence of our tryst. I had come to love early morning showers when Peter would join me with nothing but a smile on his face.
