 (Authors Note: This is the 10th installment in the Brownstone series. In reading order they are: Michael Ch01,02 Charles Ch01,02,03 Michael Ch03, Ch04,05 Scott Ch01.)




Michael's apartment was not truly an apartment it was more along the lines of a mission statement about the man himself. He tried to play it all down by telling me not to be impressed by it after all he inherited it from Charles who had inherited it from Cecil.

"Cecil bought the brownstone in the 1950's. He turned the main floor into a private men's club. Originally the top floor had individual apartments on it so that out of town members could have a place to stay but Cecil wanted a floor totally for himself. After he passed Charles had the apartment totally renovated more to his tastes. In turn I've made some minor changes to make it my own."

"What about the other floors?" I asked.

"They are mainly used for meetings and events." He said in nondescriptly.

The brownstone itself was just an ordinary building like any other brownstone in New York, but the moment you walked into the lobby you knew instantly that you've entered into a place of days gone by. It started when a doorman in full regalia opened the heavy oak door letting you enter into the history the building held. The richly sculpted carpeting that adorned the lobby floor and stately solid walnut paneled walls exuded a remembrance of days when the upper crust men of New York City spent their afternoons at their private club discussing the news of the day and having tuxedo clad, white gloved butlers waiting on their every need. The club's restaurant was strictly white linen and fine china and boasted a cordon blue chef. Proper attire, jackets and ties were required at all times. The health club had been recently remodeled and had professional trainers, the best equipment, a world class steam room and a masseuse that Michael claimed could work out kinks you didn't even know you had. For the more casually minded there was a large atrium off of the health club where men could relax, chat and eat a light meal 24 hours a day and clothing was casually optional.

"How big a membership do you have?" I asked after Michael had keyed in his code to allow the elevator to take us to his apartment.

"We cap our membership here at the brownstone at 250." 

The elevator doors opened directly into a smaller more modern lobby that led into the apartment. No one could ever feel claustrophobic in this apartment. From the moment we entered into the heart of the home it was warm and inviting. He had taken down the bulk of the walls and in front of me was close to 7,000 square feet of room. It was big, but it had been furnished in such a way that even though there weren't walls I could visualize that I was standing in a game room, complete with pool table and bar, or in the living room, a warm gathering place with a 65" flat screen adorning the wall. The kitchen and dining area were to the back of the apartment, all modern and comfortable. A combined library and office sat at the front of apartment. To the left was one of the few rooms with walls - the master bedroom with an equally large master bath. The only other living space was a small studio apartment beyond the kitchen where his valet Peyton stayed.

"Is he here now?" I asked.

"No, I called him earlier today and requested he take the weekend off. He won't be back until Monday morning."

Michael moved even closer and tried to kiss me.

"No...no...no... Mr. Layton, I'm not that kind of guy." I said laughing.

"I'd be more than happy to make you that type of guy. Of course that is if you'd like." He grabbed me and pulled me into him. "Please tell me you want me."

"I do want you Michael, with no hesitation or doubt."

"Will you join me in the bedroom or shall we just drop to the floor right here?"

"Bedroom," I said. 

Michael led me into the bedroom. Like everything else about this place his bedroom reflected who he was. The room was large, but had a warm feeling about it. The four poster bed was the focal point of the room. As Michael explained it, the bed was crafted and built in the room. The pieces of wood were so large they had to take out the windows in the room and were hauled up via cranes. It took the craftsman over three months working solely on the project to complete the bed. The more than king size bed was flanked by two matching nightstands with all three pieces sitting on a four inch riser that was covered in the plushest carpet I had ever felt.

The wall across from the bed was built of river rock, giving the room a manly outdoorsy feel and had a fireplace that could be seen from not only the bed but also the master bath and the large sitting area as well. The other walls were suede textured light brown with floor to ceiling chocolate silk black out curtains that were electronically controlled by a panel from the bed.

"The mattress we had custom made. It's a one of a kind Kluft made the old fashioned way with pure cotton, lamb's wool, long-strand horsehair and mohair, which combine to make the best night sleep..."He paused for a moment, "Or the best night of sex ever."

"I'm impressed, I didn't know that a mattress can fuck, does it have holes that you slip your cock through?" I said jokingly.

"Oh, you are a funny one." Michael said, grabbing me and pulling me closely to him. "I vote for a nice hot shower before we climb into our sleeping chamber." His lips were less than an inch from me, but he didn't kiss me. "I want to go slowly." he whispered barley touching his lips to mine. "I want us to both savor each other." He brushed his lips to mine, pressing himself against me. He was hard, and for the briefest moment I wondered how we could possibly take things slowly.

"I'll start the shower, if you'd like you can undress, or I can do it for you." He said licking his tongue across my lips and sucking my bottom lip to his.

Things seemed to blur after that. I remember the shower, it felt so good to stand under the hot water with a half dozen shower heads pouring down on us but what felt even better was feeling Michael's naked body against mine. I relished his every touch as he washed my body slowly being careful not to miss any part of me. He in turn stood motionless, his eyes shut as I washed him, with a washcloth, my hands and then my tongue.

After drying off we somehow made it to the bed, and Michael was right, it was the most comfortable bed I had even laid on. I took a few moments to let the luxurious feeling of being able to stretch my all too tall frame out across the bed, unlike the small inadequate bed I was relegated to sleeping on at my apartment. Michael gave me my moment of Zen before he wrapped me tightly in his arms and pressed his body against mine touching his lips to mine. I parted my lips, expecting to feel his tongue, but he pulled back and looked at me, his eyes were filled with such wonderment, like 'how did I get to be the luckiest man on this earth?' then kissed me lightly once again drawing his tongue over mine.

He could feel how ready I was, my lips parted inviting him in to me as he crushed his lips to mine kissing me with a desire I had never felt before and never wanted to feel with anyone else again. When we finally came up for air I opened my eyes and looked at him and realized that I truly was the luckiest man.

*************

Michael had always been indifferent when it came to blow jobs, he never much cared one way or another. With his cock being the size it was he felt that whenever a submissive knelt before him they either wanted to prove that they could do a better job of sucking him off then everyone else or they were so intimidated by him that they rushed through trying to get him to cum as quickly as they could. Even with his uncanny ability to mentor his submissives he still remained apathetic. No, he preferred to bury his cock deeply into a nice warm ass, feeling totally surrounded, being able to go at the pace he wanted to go and cum when he wanted to cum.

Nothing could have prepared Michael for what happened the moment Scott slid down his body and wrapped his mouth and hands around his cock. At first he thought that the emotions of the day made Scott's mouth feel so exceptionally good as he gently licked and sucked him, but then when he felt Scott's hands enveloping his cock and balls, and moving in complete sync with his mouth for the first time in his life he wasn't thinking about reaching an orgasm he was just enjoying what was happening to him.

When the orgasm did come it took Michael by such surprise that he was left totally spent and speechless – a condition he had rarely felt before. Somehow Scott's mouth and hands brought him to some sort of precipice and held him there. It wasn't like bringing him to the edge and backing down, then coming back again, he was being held there. It felt like time was being frozen, but not the feeling. His entire body was in orgasmic mode, his abs were tight, his ass clenched and he could even feel his own cum moving slowly up his shaft when somehow Scott just held it there. It wasn't painful - in fact his body was being filled with this unique sense of ultimate pleasure as every part of his body was experiencing these new and unique sensations. And he was still being held there. Scott was barely breathing, every synapse of his body was directed towards Michael's cock.

All it took was a slight movement of Scott's finger and the dam instantaneously burst open. Michael's back arched up high as he let out a gut wrenching groan from deep within him and flooded Scott's mouth with his hot juicy load. Scott took every drop and held his cock suspended in his mouth as Michael's body continued writhing to his touch.

With the greed of a man that wanted more – much more - Scott didn't stop. Before Michael had had time to recover from his first orgasm Scott took him back to that precipice again...and held him there again...until Michael came, falling back onto the bed, his body and cock completely drained. Scott moved back up, drawing his mouth to Michael's kissing the gift of his final cum to him. With Michael's last bit of strength he pulled Scott against him and held him as tightly as he could and managed to say one word. "Never."

Michael didn't want to sleep, he wanted more but his body betrayed and although he tried to fight it he drifted into a sexual-drained coma like he had never felt before. 

*******************

I should have been tired, it had been over 36 hours since I had slept, but I was too afraid that if I closed my eyes the next time I opened them I'd be in my bed at home and this would have just been a dream.

I lay on my side for a long time starring at Michael, watching his beautiful, serenely content body sleeping until bathroom urges called me away. Silently I slipped out of bed and availed myself of the opulent bathroom before setting my sights on the kitchen, hoping there would be something to eat.

I didn't see Michael as the type of person that kept hoards of food in his house, especially with a 24 hour restaurant downstairs. I was, however, pleasantly surprised to find chocolate chip cookies and milk that was still fresh, exactly what a growing man like myself needed. I grabbed a couple bottles of water drinking the first one in on big gulp then took my stash of goodies and settled in at the counter that divided the kitchen from the living room. I could never have imagined that sex could make me so ravenously hungry.

I wasn't alone for too long, a few minutes later Michael came up behind me and hugged me to his chest. "I woke up and thought I had dreamed everything." He whispered kissing the back of my head.

"Great minds" I said. He gave me a questioning moan and I told him that I was scared to sleep for the same reason. He sat down beside me and took a cookie while I passed him a bottle of water.

"I can order some real food from downstairs if you'd like."

"Mmmm, no...this is just fine..." I mumbled with my mouth full of cookie. My tone was pensive when I finally tuned to him. "I'm sorry...I think I disappointed you." I said after I swallowed the cookie.

He grabbed my shoulder. "What are you talking about?" he said in a panicked tone.

"You said "Never'...I took that as you never wanted me to do that again."

Michael burst out laughing. "Oh Scott, that is the farthest thing from what I meant. I said never because never in my life had I ever had a sexual experience like that! You left me so utterly speechless and spent that the only thing I could say was never."

I wanted to smile, but there was still so much uncertainty within me. Being with another man, hell being with another person, was something I wasn't used to, for me every second was a learning experience. Before two hours ago I had never even been naked with another person. Taking Michael in my mouth like I had was a unique experience for me. The other two cocks I had sucked I was told to do it and what to do. But Michael opened himself to me and let me take control. That funny little computer in my head tried to compile everything I had ever fantasized about doing, but the moment I wrapped my lips around his cock head everything changed and I visualized what I had always fantasized to be my perfect blow job and just lived that fantasy out on Michael.

"Please tell me what you are thinking." He begged.

"I just don't want to disappoint you Michael, I'm not experienced like other people and you deserve the best and I worry about that I won't be good for you."

"Scott," he said, "experience doesn't mean anything. You literally just proved that to me. What I care about is that you are comfortable and happy AND enjoying what we are doing...You're body is finally waking up Scott. Remember all these feelings, because you will only experience them once. Please don't get me wrong, what I'm trying to say is that once you've experienced something, for example like the feel of me drawing my tongue over your lips you now know what it feels like. Whether you like it or not your body or more precisely your brain will let you know. Then, when I do it again," He paused, leaned into me and ran his tongue over my lips. "You will know what the sensation feels like and either let me continue or push me away...I want to know every part of your body Scott, if it means experiencing things for the first time, then so be it. Am I making any sense?"

I shook my head yes. "I do understand what you are saying Michael, but shouldn't I be finding out what makes you have those intense feelings also?"

"First of all I think you know you already have. But secondly and most importantly my body is all yours to do with what you'd like." He said opening his arms widely.

"May I tell you one thing I really liked?" I asked suddenly turning a bright shade of red. Michael nodded his head. I could tell he was trying to stifle his smile. "When we were at Renaldo's this afternoon. I loved when you ran your finger down my ass. It's almost like I can still feel that sensation even now."

He stood and paused, "Don't move...wait here for a second."

When he returned he put a small white unlabeled bottle of lubricant on the counter. "This is only if you want to use it." He said turning his back to me. He pushed the stool he had been sitting on a little further away and rested his chest on the seat. His ass was pointing straight at me as he reached behind him and spread his ass cheeks.

My finger drifted down Michael's ass. Michael started moaning the moment I touched him, echoing his moans from earlier in the afternoon when I touched him there. Letting just the tips of my fingers explore him I felt the smoothness of his closed little hole that seemed to vibrate against me the moment I touched it and I remembered how I had the same reaction when Michael touched me like this.

My total ineptness showed through when I reached for the bottle of lube and then couldn't get it opened. I didn't know how much to use or how much pressure I should use once my finger was lubed up. But Michael's constantly reassuring voice let me know that everything was okay, to take a deep breath and go as slowly as I wanted to. More than anything else he wanted me to enjoy what we were doing.

All my uncertainties dissolved the moment my finger slipped easily into the soft warmness of his ass. But my finger wasn't my cock, and it still worried me that I would hurt him if I was to try using it. When I was comfortable that I wasn't hurting him with one finger I slowly slid a second into him. His moaning became deeper, more sensual as his hips swayed and pushed back against my hand.

The courage was rising within me. Not only did I want to make Michael happy, I realized I did want to know how what it would feel like when I put my cock in him. I stood up behind him, gradually sliding my fingers from his ass. In their place I touched the tip of my cock to him. Seeing my thick bulging head against his tiny hole was daunting, I didn't know if I could do this.

"It's okay Scott, I promise you won't hurt me..." he whispered. Slowly I pushed into him. I couldn't believe my eyes as the head disappeared inside of him. There was a moment of hesitation until I felt him relaxing against enough to accept me.

"Look at that beautiful cock of yours sliding into me...now stop...don't move" he said in a raspy heavy breathed tone. I thought I was hurting him and held myself perfectly still to the point of not even breathing when unexpectedly I felt him pushing back against me. I watched more and more of my cock disappearing into him, his moaning filling the room. "Now you...you...push the rest of the way in..."

It was just one quick stroke and my thighs were touching his. I pushed his hands away, replacing them with mine and spreading his ass cheeks further. I watched as I pulled myself an inch out of him then pushed back in. I could have never imagined that anything could feel so right. I hadn't realized just how much I wanted to feel this close to another human being, to feel their warmth, softness and juiciness.

"You feel so fucking good!" He said rising up from his hips and pressing his back into my chest, his lips seeking out mine. I wrapped my arms around him and pulled him tighter to me.

"Your cock is no longer virgin Scott. It's time to be a man...I want you to fuck me..." He was right it was time. Michael bent back down, I spread his ass cheeks and began pulling my cock from him, when I was more than half way out I pushed back to him. He let out a load moan and begged for more. 

We each find our manhood in different ways. I found mine at that exact moment. I didn't know if the knowledge of how to fuck is ingrained in our brain but somehow, someway I knew exactly how to bring the most pleasure to both Michael and myself. I started with long slow strokes, but as the urge to feel more pressure against my cock I started moving faster with thrusting strokes slapping into him. Our moans echoed around the room in complete harmony to each other. My cock was swelling, my balls drawing up tighter, I was going to cum. Michael could feel the change and clenched his ass tighter around me.

My cock exploded deep inside his ass, filling him with my juices.

I WAS FINALLY A MAN! My cock continued pulsating in Michael's ass. I was cumming and didn't want to stop. Michael was breathlessly moaning for more. I didn't stop. I kept thrusting in and out. I was still hard and wanted to cum again.

He was begging me to fuck him harder, and I did. Sweat was dripping off both of our bodies. 

My second orgasm hit quickly and with more intensity than the first. Primitive growls emitted once again from deep within me as I shot my load. Michael reared up and slapped his slick body against mine as my orgasm finally started to subside. Our breathing synced together as I buried my head into his neck and held my shaking body to his.
