 (Authors Note: This is the 14thinstallment in the Brownstone series. In reading order they are: Michael Ch01,02 Charles Ch01,02,03 Michael Ch03,04,05. Scott Ch01,02,03,04,05

This is the final chapter of the story. I hope you've enjoyed it.)

*

It was such a wonderful feeling to wake up, spooned into Michael's arms, his face nuzzled into my neck. It had been a jammed packed two weeks since Renny succeeded in getting us back together and we hadn't been separated from each for more than a few minutes at any given time. Michael put the project on hold and took what he called an extended vacation from work. In the twenty plus years since he had worked at C&C he had never taken more than a few days off at any given time. Fortunately modern technology would allow us to keep in contact with the office without having to be there 24/7. Neither of us knew how long we'd do this, we really didn't care. We both just figured one morning we would wake up, dress and go back to work again.

There have been a lot of things I have gotten used since we came to the brownstone – the lack of privacy being primary. It was odd to realize that I had gone from a non-sexual marriage to cold and frigid woman to a relationship with a warm loving man where I was having the most incredible sex, multiple times a day in an apartment that was constantly filled with people that had no inhibitions whatsoever. They also appeared to derive some type of enjoyment from watching Michael and my relationship as it developed and grew. 

It started almost immediately upon our return to the brownstone when what appeared to be the entire population of the brownstone came out to greet us as we walked into the lobby. It felt like the scene out of the 'Wizard of Oz' when Dorothy returned to the Emerald City after killing off the wicked witch. We had rid the brownstone of the likes of Richard and the general consensus was pure elation from everyone there. The song "ding-dong the witch is dead' just kept playing over and over in my head.

The welcome home party moved upstairs to the lounge area where we were shuffled from one group to another. By one o'clock in the morning we were finally able to steal away when people finally started to break down into either smaller groups or couples to take care of their own primal needs.

"I had the elevator code changed...I think its best you know it now ..."Michael said smiling when we stepped into it, "its 0726"

"That's my birthday" I answered surprised.

"I know..." he said.

The apartment was quiet and for a long moment we just stood in the hallway hugging each other soaking in the stillness and quiet. It was so nice to be someplace that only Michael and I occupied. Somehow through the thousands of kisses we were sharing we made our way to the bedroom. Our bodies seemed to sag against each other when the adrenaline we had both been running on for the past eight hours had finally ceded as we collapsed on the bed and just stared into space.

"Tired?" He asked. 

"Mmmm huh." I said shaking his head. "I feel like my life wasn't my own for the past few weeks...it's difficult to explain...but without you in my life it just hasn't been complete." I sat up suddenly and looked at him. "Promise me that we'll never do this to each other ever again."

"Trust me Scott that is one promise I intend to keep every day for the rest of our lives." He said grabbing and holding me tightly to him.

Somehow we made it to the shower and back to the bed and before we could even think about sex we both fell into a long well deserved sleep. It was close to 11:00 the next morning when I opened my eyes and all I could do was smile as I stared into Michael's beautiful face. I couldn't help but feel so utterly content and for the first time in a long time stress free. Moving ever so slightly, I allowed my hand to wrap around Michael's already hard cock. He took in a deep breath and smiled, hugging me closer to him.

"I want to wake up like this every morning for the rest of my life." He said sleepily.

"Mmmmm...me too....but right now I must play doctor for a minute and give you a thorough exam. After that I am going to oil you up and give the first of many glorious orgasms I intend for you to have today..." 

I was filled with relief when I saw that his cock looked 100% better. The dotted bruising along his shaft had faded from a bluish-black hue to a yellowish color, a sign he was healing, and the cuts were all closed with no sign of any irritation or infection. A thick bead of pre-cum had oozed slowly from his slit and my first instinct was to lick it off but then I remembered the doctor had banned oral for the next few days. Sadly I wiped my thumb over it before licking his sweetness into my mouth.

"The doctor told me I can't fuck or be sucked until I'm healed, but he didn't say that I can't be fucked or that I couldn't suck" he said devilishly. 

"That is very true, and what pray tell do you have in mind?" 

Instead of telling me Michael decided to show me. Wordlessly, he took some of the oil I was using on his cock, slathered my cock with it, and rolled on top of me reaching behind him and guided my cock to his ready and open hole. Very slowly he sunk down on my shaft, enjoying the feeling of my slick thick cock entering him.

"Oh fuck...I love feeling you slide into me," he gasped relishing every moment of this passion towards me. "Come into my arms." He whispered.

I lifted my body up into a sitting position and pressed myself against his chest. He let out another loud groan, as my cock drove even deeper into him. "You feel so good. I've missed you so much." He whimpered wrapping his legs around me. He pulled me closer to his chest holding me tightly to him. His cock was sandwiched between us and every time one of us moved our bodies rubbed gently against it causing what I hoped to be a slow, sensual orgasm for him. 

Without moving himself away from me Michael began flexing his hips back and forth across my cock, every time he moved forward he would clench his anal muscles and relaxed them when he moved back. Indescribable feelings flooded my body. Our lips were sealed together in one of those never ending kisses as our movements became more pronounced. I slipped my hand between us, to add more friction to his cock.

"Michael cum with me," I cried as I bucked my cock deeper into him.

"Yes... cum for me too Scott...let me feel you cum...." He clenched his ass tightly around my swollen cock and held it firmly as I shot my load deeply into him at the very moment he began shooting his hot cum onto our chests. Our deep groans from this ultimate pleasure we had just given each other echoed throughout the room.

Neither of us moved after we came, we just clung onto each other refusing to separate ourselves. I could feel Michael's heart beating through his chest against mine. "I don't ever want to lose this moment" Michael said kissing every part of my face in an effort to map the memory we were making. 

"Moment-schmoment!" a voice yelled from across the room. Michael and I turned our heads as one to see Renny leaning against the doorway arms folded across his chest. Michael touched his forehead to mine in resignation that our special time was now over and we just shook our heads in disbelief as we watched Renny take a flying leap to the bed, landing inches from us.

"What's up boys?" He asked innocently scanning his eyes up and down our co-joined bodies.

"Kinda obvious isn't it?" Michael said not even trying to hide the sarcasm in his voice, "How about you?"

"O M G" he said in his usual dramatic flair, "Thank you! Thank you! Thank you, for introducing me to Wally, he is just the best! We sucked and fucked all night and please note he IS vetted into the brownstone so you don't have to worry. What a doll baby he is. After all these years I think I have finally found my match!" He paused and looked at us hugging each other, staring into each other's eyes. "Did I interrupt something?" 

"No...not at all." I said mimicking Michael sarcasm. "We sit like this all time when we are having a casual conversation."

Renny smiled, but made no overture that he was going to move any time soon. "Hey, you lied." he said punching my arm lightly. 

"About what?" I said tearing my eyes away from Michael for a brief moment to acknowledge Renny.

"You told that ass-hole Richard that you and Michael never did anything...this sure looks like something to me."

"Yeah...well...up until this moment what Michael and I did or didn't do was between us."

"Oh sweetie, you know your secret is safe with me....." He said leaning over and kissing each of us on our cheeks.

"Just out of curiosity how did you get in here Ren?" I asked.

"Peyton must have let him in, I heard him come in early this morning." Michael answered moving slightly causing my cock to twitch deep inside him.

"Yes...right...wait...he told me to tell you something...um....of yeah...he said to let you know that he is here, breakfast is ready in the kitchen and he's going down to the dungeon to get some much needed attention. It seems someone's been a very selfish Master lately and hasn't allowed his pet out to play with others for a long long time."

*

It took awhile, but we were finally able to coax Renny into waiting for us in the kitchen. I was still hard and deep in Michael's ass and wanted him again, so I rolled him over on his back and made gentle love to him. I was overwhelmed with the emotions I was feeling for Michael but in the end it all boiled down to - I simply couldn't get enough of him. 

It was another twenty-five minutes before we joined Renny in the kitchen.

Renny sat watching Peyton who had returned from the dungeon with a nice red ass kneeling on the floor masturbating. Michael explained that it was Peyton's ritual every morning to kneel and masturbate. It was part of his love of humiliation to have to masturbate in front of people and then be forced to lick up his cum.

"How long have you been stroking yourself Peyton?" Michael asked in an authoritative manner as he stepped over him to get to his seat at the table.

"Five minutes Sir." He answered.

"That's not long enough. I want you to stroke harder for another five minutes before you come."

"Yes Sir, thank you Sir."

"Renny said you were his Master? Is he your submissive? Do you have sex with him?" I knew my voice was a few octaves higher than I had wanted it to be. Although the sight of Peyton kneeling on the kitchen floor masturbating was hot...I mean really hot...the reality of the brownstone suddenly hit me in the face.

"Oh lordy no!" Michael exclaimed. He was quiet for a long moment then quite uncharacteristic of him, he burst out laughing. "I remember the first time I saw Peyton do this...it was the first weekend I was with Charles in Cape Cod. I was so abhorred by the whole thing that I literally ran away. And now I'm looking at you and seeing almost the same look in your eyes."

"Already did that...never doing it again." I said, smiling at him.

"That's good, because I won't let you." Shutting out the fact that Peyton was on the floor masturbating and Renny was hanging on every word Michael was saying he took my hand in his and looked me dead in my eyes. "Scott, I am the Head Master of the brownstone. What that means is that I own the place and I am responsible for everything that happens under this roof. I am not a Master. I have had sexual relationships with many of the submissives here on an ongoing basis since I was about twenty-six years old. I enjoy mentoring the younger submissives, teaching them the finer points of how to bring ultimate pleasure to men they are serving. I am not anything like Richard, and have never inflicted pain, other than an occasional erotic spanking, on another person."

Was Michael looking into my soul and seeing the uncertainty I was feeling about this place? He held my gaze to his silently giving me the reassurance I was looking for. "Scott, I know that all of this might be a little mind-boggling, okay maybe a lot, but I want you to know that it is you that I want – just you. If you want to get dressed and leave this place and never come back here again, I will do that. I want what will make you happy. I know it's difficult to believe right now, but since that first night in Pound Ridge that is what I've always ever wanted."

"Actually," I said reassured once again, "I want to watch Peyton cum and then if you don't mind I would love to take you back into the bedroom and make love to you again...and again...and again..."

"Then that is what we will do!" He said leaning into me and kissing my lips gently. I took his kiss, but wanted 'that more' and pulled him to me kissing him full on.

Reality filtered back to us when Renny sighed loudly breaking the moment we had - yet again. I loved Renny with my heart and soul, but I could see that moving forward tempering him somewhat was definitely in order. 

Peyton was still on the floor masturbating, waiting for Michael to give him the go ahead to cum. The moment he got the brief nod Peyton shot a nice juicy load on to the kitchen floor. Michael looked at it approvingly and at the same moment Peyton bent over and licked it up. When he was done he stood and left the room silently - his red ass cheeks happily smiling at us.

"He's the best manservant anyone could ever ask for...but there are quirks to his personality." Michael told us laughing. In a moment of stunning clarity I realized that this world that Michael occupied was fun and kinky and different and probably a thousand more adjectives - and that we could coexist within it without it taking anything away from him and I. 

"I thought it was hot." Renny said standing and showing us his bulging fullness in his pants. "Anytime you want to send him to Wally and me we'll be more than happy to satisfy this ritual"

Ten minutes later Peyton was dressed and back in the kitchen, like nothing had happened, serving more coffee and making more food. Whether it was the spectacular sex or the release of all the stress we had both put ourselves through over the past weeks our hunger was primal and ferocious and we had eaten everything Peyton had originally laid out for us and had gone to my stand-by favorite of chocolate chip cookies and milk. 

"So what are you boys up to today?" Renny asked as when our bellies were finally full.

"I think Scott pretty much laid out what he had planned for me today. It's the bedroom for us for however long he wants us there." Michael said winking at me.

"Mmmm...I remember doing that once or twice in my life." Renny said. "In case you're interested I'm meeting Wally here in a little while, and we are going to go to my shop where I promised him am extra special Renaldo treatment...and then some."

Michael and I looked at each other at the same time than back to Renny, "Why don't you come for dinner tonight Renny" I said.

"And bring Wally." Michael added,

"We need to say thank the two of you properly for everything you did."

"Yes...Yes...Yes..." Renny said dancing around the room. 

The doctor interrupted Renny's impromptu dance when he showed up unannounced to check on Michael. 

No one gave it a second thought when the doctor unceremoniously opened Michael's silk robe and started checking Michael out in the kitchen with Renny and I watching on. The doctor was pleased that Michael had successfully had several orgasms and announced that he was healing better than he had expected and within a couple of days all of this would be just a bad memory. After his exam he sat with us and had a cup of coffee but seemed distracted. When he finally rose to leave he turned to Michael.

"There is something I do need to talk to you about Michael." Michael knew by the tone of his voice that it was brownstone related and before my eyes he turned into 'Michael the Head Master'. Quietly he excused himself from Renny and Peyton and asked the doctor and me to join him in the office. 

"What's up doc?" Michael said jokingly when we were comfortably seated in the office.

"You know that Kei has come to live at the brownstone now."

"I do." Michael said nodding his head. Michael's demeanor was stiff and I could see that he was dreading this conversation. 

"I've been treating Kei for a number of years now..."

"Treating?" I asked.

"Yes...well...Master Richard wasn't the most mild-mannered Master."

"Tell me." Micahel said pronouncing his words precisely through his clenched jaw.

"To start with, in the past, I've treated the boy three times for the worst bladder infections I'd ever seen. One time I wanted to hospitalize him but Richard convinced me not to. He hired a private nurse that stayed at his condo 24/7 until the boy was well again. I'm not sure what he was doing to the boy, and Kei would never tell me, but whatever it was he always waited until the boy was passing blood and severely dehydrated before he brought him to me." 

The doctor was visibly disturbed that he had to talk about Kei like he was. "Michael, I'm really sorry that I didn't come to you sooner...Kei...has been...so badly abused and sometimes his ass had been so severely mistreated I had to put the boy on furlough because of the anal bleeding." He paused again knowing that he had to tell Michael everything but hating what he needed to say. "And...well...twice... I had to go to Richard's condo only to find the boy unconscious...Richard's sadism in the confines of his penthouse knew no bounds."

Michael was stone silent. 

"I figured now that he's here, he should be safe ...but..." the doctor said.

Michael looked at him with fire in his eyes, what more could there be.

"Someone is still mistreating him."

"What do you mean?" I asked. I know I was feeling the same panic Michael was feeling.

"I've made it my practice to exam every submissive a minimum of once a week, especially submissives that are anally active. Since most of the members are built on the larger side I always like to make sure there is no tearing or abscesses. I examined Kei when he came to the brownstone a week ago and his anus showed sign of active use but was surprisingly healthy given Master Richard's sadism. Yesterday I did another exam and found evidence that he has been sexually active, or should I say very active – his anus showed definite signs of use and there were some small tears as well. He wasn't bleeding, but it was painful to the touch for him. I also found black and blue marks on his inner thighs and under his arms and the remnants of bite marks on his nipples. I checked with Eric and he told me Kei hasn't been on the floor since he arrived."

"Who is Eric?" I asked. I felt like an outsider looking in.

"He's the current majordomo. Other than the restaurants and spa he pretty much is responsible for everything that happens in the brownstone." The doctor said.

Michael was silent for a long time. When he finally spoke he did so slowly, clearly and with a tone that told me that if anyone were to say the wrong word to him he was going to lose it.

"First...I never ever want to have a conversation like this with you again. You have worked here long enough to know better than wait to tell me things like this. Next...Going forward I want daily access to the reports you prepare on each submissive...no...on anyone that you treat, whether it be submissives, Trainer, Master or even you. If you have to treat anyone for anything other than a stubbed toe I want to know about it. Also...if you have to treat anyone that does not live on premises but comes here I want to know immediately. This is going to stop...and this is going to stop today."

The doctor, not swayed by Michael's demands, readily agreed. Michael walked him to the door and even as angry as he was he still thanked the doctor for taking care of everyone as well as he did. 
