 (Authors Note: This is the 12th installment in the Brownstone series. In reading order they are: Michael Ch01,02 Charles Ch01,02,03 Michael Ch03, Ch04,05 Scott Ch01,02,03

Stay tuned! The best is yet to come!!) 

The alarm clock jarred me from sleep I felt I just fallen into. I rolled over and looked at the clock and wondered why I even bother when I know that it was set to go off at 6 o'clock every morning. Then I realized it isn't the time it's the date I was more interested in. My life had been reduced to the numbers of days since...well since things changed so drastically. Looking at the date I sadly acknowledge that it's now been eleven days. 

The days have all blended into one. Up at six, a long run around the park, a hot shower and the rest of the day and night devoted to work. Either Bud or a first year associate stops by every morning to do the pick-up/drop off thing. I prefer when it's Bud -- at least he's nice enough to bring breakfast and we sit and chat for a little while. Michael's demands have increased tri-fold since he went back to Washington causing almost everyone in the office to be effected by the project on some level. 

Bud has been a broken record constantly asking me how I was and if I was ready to talk. I guess I always said the same thing I'm fine and not yet. Last night, however, when sleep refused to relived me from my angst I realized that I can't continue to live like this anymore that one way or another I have to move on with my life. I just didn't know if that includes Michael or not. It's the same thing over and over again. I get to the point where I want to be with him so badly...then BAM!!!...that fucking invasion of my privacy hits me in the face again. I can't seem to be able to get past it. 

Reluctantly I got out of bed, did the bathroom thing and threw on clothes for my run. I grabbed my running shoes and was walking into the living room when the front door opened. It didn't surprise me. Bud had a habit of stopping by whenever he felt like it. I guess he figured I'd seen him naked he could walk in on me however he wanted.

"Good...I'm glad I caught you before you left for your run." He said unceremoniously without bothering to say 'Good Morning' or asking how I was.

"I'm fine thanks, you?" I said back to him smiling.

"Such a fucking smartass...I have to be stuck with the biggest smartass on this earth." He said and took a seat at the dining room table. "I have a phone conference at nine am, I don't have time to dilly-dally...I need your findings from yesterday."

I ignored him. Work was the farthest thing on my mind. I needed to make changes and get on with whatever I was going to do.

"Bud, I need to know more about the brownstone." I said. 

My words caught him off guard. It was the first time I had mentioned the brownstone since I had left there. He looked at his watch, it was just past seven. He had two hours before he had to get to his meeting.

"You pick the one damn morning I can't sit around and talk...oh well...it doesn't matter, you are more important than Michael...I knew one day you would want to know about it." He stopped for a moment and thought the best way to approach the subject. "What would you like to know?" Before I could even say a word he spoke again, "Scott, the brownstone is filled with so many different types of men, who all want basically the same thing -- the company of another man."

"I understand that. It's the Master/submissive thing I want to know about. Why does one man willing get down on his knees to service another man? And what makes a man, the dominate one, want to have someone cater to his every whim?" "Wow!!! You aren't asking too much. I know I've told you some it -- from my life experiences. What if you were to meet some of the people that partake in the lifestyle? Hear it directly from their point of view. They should be able to paint you a better picture than I can."

"I can't go back there."

"No, I'll bring a few people here. We'll have a little dinner party and you can ask all the questions you'd like."

"I appreciate that Bud. It seems for every question I ask myself there are ten more behind it that are unanswered."

"This is a good sign Scott. I'm proud of you" He was staring at me and it was making me very uncomfortable.

"I really do see why Michael fell for you. If I wasn't such a humble and nice person, and also quite married, I think I would be all over you in a heartbeat. After all, Michael's loss could be my gain." Laughing at his sick sense of humor I chose to ignore what was obviously a come on. I couldn't help but shiver at the thought of sex and Bud in the same vernacular. Prudently I decided to change the subject and went to my office to grab the files I had been working on.

Bud left me a message on my cell while I was out and told me that he had made arrangements to have a Master, his submissive and a Trainer come to the condo at seven o'clock that evening. "I will bring dinner have the table set for five. I'll warn you right now the people that are coming to the condo take their lifestyle very seriously. I want you to see the most extreme aspect of the lifestyle. Every Master is different and most men that go there don't master at all -- they just want to have their cocks taken care of. Master Richard's submissive does not reside at the brownstone, but they are there on a regular basis. For them the lifestyle is a 24/7 thing so don't be surprised at anything that might happen. The Trainer that is coming from the brownstone is a former submissive of Master Richard. I can also tell you that Michael is not involved nearly as much as Richard is, but I wanted you to see how serious it can be..." the message cut off. Bud had used the maximum length allowed for voice messages. He didn't bother to call me back and finish what he was saying. It didn't matter he had peaked my curiosity.

I was both excited and apprehensive about spending an evening with these people. I had spent the afternoon on the internet absorbing everything I could about the D/s lifestyle in the male community. Most of it was very extreme, filled with steroids fueled muscular men, lots of leather, worn construction boots and brutal tortures carried out on 'unsuspecting' men. 

After my short foray at the brownstone I didn't sense that it was like that, but I had only seen a snippet of what went on there, as Michael told me there were many levels to the place.

Bud had already confirmed, and I got the impression from the few conversations we had that the brownstone took pride in catering to men's more basic needs more than taking things to outermost limits. I wondered why he had decided to show the extreme aspect instead of something more middle of the road. Could it have been so simple as by showing me the worst it could everything else was quite, how does it go -- vanilla? Bud arrived at 6:30 and had everything ready by the time the doorbell rang promptly at 7pm. Richard entered, looking nothing like the overblown image I had created in my mind. I estimated him to be closer to Bud's age, in his mid to late fifties. He was dressed casually in black slacks and a polo shirt that only served to amplify his well maintained muscular physique. I could tell by his graying buzz cut hair and the way he carried himself that he definitely had military in his background, and it wasn't until much later that I found out he was a former Marine General. Following close behind him was his submissive, Kei, a delicate looking Asian man who immediately removed his too big overcoat only for me to see that he was naked beneath it. He immediately knelt at his Master's feet and didn't move until Richard did. John arrived less than a minute later.

John too was dressed casually, his clothing mirroring Richards's only in different colors, almost like he called Richard ahead of time to find out what he was wearing. Looking at the variety of men that were in the room I hadn't realized until that moment that all my life my attentions were drawn to men. Whereas most men have gazed upon women, appreciating their beauty, I welcomed the sight of a good looking man. And John fit that bill to the max. He was mouthwateringly handsome, with a raw sex appeal that radiated from deep within him. He greeted Bud cordially and ignored that fact I was standing next to him, he didn't even give me a fleeting glance. His attentions were centered on Richard and there was barely a minute that his eyes didn't leave him. "I hope you don't mind my submissives' lack of clothing," Richard said to everyone, "he has been trained to be ready for me at all times." Kei kept his eyes cast downward.

Bud took care of introducing me to Richard and John, who out of ingrained good manners shook my hand. Somehow I got the impression that the only reason he was there was to be close to Richard. Kei, Richard's submissive was not introduced. Bud later told me that since Kei was a possession of Richard's it was up to him if he wanted me to be introduced to him.

Richard shook my hand, holding on to it longer than the actual handshake immediately making me uncomfortable. His eyes pierced into mine almost like he was trying to hypnotize me. My eyes zoned in on his face, alternating between his forehead and his nose in an attempt to avoid contact with his eyes. Knowing that I was looking at him he licked his tongue over his teeth, gapping his mouth open for an instant. I pulled my hand away and turned back to Bud, much to Richard's displeasure, breaking his gaze and his attempted hold over me.

"Nice to meet you Scott," he said in low husky voice. I saw you at the brownstone a week or so back, at the weekend in the wild and wondered who you were -- such a lovely boy all by himself hiding in shadows. I was pleasantly surprised when Bud called me today to invite me to meet you." 

I don't know why but for some reason an image of a vampire trying to entice into me in his evil trap so he could suck my blood (and make me his) flashed through my head. This was a man that didn't bother to hide his lascivious side and I found myself inching away from him. 

"Master Richard is a true Master. There aren't many like him anymore." Bud whispered to me as we walked to the dining room, I think in some way Bud was jealous of him. "John was his possession for close to seven years until Master Richard moved on to Kei, but John will always be subservient to him, and on occasion Master Richard still uses him. It was Master Richard who chose who would be here this evening."

In the dining room, out of respect I offered Richard the seat at the head of the table. The adage 'keep your friends close and your enemies closer' came to mind -- I wanted to keep Richard close enough that I would know what he was doing at all times. He wasn't a man you wanted to turn your back on. John sat to his right. Bud and I were on the other side of the table. Richard made a point of having me sit to his left side. Kei, his submissive, served the dinner and knelt next to Richard at his beck and call. At one point during the meal Richard leaned over and whispered in my ear, "You really are quite beautiful." Moving away from him I looked away without saying anything. There was light conversation around the table, which Richard didn't take part in. His attentions were centered on me, watching my every move.

"Bud tells me that you are our beloved Head Master's newest interest." Richard stated bluntly after we had finished eating and Kei had served us coffee. His contemptuous tone also let me know that he held Michael in low regard and disrespected him by speaking about him in such a low manner. I didn't really know how to respond to his statement, so I just let it pass with a nod of my head. 

"And this is your first man-on-man relationship?"

Again I shook my head. There was a long pause before out of the blue Richard slammed his hand down on the table making everyone jump and focus our attention on him. 

"Boy, I don't mean to be rude, but I'm not used to people nodding or shaking their head at me. We were given the ability to speak so that we can communicate with each other. If I wanted someone to nod to me all night I could go to the zoo and watch a fucking chimpanzee nod just as good as you can." His voice was firm and although he wasn't yelling at me he was speaking loudly enough that I went beet red with embarrassment.

"I am sorry sir," I found myself saying. Fuck this man knew how to get my attention!

"That's better. At least I know you have the ability to speak. Now where was I? Yes, I remember now...Michael...do you still have a virgin ass?"

His question caught me totally off guard. "Sir?" I asked, not sure what he was asking me or why.

"Hmmm, either you don't understand English or my words were too difficult for you. Let me try it this way...DID HE FUCK YOU IN THE ASS?" he spoke in a loud voice enunciating each word, reciting them staccato in such a patronizing manner l felt like a total moron. 

Lowering my head I respond in as calm a tone as I could muster, fighting my A-type personality to stay calm and not tell the asshole to fuck off.

"No sir, he did not." 

He didn't say another word until we moved from the dining room into the living room. It was such an odd feeling to have four people sitting not able to speak until they were spoken to by Richard. I saw the control that he commanded, and as humiliated as he made me feel there was definitely a part of me that for some unknown reason felt excited and looked forward to how the evening would progress. His command over both Kei and John was phenomenal. No matter what he said or how he acted they responded to him with indisputable respect and something else -- maybe love. They moved silently fulfilling his every order and seemed to be able to anticipate his needs before he said anything. Sitting on the brown leather rolled arm chair, like it was his own personal throne, Richard instructed John to go to the car and get his bag then assist Kei with cleaning up the dinner dishes and remain in the kitchen until he called them back in the room. Without saying a word he left the room leaving just the three of us.

"Putting my Master side away for a moment, I appreciate you letting us visit your home this evening Scott. I know that you have a lot of questions and I will attempt to answer as many as I can. Bud mentioned that you have questions about the lifestyle many men at the brownstone, including myself, have chosen to lead and how the brownstone plays into it. I will do my best to try and answer any questions you might have...but before we begin I was curious...are you considering entering into a submissive lifestyle?" Richard had leaned back in the chair with his legs crossed his long index finer running slowly across his lips.

"I'm not sure I am submissive material sir." I said almost chuckling. Was I?

"Oh I totally disagree with you." There was a brief pause until Richard stared right at me and told me to stand up. I don't know why but I stood, maybe because I was scared of him yelling at me again. Unfurling his long legs Richard stood up and walked a close circle around me. "You truly are a fine piece of man...that ass of yours has been keeping me hard all night...you keep yourself in good shape and I did my research on you, your intelligence and IQ are off the charts...very nice...I am extremely impressed with you" his hand drifted lightly across my back as he spoke in a low sexy voice that made the hairs on my arms stand up. 

"Now...why did you stand up when I told you to Scott?" he didn't wait for me to answer he just kept talking, "because you liked having someone take the decision making out of your hands. You like being told what to do. You listened to my voice, trusted me enough to do what I told you to do and did it. That is what a good submissive does..."

"I..." I started to speak but couldn't find the words and just stammered. Was he right? Before Michael the two men I had sucked took any decision making options away from me. For the pleasure of being able to suck their cocks I happily handed over the power to them -- albeit for a brief amount of time.

"Out of respect for Michael I will not touch you but while I am here I am the Master while under this roof." He announced. "Since you are still a virgin I cannot think of you as anything but a boy, so that is how you will be addressed. You will address me as Master Richard or Sir." He was standing behind me so closely I could feel his hot breath against the back of my neck. "I can make you into the man you want to be...and you will love every minute of it. Look at Kei and John how they worship me, why do you think that is...because I bring out the best in them..." He whispered in my ear before pulling away from me. Without pausing he called Kei and John back in the room instructing Kei to undress him and service his cock. I couldn't help but feel that I had something to do with the state of his erection. His cock was thick but wasn't nearly the length of mine. Even though I didn't have any real desire to be with another man other than Michael I did allow myself a brief, few second, respite to imagine what it would be like to have such a perfect looking cock sliding down my throat. 

I could feel Richard's eyes on me and knew he was imagining me on my knees doing just that. 

As soon as Richard was undressed John took his clothes off and knelt before Richard letting him view his now hard cock -- another stunning thick rod with a bulbous head. A thick bead of pre-cum capped the head and I found myself licking my lips. Suddenly I felt like a diabetic in a candy store. 

My secret was still in my pants, but somehow I knew before the night was out these men would know it. Then, as if he read my mind...

"It is proper decorum when a Master has shed his clothing for all about him, out of respect, remove their clothing as well." Richard said slowly, licking his tongue over his lower lip and staring at me the whole time. Whether he was being truthful of not, Richard wanted to see me naked and was willing to do anything to succeed. I might have been sexually naïve, but this man was most definitely was lusting after me.

Bud was the first to get up and take off his clothes, leaving me the only person still dressed. I felt like it was due or die time for me. Thinking about all the men at the brownstone that walked around naked, like it was nothing, and how comfortable I was with Michael walking around naked I realized that it was no big deal. Richard had already said that he wouldn't touch me, but did I want to really do this? 

"Well boy? Are you going to respect me or not?" Richard said interrupting my thoughts. 

Slowly I stood and pulled my T-shirt over my head. I kicked off my shoes, bent down and took my socks off. I painstaking took my time to make sure every eye in the room was waiting for the unveiling. Richard seemed to be salivating waiting for me to show myself. Unzipping my jeans I hesitated a moment before taking both the jeans and my underwear off. An eerie silence fell over the room as everyone in the room fixated on me -- well really on my now very hard cock. I held it in my hand and stroked it lightly, letting everyone have a nice long look. If I thought it was possible, Richard's passion had now turned into overwhelming desire. His mouth gaped open and he had pushed Kei away from his cock. Taking his own cock in his hand he began stroking it to match my movements' stroke for stroke. Both Kei and John sat stunned, they had never seen their Master act in this manner before.

"I always appreciated Michael cock and now to find another one that is just as perfect as his - fuck he's is one lucky sonofabitch...oh what I could do to a cock like that..." He hissed. Shaking his head he finally stopped staring at me and ordered me to stop touching myself. 
