 The story so far, Renny and Richard are on a first date. Richard has opened up to Renny about his past telling him how he became a Master and met the man that changed his life. 

***** 

Richard took a moment to savor his memories of Sean. Tearing his gaze away from nothing in particular he looked over to Renny. A sad smile touched his face and with what appeared to be sincere humility he apologized for bringing the mood down. 

"I was wondering if you like to join me for a nightcap at my place?" Richard asked putting his hand on Renny's knee. "I know it's not very gentlemanly to want sex on the first date, but I'd really like to spend the night with you...I want to get lost in your beautiful body and forget about everything else in this world..." 

Renny was at a loss as to what to say or feel. No one had ever quoted dating protocols to him before. He just figured it went without saying they would have sex before the evening was over. It was just the way it was with the brownstone men. 

All evening Renny had been awed by the man before him. The always in control, always to be feared Master Richard, was merely a man and vulnerable as a dainty flower. Never in his wildest imagination could he have believed he would ever be sitting listening to Richard's life, and liking the man behind the reputed evil Master. 

"I would love to go back to your place Richard, but only if you will tell me the rest of the story. Don't keep me hanging, please." 

"If that's the price I must pay, sobeit!" He pulled Renny to him and kissed his lips gently, lingering for a long moment. "I can't wait to kiss those sweet lips of yours all night long." 

Sighing he stood and held his hand to Renny, "Let's walk and I'll tell you about Sean." 

Richard 1982-1989 

Hours later Sean and I reluctantly left the bedroom to get ready for Brian and Brock's return. Quietly, each of lost in our own thoughts, we set the table for the Chinese food they were bringing home with them. The first sight they saw when they walked into the dining room was Sean sitting at one end of the table and me at the other. I wished I could have taken a picture of the look on Brock's face when he saw Sean. To say the least his eyes lit up with undeniable anticipation of things to come. 

Dinner was casual and relaxed. We were just four men sitting around a table, enjoying food and good conversation. There was no talk about Masters or submissives, just movies, sports and current events. We lingered until Sean took the lead and changed the mood when he announced it was time for the boys to clear the table and wait for us in my guest room where they had been staying. 

The boys left the room, but a few short minutes later returned, heads hung low. They patiently waited for us to acknowledge them. Sean finally nodded his head giving Brock the lead. He took a short step forward. 

"May we speak to you, Sirs?" Brock asked looking from Sean to me and back to Sean again. Sean nodded and the boys moved back into the room and sat down next to each other at the table. "Brian and I want to tell you about what happened at the first event we attended two weeks before we met you." Brock was addressing his concerns mainly to Sean knowing he would have a better grasp on the lifestyle and the effect it had on what occurred. Over the next hour Brian and Brock took turns telling us their story. 

Three weeks earlier, on the morning Brian was to leave for Pennsylvania for his first event, Master Colin called and asked if he didn't mind picking up a young man who needed a ride. Brian had been invited to arrive a day before the event to 'audition', so to speak. He hoped if he impressed Master Colin well enough he would recommend a suitable Master for him. Brock wanted to tag along not only because he needed a ride but he had hopes Master Colin would take advantage of him with some much needed attention. It had been too long since he'd been treated to an in-depth punishment and his body ached to be used. Master Colin was reputed to not only have a big cock but a sadistic streak as well, just what Brock craved. 

The minute Brian pulled up to the restaurant where Brock was waiting, their lives changed forever. 

"There was a definite spark between us the moment he got into the car...actually it was more like a loud thud!" Brian said looking over to Brock and smiled. Even the cold-hearted asshole that I was could see the connection between them. 

He went on to tell us how they had made a lot mistakes over the next few hours, the first being the impulsive decision to stop at a rest stop and let their desires get the best of them by slipping into a wooded area. For over an hour they made-out and explored each other culminating in a heavy sixty-nine session each reaching orgasm at the same time. The biggest mistake, however, came once they arrived at Master Colin's. 

Since the event hadn't technically started yet they thought things were a little more relaxed. They spent an informal dinner with Master Colin talking about military life and sports. The subject of sex never came up until the meal was over when Master Colin announced it was time to play. 

Brian immediately dropped to his knees and demonstrated to Master Colin his masterful aptitude by bringing him to a loud and satisfying orgasm minutes later. Master Colin was duly impressed and expressed his gratitude with a quick recovery and another fine load for Brian's talented mouth. The rest of the evening was dedicated to Brock validating Master Colin's capable abilities with a Cat O'Nine tails. The evening culminated with a hearty rough fuck for Brock leaving him deliriously spent, pleased and masochistically contented. 

It was well after midnight when the two young men were shown to the submissive sleeping quarters. Brian caringly bathed his maimed warrior tending to Brock's welted and well used ass. Neither of them thought twice about crawling into the same bed together. They had no idea the room had hidden cameras or that Master Colin was watching them as they whispered sweet-words to each other in between long deep kisses before they finally fell asleep holding each other. 

The next morning Brian woke early to service Master Colin. Master Colin bided his time to appreciate Brian's gifted mouth before he confronted him about his relationship with Brock. His utter calmness sent chills throughout Brian as he spoke in hushed tones telling him how it was unacceptable behavior for two submissives to do the things they did. Supplicated at Master Colin's feet Brian listened to his pronouncement; he was given the option of accepting punishment or being banned and blacklisted meaning his chances of ever finding a decent Master were nil to none. 

Brian lifted his head, tears streaming down his face and knew that no matter what his feelings were for Brock the drive to serve was too strong within him. He was a submissive first and foremost. 

Brian chose punishment. 

Ominously he listened as Master Colin decreed his punishment. He would wear Master Colin's collar for the entire weekend therefore not allowing him to seek a Master of his own. He would be on his knees before Master Colin at all times and would be fitted with a latex hood that had holes allowing him to breathe and a larger hole for his mouth so he could suck Master Colin's cock. He would be in the dark for the entire weekend disallowing him to even gaze at potential Masters. His hands would be restrained behind his back at all times. He would eat out of a dog bowl and drink only when a glass was put to his mouth. A handler would bath him with a rough brush twice a day and administer soapy enemas to clear his bowels. He would remain in complete silence for the entire two days. His cock would be restrained in a cage and he would not be allowed to cum the entire weekend. 

In addition, for the ten kisses Master Colin noted Brian and Brock shared Brian would receive ten spankings spaced out over the weekend. To demonstrate Master Colin took Brain over his lap and spanked him until his bottom was red and sore and tears ran freely down his cheeks. Unlike Brock who garnered his excitement from being punished, Brian felt no sexual arousal from the painful reminder he erred. 

"That was for my enjoyment alone and will not be counted in your punishment." Master Colin said while Brian tended to his Master's reawaken cock. Brian's silent mantra which he kept repeating over and over in his head was: 'that which does not kill us makes us stronger'. He knew if he survived the next two days he would be more than a perfect submissive and find the Master he deserved. 

The decision for Brock came easier as he too chose punishment. He had nothing to lose, he was there strictly for his own self-serving pleasures and could only gain from any type punishment inflicted upon him. 

Wordlessly Master Colin had Brock restrained on a custom made bench that kept him in a doggie-style position with his ass high in the air. He was positioned at the entrance to the main salon and used by anyone who wanted to use him in any way they saw fit. On the right side of the bench a small table was brought in which contained paddles, whips, crops and canes. On the left side was straight back chair. Over the course of the two days he was fucked, spanked, whipped and pissed on. To degrade him either further at the sound of a gong Master Colin placed near the bench, any available submissive was allowed, for a period of twenty minutes, to use Brock as they pleased. A Master was one thing, but a vindictive submissive venting their frustrations was quite another. 

Before the event started Brian was forced to write the word 'SLUT' across Brock's forehead with Brock doing the same down Brian's back with a permanent magic marker. In addition Master Colin carried out all of Brian's spankings in front of Brock, which only served to humiliate Brian and make Brock feel guilty for putting Brian through the obvious torturous pain. 

"When the weekend was over Master Colin told me if I wanted to remain on the circuit I had to remain at the house. He kept me there for two extra days. The things they did to me were unspeakable. I think you know me well enough to know that I'm a tough nut but I didn't think I was going to survive. Master Colin wanted me to safe word, to beg him to stop. But I wouldn't give him that satisfaction. He taunted me, threatened that he was going ban me, even after I did everything he said, but he couldn't..." 

Brock stopped and looked at Sean. "...because of you. He'd always worshipped you from afar...he thought if he presented me to you, knowing how much you loved inflicting pain, that you would give him the acceptance he always sought from you. When they finally took me to the bus depot I was told it was in my best interest to not contact or try to see Brian again. I suspect he had plans for him also." 

"I present myself to men as a submissive only because I enjoy pain and like being under a man's control...but there is also a part of me that won't allow anyone to dictate what I can and can't do. I know that goes against everything a submissive is...but it's just how I am." Brock lowered his head knowing his confession would probably seal his fate. "The moment I got back to Virginia I went to see Brian." Brock looked over to Brian and winked. 

I could almost feel a silent kiss pass between the two of them. I looked up at Sean and wondered if that's how we looked at each other. Sean caught my glance and although he didn't crack a smile I saw it all in his eyes. 

Brian spoke next and told us they decided to have one last time together before they went their separate ways. He admitted that over the two days they were extremely sexual active but at no point did Brock ever touch Brian's ass. He was still a virgin. 

"We talked about staying together, but the drive to serve was too strong for me. As for Brock, well as much as he cared about me he had needs I couldn't satisfy. Neither of us felt we had a choice, we had to return to Master Colin's house for the next event and we could never see each other again." Brian looked over to me. 

"I started the job at your house a few days later and met you." Brian's eyes moved to Richard and back Sean, "Brock went back to Master Colin's house solely to meet you. He wanted more than anything for you to use him...and that he would please you..." 

Silence fell over the room. Sean contemplated the boy's confession while I stared at Sean. I was leaving this entire debacle to him to sort out. After a lengthy silence Sean told the boys to go to their room and wait for us. He gave them no hint what he was thinking. 

"Well?" Sean said looking at me. I merely shrugged not knowing the correct protocol in a situation like this. 

"It's such a fine line." He said explaining that he'd heard of two Masters being a couple, but never two submissives. It all revolved around the sexual aspect of being submissive. When a submissive commits to a Master he hands over all rights to that Master. A Master on the other hand can do as he pleases and have sex with whomever he chooses. 

I just sat starring at Sean. Prior to a week ago I didn't know anything about this world. I just wanted sexual gratification and as I came to find out I enjoyed getting it from men. Now, a week later I was faced with a man I couldn't get enough of and two young men who wanted to pledge their loyalties to us. To say the least I was quite overwhelmed. 

"I understand your need to have a submissive, especially one like Brock...and I guess at this point it's a package deal..." 

"Aye that it is." Sean said moving into my arms. "It really would be the best of all worlds for all of us." 

We both knew our business lives wouldn't allow Sean and me to be together all the time and Navy Seals led a very clandestine life. They never knew from moment to moment when they would be sent away or how long they would be gone. The way Sean saw it, he and I could have our time. When we couldn't be together either Brian or Brock, or both could serve my needs. When Sean was there we could use both boys at will or give them the freedom to be together. The only issue was setting boundaries for the boys. 

I truly didn't care what they did when they weren't within my sights, shallow as I was, but Sean told me that as Masters it was our responsibility to control and set a strict set of rules for them. I ceded all decisions to that end to Sean because at that point in time he was the only person thinking rationally. I was still allowing my cock to guide me and at that very moment it was screaming very loudly to be buried deep in Sean's delectable ass. 

Fifteen minutes later we walked into the guest bedroom. It was quite a sight to see the boys standing naked, cocks at strong attention, hands laced behind their necks and their faces turned to separate corners of the room. I could see from Sean's face he loved seeing the boys like this, especially Brock with his firm, round ass silently calling to him. Sean snapped his fingers and at the same time each boy turned and knelt before us. 

"We have come to a decision." Sean said. The boys looked up, each with yearning in their eyes. 

The verdict was, Sean and I were willing to accept both boys if they would be willing to commit to us. They would make themselves available to both of us at will and would live and travel with us when we desired. As for their relationship, they would be allowed to remain together with certain restrictions. They would have to refrain from any sexual contact when we directed them to and they would never have any anal interactions unless given express permission. When I asked if they agreed to our terms both boys in unison nodded their heads. 

"In that case, tomorrow evening we will have our own commitment ceremony and you will become our property." I said taking my lead from Sean. 

In the bedroom Sean stripped his clothes off and flopped down on the bed. I took my time and stood by the bed looking at him. Sean grabbed my hand and pulled me down on the bed pressing his naked, wanting body into mine. 

"I missed having you to myself." He said. "We'll make this work Richard, somehow I know we will." I didn't even want to think about Brian or Brock. The only thoughts I was having started and ended with Sean. Rolling over on top of him I pressed myself as tightly as I could to his body. 

"I want you" I said running my tongue across his lips. His lips parted as he touched the tip of his tongue to mine. 

"Fuck me" he pleaded grinding against me. 

At that moment I become conscious just how attuned to Sean I'd become. Earlier we were desperate to connect with each other, to make love, now I could tell by the tone of his voice he needed me to take total control and let the dominate me emerge. 

I broke away and flipped him over. Images of taking him out in the forest in Pennsylvania popped into my head. The first time my cock slipped into his ass, how so very right it felt. It was sheer heaven. 

Before he could even get into position I grabbed the bottle of lube and a quick moment later thrusted my cock into his ass. He let out a loud groan and pushed himself harder against me taking the full length of my cock into him. 

"Oh shit, you are heaven on earth...please...fuck me...I need you..." he begged, desperate to feel my force within him. I pulled out and slammed into him again. He kept shouting for me to fuck him and I did. I brought my hand down firmly across his ass cheeks, incited another groveling growl from him. His ass grabbed my cock and pulled me deeper into him as he cried for more. Sweat covered our bodies as I spanked and fucked him over and over again until I came loudly shooting my load deeply into his ass and fell against him. I was shaking uncontrollably. The sheer perfection of Sean flooded my senses. I wanted to shout to the heavens thanking everyone and everything in this world for bringing him into my life. 

"I can promise you that for as long as I'm able I will never get enough of you" I said panting trying to catch my emotionally choked breath. Sean rolled over in my arms and smiled and said he could make me that exact same promise. I ran my hands down his body. Even touching him felt good. In all my life I never cared about pleasing any of my lovers, but I only wanted to bring ultimate pleasures to Sean. His cock was hard and I found myself mesmerized by stroking him. 

"Don't move, I'll be right back" I said pulling away from him. Energized by the idea formulating in my head, I sprinted out of bed and downstairs. The house was dark and the only noises I could hear came from the bathroom where the boys were doing something that had them giggling like schoolboys. I routed through the boxes Sean had brought until I found what I wanted and headed back upstairs. Sean was still in the same position, splayed out on his back a content look on his face. 

"Trust me?" I asked. 

"Explicitly" he answered back without hesitation. 

I walked up to the bed and kissed his lips lightly while I slipped my hand under his neck and lifted his head so I could slip a blind fold over his eyes. "Mmmm...I like" he said. Next I took his right hand and handcuffed him it to the headboard and repeated the same process with his left hand. Sean's cock was happily standing at attention anxiously waiting. 

"You look so fucking hot" I whispered in his ear when I was done, hot enough that even my cock was drooling again. I leaned in until all he could feel was my breath against his face and our lips grazed momentarily. Sean's lips were parted ever so slightly. I ran my tongue along his bottom lip sucking it lightly into my mouth biting down gently. Letting his lip go I grazed my lips over his again kissing him softly and teasingly until I couldn't take it any longer and pressed myself into him kissing with this newly discovered passion I had for this man. 
