 Renny was dead quiet while Richard spoke. They had been at the restaurant for hours but no one had made a move to ask them to leave. Renny figured the obscenely large tip Richard had sitting on the table had something to do with it. Even the flirtatious little flammer that was serving them, that Richard barely acknowledged, kept people at bay and dutifully kept their coffee cups filled. 

"It's late and I'm sure I'm boring you." He finally said glancing at his watch. 

"No Richard, far from bored...more on the lines of totally fascinated." 

"Shall we?" He said standing. Reaching into his pocket he pulled another hundred out of his pocket and dropped it on the table. He had left a two hundred dollar tip on a seventy dollar tab. 

"You're very generous." 

"Everyone needs to make a living." He said shrugging without even bothering to acknowledge the server. As Renny would eventually find out, money meant nothing to Richard. 

They stepped outside, it was a nice evening and Richard started walking in the opposite direction of Renny's brownstone. Renny didn't even protest, he simply followed Richard's lead not sure how the evening was going to end. 

"Will you tell me more please?" Renny asked. This man that he had such pre-conceived notions about had Renny hanging on his every word. 

"If I must" Richard said and gave Renny a quick smile, truth be told Richard liked talking about himself. Taking hold of Renny's elbow he changed direction again heading toward Central Park. 

* 

Richard becomes a Master - 1982 

The next morning I made arrangements to have the day off. Brian made us a hearty breakfast and told me the ins-and-outs of the gathering we were going to be attending. By the time he finished telling me about all the sex that was going to be taking place, the part of my body that was controlling every decision I was making was hard again. Brian had no problem dropping to his knees and taking care of my newly formed additional brain as I sat back in the kitchen chair and savored everything this young man was doing to me. Looking down on his youthful exuberance I couldn't help but feel a pang of jealousy that he could possibly find a Master and I would lose the best cocksucker I had ever had. 

After a nice hot shower which included Brian bathing me from head-to-toe and another fantastic blow job we left for Pennsylvania. I convinced myself I was only going with Brian to garner a better understanding of the things he had described to me. After all a good soldier observes and evaluates before deciding if the option of going to war can actually win out over making peace. For me it was whether I was truly a Master or just a man looking for sexual gratification wherever I could find it. The added bonus or the dangling carrot so to speak, was that Brian told me there were going to be submissives there that weren't virgins and the looming possibility of being able to fuck someone brightened the outlook for the weekend. 

I kept going over and over in my mind the fact that it didn't bother me one bit that not only had I allowed another man to touch me but I was going to a weekend gathering where it would only be men...enjoying the company of other men. The closest explanation I could come up with was that over the past twenty-four hours I had come to realize that the truth of the matter was, basically, the only thing I wanted from another human being was sexual gratification something I had never successfully gotten from a woman. Out of nowhere, this almost twenty year old virgin boy presented himself to me, had sucked me to the point that I didn't have the pent-up frustrations I had always felt with women and for the first time in as long as I can remember my dick was oddly satisfied. 

The weekend festivities were taking place outside of Philadelphia, an easy drive from Washington, at a large country style estate. Brian reviewed the protocol with me regarding our arrival and the fact he would not be allowed to enter the house through the front door which of course was reserved for Masters only. 

Walking up to the front door I realized I wasn't the least bit nervous or anxious about what was to come. I was oddly calm, ready to take everything that came my way in stride. The large, medieval-looking, wooden door swung opened before I could even ring the bell and I was greeted by a buck-naked gentleman who addressed me as Master Richard and introduced himself to me as Master Colin. 

Master Colin serendipitously escorted me to a small neatly organized office off the entryway where I was presented with a stack of releases everyone was required to sign before being able enjoy the benefits of the house. The releases were pretty cut and dry stating clearly that every participant in the house was of legal age and had signed similar documents that any sexual activity taking place was consensual. There was also a two page list of rules of the house that I was required to read and agree to. A lot of the terminology I wasn't familiar with but as I read down the list of do's and don'ts I couldn't help but wonder how anyone could enjoy themselves with all the restrictions they were being forced to adhere to. 

I signed the documents knowing full well that if I didn't like what I saw, or wasn't having a good time I could always leave. Once I put my pen down and pushed the stack of documents back towards Master Colin he didn't miss a beat and started in on the sales pitch about the benefits of buying a yearly membership to the house. I opted to pay the cover for the weekend alone. Instinctively I knew that if down the road I wanted to purchase a full membership Master Colin would be a pushover and apply the outrageous sum I doled out for the first visit. 

Finally, with business taken care of to Master Colin's satisfaction he showed me to my room. The room I was assigned to was modestly furnished with a queen size bed, wooden nightstand, private bathroom and a small closet to hang my street clothes. Because I wasn't a member I was in a wing where rooms could only be used for sleeping. All other activities were relegated to designated areas of the house. The nonstop rules were beginning to turn me off, and the weekend hadn't even begun. It appeared that every step I took there was another rule that had to abided by, this was sounding more military based then I could have ever imagined. 

Master Colin left me to myself and told me to join him downstairs whenever I was ready. I looked around the spartanly furniture room and for the first time debated if I was doing the right thing. To ward off the negative thoughts and feeling I stripped and took a relaxing shower. By the time I emerged everything was back in check again and I had regained my positive attitude. Luckily there wasn't a rule to dictate the code of dress for the house and a half hour later I wandered downstairs sporting a hand-to-cock created hard-on just to let everyone see the precious gift I was graced with. 

Master Colin joined me in the 'main salon', as he called it. Like most people that saw me naked for the first time he was momentarily stunned at not only my body but also by my stately cock. I suspected I read lust in his eyes as they drifted over my body and held for a long time on my cock. I even noticed that his semi flaccid cock rose to the occasion and was soon hard and staring at me also. 

More Masters trickled in during the late afternoon and by seven we sat down to dinner in the formal dining room. I was seated next to a lively, affable Irish gentleman by the name of Sean. He was friendlier than the other Masters, who appeared to have a one track mind of getting through dinner so they could get to what they had come for - the submissives. Sean ignored the superficial oafs, garnering his attentions solely on me by volunteering to answer any questions I might have as the evening progressed. 

After dinner we made our way to the main salon where the submissives were paraded into the room for our inspection. The half dozen submissives that came with their Masters entered first and took their places at their sides. They all wore collars signifying they were taken. They couldn't be touched without the express permission of their Master and in most cases could only be fucked by them. The other submissives walked into the room offering themselves to the Masters. Available submissives were marked according to their status, virgin submissives were denoted with a large red 'V' across their chest and full service submissives had a large green 'S'. 

I saw Brian come into the room, but before he could even make eye contact with me Master Colin had him on his knees sucking his cock. I understood fully the appeal Brian had to other men. Although he was twenty years old he had that boy-next-door look about him and he definitely knew how to suck cock. It was also his inherent passion to serve that drew the Masters to him. 

Sean looked around until he found a submissive to his liking and took him over to one of the sofa's off to one side and without ceremony put him over his knee and started spanking him. The young man of his desire appeared to enjoy the spanking at the onset but when Sean replaced his hand with unyielding wooden ruler the submissive was soon reduced to tears. Through his spread legs I could see Sean cock getting harder and harder with each blow he inflicted. 

Originally I thought my objective for the weekend was to observe, but I was finding my cock had other ideas. No matter where I looked, seeing the debauchery going on made me want to take the first step. Master Colin had told me earlier it was the submissives responsibility to never allow a Master go unattended. While some Masters were having their cocks serviced by a willing mouth, other Masters, like Sean, had their submissives over their knees spanking them. I found I was enjoying watching their asses get redder as they writhed in the Master's lap and knew that was something I wanted to experience. My list of newly found desires appeared to be getting longer and longer. 

My eyes drifted over to a Master that had a little Asian boy standing in front of him while he leaned into him and sucked on his cock. Before he had started he had wrapped his smallish ball sack in leather and had hung weights that dangled between his legs. Each time the boy cried out his need to cum the Master would stop, pinch the head of the boys cock, add another weight and wait until the moment past, then he would start all over again. Instinctively I reached between my legs and tugged on my nut sack in an attempt to comprehend what the Master was attempting to accomplish. I simply shook my head, there was so much I didn't know or understand. 

A noise distracted me and I turned look at Master Colin. Brain was still at his cock, sucking him, while Master Colin had another submissive standing to one side bent over at his waist. Master Colin started with one well lubed finger in the young man's ass working it in and out, stretching him widely. When he was content he was ready he inserted two fingers and repeated his actions, then moved to three. Within a few minutes I watched in amazement as his worked his whole hand deep into the young man's ass. The submissive's cock was hard and dripping as he persistently begged Master Colin for more. Brian never so much as glanced over to what Master Colin was doing, his only job was to serve and he was doing just that, bringing Master Colin to repeated orgasms with his hungry talented mouth. 

My cock was uncomfortably hard and I realized it was ridiculous to continue to fight the urges I was feeling. I walked over to an oversized ottoman that was positioned almost center in the room. A submissive with a big 'S' across his chest approached me asking if he could be of service to me. I turned to him giving him a first glimpse of my fully hard erect cock. In my best military drill sergeant tone I said 'I don't know, what do you think, boy?' His eyes lit up and dropped to his knees and touched his head to my feet pushing his ass high in the air letting me see his round firm ass cheeks. 

He told me his name was Larry and it would be his pleasure to serve me. He rose back up on his knees to take my cock in his mouth but I took a step back away from him and grabbed his right ear jerking his head up so he could see my eyes. 

I can still remember the first words I uttered as I turned the corner to being a Master. 

"First boy, I am not here for your pleasure, you are here for my pleasure...and second do not presume for a moment that you know what I want. Do I make myself clear?" I looked down at him while he silently shook his head. My eyes drifted over to the ottoman. I didn't even have to say a word he instantly move himself to the ottoman positioning himself on his hands and knees pointing his ass to me. 

He didn't appear to be the least bit intimidated by my domineering stance toward him, a fact that energized me even more. I certainly didn't want some pansy-ass boy that was going to be scared of my every touch. I watched him balance himself on the ottoman, knees to the edge, ass high in the air and waited to be taken. His ass was right within my touch, just waving in the wind staring at me, getting ready to be fucked by me. I had always fantasized about having anal sex. The first time I saw a porn video with a guy banging a chick's ass I had wanted to try it. A pussy is warm and wet... and so very vanilla. I wanted to take an ass which was always seemed dark and forbidden. 

One of the younger virgin Asian boys happened to walk by at the very moment Larry was preparing himself. I signaled for him to come over. "I need your cock" I said to him. He dropped to his knees in front of me and gave me a look indicating he didn't understand what I was asking of him. 

I asked him his name. "I am called Tu, kind Sir." He said in a low calm voice, casting his eyes downward. I told him I had a very important job for him but I needed to know first how long has it been since he'd cum. My voice was gentler with Tu. The boy was respectful and obedient and didn't require the same tonality I used with Larry. He told me it had been close to a week. Later I found out that all submissives invited for the weekend refrained from reaching orgasm the week prior to the event, explaining to me why Brian refused to cum the evening before. Masters loved to see blue-balled submissives and especially loved to tease them. 

Excellent I thought and said. Smiling I found myself patting his head. He was going to have a nice large load for me to use. I told him that I needed some lubricant so I could fuck Larry's ass and that I was going to use his cum as my lubricant. The boy's eyes lit up. A sudden silence rippled across the room as one-by-one the Masters stopped what they were doing to watch me. I instructed the young submissive to stroke his cock slowly, not only did I want a nice large load from Tu, but I wanted to build the anticipation, and for Larry to wait on me. If I hadn't wanted to fuck his appetizing ass so badly I would have first thrown him over my knee and spanked the crap out of him for being as insolent as he had been earlier but a need was a need. 

While I waited for my lubricant to be delivered I told Larry to drop to his shoulders and reach around and spread his ass cheeks for me. I took some of my own pre-cum and used it to work the tip of my finger in his ass. His hole was tight and I needed it opened and relaxed. I had every intention of taking his ass in one stroke, a fantasy I never thought I would ever live out. His ass was resistant to my finger but the constant massaging pressure I was applying to his anal ring was finally beginning to relax him. When I felt him start to push back on my finger, silently asking for more, I gave him a quick hard slap on his ass to put him back in his place. Once again the submissive was trying to get pleasure from me when he didn't deserve it. 

Tu was ready. He had been fighting the urge to cum so badly his tiny body was shaking uncontrollably and his cock head was so taut it looked like shiny hard plastic. I motioned for him to come closer to me and whispered in his ear that I wanted him to step right up to Larry's ass and shoot the first blast of his cum at Larry's dime-size asshole, the rest was to be dedicated to my cock, which I instructed him that he was to massage over my cock with his free hand getting me nice and lubed up. The virgin boy turned to me and with pleading eyes finally asked my permission to cum. I nodded my head yes and at the same moment he came I pulled my finger from Larry's ass and watched as Tu hit the boy square on his ass and then turn to me. 

The next few moments played out in slow motion. My cock was coated with what seemed to be unending streams of cum shooting from the Tu's cock. My thick cock was a wonderful picture of glistening magnificence when I pulled it away from his hand and turned to the other submissive. His barely open anal hole was dripping with cum and seemed to be inviting my cock to fuck it. I pushed the head of my cock to his hole, there was a split second of hesitation, but I kept firm pressure and in one long deep stroke I was fully engulfed in the Larry's ass. 

"Oh yeah" I groaned as I grabbed onto him pulling him even closer to me. Never in my wildest dreams could I have ever imagined that burying my cock in someone's ass would feel so glorious good and so woefully right. It came as no surprise that within seconds of feeling Larry's tight wanting ass wrapped around my cock I was shooting my first load but I also knew it wouldn't be the last. I would cum two or three more times before I was done with this submissive. Larry kept his weight on shoulders as he pushed his ass higher to me trying to take more of me into him. His ass was so fucking hot and tight. My cock was still shooting its first load and I seemed to being going deeper into him when I felt his ass tighten hard around my cock. The boy was moaning and grunting while he shook his ass against me. I held the full length of my cock deep in his ass, my balls slapping against his. His ass was so tight and I could still feel it pulsating against my cock when I finally realized he was shooting a load of his own. 

Angrily I grabbed his ass cheeks and pinched them roughly in my oversized hands yelling at him that I didn't give him permission to cum. He tried to apologize and was begging my forgiveness but his words were falling on deaf ears. In the military 'Sorry' doesn't cut it. I might not have known too much about this Mastering thing but I did know this submissive was there to serve me and had taken the liberty garnering his own pleasures without permission. I held a steady pinching pressure on his ass cheeks, knowing and hoping that I was causing him a great deal of pain. 

Tu had remained at my side and I ordered him to find me something to punish the boy with. The boy rushed off to the toy table and grabbed two choices for me, a twelve inch wooden ruler and a riding crop. I chose the riding crop, which had been reworked from the normal length of twenty plus inches down to ten, the perfect length and tool to use while I rode this young stud. I released my vise grip I had on his ass and slapped the crop hard across his right ass cheek leaving an immediate red welt. The boy moaned and clenched his ass tighter around my cock. I told him he was to count it out to ten. He thanked me and begged me to punish him. 

I paused waiting patiently until I felt him start to relax his ass against my cock then gave him the first blow, right in the same spot as the original blow he had received. Again his ass grabbed my cock as he called out and thanked me and begged me to do it again. Almost immediately I brought the crop down on his left untouched ass cheek with such force there was a whipping sound across his ass before it struck. The boy yelled out from the pain, but thanked me and asked for another. 
