 Wally - 2004 

Adam dreaded the phone call he had to make but looking over to the clock he knew he couldn't put it off any longer. Taking a deep breath he picked up the phone and slowly dialled the number. It rang once and Adam prayed for voice-mail, it rang a second time and he debated hanging up, half-way through the third ring a low sexy voice said, "Hello Adam". 

"Hello Charles," he responded. "I wanted to call you to let you know that Wally won't be coming in for the interview today." 

"Oh?" 

Adam closed his eyes and imagined Charles lying on his bed. He probably had a submissive between his legs pleasuring his beautiful cock, the same cock that had so superbly slid in and out of him twenty-four hours earlier. 

"Yes...well...when I told him I had spoken to you regarding a possible position he...well...he wasn't happy that I approached you without speaking to him first. Wally doesn't know how to accept help from people. He thinks everyone has an ulterior motive. I'm really sorry Charles." 

"He is a handful, isn't he?" Charles chuckled. He'd been there once as he remembered the first few days with Michael. 

'Touch yourself' Charles's sexy voice seemed to whisper to him without saying the words. 

"Yeah...he left here in a huff late last night and I haven't seen or heard from him since. I know he'll be back, his few meager possessions are still here." 

'Think of how my cock stretched your ass and brought you so much pleasure yesterday afternoon.' Charles' sexy voice echoed in his head. Adam's imagination slipped back to being tied down on Charles' examination table, his legs splayed wide open in the high stirrups. Charles painstaking took his time deriving pleasure for both them with his teasing and taunting. He used Adam's ass to edge himself, stroking in and out until he was ready to cum, then stopping and holding dead still. When the urge passed he started over again. Adam lay unable to move, for what seemed like hours, loved every second, every stroke, every feeling Charles evoked not only in his ass, but throughout his entire body. 

"I understand difficult, I think we've all been there," Charles called to mind the one and only serious fight he and Michael had the first weekend they spent together. "Listen, Michael left for Washington this morning and I won't be joining him until late tomorrow night. We are going to make a weekend of it...you know the house in the country, wine, long walks, that whole romance thing..." Charles' voice drifted for a moment, "as strange as it sounds I always look forward to the times we can be totally alone...we work too hard and don't take enough time out for ourselves..." Charles sighed as he thought about his precious Michael. 

"However, right now I'm bored as shit, horny as hell and no one is tickling my fancy here...why don't I come over there? We can wait for the boy...or just pick up where we left off yesterday...which I enjoyed immensely...but I then again I always have a great time when I'm using your ass..." 

'Don't cum yet...wait for me...' He could almost hear Charles moan. "I want to suck that cum from your cock then fuck you into tomorrow." 

"I would enjoy that Charles." 

"Don't cum until I get there, I'm hungry for a big load of cum. I want you to be nice and hard and ready for me." Charles chuckled again, he knew men like Adam all too well. 

Charles brought pizza and two bottles of his favorite red wine when he arrived two hours later. It was just after six in the evening and Wally still hadn't returned. Adam put on his best face but Charles could see that he was upset. 

"I'm really not very adept in situations like this...I've never been good when it comes to people ..." He was nervous that he had unintentionally hurt Wally. "I just wanted to help him. He's had such a rough time of it." He said as he slowly sipped on the wine. It was the best he had ever tasted but knew he needed to pace himself. He wasn't one that handled alcohol well and wanted to be at his best for whatever Charles had planned for later. 

"I went through the exact same thing with Michael. I fully understand what both of you are feeling. Michael was nineteen years old when we met. He had no family. The only thing he was clinging to was the scholarship that kept him in school." Charles would never forget the first time he laid eyes on Michael. He was sitting at the bar at Sammie's, a men's bar that Charles owned, drinking a soda and studying his schoolwork - probably a first for that bar. He was a head-to-toe mess, from his bad haircut, cheap jeans and one of those roommate hand-me-down shirts that should have been thrown in the trash ages ago. Even in his state of disarray Charles knew this man was his destiny. 

"Then I came along with all my fucking money and all I wanted to do was spoil the living crap out of him. I wanted to give him everything he hadn't had in his life. I thought I was showing him the finer side of life. I pushed him and pushed him and pushed him until he literally ran away. It took close to six weeks for both of us to come to our senses." Charles would never forget that cold December night sitting for hours in the parking lot outside of Michael's dorm trying to muster up the courage to take the first step by calling him. 

"When I drove into that parking lot I knew I would never leave there until I could talk to him again. I learned a valuable lesson that weekend that has carried us throughout these past twenty years, I can't control everything and that we always have to communicate. Do you know that since that day we've never had a serious argument? I'm truly the luckiest man in the world." 

A noise downstairs distracted them and Adam jumped up apprehensively knowing it was Wally. Moments later Charles heard low grumbling voices before both Wally and Adam appeared. Wally, dressed in baggy well-worn, dirty looking jeans, a ripped oversized flannel shirt and a faded NY Yankees baseball cap pulled down low obscuring his face was the farthest thing from the pictures of the Adonis-like creature Charles had seen a day earlier. Wally stood detached off to one side. He looked everywhere but at the two men sitting at the table and barely acknowledged Charles other than a brief nod of his head. 

"If you'll excuse me please, I'll be back in a few minutes." He mumbled. Turning he left Charles and Adam sitting staring at his back side as he walked away from them. 

"Trust me I thought the same thing you are thinking the first time I saw him. What he lacks in social graces and bad first impressions he makes up in his unique beauty and brains. Underneath that mess is an intelligent boy and I'm sure his education hasn't even put a dent in his full potential." 

"I'm totally stupefied." Charles' mind worked a mile a minute trying to rationalize what he had just seen, "there is no way I could ever have him working at the brownstone looking like that - no matter how good he is. I know you mentioned he likes to blend in...the only problem is looking like that he can only blend in at a soup kitchen." 

"I know Charles. Maybe between the two of us we can get through to him." 

Wally stood in the shower letting the hot water pound down on him. Of everything he missed over the past twenty-four hours it was the sanctity of this bathroom. The room with all its warmth was pure nirvana for him. The hot shower clouded the room with a warm steamy mist and had succeeded in relaxing his anger somewhat. He had apologized to Adam for leaving like he did, but refused to apologize for how he felt about Adam overstepping his boundaries to get him a job without talking to him first. 

'Damn Adam for going behind my back.' He thought as he raised his head and let the water run over his face. 

He was shocked when he returned to Adam's place and saw Charles sitting there. Instead of being happy to be back, it only served to revive his anger once again. All of his life he had done everything for himself. He had successfully gotten himself through school without anyone's help and wanted to be able to find a job on his own also. He never wanted to feel obligated to anyone for anything. 

The only problem to this whole mess was that working for someone like Charles Spencer was a dream come true. Wally had spent his night away secreted in the library reading up on him and Cecil & Company. Everything he read led him to the same conclusion. The billionaire businessman exuded confidence and a passion for everything he did, making Wally wonder why someone like Charles Spencer would even consider someone like him. What could he do for his multi-billion dollar company that Charles didn't already have in place? 

His mind drifted to Charles. When he met Adam two weeks ago something in him was sparked, waking up a sexual need within him he had never known before. Only he wasn't sure it was Adam he was attracted to. He appreciated that Adam was an intelligent, good looking man who had a heart of pure gold. He valued the kindness Adam extended him. It had given Wally back the ability to trust again. There was even an appeal to him, albeit slight. In essence Wally felt more comforted by Adam's friendship than anything else. 

It was Charles, however, that turned that spark into a full blown fire within him. The instant he laid eyes on Charles Spencer...oh holy fuck...he was the epitome of what wet dreams were made of. In pictures he was a good looking dynamic man but in real life he was a tall, masculine and gorgeous man dripping with sex appeal. Never in his life had anyone made Wally's cock hard and wanting like Charles did after just one sideways glance at him. 

Closing his eyes Wally created an image of a naked Charles standing next to him in the shower. Wally let his fingers drift over Charles' nipple, from one to the other, eliciting a low groveling moan from him. Goaded on by Charles' moans he pinched them lightly knowing that soon he would be sucking and biting on them, tugging each nipple as he ran his tongue across them. When he was satisfied he had teased his nipples enough he moved to the prize between his legs. Kneeling down, he looked up and locked his eyes to Charles' as he licked his tongue over his long, thick cock. Wally could feel Charles's desire for him because it was the same craving Wally had for him. 

Thirty minutes later Wally emerged from his bedroom dressed in the black sweat pants Adam had given him the first night and a tight fitting white T-shirt that revealed his well-defined physique. He had shaved and his freshly washed long hair was pulled back in a ponytail allowing Charles to finally see exactly what Adam had so eloquently said about him. 

Charles and Adam were still sitting at the table their chairs pushed closely to each others. Adam's hand was in his lap, or perhaps Charles' lap Wally just couldn't be sure. Wherever his hand was Wally could see there was some type of attraction between the two men. 

"May I?" he asked politely, not wanting to interrupt them. 

"Please do." Charles said. It didn't matter that Charles was a guest in Adam's home. Wherever he was Charles became the master of that domain. He pushed the box of cold pizza towards Wally and offered him a glass of wine. Wally accepted the pizza but he turned down the wine taking a bottle of water instead. 

"I was hoping we could talk." Charles said. 

"If it's about a job..." he paused to take a large bite of the pizza and looked over at Adam. "I told Adam I was sorry for arguing with him and walking out the way I did. It still doesn't change the fact that what he did was wrong." 

"You are absolutely right Wally. He should have consulted with you before he approached me." Charles let his eloquent tone linger before speaking again. "Now that we have acknowledged and admitted the error of his ways, it's over. Going forward anything to do with you will be discussed prior to any decisions being made or any actions taken. Is that acceptable to you?" His voice wasn't patronizing, it spoke to Wally with honesty and experience. Wally nodded his agreement as he stared deeply into Charles' eyes. 

'Oh yeah I could happily be lying beneath you.' Wally thought. At the very least he could spend the rest of the evening just staring and getting lost with Charles in his private thoughts. 

"If I may, I would like to ask you a question. Would you be interested in speaking with me about a possible job? I have a need that needs to be filled...and from everything I've heard, you are more than qualified to fill it." Charles couldn't help but smile at his blatant sexual innuendo, which both Adam and Wally quickly picked up on also. The levity of his play on words broke the serious tone that had loomed over them since Wally's reappearance. 

"Sure" Wally said giving him what he hoped was a sexy smile. He cursed his inexperience. 

Leaning back in his chair, more relaxed now Charles asked, "How much has Adam told you about our merry group of men?" 

"Not much...just that there is a group of men that only have sex amongst themselves." Wally wondered where this conversation was going. He thought Charles wanted to speak with him about a job at Cecil & Co. 

"That is true. But it is a lot more than that also. If it's okay I'd like to tell you about the brownstone ..." 

For the next hour Charles recanted stories of the origins of the brownstone, the type of membership and the issues that today's world with its technological advances and lack of privacy the membership faced. It was a two-fold problem. One was to protect the members at all costs, and two, to protect everyone while under the roof. In their newly litigious world Charles knew that whatever went on within the walls of the brownstone needed to be monitored more closely. 

"So what do you think?" Charles asked. He drank the small amount of wine left in his glass but instead of putting the glass down when he was done, he held it to his lips and licked his tongue over the edge of the glass while staring at Wally. 

Adam experienced a momentary spark of resentment seeing the obvious sparks flying between Charles and Wally until he realized that Charles was Charles and would never change. He knew that even Charles' attraction to Wally wouldn't take anything away from the sex they shared. Charles had an uncanny ability to be in love with one man, heart and soul, and satisfy any other man he touched. The main thing that Adam liked most about Charles was that he could make passionate love or simply fuck them silly without letting emotions muddy the waters. Sex was sex with him and meant to be enjoyed to the max - just the way Adam liked his sex. 

Adam also knew that Wally had chosen well who his first lover would be. 

"I think I would be very interested in discussing the position more in depth with you." Wally threw his own sexual innuendo back to Charles with a smile that matched the one Charles had given him earlier. His cock was so fucking hard, and a part of him wished that Charles could see the tented mass in his sweatpants. Charles looked first to Wally then Adam realizing that everything Adam had told him was correct, the boy was a sponge soaking up whatever knowledge presented to him. 

"You have never been with anyone before Wally?" Charles asked. He was taking a total directional change in the conversation. As much as he was enjoying the boy's overt attempts at seducing him, his cock was hard and demanded relief. 

Wally glanced over at Adam narrowing his eyes before shaking his head. "I'm guessing Adam has already answered that question." 

Charles nodded. "He's has...and again I apologize that we spoke about you behind your back. He even showed me some the photography he took of you...and I must say I was quite impressed. Very impressed as a matter of fact. As I've already told you the men at the brownstone are very cautious when it concerns sex. In the history of the brownstone we have never had any type of sexually transmitted disease issues and we plan on keeping it that way. That being said, we have a procedure that every person that wants to be a part of the brownstone must go through. It is called being vetted". Charles gave him a quick overview of the process saving the complete diatribe for another time. Basically it boiled down HIV testing on a regular basis and a six-month waiting period before any type of sex could take place. 

"And you felt this was important to let me know because?" Wally asked. Charles could almost imagine Wally's chest puffing out as his dormant A-type personality emerged. 

"Adam expressed to me that you might want to explore your sexuality. His concern for you is quite evident because he wants you to be able to do it in a safe and clean way. He cares about you Wally. He has no hidden agenda other than wanting you to be protected. Me, on the other hand...my ulterior motives are quite evident...I would love to lose myself in you, but more than that I would like to be your guide to show you the finer points of how a man pleases another man. Unfortunately as much as I would love to throw you on this table and have you for desert we can't because you aren't vetted." 

"Charles, if the pot of gold at the end of six months is having you, than I am more than willing to do what I need to do and wait the six months." Wally learned quickly he could be just as barefaced as Charles had been. 

"That pleases me to no end Wally..." He looked over to Adam letting him know it was time for them to go to his bedroom. 

"There are going to be many thing you will learn about the men that belong to the brownstone, the first is that most of us are sexually insatiable. Coming in a close second is we aren't shy about our desire to fuck. That's pretty much why the brownstone was established, so that men could enjoy other men whenever and however they want. That being said, my partner Michael is out of town for the night and I need to have my itch scratched, so to speak, before I call it a night. Not wanting to be rude, Adam and I are going to slip away for a little while to fulfill that need." 

"Please do..." Wally looked at a smiling Adam. He didn't feel the slightest bit of jealousy that Adam was going to enjoy Charles' attentions. He knew he had to bide his time plus he had already figured out that Charles' only reason for his visit wasn't just to speak with him. 

"You are more than welcome to join us and watch, we do love loving having an audience no matter what the size. But please understand the neither of us will touch you." Charles grabbed Adam's hand and pulled him to a standing position letting both he and Wally see the unashamed evidence of his arousal. "I can't wait to be in you." He whispered to Adam nuzzling his head into his neck biting him gently while he grabbed Adam's crotch letting Wally see just how excited Adam was. 

"Come on." He said motioning for Wally to join them in the bedroom. 

In the bedroom Charles stood by Adam's reading chair and removed and folded his clothing. Too many years under Cecil's rule had taught him to care for his clothing above all else. Adam followed suit only undressed by his closet letting his clothes go to the wayside in the massive walk-in. Wally stood in the doorway appreciating the two naked men. 

"I think it's only fair if we are undressed that you be too. You might not be able to participate but you can pleasure yourself while you watch us." Charles was salivating at the thought of seeing Wally naked. 

"Sure...whatever..." he said slipping out of sweats and T-shirt. In less than thirty seconds he was naked letting Charles see his finely chiseled body. 

It took all of Charles strength not to reach out and touch Wally but he know the moment he laid a finger on him he wouldn't be able to stop. 
