 (Authors Note: This is the 13th installment in the Brownstone series. In reading order they are: Michael Ch01,02 Charles Ch01,02,03 Michael Ch03,04,05. Scott Ch01,02,03,04) 

*

A week later my phone rang at an abnormally early hour, but knowing Bud never kept to the same schedule I answered it without bothering to check the caller id. On the other end was a man shouting my name.

"Scott....Scott..." He yelled with a thick accent. "Dis is a Renaldo." He yelled.

"Hello Renaldo" I couldn't help but laugh at hearing his voice. In that moment I realized how much I missed this crazy man.

"You come to a shop today at a, 4 o'clock a"

"I do?" I asked, shaking my head that I was speaking like him suddenly.

"You a be d-here" and with that he hung the phone up.

I couldn't imagine why Renaldo wanted to see me. Of course my mind went directly to Michael, but Michael had promised both Bud and me that he would keep his distance for as long as I needed. I knew Michael was in New York, which only served to make me more anxious, he and Bud were at Michael's office reviewing the interim reports I had compiled. Michael had flown in early and was schedule to fly out when the meeting was over either late in the afternoon or early evening. 

Walking up to Renaldo's was bittersweet. I felt so close to Michael when we were here and it was also here that I was finally able to shed my inhibitions and accept everything that was happening to me. 

Renny ran into my arms when I walked into the shop kissing me on both cheeks. He guided me to the chair and began playing with my hair. "Mr. Michael was a here dis a morning." He told me, but stopped before saying any more.

"Renny?"

"He told me that you two are still having problems." My eyes opened wide, Renny was speaking perfect English, even with a twinge of a Brooklyn accent. I looked at him questioningly. He just shrugged and gave me a winked smile. "The accent is just part of the act. It makes people laugh. It started as a joke, and for some reason it makes people happy when I talk like that."

I couldn't help but burst out laughing, it just seemed that no matter which way I turned in life nothing was what it appeared to be. 

"This is serious Scott, you have to fix this." He released his fingers that had been massaging my scalp so expertly and started pacing around the room.

"Did Michael put you have to this?"

"Oh lordy no! He doesn't even know that I took your number from his phone. He came in here at 7 this morning for a haircut. I'm really worried about him Scott. He doesn't look well, he's so tired, he's lost weight... and I could see the strain in his face. Tears welled up in his eyes when he talked about you. He misses you so very much." 

"I know Renny, and I miss him too."

"There's something I need to tell you. The only problem is that in my mind it was so much clearer and it seemed easier for me to say to you...but now that you are here I have to ask myself if my sticking my nose into your business is the correct thing to do. But I'm a budinski. I always have to fix things." He stopped pacing and asked me to sit with him in the little lounging area. Before he sat he poured us both a glass of wine. 

"So I will ask you. Do you want me to tell you what I know?"

I contemplated Renny's words and finally turned to him. "Renny it's been over eighteen days since I've seen Michael. I have gone through every emotion at least a dozen times. One second I want him so badly I find myself shaking with fear that I'll never see him again. But the next moment I think about what he did to me, how he violated my rights on such a personal level and it makes me so fucking angry. Its like how can I ever trust him again -- and you and I both know that you can't have a relationship with trust." I stopped for a minute to gather my random thoughts together.

"I called Michael the other night. I had to hear his voice. We were on the phone for over an hour. There were times that it felt so comfortable talking with him, like nothing had happened, but in the end he asked me to forgive him and it all came to a screeching halt...I couldn't do it...I can't find that little place in my heart to say 'I do forgive you Michael'. Now here you are, wanting to help us and all I can think is, yes, I should listen to you. Maybe you can shed a different light on this whole mess. Maybe you can help me say those words."

"Oh Scott, I do want to help you...and I want to help Michael too. The two of you belong together." He hugged me to him and held me there for a long moment. "Before I tell you what I know there are a couple of things I want to say.

"Let me start by saying I'm a well adjusted gay man that has been gay since the day I was born. I was always the happy one, the gay one!" His voice arched a couple octaves higher to demonstrate his point. "I graduated college with a degree in sociology, but back forty years ago it was difficult for an openly flaming gay man like myself to get straight vanilla jobs. So I figured if I was going to be wearing the label then I will do something that exemplified it and excel at it, so I went to beauty school to become the best fucking gay hairdresser there ever was. I was going to put the Vidal Sassoons of the world to shame. That of course lasted about five minutes.

"Then I met Mr. Charles and he offered me the job to be the exclusive hairdresser for the brownstone. He gave me the seed money to open this shop. Not only do I have the pleasure of taking care of the members, who pay handsomely for my services but I get to go to the brownstone two or three times a week and service the people that live there as well. It's such a great life. I get to be around all these gorgeous men, who don't wear clothes and because I don't charge for my services when I go to the brownstone I am paid in gratuitous sex with the submissives of my choosing. Its absolute paradise over there, what more could I ask!" He said taking a moment to laugh lightly before getting serious again.

"So these men trust me, hell I guess they better, I am solely responsible for how they appear before their Masters. We love to trade stories, I talk about things that are happening in the outside world and they just LOVE to chitchat about everything that happens inside. There's nothing better in life than listening to those prissy little submissives gossiping -- they are all sooooo catty! I pretty much know most everything about everyone there. I know which submissives are the bitchiest and which ones everyone is jealous over. I know who's fucking who and who crosses the lines.

"So lately the only thing people are talking about is Michael and something that happened at the Weekend in the Wild. Then the other day one of the Trainers comes in and tells me a story, which I shall now repeat to you.

This story starts with a Master...who I will take the liberty of calling...let's say... Richard. One day one of the employees, a Trainer, at the brownstone comes in to get a Renaldo special, a complete body treatment, we can call him...um...I don't know let's just call him...John. Anyway John comes into the shop. I've known John many years, pretty much since he came to the brownstone as a submissive. He's been going through a very bad time lately because he's confused about these feelings he has for another man..."

 *************

John took one last look in the mirror before he slipped his shirt on. He had plenty of time, his appointment with Renny wasn't for another forty-five minutes and the shop was a quick five minute walk from the brownstone.

He had scheduled his time with Renny at the end of the day. Everything about the next few hours he had carefully planned and worked out over and over in his head. It was the last chance he had to get Richard back. Everything had to be executed perfectly or Richard would be lost to him forever.

John had fallen in love with Richard the first time he saw him. It had been almost ten years when Richard walked into the bakery he was working at. He wanted Richard then, just like he wanted him now and like it was when they first met he was willing to do anything to be with him ...anything at all.

Renny finished his last appointment of the day at three in the afternoon. He was excited about John's visit. He liked whenever the Trainers came over to the shop. They were always so horny for anal action -- something they rarely got at the brownstone and he was more than willing to give to them ...or receive from them, it didn't matter. He loved being fucked just as much as fucking. Today he knew he was going to be fucked so he took extra special care to make sure everything was perfect and he was properly cleaned. John liked to fuck, and Renny didn't mind at all -- he had that perfect cock that slipped so nicely in his ass with the added bonus that he could cum over and over again. 

Trainers were able to leave the brownstone on a limited basis. They could run the occasional errand, escort a submissive when needed and even take in a movie every now and then. John however wasn't very adventurous. He always limited his outside activities to trips to Richards' penthouse and the monthly visits he made to Renaldo's. He didn't need anything else in his life. At the penthouse was Richard and when he was there he was the happiest. At Renaldo's he was pampered by Renny, and the sex wasn't too bad either. The man had a great ass and never tired of having it fucked. There was nothing else he needed. He didn't mind that his life was simple, as long as Richard was always in it, that's all really cared about.

John had learned after being with Richard for so many years how to 'play the game' no matter what the game was. At the brownstone the game was to make as many allies as you could. Renny was one of the high ranking allies and by having him in your corner you couldn't fail. It was important to keep Renny as his major ally even though as a he wasn't really his type. John didn't like the flaming-in-your-face gay type. He was more reserved and didn't feel that every person on earth had to know that he liked to fuck men. But he didn't mind fucking, or sucking, him to stay on his good side. Just like he planned on doing today. He needed Renny to put his plan in action and knew just how he was going to do it.

John made one stop, at the neighborhood grocery to get a thick wedge of Camembert cheese, a freshly baked loaf of Italian bread and two bottles of Renny's favorite and expensive red wine- guaranteed to get the little flamer on his side. 

Even with the stop he was ten minutes early, just as he planned because he knew that Renny would be in the shower, preparing himself for John's arrival. He slipped into the shop, and sure enough he could hear Renaldo lovely voice resonating a happy song from the back room. John left the groceries on the coffee table, locked the door to the salon and stripped his clothes off as he made his way to the back. 

Renny wasn't shocked when John stepped into the shower with him -- he knew that John wanted something from him and was willing to let himself enjoy a good fuck before finding out what it was.

He wasn't stupid after all.

"I've missed you..." John whispered joining him in the shower. He hugged him, his chest to Renny's back. He wouldn't kiss him -- he'd only ever kissed Richard and would only ever kiss him. "I wish my hair grew faster so I could come here more often."

Renny didn't bother with his fake Italian accent with John. He knew his secret was safe. "Oh me too John." Renny said to placate him. He could play the game also, probably better than John thought he could.

Without even waiting John slipped his already hard cock into Renny. At that moment it didn't matter that Renny wasn't his type, his ass felt great and he fucked him with a wild abandonment he had come to enjoy with Renny. Renny might have been a bottom, but he knew how to master his ass. He could milk John's cock like no one ever had before. His first orgasm came quickly, it had been days since he had cum, but he remained hard and after they left the shower he laid on the bed in the back room and let Renny get on top and sink down on him and ride him to another orgasm.

"Shall I suck you off now?" John asked when Renny had gotten out of bed.

"No...I'll wait until you are ready to go again, I want us to cum together, a little sixty-nine action. It's been too long since I've sucked your cock."

"I will look forward to that."

'I'm sure you will." Renny said walking out of the room. As much as he enjoyed the sex with John he always felt cold about it. John showed no emotion whatsoever when they fucked. It was his job. He fucked to get what he wanted. He didn't talk dirty, he didn't moan or groan. He just fucked until he came and sucked until Renny shot his load in his mouth.

John took his seat in the barber's chair while Renaldo got everything ready. They hadn't spoken since they left the back room. Renny followed the same process with everyone that sat in his chair...he cut the hair on their head, gave them a true barber's shave and a full facial then moved onto their chests, groins and asses. 

He was working on John's hair when John went into part one of his plan. He was watching Renny cutting his in the mirror and as if on cue let a big tear fall...then another...Renny looked up and saw the tears.

"What is it John?" He said with just the correct amount of concern to make it sound like he cared. He stopped what he was doing and knelt by the side of the chair taking John's hand in his.

"It's Richard..." He turned the few tears into a sob...allowing a long pause to lapse before he spoke again, "he called me over to the penthouse the other day and told me it was over...I don't know what I'm going to do without him..."

Renny's curiosity was peaked. For some reason John wanted him to know what had transpired between them, so he was willing to continue playing along.

"Come...come sit over here and tell me what happened." Renny said pulling him from the chair into the little lounge area. He poured them both a glass of wine and held him in his arms while John carried on his little crying charade.

John's crying was mostly for show, but half way through his mini tantrum real emotions over Richard surfaced and he found his tears were suddenly genuine, he was scared of loosing Richard and if this didn't work it was really going to happen. He clung to Renny in an attempt to connect with him on some level that he would believe everything that he was about to tell him.

"Better?" Renny asked after a decent amount of time had passed.

"Yes...I'm sorry..." John said brushing the remaining tears from his face.

"So what's this all about?"

"I...I...don't know where to begin...everything has happened so quickly."

"Try from the beginning."

So John did just that.

"Well you know that there have been some issues between Michael and Scott?" He spoke in an innocent voice, not too gossipy -- more along the lines of 'oh my, isn't it a shame'

.

"Yes, I heard the rumors." Renny wasn't ever comfortable talking about Michael. His relationship with Michael far surpassed any other relationship he ever had in his life.

"Well a week ago I got a phone call from Richard that he wanted me to come to a dinner outside of the brownstone. He didn't give me too many details, all I knew was that Bud Fisher was having a dinner party for someone that was curious about the D/s lifestyle and had invited Richard. Richard invited me and of course he brought Kei."

"I was somewhat shocked when I got there to find out that the person we were meeting with was Scott Phillips." John waited to see if Renny wanted to ask any questions and when he didn't he continued on.

"From the minute we walked in the door I could see Richard's attraction to Scott. He didn't even try and hide it. He was constantly leaning into him and whispering in his ear. The only thing is I don't think Scott appreciated the attention that Richard was paying him. Most of the time he would turn beet red and direct his attention elsewhere, other times he would look at Richard with one of those 'In-Your-Dreams' looks.

"Richard was in his typical full Master mode. He was really playing it up, making a point of having Kei and I appear to be the ever faithful subservient ones. After dinner we sat in the living room and he decided that everyone needed to be naked. I didn't understand why at first, but as soon as Scott took off his clothes I knew exactly why and one look at Richard I knew that I had lost him. He was actually stunned into silence when he laid eyes on Scott's naked body. I had my eyes on Richard and he actually shot a short load when Scott dropped his pants and pulled his cock out. He tried to hide it, but I saw it." He was lying, but it was good enough to get Renny hanging on his every word.

"Richard told Scott that no matter what went on that evening he wouldn't touch him -- because he was Michael's property. Scott tried to explain to him that he was no one's property, but because Scott doesn't understand how things work at the brownstone he couldn't grasp onto the concept. Richard held true to his word and didn't touch Scott once all evening. In fact he did the exact opposite. He set up several sexual scenarios that are common place in D/s -- the enema, prostate milking, Estim...Everyone, except for Scott, had orgasms. I actually felt badly for Scott, he was in definite pain from not having any relief. 

"At the end of the evening Richard had Kei and I walk Bud to his limo and wait for him downstairs. A few minutes later he came down all smiles and happier than I have ever seen him. Kei was waiting for him on the floor of our limo, ready to suck him. Richard always loves a good blow job when he's in the limo but he pushed Kei away. When we got to the brownstone he sent Kei in with me and told me that I was to look after him for a few days, he needed some time alone."

"Kei is at the brownstone?" Renny asked. He had been their yesterday and hadn't seen him.

"Yes...he's with me in my room. Richard called Eric and told him he would pay for him to stay there but he's not to be used."

Renny got up and grabbed the bottle of wine and refilled their glasses. 

"Two nights ago Richard called me to the Penthouse. He told me it was over. He's never said that to me before." Tears, real tears surfaced again. "I can't lose him Renny, he's the only man I'll ever love...and I know deep down inside he loves me too..."

Once again Renny held John, only this time he knew he was crying for real. He felt sorry for John, because he knew Richard and knew that Richard would never settle on John. John was a good fuck and right now good eye candy. But with time his looks would go and he wouldn't be able to use his cock as effectively as he could now and that would be it for him.

"There's more." John mumbled a few minutes later. He sniffed back his tears and looked at Renny, this was the speech he had gone over and over again in his head, he needed to dig deep and tell the rest of the story in such a way that it appeared he was bearing his soul, not asking for help.

"I'm here for you John." Renny said meaning the words...sort of. 

"Richard told me some things. I know most of what he told me was him boasting, you know his ego, he has to let everyone know just how good he is, but I think he was also trying to make me hate him, so he wouldn't feel so guilty about ending things.

"He wants Scott."

"Yeah, well I think you made that clear to me." Renny said. He wasn't going to let out any information he might know.

"No I mean he has every intention of getting Scott. When Richard first laid eyes on me he wanted me and made sure he got me. He ALWAYS gets what he wants Renny. He told me why Scott and Michael aren't together and how he's going to use that his advantage." 
