 Author's Note: This is the second instalment of 'The Bully' series. Reading the first chapter beforehand is recommended.

*****

A month after the incident in the Richmond Rugby Club locker room, Cory Taylor still couldn't get the bully George Johnson out of his mind. With only two more months left till he graduated, Cory was eager to make the most of it. He dragged himself out of bed with the sound of his alarm and trudged towards the shower. He admired his body first in the mirror. He had gained more muscle definition in the last few weeks and had put on another ten pounds. He hoped men would start to take notice of his growing body. He stepped into the shower and turned the water on. Cory closed his eyes and fantasized about his encounter with George Johnson. 

His muscular body, his thick arms, his sculpted legs. The sweet taste of his hole. The girth of his massive cock. Cory couldn't stop thinking about what had happened between them. The pair had not spoken since that evening. 

Cory had decided it was for the best that he stopped working at the club and told his dad he needed to use the time to study. The truth was, Cory just couldn't face going back there again. He was embarrassed at how he had acted. He had let George completely control him - he had humiliated himself. The boy was afraid that if he stuck around Richmond he might end up doing the same thing again. He cringed with embarrassment whenever he thought of himself on all fours, alone in the locker room, screaming into the evening for George to come back and fuck him. 

It was tough to forget about George completely, especially since he saw him all the time in school. He was trying, however. He really had been spending a lot more time focusing on his school work for a change - and he had invested more time with his friends to keep himself busy and prevent his mind from wondering to places where it shouldn't.

As he ran his soapy hands through his maple brown hair, he considered whether George had spent any time thinking about him. No, definitely not, he thought. Why would a stud like that give someone like me a second thought? He could have anyone he wanted - and practically had. Pretty much all the half descent looking girls in school had been with George before. Some had even been lucky enough to have the status of his girlfriend for a while. Although they never lasted long. 

Cory stepped out of the shower, dried himself and began to get dressed. By the time he got to school, class had already started. He rushed into English class and took a seat at the back of the room. 

"Nice of you to join us Cory, fifteen minutes late," his teacher said.

"Sorry Ms. Watson," Cory replied. Looks like I spent more time in the shower than I realised, he thought. 

The day dragged on as normal until the class before lunch time. Cory's phone vibrated. He slouched down and brought it out of his pocket. He had a new Facebook message. It was delivered to his Other inbox, meaning it had been sent by someone he wasn't friends with. Cory clicked into the message felt his stomach drop. It was from George.

-Hey faggot. I've noticed you haven't been hanging around the changing rooms after practice lately. I asked your dad about it and he said you don't have the time cause you're too busy studying. Like fuck I believe that. I know you left cause of me and because of how you so eagerly humiliated yourself in front of me like that. The truth is, I'm disappointed. I thought maybe you had the guts to stick around and face me again but then I remembered what a wimpy little bitch I'm dealing with here. I'm going to give you one more chance to prove yourself to me, boy. At lunch, go into the girls bathroom, take your clothes off and send me a picture of you sitting on the girls toilet with your legs in the air. Make sure the camera can see your hole. Don't you fuckin' dare go into the boy's bathroom instead - that's for real men to use. I'll expect the picture within ten minutes of the bell ringing. If I don't get it - I wont be happy.

Cory read the message three times, back and forth, taking every word in. His heart was racing. What would George do to him if he didn't obey the order? And why was he contacting him now, a month later when they hadn't spoken to each other at all since. And what did he want a picture for? Granted, he had never seen Cory naked, but Cory didn't think he had wanted to. Their encounter was all about pleasing George. 

He thought once more about how embarrassed he had felt the last few weeks. He had never expected himself to act so submissive around the stud, no matter how intimidating he may be - but it was instinctive. He felt he had to do it.

Putting his phone back into his pocket, Cory decided that none of these thoughts were important. Putting his pride aside, he reasoned that the only thing that mattered was doing whatever George Johnson told him to do. 

With the first ring of the bell, Cory waited around for a few minutes for his classmates to make their way outside for lunch. His heart was racing as he made his way towards the girl's bathroom. He was about to push the door open when three girls filed outside into the hallway. Cory darted down to a locker against the wall and pretending to be searching for something as the girls passed him by. 

Taking a deep breath, the eager boy crept into the girl's bathroom and locked himself into one of the stalls. He quickly pulled his pants down. As he sat on the toilet and kicked his legs in the air, he felt blood rushing to his face. He was mortified. He was naked in the girl's toilets with his legs in the air and all because some scary bully had told him that's what he had to do. Cory knew the only reason he had made him go to the girl's room was to emasculate him even further. 

He took the picture of his hole like the rugby stud had asked. Cory quickly sent it to the bully and immediately received a response. 

-Be at my house tonight for 8pm. My parents are out of town.

When school ended, Cory rushed home. He wondered into the kitchen and grabbed a banana from the fruit bowl. After climbing the stairs to his room, Cory lay on his bed and began sucking on the banana. George had told him he needed to get better cock sucking skills so every day for the last month he would spend at least thirty minutes practicing on a banana and picturing George's magnificent cock in its place. 

He grew hard thinking about what the evening had in store for him. He had quit the rugby club so he wouldn't be tempted to humiliate himself in front of George again but this was different. George had directly contacted him and given him an order. Cory just couldn't bring himself to refuse. He had to do what the muscle bound stud told him to do. It was a compulsion he couldn't control no matter how ashamed he may have been of it.

Imagine if his parents knew - what if his father found out? Could George tell him? No, surely he wouldn't. 

At 8pm, Cory walked up the footbath to the front door of George Johnson's house. It was a magnificent house. A red-bricked two story with a fountain in the garden. As he walked up to the front door, the nervous teen saw a note taped to the handle waiting for him. 

Don't knock, let yourself in - it read.

He grabbed the note and clumped it into his pocket. Opening the door, Cory took a deep breath and stepped inside. The interior of the Johnson family home was just as impressive as the exterior. Mahogany wood lined the floor leading up to the grand staircase. The walls were a deep maroon and several photos of the family hung from them. 

Cory admired a photograph of George with his mother and father. His mother was petite and blonde with a delicate face. George's father was like a more mature version of his son. Similar bone structure with an almost identical build except for a little more excess weight and a generous amount of dark stubble.

"Take your clothes off," a voice commanded. It was deep and authoritative. George.

Cory's eyes darted around. He couldn't see anyone. He noticed a door beyond the staircase was ajar and there was light coming from inside. Doing as he was told, Cory unbuttoned his jacket and took his school jumper off. He was about to hang them on the coat rack when the man in charge spoke again.

"On the floor," he said.

Cory hurried his pace and pulled his shoes off, followed by his trousers. His pulse was quickening and he could feel the hairs on his neck standing up. He had no idea what he was in for. When he was down to his underwear, he took one more deep breath and dropped his briefs to the floor. George had never seen Cory naked before. The boy hoped that the stud would be happy with what he saw.

"Get down on your knees and crawl in here," George ordered.

Cory bent down and shivered as his knees touched the cold wooden floor. He began crawling along the foyer, past the stairs and towards the open door before him. His cock began to stiffen as he pushed the door open to meet the man who captivated him so.

The door led into the Johnson's dining room. Cory peered above the large rectangular table and saw George at the end sitting in what he assumed would be his father's chair. He was shirtless with his tight school pants still on. Cory could make out George's glorious bulge in the groin of his pants.

"What are you waiting for cock sucker?" George asked. "Get the fuck over here and worship me."

Cory crawled underneath the table as his mouth began to water. Once again he was greeted by the exquisite sight of George's thick, muscular legs. The dark hair that coated his thighs and calves that made him so masculine. It didn't matter how hard he tried to work out or bulk up, he'd never be half the man George was.

The boy crept out from under the table and was greeted by the breath taking sight of the stud's massive bulge. Reaching his hand to the button of George's tight school pants, Cory prepared to take his cock. George grabbed his wrist and stopped him from unleashing his dick. His wrist ached as George squeezed it. The boy wasn't even sure if he was squeezing it hard or not, it was difficult to tell - he was just so strong. 

"Not yet," he said sternly. "I made you crawl under the table for a reason faggot."

George raised his right foot and stamped it. 

"Kiss my fuckin' feet."

The rugby god put his hands in his lap and waited expectantly for the boy to begin his worship. Cory put his hands around George's shoes and helped him take them off. His feet were huge. Cory couldn't be sure but they looked like at least a size fourteen. 

George was wearing white socks. Cory cupped his right foot in both hands and bent his head down to begin worshipping them before being kicked back onto the ground.

"Take the socks off too, queer boy. What are you, stupid?"

"Yes Sir, sorry Sir," Cory replied. His face turned red with embarrassment. He wasn't normally this dim. It was just something about being around George that turned him into a blubbering fool.

Cory pulled George's socks off to reveal his gargantuan feet. They were covered in dark tufts of hair and upon removing his socks, Cory immediately inhaled their scent. They weren't unclean, but had been put to good use that day.

The smell was hot and manly.

Bringing his head down once more, Cory began to lick the soles of George's feet. He brought his tongue up to his toes and brought them into his mouth, savouring the salty taste.

"How do those feet taste faggot?"

"They taste amazing George," Cory muttered, kissing each toe one by one.

"The fuck did you just call me?"

"Shit, I'm sorry Sir!" 

George brought his right foot back and hit Cory in the face with it. He fell back on the floor and groaned with pain. His eyes winced and filled with water from the stinging sensation taking over his face.

"Lie the fuck down," the rugby player ordered.

Cory crawled directly underneath George and lay on his back. His breathing was slow and heavy. Although he was excited - he was scared of what could be coming next.

George brought his right foot down on Cory's face and placed his left foot on top of his cock. 

"Sniff."

Cory inhaled deeply and basked in the masculine stench of the stud's feet. His dick immediately began to stiffen and soon was aching under the weight of George's body.

"Are you starting to get hard, boy?"

George laughed and began rubbing his foot up and down the shaft of Cory's cock. He looked down at the naked boy worshipping him and smirked.

"Queers like you are so fuckin' pathetic. It's just too easy sometimes. I catch faggots checking me out all the time. All I've gotta do is give 'em one firm look and they'll be on their knees slobbering over my dick like it's their last meal."

Cory's cock was throbbing and precum was beginning to run down his groin. He continued to inhale the scent of the God's feet.

"Just remember boy, from here on out all you are is a worthless fag. You're not a man and you never will be. Your only purpose in life is to be a cum dump for real men like me."

George brought his muscular arms behind his head and laid back in the chair as he continued to rub Cory's cock with his foot.

"And get this fucking shit off my foot fag."

George brought his left foot down on Cory's face and rubbed it all over him. The boy quickly licked off all traces of his precum that had been left on his sole. 

With no warning, George lunged forward and grabbed a tuff of Cory's hair. Standing up, he pulled the boy up from the ground and stood him upright. For a moment the pair stood facing each other, staring into each other's eyes.

Cory longed to kiss his handsome face.

George pushed the boy back onto the dining table. Cory immediately brought his leg back and displayed his pink hole for the stud before him.

George smirked at Cory's eagerness. 

"You want me to fuck you like a little bitch?" he asked.

"Yes Sir! Please," Cory pleaded.

"Beg me for it you fucking queer."

"Please fuck me Sir! Please, I want it so bad! I've wanted your dick for so long."

"Louder, boy."

"Please Sir!" Cory raised his voice, his breathing was beginning to quicken. He could feel his hole twitching in anticipation for the thick piece of wood mere inches away from him. 

"Louder," George spoke in a low voice as he unbuttoned his school pants, letting them drop to the floor.

Cory could hardly take it anymore. He hadn't just been waiting for this since that unforgettable evening in the locker room. He had wanted this since the first time he laid eyes on this muscle bound hunk years before. He licked his lips as he saw George pulling down his boxer briefs to see his thick, veiny cock spring out. 

"Please Sir!" Cory roared. "Please fuck me with your big, fat cock! Fuck me like the fag that I am!"

George smiled. Not a smirk, a smile. Cory's heart melted at the sight of a grin on his chiselled face. 

"That's what I like to hear."

George clasped his hands around Cory's thighs and pushed his legs back as far as they would go. Cory bit his lip as he watched the muscles of the stud's arms flexing. George bent down and spat on Cory's hole. 

"Rub it in," he ordered.

Cory brought his hand down to his hole and began to gently lube it with George's spit. 

"You ready for the fuck of your life boy?" George asked as he began to jerk his growing cock.

"Yes Sir," Cory replied as he gently pushed his index finger into his tight hole, preparing to take George's monster cock.

George stepped forward and pressed his mushroom head against Cory's hole. Cory peered up at the thick slab of muscle towering over him. He had never felt so small. 

George thrusted his body forward and Cory groaned loudly as he forced the girth deep inside him.

"Oh fuck," Cory moaned.

George moved his hips back and forth, working his dick in and out of George's hole. Cory grabbed the edges of the dining room table with his hands. The pain was intense. He had never been fucked before. He was expecting his first time but he never thought it would be this painful.

"Sir, it hurts!" he exclaimed.

George brought his cock out of George's hole and then thrust it back in, hard and fast. Cory yelled in pain.

"I don't give a fuck if it hurts! Take it you fuckin' fag. I know you like it."

Cory felt like his hole was being torn open by the sheer girth of George's cock. 

"Please Sir, please, it hurts so bad!" Cory gritted his teeth and continued to clench the edges of the table as he tried to take the pain.

George raised his left hand and grabbed Cory by the throat.

"Take it you fucking bitch. This hole is mine now. I'm gonna wreck your fucking cunt."

Cory's body rocked back and forth on the dining table as the giant rugby jock forced all his strength into pounding the boy's virgin hole. He coughed as he tried to swallow with George's powerful hand still firmly around his throat.

"Take it, take it, take it," Cory whispered to himself, trying to ignore the pain. 

George brought his cock out of Cory's asshole and glared down at the boy.

"Suck it," he growled.

Cory crawled around onto his stomach and brought his head over the edge of the table. His whole body was in agony. George gripped his face and forced his cock down the boy's throat. Cory could taste his ass on the shaft of the stud's dick. 

George put his fingers on Cory's nostrils and squeezed them shut as he fucked the eager boy's mouth. Cory opened his mouth wider as he tried to breath, saliva running down his throat and forming a puddle on the floor beneath him. 

"You're messing up my fuckin' floor. You having trouble breathing faggot?" George laughed. "How does it feel to taste your own ass on my dick?"

Cory tried to respond to the hunk but ended up gagging on his dick even more severely.

"Poor boy. You just can't get enough can you?"

Still gripping Cory's face, George eased his nine-inch cock out of the boy's mouth. Cory gasped and burst into a fit of coughing as he began to breathe again.

"What do you say?" George asked.

"Th-thank," Cory burst into another fit of coughing. 

George slapped his cock against Cory's face. 

"Fucking spit it out! What's wrong, fag? You can't take it?"

Cory took a deep breath and regained composure. "I can take it Sir," he said. "Thank you for fucking me and letting me taste my ass on your dick, Sir" he said, looking down at the floor. Cory still couldn't bring himself to look at George's face when he said things like that. It was how he felt - but it still felt shameful.

"We're not done yet," George said. "Get on all fours like a dog."

Cory crawled around on the table and raised himself up on his knees - doggy style. Arching his back and raising his ass in the air - he made sure he gave the rugby stud a good view of his asshole.

"Look at you, archin' your back like a girl," George laughed. "I didn't even need to tell you."

"I know my place now, Sir" Cory replied. 

"Who owns that hole?"

"You do Sir. This is your hole."

"You bet it is, faggot."

George put his hands around Cory's waist. The boy's dick immediately began to leak precum again with the sensation of the stud's strong, manly hands around him. George eased his cock into Cory's hole more gently this time, before picking up his former aggressive pace.

"Oh shit!" Cory panted. His whole body jerked back and forth from the power of George's body.

"You like getting fucked doggy style boy?" 

"Fuck yes, Sir! Fuck me!" Cory yelled.

George pounded his cock deep inside Cory's hole, his balls slapping against the boy's ass. Cory yelled in pain. The pain was just as excruciating as before - but Cory didn't want it to stop. There was something satisfying about having his hole stuffed with rugby jock cock, no matter how much it hurt. 

"You like having a cock up your ass don't you, fag boy?"
