 After a few years apart, two friends reconnect and bond during a trip to a family cabin. This is part 2 of their story... 

*

Jeff and I came in from the hot tub still wearing nothing but our skin. I was feeling pretty good, not drunk but with a pleasant buzz. I think he was feeling the same way. We made our way back to the master bedroom which is where I had dropped my stuff when we had arrived earlier that day. As we walked Jeff was talking to me.

"I have a little bit of a confession to make." He began " I've been thinking of you a lot since I've been out west. In fact I would catch myself thinking about you every time I was in a situation that involved sex. Images of you or at least how I remembered you back in high school came to my mind all the time. I mean, you have always been my best friend, and I will always feel that way about you; but somewhere deep down I knew I was attracted to you sexually and had to get you alone to see what could happened."

I glanced over at him as we walked back to the bedroom. "So you're saying you've been lusting for your best friend for the past two years?" 

This revelation neither bothered nor hurt me, in fact it validated the feelings I was having at that moment. I guess I was always just so open to him as a person, I could see us doing just about anything together. You could say I was wishing for something to happen on this trip, but was afraid to say or do anything for fear of losing my oldest friend.

"Well, longer actually." He continued. 

By now we had reached the master bedroom and continued inside and stopped next to the king sized bed. 

Jeff spun on his heel. "Hey I wanted to surprise you." He said with a grin. "Wait here, I'll be right back."

With that he went back to the room his stuff was in. I sat down on the foot of the bed and thought back to the events of this day. The uneventful drive here, forgetting my swim suit, the look I caught in Jeff's eyes when he saw me naked for the first time. The urges I felt for him when I saw him hard and naked. I closed my eyes and remembered how it felt to have him touching my hard cock in the shower for the first time, and how his hard flesh felt in my hands as we brought each other to roaring orgasms. Then my mind wandered to the feeling of first his fingers, and then his massive cock as it slide slowly into my virgin ass. 

Opening my eyes I looked down and saw the pink head of my cock looking back up at me, throbbing to the memories of our second mutual orgasm of the night. I couldn't remember ever feeling as sexually alive as I did at that moment.

I heard Jeff footsteps on the wood floor as he returned to the room. Reaching the bed he smiled as he saw my stiff cock pointed toward the ceiling. Under one arm he had a large towel rolled up and in his opposite hand he had a bottle of some sort.

"So, while I was on spring break last year I took some courses on massage, sports medicine, stuff like that. One of the girls taking the class with me, Audrey, offered to give me some one-on-one lessons on sensual massage." He said with a wink.

"I bet!" I replied. Jeff was such a ladies' man. It seems like no matter where he went the girls were all about offering him massages and their bodies with little or no effort on his part.

Jeff smiled and continued. "I figured I would thank you for thinking to take me here and also for being who you are."

"For who I am huh?" I joked. "Who am I then?" I asked

He took on a serious look as he spoke. "Yes, you have no idea how many times I wanted something like this to happen between us, and how many times I imagined it going bad; you would flip out and tell me to get lost. You have been and always will be my best friend and doing anything to ruin that scared the shit out of me. When I came into the bathroom earlier I was going to confess how I felt and just let the chip fall where they may. It took me a few beers to work up the courage. But it seems," he paused and looked down at my still hard dick, "my worries were for nothing."

"You're damn right they were." I replied. "When I saw you standing there naked with that amazing hard cock, I don't think I could have wanted anything more. Seriously though," I continued "I think I always knew I was attracted to you in some way, more than friends, you know? Hell, I probably "forgot" my swim suit because subconsciously I wanted you to see me naked just to see what would happen." 

He laughed when I said this. I was sort of joking with him, but was also being serious. I knew when I saw him standing there I needed to take the risk and see what happened. I am so glad I did! "So anyway, let me hook you up, Audrey says I have pretty talented hands and I figured it was the least I could do for bringing us up he re and letting fate have its way with us."

"That sounds pretty fuckin' awesome to me." I said "How do you want me?"

Jeff walked over to the bed and motioned for me to stand up and then laid out the over sized towel and motioned to it with one hand. 

"Ok, lie down on your stomach, arms to your sides and get comfortable."

I did as he instructed and climbed onto the bed and lying down, placed my arms down at my sides. I turned my head so that it was facing away from the bed and toward Jeff. The sun was down now and though the room was dimly lit I could still see well enough from the warm glow coming from out in the living area. 

"Relax." He said as he moved to the side of the bed. 

"Yeah, that won't be a problem." I thought to myself. I had a pretty good hard on before I moved onto the towel, but it had calmed down a bit and was looking forward to my first massage in well over a year. 

I heard a bottle cap flip open and then saw the bottle as he placed it on the table next to me. I squinted to see what it was and read that it was scented massage oil. As I read the label I took a deep breath and was pleased at the strong vanilla smell mixed with Jasmine. Next I head Jeff rubbing his wet hands together then felt him touch my shoulders. 

"Mmmmmmm..." I moaned out loud. Damn, was just started and it already felt amazing! Jeff moved his warm slick hands like an expert over my back. Starting at my shoulders he worked from the inside out to my arms and then back in, varying pressure and stopping only long enough to add a little more oil. He then worked down to my lower back and spine. Now THERE was the money spot! He must have felt the tension there as he works his hands over my spine to my sides gently at first then harder, working the knots out. Neither one of us spoke. Jeff warmed a little more oil in his hands and moved down over my exposed buttocks. His fingers kneaded my flesh causing me to have goose bumps and butterflies in my stomach. His ministrations also caused my cock to stir, growing under me almost uncomfortably as his hands massaged my firm ass. Finally, Jeff spoke.

"I'm really glad you stayed in shape after High School, I was afraid you were going to be a fat ass when I got off the plane." He stopped for a moment and I opened my eyes and looked back at him. He had a big devilish "Jeff" smile on his face. He was waiting to see what my reaction would be to his comment. 

"Man, fuck you. If memory serves you liked the fatties didn't you?" was my reply. 

Jeff had an unfortunate incident at an after game party that ended up with him drunk and passed out. At some point he woke up to Tracy Womack riding his dick for all she was worth. Of course Tracy was over 250 pounds and knew this was about the only way she was going to get her hands (and pussy) on Jeff's 10 inch dick! The thing was, when he came to, rather than freaking out, he just grabbed her hips and let her ride him until she flooded his pole with her pussy juice. Jeff blew his load shortly after and promptly passed back out. He didn't really remember the incident but there were enough people with cameras to prove the event transpired. After that if I ever wanted to get the final word on something I would work in the "Tracy incident".

I smiled to myself as I faced the other way, waiting for a reply, usually none came.

My reply came in the form of his oiled hand coming down HARD on my left ass cheek. "SLAP!!!"

The sound echoed off the walls. Jesus did that sting!

"Oops, hand slipped my bad!" 

After the initial shock of him slapping my ass passed I laughed a little to myself. "I thought you would like that one." 

"Yeah, ha ha mother fucker! I think she almost broke my hip!" He said sarcastically 

We both laughed for a moment then I felt his hand as it gently came back to my ass cheek. He rubbed the side he just slapped until the sting was finally gone and pleasure remained. He then resumed his massage over both sides and then down toward the backs of my thighs. He worked his warm hands over each leg and then back up moving them together from inner thigh to the crease where my legs met my ass. Each large concentric circle brought his hands from low on my thighs up and around each cheek of my ass. As he made those circle his hands would open my ass to him on each pass. Soon I felt myself moving my hips in time, pushing my ass back as he spread the cheeks apart. His hands worked deeper between my ass until I felt them as they joined together and then passed down over my anus. This felt incredible!

Now his thumbs were moving up and down over my hole. He paused and then I felt them come back, only slicker. Jeff moved his thumbs up and down again, circling my hole and applying light pressure from the outside then pushing slightly harder as he moved them toward my sphincter. My Cock was rock hard now and pulsed between my belly and the towel beneath me. I raised my ass as he teased my asshole with his thumbs, taking a little pressure off of my member as I did. 

Jeff gently slipped one thumb into my ass in one smooth move. A moan escaped my lips as he pushed it into me and then bent it down inside me toward my prostate and applied pressure. Jesus! That feeling was beyond words! He moved his thumb in a circle inside me where my prostate causing an intense desire deep in me. My cock felt like a steel bar and all I wanted to do was push more of his fingers deeper into me.

Apparently that was not part of his plan. Slowly, Jeff removed his thumb and gently pushed my ass back down toward the bed. He then resumed his massage down to my calves and feet. A part of me was disappointed. I wanted him to continue exploring my ass, but his hands were magic on my legs and I again started to relax as he worked out the stress that had built up in my body over the past year. 

He stopped and said, "Flip over."

I did as instructed and turned over onto my back. Without saying anything Jeff took a small folded hand towel and laid it across my eyes. Another pause and then his freshly oiled hands touched my shoulders and started to work over my collar bone and then down to my chest. I can say for sure whoever this Audrey was taught him well! His hands were strong without being overly so. Next he worked down from my shoulders to my pecks, down across my belly to my hips. As his hands neared my midsection I became aroused again stiffening back to my full length. The only sound in the room was his hands as they worked wetly on my skin and his breathing. Again I felt disappointment as his hands moved down to the front of my thighs. He worked on each leg thoroughly kneading and rubbing each leg down to my feet again. By this time everything except for my cock was in a total state of relaxation. 

There was another slight pause and then I felt his warm oiled hands back on my hips. They worked up and then in, but he moved his hands so that rather than touching my cock they moved to either side. Then he brought them back down toward my balls. Finally I felt his hands on my sex. They lightly moved over my balls, and then down below them, between my legs leading to my ass. I instinctively spread my legs further apart. Jeff moved his hands back up and again moved his hands up and around my throbbing shaft without actually touching it. Fuck! This was torture! His hands move back down and played with my swollen balls some more. I was beginning to hump the air as his actions brought his fingers down toward my willing ass again. Once more his hands came up and framed my cock, but this time he encircled my shaft and pointed it straight up. A moan came to my lips but ended as a shout as I felt wet heat slide over first the tip and then shaft of my turgid prick. Jeff had placed his mouth over me in one smooth move and took me into his warm inviting mouth. I bucked my hips hard as he pushed his mouth down around my cock taking me down to the root of my cock. He held me there for a moment, and then came back off of me all together.

"Where the fuck did you learn how to do that?" I exclaimed.

"The same girl who taught me how to massage." He replied. "I was very open to her. For some reason I felt like I could tell her anything. She would tease me for hours at her place. When she would finally let me cum I thought I was going to pass out more than once! She showed me a lot about my body that I had no idea about."

I didn't respond. I was still lying with the towel across my eyes relishing the feel of his strong hands on each hip and the sound of his voice as he spoke. After a moment I felt the bed shift, obviously from his body weight as he moved onto the bed and positioned himself between my spread legs. Again his hands circled around my throbbing cock and then brought it back up and into his wanton mouth. My head arched back as he took me into his hot mouth. He slowly worked his lips around the mushroom head then down to the shaft and with small strokes moved his mouth up and down allowing a little more of me to enter his mouth each time he came down. It was safe to say this had to be the best head I had ever had! As his mouth worked on my dick his hands played with my balls, He went from gently massaging them to tugging on them with gentle pressure. Jesus! I had, up to this point, cum harder than I ever had twice today. Right now I felt like I was going to match the intensity of those orgasms, and had no idea how that could be. Maybe it was just the carnal desire I had for this man for so many years finally coming into fruition or maybe he was just a straight up stud who had me shuttering and moaning like a little whore.

Soon Jeff was sucking with a steady rhythm long, slow, and deep. Each time his mouth met the base of my cock I would thrust up burying myself deep down his throat. He never gagged once. "He must have had an awesome teacher." I marveled to myself. "I then pictured myself doing this to him, sucking him deep down to the back of my throat and beyond; feeling his cock throbbing in my mouth and then shoot thick jets of cum down into my stomach. That though brought me to the brink. My balls tighten and I started to pant. Suddenly Jeff stopped and took his mouth off of me. 

I had to look. I reached up and took the cloth off of my face and looked down. Jeff had look of pure lust of his face. He was glistening with perspiration and was almost panting front having my 9 inch cock buried to the hilt in his mouth. I looked down his body and saw his hard cock jutting out. Pre-cum oozed from its tip as it bobbed in time with his heart beat.

Jeff looked into my eyes. "Dude, I'm sorry, I have got to have your ass again!"

He didn't even wait for an answer. Taking the bottle of massage oil off the bed next to him he drizzled a healthy amount into his hand and then, popping the cap shut and tossing it aside, slathered the oil on his turgid member. I didn't need any encouragement. I lifted my legs up as he moved forward. I opened myself to him as he grabbed my slick body and brought me to him. Jeff moved in under my legs and then took his cock in his hand and, aiming the head down toward my oiled ass, pushed it effortlessly past the ring of my anus. Letting go he brought himself forward the rest of the way pulling me into his stiff member and he pushed into my ass. His oiled cock felt amazing as it slowly slid into me. I could feel the pulsing heat of it as he pushed deeper into my ass. My cock jerked wildly as his hips met my ass. Jeff grunted as he buried himself all the way inside me. Then he started fucking me. On the couch earlier you could almost say we made love. The act was gentle, sort of exploratory. Now was different. We were more raw and passionate with each other. He used long fast strokes to pound my ass, fucking like a man possessed. I was pretty much in heaven and was content to let him drive himself urgently in and out of my ass, he groaned each time his cock bottomed out, as did I. 

"Yeah, gonna cum again!" He said breathlessly.

"Do it!" I encouraged. "Fill my ass, make me cum again!"

Jeff buried himself deep in my ass and moaned out loud. I felt him swell in my ass then felt that amazing feeling of his cum as it shot into me. I could actually feel the first two spurts shooting inside. After those first two spurts though, he pulled out of me and aimed his shooting cock at my dick and came on it as well as my stomach. My cock was already drooling from the ass fucking he was giving me. Now it was being coated in his cum as he jerked off onto my shaft. I was awe struck. The sight was so hot I just watched as he emptied the rest of his balls onto my twitching cock. Each glob of pearly cum landed on either my balls or my shaft, each time his cum landed on me I would jerk with ecstasy.

Jeff's orgasm ebbed. He let go of his thick dick and leaned back over me and taking my jizz sodden dick in his hand he quickly engulfed it with his mouth. He didn't even need to move. Just the act of drawing me into his mouth was enough to trigger my orgasm. I came with a shout! The first shot that rocketed from me almost hurt at it fired down his throat. I shot over and over in his warm welcoming mouth. All the while my back arched in bliss as I balled the sheets under me in my closed fists. My whole body orgasmed and emptied itself through my cock into Jeff's talented mouth. Jeff held in place as my cock jerked and twitched in his mouth. He never spilled a drop of our combined cum as he started to suck gently, coaxing the last of my seed from my balls.

Finally, exhausted, my whole body went limp. Sweat ran down my forehead as I panted. I felt Jeff's mouth slowly slide back off of my rod, then felt the bed move. I glanced up to see him moving over me. He brought his face up to mine. He was breathing heavy and sweating as much as I was. He hovered over my face for a moment. In that time I felt his cock resting against mine. My cock twitched, as if it had a mind of its own. "Jesus," I thought to myself. "How the fuck am I getting hard again after I just came like that?"

Before I was allowed to think on anything else I snapped back to reality as I felt Jeff's mouth press against mine. It was a tentative kiss at first, light, gentle, loving. I returned it in the same way. Each time we brought out mouths together we kissed a little harder, a little more impassioned. Soon our tongues were exploring each other's mouth. I could taste the combination of our mingling cum in his mouth we kissed. After a long while we returned to the light and gentle kisses. 

Jeff pulled back and flopped over next to me on the bed. We both lay there quietly for a long time not speaking, but not really needing to either. I felt his hand reach over and take mine. I returned the hold and we laid there holding hands until we both drifted off to sleep.