 Jeff and I have been good friends since we were kids in high school. I don't think I have any memories from that time in my life that didn't involve him in some way. We were both pretty competitive and enjoyed sports, worked out in the gym together; we even doubled up at senior prom with our dates. Hell that was a time to remember! 

We went to the post- prom event, which had a reputation for being pretty lame. We smuggled some liquor in so by the time we left we were feeling pretty good. Our dates were pretty buzzed and horny too! We left together in my car and went to one of the little parks close by. Jeff was already in back with his date, Wendy, and they started to get hot and heavy which prodded my date and I to join the fun! At first I was a little worried about fucking my date so close to another guy, let alone Jeff, but as soon as Kelly (my date), grabbed my hand and led it to her soaking wet pussy I was good to go! If anything I think the two of them moaning and dry humping in the back made the situation that much hotter. I remember looking back and watching Wendy as she straddled Jeff and guided his fat cock into her tight pussy while Kelly worked my hard dick out of my dress pants and went down on me. I couldn't help but notice how good his dick looked at it slid wetly in and out of Wendy's tight teen pussy. His shaft glistened in the dim light that filtered through the car window. I had caught glimpses of his cock in the locker room from time to time, nothing more. I didn't want curiosity to label me as a "Fag" in school. There was little risk of that now. I just knew this was the first time I saw it fully hard and going to work and it kind of turned me on. His dick was pretty thick and from what I could see it was fairly long too. Wendy was coming up pretty far off of his lap, almost banging her head on the roof of the car, and I still didn't see the head of it as she thrust back down. 

I like to think I'm pretty well off as well and Kelly didn't seem to be complaining as she licked and sucked me like a girl possessed. I'm pretty sure, though, my dick had never felt that hard before as I watched those two go at it in the back seat. Shit, I actually wondered what his cock must have felt like to Wendy. At that point I pulled Kelly's face off my raging member, pulled her out of the car and pushing her face first over the hood. I then unceremoniously drove all 9 inches into her soaking pussy. Jesus! The noises that girl made! I thought someone would call the cops thinking someone was being killed in the park rather than getting fucked. I was lost in the moment for a second and then heard Jeff cheering me on from inside the car. That put me over the top and I filled my date's pussy with a huge load. The shouting from inside the car let me know that Jeff wasn't too far behind me. Ah what a night!

That was years ago, but for some reason those images came to mind as I waited for his flight to land. He had had been accepted to a big college on the west coast and hadn't been back for a couple of years. We chatted and messaged during that time to keep in touch. We'd brag about girls we banged, work, the usual stuff but last week he said he really needed a break and was coming back home for a visit. After the last conversation we had, it was clear he was looking forward to not being around a lot of people during his stay.

After Jeff left for college his folks split up and both moved out of state so he was more interested in seeing the old sights and hanging with old friends rather than be with family. I decided to surprise him once he bought tickets and went up to my family cabin to get it set up for a stay. We used to go there with our folks when we were kids, and spent a lot of time fishing and just having a good time out in the woods.

So, there I stood waiting for him to come up the ramp. After what seemed like forever I saw his head in the crowd as it approached the gate area. It was hard to miss Jeff, even in a crowd. He was about 6 foot tall with really blond hair and had electric blue eyes. When I last saw him he was in good shape too. I could see him looking around for a familiar face and soon locked eyes with me. He flashed that signature "Jeff" grin that melted the knees of countless female classmates. "Dave!" He practically yelled; startling the lady in front of him. I walked toward him and smiled back, taking note that it looked like he had been keeping up with his commitment to staying in shape. Damn, I had really missed my best friend! 

We hugged like brothers, and then arched back and lifted me off the ground. "Damn man, you going soft on me?" He loved to tease me in the fact that I was about a foot shorter than him. I was broader though and I never lost interest in lifting weights at the gym. I was in a lot better shape than a lot of the guys I was in college with. I never was into "Bulking up" but I was in great shape, with a broad chest that the girls loved to nuzzle up to. 

"What's up tiny?" I said, using the standard sarcasm I was well known for. 

"Not much bro! So, what's the plan? We going to go get shitty drunk and chase skirts tonight or what?" 

"Well, actually I had a better plan. You remember my families' camp at Lake Worthington?" 

"Shit, of course I do! You telling me we're heading there?"

"Yup! Figured since you're getting here on a Friday we could head up in the morning and spend a few days away from the world. I already went up stocked the fridge and set it up!"

"Dude, that sounds great!" He replied.

"Glad you approve, now let's get your shit in the car, grab some chow and mess with the girls at the brew-pub!"

Jeff grinned from ear to ear. That was his favorite hang out and was the best place to flirt with the ladies. We grabbed his bags and jumped in my jeep. We went to by my apartment so he could grab a quick shower and drop his stuff. We had a few beers while we caught up and then walked to the pub. We spent the rest of the night Bull-shitting and flirting with the wait staff into the wee hours of the morning. Finally we both called it and staggered back to my place to pass out.

Noon came early and we woke up thinking a few less beers might have been a good idea. I thought I was going to take forever to get him up, but finally got his ass up and into the shower. I packed up some clothes and filled my cooler with the food that I had bought before I went to the airport. We got a later start than I was hoping for but finally got on the road at around 2 o'clock. The day was just about as perfect as it could be so I took the cover off the Jeep and we headed out

Traffic was light so we made good time, getting up to the lake in less than two hours. Soon we were surrounded by tall pines and the only sound was that of the wind rushing through them. A welcome change to the traffic I was used to hearing outside my apartment. Jeff sat quietly for the last bit, smiling to himself and enjoying the day. Finally we made it to the cabin. 

The cabin was rustic looking from the outside, but was very modern inside. The place had indoor everything with a large shower with a separate tub inside, and a hot tub big enough for five out on the wrap around deck that overlooked the lake. It was nice and private too. The next cabin was about a mile down and well out of sight. There was a private beach with a small boat dock too. Yes, this place was a small slice of heaven!

We brought our stuff inside and started to unpack. There were three bedrooms so we both picked a room and settled in. I went ahead and unpacked the cooler and then went out to check on the hot tub. I had cleaned it out and put fresh water in it when I had come up earlier. By now it was up to temp and ready to go, which made me happy! I had been thinking about soaking in this baby for the whole trip. 

I went back in and shouted to Jeff saying that I as taking a dip. He joked back with "okay, just stay in the shallow end!" I laughed to myself as I went to my room and started fishing through my bags, but after a short search discovered that I had somehow forgot to pack swim shorts. After cursing myself for being a dumb-ass I said fuck it and decided to just go without one. I doubted Jeff would care. We'd seen each other naked in the school showers about a hundred times! 

After I stripped down I wrapped one of the over sized bath towels around me, and walked out to the hot tub. Daaaaaaaamn did that water feel good! I leaned my head back and closed my eyes and relaxed in the swirling water. It felt nice to not have anywhere to be for a while. As I listened to the sounds of the bubbling water, the wind in the trees and the birds chirping in the late afternoon rays of the sun I dosed off. The next thing I knew I felt something ice cold on the side of my neck. I jumped up about a foot, hearing the hysterical laughter of Jeff. 

"Fuck, you should have seen your face!" He laughed.

"Yeah, yeah, fuck you very much!" I said.

Jeff stopped laughing and just looked at me with a raised eyebrow for a moment. "Did I miss the clothing optional memo for this little trip?"

I suddenly realized I was standing in front of him buck naked.

I sat back down quickly and explained "Yeah, I forgot my suit, figured it wouldn't be a big deal."

"Hell dude, I don't care." He replied. "This is your place anyway, do whatever you want."

"Here's your beer." He said, passing me the cold bottle that was just used to give me a heart attack. "I'm going to go change and join you."

I took the drink and sat back down, feeling my heart rate return to normal. Soon he walked back out with a small cooler in front of him. He put it down and stepped naked into the hot tub with his beer. 

"When in Rome..." he said as he stepped in laughing. 

"Thanks bro, I needed this!" He said with a sigh.

So, there we sat, for hours as we caught up on old times, college, friends we knew, who we hooked up with or wanted to hook up with. After we finished our beers one of us would stand to get a fresh one. Each time it was Jeff's turn I found myself stealing glances at his nude form. He was in really good shape, had a solid, hairless chest and hard abs. I could tell he had been running a lot because his legs, especially his calves showed a lot of definition. He was also pretty big in the cock department, bigger than I remembered from that night long ago. He kept his pubic hair trimmed and I noted before he looked back that he shaved his balls. I did too. Each time he stood up I noticed how his member swayed to the side as he reached into the cooler.

Soon the topic of discussion turned to sex and stayed there. We were sort of "one upping" each other until he started to tell the winning story about this girl he and his roommate in college were doing at the same time. He went on in detail about how she was sucking him off while his friend fucked her from behind. Then they switched and he fucked her while she blew his buddy. As he went on, not forsaking any detail, I started to get hard. With the water bubbling and swirling it didn't show, but I was going to be the next to get the beers and was trying to figure out how to will my dick to chill out before then. Jeff continued on about how he was on the bottom fucking her, and then his roommate started to fuck her in the ass at the same time. He described how he could feel his roommates cock thrusting into her ass as well as the guys' balls rubbing on his shaft each time he drew out of her. He went on to say he came like a horse.

He finished and we were both silent for a moment.

"You don't think that was kind of gay?" I asked.

"Uh, NO...we were both with a girl dumb-ass!" he laughed and then continued. "No man, it was pretty cool, she loved it and I can definitely say I would do it again if I had the chance." He said with a smile.

Jeff took the last of his beer and clinked the glass on the deck.

"Next round bartender!" 

Shit, I was afraid this was going to happen! I was still hard as a rock and was going to have to stand up.

"What's up, forget how to walk?" 

"No!" I hesitated for a moment. "I got it." 

I decided to say fuck it and stood up. I reached over, open the cooler and grabbed our beers and then turned back. Jeff was looking right at my stiff cock. I tried not to think about it but for some reason him looking at me the way he was made me actually grow a little harder. 

"Here you go lush." I said, passing him his drink.

Jeff just took it and didn't say anything for what seemed like a long time. We sat in silence for a while watching the sun as it reached the trees. Finally he started to talk about some other stuff that he had been doing on the west coast. I was starting to lose my erection and decided it was a good time to get out and use the bathroom.

"Nature calls." Was all I said as I got out and walked inside. I didn't bother with the towel and just walked Au natural to the bathroom not even bothering to close the door. It seemed like I was pissing forever, between the beers and sitting in a tub of hot water I felt like I was going to piss for the rest of the day. Finally the stream subsided, I flushed and turned around. As I turned I saw Jeff standing in the doorway. I immediately noticed that his cock was completely hard. Wow, was it big! He had to be at least 10 inches long and thick too. I stood there looking at it for a moment and then realized I was starting to get hard as well. 

"Um, I was thinking of jumping in the shower to cool off a little, the shower is big enough, care to join me?" I contemplated for a moment as I watched his manhood bob in front of him. Up to this point I never really considered being with just a guy. I knew I loved pussy, but the thought of being in the shower close enough to possibly touch his monster cock made my cock pulse even harder. I think he knew the answer before I said "Sure."

Jeff went to the shower and slide the clear door open. After running the water for a moment he stepped inside. I followed him in, sliding the door closed behind us. The shower was big and wide enough for three people to stand without touching. There three heads on the wall that made the shower seem more like you were standing out in the rain than a shower; pretty fancy for a cabin in the woods. We stood on opposite sides at first. Neither one of us spoke. We were facing each other, but were both looking at each other's cocks. I heard my own voice as if I were hearing it from outside of my head.

"Can I touch it?" I heard myself asking.

"Go ahead." Jeff replied.

As if in a dream I saw my hand reaching out toward his erection. It seemed like it took forever as my hand closed the gap between us. Then I felt the velvet smooth skin of his cock on the tips of my fingers. I first touched the tip of his cock head, and then allowed my fingers to travel down his shaft. His cock felt hot under the fall of the cool water we were standing under. I instinctively wrapped my hand around the thick shaft. Jeff moved forward as I brought my hand back almost pulling him toward me. Without speaking, Jeff brought his hand up to my throbbing member. I felt his warm fingers on my cock which caused it to jerk upward. His hand followed it down and he too wrapped his fingers around my hard shaft. I might be about an inch shorted in length than he was, but I know I had him in girth.

"It's thick." He said with a strangeness to his voice; almost thick, like I could hear the lust in it. He stepped even closer giving me a better grip on his shaft. We now stood with both of our cocks facing, almost touching each other. Slowly I started to stroke his wet cock. It was thick enough that my finger tips touched on either side but didn't overlap. I tried to imagine some poor girl taking this monster in her pussy for the first time. As I tugged a little faster on his swollen cock I felt him do the same to me, working the same rhythm as I did; stroking back and forth at the same time. I could feel him thrusting a little as I pushed my fist back down his shaft, toward his large, smooth balls. I watched mesmerized as he rocked back and forth in my closed fist. I glanced up and could see him watching our hands moving on each other's cocks. I was acutely aware of the feel of his warm hand on my own cock. I could feel my orgasm building. For a moment I was worried about what to do when I came, but then figured it was a little too late for that. His hand felt so good and so right on my cock I just savored the feel.

Suddenly Jeff grunted. His cock swelled in my hand and then a thick rope of cum shot from his cock and landed on mine. Another spurt shot out onto my stiff cock as well as his stroking hand lubricating it on my hard shaft. I could feel the added slickness of his cum on my cock as he continued to stroke it. After the third rope of cum landed on my cock I felt my orgasm hit me. As I watched his shooting cock my first rope of cum shot out of my cock and onto his. Cum landed on the head of his member and then on my hand as I slowed my strokes on him. I felt the added slickness lubricate his cock in my hand as he continued to spurt cum toward me. Both of our orgasms seemed to last forever! The more we came the slicker our cocks got. I have never seen anything that hot before; Jeff's cock shooting cum with a thick layer of cum from me from his tip to his balls.

Finally our orgasms subsided. Slowly, reluctantly, I let go of his semi hard cock as he let go of mine. We both stood breathing heavily for a moment then turned toward to shower heads and rinsed off. We turned off the water and stepped out and grabbed towels. After drying off we walked back out and sat on the couch in the living area. Jeff spoke first.

"I hope you don't think I'm crazy or something, but I have to confess. I have wanted to do something like that with you since the first time I saw you fucking Kelly in high school." 

"No," I began." I don't think you're crazy at all; and if we're being honest, I remember feeling the same way when you were fucking Debbie Dewer in the back of the car. Watching your cock going in and out of her has been stuck in my mind since that night. Hell, that thought crossed my mind while I was waiting for you a the airport yesterday!"

"No shit?" He asked in surprise.

"Yeah, I just remember thinking what it must have felt like to have that inside her. It was so big and she really seemed to be enjoying it!" 

Even though I had just blown the biggest load I can ever remember having I was starting to feel my cock harden under my towel. I shifted a little so it wouldn't be so obvious.

Jeff knew what I was doing.

"Hey, it's ok." He said. "I'm getting hard again too. Besides, I think we are beyond being shy with each other at this point." 

I smiled and nodded in agreement. I lifted up off the couch and pulled the towel off, my cock slapped against my stomach as I dropped my towel on the floor with a flourish. Jeff did the same. His cock was about as hard as mine at this point. Again we started talking. We confirmed that we both still had a healthy lust for women, but were somehow completely attracted to each other as well. Jeff sat next to me with his back against the arm of the couch and with one leg tucked under his ass. His semi hard cock was lying to the side. As we spoke my eyes seemed drawn to it. I couldn't help but look at it from time to time. After a little while I could see him getting harder and in no time it was hard and at full size again.

We both sat in silence for a little while. As I looked his erection over, noticing how thick the vein was that ran along the top was, I found myself wondering what it must taste like. I looked up at him and he seemed to be reading my thoughts.

"Go ahead." Was all he said.

I stood up and stepped in front of him. At the same time he turned himself so that he was sitting with both feet on the floor. I knelt in front of my friend and took his warm thick cock in my hands. Leaning forward I brought my face down until I felt his soft flesh on my lips. I breathed in deeply and could smell a slight musk, causing my cock to throb. Slowly I opened my mouth, and ran the tip of his cock back and forth on my lips. Gently I took his tip into my mouth for the first time. Jeff half moaned, half sighed as my tongue probed his cock head. He was huge up close like this! I moved my tongue all over his glands, savoring the taste of his flesh. It was amazing. I opened my mouth wider now and took the whole of the head of his cock into my warm mouth. Slowly I swirled my tongue around the huge tip of his knob as I worked my lips around his girth. I savored the feeling of the soft head on my tongue and then felt his hand on the top of my head. 
