 I work the beaches in Orange County. That's my territory, and very rich territory it is, too. Los Angeles, just a few miles to the north, is often lucrative as well, but risky, and too crowded for my taste. The takings are easier and more consistent on the beaches from Newport to Seal Beach in OC, so that's where I have set up shop, so to speak. 

So what's my business? Well it's simple. I suck dick. And I'm damned good at it, if I do say so myself. My regulars call me Magic Mouth, and it's true, too. I look like a surfer, with my long blonde hair worn in dreadlocks, my blue eyes and my slim waist. Just between you and me, though, it's all an act. I'm actually from the west side of Chicago, and just moved here a little over a year ago. I've found that if you act stoned and throw in enough "dudes" and "gnarlys," nobody will know you're not a real wave rider.

I spotted him from about 50 yards away. He was a middle aged white guy with gold, wire-frame glasses, wearing a ridiculous Hawaiian shirt. I mean, come on, if you wanted to visit Hawaii you should have just done it. Don't come here and prance around on a beach in Southern California in a loud blue shirt that shouts "tourist." I figured this loser was good for a quick forty and I was soon to be proved right.

As I made my approach, I tried to figure out which of my bait lines would work best on him. Ran out of gas? Pregnant girlfriend? Dead grandmother? In the end, I said the hell with it and just went with the direct approach. As I got near him, I reached out and rubbed the crotch of his Bermuda shorts and said simply, "suck your dick?" As it happens, he was ripe, and we were soon on the way to the men's room to do the deed.

The guy, although married, had apparently not had a blowjob in a while. I sat on the john and had him stand in front of me with his pants pulled down around his ankles. I put his skinny white dick in my mouth and it wasn't two minutes before he was shooting his load. Easiest forty I had all day.

I had him leave first, you know, so it wouldn't look so suspicious, and then I left a few minutes later. I was looking around for my next mark when I felt a strong hand on my shoulder. "That's enough for today, son." I turned around to find a cop standing there and knew immediately that I was busted. He was about 6'2", and had every bit the real surfer body that I had a fake one. Short fair hair in a crew cut, green eyes, and so ripped his muscles were popping out of his blue uniform shirt. I couldn't help but feel jealous of his natural tan, which looked so much nicer than the sorry looking thing I had gotten from lying in a tanning booth in the spring.

"Let's you and me take a trip downtown."

"What's the problem, officer? I was just taking a leak."

"Yeah sure you were," he said. "I was in the next stall while you were sucking his dick. I'm bringing you in on a soliciting charge."

I didn't know what to say after that, and discretion being the better part of valor, I decided to say nothing. He turned me around and told me to put my hands behind my back, while he slapped the cuffs on me. The walk to the cop car was long and depressing, and I started to have second thoughts about coming out here to sunny Southern California to make my fortune. He opened the rear door and put his hand on top of my head so that I wouldn't bang it against the roof of the car while I was getting in. Like that was going to happen. I'm only about 5'7", and never came close to hitting the doorframe as I got into the back seat of my black and white chariot.

While we were driving, the sun was just going down, and it was starting to get cold. As I didn't have a shirt on, I was wondering how I was going to make it through a night in one of those awful holding cells, which are notoriously freezing.

"What's your name?" the cop asked me. I told him my name was Sammy.

"Where are you from?" I told him I was from Laguna Beach, which is sort of true. I crash there sometimes. 

"Bullshit. You're not from around here. Chicago, right?"

I felt like an asshole as I told him that he was right, and I told him where I was from in Chicago. I was starting to get worried about this whole thing, as it was now getting dark, and we didn't appear to be heading downtown. I asked him where we were going, and he told me that he wasn't going to waste his overtime busting a fag like me, but did not elaborate. After a while we grew silent, and as we cruised through the cities in Orange County and up into the hills, I kept my mouth shut and enjoyed the ride, at least as much as was humanly possible with my hands cuffed behind my back and sitting in the back of a cop car.

When we came to the top of a hill, the car slowed. I looked out the window to my left and I could see the ocean stretched out for miles, with the last glow of the sun peeking up over the horizon. I had to admit, it was a beautiful scene. The car came to a stop, and then the officer backed in behind a billboard sign, out of sight from the main road.

"I come here sometimes," he said, "to watch the sunset. You like sunsets?"

I didn't know what to say, but at least I wasn't in jail yet, so I told him yeah, sure. Who doesn't like sunsets. He got out of the car and came around to the back door. He took hold of my arm just below the shoulder and yanked me out of the car. "Turn around," he said. When I was facing the car, he took out a key and undid the handcuffs. "If I let you go, you're not going to do anything stupid, right?"

I promised I wouldn't, and he undid the handcuffs and opened the front door. "Get in," he said. I climbed into the front seat, and I noticed he didn't bother pushing the top of my head as I got in. He walked around and got in on the driver's side and explained that he had to spend a certain number of hours of every patrol trying to catch speeders up here in the hills. He said it was his favorite part of a tour. The officer never told me his name, and I didn't ask, but I noticed that the badge on his chest said 'Walker.'

For a while we just sat there and watched the sunset. Not many people know it, but some of the best colors of a sunset come just after the sun dips below the horizon, and as I sat there with this cop in his patrol car, we were treated to a scene of reds, yellows, golds, and just a hint of green, as the sky gradually faded to black. When it was completely dark, he looked at me and said "Job has its perks," to which I heartily agreed.

Only a few cars went by while we sat, and none of them, apparently, were moving at a sufficient speed to catch the officer's interest, when finally he turns to me and tells me that he's thinking about letting me go. "What the hell, it's only a blowjob, right? Not worth the paperwork." I immediately agreed with him and let him know he was doing the right thing.

"I'm going to give you a choice," he said. "You can either do something for me, or I can put you in a cell downtown. It's up to you." So, now we come to the meat of the matter, so to speak. I didn't say anything, but instead reached my hand over and started massaging his crotch. He smiled and said, "Yeah, that feels so good," and I continued to rub away at his joint until I felt it growing larger.

After a minute, he loosened his belt and pushed his crisp uniform pants down below his knees. I looked down and let out a gasp. His cock was incredible! It was at least ten inches long and at least an inch thick. I had been sucking cocks for a long time, but I had never seen anything like this. The guy had a telephone pole between his legs! I expressed my amazement and told him with a cock like that he should be doing pornos. He said he had been there, done that. Then he said that he was from Chicago as well, not far from where I was from, and had come out to LA to become a movie star. When his acting career had fizzled, he had become a cop instead.

I stroked his cock as he told me his story and before it ended I was treated to the sight of a truly incredible penis, standing tall and proud. One for the history books. Then he said "You're Magic Mouth, aren't you?" I had to admit that some people called me that, and then he told me that he had been looking for me for a while. I didn't need any further encouragement, and I bent down and licked a drop of pre-cum off the huge mushroom shaped head of his dick, and began running my tongue around the tip of the biggest cock I had ever seen.

I like to start with tongue action, and I lubed him up with my tongue from the base of his cock, near his balls, all the way to the tip. Every so often, I would put the head in my mouth for a second, before going back to licking his shaft again. He was slowly starting to moan, and I could tell he was getting into it. 

That's when I went for his monstrous balls. Taking first one, then the other into my mouth, I sucked on his balls hard, and then went back to licking up and down on his shaft. The preliminaries over with, it was time to get down to some hard sucking, and I grabbed hold of his shaft with my fist and squeezed, while I shoved as much of his cock down my throat as I could get.

At first it wasn't much. He was so thick; his cock took up my whole throat. But I am not one to give up easily, and with each thrust I took him just a little deeper, until after a few minutes, I was taking Mr. Huge Cock almost all the way down my throat. His moans grew louder and louder until he was practically shouting in the cramped confines of the cop car. It was a turn-on for me to hear a guy getting off this hard from my mouth, so I increased the suction until I was blowing him hard enough to rip the skin off his dick. He loved every minute of it, and he literally started screaming with pleasure.

It was then that I felt my mouth fill with his salty cream. I swallowed what I could, but a dick as huge as his puts out a lot of cum, and I am embarrassed to say that some of his load dribbled down my chin and onto his cock and balls. He was nonplussed about this, and reached under the seat for a towel, which I used to wipe off my mouth and his balls. He told me he kept it there for the vomit that inevitably wound up in his back seat on a normal patrol.

So in the end, it worked out okay. He didn't bust me; he busted a nut in my mouth instead. As he drove me back down to the beach, we didn't speak, but the feeling that something extraordinary had just happened hung in the air. When he let me out near the restroom where he had found me, I asked him when he would be around again. He said he didn't work again until Friday. I told him if he was interested, I would be around at the same place at 8 pm on Friday. 

After that first meeting, we met once or twice a week for the next six months. I found out that his name was Richard Walker, but he went by Rick. To this day, he had the nicest cock I've ever seen. During our time together, he expressed an interest in what I do, and I gradually taught him how to suck cock to the point that he eventually became nearly as good as I am. After a while I heard that he had quit the police force and become quite successful playing the lead role in some big money bisexual porn movies. I am not surprised. Officer Walker had one hell of a body, and one hell of a cock. He can bust it in my mouth any time.