 This story begins with a previous submission, "Caught!"

I woke up the next morning, having slept like a baby. Although the sex the night before didn't quite fulfill my fantasies, I was very satisfied with the turn of events. My wife did everything she could to make me happy and, for the most part, she did a great job. I really couldn't complain but I still wanted to get my hands and mouth on a hard cock.

My wife was in the kitchen making coffee.

"Hi, hon. Did you sleep well?" she said with her usual early morning cheeriness.

Now most of the time, I find her upbeat outlook a little too much first thing in the morning but there in front of me was the woman who worked very hard at making me happy the night before. If I wanted to continue in the right direction I had to be equally as cheery. 

"You were absolutely outstanding last night. If I didn't thank you then, I need to thank you now. Thanks!" I put my arms around her and gave her a big hug and a deep kiss, something I haven't done in years unless it was in the bedroom.

"It was my pleasure!"

We had our coffee together with what seemed to be a new beginning in our lives, or at least our sex lives.

The sex continued to be absolutely fabulous. Our pillow talk always included some of my fantasy about having sex with a guy. She was really good about that because she knew it heightened my excitement and the more excited I was, the better the sex was going to be for her. It was all good but I still had "the penis of Damocles" hanging over my head. I still wanted some dick.

A month had gone by and it was time to plan our winter vacation. We usually rented the same villa in St. Martin for a week or so every year where we could relax and read and fuck and just chill out. I liked to cook so renting a house allowed us to eat in a lot. Nothing like a dinner on the deck by candlelight with the Caribbean waves making beautiful music. Otherwise, we'd drive into Grand Case for gourmet dinners as good as anywhere on the planet. Right down the road from Grande Case is Orient Beach, one of the best nude beaches anywhere. We'd been to the nude beach once or twice but only as voyeurs. I thought that our next vacation should be a little bit different. I reserved a bungalow at Club Orient but I didn't tell my wife.

Another month passed and we found ourselves in the cab taking us to the airport for what I knew was going to be a spectacular vacation. My wife was all charged up about getting away from the harsh New England winter. She couldn't wait until we got off the plane at Princess Juliana Airport in St. Martin. I knew how she felt.

We landed in St. Martin without a problem. I napped for most of the flight so it didn't seem that long. As soon as I put my foot down on the tarmac getting off the plane and felt the 84o temperature, every bit of anxiety left my body. I looked at the big shit-eating grin on my wife's face and knew that her head was in the same place mine was. We got our luggage and headed for the rental car office. I always hated this part of a vacation. I was wasting away valuable chill time doing mundane things like picking up the rental car. I wanted to be at our destination. We finally got the car and we were on our way.

"This isn't the way to the house," my wife said with a little bit of annoyance in her voice.

"I know, I know. I have a surprise," I replied.

"A surprise, coming from you?"

I really wasn't one for spontaneity or surprises, particularly since I didn't like surprises myself.

Minutes later we were at the road that led into Orient Beach and Club Orient.

"What are we doing here?"

"Every year we rent the same house. I thought this year we could do something different. I rented a bungalow at Club Orient. Come on. Go with the flow. We're going to have an awesome time."

"But I've never been naked in front of anybody but you and my doctor. I don't know if I'm happy about this. I'm completely shaved, and, my body--"

"Neither have I. So what? We don't know anybody here and even if we did, they would be naked, too. So what's the big deal? Let's make the best of it. C'mon, we'll have a great time."

"Ok,ok. We'll go for the max!"

I liked her attitude. We checked in and we were brought to our bungalow. It was a freestanding cottage with a deck on the beach side with over-sized chairs and umbrellas. Inside, there was a kitchenette and sitting area and a bedroom with a king-sized bed. The bathroom had a large Jacuzzi and a shower big enough for 4-6 people. All in all, the accommodations were perfect.

"It's now or never!! Let's check out the beach." It was 85o and sunny. I stripped off my tee shirt and my shorts. I pulled off my g-string underwear and wrapped a towel around my waist. My wife took her top off and her shorts and was standing in front of me in a flimsy bra and pair of barely-there tiny panties. With a look of trepidation on her face, she took off her bra exposing her very impressive 34C breasts with 2" areoles and ½" nipples that were quite turgid. She pulled her panties down and kicked them across the floor.

"Are you happy now?" she asked with a tone that implied I was forcing her to do something she didn't want to do. I threw her a towel, which she wrapped, around her chest so her breasts were covered.

"No, no, no. We're here to uncover, not to cover up."

"I'll take it off when we get to the beach, OK?"

I grabbed her hand and we walked out onto the sand. We were only a few yards from the beach. We could see a bunch of people milling around near the beach bar and hundreds of people walking up and down the beach, or lying on blankets or lounges. There were two things in common with everybody we saw. They were naked and they were wearing sunglasses. After all, sunglasses are standard equipment on a nude beach. How else are you going to be able to check everybody out without staring?

As we stepped onto the beach, I took my towel off and threw it over my shoulder. There I was in all my glory. I had forgotten about the fact that I kept only a little landing strip above my dick. I looked around quickly and was immediately put at ease. Out there on the beach were guys that were completely shaved, guys with landing strips, and guys with full bushes. There were guys with no body hair and some guys that looked like bears. In other words, there was something of everything. Old and young, big thick dicks, long thin dicks, short dicks, cut and uncut, young and old. There were too many different ones and I was ready to look at every one of them. My wife was completely shaved. She certainly wasn't conspicuous. Almost every woman we saw, no matter what the age, was either fully shaved or had some kind of small landing strip.

Don't get me wrong. I love pussy, too. I especially love to eat out a good pussy The same thing could be said about pussies. Who knew that there were that many variations of vaginas? Bald as could be, landing strips in more shapes and sizes than imaginable. There were cunts with no lips showing, just cameltoes. There were cunts with big labia, both inner and outer, hanging out. There were women whose clits were enormous, looking like small penises. The number of piercings I saw shocked me. Nipple rings and barbells, vertical hood piercings, rings through the clitoral hood, multiple labia ornaments. Tattoos were in abundance as well. I wish my wife would get a piercing or two. Maybe a one nipple and a vertical clit hood.

We walked the beach holding hands, giving each other a squeeze when we saw something that excited us. I was impressed by the squeezing my hand was getting every time we walked by a really hot looking girl with big tits and a shaved pussy. She seemed very focused on women who were completely shaved. I, on the other hand, was giving her a squeeze when I saw a big hanging cock that was either trimmed or shaved. No matter what, we were both enjoying ourselves, my wife way more than she expected. Her nudity was definitely no longer an issue. I took a quick look at her pussy and her lips, which are always hanging out, seemed swollen, as if she was excited. My own cock was just a little chubbed up which I didn't mind at all. 

We walked all the way down the beach and back. The warmth of the sun on our bodies was so therapeutic. I asked my wife if she wanted to stop at the bar for a drink before we walked back to our bungalow. She agreed that a nice adult beverage would really hit the spot. We walked over to the bar where I ordered a couple of drinks. Everybody at the bar was smiling, having the time of their lives. I had some heavy eye contact with a guy at the bar, who looked like he was about my age, maybe a little younger. He had a naked woman at his side, so I could only fantasize about his reason for the lingering gaze. Maybe I would find out later. Before we left the bar, the guy gave me a wink. I responded with a little nod.

"Let's take our drinks and sit on our deck. We can do some more people-watching," I suggested to my wife.

Yeah, let's."

We made our way back to our bungalow, which was under a big palm tree. I welcomed the shade. There were a couple of comfortable chairs each big enough for two on the deck on which I spread our towels and we sat down. There was a little table in between the chairs with a candle on it. We put our drinks down. My wife reached over and gave me the type of wet kiss that said, "I'm really horny!!" 

"Thanks honey for bringing me here. Had I known that we were coming here when we were at home, I don't think I would have come. Now I see how sorry I would have been. I'm sorry that we didn't come here sooner."

The chairs were set a slight angle from each other, so I could see my wife's crotch. As she relaxed, her legs spread apart. Her pussy lips were stuck to her inner thighs so, with her legs spread, I could see the inside of her cunt and it was wet, very wet! At the bottom of her slit, her juice had pooled. It looked like there was at least a tablespoon of juice that was about to roll down over her asshole onto the chair. I couldn't let that nectar go to waste. I dropped to my knees and stuck my tongue right under that creamy dollop and sucked it right in. There were people walking by our cabana and I'm sure somebody saw my head between my wife's legs. I licked upwards and gave her swollen clit a quick suck. Before she could say anything, I was back in my chair. She had a huge smile on her face and I had her juice all over mine.

We sipped on our drinks and watched the people go by. The sun was starting to sink into the Caribbean. Our drinks were almost empty when I saw the guy with whom I had the eye contact walking towards our cabana. The woman with him, the one that was next to him at the bar, was a very attractive blonde, probably in her late 40's, with a rubenesque figure. She was very curvy, with a big set of tits. She had wide hips and her pussy was completely shaved. Her skin was tight. I don't think that there was a wrinkle on her. The bright gold hoops through her nipples and the hoop through the hood of her clitoris emphasized her deep tan. Each hoop had a gold chain hanging from it, about 2 inches long. The chain from the clit piercing rested in the slit between her puffy labia, an enjoyable characteristic that she shared with my wife. 

The man was in reasonably good shape for his age, about 5' 11" and 190 pounds. He wasn't muscular but there was no real flab on him. His skin was a deep tan and his cock was completely shaved, something he and I had in common. They were an attractive couple. Each had a captivating smile that made them very appealing. They looked like people you'd want to get to know.

"Didn't I see you down at the bar?" the man said. "My name is Jack, and this is my wife, Juli."

I was almost shocked at how forward he was in introducing himself and then I remembered his wink. I could tell that he was a man on a mission. Thank God for the sunglasses I was wearing. I couldn't take my eyes off his cock. It was beautiful.

"You guys look like you're new here. Maybe we can offer you some help in settling in."

I looked at my wife and I could see by the look on her face that she was very receptive to Jack's suggestion.

"That would be great. C'mon and sit down."

Jack and Juli stepped onto our little deck. Juli sat down next to my wife and immediately crossed her legs into a lotus position. It made for a great view. Her pussy lips were spread apart exposing the inside of her cunt which appeared to be very wet. Jack sat down next to me and put his hand on my knee.

"You know who we are but we don't know your names."

We introduced ourselves and gave Jack and Juli a quick background, you know, where we were from and what we did. The fact is, in a place like Orient Beach, it doesn't matter where you're from or what you did. All that matters is that your there. We sat and chatted about meaningless shit until we all realized that our drinks were empty.

Jack suggested that he and I could go gets some drinks and the girls could talk their "girl talk." My wife immediately responded that she could definitely use another drink. Juli agreed that another libation was in order. Jack and I headed down towards the bar, leaving the girls to become more acquainted.

"They look like they're becoming fast friends, don't you think?" Jack said with a big smile. 

"It seems that way," I replied.

"Is this your first time here? Well, if it is, you can have the time of your life. One of things that I've noticed is that everybody looks at everybody. You know what I mean? After all, half the people here are guys and they can't all be looking at just the girls. There's plenty of guys checking out other guys. They may be doing it for comparison and they may be doing it for interest. I know that I've come to appreciate the beauty of a nice looking cock. If I say anything that offends you, just let me know."

"So far, I'm not offended. I can understand completely what you're saying. I myself don't mind looking at a well-hung guy, knowing what he's going to be doing with his dick since I will probably be doing the same"

"You know, I got a sense that you and I had something in common. Anyway, my wife and I have been here many times and, when you take into consideration the ambiance of 'free spirit' that this place has, you find yourself willing to do things here that you would never do at home. Well, I really shouldn't say that because, sooner or later, if you like doing something here, you want to do it at home as well."

Jack was a talker. I really had nothing to say so I nodded in agreement and listened.

"The older I've gotten, the more curious I've become. It was a couple of years ago that Juli and I were here and we made the acquaintance of another couple, Matt and Melissa. We spent most of our vacation partying with them and most of the time we were well buzzed. One night we were all feeling no pain from the medicinal benefit of many doses of adult beverages. We were sitting outside and we were all naked. Matt and Melissa started making out hot and heavy. Juli and I sat there, at first a little stunned, but then we looked at each other, smiled, and decided to just relax and watch the show. They were really going at it. Matt had a good solid 7" erection, which Melissa was sucking on like there was no tomorrow."

"In all honesty, I was watching Matt more than I was watching Melissa. Evidently, she noticed that I was staring at her husband's equipment because she looked at me with a big smile, and asked me if I wanted a piece of the action. Juli put her hand on my back and gave me a gentle push forward. I didn't need her to tell me what she wanted to see. I got down on my knees and took Matt's dick in my mouth. It was the first time that I had a dick in my mouth, but it seemed so natural."

"The head was unlike anything I'd ever felt. I had the same piece of equipment and I know what makes me feel good. I used my tongue to slowly massage the glans and the frenulum. At the same time, I was tasting Melissa's saliva. I didn't have to worry about whether there was any pre-cum because she had certainly taken care of that. His balls were shaved and his pubes were trimmed really short. As I slowly toyed with the head of his penis, I took in his musky aroma. It was intoxicating. I could see myself on my knees sucking my first cock. Just the image of it made me rock hard. I was making love to his penis as if I was making love to my own. I had the head of Matt's cock in my mouth without a problem but I wanted more. I pushed my mouth down on him but could only get about 4" in before I couldn't take any more.

"I decided that I would concentrate on the head, as if I were concentrating on Juli's clit when I ate her out. I stroked the underside with my tongue, creating as much friction as I could. I sucked on it and went up and down, taking about 2" into my mouth. I did this with a steady rhythm until I felt the head swell slightly. One thing that was really good was that Matt didn't try to force-feed me his cock. He just let me do what I wanted to do. Nice and easy. With the great buzz I had going, I was totally focused on giving the best head I could. He gently tapped me on the shoulder and asked Yes or No? Without taking my mouth off his cock, I nodded in the affirmative. I know what Matt was asking. He wanted to know if he could cum in my mouth. The answer was a resounding yes. I wanted it all. If I was going to suck dick then I wanted to swallow cum!!

"Matt's hips started to move almost involuntarily as his orgasm began to build. I felt his dick pulsating and then, although I knew it was going to happen, I took my first shot of cum with a little bit of surprise. I tasted it for a second or two and swallowed it. No sooner was my mouth empty, two more spurts of cum filled my mouth. I kept sucking on him, waiting for whatever he had left. When he stopped cumming, I swirled his seed around my mouth to make sure I got every taste of it and then I swallowed his load. I got up and sat down next to my wife. Her face was flushed. I knew by looking at her that she was as excited as hell.

"Juli told me it was the hottest thing she'd ever seen. She put her hands on my cheeks, pulled me to her and stuck her tongue down my throat. Our tongues wrestled for a couple of minutes as we tried to devour each other. We separated and she told me how good I tasted. It was obvious that she was tasting Matt's cum. We were both so turned on from my new experience. We sat there looking at Matt and Melissa, our new friends. Melissa asked Matt if there was something he needed to do. Matt smiled, got up and knelt down in front of me pushing my legs apart. My dick was at half-mast as Matt took it in his mouth. This was the first blowjob I'd ever gotten from a man. My cock hardened up as Matt took the whole thing in. Here was a man with experience. He deepthroated my rod without any effort at all. Juli helped out by playing with my nipples as she watched Matt intently. It only took a couple of minutes and I blew my load down Matt's throat. There wasn't a drop of cum left in me. Matt looked up at me and smiled broadly. 

"Matt got up off his knees and sat down next to Melissa. She looked at him and opened her mouth, sticking her tongue out. Matt still had some of my cum in his mouth and he let it drip onto Melissa's tongue. She looked over at Juli and me and, with a big smile on her face, swallowed what Matt had deposited. The four of us just sat there and began to laugh. We were all in a state of euphoria. A new door had certainly opened for me. I really enjoyed giving head and certainly enjoyed getting it. It was all about the pleasure. We all knew from that moment that we were going to have a great vacation!!"

Jack's story had gone right to my crotch. I was all chubbed up from imagining the scene as Jack described it to me. Thank God the sun had gone down. My state of tumescence was at least shrouded by the darkness of evening. We got to the bar, ordered our drinks, and walked back to the cabana. I was fascinated my Jack's story and fantasized myself in the same situation. I told him that it was a great story and I could easily see how it could happen.
