 The car, my car… a silver porsche. I'd gotten it on my own. Earned every inch of leather in the interior, every fucking gleam on the chrome, every speed ticket, I'd earned the whole thing. My car. My best friend. Cute as fuck, better than the car and straight as pi in a monastery. The jock I'd been friends since high school didn't have a kinky bone in his whole damn beautiful body. He didn't want anime. He didn't get amused by the gay mags I'd left out for him to find. Still, he didn't mind living with a twink of a computer science major either. 

I was skinny geek of a computer science major, and he was my best friend, but I knew that something wasn't normal when I came home to find him leaning against the bathroom wall. Sexy bastard, naked and hard, pecs standing out from his chest like he was some fucking statue. The straight sex god and the gay virgin, what an essay that would make, I thought. "Lex?"

"Ned? Take off your pants." He said, smiling, his cock twitching just slightly, "I mislaid your car. So I thought maybe I could keep you entertained for a couple hours while it gets found."

"My pants? My car?" I asked, blinking, but he was moving towards me now. "You lost my car? My Porsche?" But his fingers were opening my pants and I was blushing. At 19, I'm not old enough to think about any car when my own cock is taking over my mind and the hottest guy at University is unbuttoning my pants. "Uhhhhh." 

How he moved so fast, getting me out of my pants, his fingers caressing my ass, like it was some secret thing he'd wanted to do.. I don't know. He was strong, I could feel it as my pants dropped, in his fingers as he took my hand and drew me into the bedroom… I was speechless, just stunned.. I thought he was straight.. a jock, and here he was leaning back, the lamp at his back and his hand on his cock. "You do want me, don't you, Ned? I've seen you watching me. Want a little lick of me? Might be your only chance."

OH fuck yes I wanted him! And I wanted to just reach out and tell him, touch him! Run my hands over his hard body and make him know how good it could be to be with a guy, to be with me! I wanted to kiss him, suck on those little nipples of his, hell, even stick my tongue up his ass, then my cock. I wanted him to be my first! I knew all about how to do it! To prep him, relax him, use some lube! Oh man! I needed lube and we were in my room.. so I fumbled it out of the drawer, the battered and used tube of ky. Blushing again, I almost hide it .. I didn't know that he wanted fucked or not.. but my own cock was jumping with impatience. "Lex, damn you're hot!"

"So you want me? You want to stick that cock of yours up inside me like I was a cheerleader or something?" He looked just a little vulnerable then. 

As I stood there with my ky tube in my hand I thought maybe I understood. With a sweaty palm, I reached out and touched his cheek softly, just the dry tips of my fingers. "I want to fuck you cuz you're all guy, hard and beautiful like some greek god. I want to fuck you cuz I want to hear you moan in pleasure. I wanna make you feel good. I'm gay. If you were cheerleader girl, I couldn't be hard like this for you."

He pushed away from the bed, coming up to stand close to me, so close our cocks touched. He was taller than me, and looking up at him, I felt odd being top for a moment, but fuck, he lost my car. "I haven't done anyone before, but I know how. It might hurt a little, but fuck, you lost my car, right?"

He nodded, his hand stroking his cock. "I've been bad, Ned. Do what you want to me, okay?"

"I'm not gonna spank you or anything, Lex, geeze." 

He was on his knees now, looking over his shoulder at me. "Think you might sometime?"

Fucking hell. As if I wasn't nervous enough as it was! I sat down next to him though and ran one hand over the smooth curve of his ass, tugged at the little black hairs. "Maybe, if you're good."

"Mmmm," he moaned, wiggling that little ass of his as if he really wanted this. "What do I do now? I'm not gonna bleed like some virgin in a romance novel?"

"No, I'm going to be real gentle." I said it as if I knew what I was doing, but then I had ky on my pointer finger. The muscles of his ass tightened as I moved my finger over them, puckery and soft. The skin wasn't like I'd imagined, it was softer, pinker, more vulnerable feeling. Slowly my finger sank into that ring of muscle. He was hot inside, and tight. I didn't think I'd get my cock up him ever, but he was moaning like he liked what I was doing. 

Two fingers fit okay and his body seemed to be adapting, wiggling and god I wanted him. "Hold still," I commanded though, my other hand taking his cock and holding it, stroking it. "You like this? My fingers up your ass, do you? I thought you were straight."

"Straight, yeah, I'm a man, oh, yeah, put one more in!"

Straight my ass. Er, his ass. So in went another finger, three fingers fucking the ass of my nice straight friend as he rocked between my fingers around his cock and my fingers up his ass. "I'm gonna put something bigger in you."

"Yeah, Ned, do me!" His voice was breathless and I wanted to kiss his shoulder, kiss his lips, taste him, but somehow I was afraid that'd make him feel girly, so I told myself to wait. Give him what he wants. 

I got myself coated and slick. It was a little late, to think of condoms, as the throbbing head of my cock pressed to his relaxed hole. It was still tight though, still virginal, and I pressed slowly forward, giving him time to invite me in… and I just had to ask. "You done lots of people before, Lex? Just want to be safe about this and god, I want you. I want to ram you, but god you so sexy."

"Never, I ain't done anyone, not even a girl. Ned, I ain't got nothing you can catch, ram me! Yeah, Oh come on! Get it over! Make me Gay!"

"I can't make you gay!" I moaned, his body welcoming me, so fucking slowly, hot and tight and it was like my brain was going to melt down. He enfolded me like some sheath made just for me, my balls touching his as we started to rock a little. He was whimpering though and I got afraid I was hurting him, so I held still, panting, one sweaty hand on his back. "Okay?"

"Oh fuck yeah! Yeah! Oh yeah!"

I might not have made him gay, but he wasn't straight either. We made good roommates there on out, and he found my car. Amazingly, he'd sent it out to get it cleaned and detailed all nice and tidy. I'd think he just wanted an excuse to get fucked. Every time my car's all clean now, I get a hardon. Maybe I always will.