 Chapter One 

I was sitting in my private reading room when they attacked. I looked up from my book and stared at the door, listening to the distant crashes and thuds. Not knowing what was going on beyond the closed door, I stood up from my chair and slowly made my way over to it. Cracking it open, I peeked through the opening to see pirates filling the halls. I gasped as I watched one thrust a sword through one of the servants. 

With a quick motion, I closed the door and locked it in place. I turned on my heel to look for something to keep the door shut. Spotting a nearby bookcase, I quickly ran over to it and began to push it over the door. I heard the door knob jiggle and angry shouts soon followed. I bit my lip and pushed harder, nodding to myself once the door was in place. 

The door and bookcase shook as the pirates began to bang on the door. I slowly backed away towards my chair, gripping the leather arm. Books began to fall off the shelves as the door shook violently against the case. Biting my lip harder, I managed to keep down a whimper of fear as the lock on the door broke and the bookcase fell to the ground. Two pirates charged into the room, swords raised and posed to strike. 

"Parley!" I shouted to them, quickly dropping to my knees and raising my hands up in the air. They stopped dead in their tracks, staring at me with confused looks. I repeated the word, this time with a confused tone myself. I wasn't sure if they were going to accept the word or not until a third pirate came up behind them. My heart raced in my chest as I realized who it was. 

"Ahh, the wee prince calls for a parley. How pathetic?" The third pirate said, a wide smirk on his face as he approached me. He had hair that was as dark as a starless sky and eyes as green as a fresh forest. He was lean and tall, not having much of a build to himself. But it was his reputation that scared me more than anything. He was the Captain of the Steppes. 

I swallowed down my fear and stared up at him, feeling my body tremble. I fought to control my muscles but they continued to shake and shiver. Cursing under my breath, I continued to keep eye contact with the Captain. 

"Y-yes... I call for a parley." I said, my voice quavering as I spoke. The Captain laughed at my stutter and stood before me. I was eye level with his crotch and I tried to keep the eye contact; I didn't dare break away. 

"Well, I'm here. What would you like to say?" He said, stooping down to one knee so he could look into my own blue eyes. He pushed a lock of my blonde hair out of my face and I felt my cheeks flush fiercely. His filthy hand touched my face. I wanted to spit on him but I refrained from the action. With much control, I chose my words carefully. 

"I wish to be left alone, and in return, I'll give you all of my wealth." I told him, my voice remaining strong. He stared at me with a calculating stare before his lips broke out into another smirk. 

"Well, that is a fine offer, but that's not what I want." He said. He then stood up and whistled to the other two pirates who were in the room. They nodded and ran to the door, picking it up off the ground and putting it back up in the doorway. They then stood against it to keep it up, facing their captain. He glanced back to see that they were in place before looking back down at me. His hand suddenly flew out and tangled itself in my hair, gripping it tightly. I yelped and winced, reaching up and grabbing his wrist. He forced my head back, looking down into my eyes. 

"I don't want your treasure, sweet prince. I want your body, the fairest form in the Steppes." He purred with an evil smirk. I stared up at him with tear-filled eyes, glaring hard at him. He only smirked and slapped me with his other hand. I yelped and fell back against the chair, letting go of his wrist and holding my cheek. He chuckled darkly and smacked my other cheek. 

"What's the matter, prince? Don't like that? Don't like being put in your place?" He asked me. I sniffled and slowly shook my head, glancing up at him nervously as I raised my hands to protect my face. He then tugged on my hair, making me crawl away from the chair. I winced as I moved across the floor, my cheeks flushing fiercely as I knelt before him in plain view of his fellow pirates. He looked over at them with a smirk. 

"What do you boys think? Should I break him now or on the ship?" He asked. I stared over them wide eyed as they said that now would be the best time to do it. I stared back up at him and quickly shook my head. 

"No! Please don't!" I pleaded with him. He only smacked my cheek again, soliciting another yelp from my lips. 

"Quiet you. I'm your Captain and you will do as I say, got it?" I growled and spit on his boots. I glared up at him and he sneered down at me. With a quick motion, he kicked me clean in the stomach. I groaned in pain and tried to double over. But he yanked me back up into a kneeling position. 

"Let's try this again. I am your Captain now, and you will do as I say. Understand?" He asked me, staring down at me intensely with those green eyes. I clenched my fists together and glared back at him. 

"Go to hell." I said, turning my head away. I heard him growl quietly as he kicked me again in the stomach. This time he let me fall back onto the floor. I curled up in a ball and held my stomach, whimpering in pain. Glancing up at him, I saw him shake his head in anger. 

"You will obey me." He said bitterly. And with that, he bent down and grabbed my hair again, this time pressing a flintlock to my forehead. I froze up, staring up at the gun in his hand. My body couldn't even tremble it was frozen in fear. His face split into a wide grin, knowing I would cooperate now. 

"Now, get on your knees like a good little prince." He told me. I stared at the gun a second longer before slowly pushing myself off the floor and kneeling before him. The flintlock never left my face. I gulped down my fear and stared up at him nervously. "Will you obey your Captain?" He asked. I noticed his finger was on the trigger and I knew he meant business. I nodded my head slightly, chewing on my lip. 

"Y-yes... I'll do anything. Just, please, don't kill me." I whimpered quietly. His fellow pirates chuckled in amusement and I glared over at them before looking back up at him. He grinned down at me, slowly pulling the gun away from my forehead. 

"What a good little prince you are. Now, I think it's time to break that beautiful body of yours." He said. He waved his gun for me to stand and I slowly did so, my cheeks flushed a deep red. "Now take off your clothes." He said. I opened my mouth to argue, but with one glance at the flintlock in his hand I stopped. With a single nod, I slowly took off my clothes, placing them on my reading chair. I then folded my hands in front of my crotch, feeling the blush redden my entire face and neck. The Captain watched and smirked. 

"That's a good boy. Now move your hands so I can see how average I've heard you are." He said. I didn't think his smirk could get any wider but it surprisingly did after his last comment. I glared hard at him as I slowly moved my hands away, looking away from him. One of the fellow pirates whistled and I felt tears of shame well up in my eyes. The Captain himself clicked his tongue in approval. I heard him step towards me and I turned my head to watch him. 

The flintlock was back in its holster. Instead, a metal collar was in his hands. I bit my lip hard but stayed still, allowing him to clip it around my neck. I winced as it clicked in place and he tugged on it to make sure it was secure. A chain leash was attached to the front of it, making sure I couldn't go far from his side. With a rough tug, I stumbled forward, feeling my bare body brush against his. I shivered at the contact and tried to step back, but his hold on the leash was too tight. 

"Be a good little prince and kiss your Captain." He said in an almost seductive whisper. I stared up at him wide eyed and shook my head. He tugged me closer, making me whimper softly. I shook my head again, pleading him not to make me. 

"Fine then. I'll just let my boys have their way with you. Can't you see how excited you make them?" He said, glancing over at his fellow pirates. I followed his eyes and saw both of them had slight lumps in their pants. I squeezed my eyes shut and clenched my fists together. I didn't want to be with them but I didn't want to be with him either. With a second longer of inner conflict, I turned my head and kissed his lips quickly, barely making contact with his skin. He only shook his head. 

"No, no. That won't do. Kiss me like you want me, prince. You have to make it believable." He shot me a fake smile. I stared up at him pleadingly before tenderly kissing his lips, squeezing my eyes shut again. I hated the way my lips felt against his, no matter if it sent a jolt down my spine. He embraced the kiss and held my body close against his own. The fellow pirates whistled and cheered us on. I felt a tear escape my eyes. I couldn't believe this was happening to me. 

I ended the kiss a second later, sniffling as I looked away from him. He roughly grabbed my chin and forced me to look up at him. His face still held harshness as he got close to me, staring deep into my eyes. I shivered slightly and gripped his shirt. I could feel his erection through his pants. I had a feeling what was coming next but I inwardly prayed that it wouldn't. 

"On your knees, prince." He said softly. I slowly shook my head, gripping his shirt tighter. 

"No, please don't make me do this... I'm not gay..." I pleaded with him. He only grinned wider. 

"Good, neither am I." Was all he said before he forced me down onto my knees, my face level with his erection. A jolt went through my spine as I stared at the outline wide eyed. I couldn't believe how large it was; it was bigger than my own. He loosened the chain slightly, giving me some slack. 

"Go ahead, prince. It's ready when you are." He said. I could feel his leer as I chewed on my bottom lip. With hesitant hands, I reached up and slowly loosened his belt. I noticed my hands were shaking as I carefully pulled down his pants. Watching my hands, I tried not to stare at his cock as it sprang free of his pants. I let his trousers fall down around his ankles, my eyes slowly looking up. I felt my skin tighten as I stared at his cock, my blue eyes growing wide. It was huge, it was tan, and it was mine. I stopped for a moment, wondering why my mind thought that. But I couldn't wait to ponder it, for a hand had enclosed on the back of my head and was forcing me towards the swollen member. 

I felt it press against my closed lips and I shuddered at the feeling of it against my skin. My mind screamed for me to bite him but I knew that wouldn't be wise at all. I hesitantly licked the top of it, squeezing my eyes shut. I tried to ignore the fellow pirates as they cheered me on, but I just couldn't do it. I sat back and shook my head. 

"I can't..." I said, glancing up at him. I received a rough slap across the cheek, yelping in pain. Looking up at him nervously, I shook my head again. "P-plea-" I didn't even get the full word out before he slapped me again. The Captain then grabbed my jaw and forced my mouth open. With a quick thrust, his cock filled up my mouth. I coughed and mumbled around his cock. He only smirked and held my head in place. His cock slid back and forth over my tongue, rubbing in its salty taste. I shuddered and sat still, squeezing my eyes shut. His erection throbbed inside my mouth and I hated its taste. I just wanted to bite it and spit it out of my mouth. But to do that would certainly mean death, or worse... 

So I sat still as he continued to thrust into my mouth. I eventually looked up at him, staring at his flushed face. His head was tilted back and it looked like he was genuinely enjoying himself. I grinned for only a second before I remembered that this wasn't consensual. He then groaned into the air, his thrusts picking up pace. It solicited a groan of my own, and I realized that I was aroused. I quickly covered my erection, but one of the other pirates had noticed it. Notifying the Captain, the thrusting man stopped for a moment and yanked his throbbing cock out of my mouth. I gasped for air, coughing softly. 

"Move your hands, prince." The Captain commanded. His face was hard with seriousness and I shuddered under his stare. I slowly did as he asked, revealing my own throbbing cock. His smirk slowly returned to his face and he shook his head. "What a naughty prince we have here. He loves sucking big cock, don't you?" He teased, as his smirk grew wider than ever. I blushed deeply and looked down at the floor, trying to ignore the jeers and laughs of the fellow pirates. My eyes filled up with tears of shame once again and I just wanted to curl up in a ball and die. But the Captain made sure that didn't happen. 

"Jack off as you suck, prince." He said to me before sticking his cock in my face again. I stared up at him before slowly taking his erection in my mouth, this time sucking softly as he began to thrust. I wanted this to be over as soon as possible, even if that meant pleasuring him to his orgasm. I slowly wrapped a hand around my cock and rubbed over it like he said, not wanting to get in any further trouble. 

I heard him groan as I continued to suck on his cock, naturally matching my rubbing to his thrusts. I sucked slightly harder, closing my eyes. Another groan could be heard from him as his thrusts quickened. I rubbed faster over my own erection, groaning around his cock. I could admit, he did taste fairly well and I began to want more. I slowly swallowed more of his cock, taking half of it in my mouth as I rubbed as fast as I could over my member. The Captain groaned loudly and his cock exploded with cum, filling my mouth with the hot liquid. I gasped and swallowed half of the load on accident. I coughed around his cock as my own erection erupted with cum. 

"Swallow it all, prince." The Captain said, his intense eyes watching me. I trembled and whimpered before slowly swallowing the rest of his cum. The salty liquid slowly slid my throat, making me shiver. He nodded approvingly and pulled his cock of my mouth. 

"That's a good prince." He patted my head before pulling up his pants and tightening his belt. With a tug of the leash, he pulled me up to my feet and led me over to the door. 

"It's time to take you home, prince." The Captain said with a smile before leading me out the door and to my new home. 

Chapter Two 

I was lead through the desecrated halls of my palace, shown horror after horror in the hallways. Banners had been torn apart from the walls. Servants lay in pools of their own blood on the floor. Somewhere else, the smell of fire and smoke permeated the air. I held back a gag as I passed by a raped maid, her body stripped of clothes and bruises covering her back and face. The Captain only smirked and pushed me on, showing me the open courtyard of the castle. 

Guards and soldiers lay everywhere in the open yard, all of them dead or dying. Their bodies were bloodied from battle and their weapons had been taken. It made me sick to think of how helpless we were against these scoundrels. And in the center of the courtyard perched an airship, its air sac full and ready to take off. 

"Hurry up, prince, or else you'll be left behind for the stragglers." The Captain said, tugging on my chain leash. Images of the raped maid filled my mind and I didn't want to end up like her. I quickly followed after the lean pirate, keeping my hands over my crotch. 

A gangplank waited for us at the port side. It seemed to be beckoning for us to board. The fellow pirates climbed aboard first, then the Captain, and I followed last. As I stepped foot on the deck of the ship, I could feel dozens of eyes on me. I bit my lip and glanced around, realizing all of the pirates were staring at me. There must have been at least twenty of them. My skin tightened in fear and I wanted to throw up. But I kept control of my body and stood rigidly by the gangplank. 

I glanced over at the Captain and saw that he was flaunting me like a trophy. His hands were outstretched towards me and seemed to be beckoning me towards him. I took a cautious step near him, wincing when his hands enclosed on my shoulders and pulled me close to his body. 

"Gentlemen! I want you all to welcome the Prince of the Steppes to our lovely ship." The Captain said loud and clear to his men. They all replied with a mighty cheer and applause. I flushed fiercely, pressing my hands tighter over myself. I wouldn't dare let them see me completely naked. 

"Now, I want you all to be on your best behavior around the prince, understood? One hand out of place and you'll be dropped from this ship so quickly we won't have time to hear you scream." The Captain continued, looking at every single face in the crowd. They all nodded collectively, bellowing out a "Yes, Captain!" He grinned and nodded before dragging me over to his cabin, slamming and locking the door behind him. 

I stumbled into the center of the room, looking around nervously. There was a large bed nailed into the floor along with a rollover desk sitting beside it. A large bay window looked out the stern of the ship, giving a clear view of the Steppes. Besides the window was a wall adorned with chains and shackles. I blushed at the sight of it, not wanting to know what it was used for. 

There was a thunderous noise outside the door and the ship began to slowly take off from the ground. I stumbled again and fell onto the bed, my ass sticking out in the air. A sudden hand enclosed on a cheek and squeezed hard, making me yelp in surprise and pain. I quickly stood up and turned to see the Captain standing close to me, a smirk on his face. 

"What's the matter, prince? Don't tell me that pretty little ass of yours has never been broken before, has it? It would be a tragedy to tear it up." He said with an evil grin, stepping ever closer to me. I leaned back against the bed, trying to get out of reach of him. But it wasn't enough. He grabbed me by the throat and yanked me close to him. 

"Are you a virgin or not?" He asked, his face hardening into a serious glare. I whimpered as I clutched at his wrist, slowly nodding my head yes. He smirked again and threw me back onto the bed. "I thought so. You looked too tight to be a royal slut." I flushed in anger at the last comment. I quickly sat up on the bed and tried to leap at him, but received a fist to the cheek. I fell to the ground, feeling his foot collide with my stomach again. I yelled out in pain, holding my stomach and rolling up into a ball. I looked down at myself to see a large black bruise forming on my abdomen. I whimpered and stared at up him pleadingly. 

"I'm s-sorry..." I stammered out. He only nodded his head and yanked on the chain, pulling me to my feet. 

"Oh, I know you are, prince. And you'll be crying when I tear your ass in half, too." He grinned evilly as he pushed me back against the shackled wall, chaining my wrists above my head. I yelped and squirmed around against the wall, trying to break free. 

"Let me go!" I shouted out, thrashing against the wall. His hand enclosed on my throat again, and I stopped moving. He chuckled and dragged his fingernails down my throat and over my chest. 

"What's the matter, prince? Don't you like it rough?" His smirk grew wider as he saw my once flaccid cock start to grow hard. "Well, well, I'd say that you do. Maybe you'll like this, too." He said, before pushing two of his fingers into my mouth. I gasped and coughed, resisting the instinct to bite. The Captain wiggled his fingers around before taking them out of my mouth. He then reached down and pushed my legs open wide. I watched him nervously as he pressed them both against my entrance, his green eyes watching my face the whole time. 
