 Working as an accountant at a large company has it's drawbacks. My workspace is small. The work I do can be routine. The more routine the work, the longer the days seem to be and the smaller the workspace can get. But I've always been good with numbers, and after graduating with honors from college I landed a great job doing what I love to do. At least that part of my life fulfilled my expectations.

The part of my life that was alone with no one to share it with did not. I've never been the kind of guy that women were drawn to. I'm 5'10, and a slim 160. Not feminine by any means, but not the prototypical stud that made women say 'I want him now!' Turns out they say "I want him as a friend.' Which is OK with me. I'm lucky to have some very good lady friends, and one in particular is my best friend.

Maggie works in the personnel department at the same company I do. As with many employees I met her on my first day. One of her responsibilities is to make sure new staff members get a proper orientation to the facility. I spent an hour that day with Maggie as she gave me the dime tour, and we hit it off as friends. She is a beautiful 38 year old redhead, but I never thought of her in a romantic context. Turns out I never would have had a chance. Her husband left her and their 2 kids for another woman. Maggie got to retain custody of the children, even after she started a relationship with a woman herself. Maggie and her girlfriend Penny have been together for 8 years now, and when I need someone to talk to Maggie is there for me.

As luck would have it I get to talk to her every day at lunch. Our company sets up lunch breaks in staggered groups, so that not everyone is out to lunch at the same time. We also have a great cafeteria. Say what you want about cafeteria food, but ours makes us want to stay and ask for seconds. It's also a great place to meet your co-workers and make new friends. 

I usually made it there before Maggie because my little cubicle is closer than her office. I was sitting at our usual table when Maggie arrived. I spotted her across the room and waved her over. "Hi Maggie. How's life in the Personnel Department?"

Maggie just smiled. "Same old same old." I ask he the same question every day and she gives me the same answer every day. Just then Linda from the sales department joins us. It's bad enough that I can't find a girlfriend, but now I'm sitting with a lesbian in a committed relationship and the company flirt who would give me the time of day, then just walk away.

Linda may not be interested in me, but she is a nice lady. And is always cordial. "Hi Maggie. Hi Ryan. How are you doing today?" We both gave her a quick recap of our day, and we settled into a nice conversation on what we have been up to lately. By the time we were ready to leave Linda brought up her favorite subject-Men.

"Maggie, did you get to meet the new guy in IT today? I saw him in the hallway and he is sooo cute." Maggie started to laugh. Linda gave her a quizzical look. What's so funny?" Maggie shook her head and said "you're out of luck there Linda. He would be more interested in Ryan than you." For once Linda was speechless on the subject of guys. Finally she blurted out a response. "He's gay. What a waste." Linda got up to leave as Maggie and I shared a smile.

We were getting up to leave ourselves when Maggie spotted him. "There's the object of Linda's disaffection." I turned and saw him and even though I've never noticed another guy's looks it was caught by his. Maggie started to wave her hand. "Kyle, over here." He stopped and changed direction. Maggie took care of the introductions. "Kyle, I'd like you to meet Ryan, one of or ace accountants." I put my hand out to shake his. "Nice to meet you Kyle." Kyle shook mine and smiled. "Nice to meet you Ryan." We shook hands for a little longer than normal, and Maggie took notice. She then chimed in. "I'll see what I can do to change your lunch break so that you can join us." Kyle smiled and replied "I'd like that. Thanks."

Maggie and I left the cafeteria and headed to the elevator. We got in and were alone. She asked me a question that I never saw coming. "Ryan, have you ever been with another man?" I was taken aback, but knowing Maggie there was a purpose to her directness. "No, I haven't.' The door opened and I got off at my floor. On the way out she said "Ryan, that might change soon."

The rest of the day all I could thin about was what Maggie said, and about Kyle. Was I attracted to him? Was I obvious about it? I've never been attracted to another man. But then again I've never had much luck with women either. My first girlfriend was Kate, back in high school. I was on the track team, running distance races from 800 meters to 3200 meters. Kate also ran track, but excelled in the field events. We became best of friends and later romantically involved. We took each others virginity, and made love to each other on many occasions throughout our senior year. But Kate headed out to the West Coast for college, and I stayed in the Midwest. We keep in touch, and remain great friends, but our relationship settled into best pals and never became romantic again.

In college I was intimate with 2 other girls there, but both times it was just a one nighter. There was lust, but no passion. Empty sex. And looking back it turned me off starting a relationship with anyone and led me to concentrate on my studies. I combined my major in accounting with success on the track and graduated with honors. But success without anyone to share it with is a hollow victory, and now it seems like there might be someone out there who at the very least has caught my eye. But could I give my heart to another man? I pondered that question the rest of the day. And I kept thinking back to something Maggie told me a while ago. When I asked her once how she got involved with Penny, she told me that you fall in love with the person, not the gender. If you meet the one for you, you just know.

The rest of the week I got a glimpse of Kyle in the cafeteria. I was heading out and he was coming in. And every time I saw him I became more attracted. He is a sight. About 6'2, a solid 190 I'd say. Blonde hair and deep blue eyes. The looks that I always wish I had. The looks that make women swoon. And the looks that I'm finding out makes men change their ways. But I'm finding out something that is making my life even more complicated. Attraction to another man is something I never thought I would find myself facing. Now I'm finding out that how to approach another man is even tougher. Approaching a woman was difficult. A man as beautiful as Kyle...I'll have to figure something out or go out of my mind with desire.

Turns out I didn't have to. I got an unexpected assist from Maggie on two fronts. On Friday I settled into my chair for lunch and the next thing I knew I heard his voice. "Mind if I join you?" I heard Kyle over my shoulder. "Not at all." I motioned for him to join me. I couldn't take my eyes off of him, nor could I believe how lucky I was. The first man I had ever felt any sort of attraction to, and he was wanting to sit with me. But the strange part of the situation was that I felt comfortable around him. No nervousness, and no doubts. I feel that if this had been a beautiful blonde woman that I would be sweating and stammering to the point where she would get up and leave. I felt nothing like that around Kyle.

"How do you like it here" I asked. Even though I felt very comfortable around him, it was still all that I could manage. "It's great. And Maggie has been more than helpful getting me settled. The two of you must be great friends. She talks about you all the time.

"Really. Anything she didn't swear you to secrecy that you care to pass along?"

"Just that you are a great guy. And that you like to run. Is there a good place to go for a jog around here? I'm still getting unpacked and haven't had a chance to check out the area."

"Jackson Park is great. About 2 miles around and well shaded."

"You wouldn't mind some company, would you? Although from what Maggie told me I don't think I could keep up with your pace over a distance like that."

"It is a public park, and there are plenty of places to stop and take a break if you need it. I'll be heading out there at 8 in the morning tomorrow. You are more than welcome to join me."

"Thanks. I'll take you up on that."

We spent the entire time on our lunch break talking about everything. He told me how he wound up here. How his last boyfriend, who he lived with for just over a year, had just gotten up and left. No reason. Just a note saying he needed some space. Kyle decided that he needed a fresh start, and that the IT position here was what he was looking for. One thing in particular was that this was one of the more gay friendly companies in the US. Generous domestic partner benefits and a comfortable workplace for gays and lesbians. It was one of the first things he brought up to Maggie during his orientation, and that's how she found out he was gay so quickly. I never had reason to think of this place along the lines of being gay-friendly, but there was never any ill will towards minorities of any kind. It was then that I learned to appreciate my job here even more. 

After work I stopped to grab a bite to eat, read the newspaper and went for a walk. I have no idea how long I was out because all I could think about was Kyle. When I got home I jumped in the shower, still thinking about what my life was about to become. I was starting to accept that I was gay. I was attracted to Kyle, and wanted to explore a relationship with him. As much as a friendship was great, I wanted more. I wanted him. I wanted to love Kyle, and to have him love me. I also knew that a sexual relationship was something I was not familiar with, and on that front I would have to play it out and see what happens. I stripped out of my clothes, and climbed in to shower. The hot water felt wonderful, and I was getting hot myself. I felt my cock become erect. Knowing that my 6 inches were now going to belong to another man. I thought of Kyle, how I wished he were here with me. Our bodies against each other. His cock pressed against mine. His arms holding me close. Our lips sharing a kiss only lovers share. Then I came. A shattering orgasm that nearly brought me to my knees. It was then that I realized that I had not been stroking my cock. That I came thinking solely of Kyle. No woman had ever brought me to climax like that. I was gay and I loved Kyle. I could only hope he would feel the same about me. 

Saturday morning rolled around and I arrived at the park. Kyle was right behind me. I got out of my car and saw him get out of his. I waved and called over to him. "Ready to go?" Kyle returned the wave and replied "Let's go." My fantasy in the shower did not compare to the reality of seeing him now. Baggy shorts but I could see that his legs were very toned and muscular. A tank top was showing enough chest that I could tell he was just as solid above the waist. My was getting hotter for him all the time, but now was the time for running. 

I am still an excellent long distance runner, and I knew Kyle would have a tough time keeping up. So I intentionally slowed the pace and our stops were at a minimum. When we finished it was time for a cool down and nice leisurely walk, which gave us time to talk some more. He asked if I was a sports fan, and I have always been. Doesn't really matter which sport. I'll watch just about anything. Especially baseball. And his next statement was music to my ears.

"I'm going to the game tonight and if you want to join me I'd love it."

"Sounds great to me. Do you already have tickets?"

"No. I was going to get them at the window. Play it by ear. What do you think?"

"I think it sounds like a great way to spend a Saturday night."

"Terrific. Game starts at 7. Meet you by the ticket window at 6:30 then."

"It's a date." Kyle smiled and walked to his car. The sweat was causing his shorts to cling to his ass, and it was mesmerizing. I began to wonder what would happen tonight.

I went home and showered. And once again thought of Kyle. This time I had the image of his sweat soaked shorts framing his perfect ass, and I had to stroke my cock. I could not believe how hard I got, and I came in no time at all. I gathered myself and finished the shower. I got out and looked at myself in the mirror. I could see why women were not attracted to me physically. But I never thought of myself as feminine in any way. But I could see myself in that role with Kyle. A bottom, I believe the term is. In one week I went from a lonely straight man who couldn't get a woman for anything to a gay bottom in love with another man. But I feel more at ease with myself in this role than before, and acceptance of who I am now is making my life more enjoyable.

When I got to the ballpark I spotted Kyle sitting on a bench nearby. I was wearing my jersey and cap, and he was wearing his. Now I know why he wanted to go to this game. His favorite team was playing, and mine was as well. Turns out they were not the same team.

"Looks like we have something to argue about now, don't we?" Kyle said with a smile.

"Looks that way indeed ." I replied. "Let's get our tickets."

We walked to the ticket window and found 2 seats just over the right field wall. We spent the time talking about baseball. Who our favorites were. What the manager should be doing. Why these guy kept swinging at bad pitches. We shared a couple of beers, burgers, hot dogs and nachos. I do believe that we both ate way too much. Next time we'll have to run an extra mile. By the end of the game, and a victory for my beloved squad, I had the best time I could remember and we headed for the exit. Since it was only 10 in the evening I was hoping the night could last a little longer.

"Any plans for the rest of the evening?" I asked.

"Going home and soaking in the tub. You ran my legs ragged today."

I'm sure Kyle saw the look of disappointment on my face.

"But if I were up to it I would hit the town with you."

That was what I needed. Kyle to show some interest in me. And I'm sure my smile showed that I was interested in him, I he didn't already know. I was hoping we could continue tonight, but I'd settle for later. Then Kyle asked me "How about this coming Friday? I'm going to be busy installing software all week and hitting the town that night would be a great was to unwind."

"I was going out with Maggie and Penny for dinner that night. I'm sure they would mind a fourth but I'll ask. Is that OK?" 

"Sounds good to me. I'm sure Maggie has some interesting stories to tell on you. I'm sure we'll run into each other in the cafeteria. Just let me know what the plans are for the night."

"I'll get in touch with Maggie and let you know."

We didn't even say goodbye. We just looked at each other for what seemed like an eternity. A look that said 'we'll be together in our hearts tonight.' A look I've never seen before, and never given to anyone either.

I stopped by Maggie's office Monday morning. She was as busy as ever, but no one was as organized as her. She spotted me in the doorway and didn't miss a beat. "How's it going Ryan? Have a good weekend?" 

"I had a great time. Went running with Kyle Saturday morning and then to the ballgame that night. Most fun I've had in a long time."

Maggie just smiled. A smile that was telling me she had some hand in it, somehow.

"What's up Maggie? What have you done now?"

"Nothing much. Just gave nature a little nudge."

"What do you mean, a little nudge?"

"After that day when Kyle first met you he asked me later in the day about you. He thought you were handsome and very nice, and he asked if you were gay."

"What did you tell him?"

Maggie finally stopped in her tracks. "I told him you were straight, but that he had caught your eye somehow. Kyle said that he got the same vibe from you, and that he hoped you were attracted to him."

I was speechless. Kyle was interested in me as much as I was in him. All I could do was smile.

"What did you do after the game?" She asked. 

"He was worn out still from the jog earlier and went home. He wanted to know if I was free Friday night and I told him that I was going out with you and Penny. You wouldn't mind if he joined us, would you?"

"Not at all.' Maggie replied. "Maybe we could find a more intimate setting for a double date dinner than what we had planned.

"You pick out the restaurant, and I'll let Kyle know when and where."

I turned to leave her office and stopped. I spun around to face Maggie. "By the way, I'm not straight. I am gay." I just came out to my best friend, and I knew my life would never be the same. Maggie looked at me and said "It's liberating, isn't it?" 

"Yes, it is." I felt like a new man with a new life, looking to spend it with the love of my life. Two weeks ago I would have never thought that my love would be another man.

Once again I faced a week of anticipation. Wondering what was going to happen between Kyle and I. I got to briefly chat with him in the cafeteria, and I can't remember ever smiling that much. It was after one of those brief interludes that I caught myself admiring his body. It seemed to be firmer and better looking than what I remembered. Then it occurred to me that I didn't care if anyone knew that I was attracted to Kyle. If someone were to say anything I'd just tell the that I was gay and that they must be jealous. Now I couldn't wait for the final chapter of my new life to unfold. With any luck I was going to make love to another man. Or more specifically, he was going to make love to me. I never felt my cock get so hard so fast, and the precum was flowing. Friday couldn't get here fast enough.

Friday night finally arrived and I approached the restaurant Maggie picked. A nice little Italian place that I have visited before. Turns out I was the last to arrive. Kyle was talking to Maggie and Penny, and all three were laughing. I walked up and I had to ask.

"What's so funny?

Kyle looked at me with a grin that looked like he caught the canary.

"They were telling me a few Ryan stories."

"Nothing too embarrassing, I hope." I was starting to feel like I was the butt of more than one joke here.

"Not at all." Maggie replied. She got up and gave me a hug. "How are you doing tonight, Ryan?"

"Hungry." I looked at Kyle and smiled. Penny caught the look and walked towards me.

"It looks like you are." Penny answered. "But dessert is later. Let's get our table.

The four of us continued telling stories. I got in a few zingers on Maggie and Penny. A little revenge for what they told Kyle when I wasn't around. Dinner was magnificent and the wine was a great way to loosen up and nervousness I might have had left in me. We finally finished and it was time to go our separate ways. I knew Maggie and Penny were going to a dance club. I was hoping for a nice quiet night with Kyle. See what might happen. I got my wish when the ladies left.

"I live about 2 blocks from here. Wanna head back to my place?" Kyle asked.

"Sure." I answered. "Did you drive or walk?"

"I walked. Figured I could walk off dinner on the way home. If you want to leave your car here I'm sure it would be safe. The police station is about a half mile the other way."

"Then we'll walk." We started towards Kyle's place and along the way our hands touched, and then our fingers became intertwined. Walking hand in hand with Kyle felt so right I couldn't wait for what was to come next.

We arrived at his townhouse and he lead me in. "Like a nightcap?" Kyle asked.

"Thank you. I'll have a beer, if you have one."

"One beer, coming right up."

Kyle brought the beers for me and himself, and we settled on the couch. Kyle sat in the corner, and when I joined him he put his arm around me. It felt so good to be held by him, and I realized what I was missing in my life. He kicked off his shoes, and I did the same. When he took off his socks I noticed that his toenails were painted a bright red. It was something I didn't expect, and Kyle sensed the same.
