 Disclaimer: X-rated; This story, though factual has been slightly modified. It was a long time ago and it needed to be beefed up a bit if you know what I mean.

All and any responses welcome.

* * * * *

It was the summer of my eighteenth year. I lived in a rural area of South Ontario. There was only one other guy my age to hang out with. That was Bernie, a chubby shy guy that just moved into the area a few months before summer vacation started. We got to be pals and explored the area together.

One summer weekend we came across an old abandoned rock quarry. At one end was a spring fed pond about four feet deep. We made plans to camp out as soon as we got enough time off of our summer jobs. The next Saturday morning we set off with our gear in tow for a night in the wilderness.

We set our tent up near the pond where a couple of stunted trees gave off a little shade. Ate our lunch and headed for a swim. After about an hour of playing in the water, Bernie went to the cooler he lugged to the quarry and came back with a couple of beers and a mason jar filled with whiskey that he stole from home.

Shortly after half the jar and a beer each we both felt a little drunk. I went to piss by were the pond drained. Bernie came up beside and relieved himself. I noticed that he kept peeking at my cock and strangely I started to get excited. I don't know why but a plan instantly formed in my mind. I got brave and let my shorts slip to my ankles making it look kind of accidental giving Bernie a good look.

"Hey, ever go skinny-dipping?" I asked.

Bernie shook his head no. He looked a little embarrassed, so I just stepped away from my shorts and jumped into the pond. It took about ten minutes of coaxing to finally get Bernie to rid himself of his own shorts. He turned his back to me in the water so I couldn't see his penis.

I sat up on the rock ledge that was about six inches from the surface of the water so that Bernie had a good view whenever he choose to. Which he did quite often and ever time I caught him looking at my cock it got a little harder.

Finally Bernie's curiosity won out over his embarrassment and he asked," How big does it get?"

"A little bit more when I jerk off," I answered," Let me see how big is yours?"

Bernie turned red and grabbed the jar for a swig. I held out my hand and he brought it over giving it to me.

"What's jerking off?" He said in shy voice.

While I took a swig I could see him staring openly at growing erection.

"Haven't you heard about masturbating?"

"Yeah, at school. But I don't know how." He said turning redder.

"Like this." I said and started to stroke my cock in front of his wide-eyed stare.

After about five minutes of slowly stroking my cock I suggested that we move to the tent and spread our sleeping bags on the ground in the shade. That's when I got a chance to see his penis. I could see why Bernie was shy about it. His penis was only about three inches long, but appeared to be almost as wide as it was long.

We sat facing each other while I continued to stroke my hard-on trying not to get over excited to soon. I was struggling, trying to find a way to have an excuse to touch Bernie's little hard-on. I was amazed by it for some reason and though I never thought about having sex with another guy before. It was all I could think about at that moment. I wanted to touch it, stroke it and I wanted to feel what it would be like to suck on it.

Hoarsely Bernie asked," Can I try it?"

"Sure why not?" I replied.

I almost came when Bernie reached out to touch my cock. I was momentarily in shock by his boldness. I thought he meant to jerk himself off and I could feel that much closer to my goal.

I reached over and grasped his penis with my fingers as Bernie wrapped his hand around mine and started to slowly stroke each other. I closed my eyes and reveled in the ecstasy of the moment. I could hear Bernie's breathing accelerate and he began to twitch. His little cock throb a few times and I felt his semen splatter against my palm pushing me over the edge and cumming myself. My first spurt hit Bernie right in his open mouth surprising him and making him gag. We both laughed, I brought my hand to my mouth and tasted his seed, licking my palm clean before reaching back to hold and stroke it again. Neither of us let go and we both soon sported a fresh hard-on.

"I never felt anything like that before," Bernie stated," it felt really good. I'd like to do again."

"I thought we were." I said laughing.

We kept on stroking each other this time neither of us felt the same urgency as we did the first time. After about ten minutes I managed to get the nerve to ask Bernie if he wanted to try something else.

"Sure," he said eagerly." What, is there something else we could do to feel that way again?"

"We could suck each other off." I supplied.

"But wouldn't that make us queers?" He asked.

"Some people might say we already are," I explained," But what nobody knows is just between us."

"You swear to that?" He asked suspiciously.

"Yeah man," I said," I don't want anybody to know anymore than you do. Our secret."

I spit on my palm and held it out for him to shake and he did the same. I felt a rush of excite surge through my body as our handshake sealed our bargain.

"Who goes first?" Bernie asked.

" We could flip for it, or just do at the same time." I suggested.

"At the same time, how?" he looked stumped.

"Lay on your side," I suggested, positioning his leg bent at the knee so that his legs were spread, " Now I do the same in the opposite direction from you and just do what I do."

I looked at the first cock I was about to suck. I felt Bernie's hand grip mine as I gripped his. I shook with excitement as my tongue and shortly after Bernie's tongue made contact with each other's penis for the first time. I sucked his entire cock into my mouth and squeezed his hair-less balls as he reciprocated.

Within moments I felt his breathing increase and his body tense as he ejaculated in my mouth. I savored his seed, it tasted slightly bitter but I sucked up as much as I could. Feeling my own excitement mounting as Bernie's mouth bobbed up and down and sucked on as much of my cock into his mouth as he could until I came. I felt him gag on me a couple of times, but he managed to maintain until I stopped shooting off. I still hadn't stopped mouthing on Bernie's fat cock. I kept swirling my tongue around the head of his penis, as it grew soft. Every once in awhile I'd hit a certain spot and it would make him quiver and he was doing the same to me. We kept sucking and licking until I felt him growing hard once again. Though I wanted to do this forever, I thought a break would be nice. 

I sat up and began to stroke his cock. Bernie stayed were he was and continued to feed on my penis until I was shaking with desire again. After about five minutes my shaking changed to quivering before he finally stopped and sat up. I could where my cum had escaped his lips and ran down the side of his face. I had an impulse to lick it off.

"That was really great," He said. " We should do it again."

" Lets take a rest man," I replied, " We got all night."

We both laughed and ran for the pond to cool off. It was almost time for our supper and then there'd be dessert.

After our swim Bernie wanted to put on some clothes, just in case some one came by and we ate. We had another beer and sat around talking waiting for it to get dark. It seemed as if we were trying to avoid talking about the experience we just shared. Even though I couldn't wait to suck my buddies cock once more.

By ten, o-clock the mosquitoes were so bad we retreated to the tent. I took off my clothes and just laid on top of the sleeping bag.

"It's to hot to get into it." I complained, rolling onto my side so that I was facing Bernie.

"Yeah," He agreed," I'm sweating."

"Well, strip down man it's cooler." I suggested.

I could hear the rustle and see his silhouette as he struggled with his pants.

"Yeah, that's a little better. To bad we didn't bring a light so we could see what we're doing." He said.

"Everybody who walks by would see it too." I laughed.

"Does that mean you still want to do it again?" Bernie asked showing excitement in his breath as he laid down on his back.

"Sure," I said, " If you still want to?"

I reached over and found Bernie's cock. It was hard and drooling with excitement. I spread the pre-cum around with my fingertips and felt his penis twitch. I could hear Bernie's hand slide across the nylon and I shook as his hand came into contact with my abdomen, then slowly move until he felt pubic hair. Then wrapping his fingers around it, he started stroking, slowly squeezing and milking my cock. 

I got to my knees and leaned over Bernie until I tasted the precum on the end of his penis. I heard him moan and he squeeze my cock harder as I sucked him into my mouth and swirled my tongue around the end. Just feeling the glands against my tongue excited me enough to make me quiver. I could feel him pulling on my cock and trying to move his body closer. I threw a leg over his head and straddled his face. I felt the warmth and wetness of his mouth encase my erection as he tried to take the whole thing into his mouth.

I could feel his breathing coming out in snorts against my scrotum when his hips convulsed and he gave me another taste of his seed. I pulled him over as I rolled onto my side. I kept his softening cock in my mouth savoring it as he attacked mine, trying to take it all in. I felt him gag on my penis several times as he tried to force it all down his throat. I realized that my friend liked this as much as I did. I was pretty sure that both of us would be sucking cock again.

I felt Bernie's penis begin to rise in my mouth again and just the idea that I could make him hard after he had just cum for third time in one day pushed me over the edge and I came a third time also. Bernie didn't gag this time and I could feel his throat swallowing my load.

I don't know which one of us fell to sleep first, but neither of us stopped sucking on the other that night. I remember how I felt as I drifted off to sleep to our mutual sucking.

The sun was beating down on the tent when I awoke. We slept the night in the same position. My head was resting on Bernie's thigh. My hand still held his penis and it was close enough to lick. I looked down and Bernie's face was tight against my crotch. My cock was soft, but I could tell that it all was buried in his mouth and I could feel his breathing gently against my balls. I looked back at his cock and felt my own begin to grow again as I took Bernie's softened cock into my mouth once more. Who knew when I'd get my next chance to suck cock again, to taste the seed from another male's penis.

I felt him stir as his cock hardened again between my lips. He removed his mouth from my member for a moment, then, groaned before sucking it back in as deep as he could. It was one of the best breakfasts in bed I've ever had and I know Bernie had a big smile on his face when we packed up to leave for home.

"Hey guess what?" Bernie asked.

"What?" I replied.

"Next weekend," He said with a grin," My mom's going away for a few days. Maybe she'll let me stay home, on my own. Do you want to sleep over?"

All responses and comments are welcome.