 I met him in a parking lot in the park. He was driving a long silver limo with very dark tinted windows. He invited me to join him in the back. I climbed in and he followed me, taking our jackets off as we got comfortable. I leaned over to him and kissed his lips hard, thrusting my tongue into his mouth. He gently sucked on it and let me swirl it around. I accepted his tongue and sucked it as far as I could into my mouth, savoring the taste of him and wanting more. I started to undo the buttons on his shirt as we kissed and soon I was sucking on his nipples, making him groan in pleasure. I moved down his body and undid his pants, making him lift his ass off the seat so I could pull them right off of him.

I moved so I was in a position that he could fuck my mouth and opened up, accepting his hard cock as he thrust his hips towards me. I swirled my tongue around it as he gently, at first, thrust in and out of me. I was groaning loudly as he fucked my mouth. I reached around him and held his ass cheeks, helping him thrust. That seemed to make him want to come and it wasn't long before I tasted him as his cock spurted into my mouth. I swallowed as fast as I could and he stopped thrusting, enjoying the suction on his cock. He shook as he came and kept telling me to suck harder which I tried to do but the position we were in made him tire quickly and he pulled his cock out of my mouth and slumped down on the seat, breathing heavily.

I moved out from under him and we changed positions so my cock was pointing directly at his face. By now my cock was very hard and I thrust my hips towards him as he opened his mouth and took me inside his mouth. I started slowly thrusting but before long, I was thrusting faster and harder as he sucked and licked my cock. I spurted my load into him and he swallowed it all. He continued to suck on my cock until I stopped spurting into his mouth and then gently took my cock out of his mouth. He held it in his hands and licked up and down the length of it, gently swirling his tongue around the head. 

We started kissing again and my cock started to respond, getting harder and harder. His cock was still semi hard when I reached over and pulled him down to my cock, impaling his face on me again. He started bobbing up and down and I came again in his mouth making him swallow quickly. He leaned back and I went down on him, taking his now hard cock fully into my mouth. I bobbed up and down on it making him moan and groan until he couldn't hold back any longer. I pulled off his cock after he was finished and we sat back in the plush seats, relaxing. We talked while we rested and he told me that he had never experienced anything so erotic as this before. He asked me if I had ever had a cock up my ass before. I told him that I hadn't but would like to. He said that now was not the time but maybe we could get together later and try it to which I quickly agreed. As we dressed, he gave me his address and we made plans for the next day.

I arrived at his place a little after 1 in the afternoon the next day. He greeted me at the door and as soon as it was closed, wrapped his arms around me, kissing me hard. We kissed for a few minutes and then he broke our embrace. My cock was already hard and he reached down to fondle it through my pants. He then led me through a couple of doors to a large room, furnished with soft couches and a large screen TV. He told me to sit down as he popped a video in the VCR. The screen lit up with what looked like a home video. He was fucking someone in the ass and as I watched, I marveled at how agile he was for his age. 

He sat beside me and we watched the screen. The moans and groans coming from the video were very intoxicating and soon he had my cock out of my pants, sticking straight up from my groin. He quickly engulfed it and was soon bobbing up and down, making me groan in pleasure. I stopped him and stood up, quickly shedding my clothes and stood in front of him, my cock aimed directly at his mouth. He leaned back on the couch and I moved over him, thrusting my cock into him. He grabbed my hips and helped me thrust in and out of him. Whether it was because of the sounds coming from the video or that I was hornier that hell, it didn't take long for me to start spurting my come into him. He swallowed all my come again and then took my softening cock out of his mouth. We switched positions and it wasn't long before he was filling my mouth with his sweet tasting come.

We sat back and relaxed, talking about the video as we watched him fucking the ass of someone. He didn't tell me who he was fucking on the video but they seemed to know each other very well. By now, my cock was starting to rise again and he reached over and rubbed it up and down with his hand. I reminded him about our conversation the day before and I stopped him from rubbing my cock. He knew that my ass was a virgin so he told me what he was going to do to me.

First he had me get down on my hands and knees, facing the TV. I watched, as he started to fill the ass he was fucking on the video with his come. I could hear the groans and moans from the video as I felt him start to rim my ass hole with his tongue. He licked all around my hole and spread my cheeks wider apart so he could get closer to my hole. I then felt a finger probing my hole and then felt a sharp pain as he pushed one finger up inside me. He held it just inside my ass and told me to push back against it. I did as he said and soon his whole finger was up my canal. He slowly started moving it in and out of me, asking me if I was alright, as he did. All I could do was nod as the feeling was overwhelming. He soon added a finger and was thrusting them in and out of my ass harder now. I looked at the TV screen and saw a younger man inserting his long hard cock into my partner's ass. He quickly thrust forward and was fully in the man's ass as I watched. I heard my partner grunt as the young man impaled him on his hard cock.

The feeling of the two fingers in my ass and the sounds and sights from the video made me want more so I looked around at him and told him to fuck me. 

He told me that he needed some lubricant, which he quickly applied to my ass. He smeared it on me and I watched him as he pointed his very hard cock at my hole. I took a deep breath and pushed back towards him, feeling the head of his cock enter me. Again I felt a sharp pain and he stopped, waiting for me to tell him to go further. By now all I wanted was to feel his cock deep inside me so I told him to go ahead. He pushed his cock further into me and finally I felt his balls resting against my ass. It felt so foreign but at the same time, it didn't hurt any more. 

Again, I looked around at him and told him to fuck me. He started slowly, moving his cock in and out of me. He would pull out until only his head was inside me and then thrust slowly back fully into me. I let him fuck me slowly for a few minutes and then told him to fuck harder. He was soon pounding in and out of me, making him sweat and his breathing was heavy. I could tell when he was coming as his cock was twitching inside me.

He finally thrust one more time fully into me and I felt his come spurting out of him deep inside me. 

He grabbed a hold of my hips and pulled me back against him as he emptied his come into me. It felt warm and was very erotic, feeling his juices spurting into me. He held onto me for a few minutes after he was finished and then slowly pulled his spent cock out of my ass. I slumped forward onto the floor as he sat back against the couch. The video was still running and I looked up to see the young man coming inside my partner's ass. 

As we relaxed, I asked him who the young man was in the video with him. To my surprise he said that it was his son. I looked at him and he continued, saying that his son would like to fuck me too. Before I could say anything, he nodded towards the doorway and I looked over to see the young man from the video standing there, his hard cock in his hand. 

The young man started over towards us and sat down beside me. He moved over me and pointed his hard cock at my mouth. I opened my lips and took him fully into me. He moved us until I was flat on my back with him above me, his cock pointing straight down and started thrusting slowly in and out of my mouth. The video had stopped and I heard the man putting another one in the VCR as the young man continued to slowly fuck my mouth. He pulled his cock out of my mouth and raised my legs over his shoulders. He pointed his cock at my hole and pushed into me. It felt uncomfortable at first but soon he was fully in me, slowly thrusting in and out. His cock was thinner that his father's but longer and I could feel the entire length of him inside of me. 

I looked at him and told him to fuck me harder. He quickly flipped me over to my hands and knees and thrust into me again, this time harder. It felt even better this time being fucked by a younger man whose cock filled my canal entirely. He was sweating a little as he fucked me and I faintly heard the sounds from the video in the background. I rotated his hips several times, making the angle of his thrusts different and it was what seemed like quite a while before he started to spurt his come up inside me. He held onto my hips as he emptied himself into me and held his cock deep inside me after he was finished. 

I felt his cock twitching as he came and then when he was finished, I felt it slowly slide out of me. Again I slumped forward onto the floor but didn't have time to rest and the father pulled me back up to my knees and started to fuck me again. His cock was fatter than his son's but not as long. He pounded away at me and soon came inside me again, this time groaning and almost yelling that he was coming. He finished and slowly pulled his cock out of me. This time I slumped forward and rolled over to look at the two men. 

They both asked me if I was okay and I nodded that I was. They had grins on their faces and they sat looking at me. The father asked if I wanted to fuck either of them and I quickly said I would. I raised myself up off the floor and moved in behind the son. He spread his cheeks and I pointed my cock at his hole, thrusting forward as he pushed back against my thrust. I entered him easily and was soon pounding away at him. I had never felt such a tight opening surrounding my cock and it felt so good as I thrust in and out of him harder and harder. I fucked him as long as I could and when I felt myself getting ready to come I stopped and pulled my cock out of him. I then told the father to get down here and I thrust my cock up his ass hole quickly. I thrust in and out of him a few times before coming deep up his canal. He yelped when he felt me coming and I spurted a full load up into him. 

I held him tight against me as I emptied my self into him and then slowly pulled my spent cock out of him. I fell back against the couch and told them I had to rest. They both grinned at me and I watched the son mount his father. As I rested I watched the two of them fuck each other. The noises coming from the video and the two men was very intoxicating and I felt like I was in a dream watching these two men making love in front of me. They finally finished and we all just sat, resting. I looked at both of them and we grinned at each other. 

The father asked me if I was okay again and I nodded but added that I thought I was through for the time being. He said that it was okay and I looked at the TV screen. On the screen was a woman fucking the son with a long strap-on dildo. She was thrusting in and out of him very quickly and he was moaning and groaning as she did. I watched for a few minutes, not really believing what I was watching. I looked at the father and he said that the woman was his wife and she enjoyed fucking them too. I quickly looked around to see if the wife was there too but the father laughed and told me she was away for the day. I had a quick picture in my mind of the woman fucking me but I would have to wait for that to happen. 

Before I left that day, I let each of them fuck me again and I fucked each of them too. After all the sex, I hardly had enough strength to get dressed but I did and went home to sit and reflect on the day. I was going over again to see them the next day and I was hoping that the wife would be there too as I found myself fantasizing about her fucking me. 

I would like to feel a cock up my ass so if you're in an area close, maybe you can be my first. I will continue my adventure in the next installment.