 All my stories are true life experiences, with a small amount of poetic licence. My boyfriend and I always use condoms for anal sex with strangers. Play safe, guys.

**********************************

So we needed to get to the airport for our winter break. Train and coach- or we surf the web here in northern France for a car share, all above board. We've had a few now, drivers of all shapes and sizes, ages and sexes. They get their petrol paid, we get a near door to door journey for less than the hassle of public transport. Car share it was, some guy called Nathan would meet us at the bottom of our street and drop us off at Beauvais, with 2 hours to spare before our flight. 

We arrived, all packed and ready to go, as promised and at the appointed hour the little red Citroen pulled up. We made our introductions, me and Dave (my boyfriend) and put our small case in the boot/ trunk and climbed in . Nathan turned out to be Vietnamese, about 5' 5 or 5' 6 and wearing loose, gym style bottoms and an almost matching top with no visible t-shirt underneath. He was clean shaven, with short but not cropped dark hair, and very soft and sexy Asian skin. And so (SO) polite.

The airport was about an hour and forty minutes according to his GPS. So we talked bullshit for an hour or so, it turned out he knew a friend of a friend we once met in Paris. And just about 15 minutes before our turn, he said he would come off the motorway an exit early as he needed a pee. If he parked up at the airport rather than the free drop off, it would cost him dear and by this journey he could take us the remaining few kilometres the back way. 

We had time and were cool with that. He came off at the toll booth as mentioned and pulled into the parking area. About two thirds of the way along is a standard toilet block, ladies on the right and gents on the left. I had only been in one before but believe they must all be the same design, a long communal urinal and one cubicle at the end. There were about 4 cars as we pulled in, all at the end by the toll booths which may belong to staff, and one at the far end of the parking area before it rejoined the road, nobody was parked outside of the toilets except Nathan.

He got out of the car asking if either of us needed a comfort break. I was a little busy checking him out, but decided I'd go anyway and maybe... check him out. I followed and he had already pulled the front of his waistband lower. I wanted to look and managed a sly peep, seeing a cute and full bush nestled on top of a small, cut cock. Even his balls were hanging over the waistband and as I pulled my own shaft through my fly, I decided to undo my trousers and let it all hang out. We both stood there facing discreetly forward, in silence and probably both waiting for the sound of the first splash of piss to hit the stainless steel before us. Suffice to say, no pee arrived.

Then I heard the car door close and knew it would be Dave, either wanting to pee or, more likely than not, scared he was missing out. He walked past the both of us and occupied the furthest space, next to the cubicle, with Nathan between the two of us. He unzipped and got his cock out, he is a small but perfectly formed 5 inches when hard so somewhat less when flaccid, but like me he shaves his pubes entirely. He's cut too but I'm not so I take good care to make sure I'm well clean in my generous and man-tasting foreskin.

So there we were, the 3 of us, all with our dicks out and none of us actually seeming to be in need of the toilet, silent. Nathan's hand moved a couple of stokes and I was thinking of taking another longer peek and maybe stroking my own slightly swollen cock when I heard another car pull up. I guessed we could wait until the driver or whoever had been and gone before resuming, or just call it a near miss and leave when another guy entered the toilet block. He stood next to me and we all shuffled up a little, Dave at the far end, then Nathan, then myself and finally the other guy. 

I tried a discreet glance at him too, he was about 5'9 and slim, wearing a hoodie and jeans. I caught a glimpse of his face, he was dark haired, olive skinned and had no beard but needed a shave, I would have put him in his mid thirties. And out came cock number four, which the other three of us listened to intently for sounds of piss, again of which none came. 

So I wasn't sure if the guy was shy and couldn't pee with an audience or was checking out who was in the toilet block. And we all stood there, dicks in hand, staring straight ahead and not moving. Nathan made the first move, as before, as I caught his hand and arm rise and fall slightly as before. The guy next to me leaned forward a little, perhaps to get a better view, and then not-so-subtly looked along the urinal at our 3 cocks. Nathan lowered his bottoms a little, so half his arse was exposed, and I heard Dave's arm move round to cup a butt cheek and, knowing him as I do, probably slide a finger or two down his hairless little ass crack. My cock swelled some more and I moved to lowered my own trousers and briefs, mirroring Nathan. He in turn stroked his own cock so it was pointing directly in front of him and I felt the guy next to me caress my arse so I reached over and squeezed his dick. Like me, he wasn't cut, nor was he shaved, so I hoped he wasn't in to hair or else he'd be disappointed in my cock and smooth little crack, but as he caressed my cheek and the tip of his finger touched my waiting ringpiece, his cock grew to a full seven inches, perhaps just a little longer than mine but not very wide. If it was going where I wanted it to, that suited me just fine.

By now, we were all solid, my friend to the right's cock pointing upwards, Nathan's directly forwards, Dave's being held by the hand not in Nathan's arse squeezing it temptingly and mine bobbing upwards with each pump of my pulse. The other guy undid his trousers completely and dropped them, along with his underwear, to his knees, revealing low hanging nuts which I took in a hand and gently tugged at. Nathan turned to face me and I bent at the hip to lick the end of his little knob leaving Dave free to do whatever he wanted to his arse. By bending like this, I pushed my own butt back to the handsome guy who remained nameless. He played with my two muscular cheeks with both hands and licked a thumb, wetting it so he could penetrate my hole a little. He teased me as he wasn't overly rough, something I really liked. I licked the ridge of Nathan's helmet before sucking a little harder, tasting his precum. Different nationalities taste different, my belief is that it is the diet that causes this, and I love Asian man juice. He delivered plenty of precum before I stood up, my own knob now available for him if he wanted to play with it. He now bent forwards as I had done, and took my bell end in his mouth, gently pulling back my foreskin and licking my piss slit, then fumbled in his pocket whilst he was down there. What sort of horny, dirty bastard picks up his car shares with a sachet of lube in his pockets? My kind of driver!

Nathan straightened himself back upright and our cocks have a little jousting match, although he is shorter than I so mostly I caressed his smooth stomach and his erection disappears under my scrotum as he walks forward, Dave following. Meanwhile, my ass is being toyed by the other guy and Dave knows I'm getting from the stranger what he's giving Nathan. Nathan gives me a smile and then uses his teeth to rip open the sachet of lube, passing it once opened back to Dave. I lean in to that warm, soft mouth and he opens it as our lips meet to let my tongue enter. Dave ain't selfish, he passes the half squeezed sachet to the guy behind me who, he told me later, smiled and winked as he took it.

Having been Nathan's pocket all that time, the lube was warm and my hungry little hole was most receptive to being oiled by it, making my new friend's finger enter easily. Meanwhile, as my tongue was tussling with Nathan's, he stopped momentarily and at that point, knowing how Dave works when he fuck, I knew the head of his cock had penetrated that tight Asian mancunt. He'd hold it there for Nathan to adjust before easing in further and further, not rushing (in truth because he gets quite excited himself). Sure enough, the tongue recommenced it's little waltz with mine as Dave inched forwards.

I felt the finger up my own arse withdraw and the tip of that long, thin cock pressed against my sphincter. This guy was a gentleman it seemed, allowing me to decide at what pace to proceed, and so as I was on some kind of mental high thinking of what Dave was giving Nathan (and what Nathan was getting) whilst I was lubed up at one end and deep spit swapping at the other, I steadily and determinedly pushed my torso forwards and therefore my arse backwards, my own hole taking the first inch or so of the stranger's knob inside me. I clamped down hard, hoping he'd sense the welcome and then relaxed so he, like Dave, could move his body (and cock shaft) forward. He glided in, steadily, all the way, and then slid almost all the way back out slowly before pumping in to me again. The fact he wasn't going in and out at speed was a great feeling and the ridge of his head made me quiver every time it brushed past my prostate. I was bent slightly forwards, Nathan the same (with Dave's hands gripping his smooth, skinny, naked hips) and we leaned in, our mouths still locked, swapping spit.

I guess we were pretty much locked in to position, I wanted to bend forward and suck on Nathan's cock but I had to go careful as it meant pushing back on to a dick that was already filling my arse, so I slowly tried doing it as lithely as any professional gymnast. I got down there where Nathan's tool was leaking more precum from the piss slit and I licked it clean before getting the head of his knob in my mouth. I toyed with it, as I had his tongue.

I expected Dave to shoot first, he usually does, but was surprised by the change in rythm of the breathing from the guy behind me, who slapped one of my arse cheeks really hard. It stung but was a gratifying feeling, as it was immediately followed by him pumping his seed in to my hungry hole. And as he finished, I felt another slap as he chuckled, withdrew his spent shaft and pulled up his trousers before turning and leaving unceremoniously. 

I didn't even stop sucking on Nathan although I really wanted to thank the guy for a good but quick fuck but I speeded up myself as I was less constrained by the fact my arse was no longer being banged. I'd just been filled at one end and fancied tasting some Asian sauce at the other, so I cupped his small but shapely nuts and ran my fingers around his scrotum, almost tickling him as I did so. The whole length of his hard little shaft was in mouth and I felt and then tasted the first spurt of his spunk, quite bitter and watery as I had hoped but far more than the size of his bollocks suggested. He moaned as he came and when I'd swallowed most of it and with Dave still moving his hips back and forth, I straightened up to kiss him and let him taste the remnants of his jizz. It seemed to turn him on, even though he'd shot, as he started thrusting on to Dave's knob, perhaps having sensed it wouldn't take much to get Dave to release his load. And bingo! Dave pumped several generous spurts of his thick cream in to Nathan's waiting arse.

That only left me, absolutely rock hard but I figured I would have to take care of myself once we reached the airport. Wrong! As Dave's deflating cock was slipping out of Nathan, he bent down and sucked away on my solid member, tickling my own shaved scrotum as I had his.

"I'm gonna cum," I said, my teeth gritted, and I tried to hold it in as long as I could but he seemed to want it and as I ejaculated, he sucked and slurped harder. I don't know if he isn't one or swallowing but with his mouth full of my fresh spunk, he stood straight back up and pulled me in to his, kissing it all back to me. I sucked away at his face, squeezing him tight as I did so.

With car share, much like home stays for pay and other services, once the journey is completed then you receive an email asking you to evaluate the driver and the option of adding a comment.

Five out of five. One of the best rides I've had so far...