 I met Bert and John later that week at a restaurant, quite by accident. I had joined a group from work and as we were sitting in the bar, Bert and John came in. I left the group to go over and say hi.

Both of the men were glad to see me and we soon were talking about the night in the park. I was getting hornier and hornier as we talked and I could tell that both Bert and John were having trouble controlling their erections too. After about twenty minutes, I couldn't wait any longer and leaned over to Bert. I told him that I needed his cock in my mouth and I would meet him in the restroom in five minutes. I tried to adjust myself as best I could and went back to the group from the office.

I watched Bert get up and head for the restroom. I quickly gulped down my drink and excused myself, heading the same direction as Bert. When I entered the room, Bert was standing at a urinal, trying to look nonchalant but his hard cock was sticking straight out in front of him and he couldn't hide it from anyone entering. I quickly looked around to see if there were any others in the room and not seeing any one, walked over to Bert and knelt down, taking his hard cock and shoving it in my mouth. I slide my mouth up and down its length a couple of times to get it slippery and then started to suck on it.

Bert was standing against the urinal, groaning as I continued sucking on his hard cock. He must have been horny too as it didn't take long for him to start filling my mouth with his creamy come. As I finished sucking all his come out of him, I heard the door open. I realized that someone had entered the room and since I had my back to the door, I tried to make it look like I was looking for something on the floor but Bert's hard cock was still in view. I heard a quiet moan and I looked around.

There was a man standing against the door, rubbing his crotch as he looked at Bert and I. He was especially looking at Bert's hard cock and after a few seconds, I saw his tongue swirl against his lips as he started to undo his pants. He pulled his cock out of his pants and started rubbing it with his hand. He was quietly groaning as he did and I stood up, looked at Bert and slowly walked over to the other man. I replaced his hand with mine and leaned forward, kissing him and sticking my tongue in his mouth. He was still leaning against the door as we kissed and I could feel his cock twitching in my hand. 

I knelt down in front of him and quickly sucked his cock into my mouth. It wasn't as large as Bert's but it could hold its own. I quickly sucked on the head and swirled my tongue around it, savoring the taste of him. I licked the length of it and then stuffed it in my mouth. I reached around him and pulled his hips forward so he was fucking my mouth. He started slowly but soon was fucking my mouth as hard as he could. I had to hold on to him as he thrust in and out of me as he was banging his ass against the door and I was afraid someone might hear the noise.

He started coming in my mouth shortly after that and he spurted his come into me with several spurts, making me swallow quickly. He finished coming and I let his cock slide slowly out of my mouth, licking it clean as I did. He thanked me and introduced himself. His name was Peter and he was from England. He told us that he had been looking for someone to suck his cock for a while and had no idea that he would find that someone in the restroom of this restaurant. We all laughed and he went to leave.

Before he could open the door, Bert asked him if he was interested in getting together later and Peter agreed readily. We made arrangements to meet the next night at Bert's place and Peter left. Bert and I just looked at each other and I knew what Peter was in store for the next night and I didn't want to miss a minute of it.

The next night, I got there early and eagerly awaited Peter's arrival. The doorbell rang about a half an hour later and Bert ushered Peter into the den. Peter sat down on the couch next to me and Bert offered him a drink. He readily agreed and was nervous about what was going to take place. We talked for a little while and then Bert indicated that it was time to get started, as he stood up and started taking his clothes off. Peter watched him very carefully and almost gasped when Bert's cock came into view. It wasn't completely hard but it did demand attention. 

I quickly stood up and invited Peter to undress, which he did quickly. Soon the three of us were standing, looking at each other, completely naked and with hard cocks sticking straight out from our groins. Bert made the first move and slowly approached Peter. He reached out and grabbed Peter's cock and started rubbing it. He continued for a few minutes and then stepped back, telling Peter to get down on his knees in front of him. Peter did as he was told and Bert grabbed his head and pushed his hard cock quickly into Peter's mouth. 

I watched the head of Bert's cock disappear into Peter's mouth and heard the sucking sounds Peter was making as he sucked and licked Bert's cock. I wanted to join in so I went behind Bert and spread his ass cheeks and started to rim him. I stuck my tongue as deep into his ass as I could and tongue fucked his ass as Peter sucked his cock. Bert was moaning and telling us how good it felt. He grabbed Peter's head and started to fuck his face as I continued to rim him. Soon I could feel his ass muscles tense as he started to spurt his come into Peter's mouth. He spurted come into Peter several times and told Peter to swallow all of it. Peter was in no position to argue and swallowed quickly to get all of Bert's come into him.

Bert finished and slowly pulled his cock out of Peter's mouth. I quickly moved from behind Bert and took his place in front of Peter, thrusting my hips forward, forcing my cock into his mouth. He licked and sucked it like an expert, so smooth and soon had me trying to hold out and not come too soon. I couldn't hold it very long and started to fill his mouth again with my come, which he swallowed quickly and expertly. I pulled my cock out of his mouth slowly so he could lick it and suck it clean. It came out of his mouth with a slight pop and I turned and walked over to the couch. I asked Peter to join me and he got off his knees and came over to me. 

I got down on the floor and leaned back against the couch. I moved Peter so he was leaning over me, his cock at mouth level and told him to fuck me. He thrust his hips forward and his cock entered my open mouth easily. His cock had a slight bend upward at the end of it and I felt it against the roof of my mouth as he started to slowly fuck my face. He thrust in and out of my mouth several times slowly and then started speeding up a bit. Soon he was thrusting as hard as he could in and out of me. 

I couldn't see Bert but I had a feeling I knew where he was and it wasn't very long before Peter started to buck back further as he thrust fully into my mouth. I knew Bert was rimming him and Peter was groaning louder with each thrust and buck. He continued fucking my mouth for a few minutes more and then he froze. He leaned forward a little and let out a loud grunt as Bert impaled him on his cock. Peter leaned forward a little more and gasped as Bert pushed his full length up inside him. He pushed back against Bert who was slowly pulling his cock out of Peter's ass and then thrusting it fully back into it. 

I moved out from under Peter and he leaned further against the couch as Bert really started pounding his ass. Peter was groaning loudly now and telling Bert to fuck him hard, which Bert did. I watched Bert's thick cock slide in and out of Peter and I could hear their skin slap together when Bert thrust fully into Peter. I watched the two men fuck and as I did, my cock started to respond and I knew that as soon as Bert was finished, I was going to fuck Peter too.

While we were busy, Edith had slipped into the room and was sitting on the couch watching her husband fuck Peter. Peter finally noticed her but didn't say or do anything because he was enjoying the fucking he was getting, too much. The two men continued and I joined Edith on the couch. It didn't take long to undress her and I had her on her hands and knees on the couch, my cock pointed at her ass hole. I thrust forward and entered her quickly and started fucking her hard. As I pounded her ass, I heard Bert grunt as he started to empty his come far up Peter's ass hole. He was almost yelling as he came and Peter slumped forward against the end of the couch. I continued to pound Edith's ass and was enjoying it all tremendously. This was the first time I had fucked Edith and I was going to enjoy it to the maximum. 

Peter got up and came over to Edith, pushing his hard cock into her mouth. She started sucking him as I continued to fuck her. She finally asked me to stop and I reluctantly, pulled my still hard cock out of her. She moved so Peter could take her place and I thrust my cock into his ass quickly. I really was feeling horny and I fucked him as hard as I could, making him yelp a little but groan a lot. I could feel the walls of his canal as I thrust in and out of him. I pushed my cock as deep into him as I could and soon was spurting my come deep inside him too.

I held him against my groin as I came and then slowly pulled my softening cock out of him. He slumped forward onto his face on the couch and I had to sit down quickly, as I was exhausted from fucking him. We rested and as we did, I noticed Peter had another erection. I leaned over and took his cock and pushed it into my mouth. He let me suck him for a few minutes and then he stopped me. He moved off the couch so I could get on my knees and he moved above me and pointed his hard cock at my ass hole. He thrust it fully into me the first time and started to move in and out slowly. 

He was grunting every time his cock went fully into me and I was groaning and telling him how good he felt inside me. He started to speed up and soon was pounding my ass for all he was worth. I could feel the sweat from him, dripping on me as he thrust in and out of me. He was breathing very heavily now and I could feel his cock starting to twitch and finally spurt his come up into me. 

His cock spurted several times as he emptied his come into me. When he was finished, he pulled his spent cock out of me and some of his come ran down my leg. I felt a tongue licking it off my leg and turned to see Bert cleaning my leg with his tongue. I also noticed that Edith had the black monster dildo strapped around her and was moving Peter into position to fuck with it. I heard Peter grunt loudly when Edith thrust the monster up his ass hole. She didn't waste any time in fucking him and thrust in and out of him quickly and with long thrusts.

After Bert finished cleaning my leg and licking my ass hole, the two of us sat on the couch and watched Edith fuck Peter. She moved over him, pushing him forward more until she was thrusting up and down, in and out of him. Peter was groaning louder with each thrust and Edith was sweating profusely as she pounded Peter's ass. Bert and I watched them for about twenty minutes and then Edith stopped as she was tired and she pulled the fake monster out of Peter. He fell forward on the floor and was breathing very heavily as Edith stumbled over to a chair and quickly sat down, the fake monster sticking out from her groin as she did. 

No one did and said anything for what seemed like a long time and then Bert asked Peter if he was ok. Peter answered with a thumbs up. We continued resting for a while longer, each of us in their own thoughts. Peter was the first to speak and he told us all that he had never imagined that being fucked would feel so good. He said that he had never had a cock up his ass before but he wanted to have one up it as often as he could. He also said that he had never fucked a man before and that it felt great too but he preferred being fucked to fucking. We all laughed and that started the next round of fucking and sucking. We started out with Edith fucking me with the fake monster and Peter fucking Bert. Then we moved so that Bert was fucking Edith and I was fucking Peter. Finally, I got to fuck Edith to the finish and I came inside her in a large gush of come as Bert fucked Peter over and over again.

We continued for about an hour more and then had to stop, as everyone was exhausted. Just then, John came home and walked into the den and looked around at the four of us, laying spent on the floor and the couch. He grinned and quickly shed his clothes. He moved directly over to Peter and was soon pounding his cock in and out of Peter's ass hole. Bert and Edith and I watched John fill Peter's ass with his come and the two of them were yelling at each other as they came. I noticed Bert's cock was hard again and he replaced John and started fucking Peter again. I was too tired but I let John suck my semi hard cock for a few minutes before turning him over and thrusting into him as hard as I could. It took longer this time for me to come but I filled his ass hole with my come about the same time Bert came inside of Peter.

John, being the youngest, recovered the quickest and went after Peter's ass again. This time Edith moved behind John and the three of them were soon fucking each other as Edith fucked John as he fucked Peter. I looked at Bert and he was getting hard again so I moved over on the couch and lifted my legs over my head and Bert thrust his fat cock deep up into my ass again. This time he wasn't gentle at all and pounded me, slapping his balls against me every time he thrust fully into me. I don't remember Bert fucking me as hard as he did this time but I was enjoying it too much to complain. He pounded me until finally he couldn't fuck any more. He had to stop, as he was, too exhausted to continue. Edith saw what was happening and moved over to take his place. She was soon pounding in and out of me with the big, fake monster. She thrust the monster as deep as she could each time she thrust forward and I could feel the head of it hit the end of my canal.

I heard John come again as he grunted loudly as he emptied his come deep into Peter. When they were finished, the two of them fell forward onto the floor, completely exhausted. Edith pounded me for quite a while until she had to stop because she was tired. She pulled the monster out of me and helped me lower my legs, as she liked my ass hole to clean it off. 

I knew I was done for the night as both ends of me were sore, my ass red and a little swollen and my cock was tender and sore. We finally all agreed that we had had enough and Peter and I slowly got our clothes on and almost, stumbled out of the house on the way to our cars. Peter wanted to know before he left when he could come back and Bert told him any time. I added only if I could come along too and we all laughed.

Well, I haven't heard from anyone close to me so my ass is still waiting to have its first hard cock up inside it. Will you be the one?