 The next morning, my ass was still sore from the night before so I sat in a hot tub for about an hour. After getting out, I started thinking about the wife again and had an instant hard on. I remembered the feeling of the father's fat cock and the son's thin, long one plowing into me and my cock got even harder. I decided right then that I had to go back and see if the wife could fuck me as well as her men.

I took a chance and went over to their place and rang the bell. A woman answered the door and before I could say anything, she smiled and said that she was hoping I would come over today. She ushered me in and led me to the same room as the day before. As I sat down, she put a video in the VCR and came over to sit beside me. She asked me about the day before and as I told her how I felt about the whole day, my cock started to harden again. She noticed it and put her hand on it, rubbing it through my pants. She told me that I couldn't fuck her but she would fuck me if I wanted her to. Of course I did, wasn't that the reason I was here. She got up and went over to a cupboard and pulled three strap-on dildos out and came back over to me. She told me I had a choice of which one I wanted her to fuck me with. 

One was long and thin, the next was fatter but not as long and the third one was black with ripples in the outer skin along it's length. I couldn't decide so she suggested that we could try all three and see which one felt the best stuck up my ass hole.

She put the dildos down and we both stood up and got undressed. She ran her hand up and down my cock a few times and licked her lips as she did so. I asked her if she would suck me and she said she would after she had fucked me. I nodded and got down on the floor on my hands and knees. I watched her strap the first dildo on and she came around and stuck it in my mouth. I licked and sucked on the fake cock for a few minutes. It had a slight plastic taste to it but I swear I could also taste something else too. She pumped her hips a few times, fucking my mouth and then got up and went behind me. She pointed the fake cock at my ass hole and in one thrust, jammed the entire cock into me. 

She stopped and held the fake cock deep inside me for a minute and then slowly started to withdraw it and thrust it fully back into me. After a few thrusts, she stopped and asked me how it felt. All I could utter was a weak, great. She pulled out of me and I heard her putting the next one on. I felt it's tip at my ass hole and then she thrust it fully into me and stopped again. This one was the thin, long one and it didn't feel as fulfilling as the first one so she pulled it out of me and put on the big, black one.

I felt the black monster at my hole and she carefully inserted it into me, a little at a time. She moved forward a little more and I could feel the ripples on the side of the fake cock, rubbing along my canal wall. She stopped several times before she got the whole thing into me and then stopped again. She asked how this one felt and I groaned. 

She took this as a sign that this was the one to use and before she started, she said that her husband and son liked this one the best too. She slowly started moving inside me and after a few slow thrusts, started speeding up. All I could do was feel this monster filling my hole and canal up fully and it was the most erotic feeling I had ever had.

After a few more thrusts, she speeded up again and was soon pounding away at me. It felt so great that I told her to fuck me and not to stop. She gave my cheeks a slight whack and told me that she could go on forever. She now was really going at me and I could hear her breath getting heavier and she was almost panting. She leaned back a bit and continued to fuck me as hard as she could.

I was so wrapped up in what this woman was doing to me that I didn't know anyone else was in the room until I heard the husband cough. I looked around and he was standing beside his wife, watching her fuck the hell out of me, holding his fat cock in his hand. I wanted to taste his fat cock so I told him to get in front of me and fuck my mouth. He quickly moved in front of me, got down on his knees and pointed his hard cock at my mouth. He thrust forward and his cock hit the back of my throat, almost making me gag. He started thrusting in and out and tried to match the pace of his wife who was still pounding my ass.

He decided that he couldn't match her pace and instead set his own as he thrust his cock in and out. What a feeling, getting fucked at both ends. I couldn't wait to taste him and just as he started to come, I ejaculated on the floor. He made one final thrust and his cock came alive in my mouth, spurting his come down my throat. I swallowed all of his come and continued sucking on his softening cock until he withdrew it from my mouth. He moved around to my side and reached for my cock. He rubbed it up and down a little and I felt it getting hard again. 

I felt him move under me and he grabbed my cock, engulfing it in his mouth. Now I was being fucked and blown at the same time. I can't describe the feeling I was having but I was enjoying every thrust of the fake cock into my ass and my cock was, responding to the suction the husband was giving it. 

After I filled the husband's mouth with my come, I had to ask his wife to stop. She did and slowly withdrew the big, black fake cock out of my ass. I slumped forward on the floor exhausted and rolled over onto my back.

I looked at the two of them and the wife said that I had held out really well as she had fucked me for 25 minutes. I couldn't believe that she had fucked me for that long but the soreness I felt told me that, yeah, it had been a long time but I enjoyed every minute of it. 

As I lay there on the floor, I asked them if they wanted to keep this anonymous as I didn't even know their names. The husband laughed and introduced himself and his wife, as Bert and Edith. He told me his son's name was John. I introduced myself and we talked for a few minutes. Edith wanted to know a bit about me, and how Bert and John had gotten me to let them fuck me. Between Bert and me we told her the story of how we met and how we had sucked each other off in his car. She laughed a little when we finished and told me that she would fuck me anytime I wanted. That was just what I wanted to hear but I was still a little sore so I asked her to fuck Bert while I watched. 

They looked at each other and since she still had the black dildo strapped around her, Bert got down on the floor and she moved in between his legs. She didn't waste any time lubricating him, she just thrust forward, impaling him in one thrust. She started fucking him hard, pounding in and out of him. He gave out a mixed grunt and groan every time she thrust the full length of the fake cock into him. He was soon moaning all the time and she was panting heavily as she pounded away at him.

I didn't notice John come into the room because my back was towards the door. He suddenly appeared behind his mother and pushed her forward and down a little, thrusting his hard cock into her ass. She groaned a little when he was fully in her and stopped fucking Bert. She looked around at John and just motioned with her ass that he could go ahead and fuck her. John started thrusting in and out of her slowly until she turned around to start fucking Bert again. She matched the pounding she was getting from John and I watched the three of them make love to each other. After a while, I decided that I wanted to be part of this all so I moved under Bert and took his fat cock into my mouth, licking and sucking it as he had to me earlier. 

Every time Edith thrust forward into Bert, his cock would thrust deeper into my mouth so I decided to let him fuck my mouth. I moved a little until I was in a better position, and just lay on the floor under Bert, his cock thrusting in and out of my mouth, as Edith fucked him.

It wasn't long before Bert came in my mouth and as I was sucking all the come out of his cock, I heard John getting close too. As I took Bert's cock out of my mouth, John started coming in his mother's ass. She let out a weak squeal as she felt his warm come spurt out of his cock, deep inside her bowels. She stopped fucking Bert for an instant, enjoying the feeling of John coming in her and then when he pulled his cock out of her, really pounded away at Bert's ass. She continued for a few more minutes and then had to stop as she was exhausted. 

She withdrew the black cock from Bert and fell forward on her hands and knees. Bert rolled over on his back and was breathing heavily. John, in the meantime, had gotten up and was sitting on the couch. John looked at me and said that I was the only one who was ready for fucking and asked how I was going to satisfy myself. I stood up and went over to him. I stood right in front of him and pointed my hard cock at his mouth. He opened it and I thrust my cock into his mouth. I started fucking his face as he sat there and when I got really hard, I took my cock out of his mouth and told him to move over as I was going to fuck him. He quickly moved over, resting his head against the arm of the couch and lifted his legs up over his head. His ass hole was open to me and I didn't waste any time, thrusting into him. He grunted a little as I thrust myself forward and entered him. I started thrusting slowly at first, wanting to feel his walls rub against my cock. I soon speeded up though and I started to pound away at him. 

I fucked him as hard as I could and soon emptied my come deep inside his bowel. He groaned loudly when he felt my come spurt out into him and was writhing a bit, telling me to fuck him again. Of course I couldn't just then but I held my cock in him as long as I could before withdrawing it. I looked at Bert and Edith and they had big grins on their faces. I sat down beside John and he didn't move. He lay there with his legs apart, his cock starting to harden and a big grin on his face too.

I looked again at Edith and Bert and told them that I had enjoyed have sex with them more than anything I had ever done. With that they got up and came over and both of them kissed me. They told me that they had enjoyed having sex with me too and that they were available any time I wanted. With that, I leaned over and took John's hard cock into my mouth and started to suck on it, licking around its head and engulfing it deep into my throat. I felt Bert and Edith get off the couch and then I heard Edith give out a loud sigh. I looked around and Bert was fucking her in her ass and was really pounding away at her. I turned my attention back to John's cock and soon had him yelling at me that he was coming and he filled my mouth one more time with his come. 

John and I sat back on the couch and watched Bert fuck the hell out of Edith's ass until he groaned and came in her. She squealed as Bert emptied himself into her and Bert held onto her hips, pulling her back against him as he came. He thrust a few more times and then withdrew his cock from her ass. They disengaged and sat down looking at John and I and the four of us could only look at each other and grin. I fucked Bert once that day and John fucked me but I didn't get to fuck Edith. When I left, I went home to a warm bath again and my memories of the day. As I left, Edith told me to come back any time and I told her I would but only if I could fuck her in the ass. She said that maybe, next time I could but, maybe she could find someone else whom I would enjoy fucking too. That brought a weak response from my cock and I wondered what she meant as I sat in the warm water. 

I still want to feel a cock up my ass so if you are close, let me know. Maybe you can be the first. Until my adventure continues...