 Albert was the caretaker of the house full of flats where I was living. He was a big, burly, hairy man; not a great intellect or conversationalist, just an ordinary middle-aged working class guy who presumably got his little apartment free or reduced in return for collecting the rent and doing work on the property.

I had been having a bad time with depression and, this being a long time ago, the medication I was given was not one of the sophisticated modern ones. Apart from improving my mood by making me less sensitive to emotions, it had completely blotted out my libido, but I wasn't worried. I was in a sort of chemical cocoon where I felt safe.

After a few months of improvement I gradually reduced the dose until one day I took none. Soon my libido returned, but rather changed. I had up to that point been staunchly heterosexual, with the occasional gay thought as a teenager, but nothing to concern me.

One day, though, I became obsessed with Albert. I found myself thinking about his big, unsubtle body and his carefree manner. Nothing seemed to bother him and he had simple pleasures: watching football and eating TV dinners in his room seemed to be the extent of his hobbies. And he liked a beer, but always at home.

One evening as I arrived home he called to me from his window that it was rent day, and I said okay, I would bring it down later.

I had something to eat and a glass of wine and, thinking nothing of it, skipped down the stairs and knocked on his door.

Albert opened it bare-chested. He might not have intended that to have an effect, but it did. My newly-restored sexuality stirred and I was under his influence immediately.

I gave him the money and he offered me a beer. He was wearing scruffy old loose jeans and nothing on his feet. It was a bedsit - what would be known now as a studio apartment - and what that meant was that he had a table and chair, a sink and a small cooker, an armchair and a bed. A single bed, unmade, with just a sheet on it as it was a warm week in high summer. In a corner was a pile of dirty clothes, waiting for a trip to the launderette. The TV was on and he motioned to me to sit in the comfortable chair.

"Back in a minute," he said, leaving the room. I sat down, but then, looking at the laundry pile, I saw a pair of underpants. Helpless to resist, I walked over and picked them up. The pile smelled of him, his upper body. The pants smelled of his cock, his urine, his arse. I know that because I put them to my nose and took in the aromas. I began to look at his pictures on the wall, and was absorbed in them when I heard the door and turned round to see him enter the room, adjusting his trousers. I realized in a panic-stricken second that I was still holding his underpants. He looked at them in my hand and said, "Got to do the washing tomorrow."

I tossed the pants back onto the pile and wondered if he had read anything into this. My answer came when he looked in a drawer and pulled out a small magazine.

"You like reading?," he said. "You're an intelligent bloke."

Albert handed me the magazine and sat down on the bed. I sat back in the chair and had a quick glance at the mag. I had seen some in that format before: Forum and that sort of thing. Sex mags but more stories and letters than pictures. This was like that, but the cover showed two men and a woman. Naked. The woman had two cocks in her hands, and was looking at one of the men with a sly smile.

I opened the magazine and saw it was picture stories. The woman sucking one cock, then the other, then being fucked by one guy, then the other. And then, when I turned the page, she was sitting on one guy's face while the other sucked his cock.

Gay sex wasn't as open as it is now, and I had never seen such a thing before.

Albert walked over to the wardrobe and took out what I quickly realized was a red dress. Cheap, thin and shapeless.

"I want you to put that on," he said quietly, looking at the pants pile.

"What?" I began. I wasn't actually refusing, but waiting for a reason to do it.

"Just see what it feels like," he said. "Experiment, like." He nodded to the wardrobe door and said, "You can go behind there." A flash of madness hit me and I did as he suggested. I quickly undressed. I thought about keeping my underpants on but decided against it. I looked in the mirror on the wardrobe door and thought I looked ridiculous. But I didn't feel ridiculous; that feeling was swamped by a much more powerful feeling: lust. I wasn't sure what was about to happen, but I knew it was going to be incredibly horny.

"Ready?" Albert called. I stepped out from my hiding place. The dress came halfway down my thighs. It was easily broad enough for me. Sleeveless. I felt flat-chested. It smelled of aftershave and I got the feeling I wasn't the first man to have worn it.

"Come over here," Albert said. "Turn around." I turned so my back was towards him and he stood up and pulled me to him. He was feeling my tits through the fabric, squeezing my non-existent breasts. Then he out a hand through and actually caressed the skin. At the same time he lowered his head to the back of my neck and kissed it.

The game was up: I wasn't going to resist, even though I thought I should. He licked the top of my back in a firm, dirty, provocative movement. Then he reached under the skirt and placed a big, rough hand on my thigh. He felt around a bit, to see if there were any pants.

"Good girl," he said approvingly, as he took my erect cock in his hand. I loved the size of his hand, the power of his fingers and the dry, crusty skin. He wanked me a little, while continuing the dirty licking, this time up the side of my neck. Then he spun me around, enveloped me in his big, hairy arms and kissed me. 

Again I thought of resisting, but his tongue forced its way into my mouth and I found I liked it. I wrapped my arms around his back, smelling his manly sweat. I kissed the dirty fucker back and my cock instinctively rubbed against him.

Albert skillfully undid his trousers and stepped out of them. I thought he was bound to ask me to suck him but he didn't. He knelt in front of me and took my cock in his monstrous hand and plunged it into his big, unsubtle, functional mouth, lifting the dress for better access and feeling my bottom.

"You ever done this before?" he asked.

"No," I said nervously.

"You like it, though," he said confidently. I said nothing. My swollen cock and willing body were doing all the talking.

Albert placed his huge middle finger between my buttocks and slid it forcefully into my anus. I flinched but then relaxed as it felt so good.

"I'm gonna fuck you," he said.

"I know," I replied.

He walked to the little fridge and took out a tub of soft margarine. Taking a large fingerful he came back to me and rubbed it into my crack. I was dead scared and thrilled at the same time. For the first time in my life I was being overpowered, both physically and mentally, emotionally. All the times I had foisted myself on an apparently reluctant girl suddenly became different. They had probably felt like I did now. I felt I shouldn't allow this, yet I wanted it and was going to let it happen.

Albert marched me to the bed, pulled the dress up and off and turned me around.

"Kneel on the bed,' he instructed. I knelt on the bed with my arsehole greasy and afraid. I felt his hairy thighs against my smooth ones as he got into position. His big hands held my ribcage as he pushed his big, ignorant, unsophisticated cock into my arse. I yelled in pain and he shushed me.

"You want everybody to hear?" he admonished. Of course I didn't. I was in the caretaker's room, naked and being fucked. The fact that I liked it only made things worse.

I contained my agony as he pushed that big fat cock into my arse. It was an incredible feeling and the more he pounded me, the more I liked it.

He didn't last long. With a long, low grunt he climaxed and emptied his dirty workman's semen into me.

I had been seduced, sucked, made to dress up and fucked up the arse.

"You'd better go," Albert said, passing me a piece of kitchen paper. "Before I want to do it again."

I quickly wiped up and got dressed and headed for the door and safety. But it occurred to me that the safety I really wanted was to be in bed with him. I was ashamed, but changed.

"Thanks," I said.

"Any time," Albert said without smiling. "You know where I am." Yes, and you know where I am, I thought. We would have to be careful with this, because I knew it was going to happen again, possibly later that evening.

Back in my flat, I had a shower and went to bed early, half-dreading a knock on the door but disappointed when it didn't come. Perhaps soon I would need some work done. A leaking pipe or something. Then Albert would have to come to my place.