 I spent many nights with Bert and Edith since then but the most erotic night happened when I encountered John and Bert in the park. I was out walking along a path known as the Gay Stroll and I heard a muffled moan in the bushes. I looked around and seeing no one, I decided to see if I could find where the moan was coming from and why, although I knew that I would find two men doing each other.

I stopped just inside the bushes where I was out of sight of anyone walking down the path. I listened for another moan and it was but a minute when I heard it again coming from somewhere off to my left. It was dark and so I walked very slowly and hopefully, quietly enough so no one heard me, steadily into the bushes. It took me a while to get to the point where I could hear the moans louder and as I rounded a corner, I noticed the trees and bushes were getting denser. I kept walking until I reached a dead end in the path but as I looked around, I noticed a clearing just off to my right. I thought I could see some movement in the clearing so I crept closer, quietly.

When I finally found a vantage point that I could see the whole clearing from, I saw a group of men, some standing and others sucking cocks. In the middle of the group, one man was fucking another while the men watching had their hard cocks out, rubbing them. It was hard to make out any faces because of the darkness, but I could see the man's cock going in and out of the other man's ass hole quite clearly. I immediately thought of Edith, fucking me with the big black dildo and my cock rose to its full length. 

As I watched, the two men fucking started to come. They both were now moaning and groaning loudly and the men around them, watching, were rubbing their hard cocks faster. I reached down and started to undo my zipper and reached in to grab my hard cock, straining against my shorts. As I rubbed my cock, I watched another man move in behind the man on the ground on his hands and knees, inserting his long, hard cock into his ass hole in one thrust. He immediately started thrusting in and out of the man's ass quickly and would pull his long cock almost all the way out before plunging back into the man's hole. As I watched the men fuck, I noticed several of the others were taking off their clothes and pairing off. 

I noticed one pair in particular, whom I thought looked familiar and they had their clothes off and were in a 69 position, sucking each other's cock. I could see from my vantage point, each of their cocks sliding in and out of each other's mouth. I watched them for a few minutes and then looked back at the men fucking in the middle of the clearing. I suddenly realized that this was a gang bang as, in a few minutes, another man was fucking the man on the ground and grunting as he came inside him. Another man moved in and thrust his cock into the man and starting fucking him vigorously. I kind of lost track of how many men fucked the man on the ground but almost every one in the clearing had their turn.

I was really horny just watching these men having a good time with each other, so I decided to see if I could join them. I shoved my cock back inside my shorts and pants and crept back out the path again. I started to look for another way to get to the clearing and after a few minutes of looking, I found a small opening in the bushes that entered the clearing. I hesitated for a moment at the edge of the clearing. None of the men had noticed me and I was a little apprehensive about entering the clearing. I thought back quickly to the first time Bert and John had fucked me and how it felt, and I decided that I wanted to be fucked again. So here I was, standing in the bushes, hornier than hell, watching men fuck and suck each other and wanting to be a part of it too. It had only been two weeks since I first had met Bert and had sex with him in his car, but I felt comfortable about wanting to have sex with these men, even though, they were complete strangers.

I took a step into the clearing and waited for someone to see me. Finally, one of the men watching the couple fucking, looked around and spotted me. He nudged the guy next to him and they both turned and looked at me. No one said anything but the two men, with their cocks hanging out of their pants, walked over and led me further into the clearing.

The two men took up positions around me, one in front and one in the back. I felt my zipper being taken down and a hand reach inside to pull my still hard cock out of my shorts. The man behind me was rubbing his hard cock against my ass and I could feel its hardness through my pants. The man in front of me was now undoing my belt and button on my pants as the man behind me was pulling my shirt up over my head. Soon I was standing in the middle of the clearing without a stitch of clothing on and hard a finger in my ass and my cock was being engulfed in a mouth. 

It felt so good to be finger fucked and sucked at the same time. Because I was extremely horny, it didn't take long for me to come in the man's mouth and I emptied all my come into him, which he swallowed. He stood up and kissed me, thrusting his tongue deep into my mouth and I could taste my come on his tongue. The man behind me now had two fingers in my ass and was thrusting them in and out of me harder and faster. The man in front of me stepped back and I leaned forward to take his cock in my mouth. As I did, the man behind me withdrew his fingers and I felt his cock against my cheeks. He slowly thrust his cock into me and started slowly, thrusting in and out, fucking me deeply. It was a little uncomfortable, leaning forward so I quickly took the man's cock out of my mouth and leaned forward onto my elbows and knees, sticking my ass up in the air to give the man behind me more access to my hole. I quickly grabbed the man's cock in front of me and stuffed it back into my mouth as the man behind me, quickly, reentered me and started fucking me harder. 

The cock in my mouth started to spurt warm come into my mouth and the man grunted as he came. I swallowed as quickly as I could and his come was sweet and warm as it slithered down my throat. He stood up after finishing, and he man behind me started to come too. I felt his warm come spurting up my canal as he thrust one and two more times before holding my hips against his groin as he finished. He withdrew his cock and I leaned back on my haunches and looked around. 

There were other couples fucking but I noticed the two men I had watched in a 69 were looking at me. I decided to join them and as I got closer to them, I recognized John. He smiled when I reached them and held out his arms, giving me a hug and kissed me. I moved in between John and the other man and they started feeling me and caressing me. My cock was starting to rise again and soon, John had it in his mouth, sucking on it, bringing it to its full length. The other man was rimming my ass and I could feel his tongue entering my ass hole.

My mind wandered again back to the first fucking I had gotten from John and I wanted to feel his cock inside me again. I stopped John and told him that I wanted to feel his hard cock inside my ass. He quickly turned me around and pushed me down to my knees. He thrust his long hard cock into me in one thrust and started to fuck me hard. The other man had moved in front of me and I took his cock into my mouth, sucking on it and licking it as John continued to fuck me harder and harder. Soon, the man in front of me started coming and as I swallowed his come, I felt John's come spurt up into me. He groaned loudly as he came, and he held me against him, until he was finished. He slowly withdrew his cock from my ass and some of his come, ran down my leg. He leaned forward and licked the come off my leg and then the three of us sat back to rest and watch the others in the clearing.

As I watched the orgy happening in front of me, my mind wandered again and I couldn't believe that I was here and was doing what I was doing when only a short time ago, I had never had sex with a man or even thought about it.

I found that I was enjoying male sex more than ever and I wanted more so I stood up and walked over to another man, standing by himself. I reached for his cock and he pulled me to him, kissing me and thrusting his tongue into my mouth. We stood kissing for a few minutes and then I got down and took his cock and put it in my mouth, savoring the taste of it. I licked the entire length of it and sucked it deep into my mouth. I swirled my tongue around its head and grabbed his ass, pulling him deeper into my mouth. He started to fuck my face and I let him thrust his cock in and out of my mouth. When he came, he held his cock still in my mouth, spurting his come into me and I again, swallowed it all. He spurted into me for what seemed like a long time and I swallowed and swallowed as he came over and over again. He finally finished and I stood up. I thanked me and walked away, leaving me with a hardening cock and no one to take care of it. 

I noticed another man lying on the ground, away from the others. I slowly walked over to him and he looked at me and then my cock. He reached up and pulled me down to him, taking my hard cock in his mouth as he did. I straddled his head and leaned forward a little. I let him suck my cock for a few minutes but I wanted to fuck his face so I started thrusting slowly, up and down, in and out of his mouth. He realized what I wanted and just lay back and let me fuck his face. He grabbed my ass and pulled me up and down as I fucked him and he was rewarded with a mouth full of come. He swallowed and I spurted into him three or four times before I was finished. I slowly pulled my cock out of his mouth and he licked it gently and softly, cleaning it as he did. I got off him and we changed positions. He was soon thrusting his cock in and out of my mouth as I let him fuck my face.

It didn't take long for him to spurt come into me and I swallowed it all. It was warm and sweet as it went down my throat. I did the same as he had to me after he finished, I licked and cleaned his cock off before he stood up and walked away.

John came over and introduced me to a few of the other men and as we talked, we had cocks in our hands. The man next to me again, looked familiar, as I realized that it was Bert and he had been the middle on the ground in the middle of the clearing, who was being fucked by all the other men. He smiled at me and reached over to take my cock in his hand. It didn't take long for Bert and me to pair off and I soon had Bert deep inside my ass hole. He thrust his cock deep inside me and fucked me like he had never fucked me before. Some of the other men were watching and I could hear them urging Bert on as he continued to fuck me harder. He came inside me and I could feel his cock twitching as he spurt his come deep into me. He withdrew his cock and another man stepped forward, thrusting into me in one movement. I realized that I was going to be the center of attraction for a time as each man in the group took his turn fucking me. 

After they had all had their turn, my ass was really sore and all I wanted to do was rest and watch. I knew I couldn't take another cock up my ass again that night but I did suck off a few of the men and swallowed, what seemed like a ton of come, before the night was over. I finally had had enough and quietly got dressed and left the clearing. I looked at my watch and found that four hours had passed since I had gone for a walk. When I got home, I sank into a warm tub and felt my ass hole smarting in the hot water. I sat there remembering the night and tried to count the number of cocks I had had inside my ass and my mouth. I couldn't remember, exactly, but I will truly remember that night for a long time. Maybe next week, I'll go for another walk about the same time and in the same direction.

I still haven't heard from anyone close to here so my ass hole is still a virgin. Maybe soon, someone will be in touch to help me out. Will it be you?