 Tuesday morning I went straight to the wheel to get it ready to open. Frank was already there. I stopped some distance away to screw up my courage.

He had a hell of a shiner and his nose was still swollen like nothing I'd ever seen. I took a deep breath and slowly proceeded in his direction.

When he saw me he stopped what he was doing. He looked down and sort of shuffled his feet.

In spite of the condition of his nose it was still properly aligned on his face so, as Roy had told me, it didn't appear to be broken. I was glad of that.

"Morning, Frank."

"Morning," he responded, sounding sullen.

"There's something I meant to say yesterday and I never got around to it before all hell broke loose."

He gave me a suspicious look and seemed to scan the vicinity, maybe checking to see if Roy was close by.

"You were absolutely right...I had no business going up there alone. I'm really sorry for the trouble I caused you...and...I just want to thank you for climbing up to rescue me from the jam I got myself into. I was a dumbass and it was lucky for me you were there."

He stuck his hand out to me. I shook it.

"Don't mention it, son. After a day to think on it I've got something to say too. I'm sorry for what I said...and how I've been acting with you."

"It's forgotten already," I assured him.

"Good...thanks. It was a mighty dangerous thing you did to be sure...but it was mighty brave too, risking life and limb on my account. You weren't being a piss-ant...you were being a carny...looking out for your brother's interest. I see that now."

"Why don't you take today off too...tend to...that...some more. You wouldn't have it except for me. I can run this for you."

I wasn't quite sure how to call attention to his face.

"I should, but I can't afford to lose the money."

"I'll tell Roy to dock me your regular pay. You deserve it."

He was at a loss for words for a moment.

"That's mighty nice of you, Ed."

He stuck his hand out to me again and I accepted it. He laughed.

"Hell, I'd just scare customers off anyway looking like this. I'll take you up on it. Let's check the gears."

We got on opposite sides and I did what I should have done the day before. I waited and watched, matching him step for step on our way up. When we got down he thanked me again and we shook hands one more time, then he left me to finish opening for him.

Roy came along sometime later.

"Where's Frank?"

"He still looks a little green around the gills...well, purple really. I told him I'd run his wheel so he could go back to his trailer. I'd say he needs another day to tend to himself. You can dock me his regular pay and see that he gets it."

Roy looked proud of me.

"We'll work it out somehow. So how's his mood?"

"I think we kissed and made up. He called me Ed. That was a big improvement over the names he usually calls me."

Roy laughed and looked down at his feet. When he looked back up he grinned and made a pained face.

"I hate to think of you kissing a mug as ugly as his...but I guess I'm glad to hear it. Looks like it's my turn, now. I'll check in on you later, sport."

Off he went.

Over dinner that night Roy told me he'd decided we would take Thursday off to get in as much special time as we could before parting company on Friday. He offered his day's pay to Frank if he would cover for him. Frank agreed to it.

I spent Wednesday on the job as usual, but took extra time to say goodbye to all my friends on the crew and thank them for adopting me the way they did. Some of the ladies teared up on me and brought me dangerously close to doing the same.

That night Roy and I got an early start on the long goodbye he'd arranged.

We started with a nice, long, extremely amorous shower together. He drove us to Chattanooga and treated me to what had to be an expensive dinner, then we hurried back to the room to get naked.

Stretching out on the bed we rolled in to face each other and settled in for a long session of passionate, deep kissing. Soon our cocks were raging hard and bumping heads for some kissing of their own.

We finally came up for air and separated just enough that I could take one in each hand for a head to head comparison. I pressed back into his pad enough to appreciate his superiority in length but, as always, the truly mouthwatering feature was its whopping girth.

"I can't imagine a dick looking more like the man it's attached to," I mused, "so big, strong looking...so handsome!"

"I'll have to take your word for it. I never get quite as good a look at it as you," he chuckled, patting his paunch.

I let go of his cock to give his belly a rub. Roy laid his hand over mine and pressed it to him.

"Well don't shed an ounce of this! If Bruce will take me back on the payroll next summer...and if you can take me on again...I want every bit of it to still be here."

"Stop talking nonsense!" he chided me.

A pang of panic spread out from the center of my chest before he continued.

"I'm just trying to figure out how I can possibly last that long without you."

I heaved a sigh of relief and pressed my face to his furry, muscle-girded breast. He stroked my cheek and peppered the top of my head with affectionate kisses.

When he released me I resumed rubbing our cock heads together.

"I love your foreskin. It's so nice to nibble on...and play with...soft and beautiful. And your cock looks so comfy inside it. It must feel wonderful. I wish I still had mine."

He gently brushed the hand I held his dick in aside and replaced it with his. Then he rolled his foreskin up over the head until his soft ring of skin slipped over a portion of my glans. I shivered at its soothing touch.

"Oh, Roy!"

I pushed my hips forward to try getting deeper inside it. He smiled.

"Come on in. There's room for one more."

He snugged his fingers around the opening and let me push on in until he could pinch it off behind my corona. My cock head slipped up on top of his.

"OH-H-H-H, ROY!" I exclaimed in my surprise when its warmth and velvet-like softness enveloped me.

I shivered and my skin broke out in chilblains. He chuckled at my ecstatic reaction.

"What's mine is yours, Ed...it's all yours."

"We should've done this a long time ago!"

He leaned in and kissed me.

"I'm sorry. It's all I've ever known about having a dick...only realized just now how special you regard it."

"It is...VERY special. Thank you."

He started rolling it up and back over us.

"Oh, god...oh, GOD...you're going to make me come!" I warned him.

"Good...don't hold back," he sighed as he pinched it off behind my corona again.

He stuffed his tongue back in my mouth. Suddenly I had no choice and immediately erupted, flooding our cock heads in a torrent of my semen.

"Mmmmm...your cum feels nice and warm," he contentedly moaned.

Roy cupped his other hand under our conjoined cocks and released his foreskin. He lifted it to his mouth and lapped the catch onto his tongue, then fed it back to me in another deep kiss.

"I love you so much!" he softly spoke.

I looked down. His cock was raging hard. Veins were standing out on it and the bulky head was coated in my love juice.

I peered into his eyes. They were smoldering. I pushed him onto his back.

Peeling his foreskin back, I dove onto his love hungry member and tried to get it down in my throat. It fought back, swelling to enormous thickness as I pounded my soft palate against the unyielding hardness of its bloated head.

Roy knew what I wanted and started discouraging my effort in fear for my safety. I was gagging like crazy on him at first, but eventually discovered that our gag reflex can be beaten into submission. I soldiered on and on.

His protests gradually died off the more riveted he became by my determined assault. Once or twice it felt as though I might actually succeed. He erupted before I could manage it.

I pressed down on his spurting phallus until I could neither breathe nor swallow. Rivulets of his creamy gift began to roll from my lips down his shaft and onto my clutching fist.

Roy violently convulsed in his orgasm while grunting and growling like the bear he was. I stayed down on him until I knew its aftershocks had completely subsided.

I lifted my head and looked at him, my expression apparently acknowledging my defeat, then licked his cum off my hand. What still clung to my lips began rolling down onto my chin.

He opened his arms to me and I shifted up to avail myself of his hug.

"You'll get him one of these days, sport" he consoled me.

I loved it when he talked about his dick in the third person like that and nestled the back of my head into the crook of his neck with a chuckle. He cradled me for a few minutes and then gently rolled me off to his side.

In a flash I found his furry bulk on top of me and he started playfully lapping his seed from my chin and lips. I laughed like a little boy being overwhelmed by his adoring, full-grown St. Bernard.

Losing had never felt so much like winning.

I always found being pinned under Roy's weight an arousing thrill and eagerly kissed at his fat tongue each time he dragged it over my mouth. He lifted his head and gazed into my eyes.

"Bet Linda Lovelace couldn't swallow that damn tree stump either."

He laughed and kissed me on the forehead.

"She'd never even get the chance to try, handsome."

The rest of the night was more deep kissing, groping and confessions of love.

The next day was more of the same. We only donned our clothes long enough go out for breakfast, lunch and supper. Roy never missed his three meal a day schedule, and I wouldn't have had it any other way.

Friday morning started the toughest day of my life to that point. I tried to be strong for him as he'd asked and fought off each and every threat of tears as it came up.

At the bus station he followed me to the ticket window. My bus didn't leave for three more hours. We found a bench and sat.

I didn't know how much longer I would be able to hold my tears back.

"You really don't have to wait, Roy. I can take it from here and you've got a drive ahead of you."

"This is so much harder than I thought it would be...but I think I understand."

"Thank you...for EVERYthing."

"Same here, sport."

We stood up. He pulled out his wallet and fished a piece of paper from it.

I unfolded it. It was a street address in Pensacola, Florida.

"That's where to find me off-season," he told me, "No phone. Hardly ever there. But you can sure write me."

"I will, Roy. You know I will."

"And if you're ever in the neighborhood..."

I bit my lip and nodded.

We looked at all the people milling around. He cast his eyes downward and awkwardly stuck his huge right paw out at me. I started to reach for it.

"Fuck 'em!" he said at the last second and wrapped me in his arms.

I threw mine around that massive chest and my tears began to fall. Then I felt one trickle down in front of my ear and knew that his brave face had failed him too.

"You take good care of yourself, Ed!" he said as he nearly hugged the breath out of me.

"You too, Roy!"

We broke our embrace and he beat a hasty retreat for the door, hiding his tears from me. I watched him exit, then sat and quietly sobbed for more than two hours until my bus boarded.

I managed to dry up at some point on the trip. At nearly eleven that night the bus pulled into the Lexington station.

My parents were both there to meet me. I didn't realize how much I'd missed them till I laid eyes on them.

"Eddie-e-e-e!" they shouted almost in unison.

Eddie lit up and gave his folks big hugs. Meanwhile, Ed inwardly wept again for the life - and the man - he'd left behind.

There I was, in that silly wagon wheel bed. I couldn't sleep for wondering what Roy was doing and if he was alright. I couldn't sleep...because I didn't have that incredibly comforting snore to drop off to.

My dad had thoughtfully been checking the paper for used cars the last few days before my arrival. We went out after breakfast that Saturday morning and looked at them.

Since the money was mine I had hoped to be a little more involved in winnowing the field of selections. But I had spent a lifetime helping him maintain our cars and fully trusted his ability to assess their worth and ease of maintenance.

Besides, we were working on a short timetable. It was August 25th and classes would start on September 4th, the day after Labor Day.

The one that really grabbed my eye was a '67 Mustang hardtop coupe. It was red with a black interior and even had factory air - a luxury feature back then. It was still in showroom condition, too.

At $900 it was a little more than I had hoped to pay, and there was no way I could see Roy being able to fit in it. It's funny how thoughts like that maintain leverage over you. There was no guarantee in my future of even seeing him again, much less ever offering him a ride.

I settled on a '65 two-tone Plymouth Satellite, aqua body with a white hardtop. At $725 it too was in nearly perfect condition, had an aftermarket under-dash air unit, and was also a two-door that I could visualize Roy at least standing a chance of sliding his big butt and belly in and out of.

The $175 I saved with that decision would go a long way toward keeping me in spending money over the coming academic year. It was the equivalent of nearly $1000 in today's economy.

I registered for classes on Monday the 27th. The next day I drove back for orientation and to hit the campus bookstore for my textbooks.

By Thursday I was moved into my dorm room. My roommate was a bitter disappointment after spending the summer with Roy.

I tried to keep a positive outlook, still trying to be strong for him. I was dying to see him, or at least find some way to let him know I was alright - if a bit disappointed in the future that stretched ahead for me.

Labor Day weekend was a trial. My dorm mates were bouncing off the walls in their newfound freedom. I felt like an adult among kindergartners considering the level of freedom I had lost.

The man I loved would be on the road still for most of September. I pulled his address from my wallet and stared at it.

Before long I found myself writing him to report on the flurry of activity I had just lived through. He wouldn't see it for nearly another month but it made me feel better.

The weekend wasn't even over before I had written him again.

Once classes started my time felt more occupied, but it seemed like the ache in my heart only got worse. I couldn't have cared less about English comp, biology, college algebra, German and accounting.

After three months of having my eyes opened to the adventure that abounded out in the real world, college seemed like little more than a painstakingly slow guided tour through some musty museum your parents drag you through - for your own good of course.

By the end of September I had written Roy another fourteen letters. The last six of them were unabashed love letters in which I poured my heart out to him.

I tried to concentrate on my school work. It was hopeless, though.

By the end of my first month of classes I was consumed with feelings that real life and true love were slipping through my fingers. My mind filled with visions of Roy and the life we'd shared...life on the road.

After more than two months of sucking that astoundingly fat cock, riding that magnificent medicine ball of a belly, and simply lying naked with him for hours on end, remembering him in detail was no problem. I saw him in my mind's eye with photographic clarity right down to the endearing flaws I cherished in his middle-aged skin.

By mid-October I knew Roy was home in Pensacola, yet I hadn't received reply one from him. I was distraught; feeling jilted and that I had been duped into giving the man my heart and soul for what he had simply viewed as an unlimited supply of sex he didn't have to pay for.

I would have strangled him - if I could've come anywhere close to getting both my hands around what little of his massive neck showed from those unimaginably wide, thick shoulders.

On October 19th I found a letter in my mail addressed in his unmistakable handwriting. My heart pounded in my chest as I opened it.

I wanted to just rip the envelope apart like Christmas wrapping paper, but I couldn't bring myself to disturb the penmanship that looked as special to me in that moment as the hulking hard-on I'd spent over an hour admiring on that sweltering morning when we left Christiansburg.

It was a reply directly to my first letter, full of his encouragement to give my parents' hopes and dreams for me due consideration. I heard each and every word of it in his soothing yet stern bass tone as I read them. In my imagination he sounded exactly as he had when he admonished me to stay with my parents back in July.

I continued to receive a letter a day right through November 6th - each one a direct reply to the letters I had sent him in the order they were mailed. In each one his tone softened in accordance with the level of despair I'd shared in the missive he was replying to.

By November 6th, his last reply, he sounded at last like the Roy who'd had wheeled around and rushed from the bus station to keep me from seeing his tears. I was overjoyed to have him back.

We wrote regularly and promptly. I continued to attend my classes, but I knew I was going to flunk every one of them by then.

College in the spring was not going to be an option for me. I didn't know how to break that news to Mom and Dad.

It had to be done, though. I took Bruce and Frieda into my confidence.

Fabulous Frieda had forsaken her stage name by then and reverted to her given name of Mildred - well, Millie for short. I was still struggling to honor her preference at that time after years of thinking of her as Frieda, even calling her that the entire time we were crew mates.

His advice, being the stand up guy he'd always been, was to simply rip it off like a bandage and get it over with. If I could find some kind of menial job to tide me over till March, he would put me back on the road with Roy until my inevitable scholastic probation ended and I could resume school the next fall.

He never failed me when it came to common sense solutions for seemingly complex problems. I got the nasty deed out of the way shortly after my nineteenth birthday but well before Thanksgiving so we could eat in peace.

I wrote to Roy and informed him of Bruce's offer. He responded immediately and was elated by the news. So was I!

By the time March rolled around I had been back at my parents' for more than two months. The role of Eddie was taking its toll and I was anxious to resume being Ed.

I had managed to keep myself financially independent from them with a job flipping burgers, but it was hardly the kind of independence I had enjoyed on the road as a member of the crew. It kept me in a little spending money, gassed up my car and paid the insurance premium.

Mom and Dad adapted to my scholastic failure quickly enough and became quite supportive. But in spite of their love and support, sleeping in that wagon wheel twin bed among all the accoutrements of my boyhood was something I was particularly anxious to escape.

I was nineteen and shaving almost daily by then, and the patches of hair on my chest and stomach were filling in nicely. The sedentary student life and physically unchallenging job that followed had taken its toll on my musculature, though.

My weight was down to nearly 180 pounds and a lot of the hardness and roundness I'd been so proud of at the end of my big adventure had gone with it. I could hardly wait to reclaim it.

Roy and I gave up our frequent postal communications while I lived there. It left a huge void in my life and I was eager to fill it.
