 "Home sweet home," Roy said as he cut the engine.

We had pulled up to a small late '40s or early '50s Frank Lloyd Wright style house with a sloping roof. It was modest and located in a neighborhood that was beginning to go to seed, but was very tidy and well maintained. 

There were two bedrooms with one bath and it had a carport for a single car that also housed a small utility room. In that was a small washer that was outdated even for the '70s, but it worked and was all Roy needed. 

Most of the drying was done on the clothes line in the back yard. It was the square kind that rotated. Heavier items could be washed and dried at a corner laundromat that was within walking distance if push came to shove.

It was very unpretentious and met all our basic needs. If someone had asked me to sketch what I thought Roy's house might look like I think it would've been almost exactly what greeted me in Pensacola.

Roy was good for his word. His every reference to it on the trip there had been joined to the words 'we' and 'our'. From the moment I saw it, 'home' was exactly how it felt.

I was still in a bit of shock from the confrontation we'd had with Bruce. Having someone as close as we'd always been suddenly turn his back on me over something as simple and natural as love was devastating. There was also the uncertainty of my future relationship with my parents looming over me.

It was a couple of weeks before I screwed up the courage to try calling them to see what they knew and where we stood. Suffice it to say it didn't go well.

In his anger Bruce spilled the beans about his discovery to my dad. I had no idea how detailed he might have been, but my parents were 'God-fearing Christians' who found the thought of their son in a loving relationship with a man too much to handle, much less one who was a bit older than they were. I was effectively disowned.

There was the matter of my car. Roy offered to drive me there to get it. I was honest with him that I thought it best if I took care of it myself. 

Dad had been suitably impressed with Roy's imposing build as my guardian, but who knew what kind of scene might unfold with the revelation that he was my lover and sex partner? Roy said he understood.

We agreed I would take the bus back to Kentucky to collect my car and what few belongings I still wanted from the life I'd led there. The experience was jarring to say the least. They acted as if I was a stranger.

It was a difficult trip, but it gave me time to think about my future. I quickly decided any future that didn't include Roy was one I wanted no part of. In my mind I'd made my commitment to him for better or worse during that more than six hundred mile drive from Bristol to Pensacola.

By the time I got back there with my car I had come to terms with my orphan status and knew that there was no looking back; only forward.

Roy had allowed his own family ties to crumble away and felt they were extremely important. He always encouraged me to leave the door open for reconciliation. 

My parents and I did eventually reconcile, but Roy was gone by then and they never accepted him for the ally they'd had in him. He taught me before he passed not to begrudge them that; not by his words so much as his deeds and the simple goodness of his heart. 

But that's a story for another time.

This one picks up with my return to Roy and the ties we formed as we forged ahead. He made it implicitly clear they were unconditional on his part and I strove in every way to reciprocate.

I turned twenty that November. It was just Roy and I. 

We had no peers we were aware of. Pensacola was a military town and very hostile to the unorthodoxy of same-sex relationships. A May/December romance like ours would have been frowned upon even more.

When he turned fifty the following February it was the same. It might sound like a lonely life, but we never saw it that way. As long as we had each other we both believed we had everything we could ask for. I guess we learned that being on the road.

This is not to say there weren't stressful times. Roy was a crew chief who no longer had a crew. However little he might've let it show, I think losing that must have weighed heavy on him at times.

He was always on the lookout for new carnival circuits, but refused all offers when they excluded him being able to take me with him as a paid employee. I encouraged him to follow his chosen vocation but he wouldn't hear of it. He said eight months a year without me was no life worth living as far as he was concerned.

It seemed to break my heart much more than his when that proud man would have to claim unemployment to make ends meet during those first twenty-two months. Roy always said it was no handout. He said he'd paid it in while he was working so it was rightfully his. Of course he was right. 

His strength of character and clearheaded wisdom never cracked. More than anything else, that was what got us through.

Whenever I was insecure and needed his sex to comfort me he never denied it. I comforted him the same during his more vulnerable episodes.

However financially lean it was, life with him was giving me a level of confidence I had never known. 

My constant fear of 'discovery' kept me meek before the advent of our relationship. I had been living my life like a sheep, being herded along by the will of others. Roy's influence changed that.

The night he first invited me into his bed I realized that I shared my sexual proclivities with a man nobody could mistake for anything but a man. My self-confidence immediately began to blossom. The longer we were together the more it flowered.

One afternoon we had a large load of bed linens to wash that our washer had no hope of handling. Roy needed to take care of some business at the bank. 

He pulled up to the laundromat and we loaded our laundry into a couple of washers. The place was empty except for us so I told him to go on to the bank while I stayed with the clothes.

Roy hadn't been gone long when I heard a motorcycle roll up outside. A guy walked in.

He was about Roy's size, but soft looking by comparison. He was probably in his mid-thirties, dressed in ragged bluejeans and a leather vest with nothing underneath it. 

The man's body was probably the hairiest I've ever seen; I'm talking 'missing link'. His hair was greasy and on the long side. He had an unkempt beard and wore a 'fuck off' scowl that never broke. 

He strode right up to me and sneered. His body odor was foul and he smelled of alcohol.

"You must be the new butt boy."

"The what?" I asked in disbelief.

"Butt boy...you deaf?"

"I don't know what you mean."

"Well I know Roy Manus when I see him. He dropped you off here to do his laundry. If what they say about him is true then I'll bet that ain't all you do for him...butt boy."

He gave his crotch a squeeze.

My heart was pounding by then. I had a pretty good idea where he was going with the confrontation and I didn't like it.

"It's Roy 'MAC'Manus..."

Why I bothered correcting him I'll never know.

"...and I still don't know what you're talking about."

"Don't matter," he said, leering at me, "I'm done talking. I want my dick sucked. You're going to do it...and before he gets back...now get in that bathroom!" he ordered me, pointing at the small toilet facility.

"No."

He grabbed my hair and slapped the shit out of me. Using the handful of my hair to gain my cooperation he pulled me to my feet and then started walking toward the restroom with me behind him. 

I struggled trying to free myself from his grip. He wheeled on me and pulled me up till we were eye to eye. His cold glare could've stopped a freight train.

"We can do this the easy way, or we can do it the hard way. Take your pick. Don't matter to me. My dick gets sucked either way."

He slapped me again, harder. I felt something warm on my chin. He had split my lip.

The guy spread his stance and pulled my face up to within a couple of inches of his to drive home his point. 

I saw my opportunity. He had left himself wide open and I quickly planted a knee in his crotch with everything I had. 

He let go of me and dropped to his knees with both hands folded over it. I wanted him all the way down and busted him in the chops, splitting his lip too. 

He still didn't go so I landed one more kick, but to his sagging stomach that time. He slumped forward and went down onto his forearms. 

Looking fairly harmless at that point, I sat in a chair and kept my eyes on him while I tried to collect my wits. In the meantime Roy showed up. I looked over my shoulder at him and he saw I was bleeding.

"Oh my god! Ed! What happened?"

He came running around to where I was sitting and discovered Bigfoot bent over on the floor in front of me.

"Whatever it was...looks like you handled it," he said.

Roy pulled a handkerchief from his pocket and handed it to me. I dabbed my lip and chin with it.

He took a second look at the guy and recognized him, "Oh, hell! You again?"

"Fuck yourself, old man!" 

Roy grabbed a handful of the guy's hair and lifted his head. Both his hands flew up onto Roy's wrist. They looked small in comparison.

Taking one of Bigfoot's wrists in his free hand he proceeded to lift him to his feet. The guy easily weighed 300 pounds, but Roy had no problem pulling him up in one fluid motion. 

Once he had him standing Roy let go of his arm and grabbed him by the throat. He got right in his face like the Marine he still was in essence.

"You chickenshit! I got half a mind to beat you senseless again...but I see my friend here already took care of that."

I stood and watched Roy march him backward to the front double door and roughly push him out through it. The guy landed flat of his back out on the pavement. 

He slowly got to his feet and stumbled toward his bike. Roy watched him start it and drive off. He then sat to tend my lip while I explained what had happened. 

"Oh, Ed...I'm so sorry for leaving you alone like that...please forgive me."

"It's okay...it wasn't your fault."

Roy seemed to feel it was in a roundabout way. It turned out he'd had a run in with the guy over a pool game at some bar while I was away at college. 

Bigfoot had a change of heart over his losses and waited for Roy in the parking lot. When he drew a knife to get his money back, that apparently didn't go well for him either. 

Roy thought he must have observed us from somewhere nearby and, after seeing him leave, figured I would make an easy mark to even the score. 

We sat silent for a minute. He smiled at me.

"You sure messed that big ol' boy up, sport! I'm damn proud of you!"

"Not bad...for a butt boy, I guess."

Roy belly laughed. Hearing his deep voice ringing out in laughter like that always had the most calming effect on me. 

"I'll sure bet he thinks twice before he goes looking for another one!" he confirmed.

I started laughing too. It was partly from his praise, but more I think just from the sense of release I felt being out of danger. 

My lip finally stopped bleeding but Roy's handkerchief was unusable. He took it and threw it away.

"Maybe I should just get you home. I can come back for the laundry."

"I don't want to be alone, Roy...I need to be with you."

"Okay," he said and took my hand in his.

We got home after the laundry finished and he had me wrap a cube of ice in a cloth to reduce the swelling. A little later he treated it with an ointment and we burrowed in as usual. 

It was a confidence booster knowing I was resourceful enough to defend myself when need arose. Roy still decided to give me some basic instruction in hand-to-hand that he'd learned as a Marine to be on the safe side. 

Fortunately I've never needed it, but I became even more self-assured as a result. Needless to say, engaging in physical combat with the colossus led to some of our hottest sex. 

Roy was a great cook too, it turned out, so he also taught me how to get around in the kitchen. I loved how close we got working together on our meals - both emotionally and physically.

I managed to stay in touch with Millie to keep tabs on my family. Calls by pay phone were timed every couple of weeks or so to catch her by herself so I didn't risk accidentally reaching Uncle Bruce instead.

She was always a pleasure to talk to. In addition to family talk it was nice just to reminisce with her about our brief time together as carnies and catch her up on Roy. 

I missed the life terribly after only two partial seasons. I can only imagine how hard it was for Roy to give up after living it for a quarter century. Sometimes he went with me and talked to her as well. 

She spoke openly about the mess my uncle had made of things. It turned out the remainder of the season from which he had fired Roy and me was a bust. He appointed Larry the new crew chief and, as nice a fellow as he was, he was not the natural born leader Roy was. The crew quickly disintegrated into in-fighting that he simply lacked the skills to manage.

On one call she told me how much we were missed by them all and that the business had ended up a financial flop that year. Bruce was very discouraged and she pleaded with me to talk to him about taking Roy and me back on.

"Oh, honey...that crew loves you boys and they don't care what your relationship is," she pined in her lilting southern drawl, "Those are my friends and they just want steady work under the kind of solid leadership Roy brings to it."

"Millie, nothing would make us happier...but I just don't see Bruce ever changing his mind. His pride would never allow him."

"Well...I'll keep working on him, sweetheart. But do us all a favor and think about it...it can't make things any worse to talk to him yourself."

"Okay...I'll think about it. Talk to you again soon."

Meanwhile, Roy and I continued to eke out a living for ourselves. Being as young as I was, food service jobs in a coastal area like that abounded. 

Between his periods of unemployment insurance I could usually get him on staff in the back as either a dishwasher or cook. That never bothered him as much as it did me.

I never fully lost my hero worship of Roy, I guess. Seeing him relegated to jobs that wasted his talents and hid his imposing presence from customers often made me ache for him.

He was loved by everyone who worked with him back in the kitchen of course, and often was looked up to as their unofficial leader. Who could resist those coal gray eyes twinkling like crazy from between his deeply creased and worldly looking crow's feet - not to mention that completely disarming smile?

Millie continued keeping me up to date on Mom and Dad, Bruce and the carnival. The next season went from bad to worse. Larry had been such a flop that Frank was his next attempt at fixing things. Crew members began jumping ship, either finding other carnival circuits or simply retiring from the business altogether.

I hated to hear that and so did Roy. He never harbored any ill will toward Bruce for what he did, but he certainly always wanted what was best for his former crew. He was crestfallen to hear how they were falling apart.

One day I called Millie and was surprised when Bruce answered. I nearly hung up for fear he would hang up on me first.

"Hello...hello...anyone on the line?"

I finally spoke up.

"Yeah...it's me...hi, Uncle Bruce."

"Eddie? I'm sorry...Ed. Gosh it's good to hear your voice!"

My anger with what he was putting Roy through inexplicably fell away with his seemingly sincere joy at the chance to speak with me. We chatted and he told me he knew I had been talking with Millie. 

She had been after both of us to bury the hatchet it turned out. I guess fate somehow managed to slip her a few cards that day and at least she got her wish that Bruce and I talk again.

He hid his floundering efforts to keep the carnival afloat, preferring instead to talk about his main business venture that was apparently going great guns. Eventually he got around to asking about my life, never coming right out and mentioning Roy by name.

I answered as evasively about us as he had been concerning the carnival and tried to leave the impression that we had successfully put the business behind us. Taking the step of talking truthfully with him about the possibility of taking Roy back to turn the business around was still beyond me at that point.

We concluded the conversation cordially and I promised to call again soon.

On the afternoon of my twenty-first birthday I was curled up with Roy in our bed sucking his dick. That particular blow job was more of a birthday present to myself as I recall. 

Something about stuffing my face on that fat, delicious thing always made the world seem a nicer place to be. Roy teased me that I had to blow out his candle.

There was a soft rap at the front door. I was making so much noise on him that we almost didn't hear it. We never had callers.

I jumped up and stuffed my hard-on in my jeans. Slinging on a shirt, I left the tail out to conceal it and went to see who it was.

When I opened the door I found Millie and a contrite looking Bruce standing behind her.

"May we come in?" she asked in that lilting drawl.

"Of course you can!"

"Move it, Bruce...flies," she flatly instructed my uncle as she sashayed past me.

I stifled my laughter when he jumped at her command. It was so 'Frieda'...once a carny always a carny, I suppose.

Roy appeared fully dressed, looking sharp in his khakis with a pastel blue sport shirt tucked into them. I think he might have been choking back tears as he swept Millie up in his arms. 

In fact he even kept calling her Frieda, but they were so obviously glad to see each other nobody once bothered correcting him. He eventually got the hang of it himself anyway.

Our reunion went very well and Bruce was a very gracious guest. Roy swallowed Bruce's hand in his and grasped him by the shoulder with his other one. 

My uncle was clearly taken aback by the sincerity of Roy's let-bygones-be-bygones hospitality.

"What brings you two to our humble abode?" Roy eventually got around to asking.

"I believe Bruce has something he wants to say...don't you, honey," she said, peering over her glasses at him.

We looked at him. He obviously felt on the spot. Eventually he spoke up.

"Happy birthday, kiddo. You guys have dinner plans?"

"That's not what we rehearsed," she said, cutting him the look that kills.

He squirmed a bit and then followed with, "It was wrong of me to act the way I did."

She glared at him and raised an eyebrow as only she could. He looked at his feet.

"I was an asshole...and I owe you guys an apology."

"That's it," she confirmed with a satisfied smile. 

"Really? You're being serious?" I asked him.

"I am."

"No apology necessary, Bruce," Roy warmly assured him, "It was ugly business and we all bear a little of the blame. We're just glad to see you folks...and no, we have no plans for dinner. We're available."

Any lingering animosity immediately vanished at that point and it soon felt like nothing had ever happened. Laughter was ringing out as we talked old times.

At one point I got Bruce alone and asked him about Mom and Dad. His face fell.

"Nothing yet...but I'm working on them, Ed...I really am. I fucked that one up good."

He started to tear up.

"I'm so sorry! I'd give anything if I'd just kept my goddamn mouth shut! All I can say is...if they'd given you a brother...especially an older brother...you might understand why I ran to him with what happened. Stupidest thing I ever did...ruined everything for everybody...but I...just..."

I wrapped my arms around his shoulders.

"I understand, Uncle Bruce...I really do. At least I have you back, and that's a great start!" I tried to comfort him.
