 Part Six:

I awoke before sun up the next morning still in his arms. I had never felt more complete.

Sliding my right hand down off the side of his belly, I started playing my fingers over his soft, substantial scrotum. His eyes fluttered open and he tenderly touched his lips to mine for the first time since I'd moved to his bed.

"You're still here."

I sensed there were layers of meaning beneath the statement that were beyond my inexperienced grasp at the time. All I knew for sure was that those three words made me feel special in a way I never had before, and that his expression as he spoke them was one of surprising vulnerability.

I probably gave him the old 'aw, ain't that cute' look. He tightened his arms around me.

"G'morning," I replied. 

I couldn't resist pressing my lips to his for a second helping.

He slid a hand between us and gently traced his fingers over my morning erection as my kiss lingered. Then he took my arm by the wrist and moved my hand to his rigid cock.

I traced my index finger down the length of his bulging dorsal vein as he resumed fondling my member. He heaved a satisfied sigh. I reciprocated.

"Mind scooting over a bit? I need to get on my back."

I moved to the edge of the bed to accommodate him.

"That's better," he sighed.

I snuggled against him again and resumed fondling his sagging balls.

He pushed the covers back and exposed his chest. I watched the nipple of his right pec erect in the room's chill and slid my hand up to trace my finger around it. My finger looked so small.

"Can I taste it?" I asked.

"There's no need to ask," he assured me, "You can have me any way you want me...it's all yours."

At last those words meant what I'd always wished they had. I touched the tip of my tongue to the pencil eraser sized nub in the middle. Feeling emboldened I flattened my tongue to the dark brown treat and satisfied my curiosity about its taste. It was delicious!

I looked up and he smiled at me. Taking him at his word I asserted myself and began nursing on it. He ran his fingers through my hair and sighed his contentment.

"I wish we could do this all day, sport, but we've got another set up to get through."

"Can we pick up here when we get back?" I asked.

"You bet we can!"

I raised up and gave his beautiful belly a playful swat.

"Then let's get a move on, carny!"

I rolled out of bed to let him know I hadn't forgotten he was my boss.

"If we shower together we can cut the clean up time in half," he said looking coy.

I'm sure my surprised and delighted expression was all the confirmation he needed. 

Squeezing into that little tub shower with him was a damn tight fit, but we managed it. I guess it was then I began to notice the endearing flaws in his aging skin. They gave him such a look experience and wisdom. 

He wrapped his hand around my hard-on and then guided one of mine to his. 

My length barely managed to span the width of his enormous hand. My comparatively slender hand concealed only something over half the length of his.

"We're not gonna be worth a flip today if we don't fire these things off," he said with a grin.

We started tugging at them. I was mesmerized by the sight of his velvet-like foreskin rolling up and back over his bulky cock head. 

He brought me off first and I sang out in orgasm as my load spurted up onto his belly, streaking it with several volleys. He let go of my dick and began proudly smearing it around.

That pushed him over the edge as I continued my ministrations. He loudly growled as he let fly with a gusher of an eruption that positively dumbfounded me. I looked at the sticky mess he'd made of my hand and front, then up into his relieved expression. I'd never felt prouder of myself. 

I smeared his emission over me. He leaned forward to plant another kiss on my lips and rubbed his belly against mine to mix our loads together. I would have proudly worn that first gift from him for the rest of my life, but I understood the impracticality of that given the job that lay ahead of us. 

It was the perfect conclusion to my momentous first night in his arms. I suspect he instinctively knew that masturbating each other was the logical first step for me into the uncharted territory of shared gratification. Given my complete lack of experience with sexual intimacy, it started my journey into that great unknown with my feet on familiar ground. He was right, of course.

He was right about the other benefit as well. By the time the caravan showed up and our exhausting labors were underway, we were both fit to focus our full attention and energy on them.

I threw myself into my work that day with a new self-concept. It was as though, by exposing his tender side to me, he opened a door through which I could leave the uncertainty of my boyhood behind and take my first sure-footed step into the world around me as a man. I never looked back.

Roy's image of me seemed to change that day, too. As it wore on he gradually felt less compelled to keep me at his side and began entrusting me with some fairly dangerous and very physically demanding jobs out from under his watchful and protective eye.

When we arrived back at our room early that evening to clean up for dinner we were both totally exhausted. I sat down at our little table and gave him first crack at the shower. 

He accepted and emerged from it stark naked, then flopped down on his bed while I took my turn. When I came out he opened his arms to me in an invitation to join him. I couldn't fall into them fast enough.

"You were something else today!" he boasted.

He cradled me in his arms and roamed my back with his strong hands. 

"I'm worn out, but I've sure never felt better," I confided as I nestled into his embrace.

He pressed his lips to mine in a lingering kiss.

"Dinner's on me tonight," he said when we broke from it.

"Let's get dressed then." 

Overjoyed by my new freedom to explore the body that had fascinated me for more than half my life, I reached down and cupped my hand under his hefty scrotum.

A delighted giggle escaped him.

"I'm getting mixed signals."

I laughed and helped myself to another quick kiss.

"You're right. Sorry."

We got up and dressed, then went into Lexington where he treated us to a couple of huge, identical steak dinners. It certainly took me longer, but when all was said and done I'd succeeded in cleaning my plate as thoroughly as he had.

I pushed my empties away and slumped back in my chair.

"Good man!" he beamed. 

"That was delicious, Roy. Thank you."

"You're welcome. I believe we have some unfinished business waiting back at the room. You ready?"

I quickly rose to my feet.

"I'll get the tip," I told him.

He showed me the check and then went to the register while I pulled out my wallet and left a tip I felt sure he would approve of.

Once back in the room I started to unbutton my shirt.

"Wait," he said as he double checked the door to make sure it was secured.

I stopped, wondering if I'd done something wrong. He turned and slowly approached me, his gray eyes smoldering with passion.

He finished the job, then untucked my shirt and peeled it back off my shoulders. I lifted my arms a bit and let it drop to the floor.

He rested his arms at his sides and said, "Now...me."

I did the same for him. We began to roam our hands over each other's exposed torso.

"I must be dreaming," I said, sliding my hands up his belly onto his chest and cinching the hair between my fingers.

"I hope not," he sighed and gave my shoulders a firm squeeze.

His eyes closed and his head rested back.

"You get bigger and stronger looking by the day," he sighed, "It feels good."

I slid my arms around his chest, my hands barely overlapping, and squeezed him to me in the tightest bear hug I could manage. His dense five o'clock shadow pricked my face as I firmly pressed my cheek to his. His arms reached around me in return and words seemed superfluous.

There was something more I needed in that moment and we simultaneously leaned our heads back to gaze into each other's eyes. He pressed his lips to mine again and slid a hand up onto the back of my head. He then pried my lips apart with his tongue, as if sensing my uncertainty for how to satisfy my growing hunger for him.

I had seen men and women kiss like that in films. I never got it...until that moment. Suddenly I understood the power of its communication. 

I opened my mouth enough to let it force its way on in. Chilblains engulfed me from head to toe as it probed deeper and deeper with each forceful thrust. My cock painfully erected in the confines of my briefs.

When he released me his expression seemed to ask if he'd gone too far. I responded by sliding my hands down under his belly to check the condition of his member. 

It had blossomed as fully as mine and I explored its heft. My hands began to fumble with his belt buckle. He released me from his grasp to give me easier access to it.

I had it undone in no time and unzipped him before unhooking the clasp of his trousers. They dropped to the floor around his ankles and I could see the clear outline of his bulky cock head at the end of the tube that strained in his shorts. 

It angled to the left across his thigh just below his hip. I traced a finger down its length and a lusty moan rumbled up from his cavernous chest. 

He roughly unsnapped my jeans and wriggled them, along with my briefs, far enough down to let my rigid organ spring out. He stared at it and I saw his wide shoulders shiver slightly as a chill ran up his spine, too. 

I yanked his boxers down until they fell to join his slacks. There was an audible catch in my breath when I set eyes once again on the splendor of what I'd brought to orgasm in my hand during our shower fourteen long hours earlier. 

Throwing my arms around his neck I dove in and opened my mouth to let him thrill me with another deep kiss. His arms wrapped around me and our cock heads gently came together in a tender kiss of their own. 

"Show me what to do...teach me," I urged him.

He slid a hand up onto my head and gently stroked my hair.

"What is it you think you need to learn?" he asked, thoughtfully considering my request.

"Everything I need to know to make you feel good," I quietly confessed as I rested my head on his shoulder.

"You're doing a hell of job of that on your own, mister," he assured me. 

His other hand ran down my back and tenderly caressed my right buttock.

He continued, "How 'bout we finish getting out of our pants and just stretch out on the bed? I've got a feeling whatever happens from there is gonna make me feel just fine."

I suddenly filled with confidence. We slowly disentangled and finished getting nude. He picked up our clothing and draped it on the edge of what I thought of by then as simply 'the other bed'. 

We stretched out on our sides facing each other. I took his raging hard prick in my hand and lovingly caressed it. He reciprocated.

"How does this feel?" he asked.

"Good...no...GREAT!"

"Exactly," he said with a satisfied smile, "You see? There's nothing you have to learn to make me feel good beyond just being here with me...like this."

I nodded my understanding.

"You cold?" he asked.

"A little."

"Me too."

He rolled out of bed and turned the window unit off.

"I think we can do without that thing for a while," he announced.

He climbed back on the bed with me, "Now...where were we?"

I took his fat cock back in my hand, and resumed slowly rolling his foreskin over his glans.

"Ah-h-h, yes! Now I remember!" 

He swallowed mine in his giant paw once again.

I felt no pressure to speak as I beheld the beauty of what I stroked. The occasional moans we floated out into the room seemed to say all that was necessary. The temperature slowly warmed to better accommodate the activity we were engaged in.

I cast my gaze down to his feet and let it slowly travel up his furry expanse until it reached his face. He was still the most handsome man I'd ever seen, and the contentment in his expression as he fondled me heightened my sense of well-being beyond anything I'd ever known.

He looked up from my loins and saw me studying his face. He smiled.

"What is it?"

"I don't know...I guess I still can't believe this is happening to me," I confided.

He looked back down at my cock and squeezed a clear droplet out onto his finger. He lifted it to his to his face and paused for a few seconds before lapping it onto his tongue.

"Mmmmmmm...you taste good," he sighed.

He chuckled at my obvious shock. I had tasted my own, of course, but the idea I might enjoy tasting someone else's was new to me. 

I looked down at the sizeable droplet that had gathered in his gaping slit. I reached down and pressed my index finger to his spout, smearing the slick stuff around on his cock head, then lifted my hand to taste him.

He saw the surprise register on my face at the revelation that it did, in fact, taste good. 

He watched with delighted amusement as I reached back down and squeezed another perfectly formed droplet out onto my finger. Carefully lifting that to my mouth, I smeared it around on the tip of my tongue.

"Salty...like mine," I observed, then smiled, "only better...'cause it's yours."

He giggled and took on the appearance of the big, goofy playmate I'd enjoyed romping and rasslin' with when we skinny dipped the day before.

He beamed at me while I settled into my new sense of freedom.

I scooted down in the bed till his one-eyed monster loomed right in my face. Grabbing hold of it and stroking him till another droplet formed, I darted the tip of my tongue between those beautiful bulbs and into his yawning urethral opening. I savored its flavor, and the thrill that came with tasting it directly from his cock.

When I looked up and saw him grinning down at me I felt my face heat up and knew I was blushing beet red. I pursed my lips and quickly pecked the drooling orifice with an affectionate kiss.

His eyes rolled upward in mock disbelief at my boldness, then his beautiful belly shook in joyous laughter.

"Isn't it fun...getting to play with somebody else's dick, I mean?" he asked.

I laughed with him while I scooted up in the bed till we were face-to-face again, then leaned in and pushed my tongue into his mouth. I slowly lifted my face from his and studied its wealth of masculine features. 

"Oh, yeah! But to me the most fun of all is that I'm playing with yours."

An expression I can't adequately describe crossed his face. He pulled me in and stuffed my mouth on his vigorously probing tongue again. 

When the moment arrived that I decided to assert myself and become the aggressor in our kiss it was like the day he made me work to dunk him in the stream. My tongue had to battle his for supremacy. He gave up nothing and made it clear that if I wanted it, I would have to earn it from him.

When I emerged victorious he rested his head back on his pillow and looked up at me with that smoldering gaze I was quickly coming to love. He traced his sausage-like index finger from my bottom lip down my chin...my neck, my chest, my stomach...all the way to my rock hard cock. He then wrapped his hand around it and gave it a few admiring tugs.

"I need to come," he told me in a near whisper.

He rolled onto his back with his knees up and drawn together, looking cramped. I scooted over to my edge of the bed and he inched closer to the center. I crawled down between his feet on my knees. 

He flattened his feet to the bed. I watched in awe as his powerful looking calves balled up at my sides.

I ran a hand over one for the first time and sensed the insane amount of strength it had to possess. I licked it and then pressed my lips to it in a lingering kiss.

Turning my gaze to his furry crotch, I admired the great balls that nearly obscured his crack from view when he slightly lifted his hips to settle into position. His hooded cock, thick as my wrist, seductively twitched and lifted off his lower belly.

I slid my hand under his sac and lifted it up to admire it. As my fingertips peeked out from around it, the huge orbs it contained spilled out over the edge of my palm. 

I leaned in to inspect him more closely. His natural musk was only beginning to return. It was mixed with a hint of the soapy cleanliness that lingered from his shower. I reverently touched my lips to each one.

A lusty growl escaped him.

"You smell good," I reported to him.

Emboldened by that discovery I bathed them in my saliva while I grasped the base of his cock in my free hand, titillated by the grandness of the contours my tongue explored.

He called my name in staccato catches of his breath.

I lifted my head a bit and pressed my tongue to the bottom of his bulging urethra, my chin sinking into the soft warmth of his scrotum as I continued my exploration. I slowly slid it up to his frenum and back down, identifying slightly different tastes at various points in the journey.

"I like the taste of your dick, too," I announced.

His impassioned moans induced me to repeat that procedure a number of times.

I wanted so badly to take the gorgeous thing in my mouth to bring him off, but visions of its violent and profuse eruption from our shower that morning were running through my mind in an endless loop. I couldn't be sure I was ready to experience his voluminous gift flooding my oral cavity. 

Even though I had tasted my own many times before, I yielded to my fear of the unknown and it prevented me from fully acting on my lust for him. Once again I made him settle for my clutching fist doing the work. 

I stared in gape-mouthed wonder when volley after volley of his creamy load spewed forth. It impressively arced over his taut mountain of a belly onto his barrel chest and even his chin.

The growls, howls and grunts he sounded out during his extremely intense orgasm must surely have been heard back down in Christiansburg. He raised his head from his pillow and sank his chin down into his wreath of bristly jowls, looking almost stunned.  

The huge cock in my hand began to list to one side in detumescence. Before me lay what looked to my eyes like a monument to the very concept of masculinity, looming so large as to make me feel almost insignificant by contrast.

The thick streamers of potent seed he'd launched were sinking down into the curls of coarse hair that covered his chest and belly. His succulent nipples appeared to be staring at the ceiling in a daze. 

I felt proud of the part I'd played in what I beheld, but couldn't help wondering what might've been had I not chickened out.

Roy broke out in a deliriously happy grin and effortlessly pulled me from between his legs up on top of him. His warm, thick goo felt slippery as he positioned me atop his manly paunch to stuff my mouth on his tongue yet again.

My eyes were riveted to the dollop of his seed that clung to his chin. A push-and-pull battle raged in my head as to whether or not I should face down my fear and lap it onto my tongue. 

Tiring of listening to it, I went ahead and licked it up while they argued.

As I had discovered with his pre-ejaculate, it tasted rewardingly similar to my own. I pressed my tongue to the roof of my mouth and swirled it around. It even had the same hint of a gritty texture as mine.

"You're full of surprises tonight," Roy said, looking a bit shocked himself.

I then dove down and accepted the offer of his tongue. He moaned with delighted satisfaction as he tasted himself in our kiss. 

Pressing his substantial paunch to my rigid phallus as we lingered in lip-lock, he began rolling it from side to side beneath me. Eventually he added a gentle bucking motion to it.

His undulations told me he was enjoying the feel of my hard-on jabbing into his abdomen. I succumbed to the pleasurable sensation of its hirsuteness. 
