 The brown leaves crunch underfoot as I weave a path through the undergrowth. My daily walks often take me around this area of my local wood and I love the tranquility of it all. Eventually I reach as suitable spot and after checking for any onlookers I unbutton my belt and reach for my pulsating cock. As I draw it out it grows harder until it reaches its full length of around 6 inches and stands throbbing, begging to be touched. I reach down and begin to stroke imaging one of my favourite fantasies, my tight eighteen year old asshole being pounded by a giant muscular cock. 

As I near my climax I hear a subtle cough and twist round to see two deep set eyes surveying my smooth rounded asscheeks. A man standing around 6 feet tall with muscles bursting through his lumber jacket shirt and a visible bulge within his jeans stands a few meters behind me. I look into his eyes with a mixture of fear and excitement studying his short cropped brown hair and thick stubble. He beckons me closer and with my heart pounding I turn around and approach. As I draw near he grabs my hand and guides it down into his cock where I begin to rub my heart rate matching the throbbing of his cock as it gets harder and harder until I'm not sure if I'm feeling flesh or stone. Without a word he reaches down and unbuckles his jeans letting the great slab of meat dangle tantalising in front of my hands.

I reach for it but he grabs my shoulders and forces me into my knees so instead his cock now makes a bee line for my seating mouth. I estimate that at least 11 inches of lust is approaching my face and I open my mouth hungrily to engulf it. My tongue wiggles around, teasing his head whilst his shaft slides ever deeper until I begin to gag and he grabs the back of my head to stop me from withdrawing. As I begin to think that the girth may suffocate me he releases and I watch in awe as his cock glistens with my saliva and string of spit lace themselves among the forest floor. After a few repeats of this he gives me free reign of his dick and I eagerly lick up and down the shaft, rubbing it with my hands, watching the veins pulsate and grow. 

Eventually he tires of this and turns his attention to my ass which now gleams, blissfully unaware of its later fate, in the sunlight. He walks around me and suddenly grabs my shoulders, forcing my face down into the leaf litter. I wait as my anticipation builds until a great spank echoes through the forest and my ass cries out in indignation. As he continues to slap my bare ass I too begin to cry out as it turns ever more crimson each smack sending spasms of pleasure through my body. Just as I believe that I can take no more he pauses and lowers his face into my now glistening raw ass cheeks and I feel his tongue begin to explore. Softly at first but then more violently he begins to force his tongue into my crack and wiggle it around whilst I moan into the ground. My cock begins to stiffen again as gradually he inserts more and more until he has the whole thing inside and I feel it's hot wetness as he loses my hole. After deeming it lose enough he spits a great glistening glob of saliva on my awarding rosebud and begins to rub it around. 

Yet again my excitement builds until without warning he jams his finger inside sliding it in all the way up to his fists and yet again the forest echos with my cries of pleasure and pain. Slowly he begins to retract and reinsert his finger, quickening his pace with each stroke and before I know what happened there are three fingers fucking my asshole and his hand is a blur as he fingers me harder and harder. My cries become sobs of pleasure and I let out moans of 'yes' and 'don't stop' as I give in to his violation of my hole. 

After what seems like an age he withdraws his fingers and forces them down my throat. 'You like that' he whispers. I moan in agreement and he slaps my ass in reply. 'Now time for the best bit' he breathes into my ear grabbing his cock and stroking it hard to return it to its rock solid consistency. Once again he spreads my cheeks and begins to toy with my hole using the top of his cock pushing slightly harder each time as my ass gapes to accommodate him. My excitement builds and my breathing quickens as it comes closer and closer to slipping inside. 

I wait for what seems like years until eventually he drives his cock deep into my ass with no warning and I cry out as he slides deeper inside me and feel his cock pulsating as its thrust deep into my ass. Grabbing my hips he slowly draws out only to thrust back in even harder than before and ass sears with pain in reply leaving my mouth as a strangled moan. Soon he begins to thrust more violently as he violently thrust in and out. As he continues however my cry's turn into moans of pleasure and he responds by pounding my ass further, deeper, harder. I feel as if i am impaled upon his cock and that my ass is full to bursting point but still he pushes it further until all 11 inches are sliding past my gaping hole with each stroke. His balls now slap my ass as he quickens his tempo. His cock slides in deeper only to be pulled out and driven in harder. As I begin taking his whole cock with every stroke i feel my own cock pulsate every time in response to my lust for his gigantic slab of flesh inside my smooth tight ass. 

Seeing my pleasure and feeing his climax rising he stops using his whole dick and instead uses quicker thrusts only pulling out half way each time so I can take him even faster. I feel the pleasure building in me and eventually I can take no more and feel my ball empty themselves onto the forest floor vainly pumping in response to my spearing on his cock without any touch from my hands. Somewhere my brain registers that i just came from anal alone yet in the present the pounding of my ass and the relentless fucking I am reviving continue and leave no space for any other thought. Spent I let my body fall into his arms and he holds me like a doll as he finishes building his orgasm pushing me up and down his cock in time with his thrusts. Twisting me over he lays me on my back and admires my now limp cock as he quickens his pace more than I ever thought possible. Far away my asshole burns with the heat of his pounding but my lust and pleasure at being used like this far outweigh the pain.

Reaching down he fondles my nipples and looks into my eyes with dark marbles that show no emotion other than lust as he brings his head level with my ear and whispers 'are you ready for my cum.' As he draws back up all I can manage is a weak moan of consent and I feel him slap my ass again and revel in his balls hitting my red cheeks. Finally he grabs my shoulders and thrusts all the way into my ass. I feel him bury himself inside me and watch his shaft as it is engulfed by my hungry raw gaping hole. Oh fuck yes he moans and with one final slap of my crimson ass empty's his balls inside me. I feel the hot sticky fluid rush into every nook and cranny of my bowels and feel his cock shudder within me as his cum pumps into my ass like a balloon. I lie there and wait for the end but his pulsations continue for what seems like forever until slowly he draws out and sits back to admire his handiwork as his seed dribbles out of my gaping hole and pools in the lead litter. 

Content he stands up, grabs his clothes and begins to walk off leaving me frail and spent lying there on the forest floor. Before he goes he looks back one last time.

'We'll be doing that again sometime' he says in a deep voice and all I can do is weakly nod in agreement.