 I can't believe that happened. I repeat the words over and over in my mind. How could I tell Carla, would she even believe me?

"Earth to Nick," Josh says patiently.

"Sorry," I say. "Just something on my mind."

I try to focus on Josh. It was really nice of him to invite me out for coffee. I haven't known him for very long. We met at the restaurant I work at. He asked me out at the time but I declined he wasn't really my type. So we decided to be friends. No hard feelings.

"So anything new?" Josh says sipping his coffee.

Yeah my best friend's boyfriend snuck into my room last night gave me a boner and left. Oh and mentioned something about prey and predator. And it took me ten minutes to untie my wrist after he left.

"Nothing much," I lie.

I arrive to our apartment after my coffee thing with Josh. I successfully avoided Jax this morning and hopefully I could keep this up until he leaves or I do. Because truthful I'm too much of a coward to go up against Jax. I search the apartment and it's empty. I'm glad and I decide to have a quick shower. I grab my toiletries and I close the bathroom door. It doesn't have a lock and I swear it's the only door in history that doesn't. I'm washing myself really good and the hot water feels amazing. I'm almost done when the shower curtain flies open. 

I scream like a girl and I cover my penis. I'm shocked to see Jax there. He's just standing there watching me. His chest is bare and only a pair of black boxers hang low on his hips. 

"What the fuck!" I yell.

"I need to take a shower," he says calmly. 

"Are you blind?" I say. "I'm already taking one."

"Move over," he says.

I watch horrified as he removes his boxers and he storms into the shower with me. My words are choked and gone, he's in front of me. He reposition the shower head high and I want to punch him. He completely takes over and I'm pushed to the back. He even uses my shampoo and body wash. 

"Hey," I whine. "You can't do this."

He stops and faces me. I chant slowly in my head to not look down. But I do and omg it's . . . huge. 

"You like?" Jax purs softly.

I need to control the situation. I can't let him bait and raddle me. 

No," I lie. But he smiles he knows I'm lying.

Touch it," he says. I can't tell if it's a demand or a . . . No it's definitely a command. 

"Aren't you straight?" I say. 

"I am," he says. "But it's just something about you that turns me on."

As he says this he moves slowly. Until I'm caged against the wall and his arms are on either side of me. The spray of water hits his back, I'm getting wet but it's only because of him. Droplets of water fall from his hair and chest. I'm panting like a dog in heat. His lips press against mine and I moan. We kiss, his hands are on my face and I suck on his bottom lip. His tongue plays with mine and I wrap my arms around his broad shoulders.

"Tell me," he hisses. "That you want it,"

"I want it," I say. 

And then we go at it. He lifts me up and I wrap my legs around him. He's kissing my neck and my face, his arm leaves and when it's back I see a condom. Good if he wasn't going to say anything then I was. He balances me and I hold on. He's unwrapping the condom and I touch him. He's rock hard and ten inches, how will it fit? The head is pink and pretty, the veins pulse underneath his skin. The condoms on and he presses me closer to the wall if that's even possible. He licks his middle finger and he presses on my awaiting opening. He works the finger and I moan. Two fingers and I'm going crazy, he pumps moving and stretching my hole. He stops then the fingers are replaced. He doesn't say sweet words or even warns me before he pushes inside me. 

He groans and grunts like a beast and he pounds into me. I just hold on, it's painfully. He's rough and large, he's sucking on my neck. I call out his name and I gasp and scream. Soon the pains gone and I dig into his back while he moves faster and harder. I touch my penis and I cum. I'm wet and hot, he yells and spills into the condom. I'm still holding on, I'm shaking and throbbing. I never felt so dominated and controlled. His breathing slows down but mine is still going. 

"That was ..." I start. But he moves me off of him, he turns away.

I watch as he removes the condom and throws it into the little trash can. He quickly cleans himself and he leaves. I stare shocked and confused. I step into the spray and I let the cold water soak me. And the realization sets in and I panic. Shit Carla.