 Author's Note: While condoms are not used in this story, the author in no way advocates having sex without a condom. Do be tested for sexual diseases regularly and make sure your partner does the same. It is always the best practice to play it safe by using a condom. Unprotected sex could risk your health and even your life. Be safe!!!

==============================================

I came down to watch some TV when I heard sobbing coming from dad's study. Alarmed, I went in and put my arm around him.

"What could possibly be the matter, dad? I know it's been hard for both of us since mom died."

(Mom died six months ago from cancer and it's been really hard for both of us. I still hurt and missed her a lot, but dad's been pretty much a basket case. I've tried to help out at home as much as I could when I was home from college, but I'd never seen him like this before. Fortunately, school is over for now and I have until fall before I have to go back.)

Dad wiped his eyes and looked up. "It's not that, Mark -- well maybe part of it. But really, it's all these bills! Plus the mortgage and living expenses and all that. We don't have nearly enough money to cover it all. And the medical bills - $5,000 -- even after the insurance, is more than we can afford. And I'm not even counting your college tuition which is due in about a month for next year. We might lose the house! I may even have to declare bankruptcy! We're ruined!!!"

"Well stop crying at least, dad. I'll do anything I can to help. I'll certainly get a job and that should help some. It's late and you're tired. Why don't you go to bed and get some sleep? Things probably won't look so bad in the morning. We'll figure something out."

"I don't know what I would do without you, Mark. I appreciate your wanting to help out. I'll take your advice and get to bed. Maybe things will look better tomorrow and perhaps we can figure out what we can do."

* * * * *

Unfortunately, things didn't look better in the morning or even the next day. I tried finding a job, but flipping hamburgers at minimum wage might put some groceries on the table, but it certainly wouldn't solve our money problems.

* * * * *

About a week later, dad called me down into the living room.

"Uh, Mark," he started and stopped.

"Yeah, Dad. What's up?"

"Well, I might have found a way to solve our money problems -- and it mostly involves you -- but I don't think you'll like it. In fact, I'm very positive you won't like it."

I gave him one of my standard puzzled looks. "Look dad, I'll do anything -- and I mean anything -- to help with this money mess, so tell me about it."

"Before I do, I need to ask you a question -- a very personal question. OK?"

"OK," I answered hesitantly, not knowing where this was going. "Sure, go ahead."

"Well, considering the amount of time you've been spending with Linda, I'm guessing you're not a virgin. Right?"

"Good guess, dad, but I don't see what that has to do with anything."

"What I really to need to know, son, is have you ever done anything with a guy?"

"Sexually?" I asked. "Well, not really. A couple of friends and I, when we were about 12 had a few jerk-off sessions, but that's about it."

"So you've never had anal sex?"

"No way, Dad!!! I wouldn't even consider it!"

"Now don't get excited, Mark - I'll explain in a minute why I asked that."

"The first thing I have to tell you, which I didn't want to have to do, is that I'm bisexual."

I was surprised, but not really shocked. I had sort of suspected he might be into guys from the way dad checked out some of my friends when they came over. And also I'd often see him staring at them when they weren't looking.

"I messed around with guys some while I was in college. But then I met your mother -- and that ended that. You have to believe me."

I nodded, "Sure, dad."

"You know how hard it's been for me since your mother died. I needed some physical comfort from someone -- and I didn't want to get it from a woman. So every couple of weeks I'd take off and go to a retreat I know. It's for men -- and there's lots of sex there, which was a great release for me. I haven't been back since you got home from college though."

"So what does that have to do with our money problems?"

"I just got an email from the retreat -- it's called Camp Wilde -- after the famous British gay writer. It seems they're having a contest which could pay a lot of money. I think there's a good chance you could win it."

"Me? At a gay camp???"

"Yes, you. They're having what they're calling their 'Cherry Breeding Festival'. It seems they do this every year -- and from what I hear, you could win as much as $2,000 and maybe a lot more."

"So what would I have to do, Dad?"

"Well there are some basic conditions. But basically you have to be a boy between the ages of 18 and 21, you have to be healthy with no STDs -- and you have to swear you've never had any objects, other than fingers, in your rectum."

I met those requirements easily but I couldn't see where this was going.

"The festival starts off with an auction, you and all the other contestants would be auctioned off for breeding. You can make a lot of money just from this auction."

"OK ...." (Not sure what he was talking about, but still listening.)

"Have you ever heard the phrase, 'popping her or his cherry'?" I shook my head. "It's what they say when the girl or guy gets fucked for the first time. It seems to make more sense with a girl because at least her hymen gets broken, but it's sometimes applied to 'virgin' boys too."

"And how about 'breeding'?"

Dad actually blushed. "Breeding happens whenever a guy fucks someone and shoots their cum into the other person -- without a condom. Again, with a girl it makes more sense because he could make her pregnant. Of course it really doesn't make any sense with a boy."

"Is there anything else I should know, Dad?"

"Well, you should also know that the 'breeding' takes place in front of an audience -- those in the camp who have paid a lot extra to watch."

"You mean I'd have to let some guy fuck me right in front of a bunch of strangers???"

"Yes, that's the way they have it set up. They want to make it interesting so that they make as much money as possible."

"Here, I've printed out all the details. Please read it over tonight and we'll talk more about it tomorrow. Although I hate the idea of having you do this, I really want you to do it, Mark, because we desperately need the money. But if you won't, I guess we'll have to find the money somewhere else, though I don't think there's really any other way."

* * * * *

I read over the details that night in my room. Basically it was just what dad said. One thing that it said that I appreciated was that everyone at the camp had to be tested for STDs when they arrived.

I'd never really thought about guys much. Sure there were some good looking guys in high school and college and I'd even known some cute gay kids, but I'd never thought of having sex with any of them.

Out of curiosity, I found some videos online of some guys about my age fucking each other. It really grossed me out but I found it oddly erotic too. They seemed to be enjoying it, although in some of the vids it looked like the guy getting shafted was feeling some pain.

I sure as hell didn't want to have to do this, but how else could we get the money that we needed? I knew that nothing else would come up in the short time we had, so I guessed I'd have to go through with it. After all, I'd probably even let someone break my arm if it would get us enough money to pay all our bills, so letting someone put something in my ass, while painful, wouldn't be nearly as bad and I'd recover quickly from it. Tomorrow, I'd tell dad I'd be willing to do it after he got home from work.

* * * * *

I did what needed to be done around the house the next day and then watched some TV, so I was downstairs when dad got home. I waited until he got himself a drink and then sat down. I went over and sat down next to him.

"How was your day, dad?" I asked.

"Pretty good, nothing special."

"Uh ... I looked over what you gave me ... and I'll do it. It scares me some, but I'll go through with it."

"I know it's asking a lot of you, Mark, and I really appreciate it."

"I have a question though."

"I'm not surprised -- I would too if I were you."

I looked down. "I wondered -- have you ever had a guy fuck you?"

Dad chuckled. "Yes I have, Mark, many times."

"So I guess you like it?"

"Very much, son, it's actually the greatest sex I've ever had. Nothing against the sex I had with your mother, but there's nothing really like having a hot guy plunging his cock in and out of your ass many times. I just love the way it feels."

"Any other questions?"

I shook my head.

"OK, then, the festival is this weekend," he continued, "so we don't have too much time to get ready. Why don't you read up some about anal sex and watch some gay videos." (I didn't tell him I'd already watched a couple.) "In the meantime we'll have to get you cleaned up and make you look as good as possible for the contest. OK, Mark?"

Continuing, he told me, "I know a guy - he's gay and a hair dresser - that's sort of redundant ,isn't it?" dad chuckled, "that I can have come over -- probably tomorrow night after I get home. You don't have any plans for tomorrow evening, do you?"

"No, dad. What will he do?"

"I'm not sure, - probably trim that mop you call hair, maybe some other things. He'll be doing your whole body, so plan on getting naked for him. At the festival, you'll be seen in all your glory and you'll want to look good."

"Sure, dad." I gulped.

* * * * *

The next night, Dad and I were sitting in the living room, watching something on TV when at about 8, the doorbell rang and dad opened the door and let a good looking middle-aged man in, carrying a small satchel..

"Hi Phillip, I'm glad you could come over. It's really nice of you to do this for me and Mark."

"Not a problem, Stan", Phillip said, giving my dad a quick kiss while I looked on. "In fact I'm looking forward to meeting your son -- in fact, I hadn't even known you had one."

"Well, there he is over there." Dad pointed at me.

Phillip looked over at me and froze. "Lordy, lordy, I've gone and died and gone to heaven. He's an Adonis, an Apollo -- in fact I've never seen such a beautiful boy in real life before! He's simply exquisite!!"

He walked over to me, but instead of shaking my hand, he simply gazed at me, his eyes running over my face, my arms, my body. I started blushing.

"Oh, how wonderful, he even blushes too. How did you ever sire such a beauty, Stan?" he asked, his eyes never leaving me, "he doesn't look a bit like you."

"He got his looks from his mother I think, because he's got her facial bone structure and the long, willowy body just like she had."

"Stand up and turn around, boy," Phillip told me, "and let me see what you look like from the back."

I turned like he asked feeling more and more embarrassed.

"You've got great posture, Mark, and an excellent physique with plenty of muscles without looking like a hunk. Moreover, you've got an extremely cute face with sort of the look of a choir boy. You're a gay guy's dream!"

Phillip looked over at my father, "Tell me again why we're doing this, Stan."

"I'm entering him in the Cherry Breeding Festival up at Camp Wilde this weekend. We desperately need the money and Mark has agreed to do it."

Phillip turned to me again, "Are you gay, Mark?"

"No, sir, I'm not. But like dad said, we need the money."

"You've got a great son here, Stan. You're very lucky."

"I know, Phil, thanks. Why don't you and Mark go in the den while I stay here and watch TV. If you need anything, I'm sure Mark can find it for you."

Phil picked up his satchel and followed me into the den and we shut the door for some privacy.

"OK, let's see what we need to do to you, Mark. Your hair's auburn, almost red, and goes well with your dark brown eyes and your beautiful tan -- you must spend a lot of time in the sun. I think we should go for the 'boy next door' look. So I'll need to trim your hair some and use some mousse on it to give you a little sort of naughty look. I'll leave your hair somewhat long in front so you'll have some bangs, raise your side burns a little and block your hair in back, leaving enough so that a guy could pull on it if he wants to. I love getting my hair pulled on when I'm being fucked."

I couldn't believe he'd said that, but I have to say the image that formed in my mind was undeniably erotic.

"I love those long eye lashes of yours, Marky-boy. I'd love it if you'd bat them for me."

Just for fun, I batted my eyelashes at him.

He pretended to swoon and I laughed. He gave me a goofy smile. I found that I liked him -- he was a fun guy.

"I really need to see the rest of you too, so, take off your clothes, honey, and let me see all you've got."

I pulled my t-shirt it off, and he smiled. 

"All of them, sugar. Your groin and your ass and those long sexy legs of yours are going to be on display too."

I'd never been nude in front of a gay guy before. Of course in the school showers sometimes maybe but that didn't count. So I took off the rest of my clothes but covered my dick with my hands.

"Shy, huh?" he smiled. "Man, if you've got what I think you've got, you need to flaunt it, not hide it."

"Well, I'll see it soon enough as I go to work on you, so make yourself happy in the meantime," he told me with a lecherous grin.

Phillip walked around me scanning my body, at times running his hand over my skin -- even over my ass cheeks.. I didn't feel he was perving me exactly, but I also thought he was having fun seeing my reactions.

Finally he told me, "You're pretty smooth all over with just a little chest hair, the treasure trail from your navel to your groin and some more on your shoulders and back that we'll have to get rid of and of course some on your ass. We'll leave the treasure trail alone, I always find that incredibly sexy in a boy. Now place your hands over your head -- in other words, 'reach for the sky, boy'!" And he pointed his finger at me like it was a gun.

Laughing, without thinking, I raised my hands over my head.

"Good, I'm glad you don't shave your pits -- oh and a great cock too!" he said with a laugh. He knew he'd tricked me.

Flustered I quickly lowered my hands again, but he batted them away. "Get those hands back up, cutie. People are going to see you in the all-together soon enough, so get used to being looked at in the nude. Seriously!"

"Now back to your pits. A lot of guys like a hairy arm pit, but you've almost got a forest there. I'll have to trim them, but leave enough to turn the guys at Camp Wilde on." 

Next he looked down at my groin and ran a finger through my pubes, sometimes moving my dick out of the way. It felt weird, but it seemed almost clinical, so I didn't object.

"I'll definitely have to trim your pubes but not one of those fancy jobs that'd make you look like a porn star.. Now turn around and bend over, I need to see that pretty ass of yours."

I did as told and then I felt his finger slide up my ass crack and I jumped away.

He laughed at that. "Man it's a crying shame you've let that beautiful ass stay cherry for so long. By the time I was your age, I'd had so many dicks up there, I became bow-legged."

Phillip walked away from me with his legs curved and spread apart. It was so funny, I actually giggled.

"People didn't realize that I didn't get that way by riding horses, but rather by riding hard cocks." Phillip chuckled. "Lord, I love a hard cock up my ass."

I blushed again as my imagination formed a picture in my mind.

"Anyhow, It's clear we'll have to shave your ass, you don't want to get any hairs there caught by some dick sliding in and out. Believe me, that can hurt some."

"Uh, Phillip, when I do get a dick in me, how much is it going to hurt?"

"I won't lie to you, Mark," he got serious, "it depends on how it's done really. If the other guy takes it easy on you and goes slowly, it probably won't be too bad -- but if he forces it, it'll feel like you're being torn open and it'll hurt like hell! The pain will go away after a few minutes though, maybe sooner. You just have to take it -- and I'm sure you'll be able to."

"But," he smiled, "after the pain leaves and his dick starts hitting the right places, you'll start seeing stars -- that's why I love it so much. It's really an unbelievable feeling."

He got busy and went to work on me. It didn't take long -- maybe 40 minutes, but I must admit I did look better when I looked in a mirror after he'd finished.

"How much are you going to charge dad for this, Phillip?" I wanted to know.

He licked his lips -- it was clear he'd already been thinking about this. "Well, normally I charge around $100 for this, sometimes more, but," he grinned, "if you let me blow you, there'll be no charge." He reached down and stroked my shaft as he said this.

I thought about it, actually only for a second or two. We didn't need to spend $100 or more and I was horned up already from all the touching he had done from trimming and shaving me -- and now stroking me, so what the hell: "Go for it!"

Phillip led me over to the chair where he had cut my hair. "You need to sit down for this, but slide to the front of the chair so your ass hangs over it."

He went over to his bag and pulled out a small tube which I guessed was lube, but I couldn't figure out what he'd want that for. He took the cap off, kneeled down in front of me, took some lube on his hand, placing the tube in front of him.

He took my rod in his now lubed hand and stroked me for about a minute, watching my dick get longer and harder.

"Nice, I'll bet you're 8" at least. I wish I could take it in my ass, but that wasn't the deal, and besides I really want to blow you anyway."

He leaned over and licked around the glans, watching the expression of pure pleasure come over my face as he did so. Then he slipped his lips over the head, sucking lightly. I moaned. He licked up and down my shaft, kissing here and there at the same time. Then his mouth covered my cock again, he took a deep breath through his nose and slid his lips down my shaft, slowly inch by inch until he had about 6" of it deep inside his mouth. It felt so wonderful! He breathed some more and I could see his throat muscles working and miraculously, his throat opened up and he took in the final 2" until his nose was in my pubes.

I tensed up, expecting to cum, and he quickly reacted by moving his head back until my dick fell from his mouth, dripping with his saliva.

"Feel good, Marky boy?" he asked.

All I could do was nod. I'd had blow jobs from some of the girls I'd dated, but nothing to compare to this.

Picking up the lube again, he put some more on his fingers, and then lowered his mouth again onto my aching rod. I closed my eyes, reveling in the warmth of his mouth, when I felt his hand sliding under my balls to my ass. He began sliding his mouth up and down on me and at the same time his fingers were probing for my hole. Finding it, he rubbed his lubed fingers around and around it, greasing it and giving me unbelievable pleasure as well. He began sucking my dick earnestly while his finger was pushing against my entrance.

He pulled his mouth off me, looked up and spoke, "I can tell you have a seriously tight ass, Mark. Relax and push out and let my finger in."

He stroked my dick and played with my nipples while I tried to do what he asked. Suddenly I felt his finger slip inside me. He pushed it in as far as he could and then he added a second, using them to expand my opening.

"That's a good boy, Mark. Take my fingers deep inside."
