 After I'd gotten home, I showered, brushed my teeth and gargled with Listerine to get the taste of the night's activities out of my mouth. I could scarcely believe what had just happened. How I'd allowed myself to get in that situation and to be used like that. I went to bed completely exhausted. Almost immediately, images of this strange man's cock being fed to me cycled through my head. I began feeling the stirrings of my own hard on. The more I thought about the humiliation of being forced to do those things, the harder I got. I quickly began jacking myself and came in seconds. Cleaning up, the images left my mind and I fell into a dreamless sleep.

The next day I thought about what had happened only a couple times, but on the way into work I found myself looking over my shoulder while walking through the mall. I couldn't imagine he'd actually come back again, and if so, hopefully I'd be able to get out of it this time. It should have been easy to do the previous night, but I succumbed to him for reasons unknown to me, and I didn't want that to happen again. At least not in my present state of mind.

Work went as usual, with the usual ebbs and flows of traffic through the store. Some co-workers asked me if I'd seen the shift calendar that had been posted up the day before. I told them the manager must have taken it out to work on their shifts, mentally slapping myself in the forehead. My thoughts flickered to if this guy was going to show up tonight. I thought I'd seen him on the other side of the main hallway once, but chalked it up to paranoia. Through most of my shift I was praying he wouldn't, and then as the night went on, I began to think of what happened last night more and more, and as mortified as I was, I would find myself getting hard and would have to work hard to conceal it. 8:30 came and went, and the traffic all but ceased. Sensing that was the end of business, I closed out all the receipts and by 8:45 I was done and waiting for closing time. Inevitably, two patrons walked in – a man and a woman. I asked if I could help them, and it was the usual, "No, we're just looking". So I left them alone, and started straightening up some of the racks figuring that perhaps they'd get the hint. I hadn't been watching them at all as I was in the back, trying to occupy my mind with work. I turned around at one point to see if they were still here, and they were, but it was just them and nobody else. Relieved, I was just about to turn to head to the large pull-down gate when I noticed another person in the store. Over by the jean racks.

It had to be him, I thought. I calmed myself and said from across the store, "I'm sorry, we're closing in a moment. Is there anything I can help you with?" I said it in general so all parties understood. 

He turned to me and said, "Can I please try these on?" My heart was in my throat when I realized it was him. I turned to the other couple, partially praying that they would want to try something on as well, but they took the hint from my previous statement (which I immediately regretted), and were headed out of the store. This left me alone with this guy again, and I didn't want a repeat of last night.

"I'm sorry, sir- I'm just closing up. If you'd come back tomorrow, I'm sure we could help you out," I said.

"Oh, I'm sure this will just take a moment. How about a little customer service?" he said.

Against my better judgment, I said, "Ok, but I really do need to close up."

"No problem. I won't be a minute," he said, smirking. Oh God, I thought, and I cursed myself under my breath. This is how it happened last night. I walked, sullenly over to the dressing room doors and opened one up. When he entered, I was sure to close it completely. Being weak was going to get me in trouble. I planned on keeping the gate completely open this time so that any security rounds would notice it. I stayed nearby so that when he came out I could hopefully run him out of the store. Under the door, I noticed he'd taken his pants off and appeared to be putting on the new ones. Just then, another patron walked in the store, so I left my spot in the back and walked up to the front. "I'm sorry, we're just about to close," I said. 

He responded, "Oh, I saw your gate was still up and thought you were still open." Just then, the dressing room door opened and my stalker emerged. Thankfully his pants were still on this time. 

"I thought you said you were closed," the man said next to me. 

"Well, we are," I explained. "This guy came in a moment before you did and I thought I'd let him try something on, but he's just leaving."

Just then, I saw him grab another pair of pants from the wall and walk back into his changing room. The guy in the front said, "Well, I guess I'll come back later. Thanks."

I quickly pulled the gate down a little so any other people would get the hint and cursed my poor luck. I walked to the back again and saw, of course, that the door was nearly wide open and there before me, was standing the same guy that had forced me to take his cock in my mouth only twenty-four hours prior. He had one leg in the new pants and one out. His cock was flopping around as he attempted to dress and I immediately had flashbacks of the previous night in the back of the store. Again, I was transfixed and could barely function. It wasn't that I desired his cock – I wasn't. It was a mixture of fear, taboo, and curiosity, though you'd think that curiosity would have been dashed after last night.

He looked at me as he stooped over and said, "Sorry, I had to grab another pair while you were up there." 

I said weakly, "Yeah, um, we're closed now, though so..."

"Oh, I'll just be a minute," he stated. "If you help me out, I'll be out of here that much faster. Hand me that shirt right next you."

I couldn't believe this. He was clearly trying to manipulate me. I handed him the shirt, annoyed and said, "Ok, but I really need to close up."

Just then the security guard walked by, noticing my gate was still up, and said, "Hey, you gonna close this up?"

I walked over to him and said, "I'll get it in a moment – I'm just finishing up back here."

"Well, you know the mall rules. We need all these gates closed by 9pm. Security guidelines, you know," he explained. 

Fuck, I thought to myself. I responded, "Alright. Thanks." I didn't want to draw attention to the fact that I had a half naked man in the changing room right now, but I also didn't want him to leave this area. Well, this just could not be getting any worse, I thought as I shut the gate to the ground. 

I returned to the room and said, "Security has informed me that I have to escort you out now." He was surprisingly fully clothed. He peeked out the door to the front of the store and saw the gate was closed. 

"Do they know I'm in here? Why would they close the gate if they knew you had a customer in the store? That's a fire hazard, you know," he said. This guy was a real piece of work. 

I stammered, "Well, yeah, but they have these rules about the gates being shut at nine pm and all. Anyway, he knows you're here and he'll check in on me in a few minutes." 

That was a straight-up lie and he knew it, smirking at me. "Ok," he said. "Well then I guess I should change out of these clothes. I'm having trouble getting the right fit here." He took off the shirt and handed it to me. I put it quickly back on the rack and turned to see him stark naked just inside the doorway. I was frozen and pale as I looked at him. He held the pants in his hand. I reached over and took them. He held on to them a second longer than he should have before letting them go. "The others are in here," he said. 

"I'll get them when you leave," I replied. 

"Suit yourself," he replied, and started putting his clothes back on. Once dressed, he emerged from the dressing room. "Well, I guess we'll have to leave through the back?" he said. I cursed under my breath yet again. 

He walked toward the back door and I said, "Wait...you can't go back there!" but he was already through the door. I quickly turned the lights out in the front of the store, and looked around for any signs of the guard. Of course, there were none. Jeezus, I said to myself. I turned to head to the back of the store, and it may as well been a city block away. When I emerged through the door, I expected to see him by the exit, which he wasn't. I was then crestfallen to see him where he was the previous night. Right next to the pants' shelves, and trying on more of them. He looked to have just pulled on a pair, along with a new shirt. I quickly stated, as forcefully as I could, "Sir, you REALLY have to leave." He looked up at me with a sorrowful expression.

"Oh, I'm sorry. I just thought I'd help myself since you looked busy," he said, smirking. He took the shirt off first and tossed it to me, and as I tried to fold it, he started taking the pants off. I put down the shirt and waited for him. His thick uncircumcised penis fell away, arcing toward the ground. I didn't notice anything else. I was totally focused on his cock swinging in front of him. His testicles hung low behind, wedged between his solid quadriceps. 

"Here you go," he said as he held out the pants. I was shaken from my stupor. I walked over to him and took the pants, but he held on to them. I noticed he was about two or three inches taller than me - a point that I hadn't really noticed before. This just added to my perceived insignificance. 

"I really appreciate you helping me out like this," he said. It's kind of going above and beyond the call, you letting me try on clothes back here, after closing time and all alone." 

"Um, no problem, sir," I said. I swallowed hard. He took half a step closer to me and I felt his cock brush against my thigh. "I should be going now," I said, sheepishly.

"You don't look like you're in a rush. Do you see something you like?" he asked. He grabbed my right wrist and pulled it firmly toward his cock. "You really like this don't you?" he said. "I'm beginning to think you actually enjoy being manipulated."

I started to pull my hand away, but his hands were strong. He held my hand to his dick and began to rub it up and down.

"Sir, I really have to go. I can get in a lot of trouble for this," I pleaded. 

"Then do as you're told," he said. "This doesn't have to be difficult. Get on your knees."

"Please...," I begged. 

He smiled and said, "Ok, please get on your knees." With his left hand still grasping my wrist into his crotch, he dropped the pants in his other hand, and moved it to my left shoulder, applying pressure downward. I started to buckle, but resolutely stated, "Look, I've really got to go, and so do you!" 

He sighed and shook his head lightly. There was a pause, and then he said with increasing volume, "I guess you just don't learn. Get on your KNEES." He pushed me down hard with both hands and landed squat on the floor. "I told you that this didn't have to be difficult, so now we'll make it difficult. Suck my cock. Let's see if you can listen to direction now. You're going to take this dick and like it," he said. 

I didn't know what to do. Sensing my indecision, he grabbed the back of my head by the hair and pulled me face to his stiffening cock. The tip of his dick glistened with precum and the thick, veiny foreskin covered most of the head. He said, "C'mon, son. Open up."

I halfway opened my mouth, not believing this was happening yet again. He clearly had me under his control. I felt totally powerless. His cock entered my mouth and I tasted the salty precum on my tongue. "Yessss, that's it. Take that cock," he said passionately. He began to move it deeper in my mouth. "Don't you love that cock? Let's see you take it all the way down to my nuts." I stared up at him questioningly. "Oh you'll do it, alright," he said, knowingly. He forced his rapidly hardening penis into my throat, making me gag. He took his time back there, holding my head firmly to him. "Relax your throat. That's it. Take my cock in your mouth." Now both his hands were holding my head in place like a vice. The pain of him gripping my hair took away the pain of him stuffing his thick piece of meat down my throat momentarily. Then abruptly, he pulled it out of my mouth, and I gasped for air.

"That's real good, son. Real good. See how hard you're making me? You're doing a great job. I'd hate to ruin those nice clothes of yours. Let's take them off, ok?" he said. 

"No, I'm ok," I responded, still catching my breath.

"It wasn't a request, boy. Take off your clothes." 

"I can't. I shouldn't even be here..."

I started to stand up quickly, but he caught me and roughly pushed me up against the shelved full of jeans. He said menacingly, "Son, when I tell you to do something, you do it!" He pressed all his weight up against me, wedging me in place. He then reached around and started unbuckling my belt and pants. I managed to move one hand down to stop him, but he pushed against me as hard as he could against the shelves. His rigid cock was grinding into my back, and his right hand was wrapped around my chest firmly. He unzipped my pants and found my cock fully erect. "Oh what do we have here?" he said, mockingly. "And here I was beginning to think you didn't want this. It's a bit smaller than mine, don't you think? Don't you think?!" 

"Yes," I responded. I was completely at his disposal now. 

"You're going to wish my cock was that size when I'm finished with you. Take off your clothes," he said. He released me and turned me around, not giving me any leeway. Defeated, I unbuttoned my shirt and took it off. My cock was point straight at the ceiling, so I started to remove my shoes, pants and boxers. Once off, I stood before him as he stroked his fully erect penis, rubbing the thick foreskin back and forth over the head. It seemed to pulse in his hand. 

He said, "Boy, that cock is a lot smaller than mine. Have you ever fucked any girls with it?" 

"Yeah, my girlfriend," I said, defensively. 

"Does she like your dick?" 

"Yeah, she likes it."

"I wonder if she's ever had a cock like this one before. Do you think she'd be able to handle something this size?"

"I don't know. Maybe." 

"Yeah, I bet she'd like having a real man's cock inside her. Have you ever wondered what it would be like to be fucked?" 

I must have completely turned white. "No, I've never thought of that" I said, and I took a step away from him.

"Oh, sure you have. Your girl likes it, maybe you would too," he said. He took a step toward me.

"No, really. Never. That's not my thing" I said, wavering. I began to think of how to get to the exit. Then I realized I had no clothes. 

"Just like sucking cock isn't your thing? You seem to do that pretty well. Like I said before, we can do this easy, or we can make it difficult. Get on your knees again. I need my cock sucked." I backed away.

"Look, I think I've done enough here. This has gone far enough, don't you think?" I pleaded.

"Boy, you just don't know how to listen, do you?" he said in mock disappointment. "Don't you realize that this is going to happen right now? Don't worry, I will take it easy on you. If you do as you're told, that is. Now. On your knees."

I didn't want to make him angry again, so I got down on my knees. I had backed myself up against a wall now, literally and figuratively. The cold drywall behind me would now keep me from getting away. He held his cock to my lips, and I opened my mouth, with tears beginning to sting my eyes. He said, "Yes, that's it. You're finally starting to listen. Suck that big cock, boy. Take it in your mouth." He pushed it in and out of my mouth. He continued, "Now lick that big cock up and down. That's it. You're doing wonderfully." I licked his shaft up and down its length. I was no longer feeling repulsed by it, and I daresay, was beginning to actually enjoy it, although I didn't want him to know that. It was probably getting obvious though. I began bobbing my head back and forth, and he increased his rate. "That's it, son. Take that cock in your mouth. Put your hands on my ass," he said.

I did what he told me to do. I rested my hands on each cheek of his buttocks and could feel his butt muscles flex each time he pushed his cock in short stokes inside my mouth. He began to pant as he spoke, "God, that's it. Suck that big cock. Suck it, you little cocksucker. I can't wait to shoot this cum in your mouth." Then he pulled out and took a step away from me. I looked up at him, confused. He turned away from me and walked to where his pants lay in a heap on the floor. He rummaged in his pockets for a moment, and when he turned around I noticed he had what appeared to be a condom and a small plastic bottle, not unlike you'd see in a hotel bathroom, to hold shampoo. "Stand up," he said. 

I looked up at him confusedly and stood slowly. He was still stroking his cock. It was red and throbbing, and looked like it could have driven through the wall that was stuck to my back. He opened the condom and stretched it over his huge penis. I was amazed that it fit all the way on. Then he said, "Turn around." 

I'm sure my eyes were the size of dinner plates. "No...I can't," I stammered. I suddenly bolted, trying to get past him, but I was surrounded by racks and shelves of clothing on three sides. With him blocking my only exit. He grabbed me with his large arm and grasped me around the waist as I kicked and said loudly, "No! I can't!!" All he said was, "Shhhh. Just relax," as I continued to struggle. I couldn't believe how strong he was. He then pulled me back to the wall, slamming me against it chest-first and forced his all his weight against me. The heat and sweat from his huge frame was permeating. Drips of sweat fell from his brow onto my shoulders as he pressed me fast against the wall. His huge cock was wedged into my back like a gun during a hold-up. I heard the top of a plastic bottle pop open and what sounded like some thick liquid squirting out of it. I couldn't even pull my arms free to push against the wall. He had me in a perfect bind. 

He started to place apply the cold lubricant between my butt cheeks, which caused me to reflexively clench them together. "Hmmmm tight," he responded. "I like that. Keep that up," he said in a mocking tone. I immediately stopped, and he applied more around my rectum. He had already put some on his cock-I felt it sliding around on my back. He said, "You're going to love this, boy." We were slowly moving sideways along the wall, partially due to my trying slowly to escape, and him continuing to press against me. I tried to push away, but he pushed back. It seemed that if I resisted, his hold became tighter and even more unrelenting, until finally, I was in the corner. I felt his finger circle around my tightened asshole. "Just relax and we'll make sure this gets lubed up real nice," said. He then applied more lube until everything between my buttocks was slick. He suddenly slipped a finger inside me and I gasped. 

"Shhh...relax. Relax your ass," he said softly. Then he put another finger inside and moved it in and out. He then pulled his fingers out and I felt his cock pushing into my ass cheeks, seeking my tightened rectum. He moved it back and forth there, and then found his target. He very slowly started to push against me asshole until the head began to make its way in.

The pain was, at first, excruciating. I gasped, and he stopped, clearly having some experience in doing this before. "Relax your muscles. That's it. Just take it," he said. Slowly he began to move deeper inside my ass. I didn't have any idea how this thing was going inside me. His cock moved very slowly back and forth, move each thrust a little deeper. I felt like I was relaxing a little until he hit another group of muscles that gave him resistance. He slowly applied more pressure until he slipped deeper into my bowels, and I gasped again. The pain was much like the first time, but duller in nature. He started moving back and forth, all the while moving deeper and deeper into my ass. 
