 I was reading this Craigslist ad from some 33 year old guy: 

"I have a cocksucking buddy who likes to suck me off. Last week we had another dude join us. He really got off on my cocksucker sucking another cock. He even jacked the dude a lil. We're looking for a dude or a few guys that want oral service, he will lick suck deepthroat and swallow your cocks and cum." 

That sounded great to me - who doesn't like a great blowjob? So I replied and showed up. 

A tall slim good-looking guy, who was acting the way you'd expect someone to act when looking on the DL for men who saw his ad on CL, gave me the eye. So I came closer. Seems the cocksucker from the ad hadn't shown up yet, so the guy, David, was going to make a call. Did I want to join him upstairs? 

Sure. 

When we get there, he made the call, no joy. "Now what?" And he looks at me with a look that made me shiver, a bit turned on by how he was eyeing me like he had a week long load and someone needed to take care of that. And then he started talking to me, telling me of his need, and then said, "I need to cum. Let's take turns." 

And he gives me this look that makes my heart pound faster, and time slowed down from the adrenaline rush, this feeling of disbelief this was happening. And I'm thinking of walking out, but his strong arms are on my shoulders, gently pushing me down. And godhelpme I wanted my cock sucked, and so I submit to the firm but gentle insistence of his strong hands, and bend down, still standing but bent over, with a hand lightly holding the back of my head, and he slowly unzips his shorts and lets them fall to his ankles. Then, still holding my head captive, he steps forward a few inches until his cockhead touches my lips.

He rubs his cockhead across my lips, and I lick my lips and taste the saltiness of his precum and just the tip of his cockhead, no penetration, and I'm thinking I can do this without really sucking his cock, just get him to cum with my lips, but the pressure of my lips creating suction on his soft dickhead skin makes him groan and he thrusts his hips slowly forward as his cockhead oh so slowly slips through my lips, his soft head pushing deeper as his hand held my neck captive, and he start fucking my face and I took it, I took it and liked it, oooh so sexy getting facefucked like that, and he was 

talking on the phone, telling someone to come over, so I licked and sucked harder so he would cum and then it would be my turn to get blown. 

Some men came in the room just as his hand forcefully holding my mouth on his cock pushed my lips back over his cockhead, swallowing it, and I'm distracted a moment by my shorts being pulled down, but I don't care, it kind of feels sexy being undressed with a dick slowly pistoning in my mouth, then I'm sliding his dickhead on my cheek's inside while my palm tapped the outside, and he grunted in surprise at how good that felt and shot his load, filling my mouth with cum ...

And I shudder in surprise as a finger invades my butt crack, cool and slick with liquid ... 

And the man who has cum in my mouth starts urging me in a sexy seductive voice to swallow it, and I'm turned on by the sound and the wonderful feel of the finger invading between my cheeks and touching my hole.

So I swallow his cum. 

I'm getting a little alarmed at how turned on I am but that finger oh so slowly slipping into my hole, and it hurts but I'm pushing my ass against the finger, fucking myself on it, and I'm afraid I'll do something I'll regret, and anyway it's my turn to get sucked.

But when I try to stand up so I would get my turn, one of the guys who had come in the room and had been watching all this grabbed my hair. "Hey" I say. "No."

"Open your mouth, cocksucker." 

"I'm not a cocksucker." 

"Oh yeah? You came in here, you bent over for a hard dick, and you sucked cock and you took a mouthful of cum. How's that not a cocksucker?" 

And I look at my host, the guy whose cum I can still taste, and said, "Look, you said we can take turns. It's my turn." 

"I said we can take turns. And we all are, we're all gonna take turns and fuck your cocksucking mouth."

And the guy whose got my head trapped grabs my hair harder, hurting a bit, but it's weird, the pain feels kinda good, and he starts to fuck my face. I try to rise, but my face can't move - it's pinned by a strong hand sliding a cock inside my face. And then my legs are being spread apart, and a cock lightly bucks and strains at my hole, the pressure building in a sexy way, till he pops through, and oh fuck it hurts, but I'm turned on by the grunting noise he makes as he fucks me, it feels real sexy to get fucked, so I buck back at him while the dick in my mouth pins me in place, and the guy fucking my mouth says, "Oh, fuck, I can't wait", grunting and spurting inside me ...

And the guy behind me starts to fuck me hard, and it hurts, and I tell him to stop, but he spanks my ass and grabs my hair and pulls me back so I'm the one impaling myself on his cock while he stays still, then he spanks me once more and grunts and groans and I know he's cumming inside me, and I wonder how the fuck I wound up bent over getting a load shot deep in my ass while I taste two other men's sperm in my mouth and several other men look hungrily at me, ready to take their turn.