 There sat Joe with a huge smile on his face holding his phone in one hand and his cock in the other. He had just recorded the entire scene of Greg giving me the most intense orgasm ever. I was speechless. Fortunately Greg wasn't.

"What the fuck are you doing?" he asked.

"That was some show, I figured I'd record it so I could watch it over again if I wanted to. I can think of some other people who might like to see this too." Joe answered.

"Can I see you in the kitchen?" Greg said as he got up. Joe followed him. He was still dressed and I couldn't help but notice his cock sticking out from the front of his pants.

I could hear the two of them talking but I couldn't really make out what they were saying. I sat up on the couch and held my head in my hands. What if the guys at work see that video? Or my wife?!! OH FUCK!! She would leave me for sure. And my parents? SHIT!! What did I do?

They were whispering loudly in the kitchen and I struggled to hear. I picked up Greg saying, "Yeah, I'm sick of it too. I guess you're right. Fine, let's do it."

They came out of the kitchen, Joe leading the way. "OK, here's the deal. So I've got this video, if you want me to keep this little gem between us I'm going to have to get something in return."

"Please, Joe, I'll do anything." I begged.

Joe laughed. "You sure will!!" he answered.

I was confused. What did that mean? I looked over at Greg who was standing behind Joe and hanging back a little. He was standing there, still naked, slowly stroking his cock. He didn't say anything. I looked back at Joe. "I don't understand".

He looked annoyed. "Well, you're going to do whatever the fuck I tell you or I'm going to put this video online and watch it go viral. So wipe that stupid look off your face and get on your knees."

I slid onto the floor, still unsure. Joe stepped closer to me as he removed his shirt. He was semi hairy and looked like he was probably in good shape at one time. But his belly protruded a bit from his midsection now and his cock was sticking out the front of his pants about 6 inches. It was soft.

Now just inches in front of me I could see the veins on his shaft. "Undo my belt and let my pants fall to the floor." he ordered. I reached up and unfastened his belt and undid his pants. They fell to the floor. His cock was inches from my face, still soft. He was well manicured down there though still a decent amount of hair. His balls seemed so big but in proportion to his shaft. I looked up at Joe.

"Well," he said, "suck my dick."

"I'm not sucking that." I said as I started to get up. He pushed me back down.

He held his camera in my face and said, "What do you think your wife will say when I email this to her?"

He had me. "Alright, alright!" I said. Joe set the phone down as I reached up and wrapped my fingers around his cock and gave it a few strokes. I could feel it stiffen in my hand. I looked up at Joe and he raised his eyebrows. I brought my lips to the head of his dick and stopped. "Shit," I said and opened my mouth.

I moved my head forward and took him into my mouth. It was salty and was still stiffening. It wasn't awful though I still wasn't crazy about doing it. I slid my lips up and down him but it was beginning to stretch my mouth and poke my throat. I still had my hand wrapped around the base. I slid him out of my mouth.

His cock was now at full hardness. It was huge! He must have noticed my eyes popping out of my head. "Eight and a half inches and almost as round as a beer can!" he informed me. I wanted to run out of the house but he grabbed the back of my head and shoved his cock back in my mouth. He wasn't gentle this time. He was trying to push his cock down my throat! I started gagging.

"You're going to have to do better than that, cocksucker!" he ordered as he tried to force my head down his shaft. It just wouldn't fit. I pushed on his thigh and he popped out of my mouth. I got him back in and took a deep breath. Again he grabbed me head and forced his cock deep into my mouth except this time he somehow got it in my throat. The shock of suddenly having a massive cock in my throat startled me and I tried to push away again but he was too strong. He was grinding his balls against my chin and making his thick pubes tickle my nose.

I was getting lightheaded when he let me off. He didn't let my mouth off his cock this time though. "Fucking impressive" I heard him say. He held my head tightly as he fucked my mouth. I just tried to hold on, let him do his thing since there wasn't much I could do about it. I must have been doing a good job because he was grunting and moaning while he used me and oozing precum like mad.

I knew trouble was coming when her grabbed a fistful of my hair with one hand and the base of his rod with the other. The head of his cock swelled up just before his shot his hot load into my mouth. "FFUUUCCKKKK!!" I didn't know what to do with the sticky, salty load in my mouth. I wanted to spit it out but Joe was still grinding my mouth and holding my head. Some of his cum was dripping down my chin.

He looked down at me. "Open. I wanna see my load in your mouth." I did as he said. "Now swallow." I looked away and choked down his wad. He still had a grip on my hair and used his cock to wipe up the cum dribbles on my face before he told me to lick it off. I ran my tongue over his cock. I wanted to throw up.

"Look! The cocksucker must be enjoying this! He's hard as a rock! Joe exclaimed. I looked down...he was right!! What the fuck?

"Your turn," Joe said to Greg. Greg got up and sat on the couch where I was sitting earlier. He was hard already, stroking his cock. He was shaved except for a small patch of hair above his dick and he wasn't as big as Joe, closer to 7 inches and not as thick. I turned to him and looked at him, pleading with my eyes.

"You know what you have to do." he said. "Take your time, enjoy it. Get lost in the experience."

I moved up between his lags and grabbed his cock. I could still taste Joe's cum. I licked his cock under the head. he moaned. "OK," I thought to myself, "I can do this." The sooner I make him cum the sooner I can get out of here. I tried to do what I like my wife to do to me when she blows me. I swirled my tongue around the head and slowly slid down his length. I pushed myself to try to take him in my throat. I felt a bit of pride when my nose nestled into crotch. "Oh fuck!" I heard him say. "Rub my balls." Yeah, good idea. This was going pretty well I was thinking to myself. Certainly more pleasant than the face fuck I got from Joe. Things soon changed.

I sensed someone behind me and was surprised to feel someone spread my ass cheeks. I started to pull away from Greg when I felt something on my asshole that caused me to freeze. It was Joe's tongue. My ass up in the air gave him easy access to my hole and damn, it felt incredible. I pushed my ass towards him and went back to sucking but with more vigor. I was starting to really get into it. Greg placed his hand on my head to encourage me. His moaning was really turning me on. When Joe took his tongue out of my ass I felt a bit disappointed. I was really enjoying it.

My disappointment changed to fear when I felt him run his cock up and down the crack of my ass. I tried to turn around to beg him to stop but he grabbed a fistful of my hair and held me in place. "Don't even think about letting that cock out of your mouth." he ordered. Greg's hand was now holding my head on his cock. 

The pressure on my asshole was intense. I clenched my fists as the bulbous head of his cock slipped inside me."Shhhhh. Just relax." Greg told me. Push back onto his cock. It'll make things go a little easier." Yeah, relax while I get a tree trunk shoved up my ass. I was moaning and grunting as Joe pushed more of his cock inside me. I tried to push back but the pain was intense. I know it's cliche but it felt like he was splitting me right up the middle.

I was gasping and groaning around Greg's cock when I felt Joe finally bottom out. He held it inside me for a few minutes and it started feeling better, more tolerable. It actually felt kinda good. I went back to sucking Greg's cock, eagerly wanting to please him. I couldn't deny it to myself anymore. I was liking this. It was like Joe's cock flipped a gay switch inside my bowels. Joe's hairy balls ticked my sack as he ground his hips against my ass.

He began slowly pulling out of my ass and Greg was pushing my mouth further down his cock. My moans seemed to be tickling his rod and he wanted more. Joe slammed his cock back into me, surprising me and knocking the wind out of me. I heard him chuckle. He slowly pulled back out again and began an agonizing rhythm. He'd pull out almost all the way than thrust back into me. Joe was long stroking me! Then, on occasion, he'd give me a firm slap on the ass.

I felt like such a whore. I had a cock in my ass and one in my mouth. Spit roasted by two gay dudes...and liking it. Maybe they slipped something in my drink or perhaps it was just a few too many drinks, but I couldn't help pushing my ass into Joe so I could get his big dick inside me. And the cock in my mouth? It seemed natural somehow. I didn't have time to continue my train of thought.

Joe changed positions. He was now sliding into me at more of a downward angle. He was hitting something inside me. On his in stroke my body would respond involuntarily. I'd shiver and squeal around the cock in my mouth. He'd pull out and hit that spot again and again I'd shiver and squeal. I felt kind of helpless. Greg seemed to like it. He was pushing my face down his cock and holding my face in his crotch, burying his meat in my throat. As the assault on my ass continued Greg held my head and began fucking my face.

"Oh, fuck yeah!! Oh fuck!Oh baby make me cum!" he started saying, the volume increasing with every thrust. His body suddenly tensed up. "AAAARRRRGGGGHHHHHHH!!" As he began spurting cum in my mouth Joe grabbed a handful of hair from behind and forced my head up and down on Greg's cock. Had he not done that I would have been OK. But it threw off my rhythm and caused me to choke. The huge load continued to shoot so I now had cum dripping out of my nose. Of course Joe didn't know this. He had stopped humping me, burying his huge cock in my ass and leaving it there while forcing my mouth up and down his boyfriend's shaft. Cum was leaking out of my mouth and nose and was smeared all over my face and in my eyes.

Greg's body relaxed and Joe let go of my hair. I continued to kiss and lick his balls as Joe resumed fucking me. He managed to find that same spot and now, without a cock in my mouth to muffle me, I was screeching on every thrust. I loved it when he would slap my ass. His thrusts were becoming harder and faster.

Suddenly, out of nowhere, I felt my body begin to shiver and I suddenly came, shooting my cum all over the floor. "Oh, fuck me!!" I exclaimed. Joe started grunting as he pounded me. As my orgasm subsided Joe's began. He thrust into me so our balls were pressed together and emptied his load inside me. I felt every squirt of his seed splash inside me until he was finished and slowly pulled out. He fell back on his knees, panting.

I spun around so I was sitting on the floor but leaning against the couch. I could feel his thick wad inside my ass. Man, I was sore. Joe was sitting on the floor, shiny in sweat. I was feeling a bit of pride that I took what he could give and came out OK.

He looked at me and said, "Get your shit and get the fuck out!".

"JOE!!" Greg responded.

"No, fuck that. Get your cock-teasing ass the fuck out of my house!"

I was a bit surprised. But I was also getting a little afraid. Joe was clearly not happy with me. I picked my clothes up off the floor and began to dress.

"Leave the underwear." Joe demanded.

I didn't know what to say. I slipped my shorts on and pulled my shirt over my head, leaving my underwear on the floor and headed for the door with my shoes in my hand. I was missing a sock.

I turned as I approached the door. I was confused. I thought I had done good. "Check your email when you get home." Joe told me. Greg didn't even look at me.

As I walked back to my car, two blocks away, I was annoyed. I could feel Joe's load leaking out of my formerly virgin ass and I could still taste Greg's cum. Listen, cool air was rushing up my leg and into my gaping asshole. What was Joe's fucking problem? He raped my mouth, he tore my ass up, what else did he want from me?

I finally got to my car, which couldn't have come soon enough. My ass was really sore. My jaw hurt too. Ungrateful fags. That's what they are.

I drove home as safely as I could. I had been drinking and although I didn't think I was drunk anymore I also didn't want to push my luck. I don't live that far away anyway.

I arrived in my driveway. I could feel my shorts were wet from Joe's load. I'm sure there was a huge wet spot. I went in the house and took a shower...I dunno, I felt dirty. I was going to get into bed but figured I'd check my email. Joe said to check my email when I got home. I sat down at the desk and turned the machine on. Sure enough there was an email from Joe. I clicked on it.

It was empty except for a movie clip. "Yeah, yeah", I thought. You caught me getting blown by another guy. We've been over this. I don't know what made me click it.

Yeah, it wasn't the blowjob scene. Joe had recorded me sucking his cock. He handed me off to Greg. I sucked Greg's cock while Joe pounded my ass.

"Just fucking great", I said out loud to myself as I hobbled to bed. Damn my ass hurt...