 I can't even believe what just happened. I'm still in shock. I guess I don't have anyone to blame but myself. Let me explain. I'm a CL tease. You know the guy, answers ads and leads you along but never follows through. I'm that guy. I don't know why I do it, I'm happily married with a pretty decent sex life. I just like to tease guys, feel wanted. And let's face it, women get a lot of attention so they don't like to play. Guys are easy, just say you wanna suck their cock or you want your cock sucked and you can fill your mailbox with hot emails. It gets me off. Whatever.

So I answer an ad from an older man, 51 he said. He was looking for a regular cock to suck and maybe get sucked. He lived fairly local, too, about 15 minutes away. Perfect. I answered back, "I'm 35, 7c, curious". I always play the straight, curious guy. It gets more responses and I can lead the guy on a little longer. He answered right back...sucker!!

His name is Greg and he's gay. He also has a boyfriend, Joe, who is 53. They live together but have an open relationship so they can play if they find someone they like. Two guys to tease!! I reeled these two in, no problem. Endless emails and hot texts to both of them.

"I want you to take my man-ginity." I'd text them.

"I bet your mouth would feel so hot on my cock!!" I'd text another time.

Email got even hotter. Sometimes I'd have a few beers before emailing them and let it go a little further. "I wonder what it would be like to be on my knees and looking up at both of you...would you feed me your cocks?"

Joe was the rougher one. "I'd fuck your mouth and pump my load down your throat!" he'd reply.

"I want you all to myself so you could kiss and lick my cock. I'm sure you'll love the taste of my cum." Greg would say.

This back and forth went on for five or six months. We chatted about other things too, work, relationships, whatever. Turns out they are actually pretty nice guys. They were pretty funny sometimes, too. We developed a pretty good friendship over those months. I told them everything that was happening in my life. I felt incredibly comfortable with them. So when they offered to meet I didn't hesitate to agree.

My wife is away visiting family so we decided since we had the opportunity we would meet at a bar that was about two blocks from their house. I thought a public place would be best, just to be safe. They were really cool though. You'd never know they were gay. No fruity, flamboyant weirdos here. Just normal guys. Greg was slim, about 5-10, like me, with short salt and pepper hair. Joe was more burly, a bit shorter with a bit of a gut. He had brown hair. He looked younger than Greg. They were both decent looking guys, I guess. I couldn't have asked them to be nicer. We tossed back a few beers and did a couple of shots while we played a little pool. I was feeling pretty good when we decided to leave.

We left and headed over to their house. It was a pretty nice place, an old colonial set back from the street. We went inside and Joe got us a few beers to keep the fun going. It was still pretty early, the sun was still up though that's not unusual in the summertime. After a few beers Greg sat down next to me on the couch. I didn't think anything of it until he put his hand on my thigh.

I tensed up a little and Greg noticed. "It's OK, Just relax." he said as he began rubbing my thigh. It did feel pretty good. I'm sure the alcohol helped but no harm in a little leg rub. Then his hand slid up under my shorts and grabbed my cock! I gasped and looked over at him but I didn't stop him. I was frozen. He began massaging my cock under my shorts but through my underwear. Greg was looking me right in the eyes. He could see I was enjoying it. I closed my eyes and just enjoyed the stroking.

I was awaken from my trance by his lips touching mine. He squeezed my cock a little and I gasped, his tongue slipped into my mouth. It wasn't rough or harsh, it was actually nice. I got into it and began kissing him back. He pulled his hand out of my pants and began unfastening my shorts. He straddled me, taking my face in his hands and kissing me before sitting up and pulling off my shirt. He came back down nibbled on my bottom lip then kissed my chin and kissed and sucked my neck. He was driving me nuts! 

He slowly kissed and licked down my body. He got to my waist and slid to his knees. When he grabbed my shorts I lifted my hips to help him slide them off. My rock hard cock slapped me in the stomach. He dove right for my balls. His mouth felt amazing on my sack. He put my legs up on his shoulders giving him full access to my undercarriage, which he took full advantage of by sticking his tongue into my asshole! I damn near jumped through the ceiling and squealed like a schoolgirl! I heard him giggle a little as he worked his tongue into my virgin hole. When I reached for my cock to give it a stroke or two he pushed my hand away. I was completely at his mercy.

He brought his tongue up my crack, ran it along my balls, and slowly licked my shaft until he reached the head. Without using his hands he took my cock into his mouth. He slowly slid my entire shaft into his throat and held it there. "Oh, fuck yeah," I heard myself say. He slowly slid up and began bobbing in my lap. He'd done this before. I felt his hand cup my balls while he worked my cock in his mouth.

I held my head in my hands. I'd feel my load begin to charge up my shaft and he'd back off until I calmed down, then he'd get me ready again, then back off again. It was driving me insane! To top it off, every now and then he'd touch and gently push on my asshole. No penetration, just pressure.

It made me jump every time! Slurping up my rod, gently squeezing my nuts, butt hole pressure, not letting me cum...I needed to cum so bad. I began to beg.

"Please!! Please let me cum! Suck me off! I can't take anymore!!" I called out. I reached for his head to pull his tight throat around my cock but he'd push my hands away every time.

Then it happened. I heard myself make some strange grunting gurgling sound. "Nnunngg!!" And just as my cock was shooting it's first wad Greg shoved a finger up my ass! Well, I lost total control of my body. More strange noises came out of my mouth. "Yyunngglee yyunngllee!!" I remember feeling my hips come up off the couch then everything becomes a blur. I know I heard myself making noise I wasn't conscious making. The finger in my ass was the only thing I remember feeling.

I don't remember finishing my orgasm. I think I may have passed out. When I opened my eyes Greg was getting up from between my legs. He was naked now, not sure when that happened. I was still breathing a little heavy and I was beginning to get feeling back in my body. Greg sat next to me on the couch and put his arm around me. I cuddled up with him as the fog in my head cleared.

"Did you enjoy that?" he asked me.

"Mnnn, yeah" I answered breathlessly.

"Just 'mmnnn, yeah'? That's it?"

"Dude...I don't even know what to say. No one has ever made me cum that hard. That was the most amazing blowjob I've ever had. Nothing I've experienced has even come close to that. That was amazing!"

Greg giggled. I'm glad you liked it.

A few moments passed. My head was still spinning when I heard, "Dude...I don't even know what to say. No one has ever made me cum that hard. That was the most amazing blowjob I've ever had. Nothing I've experienced has even come close to that. That was amazing!"

My head shot over to the chair across from the couch. Joe!! I forgot all about him. He was holding his phone with a huge smile on his face. Son of a bitch!! He had recorded the whole thing!