 He greeted me as I walked in, naked as usual. He kissed me passionately. I kicked off my shoes and reached to take off my shirt. He stopped me. He walked over to the entryway table and grabbed the blindfold sitting there. As he approached, I smiled and said, "What the....." He held up a finger in a "shush" motion, walked behind me and tied the blindfold firmly over my eyes.

He grabbed my hand and led me into the living room. He pulled my shirt over my head, unbuttoned my jeans and slowly pulled them down to my ankles. I stepped out of them, leaving me completely naked and exposed. My hands and legs trembled a bit with anticipation. He stood in front of me, grabbed my ass with both hands and pulled me into him as he devoured my mouth. Our cocks were pressed together and he grinded against me as he continued to explore my mouth with his lips and his tongue.

He walked behind me and ran his hands over my ass. I heard a jar open and he pushed me slightly forward as he reached inside my crack with a modest amount of lubrication. He ran his fingers up and down my crack, probing my hole each time he found it. Then he inserted a finger gently. I gasped. He probed me and ran his finger in a circular motion as I leaned over more and spread my legs further to give him better access. He inserted a second finger and then a third, continuing to finger fuck me and work them in a circular motion, loosening me for his and my enjoyment.

He removed his fingers but remained behind me. I stood upright with my cock fully erect and throbbing. I grabbed it and gently stroked myself. I felt him grab the blindfold and slowly begin to untie it. My heart was beating out of my chest as I continued to slowly stroke my cock.

The blindfold fell from my face. I looked ahead and was almost floored in shock. I was standing in the middle of an arc of four chairs, with three men sitting naked in front of me, their cocks at full attention. It hit me that they had all just witnessed me being violated by my friend. I was stunned. Feelings of embarrassment, humiliation and anger washed over me. My heart was pounding out of my chest. My instinct was to storm out of the room; but I realized my cock was throbbing and was so hard it ached. So I looked up at the men, reached for my own cock and slowly stroked myself. Within thirty seconds, I edged and had to stop for fear I would explode.

The room remained silent. I didn't know what to do, so I just stood there and stared at each of their cocks. They were of varying sizes, all of them nicely shaped. One guy was shaved. Two were trimmed tightly. For some reason, I found it hard to look into their eyes.

My friend walked in front of me and kissed me again with almost animal aggression. It was like he wanted to swallow my mouth. He pulled my tongue into his mouth and stuck his tongue into mine, exploring everywhere. He then grabbed my shoulders and pushed me downward until I was on my knees in front of him. He grabbed his cock and slapped it against my face several times, humiliating me. He pressed it against my lips and I opened my mouth, allowing him to enter. He grabbed the back of my head and began gently fucking my mouth, going as deeply as I would allow and pulling nearly all the way out with each stroke. I grabbed his ass and pulled him toward me, forcing his cock to the back of my throat. I held it there momentarily and then allowed him to continue to fuck my mouth, picking up the pace as he went. Out of the corner of my eyes, I could see men sitting in chairs stroking themselves while watching the show.

He pulled out of my mouth and motioned for me to stand up. He sat in the empty chair and instructed me to walk to each man and allow them to explore me. I felt like I didn't have a choice. I had to do as told. So as instructed, I walked to the first man and stood in front of him between his knees. He was dark haired, fit and fairly handsome. He grabbed my balls and gently massaged them. He grabbed my cock and stroked it. He ran his hands over my chest, pinching my nipples gently. He told me to turn around and ran his fingers over my ass. I felt a finger run up and down my crack and stop at the opening of my hole. Without being told, I spread my legs and leaned forward a bit as he inserted a finger and probed me. With is other hand, he reached between my legs and massaged my cock and balls. I closed my eyes and was moaning when I heard my friend say, "Next."

I walked to the next man, who was dark haired and more handsome and fit than the first. He put his legs together and grabbed my hips, pulling me down to sit on his lap. Our cocks were touching. He grabbed both shafts and stroked. His cock was larger and thicker than mine, with a nicely shaped head. He leaned forward and pressed his lips against mine, kissing me slowly and passionately. He reached around and grabbed my ass cheeks, squeezing both. He reached into my crack and probed my hole with his middle finger while continuing to kiss me. My cock was still hard as a rock, pressing against his. I was enjoying his probing finger when I heard, "Next!" I kissed him one more time before standing and walking to the next man.

He was blonde with gray peppered in. Tanned with a modest amount of hair on his firm chest. Handsome in his own way. He looked me up and down and grabbed my cock. He leaned forward and licked the tip. He used his hands to nudge my legs apart. He reached between my legs and inserted a finger into my hole as he continued to stroke my cock. Then, while finger fucking me, he leaned forward and took me into his mouth. I moaned as he ran his tongue over my head and worked me in and out of his warm mouth. I closed my eyes and was suddenly aware of the three other men watching us. I felt a tremor start in my legs and I knew I was about to cum. I opened my eyes and pulled out of his mouth. He knew what had just happened and just smiled at me. I heard, "Next" and he pulled his finger slowly from my hole.

I walked over to my friend sitting in his chair. He pushed me down to my knees in front of him and said, "Suck my cock." I eagerly grabbed his cock and devoured it. I was nearly ravenous as I stroked him with my hand and took him into my mouth, using my tongue to stimulate him further with each stroke. I wanted to see him cum more than I wanted to cum myself (and I wanted to cum very, very badly). But before I could finish, he said "Next" and pointed to the dark haired man to his left. With a hurt look, I licked his shaft one more time as I looked into his eyes. I stood up, leaned forward and kissed him before walking to the next man.

He spread his legs and moved to the edge of his chair. I kneeled between his legs and leaned forward. He grabbed his medium sized cock and slapped it against my face playfully. I encouraged him with a playful smile. He leaned his cock toward me as I opened my mouth and took the head between my lips. I ran my tongue in circles around the head, tickling the strip of skin on the underside. I then engulfed him and began working his shaft with my mouth and hand. He grabbed the back of my head and forced me deeper with each stroke, hitting the back of my throat each time. He moaned as I worked him. When I thought I felt a familiar throbbing at the base of his cock, I heard, "Next!" I stopped as instructed. He looked at me with a disappointed look and I leaned forward to kiss him, saying "Sorry."

I went to each of the other two men, enjoying each of their cocks and the different size and thickness. One I could take full length in my mouth; the other I could not. Each felt different. Each tasted different. Each was unique in its own way. The blonde was aggressive, grabbing the back of my head and thrusting to the back of my throat as the thrust they hips forward. The other sat back and just enjoyed having me worship and pleasure his beautiful cock. Each of them clearly wanted to cum in my mouth. But each successive "Next" appeared designed to make sure that didn't happen.

After the third "Next," I walked to my friend. He stood up, grabbed my hand and pulled me to the center of the room. He told me to get on my hands and knees and I did as told. He dropped to his knees and moved between my legs. He applied more lubrication to my hole with his fingers and I could feel the head of his cock pressing against my hole. He probed me with just the head for a bit. I then felt the familiar stretch as he pushed harder and forced his head past my opening, plopping inside of me. He stopped and allowed me to feel the pleasure of his throbbing head inside me. I started rocking forward and backward ever so slightly, working his shaft in and out of me, taking his length deeper with each stroke.

He grabbed my hips and probed deeper until his balls slapped against mine. I looked up and into the eyes of the three men in front of me, all enjoying the show while stroking themselves. My friend started fucking me harder. I leaned forward onto my elbows and spread my knees as far as I could. He raised up on his feet, grabbed my hips and began pile driving me, slapping his balls against mine with each plunge. I could feel and hear his skin slap against my ass each time his buried his cock.

I looked up and saw the three other men get up and gather around us. The all got on their knees and started running their hands over me, reaching underneath to squeeze my nipples, running their hands over my back and ass. I got back up on my hands and my friend got back on his knees, continuing to fuck me. One of the men grabbed my ass cheeks and spread them apart further so that they could all get a better close up view of the cock going in and out of me. One came around beside me, leaned forward and made out with me as I was being fucked and violated by the other three. 

I started rocking forward and backward again, meeting my friend each time he buried his cock. There was a loud slapping sound each time he slammed against me. Finally, he yelled out, "Fuck, here it comes...." He pulled out, stood up and began wildly stroking his cock. Within seconds, he shot a load of cum all over my ass and back, groaning loudly as he finished.

The other three men stood up and encircled me, all stroking themselves wildly. Wanting to watch, I rolled onto my back and started stroking myself while looking up at three beautiful sets of balls and three cocks being worked. Everyone was in a frenzy. They watched each other and me at the same time. Two guys grabbed each other's cocks and stroked each other.

I felt the tremor start in my balls and run up the shaft of my cock. I arched my hips into the air and exploded, yelling out, "Fuck!!!" I erupted and shot a stream of cum onto my stomach. Just then, I heard another "Fuck" and looked up to see a big cock explode and shoot a stream onto my chest. Then, one by one, they all exploded. Yells and groans melded together as three cocks erupted and made a mess of me.

When they were all spent, I looked at my friend and said, "I think I need a shower." I stood and walked up the stairs.