 My name is Shaun Jacobs and this is the story of my first sexual experience and my first time falling in love. 

I am twenty one years old, 6' 2", slim build, short dark brown hair and green eyes. I have light skin and bit of a stubbly beard. 

I have never had a serious relationship before and I am still a virgin, which is embarrassing at this age I know. Throughout my teenage years I guess I was mainly attracted to girls at school but was too shy to ever really do anything about it. When I was alone I would experiment with different porn and at about age seventeen found myself starting to like gay porn. I think because I was such a shy person on the outside but was craving to try all new things on the inside that I became somewhat obsessed with porn, wishing that it could be me doing these hot, sexy things. It was like I just wanted to know more and more. 

I never thought of myself as ugly but I guess I never had the self-confidence either. I would consider myself to be a little nerdy and awkward. I had goods friends in high school but after it was over everyone seemed to drift away and I became a loner. I spend most of my weekends playing video games with my little brother Jason. I have a good relationship with my family and still live at home with mom, dad and Jason. After high school I started to work as an apprentice painter. After three years I got my qualification and started working for a new company and started saving for my own place. 

Everyone has always assumed I was straight and never asked otherwise and I have never really brought up the subject to anyone before. Although mom would make the occasional comment about how she'd love me to bring home a girl for them to meet someday. Which I would just brush off. 

Our family isn't very open about talking about sex and relationships and I think my parents just wanted to give me my privacy about that topic and they didn't pry, (not that there was anything to pry into anyway). Over the past four years I slowly stopped being attracted to girls and now I only notice guys. I guess I know inside that I am gay but I can't admit it until I get up the courage to actually try it out for real. I feel that if one day I was to bring a guy home my family would be accepting of that. But I still am not ready to say anything yet. 

Today was the first day of work starting with this new company and I was looking forward to it, hoping to possibly make some work friends. The job was painting houses which I enjoyed doing. This was quite a large company and I arrived at their head office at 7am. I met my new boss and found out that I would be working with just one other person who I would be partnered with from now on and it would be just the two of us working on each house alone together. 

I thought to myself I hope I get along with this other person otherwise this job will suck if I have to spend so much time alone with someone who I don't like. My boss told me that Matthew was running a few minutes late and would be here soon. Then he walked in, oh my god I have never seen such a beautiful human being before. He was tall (about 6' 4") and I could tell he worked out. He had lovely tan skin, short brown hair and blue eyes. Those eyes were mesmerizing, he was absolutely gorgeous. 

All I could do was force an awkward smile and shyly say, "Hi". 

He walked straight up to me and held out his hand for me to shake and said, "Hi you must be Shaun, I'm Matthew". 

I thought to myself oh no I bet my palms are sweaty, but I stuck out my hand and firmly shook his and said, "Nice to meet you". 

Wow his hand felt so strong I thought to myself. 

"You to," he replied. 

"Well we better get on the road to the first house then," said Matthew. 

We walked out to the work truck and got in (Matthew was driving) and started to drive the thirty minute journey to my first house of this new job. Straight away he started to make conversation and asked me how old I was and I found out he was twenty three and had worked with this company for two years. 

There is something about this guy, my god I just wanted to stare at him! But knew I would look ridiculous if I did, so I tried to focus on the road. He had such a deep manly voice that I thought I could listen to forever. Could I have my first 'real' crush on this guy after knowing him for just ten minutes? Okay time for me to try and make some conversation, I thought. 

"What area do you live in?" I finally said. 

"Pine Hills, you?" He replied. 

"Oh I live five minutes from there in Blue Haven". 

"We will have to hang out and grab a beer sometime," Matthew said. 

"Yeah, sounds good," I replied. 

We spent the day working hard and exchanging small talk and throughout the day I slowly built up the confidence to talk more and more. I found out that he had his own apartment and was single at the moment. He mentioned briefly that it had only been a few months since he got out of a two and a half year relationship and was happy it was over because his ex-girlfriend was a bit of a psycho. Oh no he said 'girlfriend', I guess it would have been too good to be true if he was gay I thought and I couldn't help but feel sad about that. I also found out he was really into video games like me and we played pretty much the same ones. 

A few weeks went by and we had gotten to know each other quite well, and we worked really well together too. My desire for him became stronger and stronger every day we worked together. And every night when I masturbated I didn't put porn on anymore, I only thought of him. 

The subject of my sexuality had never come up between us, I did tell him one day that I had a few girlfriends in high school but nothing serious (which was a lie). I couldn't let him know I was a virgin who had never been in a relationship, I was so ashamed of that. My favorite part of our days at work was lunch, when we would usually just sit in the work truck together and eat and talk. 

I loved being so close to him when we were in the car. I often thought about how amazing it would feel to have his strong arms wrapped around me. I was really cautious about how I acted around him, I really didn't want him to know how badly I wanted him. So I held in every compliment I wanted to give him and tried even harder not to stare. But on occasion when he bent down to pick something up off the ground I couldn't help myself. He had the most perfect arse which looked so hot in his work pants. Oh I want him, I want him more than I have ever wanted something in my entire life! 

It was Friday today and work was almost over for the weekend, we had now been working together for 3 weeks. We finished the job around 3pm, packed up for the day and got in the car to drive back to the office. 

As we were driving back Matthew asked, "Do you have any plans over the weekend?" 

"No not really, I was just going to have a gaming marathon," I replied. 

"How about you come round my place and bring your computer and we could battle and have a few beers and get junk food?" He asked. 

I was stunned for a second, my heart felt like it was going to burst out of my chest, and I just wanted to scream yes, yes, yes! But I kept my cool and casually said, "Yeah that sounds awesome". 

We got back to the office and he wrote down his address for me. I got in my car and headed home. We planned for me to go round to his place about 6pm that night. Once I was in my car driving home I couldn't help but smile the whole time, I was so excited to spend time with Matthew outside of work, and at his house no less. 

Nothing could make me happier right now. And then I thought to myself was I sleeping over? These gaming marathons go on for hours, even all night so I guess I would be there for a while. I couldn't help but picture him asking me to sleep in his bed with him, okay calm down Shaun, jeez that's never going to happen you idiot. 

I arrived home at about 4pm and hopped straight in the shower, the thoughts of being alone at Matthew's house with him were too much to handle. As I started to soap up my body and run my hands over my dick I was picturing Matthew in the shower with me. I became rock hard quickly, and started to wank myself off. 

It was so steamy in the shower and all I was thinking about was Matthews body, his arse, oh his arse, how it would feel squeezed in my hands. I thought about his lips, how full they were, I wanted them pressed against mine. I wanted him to stroke my dick. The thoughts excited me too much and I was so close to cumming, fuck yeah, make me cum Mathew I thought and I shot my load all over the shower wall. 

After my shower I went into my bedroom to figure out what I was going to wear, after going back and forth a few times I decided on black Calvin Klein boxer briefs, jeans, an Adidas t-shirt and Nike shoes. I brushed my teeth and put on cologne. I packed my car with my computer stuff and a bottle of Jack Daniels which I had gotten for my birthday and hadn't had the opportunity to drink yet. 

I still had an hour before I had to leave so I sat on the lounge watching TV hoping time would pass quickly. Mom and Dad arrived home before I was about to leave and seemed shocked to notice I was actually going out somewhere for a change. I told them not to get too excited for me as I was just going to play video games at a work mates place. I told them I probably would be gone all weekend as we were having a huge gaming marathon (I hoped I would be there the whole weekend). Then I thought should I pack extra clothes or would that look too eager. I decided to throw another t-shirt and a pair of underwear in my back pack with my keyboard, mouse, computer cords and the bottle of Jack Daniels. 

It was 5:55pm and I got in the car to drive the five minutes to his place, wait will it look weird if I get there exactly on 6pm? I thought. I decided to do an extra few laps around the area before getting to his apartment building at 6:03pm. I got out of the car and threw on my back pack and carried my computer monitor and modem up the stairs to his apartment door. I had to put my monitor on the ground so I had a free hand to knock. I had butterflies, I knocked and he quickly opened the door. 

Wow he looked so hot, I had never seen him out of work clothes before, even though he only had comfy sweat pants, a Quicksilver t-shirt and socks on. I could tell he had just gotten out of the shower as his hair was still wet and I could smell his cologne. 

"Hey, want me to help you with that?" He said pointing to my monitor on the ground. 

"Hey, yeah thanks," I replied. 

His apartment was nice, it looked clean and organized. I am neat freak so this made me happy. In the lounge room/study area he had a huge desk which he had cleared off space for me to put my computer and put a chair in front for me. Yes! We are going to be sitting side by side the entire time, I thought to myself which intensified my stomach butterflies. 

He told me to set up my computer and then showed me around his place. It was just a one bedroom apartment and he showed me his bedroom quickly. He had a huge bed which looked really comfy. For a brief second I thought, where will I sleep if I stay over? 

I remembered the Jacks I brought over and said, "Look I brought this," pulling it out of my backpack. 

"Awesome, I've got coke," said Matthew. 

We had a few drinks and gamed for about three hours, time goes so quick while playing. Although it was hard for me to concentrate because my heart was racing just being so close to him. We laughed together and we were really having fun. 

Matthew paused the game and turned to me and said, "Are you hungry? Want to order a pizza?" 

"Yeah, I'm starving," I replied. 

Once the pizza arrived we had a break from the computer and sat on the lounge to watch some TV while we ate. 

All of a sudden I could hear claps of thunder outside and also heard it start to rain. 

"I love storms," I told Matthew. 

"Yeah me too, they make you feel so cozy," he replied. 

Aww that was such cute thing for him to say I thought to myself. As we were starting to almost finish the pizza the storm got closer and flashes of lightning lit up the windows. The thunder was so loud now and we were starting to get a bit drunk, were laughing so much. Then all of a sudden with a huge clap of thunder the power went out. 

It was almost completely pitch black. 

"Fuck, what are going to do now?" Said Matthew. 

"Do you have any candles or anything?" I asked. 

"Yeah somewhere, you wait here and I'll go try and find them". 

Matthew stumbled up from the lounge and went to get the candles, I could hear him rummaging through stuff and it sounded like he was making quite a mess in the dark. 

"Use the light on your phone," I shouted to him. 

"Oh I didn't think of that," he said laughing. 

Me and Matthew alone in the dark together with a few candles, this is going to be so hot, I was thinking to myself and I felt my dick start to harden slightly, I tried to think of something else to get my mind off it. He came back with about six small candles that he lit and placed around the lounge room and then sat back on the couch. 

"We will just have to get drunk to entertain ourselves," I said. 

"Yeah I'll go pour us more drinks," he laughed. 

He came back and handed me a drink and sat down on the lounge with me. 

I took a sip and it tasted so strong. 

"Did you pour me a double shot?" I asked. 

"Yep, you said we have to get drunk," he said and we laughed. 

We just sat together drinking and talking which was really nice. 

"Did you bring any other pants? Those jeans look uncomfortable," Matthew asked. 

"Nah I didn't," I replied. 

"I'll go get you a pair of sweat pants, or would you prefer shorts?" He asked. 

"Sweat pants will be fine, thanks". 

He went to his room to get them for me. I'm going to be wearing his pants! I was so happy. He came back and handed me the pair of sweats. 

I said, "Thanks," and went to the bathroom to change. 

I wonder if it would have been okay to change in the lounge room, I was thinking as I changed into his cozy soft pants. I stood there for a second thinking about how I was actually wearing his pants and I felt my dick start to stiffen again. Oh no go away, I tried to take my mind off it. I was probably in there way too long. 

After about five minutes I went back to the lounge room where Matthew was sitting and looking on his phone. I was starting to feel quite drunk now. At least he wouldn't expect me to drive home after drinking which means I am definitely sleeping here. The storm was still going crazy outside. 

I sat back down next to Matthew and he said, "I was just looking on the web and it says the power will be off for at least five more hours in this area". 

"Oh my god that's ages!" I said. 

"I'm going to Google what to do in a black out or games to play or something," Matthew told me. 

"Okay good idea," I said. 

As he was looking on his phone Matthew said, "I found a truth or dare App that asks the questions for us that we could play". 

My heart started to race, did he just say that?! 

"Sure," I said like it wasn't a big deal. 

He handed me his phone and said, "You go first". 

I took the phone and it had two options of truth or dare. 

I asked him, "Truth or dare?" 

"Truth," he answered. 

I clicked truth and then I had to shake the phone for three seconds before it landed on a question I had to ask him. 

The question read how old were you when you lost your virginity? I was so turned on just by this question that I felt my dick start to harden again. 

I casually read the question out to him and he replied, "Sixteen". 

"Is this an adult version or something?" I asked him 

"Yeah I think it's mostly a bunch of sex questions actually," Matthew replied. 

I felt like my fantasies were becoming a reality. I would have never thought I would be playing truth or dare with him in the dark like this. This is already the best night of my life. Then I realized what if he asked me when I lost my virginity. What would I say? I would have to tell him the embarrassing truth that I am a virgin. 

"I know it's a lame game that thirteen year olds play but what else would we do," Matthew said laughing. 

"Yeah I don't mind," I said smiling as I handed him back the phone. 

"Truth or dare?" He asked me. 

I said, "I'll pick truth as well," and he shook the phone. 

"Have you ever been attracted to someone of the same sex," Matthew asked me. 

Oh god what am I going to say, this is crazy! Even in the dark he probably noticed how bright red I went. 

"Umm yes," I said in shaky soft voice. 

"Who?!" He asked as if he was really interested to know. 

"Hay, that wasn't part of the question," I said laughing. 

"I want more details though," he said as he handed me back the phone. 

"Well you will have to wait to see if it comes up in another question," I said in a smart arse tone. 

So I asked him once again, "Truth or dare?" 

"I'll pick dare this time". 

I clicked dare and shook the phone. Oh my god I love this game I thought to myself as I seen what the dare was that it landed on. It read kiss the neck of the person closest to you. 

I laughed and said, "Umm it says kiss the neck of the person closest to you". 

"Okay I'll do it, if it's okay with you?" 

"Umm okay," I said in the most nervous voice I could possibly come out with. 

My dick began to harden even more so I quickly grabbed a pillow off the lounge to pretend to hug it to hide my boner. 

Matthew slowly moved closer, he tilted his head and moved it close to my neck. I could feel his warm breath on me and he lightly pressed his lips on the side of my neck. It felt like nothing I had felt before. My entire body tingled and my dick was definitely hard now. It was just a peck but it felt like he lingered for a second and then sat back in his spot. I couldn't say anything, I was too stunned. 

I just handed him the phone and he smiled and just said, "Truth or dare?" 

"I'll go dare this time," I replied. 

We were both still drinking and I think I would have been even more of a nervous wreck if it wasn't for the alcohol. 

Matthew started laughing a little and said, "It says lick the stomach of the person closest to you for five seconds". 

My eyes widened and I just sat there for a second. I've never even seen him with his shirt off and now I am going to lick his abs, oh my god this is too much. My dick is rock hard now and throbbing. 

"Alright," I said in such a soft voice, I could barely get the word out. 

And then he giggled a bit and lifted up his shirt. I was right, he definitely worked out. He had great abs that I could tell he was tensing. 

I moved closer to him and slowly moved my head down to be level with his stomach. I couldn't help but stare at his bulge. If I didn't know any better it looked like he had a semi hard on, I could just make it out through his pants. I bet he's got a huge dick, does he have a hard on for me, no he couldn't, I was thinking to myself and I slowly started to stick out my tongue, I gently started at his belly button and softly licked up towards his nipples. His skin felt so nice against my tongue and he tasted amazing, I don't know what like though but I loved it. Five seconds was up too quick and I thought I better stop. As I pulled my head away I stared at his dick again and I could definitely tell it was hard this time. I looked away quick hoping he didn't notice me staring. 
