 The Coffee Shop IV: Sex, Lies & Duct Tape. 

Disclaimer. The following story, is a work of fiction. The characters portrayed within are a work of fiction as well, and any resemblance to any person, living or dead is a coincidence and unintentional. 

Copyright 2001. This story is the property of the author, Canadian Cowboy (formerly known as Animal360). Any duplication, in whole or in part, is forbidden without the express written consent of the author, Canadian Cowboy.

Author's Note. Since each succeeding story in this series builds upon the events that occurred in the previous stories in this series, I strongly urge you to read the other stories that comprise this series. These stories, in the proper sequence, are: 

The Coffee Shop,
The Coffee Shop II: Cowboys and Tuxedos,
The Coffee Shop III: The Good, The Bad, And The Hypnotized . 



Chapter 1. Comes the Dawn.

Sunday mornings I usually like to sleep in, but not this morning. I was awaken before my alarm clock went off, by the soft warm breath from someone breathing on my face. I kept my eyes closed and explored the room with my other senses. It was quiet and dark. (With my eyes closed that was a forgone conclusion.) I was warm and snug under the covers, while the room was chilled from the coolness of the morning. Winter was still hanging on with a stubborn determination. A big warm arm was draped up and across my chest as I lay on my back. Someone was snuggled up close beside me with his head nestled on my right shoulder. It was a heavy, warm and pleasant feeling. I took a few deep breaths and caught the wonderful masculine aroma of a body that needs a morning shower. It was not a stink or an offensive body odour, but the simple natural smell of a male body when all the scents and perfumes from the deodorant and body washes have worn off. Nature's perfume would be the best way to describe it, I suppose. If you've ever caught that aroma, you know what I'm talking about. If you haven't, well I feel sorry for you. 

I listened carefully and could make out the slow rhythmic sound of someone next to me breathing. I did not need to open my eyes to know it was Andy who lay curled up beside me. Andy, the man my heart had longed for all these many years. It was hard to believe that we had been seeing each other for nearly four months now. It seemed like a much shorter time, which was understandable since we could not arrange to meet very often. Both of us being 'in the closet' and his being a cop (an RCMP constable no less), made it difficult to arrange for time together. But the time we managed to spend together was more than worth it. I let the minutes drift by as I lay there next to Andy, savouring every second we spent together. 

After a few minutes, I cracked open my eyes, and carefully turned my head to the left searching for the clock radio. I blinked my eyes several times as I tried to bring the glowing numbers into focus. Finally, after what seemed like a tremendous effort, I managed to read the time, 6:17 AM. The alarm was set to go off at 7:30 AM, so I was just a tad early. I lay there with my eyes open, staring at the ceiling, or what I could make out of the ceiling, since the room was pitch black. Like phantoms from beyond the grave, old and troubling thoughts started to creep into my mind, and to roll around in my head. There was no question in my mind that I cared for Andy deeply. Hell, I loved him pure and simple. Just seeing him smile at me was enough to brighten my day, and make all the troubles in my life seem small and insignificant by comparison. (Boy, was I EVER in love! I had it bad, believe you me!) Still, I could not help but be troubled by doubts. 

Did Andy care for me as much as I did for him? What type of a future did we have together? Where was this relationship going? Although we were very physical in our touching, cuddling, snuggling and kissing, the physical contact had never gone beyond that stage. I wasn't really concerned about that. I had never broached the subject with Andy, and he'd never raised the subject with me. I was lying to myself, I suddenly realized. If I didn't have concerns, I would not be lying here thinking about it in the first place. The problem was, that I wasn't sure what to do about it. I was more than just a little bit scared that if I did raise the subject with Andy, he'd think I was pushing too hard. To be honest, I was afraid that I might push him away from me. Yet, at the same time, I knew that we couldn't leave the situation as it was. What I wanted, was some kind of a sign that Andy was truly committed to me, and that he saw a future in our relationship. I knew that I wanted the relationship to continue, but I also wanted it to grow and mature. A flower can't remain a bud forever, after all. (Would someone PLEASE tell me WHY it is that such thoughts always pop into your mind either late at night when you are trying to fall asleep, or early in the morning when you just get up?) 

I thought about Andy some more. (Thinking about Andy was a great way to pass the time, by the way. Picturing him in and out of uniform was something that I was sure I would never grow tired of doing.) I absently noted that the sun had finally risen, and the morning light was filling the bedroom. I looked down at the sleeping form of Andy lying next to me. He was nothing but a collection of lumps and curves under the bedcovers, with a handsome head poking out. A handsome head that was still lying on the right side of my chest. I thought about the many nights we had slept together in bed, holding onto each other, lost in each others eyes. (Okay, so that was a corny and sappy way to describe it. It also happened to be true.) I had never seen such openness, trust, and caring in another man's eyes before. I listened to Andy when he talked about his troubles, problems, and worries. I did my best to hold and comfort him. He did likewise. I have never had someone listen to me so intently, and seriously. He never offered advice, unless I asked for it. (That's something which I was still learning to doknowing when to keep my big mouth shut.) When I'd had a really bad day, he did his best to show me that no matter what, he was always there for me. I didn't want to lose that. On the other hand though, I could not just let things stay the way they were. What was I to do? 

"If you keep that up, you'll put worry lines on your face," said an all too familiar warm sexy tenor voice. "What's wrong, love?" Andy asked as he moved his head about.

I slowly turned my head to the right, and discovered that Andy had craned his head up to look at me. My gaze fell upon those soft doe brown eyes of Andy's that I'd come to know and love so well. My heart skipped a beat. Even first thing in the morning he was gorgeously handsome. I swallowed the lump in my throat, as I gazed upon the face of the man that I'd come to love much more than I'd ever thought possible, over the past four months. 

"I've been thinking, is all," I answered. I smiled a half smile at Andy. 

"About what?" Andy asked.

"Oh, nothing, really," I hedged. I didn't want to bring up the subject of our relationship and it's future, before both of us were fully awake. 

Andy looked at me quizzically, as if he knew I was avoiding something. Fortunately the clock alarm chose that time to go off, forestalling whatever his next question might have been.

"Much as I would enjoy spending the morning in bed with you, love," Andy said as he gave me a quick peck on the cheek, "I do have to get ready for work. I have that eight hour shift to cover for Stan, you know."

"Yes, I know. I remember you telling me all about it," I sighed, and then kissed him back. Andy's kisses and the opportunities to kiss him were not to be wasted. 

"Hey, don't sound so disappointed," Andy smiled at me. "We are going out to dinner tonight at seven, remember? You did make the reservations, right?"

"Yes, I did," I assured him. "You need a shave, by the way," I teased him. Andy chuckled softly. I gave him a warm smile as he climbed out of the bed and headed off to the bathroom to shower. I sighed with pleasure as I drank in the sight of his sexy body clad only in boxer briefs, walking away from me. At least we'd be able to share breakfast together. I'd enjoy that. I wasn't upset or annoyed about Andy having to work part of Sunday. Heck, I was used to his unusual work shifts. It comes with being a cop. Usually it gave me some time to spend by myself. Of course one of the many ways I'd fill the time was by using my powers on some good looking guy, for a bit of harmless fun. Andy was most understanding about this. He knew that I enjoyed hypnotizing guys. He told me a month into our relationship, that he did not expect me to stop hypnotizing guys, then or at any time in the future. All he asked was that I promise I would never get involved with any of them. Is it any wonder why I loved Andy like I did? 

Andy was amazingly perceptive in the promise that he extracted from me. He knew that I enjoyed having a hypnotized man undress for me, and even get sexually aroused to the point of ejaculation. What he made me promise is that I would never touch another hypnotized man (or a non-hypnotized man for that matter) below the waist, if that man was nude or was not wearing underwear. I could look but not touch, as the old expression goes. I made the promise to Andy, after I thought about it for half an hour. I suppose it might seem a bit one sided to you, since Andy did not promise anything in return, other than that he would not date any other man. What you cannot know, is that with the exchange of these promises, the level of trust in our relationship grew to the point where Andy was able to achieve much deeper levels of hypnosis during his sessions with me. You see, Andy is one of those very rare persons who is immune to my super hypnosis powers. If fact he is the first person whom I have ever encountered, where I was not able to influence his mind in any manner using my super hypnotic abilities. With any other person, I can hypnotize them with only a few seconds of eye contact, and the depth of control I have is nearly total. With Andy, though, it is different. I can use only ordinary hypnosis with him. As you know with ordinary hypnosis it is the subject, not the hypnotist, who is really in control. Not only have I enjoyed the hypnosis sessions with Andy more, now that he is able to go much deeper, but the benefits to Andy have been substantial as well. He is much more able to deal with the daily stresses of his job as an RCMP constable. We both benefited from that. 

In the three months since I made that promise to Andy, I've kept it. I have done a few hypnosis (actually super hypnosis) sessions with some good looking guys. While it is true that some of them have stripped down to their shorts for me, I've never laid a hand on them. (Well, not while they were nude, anyway. I've caressed them with their clothes on, and off, but never have I fondled their naked backsides or cocks). These were nothing but the standard, "help a guy out with a few problems" sessions, and so were nothing to write about. Some of these guys definitely had 'killer buns' in tight jeans, but they just didn't come close to my Andy. With Andy I had all the physical attractiveness that these guys could offer, and something far more important. Love. Andy loved me with every fibre of his being.. I had no doubts at all about that. My mind drifted back to a very special event that had proven to me how Andy felt about me.

It was a Saturday night and I was getting ready to head out to a movie with Andy. The phone rang a few minutes before Andy was due to arrive. It was Andy on the line and he had bad news. He had to cancel a date with me because he had just been called in to work. He was upset about it. Not heartbroken, just upset. When we got together a few days later, Andy asked me to forgive him. He did not get down on his knees and beg me to forgive him. He appeared at my doorstep in his full dress RCMP uniform with a bouquet of flowers in hand. (Actually the flowers were in a box, which he carried with him. It would have looked a bit strange to have an RCMP constable taking flowers to my apartment, or any man's apartment for that matter.) I invited him inside, and closed the door behind him. Andy stood there, and handed me the box. With a small smile on his lips, Andy told me how sorry he was that he had had to cancel our date, and asked me to forgive him. He didn't say another word, as I opened the box to see a dozen long stemmed red roses nestled in soft white tissue paper. Andy merely came to attention, staring straight ahead, while he waited for my reply. I remember looking at him standing there and being slightly in awe at just how good looking he was. He knew how much I enjoyed the sight of him in uniform. He was trying to soften me up. It wasn't necessary; the roses had already done that. His face remained stony, when I took his hands in mine and asked him to look me straight in the eye. His head turned slowly, and in the back of his wonderfully warm brown eyes I could see a shadow of doubt and concern. I told him it was all right. I said that I understood why he had done what he had done. His duty came first above all else, even me. I wasn't happy about it, I admitted to him, but I understood. It was a part of who and what he was. There was nothing to forgive him for, because I loved him. At that Andy's face melted into an expression of joy and warmth as he enfolded me in his arms in a firm yet gentle bear hug. He thanked me for understanding and gently pressed his lips to mine in a warm gentle and firm kiss to match the hug he was giving me. We stood there embraced in each others arms for a while, just enjoying the pleasure of each other's physical touch. I'd like to say that we eventually waltzed off to the bedroom, and I got him out of his uniform in record time, but that's not what happened.

Andy lead me to the sofa and insisted that we sit and talk about this, about his job having to come first. Andy in his wisdom, forced me to admit to myself that my not being happy with this event, was something that had to be dealt with. Once in a while was okay, but he made me promise him that if ever I felt like Andy was taking advantage of me, or ignoring me, I would let him know. I realized then that Andy was a very special man. It finally dawned on me just how lucky I was to have found him. We spent the evening in front of the fireplace, enjoying the flames of the fire burning there, and talking. Andy spent the night, even though he had to be up early the next morning. And yes, I did eventually get him OUT of that uniform, and in between the sheets of the bed with me. (But you would not care to know the details, I'm sure. And if you did want to know the details, too damn bad. That was a treasured and deeply personal moment between the two of us, which I do not wish to share with you, gentle reader, now or anytime in the future.) 

I finally wrenched my mind from this trip down memory lane, forced myself to crawl out of bed, and slipped into a bathrobe as I headed off to the kitchen to prepare breakfast for the two of us. I focussed on the task of making scrambled eggs, bacon and hash browns for Andy, while I made due with a bagel and coffee. I'm not a big breakfast person, and since I'm not as physically active as Andy, I don't eat as much. (No, that is NOT what I was referring to. You DO have dirty one track mind don't you, dear reader? Listen slut puppy, I was referring to Andy's job compared to mine. He was an RCMP constable which was a very physically demanding job. I worked in a office. I sat on my butt all day. So which of us needed the bigger breakfast, I ask you?) 

Right on schedule Andy appeared at the breakfast table sharply dressed in his working RCMP uniform. The black (or is it navy blue?) pants with a gold stripe down the outside leg seams were sharply pressed, as was the light grayish blue (I never could decide what the exact colour was) long sleeved shirt that encased his massively muscular torso. He was not wearing a tie, which might have seemed strange, but it wasn't if you thought about it for a minute or two. When a constable is on duty the last thing you want a constable to wear is something that an aggressive suspect can grab and use to choke the constable. Encircling Andy's narrow waist was his plain black leather gun belt fully equipped with all the paraphernalia of the policeman. His face was fresh scrubbed, and shaven, as was to be expected. The short black closely cropped hair on his head was neatly combed, and still slightly damp. He was square jawed, with a hard Roman nose, and firm full even lips that were pressed lightly together. His rugged good looks were enhanced with eyes that were dark and mysterious, an earthly and warm brown, perfectly placed in his face, a face that was powerful and intimidating. This morning, though, that face of his was softened with a warm and generous smile, and those brown eyes of his glowed with something special. Something meant just for me. I couldn't help but feel my heart quicken as I looked at him sitting there digging into his breakfast. I guess this is what love did. It made the ordinary everyday events seem special. I smiled back at him, over my cup of steaming coffee, and I know that my face reflected the same wonderful feelings for him, that he showed for me. 

We made small talk, while we both finished our breakfasts. I waited by the front door while Andy went to brush his teeth. When he returned and walked by me as he headed for the front door, I reached out and grabbed his left hand with my right hand. I tugged firmly at his arm. Andy turned around and walked towards me. Words were not necessary. I let go of his hand and held out my arms, open and inviting, Andy waltzed (even when the man walked he moved with a rhythm and style all his own) into my outstretched arms. I tilted my head slightly upward, while he tilted his head slightly down, as our heads neared each other. The sweet silky touch of his lips caressed mine, as my arms wrapped themselves firmly around as much of that manly torso as I could grasp. With the strength of a grizzly bear, and the gentleness of a rose petal, Andy wrapped those two massive tree trunks which he called arms around me, and pulled me firmly towards him. It was only a good bye kiss and hug, I suppose, but there was a world of unspoken passion, tenderness and caring in the short time that we stood there holding each other. He felt so nice, and smelled so good, that I was loath to let him go, even though I knew that I had to. Finally we broke away from our embrace. I smiled at him as he opened the door. He grinned back at me with what can only be called a 'killer smile', as he walked through the doorway.

"You need a shave too, love," he called out to me as he winked at me. He closed the door behind him as he left my apartment. 

For the first time, the slamming of my apartment door was a hollow sound that seemed to reverberate in my mind. In the silence that followed, those early morning doubts rushed back into my mind. It was a struggle to chase them away, and get on with my day. Only the thought that Andy and I would be going out to dinner tonight, finally succeeded in banishing those ghosts back to the catacombs of my mind. Andy would not be back until about six thirty this evening. He intended to head home to shower and change before we went out to dinner. 

Fortunately, or unfortunately depending on your viewpoint, the day passed quickly for me. I had a mountain of household chores to do today. Everything from the dishes to the laundry, not to mention paying a few bills. So between all that, and rewarding myself with watching a movie on the VCR, five o'clock pounced on me before I knew it. Many times, though, my thoughts would travel back to the two envelopes that were lying inside the drawer of the front hall table. I still had not made up my mind as to whether or not I would give these envelopes to Andy tonight. Several times, in between one chore and the next, I would take out the envelopes and hold them in my hands trying to make up my mind, one way or the other. Finally, I decided that I would just wait and see if the moment was right tonight to give them to Andy. I couldn't do anything more about the envelopes until then, so why keep dwelling on it? 
