 The Coffee Shop III: The Good, The Bad, And The Hypnotized 

Disclaimer. The following story, is a work of fiction. The characters portrayed within are a work of fiction as well, and any resemblance to any person, living or dead is a coincidence and unintentional. 

Copyright 1999. This story is the property of the author, Canadian Cowboy (formerly known as Animal360). Any duplication, in whole or in part, is forbidden without the express written consent of the author, Canadian Cowboy.

Author's Note. Although it is not necessary, you may wish to read The Coffee Shop for the full story of how Paul acquired his powers. You might also wish to read The Coffee Shop II: Cowboys and Tuxedos which describes the adventures of Paul since The Coffee Shop and before this story takes place. 

*

Chapter 1: A Chance Encounter.

"Do you know you have a really nice ass?" I asked the man swatting down in front of me. It was true. He did have a really nice ass. (Well, let's just say the profile of his ass seemed to be pretty good, after all I'd only seen him from the side when I was walking by his house.) The man was wearing a plain white cotton golf shirt, light blue jeans with a black belt, white socks and sneakers. In those nice snug jeans he was very attractive and worth spending a little time and effort investigating. Okay, the truth is that those jeans looked very tight and that's why I'd noticed this man. 

"Pardon me?" He replied, looking up at me with an understandably confused and slightly cautious expression. After all it isn't every day that a complete stranger dressed as a cowboy walks (okay saunters) up your driveway, and says this to you. It is somewhat unusual, and a bit disturbing, even if the man is smiling at you in a friendly and benevolent manner. 

It was only a second or two before his eyes met mine. Once they did, he was mine. Totally. "You trust me completely and are very at ease when I am around," I said to him. I silently repeated the commands and sent them into his mind. "It feels good to talk with me, and to go along with what I say. Now, tell me your name, and get back to work." I could see the caution and concern in his eyes fade away slowly, as my mental commands took hold. In a few heartbeats he blinked his eyes and smiled at me. 

"Uhm....Glen Rogers is my name," he replied with a grin. 

"Nice to meet you, Glen," I said to him.

"Thank you," he replied as he beamed happily at me, and then turned back to weeding his flower bed. After a few moments of digging though, he stopped. He turned his head up and to the side to look at me again. 

"What should I call you?" He asked me with a puzzled look on his face. "I'm afraid that I do not remember your name." 

"Whatever you think is right, Glen," I said to him. "I'm sure you'll come up with something. Once you've decided that, you should tell me about yourself while I watch you weed your flower bed." This is one of my favorite moments when I use my powers on a new subject...the moment when they decide how to address me. It marks the beginning of something new and wonderful. (And, yes, it is a very erotic moment too.) 

"How about 'sir'?" He asked me with questioning eyes that silently begged for approval. 

"It works for me, Glen," I said to him with a smile.

"Great, sir! Thank you, sir!" He said to me, the relief and happiness in his voice plain to hear. You'd think from his reaction that he'd just narrowly avoided a major social blunder. Well, in his mind he had. Glen worked happily on his flower bed, digging out the stubborn weeds that always seem to come back no matter how often you pull them out, or what kind of weed killer you use. In the meantime I let my eyes wander over Glen's body as I listened to him happily humming a tune. I was too engrossed in savoring the body in front of me to pay any attention to much of anything else. 

It is not that Glen's body was outstanding or really special in any way, only that he was a fit and trim man who looked to be in his late twenties or very early thirties. The jeans and golf shirt complemented his body, and showed it off in a subtle and somehow erotic way. Well, erotic to me, anyway. I have a weakness for slim men in tight jeans, especially when they bend over or squat down. I would guess that Glen had a thirty inch waist and probably a thirty-six inch chest, maybe thirty-eight. In a word...yummy. His face complemented his body very well. His hair was sun bleached blonde, short and curly, and it was a full head of hair with no sign of balding. His eyes were a lovely shade of brown, warm and inviting. Each time he looked at me, I smiled at him. I couldn't help it. Those eyes just made me want to reach out and hold Glen as close to me as I could. For some reason I kept thinking of him as a big soft cuddly teddy bear, even though he did not have anything like the 'bear' appearance. It just seemed to fit him somehow. I guess it was because his face was one of those faces that seems warm and inviting the minute you see it. He had a full almost bushy mustache, but otherwise his face was clean shaven, with clear skin that looked soft and smooth, most inviting. His smile added to his warmth and charm. Every few minutes as he knelt there working on his flower bed, Glen would turn his head, glance up at me and smile. Each time he did I grinned back at him and silently thanked God for my powers. It truly was a gift to have the ability to just walk up and snatch the mind of any man who catches your eye. 

Watching Glen while he worked was a pleasure in itself, and as he told me about himself I came to realize that I had a wonderful and rare opportunity. Glen was married (and heterosexual but hey, nobody's perfect). His wife who was out of town on a business trip, would not be back until tomorrow (Monday). They didn't have any kids, but were working on it every chance they got. So, he and I had the whole house to ourselves for the remainder of the day. Further inquires on my part revealed that Glen was not expecting any company for the rest of the day, nor did he have any plans to go out anywhere with anyone. Talk about a golden opportunity! I knew I had to take full advantage of this situation, as I might not be able to arrange anything as good as this for a long while. 

Glen's movements were fluid and smooth. I got pleasantly hard just watching him. Oh, it's not that I wanted to screw him, (well, not immediately) I just got so aroused knowing that this man was mine to do with as I wished. The feeling of power and joy that comes along with that knowledge is an aphrodisiac in itself. I was lost and enjoying myself as I watched Glen work, and talked with him a little bit. I complemented him on his body and how much it pleased me to see him working. Each time I did, Glen blushed and smiled at me demurely. He didn't know what to say to me, but he was very happy that I was pleased with him. He was innocence itself, at least as far as being attractive to another man was concerned, and that only added to his charm and appeal. Even as beads of sweat started to form on his brow, Glen looked good. That brought me back to reality as I straighten up and realized how uncomfortable I was. The sun was hot, and if I felt like this and I had not been doing anything, then Glen must be starting to suffer. "Time to go inside," I thought to myself. "Don't want either of us to get heatstroke." 

"Just what the hell is going on here, and who the hell are YOU?" A rough and tumble voice barked out behind me. Before I could even form the words of a response, I was suddenly grabbed from behind and turned around roughly to find myself facing the meanest set of eyes I'd ever seen. These were cold and clear blue eyes, that looked like they were make of ice. There wasn't a trace of warmth or friendliness in them. Nor was there any trace of friendliness in the face those eyes belonged to. The face was large, very mean looking, and very, very hard. It was a face made of granite, with deeply chiseled and rugged features, that were completely in proportion to each other. In actual fact, this was a very handsome and attractive face. Were it not for the near hatred that was written across it, I would have found this face a turn on. 

The hands that firmly, almost painfully, gripped my shoulders, did so with a grip of steel that I knew I'd never be able to break out of or squirm free from. These hands were each attached to an arm that looked as tough and as hard as that face was. The arms were clothed a tight fitting off-white T-shirt, but it was tight only because of the tremendous muscles in those arms. My eyes quickly followed the arms up the to chest and looked over the body of this Adonis who held me captive. He could have been a walking advertisement for a gym or workout machine. The guy was drop dead gorgeous! He had the type of body that all men want or wish they had, and that all gay men desire to hold. I desperately wanted to glance down and see what his lower body looked like, but I didn't have the opportunity, as I was shaken rather roughly when I did not immediately answer him. 

"It's okay, Rob," Glen suddenly said as he stood up and tugged uselessly at this Rob's arm. "This is a friend of mine." 

"I don't think so," Rob said to Glen without so much as a glance in his direction. "I've never seen this guy around the neighbourhood before. I saw how you've been looking at this guy for the last half an hour or so...like you're in love with him. I know you can't be, so there's something strange going on here." Turning his attention back to me, he addressed me. "You, whatever your name is, what's gong on here?" 

"Release me, drop your hands to your side, and be frozen in place. Unable to move, or yell out, but able to talk in a normal tone of voice," I quickly and silently commanded him. I didn't waste any time talking to this ox of a man. His grip was becoming painful, and I'd had enough of it.

Rob's face was a mask of surprise and astonishment after he did exactly as I'd instructed him. His beautiful eyes now registered shock with just a hint of fear and there was a quiver in his voice as he asked me quietly, "What did you do to me? Why can't I move?" I ignored Rob for the moment, as I had to deal with Glen and keep control of this situation before it got out of hand.

"Who is this man, Glen?" I asked him.

"He's my next door neighbour and a coworker of mine, sir, " Glen replied quickly. "He didn't hurt you did he, sir?" The concern in Glen's voice was touching, but I didn't have any time to pay it much mind.

"No, I'm fine, Glen, but what is Rob doing here? Does he often just show up like this?" I queried Glen. 

"Not often, just every now and then, sir," Glen replied quickly. 

"Let's go inside, sit down at your kitchen table and talk about all this, Glen. You too Rob," I instructed them. 

"Yes sir!," Glen replied as he eagerly lead the way into the house. Rob followed Glen, without a second of hesitation, but Rob's face showed his aversion to the idea. I knew without asking Rob, that he'd rather not go into the house with Glen and I. "Better to handle this inside and in private," I thought to myself. Mind you, it was hard to keep any thoughts in my head as I watched Rob's ass moving in front of me. He was wearing a pair of white tennis shorts, that were loose and comfortable, but still hinted (okay so they MORE than hinted) at the well muscled butt and thighs that the material concealed. I quickly glanced down at his feet (it wasn't easy mind you, with that wonderful ass of his available for me to look at), to see that he was wearing a pair of nondescript running shoes. Only when Rob sat down in a chair at the kitchen table, did my mind wander back to the issue at hand, and then only because the show was over. 

"Quickly and quietly, explain yourself Rob. Tell me why you man handled me out there, and why you even came over to Glen's house in the first place," I instructed Rob.

"I needed to borrow Glen's lawn mower as mine is still broken, so I came over to ask him if I could borrow his to cut my lawn," Rob replied. He paused and swallowed a few times before continuing. He was nervous, and it did not take a physic to guess that he was pretty sure that I would not like what he was about to tell me. I waited patiently. 

"I saw you talking with Glen when I headed over here," Rob continued a few seconds later. "I hadn't seen you around the neighbourhood before and wondered who you were. As I got nearer I noticed how Glen seemed to be smiling at you each time he said something to you. I also saw him call you 'sir'. I can read lips you see, and I saw what you said to him. I know a gay pickup line when I hear it, and that's what you were saying to him. I know that Glen's not gay or even bisexual, so I knew that something funny was going on. I decided to put a stop to it before anything happened." Rob stopped talking and waited. He swallowed nervously a few more times. 

This was interesting and it fit the facts, but not quite. Something was missing. I looked over at Glen. "Anything to add to this, Glen?" 

"Yes, sir," Glen replied and smiled at me. "Rob is one of my best friends, and he also happens to be gay. He doesn't like it when gay men try to pick me up, though. He and my wife are really close friends, and Rob doesn't want anything to happen that might hurt her."

"I see," I said. I sat there and thought for a few moments about what to do next. The information from Glen helped to explain why Rob had reacted the way he did. It was unfortunate for me that Rob was an accomplished lip reader. I only had myself to blame though, for letting this situation happen. If I'd been smart, I'd have gone inside with Glen as soon as I'd taken control of him. As I sat there contemplating these thoughts, I looked at Glen and then at Rob. Glen was quite content to sit there and wait for me to say something. Rob, though, was nervous and upset and getting more so with each passing minute. He was starting to sweat and the fear in his eyes started to grow. Despite the unfortunate beginning, Rob interested me now, almost as much, if not more than Glen did. I thought about just sending Rob on his way back home, and then I thought about it again. I smiled slowly to myself as an interesting, and slightly naughty idea came into my head. Rob's face became a mask of fear and terror as he saw the smile spread slowly over my lips. Glen, on the other hand seemed to perk up and get a bit excited at seeing me smile. 

"Please...uh...'sir'? I'm sorry for what I did earlier. I realize that it was none of my business, and please, if you'll allow me, I'd like to just go now and leave you and Glen alone," Rob pleaded with me. He was very scared of me now, and was trying somewhat desperately to get me to release him. As much as I might have disliked his earlier roughing me up, I didn't see any need to scare him like this. I felt a twinge of guilt at seeing him suffer like this and decided he'd had enough.

"Rob, look into my eyes now," I said to him and silently echoed the command mentally. Once I had firm eye contact with him, I spoke to him again. "As you continue to look into my eyes, you begin to relax and to realize that there is nothing to fear about me. Glen likes me and knows me, and since he trusts me, there's no reason why you shouldn't too. As you feel your trust in me grow, Rob, you feel your body relaxing and becoming more comfortable and pleasant. In only a few moments, you'll trust me so much and so completely, that you'll be able to move your body just like before, and you'll smile at me just like Glen does. You'll suddenly realize how good it feels when you listen to me and obey me, and you'll smile at me waiting for my next instruction."

"No....please....I....I don't want to. I just want to go home, please....I won't tell anyone anything.....please..." Rob continued to plead with me. It was actually very moving to hear him like that. He knew what was going to happen to him, and he truly did not want to become my 'friend' like Glen was. It was too late though. Rob could not look away from my eyes, and as he continued to look his thoughts and feelings about me underwent the expected and delightful transformation.

"No...I want to go home...." Rob continued to plead, but in a much weaker voice. "I want to go......I want to....I want..... Your eyes..... Can't look away...... What is it about your eyes???? They're like deep dark blue pools...... I can feel myself diving into them..... I'm going under.... I'm..... I'm losing myself in your eyes....." Rob's body began to relax and he started to slump down in the chair as the stiffness and fear he felt earlier melted away from his mind. 

"So good.....I feel so good. Your eyes make me feel so good..." Rob said in broken sentences and a dull drone. He stopped speaking and just continued to look into my eyes, and after a few more minutes he was smiling, as he nodded his head a few times. 

"You're feeling very good about yourself, about me and about Glen, aren't you , Rob?" I asked him.

"Yes indeed sir, I am," Rob replied quickly. He smiled at me a little longer, and then his face grew dark. "I'm really sorry for what I did to you earlier, sir. I didn't mean to hurt you or anything like that. I was only trying to look out for my friend, Glen, sir. I hope you understand, sir. Is there anything I can do to make it up to you?" 

"It's okay, Rob," I said to him soothingly. "I understand. Don't worry about it."

"Oh thank you, sir!" Rob blubbered with joy and relief. But then his face darkened again, and he looked at me with troubled eyes. "What I did was wrong, sir," he said. "I am sorry for what I did, but I still think I need to be punished, so that I won't ever do that again."

Alarm bells started to go off in my head as I heard this. I hoped this would not lead in to an area in which I had no interest. Best to ask and find out, I thought to myself.

"Are you into 'discipline', Rob?" I asked him, hoping that the answer would be 'no.'

"Not at all, sir," Rob replied with a shocked and upset look on his face. "I only feel that I owe you for what I did to you earlier. I would feel better if you hit me or took a swing at me or something, sir. Just so that we are 'even', sir." 

"All right then, Rob," I said to him and sighed with relief. "Bend over your chair, right now. I'm going to spank you a few times. Will that do?" 

"Yes, sir, it will," Rob replied. "Do you want my shorts down too?" 

"No, that will not be necessary, Rob," I said to him. (Okay, I suppose you are wondering why didn't have Rob drop his shorts, since it would have provided me with a wonderful opportunity to see his butt and maybe a few other details. I don't owe you an explanation, but I will say this much. It wasn't the right time for that sort of thing. I had something else in mind, and I did not want to become distracted. Considering what Rob looked like, his naked butt would have been a major league distraction, if you get my meaning. ) 

Rob stood up, and then draped himself over the chair he had been sitting in. His butt was arched over the seat of the chair in the perfect position. Rob gritted his teeth in anticipation of the pain he would soon be feeling, and waited. Glen, meanwhile looked at me with a dazed expression as if he could not believe what he was seeing. I walked over to where Rob was, and slapped his butt three times. To call it a spanking or a paddling, you would have to really stretch the definition....to the breaking point. 

"That's it Rob," I said to him, when Rob did not move after about a minute. 

"Sir? That's all?" Rob asked puzzled. 

"Yes," I said to him calmly. "It was merely symbolic. The fact that you were willing to submit to corporal punishment is more important than the actual punishment, Rob. So, stand up and come with Glen and I, into Glen's bedroom." 
