 I had been hired by a men's magazine (seems I get a lot of this lately) to do an erotic shoot in North Carolina mountains. Of all places, but the money was very good. Erotic was putting it mildly. I was to shoot the initial advertisements for an outdoor resort for "the discerning gentleman" owned and sponsored by this upscale men's magazine. The challenge was in shooting several males and females, together, some of Caucasian heritage and some of African and Caribbean heritage. Photographing white skin is easy, but the contrast of skin tones on dark pigment skin was going to be challenging, especially when they are photographed in the same shot. Making things worse was the constant presence for the magazine's photo director, who kept telling me how to do my job.

I drove down with lighting gear and all, flying was not an economic option. After the day's shoot I arrived at the hotel, exhausted and horney as hell. The room was the last available and had a barely working A/C unit. The room was on the first floor, last room, down the hall on the right with windows facing the parking lot. I opened the window to at least get some air into the room, stripped off my cloths and fired up my laptop. I checked into my email and decided to watch a video my wife Liz and her sister Aimee had made 'just for me'.

As I lay on the bed, stroking my cock, it is near dusk outside at 8:30 PM, and I can see cars pulling into the parking lot, their head lights shining into the room. Out of the corner of my eye I see a figure pass in front of the window, pause, glancing at who might be in the room and continue on. As I look up, I notice his head peek around the corner, again to get a look... maybe he can't believe what he is seeing. The head disappears, only to re-appear about 15 feet back from the window, almost like he thinks I cannot see him from that distance, even in the fading light of dusk. He is young, maybe 20 years old, and has his hand in his pants, obviously stroking his cock. He is watching me as I do the same, so, as an exhibitionist, I reposition myself on my back, placing the laptop on my stomach and my cock extends above it as I continue to jack. He is moving in, closer and is becoming bold as he watches my actions. My cock is hard and throbbing as I expose myself to this stranger. He comes up to the window, as if I cannot see him. I look up, surprising him, and catch his eye, motioning him to come in and join me He gives me a quizzical look but I continue to motion for him to join me. Finally, I get up from the bed, erection now fully extended by this erotic encounter and say;

"Well why not join me instead of standing out in the parking lot?" He nods and disappears. 

I go to the window, closed it and look around the parking lot, wondering if there is any other curious boy out there, and draw the curtains. I heard a slight tapping on the door, went to the peep hole and saw it was my voyeur friend. I wrapped a towel around my waist, hardly hiding my erection, and opened the door. 

"Come on in." 

I told him and he stepped into the room. 

"That's one big dong you got there." 

He says in a somewhat awkward way. I dropped the towel and his eyes popped open as he looked at my male endowment. His hands were massaging his own through his pants. I invited him to get naked and join me. 

"You gay?" he asked. 

"No, not entirely, I am 'bi'. I like a pussy and tits as well as an occasional cock." 

He sat on one of the beds, took off his work boots and quickly was down to his boxers. A noticeable bulge was visible and he was somewhat shy about total nudity. I stood in front of him stroking my near 10 inches and he just starred at it. 

"What do you want to do?" He asked. 

"Well, I don't fuck guy's asses, but I do like to suck and be sucked. And besides, I doubt I could fit this guy into your rear hole, at least not without a lot of prep work." 

"OK, that works for me." And with that he dropped his shorts and his cock sprang free.

He sat on the corner of the bed and I sat across from him. He reached for my cock and really felt it up, squeezing it from the base to the plum sized head. He leaned forward, sunk to his knees and began to suck on my cock. I laid back, spreading my legs, giving him free access. He sucked a good four inches into his mouth and I could feel my cock hit the back of his throat. He began to play with my testicles and scrotum, rolling the 'boys' around, getting a feel for all my goodies. As he sucked, his other hand began to stroke the length of my cock, slowly causing me to breathe deeply and enjoy his attention. I moved my body around and invited him to join me on the bed so I could get at his cock and he obliged. We were on our sides, cock to mouth, and I lifted my leg so he had ready access to everything. He did the same and I took his swollen cock into my hand for a close examination. He had trimmed pubic hair and the smallest head I had seen on a penis, barely one inch wide and less than that in length. The rest of his cock was ample in width and length, maybe seven inches long and maybe an inch wide. It was easy to suck his cock into the back of my mouth and almost small enough to get past my gag reflex. He was oozing pre-cum and it tasted very salty sweet. I wondered what he had been eating... what his diet consisted of to taste this unique. The more I sucked, the more pre-cum was emitted. 

I was reaching my threshold of pleasure and about to release a three day load of boy juice, and he sensed something was about to happen. 

"Will you cum in my mouth?" he asked. 

"If that's what you would like." I replied. 

He went back to sucking and stroking my dick and I climbed up the pleasure ladder, again, this time ready to fire my gun. I sucked in a long breath and pushed his head down onto my cock and flooded his throat with my cum. He choked, gaged and swallowed as much as he could. The rest dribbled down my cock and onto my scrotum. His head remained on my cock and he continued to suck, almost like a vacuum, pulling the remaining juice from my tubes. 

My efforts on his cock sped up and I could feel his readiness. I reached between his legs with one hand and felt for his balls, messaging and feeling them as they contracted deeper into his abdomen, preparing to empty their sperm contents along with the fluids of his prostate into my mouth. He shook, released his mouth from my cock and gave out a groan, arching his back and releasing his load. The head of his cock was well into my throat and I didn't miss a drop. It was a unique feeling to have a penis squirt that directly into my throat. The small sized head afforded me this wonderful sensation.

I withdrew my mouth and he rolled over onto his back, cock still hard and standing tall over his body. I reached for it and continued to stroke it, playing with his balls and finding his ass hole, probed for his prostate. I love having my prostate gland messaged as I prepare for orgasm and imagined he would as well. He closed his eyes, opened his legs and gave me free access to asshole, balls and cock. Within a few minutes of this, he again arched his back and squirted another load into the air, cum landing on his chest and my hands. With that, breathing hard, cock reducing in size, he lay there, trying to recover. 

"You're fucking amazing." He said. 

"Just doing what I know I enjoy having done to me." 

His cock had fully deflated, now, and I took a chance to do something else that I enjoy. I leaned over to his groin and sucked his soft cock and balls completely into my mouth, rolling them all around with my tongue, feeling the softness of his cock, tasting his cum, and enjoying the feeling of his balls, again, tighten into his scrotum. His cock began to stiffen and expand in my mouth, until I released it and watched it grow, again to full hard. Youngsters in their late teens and early twenties are the easiest to arouse and respond to stimulus, over and over again. 

"OK, this time I want to watch you masturbate and cum, and you can watch me do the same." 

He sat up and began to stroke his cock, using the remaining cum from his chest as lubricant. I did the same and he was mesmerized watching my two hands stroke up and down my rod. I paused and reached for my laptop and restarted the video Liz and Aimee had sent to me... to keep me company on my trip. 

"This is my wife with the dark hair, and the blond is her sister Aimee. We play together often." 

His eyes bugged out as he watched two beautiful naked girls playing with their pussies and sucking on tits. Finally they settled into a 69 position and started licking each other's pussy, fingers disappearing into their cunts. They took turns holding the camera and giving me close-ups of their explorations. The kid kept stroking his cock, until, for the third time he came, small spurts of cum issuing from his pee hole. But now he was spent. I continued to stroke, watching him watch me, talking to him about the things we three did when I am home, and getting myself harder and more excited as this stranger watched me jack. I told him of my son, how he and his friend Dan, and sometimes with me, masturbated together, watching porn, watching each other stroke our cocks, watching each other fuck our girls. I told him about the girls my son and I shared, fucking one end or the other, together. How his buddy Dan watched my wife and I fuck and finally confessed he wanted to fuck her, I made his wet dream come true as we enjoyed a three-some and he was able to fuck my wife, his MILF. Finally I felt my second orgasm upon me and I let fly a long series of ribbons of boy juice, several of the spurts landing in my mouth and on my face, finally dribbling onto my stomach. I licked the fluid from my mouth and face and he leaned in to clean off my chest and cock. 

Both satiated, he dressed and thanked me for the adventure of watching and participating. I thanked him for making my evening fun after a long day's drive. And he was out the door. I locked up, peed, brushed my teeth and headed for the other, dry bed, hoping to garner some sleep.