 It consumed me. An unwelcome but constant companion, I could not shake the gut-wrenching despair. Everything they say about your first love is true. Even though I accepted her decision, I was devastated when my girlfriend said she wanted to see other guys. My relationship with Cindy was deep, passionate, and meaningful. I loved her and these ensuing months have not made things easier for me.

It was a clean break. Cindy moved to a city three hours away a little more than a year ago. Through I had never heard of long-distance relationship then, our relationship slowly yielded to the loneliness and pain of separation. She was only 15 when we met. Even though I was only a year older, going away to college carved an unsurmountable chasm between us. I was fortunate to attend college in my hometown. Even so, the comfort and familiarity of home was not enough to displace the crushing new demands on my time. My aspiration to qualify for a medical school placed relentless demands on me (or, so I thought), making it impossible to devote the necessary time to keep two young hearts together. We both were turning to new people to satisfy our growing loneliness. It summoned uncommon maturity from both of us to end our relationship before we started hurting each other.

Hours of study only made the emptiness worse. Hanging with my family or my high school friends did nothing to abate the gnawing agony. Weeks unfolded into months of this emptiness -- a void that was particularly profound to an 18-year-old. Maybe I needed a diversion, perhaps a part-time job. I needed the money, and a job will focus my thoughts on more benign matters. 

It was a shit job but a good contrast to my study regimen. Sitting in front of a computer for a six-hour graveyard shift gave me hours to study. The quiet time allows me to catch up with my readings and assignments. I rarely saw another human being during my shift. There was ample time to stare into space. There was a large window to the side of the computer station. Few cars were moving about campus at this time of the night. Bored and alone, thoughts of Cindy punctuated the darkness. Regret and remorse found me here, too. 

To be sure, I met many fun and interesting students and teachers in my classes. Wherever I turned, beautiful women surrounded me. I enjoyed flirting and banter with a few. Still, nobody who rose to my idealized standard... or, maybe, I was still too vulnerable and too afraid of being hurt. Perhaps it was a sign of progress when I began considering the possibility of talking to someone about my angst. I shuffled through the list of people who cared the most for me and decided that this was too intimate and raw to share with someone who knew me well. It occurred to me that my new boss seemed to possess the maturity and detachment to listen and not cast judgment on the torment that I just could not shake. Affable and intelligent, Hugh exuded confidence and a worldly wisdom that gave me hope that he could help me work through this. 

In the short time that I knew him, Hugh and I had crafted a cordial relationship. Hugh told me stories about places he had traveled. He seemed interested in me -- my classes, my social life, and my first year in college. On a one poignant occasion, Hugh noted that I seemed blue and offered reassurance that these were the best years of my life. When I finally mustered the courage to privately talk to him about my breakup, he did so without hesitation. He closed the door to his office and gestured for me to sit. With my heart in my throat, I told him about my tender relationship with Cindy and the fact that I was still struggling after three months. "I'm really confused," I admitted. "I thought maybe something like this had happened to you and that you could help me through this. If this is in any way inappropriate or burdensome, I apologize. It is not my intent to dump my personal problems on your desk."

Sitting quietly through my account, Hugh abruptly stood. For a fraction of a second, I thought he was uncomfortable with my story and was terminating our discussion. Sensing my alarm, he quickly assured me that he needed to run an errand but wanted to hear more about my plight. "I need to run home and iron a dress shirt for a social at the university. You are welcome to go with me," he invited. "We can talk more about this on the drive."

As was drove across town, Hugh told me that problems were often disguised opportunities to attempt new experiences and to cultivate new relationships. He recounted how his travels broadened his views and that liberal arts education has the naturally tendency to narrow the number of people who we accept as compatible. "After a semester in college, you would probably find that you and Cindy don't have as much in common anymore," he offered. "Your first love was an important step for you. A good-looking guy like you should try to take in as much of the world as you possibly can."

I felt better. Maybe Hugh was right. Maybe it was time to close the chapter with Cindy and embrace everything available to me as a college student. We pulled into the parking lot of the apartment complex. "Come on. This won't take long. For my birthday, a friend gave me a nice bottle of scotch that I would like you to try," Hugh said as he exited his car and urgently walked toward the building. I followed him up the stairs to his second-floor apartment. 

Upon entering, the simple elegance of his décor and furnishings impressed me. The rugs, wood floors and surfaces were immaculate. I detected a light aroma of vanilla. "This is nice," I said. "Did you get a decorator to do this?" 

Moments later, Hugh returned from the kitchen with two glasses containing generous portions of pale gold liquid on ice. "Here," he said as he offered me one of the beverages. "No, I decorated this apartment myself," Hugh said dismissively. 

Hugh continued as he motioned for me to sit on the couch. "Scotch whisky gets its color from the type of cask used. It starts out clear and acquires its color during the aging process," he said as he held up his glass to the light. "A nice metaphor to human growth, don't you think?"

"How so?" I queried. 

He replied, "When we are young, we don't have many experiences to draw upon. As such, we are still undeveloped and have not yet reached our potential. Life teaches us much about the world and ourselves. Over time, through trial and error, we each acquire our own unique color."

Hugh went into the laundry room. The washing machine began its cycle. Hugh came out and sat next to me on the couch. We nursed our drinks. "Good stuff," Hugh said. "Ordinarily, I don't give alcohol to a minor but I it's obvious you need a little release. In my last job, I was an athletic trainer for high school teams. You are upset and tense. I bet you feel knots in your back and neck. Am I right?"

"I do," I replied. "Lately, the only way to get relief is to use a hot tub."

"Have you ever had a sports massage?" Hugh inquired. "Would you like me to give you one? I can tell you that a massage will do you a world of good in reducing your tension."

I nodded. After all, I did feel tightness in my neck and back even though the scotch relaxed me. Hugh instructed me to take off my shirt, shoes, and socks and to lie face down on the couch, whereupon he kneaded my shoulders with strong hands and fingers. "Ahhh, that does feel better," I said.

Hugh efficiently attended to my neck and shoulders before moving down my back. Massaging my lower back, Hugh said, "This couch is quite limiting. When I was a sports trainer, I had my own massage table. I can't get at you very well with you up against the back of the couch. Why don't you crawl up on my bed and I'll do your legs and feet?"

I hesitated before admitting that the idea of getting on his bed made me uncomfortable. He smiled and replied, "I understand. We could use the floor but the bed is much more comfortable. The floor forces me to work at such an awkward angle."

That sounds reasonable, I thought. "Sure. Thank you. That will be better," I said. As I got up to follow Hugh into his bedroom, I noticed that his pants were tenting. I did not have much time to consider this as I arrived at his bed.

"Just take off your pants and move your head to the foot of the bed," Hugh invited. "I need to throw my pants in the washer for tonight. I'll be right back."

I took off my jeans and positioned myself in the middle of his queen-sized bed with my head at the foot of the bed. Hugh returned moments later in a t-shirt and cotton athletic shorts. "This will be much less restrictive," he said as he began massaging the calf of my leg. He worked my feet and toes before moving up to my thighs. I noted that Hugh must be exerting himself as he was breathing harder. 

"My hands are getting dry. I have some special massage oil right here that contains special herbs to help the body's regenerative ability. Don't be surprised if it feels cool," Hugh said. "You ok? Does this feel good to you?"

It really does feel good, I thought. "Yes, thank you," I replied. "You are really good at this. It's very relaxing."

"Great," Hugh said. "I'm going to put this oil on your glutes and I don't want to get it all over your underwear. Would you arch your back so I can slide them off?" I complied, allowing Hugh to slide off my tighty-whities. 

The oil was cool and felt nice. Hugh drizzled it over my shoulders, back, butt and legs. I almost expected the oil to sizzle, as I had gotten quite warm in response to his massage. The oil took the pleasure of the massage to another level. The oil made Hugh's hands hotter as they skated across by neck, shoulders and back. I smelled spices and musk as he rubbed my back and moved down toward my waist. Pensively, I wondered what it would be like for a man to touch my ass but dismissed the thought, assuring myself this was all part of a massage. 

Hugh stopped at my waist and shifted to massage my feet, calves, and thighs. As he meticulously progressed to the top of my thighs, he startled me when the back of his hand lightly rubbed against my balls. I wondered if this was an accident. I must have flinched because he asked, "You ok? You want me to stop?"

I was surprised to hear myself say, "If you stop now, I'll kill you." I laughed and he laughed. He used his thumbs to deeply massage my buttocks. Unsure whether this was his intent, I began to feel aroused. Because of its position under me, my cock swelled and pushed out between my spread legs. I was embarrassed but did not know what to do. With my resting head turned toward Hugh, it was also apparent that he was excited as his cotton tent betrayed a large, thick cock. The tent so pronounced, I saw his big balls through the bottom of the leg of his shorts. I noticed that both of us were breathing harder as he continued to rub my buttocks. 

A flurry of thoughts crowded my mind. I could not escape the conclusion that all of this was by design, not by accident. With every passing moment, any remaining reluctance waned. Soon, there was no doubt that I wanted this and eagerly awaited what would come next. 

"What have we here?" Hugh asked as chose this moment to announce my erection. Half ashamed and completely aroused, I said nothing. Hugh spread my cheeks and applied additional lotion. The blade of his hand worked the lotion deep into my crevice and his thumb rubbed my hole. I was shocked that his attention to my bung could make my entire body tingle. I broke the silence with a guttural moan. He laughed.

Hugh stepped back and removed his shirt and shorts. At least 20 years my senior, I admired his marbled athletic frame, hairy chest, and manly package. I had never seen another man's erect cock and, until now, had no desire to. Now, my world was in chaos. I was no longer in control and laid motionless with no idea of how to act on the building passion. Seeing that I was eying his cock, he smiled and said, "It gets even better."

Hugh resumed playing with my ass. My cock was so hard it was beginning to hurt. It felt like my cock was going to break in this position and I lifted up my midsection to let my cock assume a resting place under my stomach. Hugh positioned himself behind me and began to lick my asshole. Rimming was unknown to me. The novelty soon turn to pleasure as I was transfixed by the bliss of his tongue teasing, swirling and penetrating my virgin hole.

Hugh got up, stood at the foot of the bed, and asked me to roll over on my back. Slightly repositioning me, he leaned forward until his cock head touched my lips. He moved his hips to allow his cock to rub over my lips. As I opened my mouth slightly, Hugh slowly thrust his hard cock into my ever-widening mouth. So thick, I had to open my mouth as wide as I could. There, I slowly and passionately kissed, licked, and sucked him. My hands cupped and caressed his butt and balls. I pulled him closer when I wanted his cock deeper down my throat. At this moment, he owned me. It was my personal mission to give him pleasure, hopefully, as much as he was giving me. Even though I had never done this before, Hugh encouraged me with regular expressions of "that's perfect," "oh, yeah," and "you're my little cocksucker."

Without warning, Hugh pulled his cock out of my mouth. Standing over me, he smiled, and said, "This is going to change your life." Hugh retrieved four pillows from his bedroom closet, told me to get on my hands and knees, and placed them under me. He positioned himself on the bed behind me. Without touching me, Hugh announced that he would ask a series of questions and directed me to keep the answers to myself. "When you came to see me, were you hoping that I would solve your problem? Why do you suppose you came to me? Have I done anything today to diminish you? Have I done anything that you did not want to happen?" he asked. Admittedly, his questions confused me.

Hugh said, "Before we continue, I want to put your mind at ease. I want you to know that this kind of thing has only happened to me a few times. I am not a man whore," he laughed. "I want you to know that I was tested last month and that I am disease free. I want you to know that what happens here will never leave this room. Lastly, I will never call you but invite you to contact me if you are ever in need my help or affection. Now, I am not going to ask for your consent but want you to know that you can stop me anytime with one word."

As Hugh applied more lotion to my ass with circular caresses. I craned by neck to watch him put lotion on his magnificent cock. "I will be patient and gentle," he said as he pushed the head of his cock against my well-lubed hole. I wanted Hugh to fuck me. There were times when it hurt. The more he penetrated me, the more I wanted all of him in me but it took a long time to accomplish. When he was fully in me and the pleasure finally overshadowed the pain, Hugh fucked me, slow and lightly at first and then fast and frenetic. I never suspected that a man could give or feel such intense pleasure. It was a moment of unexpected joy when the long fuck session resulted in the most intense orgasm I ever had. Though it had not been touched, cum violently spewed out my cock. I loved sex with my girlfriend but it was never like this -- so enthralling, so deeply satisfying. 

My orgasm intensified Hugh's frenzy and, moments later, I felt his cock convulsing as waves of hot cum burst inside of me. Upon finishing, my arms and legs nearly collapsed. Hugh kissed me on the neck, retreated to the bathroom to wash, and returned with a washcloth for me. His timing was perfect as his warm fluid steamed down my crack and balls. 

Hugh invited me to stay at his apartment while he dressed for his evening function. When I looked at the clock I realized we had been together all afternoon. I stayed in his bed as Hugh left for the university function. 

Alone, I reflected on the day's amazing events. My breakup with Cindy now seemed distant and trivial. My pangs of solitude were nowhere to be found. Bewildered by the force of these new emotions, my confusion gave way to a growing contentment. Laying there, I felt gratitude to Hugh for adding color to my scotch.