 Okinawa, Japan is a small city southwest of Tokyo. It stretches out 67 miles, and is known throughout the world as a vast military community, home to the United States Marine Corps.

John Frederick Wilmer was fresh out of basic training when he arrived in Okinawa. This was his first time out of the U.S., and as a country boy straight from Covington, a small town near Fort Worth, this was his first taste of 'striking out' on his own. At 6"1 and 175 lbs, the 19-year old Texan ad the makings of sturdy military material. Also, joining the military had been family tradition, more or less. Both of his grandfathers fought in Korea, and his dad in Desert Storm. He knew there was nothing else he wanted. He even planned to make the military a career, starting a family with Stephanie, his girlfriend back home. John arrived to the company office in his Alpha uniform ready to check in when he was directed to the office of company Gunnery Sergeant Chan Nguyen. 

"Gunny" Nguyen, a native of New York City, was an imposing hulk of a man. Blessed with Korean, Filipino, Cherokee, Italian and German blood, the bald 34-year old was 5"9, 202 lbs of pure military-crafted muscle. He had heavily dramatic eyes that could put the lowliest Marine in their place wthout speaking a single word, and a voice that boomed so that you'd swear the walls would crack when he yelled. Recently divorced, he was thrown into his work and more consumed by it than ever when Pvt. Wilmer checked into his office.

"Excuse me gunny," Pvt. Wilmer said in his low-pitched Southern drawl, "but is this where I check in?"

"How about a 'good morning gunny' or some trash like that?" growled GySgt Nguyen. 

"Good morning Gunnery Sergeant sir," Wilmer said, putting on his best boot camp manners. 

"Where are you from with that accent?" Gunny asked condescendingly.

"Covington, Texas," Wilmer beamed.

"Figures," Gunny muttered. "Let me see your orders." Wilmer handed a sheet of paper to GySgt Nguyen, who studied it for a moment and returned it to the strapping young Marine. "Says there you're not due to report to your unit for another 5 days. Go wait in the hall." Thirty minutes later, Gunny summoned Pvt. Wilmer back into his office. "Get all of your gear together and wait outside the main hatch. Corporal Ortiz is taking you to the temporary barracks. After you drop off your gear, change into your cammies and report back here ASAP," Gunny ordered. 

"Yes gunny," Pvt. Wilmer replied as he walked out of GySgt Nguyen's office and gathered his things. 

As Gunny sat in his office during his chow time, he couldn't help thinking about the tall, prettily handsome young Private with the sandy-colored hair and emerald green eyes. He inadvertently felt his flaccid penis harden in his skivvies. He began to rub his growing dick right underneath his desk. 

Pvt. Wilmer, now changed over in his utilities, returned to the company office to see Gunny Nguyen, who gazed at the good-looking young man passively. "Well congratulations, Private. We couldn't find anyone to replace Lance Corporal Fisher for duty clerk until you arrived. Since you won't be checking into your unit until Friday, I put you on tonight's watch with the Staff Duty Officer."

"Ooorah," said Pvt. Wilmer, who was internally upset because he wanted to unpack his things and rest from his long trip overseas. "Who's going to be the SDO, gunny?"

"Yours truly," GySgt said without a glance. 

The evening began slowly, with hourly check-ins by the duty driver, but nothing much besides that. Gunny Nguyen had tons of paperwork to catch up on and decided to use Pvt. Wilmer to assist him. All evening it was type this, print that, Xerox this, fax that. Pvt. Wilmer went about his duties in a professional and compliant manner, unaware that his youthful good looks and his tall, appealing build were secretly fueling a deep, burning and closeted desire within the Gunny. GySgt Nguyen played fair all evening as long as he could, then when 0115 rolled around, it was apparent that all official business within the company had ceased, although the two Marines were still making copies and sending faxes. They also began making idle conversation, and discovered they shared many sports and hobbies in common. It was as if the gruff authoritarian that Private Wilmer met the previous afternoon had dissolved into an easygoing, down to earth Average Joe. 

As Pvt. Wilmer walked to the machine to make his last copy, he was justifiably startled when GySgt Nguyen locked the hatch and walked behind him at the copier and slid his massive arms around his waist. 

"Uh, Gunny, what're you doing?" Pvt. Wilmer stammered.

"Shhh. Look, Wilmer, this isn't easy for me, either and I don't mean to frighten you, but I think you are a most good-looking young man," GySgt Nguyen brazenly admitted. No one else is coming in here until 0200, and I'd like to keep this as hush as possible, know what I mean?"

Pvt. Wilmer began to breathe heavily as Gunny's hands traveled down the front of his blouse, cradling Wilmer's groin in his muscular hands. "Gunny, I don't know about this. This isn't safe and we could get caught. Besides, I'm not even gay."

"I know, neither am I. At least I don't think so. Just once. I promise o one will find out." Just then, Pvt. Wilmer turned around face to face with his stoically handsome superior as GySgt Nguyen gave him a soft peck on the lips. Pvt. Wilmer adamantly knew he wasn't gay, but there was an excitable sensation traveling through his body as Gunny grasped the back of his head and pulled him in closer for a serendipitous tongue wrestling. They quickly broke the kiss as Gunny drew the blinds in the company office. 

"Come on, let's go!" he exclaimed as he promptly removed his blouse and undershirt. He was a brawny, barrel-chested man with a smooth, creamy brown complexion and massive biceps, the left of which displayed the letters USMC. He then untied and pulled off his boots and loosened his green belt, letting his trousers fall to the floor. He had large, tree trunk legs and firm thighs. His tight white cotton briefs could barely contain the noticeably erect boner underneath. Pvt. Wilmer was also undressing, albeit a little more hesitantly. He fumbled with the buttons on his blouse, his hands visibly shaking, his face contorted with frustration. Gunny pulled his trousers from around his ankles and sauntered over to the nervous boy, removing his blouse, undershirt, boots and trousers. He had a youthfully defined physique, a slim chest and a rippling torso that sat right above a totally shaven pubic region. Pvt. Wilmer's 7-incher slowly began to gain mass as well. GySgt Nguyen took in the sight of his fresh-skinned young body as he stepped to Wilmer and stuck the young devil dog's hand down his "tighty-whities".

"Do the honors, Private," Gunny requested as Wilmer began to slide the binding underwear from his senior's brick-hard rear. He slid the shorts down to Gunny's ankles, and the muscular man stepped out of them and got on his knees in front of the slowly at-ease Private. "Does your girlfriend do this for you?"

"Not really, Gunny. She says oral sex is sorta disgusting."

"Hmmm. She doesn't know what she's missing," he replied as he slid the boy's veiny white cock into his warm Eurasian mouth.

"Oh yes. Oh that's fucking great," Pvt. Wilmer grinned as Gunny started sucking his entire dick into the back of his throat, at the same time fondling the boy's soft, cherry-sized balls. Gunny held Wilmer's thighs for balance as he began to play with his own uncut 8-inch dick. 

"Mmmm, Mmm," was all he could utter as Wilmer's rapidly swelling pole filled his mouth.

"Oh gunny, yes. Yes, yes yes!" Pvt. Wilmer exclaimed, trying to keep his pleasurable moans to a minimum. Gunny then withdrew Wilmer's dick from his mouth and kissed the boy, giving him a taste of his own sweet and salty pre-cum. The two men began planting kisses all over each other's lips and faces, and Wilmer, now more comfortable with this once taboo facet of sexuality, slowly made his way to Gunny's crotch as he ran his tongue down the man's neck and over his large pectorals, biting and teasing his raisin-colored nipples. 

"Hmmm, very good Wilmer. Very good, yes, " Gunny kept repeating as his slowly experienced lover made his way down to his solid midsection, hardened by hours of body sculpting at the gym. Pvt. Wilmer planted soft kisses all around his waist until he reached Gunny's swelling crotch area. Although Wilmer admired his superior's thick, light-brown package, his apprehensions quickly resurfaced.

"I-I don't think I can do this, gunny. This has all been pretty hot, but I don't know about puttin' another guys twig and berries in my mouth." GySgt Nguyen could sense the tormenting frustrations in the novice young man.

"I sucked your dick, didn't I Wilmer?" Gunny asked plainly

"Uh, yeah."

"So fair is fair, right? I'm still the same man I was before I put your dick in my mouth, and you will be too. Come on, we don't have a lot of time and I need you to do this for me," he semi-pleaded.

"Um, alright. Here goes," Wilmer said as he rubbed the moist golden cockhead around his virgin lips, nibbling on the soft foreskin. "Mmm," he moaned as he ran his tongue along the sides of the older man's unyielding erection, holding his warm, fleshy nutsac in his mouth.

"Ooooh, yes. Give it to me. Give me your mouth, Private," Gunny purred as the hot young Marine began to heatedly feast on the studly SDO's impressively fat dick. Gunny smiled in heavenly ecstasy as Pvt. Wilmer's hands dug deep into his hard ass flesh, all the while sucking and slurping back and forth on his huge tool. He soon released Gunny's dick from his mouth as he sheepishly admitted, "my jaws are kinda tired."

Gunny let out a satisfied moan as he began to tongue-kiss the winsome young hard charger and made the arousing young man turn around so he could view his delectably milky-white ass. Gunny immediately began kneading Wilmer's silky-smooth derrière with his massive, powerful hands. 

"Whatcha doin' Gunny?" Pvt. Wilmer asked with a boyishly sexy giggle. 

"Whaddya think?" Gunny retorted, as he spread open the boy's beautiful ass cheeks and admired his tiny brown asshole. He said nothing as he invited his tongue to mesh with the young Marine's virgin love button.

"Oh shit! Aaahh, oh fuck. Oooo yeah," the horny Adonis cooed as Gunny's tongue circled his small flower and slicked it with his warm mouth juices. GySgt Nguyen hungrily ate the boy's ass as Wilmer began pounding his stiff cock with his fist. He was on the verge of exploding when Gunny reached around and grabbed his shaft, preventing his much needed release. 

"A few more minutes," he said as he pulled his face away from Pvt. Wilmer's musky nether region and walked bare-assed to his desk. Pvt. Wilmer stood watching as his GySgt's handsomely sculpted ass slightly jiggled as he walked to his desk. Gunny reached in his bottom drawer and pulled out a small bottle of hand lotion. In shock, Pvt. Wilmer reached behind himself, defensively guarding his still-undeflowered backside.

"No way, Gunny. There's no way I'm lettin' you do that," he commanded. GySgt Nguyen acquiesced, asking Wilmer would he prefer to penetrate him instead. 

"Uh, yeah. Sure," the irresistible young Marine agreed. Gunny walked to the middle of the floor and had Pvt. Wilmer lay on his back. He shuddered as his smooth skin touched the ice-cold linoleum, but his surging stamina provided his body with much-needed heat. 

"Would you, please," Gunny asked as he handed Wilmer the lotion and opened up his rock-solid, mocha-colored buns for him. Wilmer took the bottle and spread a generous amount of lotion on Gunny's moist ass crack. He stuck his index finger in his waiting sphincter, tickling and massaging his lower prostate, making him writhe in ecstasy. "Oh yes. Good job, Marine, excellent. Now give me a hard fucking NOW!" he ordered as he lowered his hips over Pvt. Wilmer's pink tool. Despite the hard tautness of his ass, his hole expanded easily as Wilmer gripped Gunny's hips and guided his inflexible rod in his waiting behind. "Oh yeah, give me that hot dick, boy," Gunny thundered as he drove his ass against Wilmer's groin. "Feels good, doesn't it?" he asked as the young man rocked his own hips in sync with his senior's bouncing gyrations.

"Oh, this feels hella good. Fuck yeah!" the young man growled as he kept pumping his hard shaft in and out of Gunny's stretched bottom. Gunny kept grinding on Wilmer as his swollen shaft began to fill and he started painting the cold tile floor with his hot, thick cum. Even though Gunny was spent, Pvt. Wilmer kept pushing his raging hard-on in and out of the older muscle hunk's bulbous mounds until he finally unleashed with an overflow of satisfying sex cream. As he pulled his semi-limp tool from Gunny's ass, the two men shared one last slow tonguing as they dressed and approached the 2 o'clock hour.