 My wife had back surgery. What was supposed to have been a "walk in the park" ended up being a nightmare. Oh, the surgery went fine, except for the bone fragments that were floating around against her leg nerves causing excruciating pain. So, a second surgery was done five days later to take care of the fragments. Lo and behold, the second surgery went fine except for the hematoma that formed after the surgery causing even more pain than before. A third surgery was performed the next day to drain the blood. Three surgeries in six days, what a horrible experience!! She's finally out of the woods and healing but what was supposed to have been a 2-6 week recuperation has now turned into a 2-6 month recovery. The third surgery left her with a weakened left leg which will require lots of physical therapy.

Suffice it to say, with all of this trauma and a five-inch incision in her back, I have what's known as a loss of consortium. I don't blame the doctor. He's a very qualified surgeon who did everything by the book but the stars just didn't line up right. There's no permanent damage. In a few months, all will be back to normal. We, or I should say she, was just dealt a bad hand.

Speaking of hands, I got tired of using mine. I needed some physical contact. I thought about it a lot and decided that I didn't want to get involved with another woman. It's way too easy to get caught. But as a devotee of porn, all kinds of porn, I decided that it was time to take a walk on the wild side. Over the years, I'd watched so many guys getting sucked off by other guys, I had developed a curiosity about man-on-man sex, especially blowjobs. I always wondered if it was true what they say. You know, nobody knows a man like another man. I never saw a blowjob where both guys weren't having a good time.

I remembered one night when I had stopped at a local pub for a drink that I overheard a couple guys talking about a place where commuters parked to get the train into town. It was at the end of a dead-end street surrounded by woods. People would park up and down the street and avoid having to pay for parking. They talked about how a lot of liaisons would go on in the cars and in the surrounding woods. If you were interested in making a connection, all you had to do was sit in your car and blink your lights once or twice as the people got off the train and walked to their cars. If there was someone who was interested, he would approach the car and a conversation would take place.

I figured, why not? It seemed to be a fairly safe way to hook up with someone. After all, these were people who were coming back into the suburbs from work. What added to the excitement was the thought that these guys were on the "down low," straight but looking for sex with men. I guess that would mean me as well.

My wife needed someone with her all the time. She was using a walker and couldn't be left alone. Fortunately, I had a lot of good neighbors who volunteered to sit with her while I did errands and the like. I told my wife that I was going to meet a business associate for an early dinner and that I would be home about 8pm. She knew I needed a little time to myself and sent me off with a kiss and "Have a good time!!!"

I drove to the commuter parking area and parked facing the train stop. The 5:02 pulled in and a crowd of commuters disembarked and began walking towards their cars. I was driving my wife's SUV which had darkened windows. I had the front doors tinted to match the rest of the car so it was really not easy to see into the car. As people walked by, I watched the cars in front and behind me to see if anybody blinked their lights. Sure enough, the lights blinked on a car well behind me. I watched through my side rearview as a man approached the car that blinked. After a 15 second conversation, the commuter got into the car. No shit! It wasn't an urban myth.

The 5:19 pulled into the station and a small crowd of people started to make their way to their cars. I blinked my headlights once and waited. In minutes, the street was empty of the commuters and their cars. I was very disappointed but I was a fisherman as a kid and I knew that you don't always catch a fish on your first cast. The 5:47 came and went with no luck. I was starting to think that it could be another night of self-love. I looked around and quickly counted the number of cars that remained. Not too many left!! I had my window open and I could hear the automated announcement that a train was approaching. The sun had set and it was twilight. The late train, the 6:06, opened its doors and, like mice scurrying into their dens, the commuters headed for their cars. I blinked my lights. Just when I thought that the whole effort was a disaster, a nice-looking guy in a business suit, with briefcase in hand, approached my car.

"I saw you blink your lights," he said, looking me straight in the eye. I saw him quickly glance into my car presumably to see if there was anybody with me, maybe like a cop.

"Ya, I was trying to get your attention. I'm new to the area and I thought that if I spoke directly with a commuter, he could give me some helpful information." Boy, did I sound stupid but I didn't know what else to say.

"You're not a cop, are you?" 

"Nope!"

"Then sure, I think can offer you some good advice." He walked around to the passenger side of my car and put his hand on the door handle. The moment of truth had come. I pressed the unlock button and he got into my car. He immediately locked the doors and told me to raise my window.

"Look, I've to get home because my wife will have dinner on the table and the kids get impatient. I don't have time for conversation. I just give head. No names, no kissing, no anal, and no charge. If you want to reciprocate, that's great. If not, I can deal with it. Have I answered all your questions and, by the way, Yes, I do swallow?" he said in a very straight-forward manner. 

I was taken aback by his abruptness.

"OK, sure, no problem." I was so damned curious about the whole thing. Here was an intelligent-looking, well-dressed, married 40 year-old that wanted to suck my cock. 

"So, can we get on with it?" Time was of the essence.

"Do what you got to do," I said, almost laughing to myself. He leaned over, unbuttoned my pants, and pulled down my zipper. In anticipation of what might happen, I wasn't wearing any underwear. He pushed my pants down until my rapidly hardening cock popped out. I watched him intently as my cock appeared. His face changed almost imperceptibly but I could see lust in his eyes.

"No underwear. That makes things a little easier."

"Very nice," he commented, and smiled, as he pulled out my cock. I'm completely shaved, not for the occasion. Just a choice I made many years ago.

He wrapped a hand around my prick and gave me a few strokes, bringing me to a hardness that I don't think I had ever experienced before, at least not in recent memory. Some precum was oozing out of the purple tip of my circumcised cock. My fellator licked the precum from my dick and then, in one single motion, took the entire length of my red-hot cock into his mouth.

I moaned from the exquisite feeling. My cocksucker made grunting sounds of satisfaction as he created a vacuum with his mouth, his lips up against my pubic bone. We were invisible in the sanctuary created by the tinted glass and the setting sun. People walked by without even turning their heads. I saw the quick flash of blinking headlights in my rearview. Someone else was looking for something on the side. I wondered if it was just a guy thing, or were there women who were looking for something different.

He swallowed and I could feel his throat massaging my dick. Then he slowly pulled up leaving only the head of my prick in his mouth. He began to suck the head of my dick and, at the same time, massage it with his tongue. I could feel that wonderful special feeling start to build deep in my balls. There was no stopping it. The man that was sucking my cock was an expert. My body stiffened and my dick felt like it was a piece of steel. I shot squirt after squirt of cum into his mouth as he sucked it out of me. When I was completely spent, my cocksucker continued with a very gentle oral pressure until he sat up.

"Very tasty!" he said quietly. 

I leaned back in my seat and glanced at the clock on the dashboard. About twenty minutes had passed.

"Have you got 15 more minutes? I asked.

"It really isn't necessary. It's not why I'm here. Maybe next time." Gotta go. Thanks."

"No, thank you."

He jumped out of my car. Once outside, he straightened himself out and dashed to his car. I saw his taillights in my rearview mirror.

I was sated. The whole experience was an exciting adventure. 

"How was your dinner?" my wife asked. 

"It was nice seeing him. He had some business propositions that could be interesting. We're going to meet again next week."