 I was attending a conference in Chicago. I am from Cleveland, OH and with the conference being that close I decided to drive instead of fly. That way I made mileage money and I would have my car there and not be stuck at the hotel like I usually am at these conferences. I am a married man, but it hasn't been a good marriage for quite awhile, so when I get the chance to go out of town, I like to make the most of it and see if I can get some action while out on the road.

Most of these conferences are the same, you are stuck at the Hotel for the whole day, and then unless you have a car there you are also stuck there all evening. And if you hang out at the bar in the Hotel, you will just be hanging out with people from the conference and everyone just wants to talk shop. How fucking boring.

So the first night I headed out in search of some more fun than what the Hotel had to offer. I like to drive around and look for the little out of the way bars. I found a small bar and when I walked in it was very dark. I found my way to the bar and ordered a beer. After I got the beer and my eyes adjusted, I looked around and noticed that all the people in the bar were men. Not a woman in sight.

Once I realized I was in a gay bar, my first thought was to get the hell out of there. I had never had gay sex in my life, and had no plans on starting having it tonight. I finished my beer and was about to head out when a conversation about Nascar came up and there were a lot of different opinions about the sport flying all around. I am a big Nascar fan and I was somewhat surprised to know that gays were into Nascar. So I stayed for the conversation. We argued about all the rule changes and how much they were fucking up Nascar with all the new shit they are doing. I had about 5 beers and wasn't feeling much pain. I don't drink a lot so it doesn't take a lot. I was about to leave when one of the guys asked me why I wasn't staying. I told him I was out of money, and my wife would see if I used the debit card at a bar for drinks. Didn't need that kind of pissing and moaning from her. He then offered to buy me a drink, so I accepted. I ended up having about 3 beers from him. He was sitting next to me at the bar and he reached over and placed his hand on my leg. I told him, "Hey, I'm not gay!" He left his hand on my leg and looked me in the eye and said, "You are in a gay bar, you let me buy you drinks, what are you, some kind of a cock tease?" I tried to explain that I was sorry but I didn't mean to come across as a cock tease. Hell, I had never been called a tease before in my life and it sounded kind of funny to me.

He then said that I was gay and that was why I was in here, and if I didn't think I was gay, he would be willing to prove to me that I am. Now I was kind of intrigued as to how he was going to prove I was gay. So I told him fine, prove that I am gay. He told me he lived in an apartment over the bar, let's go up there and he would prove it to me. At this point I was feeling no pain, and was looking forward to showing him that I wasn't gay and that I wasn't cock teasing him!

We went outside and up the stairs leading to his apartment. Once we got inside he said, "If you aren't gay, then nothing I could do to you should excite you, or give you an erection." I said yeah, that sounded about right.

He said, "Here are the rules, I can touch your body anywhere I want, but I am not allowed to touch your cock unless you get an erection. And if you get an erection I can't put my mouth on it unless you are leaking precum." I told him that sounded ok to me, and I was about to show him that I was ALL HETRO.

He stripped down to just his underwear. He was about 6'2" and maybe weighed about 175. He had a very muscular build and I could tell he worked out. He told me to stand in the middle of the room and he was allowed to do whatever he wanted based on the rules he had told me.

I was wearing a t-shirt and a pair of blue jeans. He walked up behind me and pulled the t-shirt over my head. He then reached his hands around me and started rubbing my chest. He then pinched both my nipples and gave them a little twisting motion. He pulled me back against him and I could feel his cock pressing up against the back of my jeans. He ran his hands all over my chest and then he got very close to my ear and whispered in my ear, "I am going to show you just how gay you are, and then I am going to have my way with that precious little ass of yours." While he was saying this, he took one hand and slid it down my chest, across my stomach and then let just the finger tips slide underneath the waist band of my jeans. He was rubbing his crotch back and forth across my ass and was really working his hands all over my chest and stomach. I then realized that I was starting to get hard. How could my body betray me like this. I tried to think of anything other than sex to get my hard on to go down, but despite how much I tried to get it to go down, all the work he was doing to me was making it get harder and harder.

He then took his right hand and undid the top of my jeans and pulled my zipper down. Then he moved back just a slight little bit and pulled my pants down. They fell to the floor and he reached around and placed his hand right over my crotch. He then whispered in my ear, "That sure feels like an erection to me, looks like your body doesn't agree with you about not being gay." He then took his hands and slipped each thumb into the waist band of my underwear and pulled them down. He knelt down behind me and pulled them all the way to the floor. He then told me to lift my feet so he could take them completely off. I did as I was told. He then faced me, standing off to my right side. He took his left hand and started rubbing it all over my ass and my lower back, he took his right hand and wrapped it around my cock. Fuck, how could my body be betraying me this. My cock was harder than it had been in quite a while. He gently was rubbing my cock and stroking my ass at the same time. He was driving me fucking nuts. It didn't take much rubbing on my cock before it was starting to drip precum. Once he saw that, he moved around in front of me and knelt down in front of me. He placed both hands on my ass and he pulled me towards him so that my cock slid right into his mouth. When he wrapped his lips around my cock he did something with his tongue (that my wife had NEVER done) that made me let out quite a load moan.

He then stood up and was looking at me face to face, he had a big grin and he said, "I think you lost your chance to prove to me how you are NOT gay." He took my hand and placed it on his cock and with his other hand, he placed it on the back of my neck and pulled my lips to his. My lips parted slightly and let his tongue find it's way into my mouth. My hand gripped his cock and without even realizing it, I was stroking his cock while we were kissing. He then put his hands on my shoulders and said, "You know you want to taste my cock, so kneel down and suck it." I didn't look him in the eye when he said it, I just looked down at his cock and nodded. He then pushed gently on my shoulders and I fell down to my knees and took his cock into my mouth. It felt quite good and I was actually enjoying it. He pumped his cock in and out of my mouth for a little while then he told me to stand up. He kissed me again and took me by the hand and let me into his bedroom. I laid down on the bed he moved around and laid down so that we were in a 69 position. We sucked on each other's cocks and it didn't take too long and I felt my cock starting to tighten up. I told him I was about to cum thinking he would pull his mouth away (like my wife always did) but instead he put his hands on my ass and pulled my cock as deep into his mouth as possible. I tightened up and pumped quite a load of cum into his mouth. Once I was done cumming, he came up and placed his lips on mine and gave me quite a kiss. A lot of the cum was still on his tongue as he placed that into my mouth. I had never tasted cum before but I didn't mind the taste of it at all.

When I finally regained my breathing, he looked at me and told me that it was my turn to finish his cock off. He moved up and placed his cock back in my mouth and he proceeded to fuck my mouth with his cock. It didn't take long before he was ready to bust a nut also. I wrapped my lips tightly around his cock as he started to tighten up and jerk slightly as he was cumming. I cupped his balls in my hand as I pumped the last drop into my mouth. I didn't want to kiss him and let him have any of his cum, I wanted to swallow it all. Once I swallowed all he had to give me, I took my hand and I milked his cock to get that last little drop out of it. I took my tongue and flicked it across his cock to get every little bit of it I could have.

We laid there on the bed for a few more minutes and he laughed and said, "Yeah, you're right, you're NOT GAY!!!!!!!!!!"

I headed back to the Hotel for the rest of the conference. I stayed in my Hotel room that night, but I gathered up my clothes and headed over to his place the next night, when he introduced me to anal sex, but hey, that's another story!!!!!!!!