 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

"This band is awesome."

Nolan leaned over and gave his girlfriend, Kristy, a quick kiss. Raising his voice over the music coming from the speakers and the noise of the crowd around them, he responded, "They are. I'm glad you're having fun."

They were at an outdoor music festival along with Nolan's twin brother, Nick, his girlfriend, Leann, and the twins' older brother, Mike, who had brought his girlfriend, Tina. It was a four-day event over a long weekend and they were on day two after arriving an additional two days before it began.

The crowd surged around the group pushing everyone against each other as they moved erratically to the music. Even though the twins were an athletic six feet two inches tall and were able to keep their feet planted better than most, their bodies shifted unwillingly along with everyone else. Nolan's sweaty, rippled bare chest rubbed against his brother's equally bare and tight back in front of him and he felt Nick press back into him to steady himself. As unknown feet kicked at and stepped on his, he was thankful that he and Nick had worn their kilts and boots. The thick footwear protected their feet from damage, and though their lean bodies dripped with sweat from the heat of the afternoon and the heat of the crowd around them, being topless with the airflow between their legs made them more comfortable than they otherwise would have been.

Nolan felt Nick press back against him again, though this time it had nothing to do with the movement of the crowd around them. His cock stirred slightly from the stimulation reminding him that it had been nearly a week since he'd had sex. Though he knew his brothers would gladly allow him some time alone with Kristy in the large tent they were sharing, Kristy would not go for it. She wasn't exactly a prude but she didn't like other people knowing what they were doing and when they were doing it.

Mike, standing on the other side of Nolan from Kristy, put a sweaty arm around his shoulder and urged him to begin singing along to the refrain of the current song. They swayed to the music for a few minutes as their voices were joined by others around them.

Though Nolan appeared focused on the music, his mind and cock only registered the pressure and motion of being rubbed against Nick's ass. The spicy, musky smell of Nick's sweaty body in front of him didn't help, nor did the occasional teasing of his nipples by Nick's back. His eyes roamed appreciatively over what he could see of his twin's body knowing that his was mostly identical. They both had tight, practically hairless bodies from years of swimming but Nick had opted to adorn each of his arms with a sleeve of colorful tattoos while Nolan had a few random designs on his legs. Their angular faces held the same pair of deep brown eyes but Nolan's stood out more under his wavy mane of shoulder-length blonde hair while Nick's head was shaved bare. As Nolan's crotch continued to kiss his brother's ass, Nick's sweaty body reminded him of how his twin looked whenever they spent some time alone together.

When the song ended and Mike released him, Nolan felt Nick press against him again. A soft moan escaped him as his brother continued to hump back onto his swelling dick with obvious intent. His dick wasted no time in firming completely and he resisted the urge to press forward in response. He placed a hand on Nick's hip to stop him but his brother ignored the way his fingers dug into his flesh.

"Dude," he whispered harshly into Nick's ear as the next song began. "You gotta stop that shit or I might blow my load all over your ass."

With his own voice covered by the music, Nick leaned back to say against the side of his brother's head, "You should put it up my ass instead. Then after you bust your nut we can swap places. Leann isn't going to give me any until we get home and I'm horny as hell."

"You know this is a bad idea, right?" Even as he asked the question, Nolan used the hand closest to Mike to grab the back of Nick's camouflage pattered kilt and the front of his black one. As slowly as possible to not draw any attention, he walked the fabric between his fingers together in order raise their kilts.

Nick whispered back, "I didn't say it was a good one. But your dick seems to think it is."

"And your ass seems to agree with it," Nolan responded upon feeling Nick press back against him.

Nolan was surprised by how easy it was to move their kilts out of the way without drawing the attention of either Mike or the other concertgoers around them. Once unrestrained by the heavy cloth, his cock sprang up to rest between Nick's legs. His brother flexed his thighs, massaging his already hard cock and making it even harder. With a shallow humping motion, he thrust his dick between the tight muscles enjoying the sensation. After only a few thrusts, he could feel Nick's legs becoming slick with his precum and stifled a moan in response to the wetness around him.

"Those guys were awesome," Mike said as the band finished their set and left the stage.

Nick turned his head to agree. "They were. I'm gonna see if I can download some of their stuff when we get home."

"Let me know if you find anything," Kristy chimed in around the twins' bodies. "I wouldn't mind getting a few songs."

"Me, too," Tina chimed in. To Mike, she added, "You've got such great taste in music. Thanks for bringing me."

While the group talked, Nolan continued to slide his dick between his brother's legs undiscovered. It offered some satisfaction but it was doing nothing for him other than making his need more acute.

"Do you know anything about this group?" Leann asked from her place in front of Nick as a new band walked out onto the stage.

"No," Mike answered. "But I've seen the band after this one a few times."

Leann said something else but it was drowned out by the music starting.

The crowd surged again, pushing Nolan harder against Nick.

"Stop fucking teasing me and get in there," Nick hissed over his shoulder.

"Gimme a sec," Nolan responded curtly. "Gotta make sure no one's looking."

It wasn't until the second song began to play that Nolan had his chance. Mike, Tina, and Kristy were focused wholly on the stage and none of the other people around them appeared to be paying them any attention either. Pulling back while bending his legs slightly, Nolan dragged the tip of his dick along the bottom of Nick's ass until it was able to slide up into the crack. He adjusted the angle of his hips trying to locate Nick's entrance and felt Nick do the same to assist. Upon finding the puckered opening, he pushed forward gently. With only the precum seeping out of him for lube, he began to hump against the tight hole for a few moments not trying to enter but working to deposit as much of the fluid on his brother's entrance as possible. His plan was interrupted when the crowd surged, pushing his blunt crown into Nick's unprepared ass. He heard his brother let out a pained whimper followed by a grunt in response and held as still as he could.

"Fuck," Nick said through gritted teeth. Glancing around, he was thankful that the sound didn't carry far.

Nolan held still with only his cock head lodged in his brother's asshole. "Sorry. Didn't mean to do it so hard."

"It's cool." Nick said between calming breaths. "Keep going."

"You sure? I'm still pretty dry."

"Wouldn't be the first time. I can take it."

"Okay." Nolan pushed forward a little more sliding some of his length into his brother's ass. After pausing for a moment, he pulled back and felt more than heard Nick grunt when the ridge of his crown pulled at the tight ring as it exited before pushing forward again to drive more of his length into Nick. With a gentle rocking motion, he took his time feeding his dick into his brother using the motion of the bodies around them to help cover his thrusts. Finally buried as deep as he could get with the fabric bunched up between them, he held still and let out a soft sigh of relief.

"I can't believe you actually did it," Nick whispered back to him.

"Neither can I. And it's kinda fucking hot."

"Yeah, it is."

Nolan held back a moan upon feeling Nick's ring spasm around him. He continued to remain as motionless as possible to allow Nick to get accustomed to him. However, the shifting of the crowd kept them moving slightly as they were driven against each other and repositioned their feet to maintain their balance.

Feeling his brother's warmth surrounding him, Nolan felt both relief and need. It was great to finally have his cock in something but the fact that he was not yet actively fucking made his dick twitch and jerk with anticipation. It was compounded by the fact that Nick's asshole continually contracted around him. Mostly an unintentional flutter caused by Nick's body adjusting to the intrusion, he was occasionally squeezed tighter whenever Nick moved his feet.

"They're not too bad," Mike yelled to no one in particular over the music and the noise of the crowd. "I'm gonna have to find out more about them."

Nick turned his head and responded with a voice that was tight from the discomfort of penetration, "They are pretty good.

Seeing that his brother's eyes were slightly reddened and watery, Mike asked, "You okay?"

"Yeah. Somebody kicked my leg is all. I'm fine."

Mike nodded and returned his attention to the stage.

When the crowd shifted around them a few moments later, Nolan bent his knees slightly and rolled his hips away from his brother's. Now repositioned, he was able to thrust up into Nick's ass slowly with the barest of noticeable motion. It wasn't exactly what he wanted but the slow motion was better than nothing.

As he fucked his brother through the rest of the band's set, he felt his brother's ass loosen even further around him. Instead of the tight, focused grip with which Nick's ring initially held him, it became more supple, blending with the warm passage inside. It fit around him like a perfect pair of jeans, holding him snugly and comfortably and molded to every ripple and bump of his hardness. It was a much different feel from what he was used to but no less satisfying and he began to think he should have listened to Nick when he occasionally suggested that he take his time as Nick usually did when fucking him.

"They put on a good show but I didn't like their songs," Leann said as she turned to the group after the band finished. "They all sounded the same."

Mike shook his head. "I liked them. They had so much energy."

"But none of that made it into the music," Kristy, said agreeing with Leann.

Mike rolled his eyes. "You're just sticking up for her."

"Mike's right," Tina chimed in. "They were pretty cool."

While the others continued to argue, Nolan continued to thrust into his brother gently. His hand had fallen away from holding his brother's hip but when the crowd shifted around them, he brought it back up to steady them both. At the same time, the unexpected thrust made Nick grunt from some slight discomfort.

"You sure you're okay?" Mike asked having heard the sound.

Nolan stopped moving as the groups eyes turned to his brother.

"I'm fine. Just another kick."

Nolan saw Mike give Nick a skeptical look before his eyes lowered to look at the two of them standing so close together. A brief expression of understanding crossed his face that, thankfully, no one else saw as someone accidentally knocked against Kristy drawing the group's attention. As they were making sure she was okay, the next band started playing and the girls turned their focus back to the stage.

When the girls were no longer paying attention to them, Mike leaned over to ask his brothers, "Are you two doing what I think you're doing?"

"What are you talking about?" Nick asked while Nolan answered, "I'm watching the show."

Mike glanced down to where Nolan had his hand on his twin's hip and was pressed too closely against his brother's ass. After appraising the bunched up fabric between them and finally seeing that Nick's ass was practically exposed, he narrowed his eyes and asked Nolan in a harsh whisper, "Are you fucking Nick?"

"Yeah," Nolan said after a moment with some embarrassment at being caught. A cold pit had been sitting in his gut since Mike had glanced at them and it grew even larger under their older brother's questioning. However, he relaxed slightly upon seeing a smile spread across Mike's face.

"No, shit? Eww," Mike added with a chuckle. "You guys are fucking sick. I always wondered if the two of you were messing around. Y'all have always been a little too close, and not just in the way twins are close."

"You're not gonna tell anyone, are you?" Nolan asked, cutting his eyes toward Kristy.

"Hell, no. While it's not my thing, it is kinda hot that you're doing it here. What you guys do is your business. I don't give a damn if you're a pair of perverts, you nasty fucks."

"Cool," Nick said while Nolan took that as his cue to resume thrusting into his brother's ass.

Mike watched for a moment then shook his head slowly in disbelief. "You guys have got some fucking balls."

With the new band going through their set, Nolan continued his slow fuck. Knowing that Mike was aware of what they were doing enhanced his arousal and made his cock feel even harder and more sensitive. Combined with the fact that they were, indeed, fucking in the middle of a crowd with their girlfriends next to them, he could feel himself getting progressively closer to his urgently needed release.

"Shit," Nolan said as the crowd shifted and someone bumped into him. Instinctively, he pulled back to steady himself. As he did, Nick took a step forward and a portion of his cock became exposed stretching between their raised kilts. As he quickly pushed back into Nick, he glanced over and saw Kristy staring at his crotch with her mouth hanging open.

"Are you—"

"Shh," Nolan hissed, cutting her off. "Just be cool."

"Be cool? Are you shitting me?"

Nolan glanced around and was thankful that only a few people had looked their way in response to Kristy's outburst. "Look, we can talk about this later but right now, you gotta calm down. What do you think will happen if we get caught fucking? At the very least we'll get thrown out of here. Either way, it's not going to end well."

Kristy glared at her boyfriend but understood what he was saying. While there were probably a number of people who would not care and she hated to judge people by their appearance or the music they listened to, the crowd at this metal music festival was definitely not a crowd that could be considered friendly and open-minded about what was happening. Lowering her voice to a whisper, she asked angrily, "How long have you two been fucking?"

"For longer than I've known you," Nolan said honestly. He remained motionless inside his brother, uncertain that removing himself and displaying the tent his erection would make in the kilt would be better under the circumstances. "We hookup whenever we can't get any pussy. Not saying this is your fault or anything."

"I know it's not my fault you can't wait a few days."

Nolan rolled his eyes. "That's not what I meant. I'm just saying, sometimes we fuck to help each other out and it doesn't mean anything other than we need to bust a nut. That's what this is. You and Leann don't want to fuck while we're here and that's cool. But our balls are full and we would rather fuck each other than our hands."

Kristy rolled her eyes and let out a frustrated breath. "I don't believe fucking your brother is normal for you."

Figuring there was nothing left to hide, Nolan began to move his hips shallowly against his brother giving in to his throbbing dick. "Look, it is what it is. I love you but Nick's my brother, my twin. I'm not saying I'd choose him over you but you gotta understand we have a really close relationship."

"I'd say too close," Kristy muttered.

Seeing the lingering anger on her face, Nolan continued to worry about what she might do. However, as they were shifted by the crowd, his eyes glanced downward to her chest. He could see the points of her hard nipples against her t-shirt. It was a sign that she was aroused despite her words. Taking a chance, he wrapped the arm that wasn't holding his brother around her waist and pulled her close, somewhat surprised that she didn't resist. He leaned into her and gave her a deep kiss that was returned. "You okay with this?"

"I'm thinking about it," she said grudgingly.

"Cool."

"You are the fucking luckiest man in the world," Mike whispered into his ear on the other side. "Your girlfriend just caught you fucking your brother and she's standing there watching you do it. Just...damn." He caught Kristy glaring at him and raised an eyebrow in question.

"Did you know about this?" she asked, speaking in the space between Nolan's chest and Nick's back.

Mike shook his head. "I found out about five minutes before you did."

Curious about what Mike was saying to the others, Tina leaned around her boyfriend and saw Nolan thrusting against Nick, obviously fucking him. "Is he fucking Nick?"

Mike whipped his head around to her but saw some of the people near her looking at their group with smirks on their faces. "Shh. Let it go."

"But that's his brother. Those are your brothers."

Mike shrugged. "So?"

"You're okay with it?"

"They're not fucking me so why should I care? Why do you?"

"Because it's disgusting." Tina made a face. "I didn't know they were fags."

Mike's face twisted with a mix of loathing and full on anger. "Those are my brothers. Whether they're gay or not, you will not disrespect them like that. I may not understand or want to participate in what they're doing, but if they want to suck each other's dicks up on the stage for everyone to see, I'll fucking cheer them on."

Having forgotten where they were, he and the twins were slightly surprised by the smattering of applause and cheers that went up around them in response to Mike's words.

Hearing the commotion around them that had nothing to do with the concert, Leann turned her head to ask over her shoulder, "What's going— What the hell? You guys are not doing this here."

Kristy gave her a look. "You know about them fucking?"

"You didn't?"

"No! Why would I?"

Leann shrugged. "I just thought you did. We've had a few threesomes and they've fucked each other with me there. Before he met you," she added quickly upon seeing anger flash across Kristy's face.

Kristy pursed her lips but didn't pull away from Nolan. "I don't believe this."

Nick let out a sound of frustration. "Now that everyone knows that he's fucking me, will you all shut up and let him get his nut so I can fuck his ass next? Please?"

Mike laughed at his brother's seriousness while Kristy made a face.

"He's going to fuck you?" she asked Nolan.

"Yeah," he answered as he began to move his hips faster. No longer concerned with being discrete, he focused more on his pleasure. "It's only fair."

Kristy bit her bottom lip, unsure of how she felt or what to say.

"You guys are fucking crazy," Mike said as he placed an arm around Nolan's shoulder. "Go ahead, bro. Fuck his ass. Bust that nut."

As if he had been waiting for permission, Nolan adjusted his stance and began to fuck his brother with greater urgency.

"This is crazy," Tina said with disgust in her tone. "I'm not going to stay here and watch this."

Mike didn't look her way as Tina pushed her way through the crowd. "Bye, bitch."

"I hate to admit this," Kristy muttered while still being held, "but that is kinda hot."

Nolan leaned over and pressed a kiss to her lips. He pulled back slightly to ask, "You're a closet kinky slut, aren't you?"

"I'm not the one fucking my brother in the middle of a concert," she tossed back playfully.
