 This story is split into to two parts because the sections need to be posted in different categories. The first part describes how a middle aged married man enjoyed out of character but enthusiastic gay sex with a younger man. The concluding part I intend to post in Loving Wives because it deals with the aftermath when his wife finds out. 

 *

My name is Alan Martin, I am 49 years old and must admit that I probably look my age. I have reached the stage where I do not want to try too hard and am happy to sink into a lethargic life style. For the last twenty years I have been married to Helen and it is she who keeps me on my toes. A decade my junior Helen looks more than ten years younger than that and is also a seriously sexy lady. She is exceptionally attractive with a body to dream about -- but I shall not say more because she does not figure in my story. The only pertinent fact is that I am pretty certain that she has always used her extensive sexual talents exclusively for my benefit, which makes what happened to me incongruous to say the least.

I have worked in computers for over twenty-five years and have developed my own area of speciality in which I am the acknowledged expert. I went on of lots of courses in my early years but for some time have avoided new training, not wanting to be apart from Helen -- and frankly because I could no longer be bothered. The trouble is that the whiz kids have come along with their new techniques and languages, and the things I am good at are becoming less and less in demand.

Realising that I needed to make an effort, I deigned to peruse a list of available courses, which had already been kicking round the office for a good two weeks. To my surprise there was a one week course on a subject for which I had already a good grounding and this was an easy chance to prove that I could still go with the flow. To prevent myself from forgetting about it, I went straight along to the personnel department and asked to be put down for the course. I must point that I work for a large organisation which runs courses 'in house' at their own hotel in the south. The ensuing telephone enquiry on my behalf, gained the information that I was lucky in that there was still the one place waiting to be filled.

That night, Helen was surprised about the course but fully understood the reason that I needed to attend. Next day, in the middle of the morning, I had an agitated request to go back to personnel and there I was told that my place had been double booked and that the other persons request had preceded mine. All was not lost because it was accommodation that was the problem and my rival had been given one of the few double rooms in the hotel. So -- if we were both prepared to share then I could still go on the course. I consented immediately and then had a tense couple of hours waiting to hear if the other chap was also agreeable.

It was an unseasonably hot June Sunday that I travelled down on the train. By the time that I had made my way to the hotel from the station, booked in and unpacked, I was feeling both very sticky and more than a little weary. Intending just to take a half hour rest, I stripped to trousers and unbuttoned shirt and lay on the bed reading the Sunday newspaper that I had acquired in the lobby. After twenty minutes my roommate put in an appearance. He looked in his late thirties, quite good looking with tight curly blonde hair.

He walked straight over to me with his hand outstretched and said, "Hi, I'm Dave." Then before I could tell him my name he continued, "Why haven't you got the air conditioning on -- it's like a Turkish bath in here?"

"I tried. The damn thing is on the blink - reception have promised to send someone to fix it," I reported.

"Shit, I am going to be just a lump of grease if I don't get this kit off," he cursed and forthwith denuded himself of every scrap of clothing.

Now I am a naturally shy person and in any state of undress, I will automatically turn to face the nearest wall, no matter what the company. My companion had no such inhibitions, for he padded about happily unpacking as if nakedness was the most natural state in the world. Rather fascinated, I surreptitiously watched while pretending to be engrossed in the newspaper.

Now although, my face is no longer youthful, physically I am not in too bad shape, largely because Helen and I like to do a lot of countryside walking most weekends. I was however, not a patch on this chap. His body was lightly tanned, (all over), and his muscles were nicely taut and toned as if he worked out -- or played squash I surmised thinking that I recognised the type.

I have to admit that I also looked at his dick. This was pure curiosity because all my life I had never seen another besides my own. There must have been times at school in the showers when I had been in the company of naked males but I have absolutely no recollection from then. From what I could see, his prick was bigger than mine and in a way looked neater -- rather Greek god like, as portrayed on statues. Feeling that he was aware of my scrutiny, I concentrated on the newspaper and was startled to sense him by the side of my bed. Glancing sideways I was confronted with his penis in front of my eyes, resting in a nest of curly light coloured hair very like that on his head. Women's bodies have always attracted me so much that I often thought men gained most from the opposite sexes visual appeal but now I could suddenly see what women got out of the deal.

Dragging my eyes upward, I found that he was holding an open packet of cigarettes towards me. "I don't thank you," I said but then, feeling rather embarrassed I pointed to a partly concealed magazine lying on his bed I asked, "Is that what I think it is?" 

"Yes it is and a good one," he grinned. "I am glad to see that you're a man after my own heart." With that he flicked it across to me.

It was as I thought a pornographic magazine but I was in for a disappointment because I had already seen the damn thing. Considering the thousands of such magazines in circulation, I wondered what the odds were of coming across the same one in places over 100 miles apart.

I still looked through it and gained enjoyment but would have become engrossed for longer if the pictures had been new. Dave had unpacked a short, thigh length towelling bath robe, slipped it on and was spending some time seeing if he could have better luck with the air conditioning. Finishing the magazine, I called out, "I don't suppose that you have got another of these."

"I have," he called back, "but I am not sure if it will be to your taste."

I laughed. "It takes a lot to shock me. What is it -- really kinky?"

"No just gay."

"Dig it out. I might as well learn how the other half lives," I said with a touch of bravado. It was rather disappointing that it was not bestiality or something like that but I seemed to be suddenly in the kind of mood where anything sexual was worth looking at.

I have already said that I had previously read the first magazine but that does not explain why the second aroused me so much more. There were several series of pictures set in different locations with most featuring three males, mostly on the young side but some including an older man. There were six, four or two pictures per page. The first set had three naked youths in a kitchen sucking each other's stiff dicks if different combinations and the second was situated in a cinema with one youth bent over the seat sucking off a second while being anally fucked by a father figure. The opening picture of the third series showed two young men doing sixty-nine but then interrupted to answer the knock of the mailman, who then enters the scene. Very soon one guy had the newcomer's cock out and the series continued with the mailman now stripped and joining enthusiastically in the oral activities. The set finished with one lad fucking the other with him in turn being stuck up the mail delivery man bending over in front of him I was rather glad that the magazine resting across my lap concealed the effect that viewing these male only activities was having on me. Dave, having abandoned the air conditioning unit, wandered across to the side of my bed and stood looking down as I slowly turned the pages. As I passed the half way mark, he half perched on the right side of the bed saying, "There is a really good one coming up."

Soon after, the whole left hand page was taken up by one picture. It showed a youth lying naked on his stomach with head looking up towards the camera. Between his legs there was an older man who very obviously had his cock hard up inside the younger man's anus. The youth's face was contorted in what could have been either ecstasy or agony. "Who says that they don't like it up em?" Dave laughed, reaching past me to tap the picture.

I glanced sideways to join in the laughter and froze because my companions reaching movement had caused the front of his robe to fall apart, exposing a very erect penis. My first reaction was to look up at Dave's face expecting him to give an embarrassed laugh and quickly cover himself. Instead he looked at me with a funny kind of half smile on his face but apart from that did not move. My eyes fell back to his cock. It was beautiful. A good seven to eight inches in length (possibly slightly longer), thick, symmetrical and looking so perfect. The head had a dark reddish tinge and there was a sheen on the tight skin. For a long long moment that seemed to last forever, we formed a frozen tableau but then, acting of its own volition, in slow motion my hand reached out and I watched my fingers close round the shaft.

It felt hot, alive and vibrant causing a thrill to run right down my arm. For some time I was content just to hold it like that, feeling the pulses throbbing beneath my fingers but then I began to slowly move my hand up and down in a caressing motion. A glistening globule of pre-cum oozed out of his slit. I was holding his dick in a perpendicular position and gradually the globule grew until it looked like a hemispherical glowing gem balanced on the end of the prick. I was fascinated by it and was idly wondering in which direction it would run when Dave said softly, "The nectar of the God's."

With that thought in mind, I could not let it run and risk losing one drop of the precious fluid. Leaning forward I scooped it up with the tip of my tongue. That sweet man dew was indeed nectar. It inflamed my brain. I wanted more -- so much more. Taking his cock into my mouth I attempted to drain it from the source. I was aware of a slightly sweaty male smell from the area of his groin -- where before I would have found it revolting now it seemed the most heady aroma that I had ever experienced. 

After a while the madness eased and I was able to think about what I was doing. It seemed so natural -- so right. It was crazy -- for almost half a century no non-heterosexual thought had ever crossed my mind and yet suddenly I was happily sucking the penis of a man that I had met less than an hour before. The tip of my tongue found his slit and started to explore it with a slight extra stiffening of his whole penis showed that he liked it. I kept returning to that small activity, enjoying the effect that I could cause. A couple of times I removed the whole cock from my mouth to lick slowly round the rim but both times the sight of that big bulbous head, glistening with the mixed sheen of saliva and cum-juice, caused me to take it hungrily back in my mouth again.

I knew when he was going to cum. A little before the climax, Dave's breathing changed and he rested his hand lightly on my head. There was no thought of pulling my head away - I wanted what was to come straight from his body into my throat. Immediately before the moment, his cock stiffened and seemed to swell in my mouth. And then I was madly swallowing, my mouth was overflowing with cum and more seemed to be pumping out of him every second. On the basis that the other was nectar then this had to be the elixir of life. I have no memory of the taste or texture that first time, my only awareness being the effect that it had on me. If drug addicts get a similar high from their hits then I can now well understand addiction.

Eventually I lay back on the bed with my eyes closed. I was floating, in limbo, almost on the verge of passing out and I knew that I was breathing heavily as if hyperventilating. Dave's hands were stroking, calming me. Then I felt his lips and teeth on one of my nipples and fingers nipping the other. New tremors triggered through me. It was the first time I realised that male nipples were capable of sexual excitement. One sensation seemed to follow another. My jaw hung open and I heard myself moaning. Then suddenly, his tongue was in my mouth, urgent, probing and it took me over the top. Shudder after shudder wracked through my body and in that moment of new experience, I felt myself shooting my own load of spunk into the confines of my pants.

I slowly opened my eyes and found Dave smiling at me. "Welcome aboard," he said.

Although I smiled back I could think of nothing to say. What could I say -- 'How was it for you?' I had never visualised myself in a situation like this.

He gave me a nudge. "Come on. We need to take a shower -- especially you I think."

"You go first," I told him. I wanted to just lie and think -- and relive the experience in my mind. 

"Nonsense. It is a nice big shower -- we can both fit in together."

Reluctantly, I started to comply but on noticing that his prick was stiff again, I made a grab for it hoping more of that lovely stuff would be on tap.

He avoided me laughing. "Don't be greedy," he chided. "You can have all of that you want -- but later."

In the shower we mucked about, soaping each other and laughing. I had often done this with Helen, never dreaming it could be just as much fun with a man. We reached a position where he stood behind me, reaching round to build up a lather on my nipples and I could feel his hard stiff cock digging into me. Suddenly I had a desperate craving for something that I had never had. I wanted to be the youth in the picture. Reaching back, I found his penis was slippery with soap, so I grabbed hold and tried to ram it into me.

Dave stopped me. "That is silly," he said. "Never use soap as lube -- it will make you terribly sore. It could put you out of action for the whole week and that would never do. If that's what you want, then we will do it slowly and properly - remember we have got all night. Right now, we will go to the restaurant and grab something to eat then find the other blokes on the course before they come looking for us."

During the eating of a very pleasant meal and immediately afterwards, we identified our seven fellow course students for the week. Four of them were the usual whiz-kids, early twenties, brash, overconfident and with accelerated promotion written all over them. Three worked together at the same division of the organisation and the fourth had graduated with them at university -- so they formed a ready-made clique. Two of the others were older men in their sixties, from high level management and were on the course to gain the credit not the knowledge -- it possibly also enhanced their pensions.

The seventh was the odd one out. Called Chris, he was early thirties and very tall, (possibly around 6' 6"), and he was also very thin. It did not take me long to realise that I disliked him intensely. It was his manner that irritated me. He possibly thought that his obsequiousness was being friendly but I felt that he was constantly trying to ingratiate himself. Most people have an instinct about invading another's personal space but to Chris this was a foreign concept -- so I always felt crowded whenever he managed to engage me in conversation.

After the meal, all nine of us retired to the bar and got to know each other. By ten o'clock, I felt that civilities had been satisfied allowing us to go back to our room. Needless to say, I was more than a little eager. It was eleven (when the bar closed), before everyone broke up and the frustrating part was - Dave was the one who had kept the evening going. When we were alone, I remonstrated with him about this.

"We have got to be careful," he warned. "Never appear too eager to get off alone together -- and it might be an idea, when the course splits into project groups, never to get on the same team as each other." 

I was hoping to just lie on one of the beds with him and get to it but Dave was far more laid back (or realistic) about it. That was fine for a quickie he said but all night in the heat without air conditioning was liable to get far too sweaty. We did try pushing the beds together but they seemed to be bolted in some way to the floor. However, on inspiration and after some struggle, we found that the mattresses were removable and rather fortuitously fitted exactly, side by side, in the space between the two bed bases. Then we lay down together.

I started sucking him again - because he was very stiff and it was there. I had intended this as just a preamble to the main event but he came in my mouth very quickly. This was again very enjoyable although it did not have the same devastating effect on me as before but I was also rather disappointed, thinking this would mean a long delay before he would be ready again to introduce Fagin to me. I was to find that he had the most amazing power of recovery and the ability to cum time and time again with little decrease in his resilience.

He got me lying face down with my hips resting on a pillow and after initial caresses started applying KY Jelly to my anus. Gradually he worked one, two and then three fingers inside me. At first this felt strange and uncomfortable but quickly developed into an extremely pleasant sensation and I became eager for the real thing. By this time he was more than ready to perform and positioned himself between my legs. I cannot say that it didn't hurt because initially there was an excruciating feeling of pain but the sensation that gradually replaced it was incredible. I very quickly decided that I loved being fucked. At first he took it slowly, allowing me to acclimatise to having him inside me but very soon I was urging him on with cries of, faster, harder, deeper.

That night we did it over and over again in many different positions but then it was like that whenever we were alone together. In that short time I had become totally besotted by his wonderful cock and I had an image of it in my mind every waking minute. It is difficult in retrospect to differentiate that night from the many times later in the week. I rather liked Dave lying flat on his back while I crouched above him and willingly impaled myself on his erect pole. The favourite was lying relaxed, face to face, with him inside me and his hard demanding tongue probing in my mouth. At his suggestion, I licked his arse and wiggled my tongue inside him. I grew to love doing this small service for him because the heavy musky aroma made me delirious and the knowledge of what I was doing was incredibly arousing. A bonus was that afterwards, his prick seemed even longer and thicker than usual. That first night, I think that he screwed me sometime after I had fallen asleep -- it was either that or I had a most delightful dream.

In the morning, I awoke and found him lying with a sheet draped loosely across his torso but with lower quarters exposed. Taking advantage, I sucked him erect and went on to have an early drink and so established a regular morning ritual. Then it was a matter of restoring the two beds to how they were supposed to be and going downstairs to the restaurant for the official breakfast.

The course started and I found it interesting. A constant irritant was Chris who wandered from desk to desk asking questions but seeming to hover more around me than the others. He had a most annoying habit of crouching by the side of the desk, back straight and looking exactly a preying mantis. Over the years I have learned to overlook surface mannerisms and not to go on first appearances but this principle did not work with Chris -- the man made me cringe. After we had taken a quick lunch, with just over half an hour before the course resumed, I whispered to Dave, "Let's go to the room for a quickie." I really wanted it badly. My rectum ached with the need to have him inside me and I thought even a few minutes might ease the craving. My lover quickly indicated his willingness to oblige but at the stairs, Chris collared us.
