 I met Joe at the first night of the conference. There was food served in the exhibit hall, and Joe and I shared one of those small tables that is only big enough for two. It was one of those events where servers wander through the crowd with small appetizers. As a result, we didn't have to get up and move around, so we sat chatting for about an hour. 

After chatting for a bit, we learned that, although we were from different parts of the country, we had a lot in common: we were both married with teenage children -- he had three boys, and I had a boy and a girl -- we were of a similar age and of course we were in the same line of work, hence the both of us being at the conference. (I don't want to say what line of work we're in, or even what city the conference was in -- I just can't stand the thought of anyone I know reading this and thinking that it might be me.) Oh -- and we also seemed to share the same taste in women: there were more than a few attractive and well-dressed women at the conference, and we enjoyed pointing them out to each other and making some quiet, suggestive remarks and jokes to each other.

The evening wore down; we parted company and I made my way back to my hotel room, to do what I often do when I'm travelling: get naked, surf porn on my laptop, and jerk off. I did all three of those things, and, since I like to get up early, had an early night of it and went to bed.

The next morning, I put on shorts and a t-shirt, and headed down to the fitness centre in the hotel. It was quite early -- about 5 am, and I didn't expect there to be too many people there working out. As I entered the room, there was Joe, just getting on the treadmill.

"Hey, good morning" I said. "I see you like the early morning workout too."

Joe smiled back at me. "Yeah," he said. "I like to earn my breakfast first. Then I can reward myself."

I smiled to myself at that. When I`m travelling, I too like to earn things in the morning -- I tell myself that after my workout, I can reward myself with a nice jerkoff session. I do whatever I can to keep me motivated for my personal fitness program. I hopped on the treadmill beside Joe.

We didn't say much to each other during the workout. We both appeared to be running at similar intensities, and we both worked up a good sweat. We had both set our timers for 30 minutes, so we both started our cool downs at about the same time too. We exchanged some more small talk as we grabbed some water from the cooler, and then headed out, back to our rooms.

In the hallway, Joe reached for the elevator button.

"Hold on there," I said. "We have to take the stairs. Taking the elevator after a workout just isn't right."

Joe looked at me. "What floor are you on?" He asked me.

"Twenty two," I replied. "What floor are you on?"

"Eighteen." He paused, looking at me. "Okay, let's go."

With that we went to the other side of the hallway, and started up the stairs. We were walking, not running, and it really wasn't that hard -- just a bit more of a cool down really.

"Do you always take the stairs after a workout?" Joe asked me.

"Usually," I replied. "I think I've gone as high as 28 floors. But it's not as bad as it sounds. Usually, there's no 13th floor." I gave Joe a bit of a grin with that.

"Uh huh. So do you go through another 30 minute workout when you get back to your room? A hundred situps, perhaps?" Joe teased back at me.

I smiled at that. "Well, usually I take a break in front of my laptop, surfing the web, stuff like that."

"You don't start doing work, do you?" Joe asked.

"No," I answered. "It's all me time." I couldn't help smiling again. I was already looking forward to jacking off in front of some fresh porn.

"Oh," Joe replied. "Me time. I suppose that means surfing porn."

I turned to face Joe. He was smiling, but then turned away, looking embarrassed. He sped up a little bit on the stairs, to get ahead of me, by just one step. We were at 12.

Since that was exactly what I meant, I couldn't be mad. I gave a chuckle. "Well, OK, I admit it. When I'm on the road, all alone in my room, with some time on my hands... yeah, I plan to find some fresh porn. And play with myself." Shit, I thought. I can't believe I just told a guy that I'm planning to start jerking off in less than five minutes.

Joe stopped on the stairs and looked back at me. I stopped too. We looked at each other; this time I turned away and moved ahead of him. 

"Yeah," I heard Joe say behind me. "That's what I'm planning on doing too."

I turned back to face him. Joe was grinning as we kept going up the stairs. At the 16th floor now I noticed. I grinned back at him. "It's not so unusual, is it?" I asked. "But it seems a little weird to admit it."

Seventeen now. One more floor to Joe's room. "Hell," Joe said, "I usually don't even tell my wife about when I jerk off." 

"Me neither" I said. "It's strange, isn't it? I love it when she tells me about playing with herself. And she doesn't have a problem with me jerking off... I even do it in front of her once in a while. I don't know."

We were at 18 now. Joe's floor. He pulled the door open. "Well," he said, "here's where I get off." He stopped, and looked embarrassed again. "I mean..." he started.

I laughed. "I know exactly what you meant."

"Uh," he said, "... do you want to come in for a coffee... maybe we can ... I don't know ... share some of our favourite sites or something..." Joe looked embarrassed again. "Never mind," he said, turning to go into the hallway.

"Sure," I said. "I'd love a cup of that fabulous in-room complimentary coffee."

"Great," said Joe. And with that he led the way down the hallway to his room. Joe used his keycard to open the room. We entered the room -- it looked just like mine, complete with a laptop open at the desk. Joe tended to the coffee machine, and I went over to his laptop.

"Do you mind?" I asked, pointing to his laptop.

"No, go ahead" he said. "Bring up some of your favourite porn." We were obviously starting to get comfortable with the idea of two guys watching porn together.

I did just that. I brought up a site that was based on amateur, user-submitted sites. Joe, having started the coffee, came up behind me and looked over my shoulder. "What have you got?" he asked.

"I like this one," I replied. "It's an amateur site, and it's real people. They post pics from inside their own home... I don't know; I just like looking at real people enjoying themselves more than actors."

"Cool," said Joe. We brought up a couple of postings. Milfs, and straight sex, but we could see that there were all kinds of options... gay, solo, lingerie, cross-dressing... You could see that lots of people didn't want to show their faces, but that didn't detract from it at all.

"That would be so cool to post pics on-line, and think about the people looking at you. Have you ever posted anything yourself?" Joe asked.

I hesitated. I had, but I didn't know if I wanted to admit it. Joe sensed something was up.

"You have, haven't you?" Joe said. I kept my mouth shut, but smiled.

"Come on," said Joe. "Show me your posts."

"I don't know," I said. "I'd feel a little embarrassed."

"Come on, you've let the whole world see. Why not me?"

I couldn't help it: my cock was starting to tent up in my shorts. I thought about rearranging myself to try to hide it, but I knew that would just draw attention to it. That's when I glanced at Joe's waist: he was tenting up too! Fuck it, I thought, and I brought up my posting page.

I had four separate posts. The first one was titled "in my hotel." Joe leaned over me, took the mouse and opened up that page. There were five pictures of me: I was on a bed, naked (and shaved), playing with my hard cock. Joe scrolled through the pictures.

"Wow," he said. "You've got quite the hardon there!"

I didn't know if he meant right now or in the pictures. Because it was both. I reached into my shorts and adjusted myself. 

"Uh, yeah," I said, "I guess I'm a bit of an exhibitionist." I glanced at Joe's crotch again. He was definitely harder. 

The next post was a video of me jacking off, and Joe brought that one up. We both watched as I jerked off. The video was less than a minute long, and after I came on my belly and hand, I licked some of the cum off of my hand. You couldn't see my face, but you could see that that was what I was doing.

"Fuck!" said Joe. "That was great." He scrolled down to some of the comments that had been posted. "And look at these comments! People loved seeing you cumming and then licking it up."

I was feeling a bit embarrassed again. "Yeah, I don't really do that so often, but when I was videoing it, I just felt like doing that, knowing people would be seeing it."

Then we moved on to the next posting. This was the one I wasn't looking forward to sharing so much. It was titled "My wife was out..." and it had pictures of me wearing a black lace teddy. Joe brought up the first picture -- I was sitting on my couch (again my face wasn't showing) and the teddy was covering my cock. In the next picture, my hard cock was poking out from the crotch of the teddy. There were about eight poses, some showing my butt, some showing my cock. I looked pretty good, I have to say.

"Holy shit!" said Joe. "Does your wife know you wear her lingerie?"

"Well," I said, "she kind of does. Actually, we bought that one together. Sometimes we go to thrift stores and buy lingerie there. When we bought that one, it was for me. We bought that when we were on a weekend away. We took it back to the hotel room, she put on a purple thing that we bought, I put on that one and we fucked like crazy. The neat thing about it is that it only cost a couple of bucks, so we don't mind if we rip it or cum all over it. And when I put it on I can't help thinking that it used to be owned by some woman, who no doubt got fucked while she was wearing it too!"

"Wow," said Joe. He was rubbing his crotch through his shorts now, and I realized that I was too. "I can't believe it." He hesitated. "You know, I've done that too. Bought lingerie at a second-hand store. I feel so self-conscious when I do it though."

"Yeah, me too," I said. "That's why I only do it when I'm out of town. Maybe the sales lady thinks I'm getting it for myself, maybe she doesn't. In a way, I kind of hope she does. Makes it even hotter for me."

"Yeah, uh..." Joe hesitated again. Then he went to one of the drawers, opened it, and pulled out a green, silky item, and held it up. It was another teddy. "Actually, I've done that too. Shopped at second-hand stores. I bought this one on this trip." He was looking kind of embarrassed, but his cock looked like it was trying to explode out of his shorts.

"I go in there and I am in so much of a hurry... I bought this one, and it was actually too small for me." He hesitated again. "It might fit you though."

I was taken aback for a moment. "You want me to try it on?" I asked.

"Uh, well, uh... I thought maybe you might..." Joe was getting flustered. So was I, but I was also getting incredibly horny. What the fuck, I thought.

"Sure, give it to me," I said. And I took it and went into the bathroom to change.

I dumped my clothes on the bathroom floor and put it on. As I was about to put it on, I noticed the tell-tale stains of cum on the belly of the teddy. I paused for an instant, then ran my fingers over the cum stain. Well, I thought, maybe he couldn't put it on, but that didn't stop him from jacking off on it. The thought got me even hornier, if that was possible. It was a tight fit -- just the way I liked it -- and you could see the outline of my hard cock underneath it. A wet spot was showing through at the tip of my cock from the pre-cum. I was leaking a lot of pre-cum.

I looked at myself in the mirror. The sides were cut high, exposing my butt cheeks. The crotch was narrow: one testicle was showing on either side from the front, and on the rear it rode inside my butt cheeks. I looked slutty and awesome and I loved it.

I opened the door, a bit nervously. It was one thing to dress up for my wife, but for another guy?

"Wow," Joe said. "That looks so hot."

"Thanks," I said, running my hands up and down my sides, then over my cock. "I feel kind of sexy and pretty and slutty... but I found something..." and I ran my hands over my belly. "Is this a cum stain? Did you cum on this already?" I rubbed my fingers over the cum stain and then brought my fingers up to lips, and licked them. God, I was being so slutty!

"Yeah," he said. "Sorry, but..."

"That's okay," I said. "I have a feeling we're going to get a lot more cum on these pretty quickly." And with that I reached over to him and put my hand on his cock, outside of his shorts. Joe moaned, and put his hands around me. That was all the encouragement I needed.

"I'm such a slut," I said, as I kneeled down in front of Joe. "Let's take these clothes off." And I pulled his shorts down, revealing his hard, shaved cock. "mmm..." I said, then I put his cock in my mouth. I had never done anything like this before, but it felt so natural, and fucking awesome. I played with his cock with my mouth some more and then stood up.

"Let's get the rest of these clothes off," I said, and pulled his t-shirt up and over his head. I rubbed his chest with my hands, and then rubbed my body against his. My green silk teddy was between us, and it felt so nice rubbing our bodies together. Our cocks rubbed together, with the silk between us. Delicious! 

He was only wearing his socks. Men look a little ridiculous wearing only socks, so they were coming off next. "Let's take your socks off," I said, and moved him over to the couch, and sat him down in it. I turned my back to him, sat down on his lap, and leaned down to reach for his feet. As I did so, I pushed by ass up against his cock and hips, the bare skin of my butt rubbing against him. Joe's hand came to my sides, rubbing me up and down. I pulled off one sock, and sat up. As I did so, Joe's hands came forward to my cock, rubbing it through the silk. God, that felt so good! I leaned forward again, pushed my butt back against him, and pulled off the other sock.

I stood up and faced Joe. My crotch was at his eye level, and he was staring at it. "Stand up," I said, and held out my hands to him. Joe took my hands, and I helped him up. We stood facing each other, and then hugged ourselves tightly together, rubbing our bodies together as hard as we could. I put my arms around his back, and Joe's hands grabbed my ass and pulled our hips together, and we rubbed against each other.

But I wanted something else. I broke our embrace and pushed ourselves apart. Giving Joe a smile I got down on my knees in front of him, took his hard cock in my hands and put it in my mouth. I had never given a guy a blowjob before, but I was determined to do it now. I put that cock in my mouth, jerked it with one hand, and put the other hand on his butt. 

Joe started moaning, and I looked up at him and said "cum for me. I want this sexy teddy covered in cum." And I put my mouth back on his cock. 

"Oh, yeah," Joe was saying, over and over. I knew he was close, and soon I felt a spurt of cum in my mouth. Part of me wanted it all in my mouth, and part of me wanted it spurting all over me. I took his cock out of my mouth and pointed it first at my face, then at my chest. Joe had four or five good shots, and when it seemed like he was finished, back into my mouth he went and I licked up the last drops. 

I stood up and looked in the mirror. I had cum on my face; and there was a ribbon of cum hanging from my chin. The front of my green silk teddy had three distinct spurts of cum on it, was dripping down towards my belly and the hard cock that was outlined under the green silk. I wished I had a camera to preserve that look. My hand reached for my cock, and as I did so, Joe came up behind me and put his arms around me. His hands cupped my chest, rubbing the cum into me and spreading it over. Then his hands moved lower, rubbing my cock through the teddy.

He moved his hands back up, into the cum again. I watched in the mirror as one cummy hand made its way up. He put his hand up in front of my mouth, and I started licking the cum off of it. The other cummy hand went back to my cock, this time going underneath the teddy, and grabbing it. He pushed the crotch of the teddy aside, and pulled out my cock. He then started jerking me off with his cum-covered hand. I watched this in the mirror, and it wasn't long before I was spurting my own cum. Joe leaned me back in towards him, and pointed my cock at my belly, so the cum could land on the teddy. Then he rubbed my cock and my cum into the green silk as I watched.

Slowly we separated, then faced each other. "Wow," I said.

"Yeah," said Joe. "That was really something." Then he smiled.

I smiled back. I didn't know quite what to say, but I knew that, strange as this encounter was, I thoroughly enjoyed it and regretted nothing. I looked back at the mirror. There I was, wearing a silky green teddy, covered in cum, and smiling from ear to ear. I pointed to the teddy. "Can I keep this?" I asked. "Sure," Joe said. "It looks great on you."

"Is it the teddy or the cum that looks so good?" I asked with a smile.

"I think it's the combination."

"I think so too. I better get back to my room." I grabbed a hand towel from the bathroom and wiped the cum off of my face. After thinking about it for a second, I put my shorts and t-shirt on over the teddy. Joe watched me. " I want to feel slutty just a little bit longer," I said to him with a grin. 

With the t-shirt and shorts on, you couldn't tell that I was wearing anything underneath. Some of the jizz soaked through to present a wet spot on my t-shirt, but it just looked like sweat stains.

"See you at the conference." I said, as I left his room. 

The conference had two more days to go.