 I was in San Diego with my parents, who were in town for a convention. We were staying at a nice hotel that my mother's work paid for. It was laid out like a resort, with several buildings containing rooms and a common area in the middle with a pool, spa and other amenities.

My step-father and I decided to hang out during the day by the pool while my mother was at the convention. After a while, I decided I wanted to go to the hot tub to warm up and relax. I asked if it was o.k. if I went to the hot tub. I was given permission as long as I checked back before going anywhere else.

When I got to the hot tub, I was the only one there for a few minutes. Then, another man came and introduced himself. I can't remember his name, I think it was John. He put out his hand to shake and I offered mine in kind. I was shocked when he scratched his middle finger on my palm. I had heard a rumor that this was the sign that a person was guy. I never really believed that, figuring it was just a tale teenagers tell. Well, here it happened to me.

I sat down on one bench of the spa and he sat a fair distance away. This in-ground spa was particularly large--probably large enough to hold 20 people. We made small talk for a few minutes before he moved closer to me, almost too close. I was a little uncomfortable, but did not move away. As he talked, he would make casual contact with his hand to my leg. By now, I figured he was definitely gay.

Then another guy came to the spa, probably a few years older than I. John got up to shake his hand, and I presume gave him the same sign. He now began making small talk with this other guy and I both. He got up to move closer to the other guy and probably put a move on him as well. The guy didn't seem to receive this advance too well, as he soon got up and moved away.

John came back to me, continuing his small talk and making casual but deliberate contact with me. I looked over and noticed that the other kid had laid back and closed his eyes. "No!", I thought. "You need to stay awake!" I had hoped he would help keep the gay guy from advancing on me.

Finally, John said he was going to go into the steam room and asked if he wanted to come along. I told him I had to go ask my step-father, as he was expecting me to be in the spa. I'm sure he figured this was my polite way of backing out of the situation.


I left to head back to the pool and during the walk debated what to do. When I got to my step-father, I asked if I could go to the steam room. He gave me permission and I started nervously heading back to the spa area, where the steam room was nearby. My mind was racing with a dozen different thoughts. What was I going to do? Why was I even going back?

By the time I got to the steam room, at least five minutes had past. The steam room was housed inside a small building that also contained the men's room and showers for rinsing off chlorine. I found the door to the steam room and tried to pull it open, but it was fairly sticky, so I had to give it a second tug. The door opened to reveal what I thought was a guy getting off his knees from between John's legs! I think he was giving John a blowjob!

I was completely caught off-guard by what I was sure I saw, but there I was standing with the door open, so I went in. The other guy skittishly introduced himself and sat down at the other end of the bench, leaving space in between the two of them for me to sit.

As I sat down, John began small talk again, as if nothing had happened or been seen. I looked down and noticed he was completely naked. I was so nervous I was almost visibly shaking. At the same time, I became turned on and found I had a full erection. Whether John noticed this or was just exploring, he made a point to casually touch it while talking. I pretended as though nothing happened.

He then reached out and deliberately poked at my cock a couple of times and suggested I take off my swimming trunks. I told him that was o.k., I was fine. He then touched my stiff cock again and then pointed up to a sign that stated that no colored fabrics should be in contact with the benches to prevent discoloring the wood.

I paused for a moment, not sure what to do. I figured he knew I had a full hard-on, but if I took off my trunks he would surely see. He must has sensed I was thinking about that because he said, "Don't worry about your erection, it's a perfectly common thing." So, I got up and nervously slid down my trunks and hung them up on a hook on the wall and sat down again.

It didn't take but a few seconds for John to put the full-court press on me now. All the while still talking small talk, he reached out and caressed my cock. I jumped slightly at the surprise but didn't say or otherwise do anything at first. Then I managed to say, "I don't think you should do that."

"Why," he asked, "doesn't it feel good?" I didn't answer, because I didn't know what to say. The truth was it did feel good, but I still wasn't sure I was ready for this. He continued slowly stroking my hard cock as though I had asked him to. I closed my eyes briefly while my head swirled with thoughts about what I should do. Then he took his hand off my cock and I heard him move around a bit. He then held my cock again and suddenly I felt something very warm and wet surrounding the head of my cock. He was sucking on my cock!

I had never had my cock sucked before. In fact, all I had ever done was jerk myself off. This sensation was much better. It felt absolutely fantastic. I let him suck on my head and stroke his tongue on the bottom-side of my shaft as I took in the incredible sensations. Finally, I managed to weakly say, "Don't do that."

Of course, he knew that I was enjoying his work immensely. Nonetheless, he pulled his mouth off my cock and asked, "Do you want me to stop?" Then, before I could answer, he took my shaft back in his mouth, going down at least half-way.

I nearly moaned out load right then, but instead willingly said, "No." Now, he had permission to continue and gave my cock full attention. He raced his tongue up and down the bottom-side of the shaft, stroking it. Then he wrapped his lips around my cock and began sucking it, taking it in all the way to the hilt. When he deep-throated me, it was though I could feel his mouth and throat clenching around my rod. I was blown away by the sensation, thinking how incredibly great this feeling was. All I could manage to say was, "Whoa".

He pulled his head back to the tip and plunged down on me again, beginning a rhythmic cycle of deep-throating dives. I was lost in such ecstasy I had completely forgotten there was another man in the steam room until I heard him get up. I looked up to seem him come over to us when he said, "You know, John was going to suck me off after I finished him."

With that, he took his semi-hard cock and brought it up to my face. I knew what he wanted and he didn't have to say a word. I paused for a moment, looking at his cock, wondering what I would do. What do I say, "No, thank you"? I didn't feel ready to try sucking a cock. On the other hand, I think I was really curious to try, I just wasn't at the point where I would have initiated anything.

I opened my mouth and leaned my head forward to meet his cock. He brought himself forward and gently pushed his head into my waiting mouth. I had a cock in my mouth! Immediately, I noticed how warm and soft it was. The skin was like velvet and the texture and sensation were actually quite nice.

I didn't really know what I should do, so I just starting to try what I thought would feel good. I began licking the sensitive part of the shaft just underneath the head, flicking my tongue back and forth over the area. He moaned and pushed himself further into my mouth as I kept exploring his cock with my tongue, using it to wet it down.

Meanwhile, John continued alternating between fully deep-throating my own cock and licking it and teasing it with his tongue. The only thing that kept me from cumming by now was my attention to the cock in my own mouth. I now voluntarily pushed my head further down his cock until it reached my throat. I heard a pleasured moan from my partner, indicating I was doing a good job.

I began bobbing on his shaft, pulling my mouth back to the tip before plunging as far down his shaft as I felt I could go. He responded by meeting my plunges with his own thrusts. I began to flick and dart my tongue along his shaft while doing so and he moaned, increasing the pace and depth of his thrusts so that I didn't even have to move my head anymore. He was fucking my mouth with his cock.

Soon, he began moaning with every thrust and his thrusts became quick jabs. I realized that he might soon cum and wondered what I should do. I thought about taking his cock out of my mouth, but before I made any decision, he cried out a strong moaning, "Aaah," and I felt a shot of something warm in my mouth.

He now made short stabbing thrusts into my mouth, each one delivering another shot of cum. After about five blasts, my mouth filled enough that I involuntarily swallowed before I could consciously think about what to do. Then, with each new blast I held my lips tightly around his cock and swallowed his payload. It seemed like at least fifteen blasts before he finally stopped. I licked his cock clean and swallowed the last bit before he pulled out of my mouth. I realized then that I had voluntarily taken his cock and cum and seemed to like it.

John then pulled off my iron-hard cock and suggested we go up to his room. I was aching hard and dying to come myself, so I readily agreed. We went to his room and quickly got on the bed together. He instructed me to lay on my back while he positioned himself between my legs and began sucking me off again. The other guy (whose name I never got), sat in a chair and watched.

When I was fully hard again, which didn't take long, John climbed on the bed and positioned himself over me in the 69 position. I knew what I was supposed to do: he wanted me to suck him off, too. I reached up and held his firm shaft in my hand while stroking then length of the underneath-side of his cock with my tongue, from the tip to the base of his balls. I continued to do this several times while he plunged down on my cock once again.

I noticed his ass was practically right in my face, but I wasn't interested in exploring there. Instead I continue to stroke his shaft with my tongue a few more times before I finally pointed his cock into my open mouth. Once he was inside my mouth he began making slow, grinding thrusts into my mouth, pushing himself all the way in. The first time he did this, he hit my throat and almost made me gag. This didn't stop him, or he didn't seem to notice, because he continued his thrusts, matching the rhythm and speed of his thrust with each plunge of his own mouth on my tool.

At this point, I didn't have to do any work except to accept his cock in my mouth and try to work my tongue around his shaft and suck on him as he entered my mouth again and again. Each thrust pushed his head past my mouth and into my throat and I was now able to relax enough so as not to get a gag reflex. I took each thrust eagerly and now tried to get him to cum.

Soon, he was thrusting faster and faster, while increasing his own rhythm on my cock. He was also using his hands to jerk me off while sucking on me, a sensation which I knew would soon bring to over the top. I moaned and tried to announce that I was going to cum, but my mouth was filled with his cock.

With one last plunge on my cock, I shot my first blast of cum in the most intense orgasm I ever had. By the third or fourth blast into his waiting mouth, he made one quick jab deep into my mouth and held it there as he, too began shooting off in my mouth. I felt warm shots of cum go immediately into my throat as wave after wave of my own ecstasy rolled over me. Finally, we both collapsed in satisfaction as I took one last effort at cleaning his cock before he pulled out of me and rolled over on the bed.

We laid there for a few minutes while I sorted out the events that just happened to me. He asked me if I would like to try some anal, but I told him I had to be getting back before my step-father noticed I was gone. He invited me to come back to his room anytime as I pulled on my swimming trunks. I left the room and thought about coming back, but I never did.