 My story began by my going to the confessional late one afternoon and explaining to Father Ted that I had been snooping around and found a stash of porn in the shed out behind our garage. I figured that it must have belonged to my Dad. Anyway, looking through it I found men and women having sex, women and women doing things I didn't understand, and older men with much younger men doing things to each other. The problem was that after I put the stash back the way I had found it I couldn't stop thinking about it. I would think about the pictures during school to the point that my manhood would get so hard that it would hurt. I would have trouble adjusting myself and then having to get up with my book bag in front of my hard cock to get out of the room when the bell rang. It was beginning to be a real problem and I would get just as hard when thinking about the men on men pictures as with the men and women, or the women and women pictures. My question to the Priest then was "Being eighteen, no sexual experience, and in my first year at the community college do you think that I am gay."

The Priest told me that many young people my age had all these hormones raging through their systems and sometimes they just need to experiment a little to find out how they really felt about sex. He reassured me that I was a normal teenager and not to worry. 

As I stepped out of the confessional and started down the hall I heard the door to the Priest's side of the Confessional open and close. I turned around to see Father Ted standing there. Father Ted was a short man, balding man with salt and pepper hair. He was a kind man that spent a lot of time with the youth.

"Jeff" Father Ted spoke, "would you want to go to the rectory and discuss your problem a little further? That is, if you have the time."

"Sure" I answered.

With that Father Ted walked up and put his arm around my shoulder and escorted me to his rectory. He opened the door and we went in. Father Ted told me to take a seat in a straight chair in front of his desk. He turned to the door and asks if it bothered me if he locked the door. He said it would keep anyone from interrupting the conversation. He asks if I would like something to drink to which I declined. He then pulled another straight chair up in front of me and sat down face to face. He sat so close that our knees almost touched. I had on shorts and a tee. Father Ted had on a long black robe which he gathered up to his waist as he sat down. As he sat down I couldn't help but notice his shiny black shoes and socks. I didn't see cuffs to slacks which made me wonder if he had on pants under his robe. 

Then Father Ted said, "Now back to your problem. You said your manhood gets extremely hard when you recall the pictures in your mind that you had seen in the books in the shed. I was wondering which pictures seemed to have the greatest effect on you? I mean which pictures had the greatest effect on your manhood? Which ones made you the hardest? Which ones made you so hard that it hurt?"

"Well," I stammered, I guess the ones with the men on men pictures. The young men were a little bit older than eighteen, but the older men were about your age. All I have to do is start thinking about those pictures and I start getting rock hard."

"Rock hard huh?" questioned Father Ted, "Can you describe some of the pictures to me Jeff?"

"Well, it's kind of embarrassing Father," I said.

"Oh, don't be embarrassed son. Think of me as a doctor that you are explaining a problem to, that you want fixed." said Father Ted.

That seemed reasonable to me so I continued, "Well, one of the pictures shows a young man on a bed naked with an older man holding the young man's cock in his hand and the older man was holding his cock with his other hand. The older man seems to be licking his lips and stroking the young man's cock as a long stream of cum is shooting from his cock, frozen in midair over his belly. The look on the young man's face seems to be that of ecstasy. Another picture shows an older man with a young man's cock on his tongue as if it is going in his mouth. Then the picture next to that shows the older man holding the cock with one hand as the head of the young man's cock slips into his lips pursed as if he is kissing it except part of the head is in his mouth. The next picture shows the older man with most of the young man's cock in his mouth with his cheeks caved in and his nose in the young man's pubic hair. Then a picture shows the young man has pulled his cock out of the older man's mouth and is shooting a stream of cum into the older man's mouth. The next picture shows the older man's nose back into the young man's pubic hair as if the older man is swallowing the younger man's cum. The last of that set show them in a 69 position on the bed with the young man on top. The young man has his eyes closed and most of the head of the older man's cock in his lips. As you look between them you can see the older man has the young man's cock in his mouth down almost to the young man's pubic hair." As I finished describing the pictures I realized that my young cock was rock hard and straining in my shorts leg to stand up straight next to my belly. It was really beginning to hurt. I also noticed the lap of Father Ted and that he had a tent in his robe. "I'm sorry Father," I said, "but talking about the pictures and thinking of the scenes have made my cock rock hard like it gets in school. It is trapped in the leg of my shorts and is beginning to hurt real bad."

"Well, my son, we can't have you being in pain while we discuss your problem," Father Ted suggested. "Why don't you just slip those shorts down while we continue on what to do about your problem?"

"Uh, Father, I don't have on any underwear." I stammered.

"Oh, not to worry Jeff, just remember what I told you about thinking of me as a doctor. You wouldn't worry about showing a doctor yourself so he could help you would you?" Father Ted said.

"Well, I guess not." I said. Then I slipped my thumbs into both sides of my shorts and slipped them down one side then the other as I rocked my butt cheeks back and forth in the straight chair. As my shorts waist cleared the head of my rock hard cock it sprang back and slapped my belly. I pushed my shorts to my knees and then they fell to my ankles. 

"Oh my," exclaimed Father Ted, "Oh my, what an excellent specimen of manhood you have." 

I looked immediately at Father Ted's lap as the tent in his lap jerked and there seemed to be a wet spot beginning to form at the top of the tent. 

"Oh my," Father Ted said again. "Why don't you stand up for me Jeff, I need a close look at your specimen. Go ahead son stand up for Father Ted."

As I stood up Father Ted leaned forward and my rock hard cock rubbed the side of Father Ted's face. That was the first time my cock had touched anything other than my hand. Father Ted then reached out and touched the head of my cock. 

"Oh my," Father Teds said again in a sort of raspy voice. "You have an extremely hard cock son. It's as hard and as good looking a specimen of manhood as I have seen in all my life." Father Ted just kept rolling the head of my cock with his thumb and forefinger. I looked down just as precum was oozing out the end of my cock. As it run down the head Father Ted swiped it up with his thumb and then stuck his thumb in his mouth. He returned his hand to my cock and started to slowly stroke it. Up and down, up and down. I felt like my legs were going to buckle, but it felt so good that I had to stand still and let Father Ted continue, just hoping that he wouldn't stop.

"Oh, the sweet nectar," said Father Ted. "Is this what the older man was doing to the younger man's cock in the picture son," Father Ted ask?

"Yes, yes it was like that sir except the older man was stroking his own cock with his other hand." I answered.

"Oh, yes, yes," Father Ted said. And without taking his right hand from my cock or missing a stroke he began to work his black robe up with his left hand. He was rocking back and forth on his butt cheeks like I did when I pulled my shorts down. There were his black socks, then his garters holding his socks, his knees, his hairy thighs and then his cock. His cock was hard with a purple head and precum making the head look shiny. Father Ted took his cock in his left and started stroking both cocks in unison. It felt so good that I closed my eyes and tilted my head back and that is when I felt Father Ted's lips engulfing the head of my cock. His warm soft lips were running around and around on the head of my cock. I looked down just as father Ted let the head of my cock slip into his mouth. He left it there for a moment or two and let his tongue swirl around the underside of my cock head. Then drawing suction on my cock his lips slipped over half way down allowing the rim around my cock head to rub the inside of his cheeks. Then he pulled back up and let the head come all the way out of his mouth. He held his lips tight together as my cock pushed his lips apart as he sucked my cock back into his mouth and sucked over halfway down my cock. His saliva mixed with my precum was making my cock slick as he sat up a rhythm. I reached out and put my hand on Father Ted's head as he bobbed up and then back down on my cock. My hips started to gyrate and push my cock in and out of Father Ted's mouth to the point that he was holding his head still and was just letting me push my cock into his mouth and then pull it back out again and again. My whole body was trembling, my legs were getting weak, but I couldn't stop. I had never felt such euphoria. I had such a complete addiction to this feeling that I hoped it never ended. Then my cock felt as if it had stretched to capacity and was going to burst. It tingled in my balls and up my cock to the head as it swelled.

"I'm, I'm, I'm going to cum," I stammered.

Then there was a pop as Father Ted pulled back off my cock. "Cum Jeffery, cum for me, let your seed spew forth from your manhood." Father Ted said and went right back to bobbing up and down on my cock. 

My vision was blurred, my head was light, and my knees were buckling along with the most wonderful feeling in my cock. It was numb, but yet tingled. It throbbed and stretched till I could feel my heart beating in the head of my cock. I couldn't breathe. Then it started. "Oh,- oh, - oh God I'm cuming," I said. "IIIIIIIII'mmmmmm cccccuuuuuuummmmmmmmmmiiiiinnnnnggggg! I mumbled incoherently. Just as my cock pumped and then pumped again, pumping the longest rope of cum from my cock I had ever felt right into Father Ted's mouth. Then it pumped another rope of cum and then another. I can remember how many times I came, but my legs finally gave away and I fell back into the straight chair with Father Ted staying on my cock all the way into my lap. I was gasping for breath. There was another pop as Father Ted pulled back letting my cock head pop from his suction. As he sat back I looked down at my cock which was still rock hard with cum oozing out of the head a trailing down the shaft. 

Father Ted leaned over and licked the cum from the head and the shaft of my cock and then leaned back and said "Was that experience anything like the pictures Jeff?" 

"Yes, just like the pictures," I said.

With that Father Ted stood up putting his cock at my eyelevel. "Do you want to touch it like the young man in the pictures touched the older man's cock? If you do Jeff go ahead, but I wouldn't want you to do anything that you didn't want to do," said Father Ted.

I didn't say anything, but as I was regaining my breath I looked at Father Ted's cock standing hard and tall. I slowly reached out my right hand and let my fingers wrap around his cock and my thumb rub the underside of the purple head. The skin was soft, but I could feel the rigidness of his cock under the skin. I could feel the heat as it radiated from his cock, as the precum leaked from the head down onto my thumb. I looked up at Father Ted and he smiled down at me in a gentle sort of way. I withdrew my hand from his cock and brought my thumb to my lips. I smeared the precum on my lips and then licked my lips. Not bad as I expected I thought. In fact it tasted pretty good. Father Ted ran his fingers through my hair as I went back to jacking his cock. Then as he continued to stroke my hair he pulled my face closer and closer to his cock. Finally it was touching my lips. I started rubbing the cock head back and forth across my lips till the precum was running down on my chin. I don't know if I made the move or if Father Ted rocked his hips forward a little, but the next thing I know Father Ted's cock head was halfway between my lips. I rolled it around and around my lips and as I rubbed the head with my lips Father Ted pushed the head and some of the shaft into my mouth.

"Just remember how I did my mouth on your cock and how my lips felt on your manhood son and you will do fine" Father Ted breathed. "Easy now son, tighten up your lips a little, and let me do the work." And with that Father Ted began rocking back and forth, holding my head between both of his hands. He was pushing and pulling more than half his cock in and out of my mouth. He would pull back until half the head came out and then push over half his shaft back in. His cock went all the way back to my throat, till his pubic hair tickled my nose, but it didn't gag me. I tried to hold good suction on his shaft so he could feel the inside of my cheeks rub his cock. I had my hand back now stroking my cock with the same rhythm that Father Ted was moving back and forth in my mouth. His precum and my saliva made his cock super slick and my precum was pouring out of my cock and down my shaft as I continued jacking my cock. As Father Ted sped his rhythm in my mouth up I increase my rhythm on jacking my rock hard cock. 

Then Father Ted moaned out, "I'm going to cum, I'm going to cum, get ready son I'm going to cum." Immediately I felt Father Ted's cock swell and throb. Next throb I felt a warm liquid shoot from his cock into my mouth. Not a rope as I has shot, just a shot. He shot about two more times and I swallowed quickly every time he pumped his cum into my mouth. It tasted a little bitter and not as good as the flavor of the precum. Then my cock exploded shooting a rope of cum all the way up to my chin, then another, another, and yet another. Father Ted's cock head popped as he pulled it from my mouth and sat down in the chair. 

I sat there my head reeling from what had just happened as Father Ted got up, dropped his robe, and walked over to a closet pulling out two towels and pitching me one. "Here, clean yourself up son," he said "How did it feel to do like the pictures in your head? Did that answer your question? Are you gay son?"

"I don't know Father, I guess I did a gay thing, but I don't know if I'm one hundred percent gay. Like you said I guess I need to experiment a little more. But I think this is going to be hard to top."

"You come back any time son you want to go over the pictures and we will see if we can work out your problems." Father Ted said as I walked out the door.

I have never been with a girl and I realize I did a very gay thing, but still I wonder if I'm gay?