 It was a 3 day conference and I met Steve, I failed to mention his name in the first story, on the first day of the conference.

I sat through all the boring ass seminars that we had to go to, and the mindless meetings that we had, and all I could think of was what had happened the night before. How could it be that I had gay sex with a man that I had just met. What the fuck was going on?? I pretty much had an erection the whole day. As soon as that day was over, I grabbed my stuff and headed over to the bar. I went in and some of the guys from the night before were there, but Steve wasn't there yet. I asked the bartender and he told me he usually gets in around 5:30 and it was 5. I had a beer while I waited for him to show up. Apparently he had told some of the other guys about the fact we had sex the night before because some of them walked past me and kind of chuckled. One guy actually came up and said, "So, I hear Steve proved you wrong last night!" 

I was kind of embarrassed by this but then I figured what the heck, I don't actually know any of these guys and other than this week, I'll probably never see them again, so I smiled back and said, "Yeah, turns out I was wrong, I DO like cock!"

At 5:30 on the dot, Steve came in the bar, walked up and planted a big kiss on my lips. We headed upstairs to his place and he said he was going to jump in the shower, he asked if I cared to join him. Shit, I was naked before he was. I have showered with men before, but it was in the service and in high school gym class, but I have never showered with a guy where we washed each other! He stood behind me and lathered up my back, and then he slid his hands around to the front and washed me from behind. I could feel his cock pressed up against my ass as he was soaping up my front. He slid his hand down and gave my cock a good scrubbing. It was as hard as a rock in no time. Then it was my turn to do the same for him, and I too pressed my cock up against his ass as I was washing him down.

Once we got out he toweled off my body and I did the same for him. Then he pulled my face into his and we had a very passionate kiss. From there we headed to the bed. Once again, I could not wait to get my mouth wrapped around that cock of his but he was teasing me. Telling me that I couldn't have his cock yet. He made me lay face down on the bed and he started massaging my back. He has some nice warm oil that he was pouring on my back, and he would let some drip on my ass crack. He kept rubbing my back, but his hands kept getting lower by the minute. Pretty soon he was massaging my ass cheeks and sliding his fingers down between the cheeks and letting his fingers lightly push against my asshole as they slid across. He did this for what seemed an eternity but I am sure it was only a few minutes. Then he grabbed the bottle of oil and squirted a good amount directly on my asshole. 

Then he took his finger and slowly worked it in and out of my ass. It was feeling good and I let out a soft moan as he was doing it. When he could slide his one finger in with no resistance he changed up and went with 2 fingers. That hurt a little bit when he first did it, and I kind of let out a little whimper that it hurt, but he whispered in my ear that it would feel great in just a little bit. He poured some more oil on my ass and some on his fingers and he slid 2 fingers in and started giving my ass a nice slow fuck. I was really getting into it and was starting to rise up to meet his hand with each stroke. When I got to that point, he went to 3 fingers. Now that really hurt and I tried to tell him that it hurt too much, but he placed his finger over my mouth and said, "Shhhh" As he was fucking me with 3 fingers it was really hurting, but the longer he did it, the better it was feeling. Once again, I was raising my ass up to meet his thrusts into my ass.

Then he got off the bed, walked over to the dresser and got out a condom. He slipped it on and rubbed some oil on his condom covered cock. He came over to the bed and poured some more oil on my ass. He had me getup on my hands and knees and he moved in behind me. I felt his cock starting to press up against my tight hole. With just a few pushes, he had it in about half way. He stopped and just held it there until I relaxed and once I did, he slowly started stroking in and out of me. With each stroke, he would press in a little further than the last time. In no time at all, he was balls deep in my ass. I had absolutely no idea that getting fucked in the ass could feel this good. My cock was rock hard, pre cum was dripping out of it, and I was pushing back to meet his thrusts. I could feel his balls slapping up against my balls. He had a hand on each side of me and was pulling me back against him to the point he was literally banging the fuck out of me. 

He kept up the stroking for about 5 minutes then I felt him start to jerk and I felt his cock pumping its load. He was totally spent in my ass. He pulled out and then pulled the condom off. He told me that NOW I could go down on his cock, as it needed a good cleaning. I spun around and wrapped my lips around that cock and milked the last drops out of it.

He had me lay on the bed and he sucked my cock until it was empty. We then went downstairs to the bar to have some supper. I headed to the rest room as soon as we got in. By the time I came out, I seen that Steve's friends were all gathered over by him. By the looks on their faces, I am sure that he had just told them about fucking me. The rest of the night in the bar we were drinking beer and playing pool. Some of the guys were flirting with me and taking every opportunity to touch me as much as they could. I would walk past someone and as we were side by side passing, their hand would reach over and run it across the front of my pants. I was getting rather turned on by all of the attention I was getting. I was starting to know how a girl felt when she was in a bar and guys were constantly hitting on her. Only difference, I was loving it.

After some more beers I had to go relieve myself in the restroom. One of the guys walked in right behind me. The urinals had no dividers between them. There were about 5 in a row. I went to the first one and the guy went to the one right beside me. He turned slightly towards me as he pulled out his cock to take a piss. I couldn't help but take a look because out of the corner of my eye, I could see it was big. Much bigger than mine or Steve's. He was me looking at it and chuckled then asked me what I thought of his "hog". I told him it was impressive. I was done pissing and was putting my cock back into my pants when he reached over and grabbed my hand and pulled it over to his cock. I tightened my hand around it and slowly started to stroke it. He guided me over to a stall and backed me in and told me to sit down. He stood in front of me and fed me that cock of his. I could barely get my mouth around it, much less go very deep on it. I did the best I could and in no time he was starting to buck and I could tell I was going to be getting a mouthful. He pumped quite a bit into my mouth and I could not swallow it fast enough. Some of it dripped out on my chin, and some dripped down on my shirt. He pulled his cock out of my mouth and just when I was getting ready to wipe my mouth and chin off; he grabbed my hand and told me to leave it there. That he wanted everyone to know that I had just blown him. At this point, I was so horny and light headed from the beer, that I didn't even care. I proudly walked out to the bar and picked up my beer and started drinking like nothing had happened, but everyone saw the cum on my face.

Between that night and the next night that I stayed, I am pretty sure I had blown everyone in the bar including the bartender. I had to rinse my shirt out before I went home, didn't want the wife to see all that cum on my clothes.

I can't wait until the next conference.