 It had been the tipping point. We both knew what it was, we both knew it was wrong but I wanted him and he wanted me. I was a swim coach, he, a contractor. For weeks now we had been secretly eyeing one another. He and his crew were renovating the gym. We still used it, I still came to practice in my speedo, the same as the team wore. Like any other diver, my body was free of hair. 

He noticed. He saw my long, smooth legs. He noticed my firm, round ass packed into that blue spandex material. My lithe body, easily passable for one of my team members. But I was twice their age, a full grown man. I knew what my body wanted too.

I secretly stole my share of glances at him. His broad, rippled chest stretching the tee shirts that he wore. His tool, pressed against the leg of his jeans. Muscular arms, powerful legs. This man was a stallion, and I wanted to mount him. His brown eyes would stare when my pale blue orbs met his gaze. We would undress each other with our looks, never speaking, never touching. It was maddening.

It was a brewing storm and somehow we both knew it would happen. Today was that day. I stayed at the gym's pool after my students left. I was going to swim some laps today, to burn off some energy. He was there. His crew had gone for the day, and I knew that he was watching. I stopped early and climbed from the pool. The material of my speedo had worked its self between my cheeks, exposing the lower half of my ass. I gave him a show, strutting to my towel. I bent down, straight legged to retrieve it, and dried off my legs. I tensed the muscles in my calves, stretching them deliberately for sport.

A quick glance back over my shoulder and I caught him. His package was etching its way down his leg before my eyes. I smiled. I stood up and snapped the material out of my ass. I made my way to the showers knowing full well he'd follow.

I hadn't even turned the water on yet and he was there, boring holes into my skin with his eyes. We didn't speak. he walked to me and grabbed the back of my head, thrusting his lips to mine. I moaned into his open mouth. A strong tongue pressed onto mine, swirling it with his. I pressed mine back.

My hands brushed along that muscled chest of his, feeling the hardness beneath. it gave me goose bumps. I let my hand work its way down and lowered the zipper on his jeans. He moaned now, a throaty grunt of approval. Two strong hands pressed on my shoulders, and I felt myself melt to my knees. The pounding in my chest grew loud in my ears. I slipped my hand into his jeans, my fingers meeting a patch of trimmed, wiry hair. Below was a thick ring of meat.

He was too long and too thick to pull free from his pants like this. So undid his belt and button with my free hand. he helped my by sliding the denim down below his sculpted ass. When his cock sprang free I gasped loudly. It was fucking glorious. A length of veiny steel, big enough around that he would leave me satisfied if not ruined by the end of it. Long enough that as I wrapped one and then the other hand over his scorching hot skin that I could still see his bulbous mushroom tip staring me in the eye.

I pumped him two handed, but unable to be satisfied by this I planted a wet kiss right on his oozing piss hole. The string of pre cum that I pulled from him whet my appetite and I went back for more. This time I opened my mouth and stuffed the head of his cock into my mouth. It sat on my tongue, a fresh blob of pre cum leaked into my mouth.

I was hooked now, he grunted again as my warm mouth bobbed on his head. I removed one hand from his meat and slid my mouth down further on him. Each up and down let me slide more of him into my mouth. I could make it to my other hand, but he was at the back of my throat by then. I tried to open my throat for him, shaking my head back and forth, working myself down, down until I gagged. I relented for a moment, only to catch my breath and tried again. Gagging over and over on that strong cock until tears were streaming from my eyes and a thick rope of spit was dangling from my mouth. 

He took over from there, thrusting his powerful hips into my mouth. I thought he might fuck his way into my stomach, and if I didn't feel the room spinning I might have let him try. I pulled his cock from my mouth gasping. I stood and walked to the shower bench. Behind me I could hear him undressing all the way. I slid off my speedo, taking notice of the smear in the crotch. The I bent down over the bench, resting my elbows and upper body on it. 

I had my ass spread for him, my smooth asshole ready to be destroyed by his wet, dominating cock. He threw me when briefly I felt his tongue force his way into my waiting pucker. I felt my cock jump but as suddenly as he started he stopped. I felt his legs next, squatting behind me, pressed up to my thighs. His head pressed against my eager anus and he pressed into my. My saliva made an excellent lubricant and he pushed himself almost all the way inside of me.

I screamed, remembering quickly where I was and snapped a hand over my mouth. He slapped my hard on the rump and my hole tightened down on his cock. He filled me up so completely that I could feel the blood flowing through his member as he thrust into my stretched rectum. I curled my toes, his pace wasn't gentle, nor did I want it to be. I wanted those strong hands to slap my ass. I needed that rod jammed into my little asshole. It had to be rough, that's what made it so fucking good. To be dominated in a shower room by this hulking man, his muscles rippling and his cock a good three times bigger than mine. 

He was the man, and I was his bitch now. I was fully willing to serve as his cum holder now. He grunted and thrust away, plowing my hole. I could feel the pain and it felt good to be used like this. My cock swung helplessly between my legs his testicles were like wrecking balls slamming into my tightly shriveled sack. He was shoving himself into me balls deep now. My prostate was screaming, the assault caused a long river of fluid to drip continuously from my bouncing cock. Finally he reached down and gabbed it, his rough hands quickly slickened by my fluid and he used this to stroke me. His hands squeezing and working my cock hard. 

I couldn't take this for long, between being fucked like animal and jacked off with his relentlessly strong hands I crumbled, cumming so hard that I had to bite my hand to keep from screaming. I felt my cum shooting onto my stomach, he pumped until I was dry then took his hand and brought it to my lips. I replaced my hand for his and sucked my cum from his thick fingers. I was dazed with my lust, completely driven into a depraved frenzy and so I broke our silence, giving the one command of our whole session. I told him to cum inside me and make me his bitch.

Within a few more thrusts my wish was granted. His cock jump, sending waves of burning hot semen into my hole. If I wasn't completely full before, I was now. He came for what felt like a solid minute, grinding his cock against my ass. He was growling his pleasures into my ear, working all of his cum into me and then collapsed onto me. It felt good to be able to please such a strong man to the point of exhaustion, but it felt better when he slid his serpentine cock from my hole with a wet slosh.

My ass was aching, a throbbing hot ache. My hole fought to snap shut, the warm fluid that he had filled me with was now leaking down my balls and thighs. He left me there, getting dressed and walking out wordlessly. I sat there on my knees too shaky to move. If I had been caught then I wouldn't have cared. They could just stare at my naked, cum soaked form, and if I were doubly lucky, they would give me a repeat.