 It was a normal fall day. A day like any other really, except this day was going to change my life. Whether it changed for better or worse, well you can decide that. 

My last class was over at 3:50. I returned to my office and locked my door. I opened my laptop and went to my alternative email account and scanned through the notes from various men (and a few women) with whom I corresponded under the name - sweetmichael. Notes, demands, photos. An IM popped up from my newest most active online friend - Dicktater. 

"Hey, whatcha doing?" 

"Nothing. Just finished teaching." 

"Turn on your cam!" 

"I can't stay long, right now. I have to go in a minute." 

"I don't care. Turn it on!' 

I turned it on. I felt myself getting hard. 

"Stand up and let me see it!" 

I stood and undid my pants and pulled them and my boxers down to my knees. I stood there for a moment - hard and exposed. 

"Jerk it, bitch." 

I took my cock in my hand and began to slowly rub it - up and down. 

The alarm on my computer went off. 4:25. I sat down, still with my pants around my knees, my cock bouncing. "I have to go... later, ok - I promise!" I didn't wait for the response. I logged out and closed my laptop quickly. Then pulling up my pants I headed out. The boys swim team starts has a meet today with a rival school in 5 minutes. I waited for a minute to let my erection deflate then grabbed my jacket and headed over to the natatorium for the meet. 

"Hey, Dr. Paul, were are you headed?" 

I turned and looked. It was Tim. Timothy Jerrick, the schools new young technology expert. Only in his mid-20's and fresh out of college Tim was the guy who kept everything running and who helped us figure out how to use the equipment we needed when we taught. And not only that he was cute. He was still very boyish in appearance. And for some reason we seemed to really hit it off. He was always checking in on me. Running scans of my computer to check for viruses and dropping by to see if I needed anything. In fact, my wife, Monica had even become a little jealous with all the attention he gave me. I think she also had a crush on him. 

I should explain. My name is Dr. Michael Paul. I teach history at the Montrose Academy, which is a small private college. I am married to Monica Whealen, who is the fine arts teacher. We have been married for 24 years and have two grown children - a boy, Mark and a girl, Hannah. But early on in our marriage we both realized that we needed more. I liked sex with her - in fact she was amazing in many respects. But I also was obsessed with men, young men. I had always had a fascination and, well, a lust for young men. And not only that, but from an early age I knew something else about myself. I love to masturbate and I am a submissive. I crave both and can't get enough. Monica got bored with this and as I have gotten older the only place I can find dominants to use me is online and I have created a network of online friends, some of whom are quite demanding - like my friend Dicktater! But back to the events of this crucial day. 

"I needed a break, Tim. I thought I'd go over and watch the boys swim team in their meet this afternoon." 

Tim smiled with a twinkle in his eye. I blushed. 

"Well, enjoy. Maybe I'll see you later." 

"Thanks." I headed on my way. I could feel him watching me walk away. My heart was beating faster and I felt just a little excitement. 

As always the gym was packed with students and staff and adults. The meet had started and I took my seat in the corner of the bleachers. I scanned the scene. We were winning apparently. But I didn't care so much about the score. I couldn't keep my eyes of the young men in their speedos. I surveyed each boy, and took note of the smooth chests, the muscles, the tight athletic asses and finally the package enclosed in lycra that left nothing to the imagination. I loved watching the boys. My cock immediately got hard again. I let my hand brush over my hard cock through my pants every so often, just for a little relief. My breath got ragged and I felt flushed. 

Once the meet was over I sat in the stands for a moment to let myself come down from the excitement. I walked through the locker room greeting the boys. By this time they were in various stages of undress and some were showering. I tried not to be obvious. Such beautiful smooth bodies! Such beautiful cocks and asses. By the time I left the building my cock was again hard. 

I look at my watch. It is 6:00. Monica will be gone. I walk over to the fine arts building. It is locked. I let myself in and walk around. The building is deserted. I check at Monica's office - she is gone. Slowly I make my way through the building. I call out. There is no one here. I stop in the hall. Trembling I undo my pants and take them off. Then I pull down my boxers. My cock is hard. I took a pair of pink lace panties out of my jacket pocket and put them on. Then I made my way to the art supply room. 

Closing the door, switching on the light. I walk to the far corner. There is a mirror there. I take off my jacket and shirt, leaving the pink panties on. I fumble around in my jacket pocket and take out my iPhone. I snap some selfies of me in the panties; then with my cock out of the panties. then of me with the panties down to my knees. My cock is hard and sticking out. One more picture. I put the camera down and take my cock in my hand and begin to jerk. 

"Hey, whatcha doing?" Came a voice from the doorway. 

I jerk my head around stunned. It's Tim! "Shit!" I think. But there is no where to hide, my clothes are off, my cock is hard! I stare at him still holding my cock in my hand. I stammer. My cock begins to deflate. 

He closes the door and walks over to me. "Now we can't have that. Get it hard, bitch." I can't speak. I just nod and put my hand back on my cock and return to jerking off. He grabs and chair and sits. "Put on a show for me, bitch." My cock is hard again. I am jerking off for this young man. 

Caught - again! 

*** 

I was a nerdy kid, which should come as no surprise. In public school I was constantly bullied and it really affected my grades. I was relieved when I finally graduated and went off to college. I think my parents and I all thought that things would be different. But that was not really the case at first. Living in a dorm and being with boys all the time did end the bullying, at least at first. 

Steve Fielding was a jock. He was a senior and was popular with both the guys and the girls. He had a girl friend, Deanna, who was the prettiest girl at school and he played all the sports. He could not have been more different than me. He also had a mean streak and liked to pick on nerdy boys like me. It was within the first couple days I was at college that he started pushing me around and calling me names - like "little fag." He would corner me on campus and push his body against mine. At the gym he would steal my underwear from my locker and laugh as I chased after it bare-assed. I did not like him. 

We lived in the dorm. The rooms were small and we slept on bunk beds. I got the bottom bed. My roommate was another nerdy boy like me named Tom. Steve was the dorm captain and it was his job to make sure we all did our chores and he would also see that boys in the dorm didn't get out of line. On top of that our dorm father was a drunk, named Larry, who spent all of his time drinking in his room, until he decided to make an appearance, usually drunk and usually raging about something. So this left Steve and his click of jocks in charge. So in this situation, things were hard for both me and Tom. That is, until we came back from Thanksgiving break. For some reason Steve was different. He was nicer and more helpful. He stopped calling me names and actually stood up for me a couple times. I also noticed that he became much more attentive. He would touch me and brush against me all the time. I wasn't sure what to make of this but I wasn't going to complain. 

This was at a time in my life that I became fascinated with sex. I found myself excited by the girls on campus who wore their school uniforms with their skirts very short; and by the boys who I watched change and shower after gym. So I really didn't mind him touching me. In fact, I rather liked it. I enjoyed being touched and soon discovered how nice it was to touch myself. I started out playing with myself in bed at night, and soon I started jerking off every night. But I was scared of getting caught so I would think about the bodies I had seen, the girls and boys who I had brushed against and once I was excited I would slip off to the bathroom at the end of the hall, usually late. There I would rub myself. 

The bathroom was a 4-stall bathroom with a bank of sinks. The door locked but we weren't supposed to lock the door, so I never did. This particular night I was in a hurry. I didn't even wait until I got in a stall before I pushed down my pj bottoms, pulled out my cock and started to jerk. Without thinking I leaned against the side of the stall facing the door. Suddenly the door opened and there stood Steve smiling. I stood shocked with my hand still tightly around my cock. 

Then I went to grab for my bottoms. Steve closed the door and locked it. "Don't pull them up!" he whispered. 

I had them half pulled up by this time so I stopped and let them fall back. 

"Let me see!" With that he walked over to me and took my cock in his hand. At that moment I melted. It felt like nothing I had ever felt before. He then began to gently rub my cock for me. "I know you have been doing this for a while. I have been watching you. I also see how you watch the other boys when they are changing. I know you are hard a lot of the time." He spit on his hand and grabbed my cock and started rubbing again. I took in a deep breath and let out a little moan. "You like this." 

I shook my head yes. "Good, I'll do it for you whenever you want. But you have to do something for me." Not wanting him to stop I shook my head, "yes, ok." 

"Good boy!" And with that he pulled me close and gave me a deep kiss. It was the most passionate kiss I had ever had. With one hand on my cock he unbuttoned my top with the other and pushed it off. I was naked in front of him. Kissing me he was caressing my chest and rubbing my cock. I felt the tension build until finally I exploded. I moaned and for a minute went weak in the knees. He caught my cum in his hand and used it to keep rubbing. 

Slowly my cock began to deflate. I was dripping on to the floor. My shirt was off, my pj bottoms were around my ankles. I looked at him. He was dressed in jeans and a t-shirt. I wasn't sure what to say. "Wh... what do you want me to do for you, Steve?" I asked haltingly. 

"This!" And with that he opened his pants and exposed his very large cock to me. "There, you like it?" I shook my head. He pushed me into a stall. "Sit down!" I sat and he put his cock in my face. "Take it in your hand and rub it, boy!" I did. I started to gently rub his cock. "Squeeze my balls!" I did. He moaned. 

"Now, lick it with your tongue and jerk me off with your hand." I put out my tongue and haltingly began to lick his cock as I rubbed the cock up and down. He was moaning until finally he took his own cock in his hand and began to rub himself harder and faster. He exploded all over my face and chest. It took him a few moments of jerking until he slowed and stopped. 

"That was nice. You have lots to learn about sucking cock though. But we have time for me to teach you. You are going to have the honor of being my bitch this year!" He picked up my top and wiped his cock and hand and then threw it in my face. I wiped his spunk off with it. "Now, get dressed. I am going to go. You wait here for a little while before you go back to your room." With that he closed up his pants and left. My heart was beating so fast. What had just happened? What did he mean I was going to be his bitch? What about his girlfriend? What if he tells everyone at school? 

I didn't have long to wait. The very next evening, after Larry had stumbled through the halls and checked to make sure all the rooms and lights were out Steve came into my room. "Hey guys," he whispered. And with that he sat on the end of my bed and started talking with Tom about something in one of their classes. While they were talking he looked at me and smiled and motioned for me to be quiet. And, not missing a beat, he slipped his hand under the covers and found my chest. Caressing it he slipped lower and lower until he slipped his hand into my pj bottoms and started to feel and rub my cock and balls. It was wonderful. Before he left he told me to meet him again in the bathroom later that night. I did and that was the night I sucked my first cock for real. 

*** 

"Don't cum until I tell you too!" Tim ordered! I nodded that I wouldn't. I had learned over the years to be able to edge for a long time and hold off cumming. "Have you figured out yet who Dicktater is yet? And why I spent so much time scanning your computer? I know what you are! And now you are mine." I wasn't surprised. I had wondered about it myself. 

"Please don't tell Monica!" I said in a gasp. 

He laughed. "Are you kidding by this time next year I will be fucking her and you two will both be my bitches." I moaned. With that he stood up and undid his pants. "You know she is quite a sub too. She is one of my online bitches. She is Lizzymom4U" Her middle name is Elizabeth. I knew that was her recreational online name. 

He pushed his pants down and exposed his hard cock. "Here - suck it, boy!" 

I moaned at his order and fell to my knees. I took his cock into my mouth and began the caress and suck it. He pulled out his cell phone and began to shoot pictures, but I didn't care. 

"You know, she knows you are a sissy. She told me. She actually finds that exciting. She wants to watch you suck me off and she has always wanted to fuck your ass. She is one kinky bitch!" He laughed and started to fuck my face faster. I grabbed his hips and in a few strokes he cam into my mouth. "Swallow it!" 

I took every drop. I sucked on him until he pulled out of my mouth. "Ok, you can jerk off for me now, bitch!" I stood up and faced him, took my cock in my hand and began to jerk off. I started to moan and he grabbed my cock and finished me off. "Catch your cum, bitch. Don't let it drip on the floor." I reached down just as I came into my hands moaning loudly. 

Finally he let me go and then took my hands and pushed them up wiping my cum on my face and chest. There I stood in front of him. Dripping from my cum and naked with a wilting cock. "Clean up and expect me to come by sometime tomorrow. I know your schedule." He took another couple pictures and left. 

I stood there exhausted. I knew things would be different. I turned around and looked at myself in the mirror, still dripping with my own cum. As I looked at my body, thinking about what had just happened, my cock started to grow again. I slipped my hands between my legs and took my cock in my hand again. My favorite position!