 It was now on between us. One of us was going to be a winner, and the other would suffer a messy and humiliating defeat. Me and my jackoff buddy Brad were matched pretty evenly, especially where it comes to being kinky. 

We started off earlier as friends throughout school, but we didn't know back then that we were both could be interested in each other. It's not that women were out of the question. Let's face it; we were both just really horny guys.

After we got out of school, and life took us in separate directions for a while. We met up a few months later. We decided to go for a beer that Friday, and ended up at Brad's place watching porn. That's when we found out how horny we both really were.

After a few beers and a few videos, Brad got up to change the disc. That's when I noticed a huge bulge in his jeans.

"Damn! Nice boner Brad!"

"Back at you, too!" He replied. 

I didn't notice that my own jeans were feeling really tight until then - uncomfortably so.

"I gotta shift things around a bit," I said as I reached in and shifted my stiffening cock around inside my jeans. "Ahhhh, that's much better."

Brad took things a step further and took his jeans off, releasing a major hardon. Brad's cock was cut, and at least 8 inches.

"Well, if that's the way you're going to be," I said as I unfastened my jeans and kicked them off as well.

That's the way it started with us. We played more videos, drank more beer, and proceeded to jerk off until late that night. I fell asleep on Brad's couch after cumming on myself a few times. I'd also been keenly interested in watching Brad cumming on himself too. That first night we got together we kept it mild, standard porn, beer and only touching our own cocks.

The next week, I got a call from Brad to see if I was up for getting together again.

"Sure," I said, "it's my turn to host this time."

"No problem," he replied. "I'm nearly out of porn for us to watch though."

"We can always look up something on the 'net for us to jerk to," I said. And that's what we did.

Only over time, it gradually became a contest with me and Brad as to how kinky we could be with each other. Guys will do that, try to one up on each other and we were no exceptions. Guys will take any opportunity to measure cocks. That's one of the things we did of course: length, then girth, then how far we could shoot cum, how much we came, and how many times we could cum in one night...

Then it was a contest to see who had the better taste in porn. I won when Brad couldn't hold it any longer and spewed cum on himself first. Brad would be the winner if I came first. 

Then, one evening, I had on some European style briefs - the kind without a fly. 

Brad took one look and said "Nice Panties!!" 

Well, that was that. We started trying to outdo each other in what kind of underwear we'd flash to each other when we got together for our now weekly jerkoff and porn sessions.

That's where it started I think. All the time calling each other's briefs panties! One day I decided to push things some more and mail ordered some lacy panties out of a catalog. I got a cute pair in pink for Brad, and another one in purple for me. 

It seemed like forever before my package arrived.

Just before Brad came over for our now weekly jerkoff session, I slipped on my new purple lace panties under my regular jeans.

As soon as things got going enough that night, I pulled down my pants like normal and waited until Brad noticed that this time I actually had on panties. 

Brad couldn't stop laughing. "Such a cute little panty!" he kept saying.

Eventually he stopped laughing and pointing long enough for me to give him the lacy pink panties I'd bought for him. He started laughing again, but took the panties from me and before I knew it, we were both sitting on the couch watching porn wearing our new panties.

After a few beers, I reached over and rubbed the bulge in Brad's panties for him. I had waited until he was really getting into a video, and I knew he was about to spew cum in his panties, making him the loser. I was also really close to making a cummy mess in my panties and I didn't want to lose this time. 

I reached over and started stroking Brad's cock for him. He blew a huge load almost as soon as I started. 

"Oh, you little bitch!" he exclaimed. 

"Nice cum, princess," I said.

"Oh yeah," Brad replied. We were having an intellectual discussion now. 

That's when he jumped on top of me and began stroking my cock. I felt the Brad's warm cummy wetness seeping through his panties where I had made him cum, and he was enthusiastically returning the favor. I couldn't hold out very long and soon we were both rolling around on the floor covered in each other's cum.

That's when we found out that we were both bisexual, and horny.

Being guys we soon had destroyed our panties. Brad was supposed to pick up another pair for each of us, but he kept chickening out.

That's when we started stroking each other. Our taste in porn also took a turn if not for the gay, at least more for the bisexual. We'd play with each other, but then agree that we were not gay, just horny. 

We also discovered new games to play with each other trying to make each other cum. Things took on a life of their own. 

Then, one day we stumbled on a video of two guys rubbing their cocks together. This ended up with me and Brad rubbing our cocks together until we spewed warm cum all over each other. It was so messy, so nasty, and so fun. Once again we both said it was because we were "really freaking horny".

That's how our contest started. We'd "cock wrestle" each other, with the winner being the one to hold out the longest. Of course we'd cheat, rubbing each other's cocks, teasing each other.

"You bitch," he'd say.

"Oh yeah," I'd reply. "You're gonna be my bitch today."

Our teasing just made us even hornier, and we'd soon be squirting cum all over each other in our contests. Each one just a little kinkier than the last. Both of us doing anything to get the other guy to cum first. Wrestling around and pinning each other where we couldn't stroke each other's cock, grinding our stiffened cocks against each other instead. 

In a turn for the even kinkier, we stumbled on a video of a guy sounding himself. He slowly inserted a polished steel rod into his cock. This video stayed on my mind, and eventually gave me an idea for a new contest. Slowly, I worked it out. 

I got some rubber tubing and went to work, cutting off a section around eight inches long. I then glued a rubber washer onto the tube half way along its length. This was going to be our jousting weapon in our newest contest. 

I then explained the contest to Brad on our next jackoff session. We were going cock to cock, cum to cum. This time it was going to be the first guy to cum wins, and the other guy was going to take it. 

I lubed up the tube, and inserted it into my cock. It really felt weird, but nice. Then I pointed my tubed cock at Brad, and he lubed it up the other end and inserted it into his cock too. There we were, cock to cock. The winner would be the first guy to cum. The loser would have to deal with the other guy's cum being pumped deep into his own cock. 

"Ready bitch," I said.

"Ready, set, jerk it bitch!" said Brad and we were off to the races. Stroking our cocks like there was no tomorrow. The rubber washer in the center of the tube made it so our cock heads weren't directly touching, but I felt the tube inside my cock wriggling around as Brad stroked himself. 

"Oooh-hh, unnm-mmm," I said as I stroked the underside of my cock. 

"This is soooo--nass-styyy," agreed Brad.

I could see that Brad was really trying to concentrate, so I was soon trying to break his concentration. Brad was soon starting to sweat. I this meant he was going to cum soon

That's when I felt the wetness. I hadn't expected that. Both Brad and I had been producing precum. I looked down, and both of our cocks were oozing out tons of the stuff. 

"Um, is that your precum dribbling into my cock, or is that my precum now inside you?" I said. That momentarily broke Brad's concentration. 

"Oh, you Fucker!!" he exclaimed as he felt the wetness too and looked down at our cocks. 

"This is sooo nas-sty!" I said. This had been really interesting experience so far, and it was only going to get better.

The tube had completely filled with precum. I couldn't tell who was oozing more, and into whom. The thought of Brad's precum oozing into me was turning me on almost as much as the thought of my precum oozing into Brad's. I started clenching and releasing, knowing that this would pump some precum in Brad's direction. I wanted him to feel the pulsing deep inside his cock. But then, I started felt him doing the same to me. 

Looking at Brad, I just knew he was going soon. His determination and single mindedness were apparent. I had broken my concentration to clench and release, trying to pump precum into Brad. He, on the other hand, had decided to take a little precum from me so he could cum first. 

This was our contest, who would be the first to pump a load of cum deep into the other guy?

"Oh, look at our cocks kissing each other," I taunted.

"Fuck you," said Brad. "This is turning me on so much, I don't know when I've felt like cumming so hard. You're going to be feeling my cum inside you real soon!"

"Bring it on. I'm pretty sure I'm filling you up with a bunch of my precum right now." I said as I resumed clenching and releasing. I wasn't getting any closer to cumming, and I knew Brad was. 

My cock felt so slippery, warm and wet, both inside and out. I knew it couldn't be all my own. Brad was oozing into me as much as I was oozing into him. This thought started turned me on, that his pre-ejaculate was really oozing into me now.

Then, I felt an urge come over me. The thought of Brad's cum pulsing deep cum deep into me was really taking over. I looked into his face as he concentrated on stroking that gorgeous cock of his. His sweat covered face showed his deep concentration, and he was also staring at me. 

That's when it happened, tied cock to cock, the tube connecting our cocks together, running from deep inside Brad to deep inside me. I saw Brad's eyes glaze over and I felt Brad spasm hard as his orgasm hit. He grunted and jerked as powerful waves of orgasm traveled up and down his body. I grabbed on to him tight with one arm, and grabbed onto our cock heads with the other hand. I didn't want Brad's powerful orgasm to separate us. I also didn't want any of Brad's cum to leak out. I wanted it all, deep inside me. 

I was the one receiving, just what I now really desired. I feet Brad's body convulsing in powerful waves. I felt spasms push waves of cum into my cock, deep into me. I had to concentrate hard on not clenching. I wanted to take as much of Brad's cum inside me as possible. I wanted all of Brad I could get.

"Ohh-hh-aaa-aahh," I cooed softly as I felt the pulsing of his cum deep inside my own cock, the warmth and wetness that could only have come from inside Brad. The thought that I had done this to him was turning me on immensely.

I pulled Brad down on top of me, holding our bodies tightly together with my arm, our cocks locked together with my hand. Brad was really cumming hard, spasming and grunting as he lay on top of me. I had never seen him cum for so long and so hard.

We were face to face now. I kissed him - passionately. Brad stuck his tongue into my mouth as his orgasm was gradually subsiding. 

I felt the pressure, warmth, and wetness of his cum deep inside me. I felt his tongue probing my mouth. I concentrated hard on relaxing, not clenching as I felt the pressure inside my cock first build, then subside. His cum was penetrating into me. It was sooo hard not to clench up, but I wanted it. I wanted to be the receiver.

"That's it," I said. "Cum-m for me, give it to m-me." Then I latched onto him again, kissing him again, passionately.

That's when Brad took over. He reached down and grabbed onto his cock at the base, where the tube was, tightening his grip and pinching off the tube. Then he worked his grip toward the tip, milking his wet cum into me. I felt the pressure build once more deep inside my cock. 

"Is that what you like? Bitch," Brad said.

"You know-oh it is-s," I had to admit. Not only was I concentrating hard on not clenching, but relaxing, so I could take in Brad's cum. 

Brad smiled, pinched the tube off holding the pressure of his cum in the tube. Then he slipped it out of his cock. 

"Oh-aahh-ngg," I cooed again, concentrating hard on relaxing as Brad worked his grip from the tip of my cock to the base, forcing his cum even deeper inside me

"Mmmmn-hhh-ah," I cooed again as I used every ounce of concentration relaxing my deep cock muscles. 

I felt the pressure subside once more, knowing Brad's cum was penetrating deep inside me. Brad pulled the tube out of my cock, which oozed Brad's cum uncontrollably. 

"Nice contest!" Brad admitted. 

I just smiled. I had lost our contest, but that was okay with me. This time we had to agree we weren't just horny, we were gay -- and horny. 

Author's note: The idea of this really appeals to my kinkier side. I love the thought of the sensations it may bring. However, the thought of an infection should deter anyone from trying this in real life.