 Note: This is a follow-up to my story "The Conference." This story can be read by itself; you don't need to read the earlier tale to enjoy this one. 

*

I caught up with Joe again at lunchtime. We were seated at a table of about eight people. Joe was the only one that I knew; he was seated beside me. After a round of introductions, we all made small talk while waiting for lunch to be served.

"Well," I asked Joe, "how have you found the conference so far?"

"Pretty good," Joe replied, "there were a couple of interesting presentations." As we chatted about that for a while, the food started to be served.

"Are you going to the awards banquet tonight?" Joe asked me.

"I don't think so," I said. "Any event that has banquet in the title just tells me that it's going to drag on forever. I don't do well sitting down, waiting for the meal to come, and sitting through a bunch of presentations."

Joe chuckled at that. "Neither do I," he said. "Do you want to join me for dinner somewhere else?"

"That would be great," I said. "Do you have any place in mind?"

"No, but I'm sure we can find something good without too much trouble."

We made arrangements to meet in the lobby of our hotel, and with that, we parted company for the rest of the afternoon. 

Back in my hotel room that afternoon, I put on casual clothes to go out. As I was doing that, I glanced at my special green teddy. I had put it in the closet on the floor, and I wondered if the maid had seen it, and if she had, what she might have thought, seeing that in a room that was obviously occupied by only one person -- a man. The cum had dried off from the morning's adventures, and I briefly considered wearing it underneath my clothes. But only briefly -- it seemed a little bit too risky for me.

When I got to the lobby, Joe wasn't there yet, so I went to the concierge and asked about local restaurants. I was looking for an Asian restaurant, within 15 minutes walking distance. He told me about a Thai restaurant that would take 10 to 15 minutes to walk to, and gave me directions. As I was turning back towards the lobby, I saw Joe walking up.

"Hey," I said, "did you come up with any ideas on where to eat?"

"No," he replied, "did you?"

"Maybe. Do you like Thai food?"

Joe did, so I told him about the concierge's recommendation, and after sitting around most of the day, we agreed that a short walk would be just the thing to work up an appetite, and we headed out.

We chatted about things along the way, the conference, what the weather was like back home (very nice at my home; rainy at his), and such. We did not talk about our lingerie adventure that morning, although it was not far from my mind. We were about one block away from our destination, when Joe stopped.

"Oh," he said. "Look at that."

We were stopped in front of a thrift store. It was open, but according to the sign, it was due to close in 15 minutes, so it wasn't very busy inside.

"What are you thinking?" I asked with a smile.

"Well, I'd kind of like to see if I can find something sexy."

"Something for you to wear?" I asked.

"Well, yeah. Want to come help me shop?"

There was one lady at the counter, and it looked like two shoppers in the store. "We'll be closing in ten minutes," the sales person said to us we went in.

"No problem," I replied, "we won't be long."

When I go into a thrift store, it is usually because I am looking to buy women's lingerie. Nevertheless, I usually start off looking through the men's clothing. Then, as I complete my sweep through there, I wander aimlessly through the women's clothing until I find myself, almost accidently, looking at the lingerie. Tonight was no exception, and as I wandered through the store, Joe stayed with me, and we stopped in front of the lingerie.

I find the hardest thing for me is to actually start moving the hangers aside, and critically looking at the selection. But once I start doing that, I lose my self-consciousness, and I can actually start shopping. As I usually find in thrift stores, the selection wasn't large, but there were one or two things that caught my eye.

Joe stood by me as I looked through the selection. "What do you think of this?" I asked him, holding up a two-piece outfit. (I don't really know what the different names are for the different types of lingerie. I think it would be called a camisole, so I will call it that.) The camisole was a black, lacy thing. It looked like it would fit Joe -- tightly -- and it would come down to around his belly button. I wouldn't dare to hold it up against to him to get a feel for the size, but I felt that it looked a little big for me, so it should fit him nicely. The panties came with it -- it was a set -- and they were cut high at the sides, and very narrow through the crotch. They probably wouldn't hold his cock in, but in my experience panties seldom do, and besides, it's more fun if they don't.

"I dunno," Joe said, "do you think they'll fit?"

"Probably, the only way to know for sure is to try them on..."

"Yeah, they'll be fine," Joe said. "Let's get them."

I handed them to Joe, still on the hanger. He took them and we walked up to the counter. I never know when I'm making a purchase like this what is on the sales lady's mind. Does she think I'm getting it for my wife? Does she know I'm getting it for myself?

"Well, this looks nice," she said as she took it off the hanger. "Someone's going to be looking very sexy in this."

Joe said, "uh, yeah," as he handed over a five dollar bill.

"Do you need a bag for that?" she asked. "It's 25 cents for a bag."

"No, that's OK," Joe said as he stuffed both the panties and camisole in his jacket pocket. He took his change, and we left.

Dinner was delicious. We talked about work, the conference, sports, hobbies (but not THAT hobby), our families... just about everything except the black lacy lingerie in Joe's jacket pocket. We kept up the conversations, enjoying each other's company during the walk back to the hotel.

It was as we were approaching the hotel that I brought up the subject. "So, are you going to try it on?"

Joe looked at me. "Yeah," he said with a grin, "I can't wait."

"I can't wait to see it. Can I?"

"Sure. You want to come up to my room?"

"Why don't you come to my room," I said. "I have some beer, we can sit back and relax."

By this time we were entering the elevator. I pushed 22; Joe pushed 18. It was just the two of us, and soon the elevator was stopping at 18. "See you in a bit," I said as Joe got off.

"You bet" was the reply as the elevator doors closed.

I entered my room, turned on the lights, and drew the curtains. Then I turned to the closet. There it was, the green silk teddy from this morning, complete with cum stains. I quickly stripped; my cock was already getting hard. I put on the teddy, and like this morning, arranged it so one testicle was jutting out from each side of the crotch, while the teddy held my now-hard cock tightly against my belly.

I looked in the mirror. I couldn't help admiring myself, running my hands up and down my body, and occasionally over my silk-clad cock. It all felt just so damned good!

I enjoyed myself for a few minutes and then the knock came on the door. I went to the door, and looked out the peep-hole. Joe was there, and more importantly, nobody else. I opened the door wide and greeted Joe.

"Hey there, buddy," I said, stepping back to let him in.

Joe was wide-eyed as he saw me. "Fuck," he said. "That's an awesome look." He came into the room and I let the door close.

"What about you?" I asked. "Did you bring your new clothes?"

"Yeah," he said. "I'm wearing it." As he said this, he pulled his shirt down a bit, exposing the black camisole underneath.

All of a sudden I was feeling slutty again. "Ooh, let me see," I said as I started unbuttoning his shirt. I undid the buttons, and when I reached the last button I pulled the shirt open and started rubbing my hands up and down his body.

"Very nice," I said. "See, I told you it would fit. Now let's have a look at those panties." I undid his belt, then undid the top of his trousers, then pulled the zipper down, slowly, letting his black panties come into view. His cock was straining against the panties as I pulled his pants down.

"Oh, yeah, that looks so sexy" I said, as I ran my hands along the side of his hips, rubbing his panties along his butt cheeks. "But that doesn't look very comfortable." Reaching in, I grabbed his cock and rearranged it for him, so that it now pointed up, and it stuck out the top of his panties.

Joe meanwhile was rubbing my body with his hands, along my sides, and then around back to my butt, giving my cheeks a bit of a massage. As he was doing this, he kicked off his shoes and pants -- he wasn't wearing any socks -- and as soon as he was clear of all that he pulled me to him. We held each other like that for a bit, feeling the lingerie in between us, and gradually started rubbing against each other, cock to cock, belly to belly, chest to chest, all the time running our hands over each other's back, down to our butts, and then back again. We were both so horny, I wondered if we were going to cum like that. We could have, but I think we both wanted to hold out for a bit, so we relaxed and slowly parted.

"Wow," said Joe. "This is a hell of a lot of fun. A lot more fun that when I dress up by myself."

"Yeah, you should try it with your wife sometime," I replied.

Just then, my laptop, which was sitting open on the desk, began to ring -- I was getting called on Skype.

"Oh, that's probably my wife calling," I said as I looked back and forth between Joe and the laptop. "Uh..."

"Hey don't worry, do you want me to leave?"

"No, but stay out of sight. We video chat and I don't think I can explain you."

Joe brought his hand up to his face and made the "zipping his lip" motion and retreated back away from my laptop. I reached for my shirt and put it on, and buttoned up. I didn't know if it was my kids calling or my wife. I checked myself in the mirror, and when I was satisfied that nothing was showing (as long as I kept the webcam pointing above my waist) I pressed the answer button.

My wife, Shawna, appeared in front of me. "Hey there," she said. "Took you long enough." Shawna was wearing her bathrobe, which usually meant that there was nothing underneath.

"I was in the bathroom. What's happening?"

"Oh, the kids are out for the evening, I was all alone and I started missing you, so I thought I'd give you a call. How's the conference going, did you go to the awards banquet?"

"No, I decided I would much rather eat out. I found this great Thai place a short walk from the hotel."

"How was it?"

"Great. And... on the way there, I passed a thrift shop. So I popped in and had a look around.

"Oh, did you find anything?" 

"Well, I was walking around having a look, and eventually I found myself in front of some lingerie..."

Shawna was smiling -- a lovely, sexy smile. "And did you find anything sexy there?"

"Well... " I undid my top button. "You see..." I undid another button, and pulled the shoulder of my shirt down. "Long story short, I'm wearing something rather sexy right now." Okay, that wasn't exactly how it happened, but it was close enough. I exposed the top of my green lacy teddy. "What do you think?"

"Oh, that looks so sexy." Shawna had a big smile, I could see she was loving it, seeing me dressed in sexy lacy lingerie. "Let me see more of it."

"OK, but first, show me what's under that robe."

"There's nothing under this robe," Shawna said as she slowly untied the belt around her waist. "Nothing but me, that is." With that she opened up the top of her robe, showing me her lovely, lovely titties.

Joe was straining to get a look at my laptop screen, but the way it was turned, I knew that it was difficult for him to see, without stepping right in front of it and being captured by the webcam. That would have been a bit hard to explain.

"Now let me see the rest of you, you sexy stud."

"OK, let me get the other camera set up, and then you can get a better view." I had been using the built-in webcam, above the screen. It wasn't any good for body shots, but I had another webcam that plugged into the USB port. I use that one sometimes when I broadcast myself, and I don't want to show my face.

"I have to disconnect while I get the other camera ready. I'll call you right back." I disconnected and turned to Joe. He had a big grin on his face.

"Am going to get a show?" he asked.

"Yeah. If you can stay out of sight and kkep quiet" I replied while I plugged in the USB webcam. I set the webcam on the edge of the table, and turned my laptop in Joe's direction. "How's that?" I asked. "Can you see the screen OK?"

"Perfect."

I lined up the cam so it faced me, and reconnected with Shawna. The screen showed me, still wearing a shirt, but unbuttoned and showing my sexy green teddy, and Shawna, still wearing her white bathrobe, but opened. She was playing with one of her tits. It looked awesome.

"Hi again," she said. "Take of your shirt and show me what you've got."

I stood up, making sure that my head and body were within the camera view, and slipped off my shirt. I ran my hands up and down my body, then paid special attention to my chest. I put my fingers on my nipples and made little circles. Shawna was doing the same thing to her tits. Then I slowly turned around, running my hands over my butt as I did so, and pulling the crotch of the teddy up tight into my ass cheeks.

As I was making my turn, I faced away from the camera and faced Joe. We smiled at each other. Joe was playing with his very hard cock through his panties. God, it looked so hot. I started rubbing my cock through the teddy as I turned back to face the camera. My pre-cum was leaking and making a wet spot on the front of the teddy.

"God you look so sexy," said Shawna. "Do I see a wet spot there?"

"I suppose you do," I replied. I reached inside and pulled my cock out, put the tip of my finger on the tip of my cock to pick up a nice big drop of pre-cum, and raised it to my lips. "Mmmmmm...." I said as I put my tongue out and licked it, "it tastes so lovely."

Shawna's robe was now fully open, and one hand was now down at her pussy. She was rubbing herself and putting her fingers inside with one hand, while the other hand was still playing with her tits: rubbing and pulling at her nipples. I was so fucking turned on watching her.

"Oh fuck, baby, I want to fuck you so bad" I said. 

"Oh I wish you were right here. I want to lick that sweetness off your dick. And I want your cock in my pussy. I need to be fucked so good baby. You've got me sooooo fucking wet." And she was. She was making squishing noises that I could hear.

I started jacking a bit harder. "Oh babe I want to cum all over you. On those sweet titties and on your lovely pussy."

"You can come all over me baby. But you have to lick it off afterwards." And I would, too. Often I'll cum on her tits, lick it up, and then we'd share sloppy, wet, cummy kisses. The thought of it was bringing me so close.

"But I guess you're just going to have to cum all over yourself," she continued. "I can't wait to get you here dressed up all sexy like that. I want to sit on your belly and cum all over you myself!" 

That was it. I could imagine how it would feel with her rubbing her cunt on my belly, back and forth, getting herself off and dripping her wetness all over me and my nice silky teddy. I started cumming and cumming. On the screen, Shawna was cumming too, her fingers going in and out, in and out of her pussy, and she was moaning and cumming.

I looked beside me. Joe was standing just outside of the field of view, looking first at me, then at Shawna, then back to me, and he started cumming too. My cum was landing on my belly, messing up my teddy even more. Joe's cum -- the first shot -- landed on his belly too. Then he pointed it towards me. I glanced at the screen. Shawna was laid back, eyes closed, concentrating on her own pleasure. I nodded to Joe, and the next two shots out of his prick landed on my belly, joining my own jizz.

"Oh, wow," I moaned, continuing to gently play with my cock. "That was awesome." Shawna too started to relax, opening her eyes and looking at me once more. As she looked at me, I started rubbing the cum on my belly with my fingers, and then brought my fingers up to my mouth, and licked it up. I did this a couple of times. Shawna had no idea that I was licking up Joe's cum with my own.

"Baby," she said. "Don't you dare wash off that teddy before you bring it home. When you get here, I want you to wear it, and I'm going to ride you until I cum at least as much as you have, and my cum can join yours."

"You've got a deal."

"Shit. The kids will be home soon. I guess we better hang up."

"Okay. See you tomorrow. Love you."

"Love you too sweetie. Bye."

And with that, we disconnected. I turned to Joe. "What did you think of that?"

"Holy shit, that was the sexiest, most erotic thing I have ever seen. Thank you for letting me watch that. Your wife is amazing. And beautiful."

"No problem. Knowing you were watching made it a lot more fun for me. But I need a break. Let's have one of those beers."

We each opened a beer, and sat on the couch and watched TV. Just two normal guys, drinking beer and watching TV, both of us wearing cum-covered lingerie. And sitting so close together that our legs were rubbing against each other. 

We had been watching TV for 30 minutes or so, and finished our beers, when the show ended.

"Do you want to watch some porn?" I asked Joe.

"No," he said. I was taken aback by that, and then he continued. "Look at us. Two studs, wearing jizz and lingerie. Where are we ever going to find any porn that's hotter than us, right here, right now?" He was serious and smiling at the same time, and his cock was growing. He got up on his knees on the couch, facing me. "I want to suck your cock until you cum in my mouth." Then he reached over to me, and started rubbing my chest, first through the teddy, and then putting his hands inside, playing with my nipples.

"Yeah. We're better than any porn I've ever seen. I want to suck your cock too," I said." Let's get on the bed." 

We moved onto the bed. I laid on my back, and Joe came up between my legs. He reached for my crotch, and pulled my cock, already hard, out from the side of the teddy. He bent down, and started by licking me, up one side, from the base almost to the tip. Then he went to the other side, again from the base, but stopping short of the tip. Then the front of my cock, from the bottom of my ball sack, up the shaft, but stopping short again. The pre-cum was oozing out of the tip of my cock. I knew what he was doing: he was getting a nice big drop of pre-cum to enjoy all at once. He squeezed -- gently -- the head of my prick and made the pre-cum pool up on top. Then he reached down, stuck out his tongue, and licked it up, then gently closed his lips over just the head, sucking and licking the pre-cum. I knew how much I enjoyed tasting my own pre-cum, and I was a little bit jealous.

"Turn around," I said. "Let's get into a sixty-nine."

He did, and we did. He kept his mouth on my prick the whole time, and soon I was staring at his panty-covered cock. It was hard underneath the black satin panties, and poking out the top. He too was dripping, and the first thing I did was lick it off. It tasted great. 

I didn't want to pull his panties down; instead I pulled his cock out sideways, out the leg hole, so the material would ride up in his butt crack -- just the way I liked it with me. Joe was lying on top of me now, legs out either side of my head, our chests rubbing against each other through our lingerie. God, it felt amazing!
