 This is a true story that happened recently.

I hadn't been with a man before until a couple nights ago. It's something I had fantasized about, but just never did it for various reasons. Most of the time, the guy I would chat with would be pushy, and one who seemed nice never showed up for the meeting we arranged.

Until two nights ago, that is.

I showed up at his apartment, nervous and horny. Once in, he offered me a beer and popped in a gay porn that I had brought with me. We chatted a bit while watching, and whenever possible, I would sneak a peek at his crotch. I wondered about the dick that was behind those clothes, and my breathing became shorter realizing I would soon be sucking my first cock. He caught me looking once, and asked how I was feeling. "Horny." Was all I said, and he reached over and put his hand on my crotch, feeling my quickly stiffening cock through my jeans. After a couple minutes of him rubbing me, and me watching him do it, he stood up right in front of me.

I knew what he wanted, and I wanted it too. I could see the outline of his cock as it hung off to the side and down. With shaky hands, I reached up and traced the outline of it. Never had I been this close to another guy. As I rubbed him through his pants, I could feel it getting a little harder. As I was touching him, he started unbuttoning his shirt, so I took that as my cue to go further and started to unbuckle his pants. With the buckle free, I started to undo the button, but it was so tight that he had to do it for me. With that accomplished, I reached for the zipper and slowly pulled it down, and yanked the pants off also. Standing there with his pants around his ankles and his briefs still on, I could really see the outline of his cock now. He had boxer type briefs on and his dick hung down and off to the left. As I rubbed it, it started to tent up in the underwear. I couldn't take it anymore, so I grabbed the bottom of the underwear and slowly pulled it down. His cock slowly came into view and looked thick and half hard. The underwear caught on the end of his dick and when pulled down farther, it sprang free and bounced right in front of my face. I couldn't wait to suck it, and after getting the briefs all the way, my face slowly approached it. His cock ran along my face and it felt so soft and strong.

Being this close, I wanted to enjoy this moment. My first cock was right here and just inches in front of my face. I reached up and wrapped my hand around it, feeling it's hardness and started jacking him off. It felt like my own, but different. I could feel the soft skin moving up down over the hardness. Something like a panic was rising in me. I wanted to feast on his cock, go wild on it, suck him until he shot a load down my throat, but at the same time, I wanted this to last. As I masturbated him, pre-cum started to appear at the tip. I was about to taste my first man, I thought, as I leaned forward just a bit and ran my tongue over the head. It tasted fantastic, and the hardness on my tongue turned me on even more. I closed my mouth and rubbed the head across my lips, getting them slick with his pre-cum, then opened up and put him into my mouth. I could feel the head slip past my lips and I ran my tongue around it. He seemed to like this, because I could hear him moan, and that urged me to go another step further.

I asked him to sit on the couch and then stood in front of him and began taking off my clothes. It didn't take long, and I was soon naked. My own dick was rock hard, throbbing and slick at the tip as I looked at this naked guy on the couch with his legs spread waiting for me. He motioned for me to come closer and when I did he grabbed my cock and put the whole thing into his mouth. I could feel his mustache in my pubes as he grabbed my ass, forcing me to fuck his face.

I wasn't close to cumming, but I was here to suck, so I pulled back and got on my knees in front of him. His cock was lying on his stomach, so I picked it up and licked from the base all the way to the tip and shoved it into my mouth. At that point, I went wild on it, doing things that I like to have done too mine. I let the spit form in my mouth, and his cock became slick with it, so I started jerking him off at the same time. My hand would come up and reach my lips as he went further into my mouth. Occasionally, I would just jack him off and lick his big shaven balls. He seemed to like that a lot. I looked up and he was pulling on his nipples and watching me give him head.

He was urging me to suck it, telling me to go faster and harder, so I did. I wanted him to feel good, and I was so turned on knowing that I could do it. He removed his hands from his nipples and put them on the back of my head and began fucking my face. I just held still and let him slide his cock in and out of my mouth. I could feel his legs start to tense up and I thought he was about to cum, and I wanted it. But, he stopped moving with his dick buried in my mouth and told me he wanted to cum on me and asked if that was ok. All I could do is nod because my mouth was full and he told me to lie down on the floor, which I did. He then came over to my right side and started jacking off over me. I propped myself up on my elbows to get a closer look at this. His hand was wrapped around the cock that was still wet with my spit and moving in a furious pace. I started jacking myself as I watched this. I wanted to see that cum. I wanted to taste it. I wanted it all over me and he didn't disappoint. He told me he was close. "Do it", I said. "Shoot it all over me. Cum on my chest." And he did.

His hand froze and the head of his cock got even bigger. The first shot hit my chin and sprayed on my chest, but I wanted to taste it, so I leaned in further and took him into my mouth before he could shoot again. His cock surged and the second shot coated my tongue. There was a third and fourth surge and I swallowed it all, choking just a little as he forced himself down my throat. He backed off a bit and shuddered as I continued to clean him up. I could feel him softening a little and he pulled his cock out, before I wanted him to and told me he wanted to see me cum. He got behind me and rested his cock on my right shoulder as I scooped his cum off my chest for lube and started furiously jacking myself off.

I turned my head to the right and could see his dick just inches from my face. It was oozing some of his cum onto me, so I sucked him into my mouth. His soft cock felt great in there and I just nursed on it as I jacked myself off. In no time, I was close. I was on the floor naked, legs spread, jacking off with his dick in my mouth. I held it there as the cum shot out all over my chest, mixing with his.

After coming down a bit, he pulled his cock out of my mouth, stood up and grabbed a towel for me. After cleaning up, we got dressed and sat on the couch for a few minutes, chatting like friends. I told him it was fun and he walked me to the door. I asked if I could see his cock one more time, so he pulled down his shorts and there it was. It was just hanging there looking plump and soft. It made me horny instantly again, and I fell to my knees and started sucking it. Just as it was starting to get hard, I pulled his shorts up, said thanks and left.

I think I'll be back.