 When I was a kid, there was a slang term used to describe anal sex between boys or men. It was called "cornholing". No one thought of cornholing as gay or queer. It was just another sexual activity. It was an activity that I developed a fascination with and it became a favorite sexual fantasy of mine. Since I cannot write about early sexual contacts here, I will have to be intentionally vague and fast forward to my adult life. 

 I have always been a voyeur and many times I have witnessed others engaged in a variety of sexual activities. There were a number of times I stumbled upon these scenes. But often times I intentionally placed myself in a position to see and watch. 

 On those occasions when I watched two males butt fucking, I was never quite sure which appealed more to me. The idea of driving my cock into a tight asshole and seeing the guy's reaction. Or being underneath and feeling whatever it was that made some guys eagerly take dick in their ass. 

 The following events took place during the summer after I turned 18.

 There was a nice couple that lived down the street from us (For the purposes of sharing this story I will call them "Fred" and "Frieda".) They were both in their 50's. Fred was "semi-retired" and only went to his office a couple of days a week. (I don't think I ever knew exactly what Fred did, but apparently he owned his own business.) Freda was gone a lot to Florida to help take care of her elderly mother. She and her siblings rotated staying with her mom and providing care for her in her home. Since Frieda lived the furthest away, she would usually stay there for a couple of weeks at a time and then come home for a couple of weeks. 

 Fred and Frieda had a nice home, complete with a swimming pool in the back yard, surrounded by a tall wooden privacy fence. I had started cutting their lawn when I was 15. Fred was still going to work every day and that was before Frieda began her trips to Florida. Neither of them ever said or did anything improper to me during that time. 

 But after I turned 18, I began to notice some differences in Fred's behavior towards me. In those days I was lean with a swimmer's built. I also had free use of their pool in exchange for doing the pool cleaning and care. 

 One day, after I had finished cutting the grass, I went looking for Fred and found him sitting by the pool. After a bit of small talk chit chat, Fred told me I should jump in the pool and cool off. I told him I would have to go get my swim suit. Fred just smiled and stood up. "Haven't you ever been skinny dipping?" he asked. "Nobody can see back here. That's why I had that fence put up". 

 Fred dropped his swim suit and walked to the edge of the pool naked. I saw his half erect cock gently sway as he walked without the slightest hint of embarrassment. He was built solid with a moderate amount of hair on his barrel chest. His cock stuck out from a trimmed pubic bush. The hair on his head was thinning with the beginning of a bald spot in back. He dove into the pool and when he came to the surface he encouraged me to come on in. After a few moments hesitation, I stripped off my shorts, underwear and tee shirt and jumped in the pool. 

 And yes, the water felt great. We swam and chatted a bit. After about 30 minutes I told Fred I needed to get home. He told me he would get me a towel. He proceeded to get out of the pool and get a couple of towels out of a stand up locker. Instead of bringing a trowel to me, he just tossed one in a pool chair and said, "There ya' are." 

 I was trying to act nonchalant as I got out of the pool but the truth was, I felt myself getting a little turned on and I was trying not to stare at Fred's (approximately) six-inch penis that was now looking about ¾ hard. I could feel my cock starting to get harder as I reached for the towel. Fred dried himself off and then told me to turn around and he would get my back. As I turned he took my towel out of my hands and began to wipe my back. And then I got a surprise as he reached around with the towel and "dried" my cock and balls off. 

 Now I felt confused, light headed and more than just a little turned on. I grabbed my clothes and got dressed while I mumbled some thanks to Fred for the use of his pool. As I was letting myself out of the gate, the last thing I saw was Fred standing there with his hands on his hips and his cock pointing my direction. 

 I went home and went straight to my room where I proceeded to beat my meat for almost an hour (cumming three times). Normally when I masturbated, I thought about women I knew. But for the next week or so, every time I jerked off, I thought about Fred's dick. 

 About a week after the above incident I went down to Fred's house to take care of the pool. When I got there I saw a car parked in the driveway that belonged to a friend of his named Tom. I knocked on the door and rang the doorbell but got no response. I assumed they were out by the pool so I opened the door and let myself in. I heard Fred's voice coming from down a hallway so I went to tell him I was there. As I got closer I could hear moaning and only an occasional word or sentence. When I got to the master bedroom I stopped and peeked around the open door. Fred and Tom were laying on the bed naked. Tom was on his back with his arms above his head. Fred was laying next to him on his side. Fred was licking one of Tom's nipples while stroking Tom's cock with his hand. 

 Tom was built different from Fred as he was lean with a full head of dark hair with almost no hair on his chest. Tom's cock was a little longer than Fred's, and right now appeared to be swollen with a purple head. Suddenly Tom tensed up and arched his back. Fred increased the speed of his strokes and Tom released a couple of impressive ropes of cum that landed on his chest and were followed by an ooze of cum that went over Fred's fingers. 



I quickly (and quietly) retreated down the hallway to the kitchen where I got a soda out of the refrigerator. My plan being that if they came down the hallway and found me, I was going to pretend that I had just got there and was getting a cold drink to take out to the pool. 

 I waited for about five minutes and heard Tom talk about how good that had felt and Fred compliment him on the size of his cum load. When things fell silent I made my way back down the hall to see what was going on. This time I found Fred laying on his back and Tom laying between Fred's legs. Tom's head was bobbing up and down on Fred's cock. Fred was giving him verbal encouragement and telling him how great it felt. Every once in a while, Tom would remove Fred's cock from his mouth and lick all around the head. After several minutes of this, Fred finally told Tom to "get up and bend over". It was becoming more and more apparent that this was not the first time these two had done this dance. 

 As Tom positioned himself on his elbows and knees, Fred got behind him. During the time they had been repositioning, Fred had retrieved a jar of cold cream from the night stand. (Later found out the brand was "Albolene" if anyone wants to try it.) Fred apply a liberal amount to his fully erect and stone hard cock. He also applied some more to Tom's ass. Then he moved forward and aligned his dick with Tom's anal opening. Again, it was obvious that this was not the first time for these two. 

 Fred made a slow but steady push into Tom's ass. Tom responded with groans, gasps and moans of "Oh my God that feels so damn good." In one relentless push, Fred went balls deep into Tom's rectum. After a brief pause to let Tom finish adapting, Fred began a slow steady stroking of his friend's ass. Fred punctuated his fucking with occasional remarks about how good it felt and how tight Tom's ass was. Tom for his part was moaning and shaking his head back and forth, also talking about how good it felt to have Fred's cock buried inside him. 

 As they went at it, Fred slowly increased the speed of his strokes. Tom managed to gasp out that Fred felt extra hard today. "You must be thinking about that boy" Tom said. "You should have just grabbed his cock and started sucking". 

 I was suddenly stunned. These two mature men were cornholing and talking about me while they did. 

 Fred replied, "It was tempting. He has a great looking cock and it was certainly inviting when he got out of the pool." "But I didn't want to scare him off." Maybe next time he will be a bit more receptive." I would love to take hold of that pecker and feel how hard it gets when he shoots off."

 By how my cock was so hard it was almost hurting and I felt like I was going to shoot a load without even touching myself. 

 Fred stared thrusting into Tom's ass with increased speed and determination. Tom was pounding his hands on the bed and shouting into a pillow. Tom's cock was actually hard again. Suddenly Fred let out a yell and started slowing down as he emptied his balls into Tom's bowels. 

 Then both men collapsed on the bed, gasping for air. I decided to make a hasty retreat while they were oblivious to everything. I made my way back down the hallway and out the front door. As I was walking home I saw one of our female neighbors outside watering her lawn. She waved and I waved back. I have always wondered if she noticed the giant tent in my pants. 

 When I got home, I once again went to my room and spent the next hour jacking off. I came the first time within seconds of beginning to stroke my cock. But I didn't soften any and continued to rub my dick and replay in my mind what I had witnessed. 

 A couple of days later, I realized I still needed to go to Fred's house and tend to his pool. Perhaps at some point I can write about that visit. It had its own share of surprises. 


(If you like reading about my real life stories, please send messages or emails or post comments and rate the stories.)