 Sitting in the quiet of the cubicle my heart beating quite quickly as I listened for the noise of approaching footsteps on the tiled floor. The smell of the place was intoxicating. I breathed it in savouring the different scents and the dankness of the old building. I was sat in the end stall of a cottage on the green a triangle of grass which adjoined a cricket pitch and play area now seldom used and surrounded by tall bushes all but covering the small building from plain view.

I had been here a few times before but never like this. Previously I had entered the cottage and found a man stood at the urinal who glanced at me as I entered and carried on "peeing" or so I thought. I recall standing next to him and fumbling to get my cock free before attempting to pee too. I could sense he was not actually passing water at all but there was a slow deliberate movement as he stroked his cock that I could see from the corner of my eye. I could feel my face flushing as I tried to pee, with nothing happening I shook my cock which was semi erect now and stepped back and left the cottage. The man never moved. I sat in my car outside for a few minutes, but he didn't come out. The thought that he was one of the men I was seeking aroused me as I rubbed my cock through my jeans watching the cottage from about 50 yards away. 

My heart pounded as I saw another man enter the cottage, my cock stiffened at what he would find inside. After a few minutes he still had not come out. Oh my I thought I would love to be inside there now to see what was going on. It must have been almost 10 minutes later before the two men came out. The second man walked briskly away before about a minute or so later the first man walked slowly out and rubbing his crotch he headed in my direction!. I sat wondering whether to start my car and disappear quickly, but he was almost half way towards me. My face reddened as he came close enough to spot me sitting in my car. He smiled and rubbed his cock blatantly as he walked slowly past me, my heart was pounding with excitement and arousal. It was then I realised that my cock was still in view and in my hand too!

Oh my I thought did he see what I was doing? He had looked straight at me as he passed me he must have seen my cock!

That was two weeks ago. I had not plucked up the courage to come here again until today. Now I was sitting in the cubicle wearing a black lace thong trying hard not to touch my cock which was aching for me to do so. I heard the footsteps on the tile floor as someone came inside the cottage. My heart leaped with excitement and nervousness. My cock was suddenly soft in my sheer thong, yet I was still aroused. I heard the door to the next cubicle open and I could see through the hole a man entered. I watched as he took off his jacket and hung it on the peg on the back of the door. I knew he could see me through the hole and I watched as he stood rubbing the front of his trousers. I could hear his breathing as he rubbed slowly. I pushed my jeans right down exposing my thong to him. There was a gasp as he saw the sheer lace covering my shaved cock. This emboldened me and I allowed my hand to rub myself for a second or two enjoying the attention.

I watched as he undid his trousers and let the fall to the floor before stepping out of them and hanging them on the door too. I saw his white boxer shorts and could easily make out a sizeable bulge too. He rubbed his cock through his boxers as I watched he approached the hole in the wall as I sat transfixed.

"Take your jeans off." He whispered. I stood and slipped my jeans right off and stood in my thong and tee shirt.

I could hear his murmur of approval.

"Turn round baby."

I did as he bade me and slowly turned feeling his eyes taking in my tight ass as I closed my eyes.

"Very nice, mmm come closer to the hole baby." He whispered hoarsely. I moved closer until my ass cheeks touched the cool wall. I closed my eyes as I knew this was further than I had ever gone before. I was excited and wanted more.

I felt the touch on my ass cheeks, a finger slowly touching me sending thrills though me. 

I heard my own sigh in the quiet of the cubicle as involuntarily my hips moved wanting to stay in contact with the soft touch which was teasing me. I moved my hips and felt the finger stray between my cheeks and running across the thin material strap of my thong. Then it worked over my tight hole and gave me my first sensation of being touched there. I moaned out loud as it sent shudders through me. The finger kept slowly moving backwards and forwards then started a circular motion centred on my tight hole. I was wriggling more and starting to push back onto it but he didn't probe me. I felt his finger move away from my hole. I turned to look down at the hole in the wall and saw a thick cock sliding through. I looked at it as it slid back and forth, it looked so thick filling the hole and the tip was red and wet too.

I knelt before it, watching it closely as it sawed in and out in front of my face. I touched it and felt its hardness between my fingers. A moan filtered through the wall as I held it feeling the heat and the strength of his cock. I started to wank him as he fucked the hole in the wall. Then leaning forward I used my tongue to lick the head tasting him for the first time. Another moan. I had waited so long to suck my first cock and now it was so close as my tongue flicked over the head then slowly round the edge tasting him. A stranger's cock resting on my lips as I licked and then kissing the head resting the cock between my lips as I teased with my tongue. I sensed the wetness and then the salty taste filled my mouth but the warm pre cum was a turn on to taste. I licked some more then covered the wet head with my mouth. I heard the gasp through the wall as I started to suck slowly as I used my tongue over the head at the same time. I moved closer on his cock smelling the scent left on the edge of the hole as I sucked. The cock felt smooth in my mouth as I licked and sucked faster and deeper. The added scent from numerous previous cocks around the hole added to the arousal I was feeling.

My head was spinning as I sucked slowly at first trying to perfect my technique as my heart raced and my hand wrapped itself around my own cock, wanking as I moaned in unison with the stranger the other side of the wall. The heady scent of the cubicle added to the taste in my mouth stimulated my arousal to an extent that I found myself sucking faster and deeper, willing the hard swollen cock to give up its seed. The moans through the wall were muffled yet still audible spurring me on as I sensed the cock in my eager mouth swelling and thrusting faster as I sucked. Then as if on cue my hand working faster in time with my sucking felt the wetness of my own pre cum over my fingers as I started to edge closer to orgasm. He grunted and thrust further through the hole, the swollen head held still momentarily and then the pulses started followed by the first spurts of the warm spunk as it flowed into my mouth. I thought to move away but it was too late the first spasms of cum had already filled my mouth, I could taste it as my mouth filled with his seed. I froze as his cock spewed more cum into my mouth. I swallowed and the warm fluid with his cock still in my mouth. I could taste the saltiness yet sweet at the same time as I swallowed my first load. My own cock had exploded over my fingers and dripped tp the dirty floor. Moans filled the air as he slowly worked his cock in and out of my mouth, my tongue lapping and licking as I savoured every moment.

The cock slowly sagged and slid from my mouth. I watched as it slipped back through the hole, still aroused, elated and disappointed at the same time, wanting it to never end. I looked through the hole and watched as the guy zipped up his trousers and whispered, "Thank you baby." Then he left.

I sat back and started to clean up my own cum as I heard footsteps and the door to the cubicle open and close again ...