 I thank Nick Bella for his tremendous help in editing. 

***** 

I had recently broken up with a long-time lover and was free to once again enter the dating scene. I had purchased a home in the suburbs so driving into town to the bars was a long trip, I obviously couldn't get too drunk as I had to drive home. 

While at the bar I found a paper that had advertisements from people looking to hook up. I took the paper home and read through the ads, nothing really caught my eye so I decided to place my own ad: 

45 YO gay male, 6', 150 lbs., 6" dick, hairy chest, and stomach 

Would love to video tape you and me, oral sex plus...? 

As I was quite frank about my age and appearance and the fact I wanted to video tape it I didn't think I would have much of a response. Unbelievably to me, my phone started ringing off the hook! 

After several really hot guys and a few real duds, I had this guy come over; he was 39 with a hot athletic build, slightly balding, his chest was very furry, he had a fantastic 8" cock and big balls in a furry sack. I sucked him off on several different occasions, definitely a hot man, but he wouldn't let me video our sessions. I loved running my hands over his hairy body and his mouth was very talented. His round, muscular ass was also quite hairy and his legs were also covered in curly black hair. I think I dreamed of him every night. 

He called me a third time and asked if I would like to come over to his place for sex and something different. I was naturally curious; all he would tell me was I would like it. 

I drove over to his place that afternoon; as I drove down the street looking for the address I noticed there was a police car in the driveway of the home. I nervously drove down to the end of the road and turned around and parked, waiting to see what was happening. I waited for maybe 15 minutes, no activity at all from the house so I drove down and parked and went up to the door and rang the bell. 

The door opened and David was standing there completely naked. I motioned to the car and started to ask about it. 

"Oh, didn't I tell you I'm a cop?" he said with a sly grin. 

OK, mindfuck! 

"No" I replied as I walked in. 

He apologized for the fright he had given me. "I thought I told you, that's why I didn't want you to record us." 

The house was quite nice; he offered me a drink as I sat down. "Go ahead and take your clothes off, get comfortable." 

I removed my shirt first; then my jeans, as I pushed them down my cock jumped out already half hard. I sat down on the sofa and he sat next to me. He was running his fingers through my chest hair and playing with my nipples, my cock was pulsing with desire as we sat there. "So what's the big surprise?" I asked. 

"Oh, just a few more minutes, you'll see." 

We sat and chatted. I took full advantage of his closeness; I started playing with his cock and running my hand over his furry chest. I couldn't wait to get my lips on his magnificent cock. 

The doorbell rang, he stood up and opened the door, an older man, maybe in his 40's entered the room. "This is my brother Ray," David said to me. 

Ray grinned at me and shook my hand. "This is the surprise," David said as Ray started undressing. 

Wow!! I could see as he undressed that Ray was very much like David, furry, nice cock and balls, he was balder than David though. 

David pulled me up from the sofa, "Let's go to the bedroom." I followed him. Ray finished undressing and followed us. 

"You guys are brothers?" I asked. 

"Yes," said Ray "cock sucking brothers." He laughed. 

"We're both married to women but we've sucked each other off since we were kids," David added. 

That was something I had always wanted when I was younger, a brother that I could play with. 

I got on the bed next to David and started kissing him, Ray separated David's legs and lay down between them and started sucking his brother's cock and licking his balls. Ray worked the hard rod slowly, licking the shaft and then running his tongue around and around the mushroom head. 

David and I continued to kiss; Ray worked his way up his brother's body licking his fur, he then moved his head over onto my dick and started sucking me. 

I ran my hand over Dave's chest and teased his nipples, and then I pushed his arm up and licked the thick hair of his armpit. The brother's cocks were identical, long, thick and a nice olive brown color, both men were circumcised. 

David turned around and started sucking his brother's cock. 

Ray then turned toward his brother and the two hairy men were sucking each other while I ran my hands over their furry chests and stomachs. 

I was kneeling on the bed playing with them, my hard cock sticking straight out, it was so hot seeing these two brothers sucking each other. My mind was exploding with lust as I ran my hands over their furry bodies and perfect asses. 

Dave pulled me closer and he alternated between sucking my cock and his brothers, then we all laid down and I sucked Ray while he sucked his brother who sucked me. We all slowly worked the rod in our mouth, delighting in every inch of manhood. 

Dave ran his hand over his brother's furry ass and started fingering his hole. He licked his finger and started probing deeply into his brother's ass. Finally, he kneeled on the bed and pulled his brother around placing his legs over his shoulders. I watched as Dave worked his long hard cock into his brother's anus. He fucked his brother hard; Ray's cock was flopping on his stomach so I took it into my mouth and started sucking him. 

Ray pulled me over his head and was sucking my dick while his brother fucked him. 

"OK, my turn," Ray said. He pulled his legs off of his brother's shoulders and pushed him forward, Ray didn't even work Dave's hole first to loosen it up, he just put his hard cock up to the opening and slowly pushed the entire length of his cock in, fucking him doggy style. 

I moved up to Dave's face and started fucking his mouth, it was so hot watching Ray fuck his brother I had to slow down to avoid cumming in Dave's mouth. 

Ray pounded his brother's ass for a while, he looked at me, and "You want to fuck him?" he asked. 

I really am not that much into anal but my cock was nice and wet so I moved around, Dave's ass was already wide open for my cock. Ray took my cock and he leaned against me pushing my cock into his brother's ass. 

Ray lay down and licked my ass while I fucked Dave. I was super close to cumming so I pulled out after a few minutes. "I'm going to shoot my load guys," I told them. 

Ray opened his mouth, "Shoot it in here stud." I turned and pushed my rod between his lips, his tongue hit my shaft and I unleashed my load in his mouth. 

Dave got on his knees again, "Let me have some of that." He took my cock from his brother's mouth and started sucking it getting the rest of the load, draining my balls. He let go of my cock and started kissing his brother. 

I lay down on the bed and started sucking both of them; their balls were hitting my chin as they fucked my mouth one after the other. 

Dave was fucking my mouth and so Ray started sucking my cock again. Pretty soon Dave unleashed all of his sperm in my mouth. 

Ray stood on the bed and fucked Dave's mouth until he shot his load. He dropped to his knees and started kissing his brother, eating his cum out of his brother's mouth, and then he kissed me with his sweet cum kisses. Dave got on top of me and we all kissed each other for half an hour, all the while exploring each other's bodies with our hands. 

It was the most fantastic sex I've ever had!