 Set back from the road the small building stood in a glade of trees, it really did look like a small cottage complete with windows and doors and a tiled roof, but no chimney bellowing smoke not that is wasn't a hot house.

If a building could talk then this cottage could tell many a tale...

The bike was propped up against a tree not far from the cottage, he had often passed by the place and heard rumours about what went on in there but today was the first time he had plucked up the courage to go in. Robbie was 19 but looked a lot younger his dark hair and brown eyes and fit body had most of the girls at college trying to chat him up, but he was not interested he wanted cock not pussy.

He stood at the urinal his cock in hand, Robbie hand a nice smooth cock about 7" hard and quite thick his large heavy balls laden with young cum hung nicely as he gently stroked his cock. He heard a car draw up he was wary just in case he was attacked for being a queer by men not looking for fun so he stopped stroking and began to pee as the man walked in and stood next to him.

The guy was older probably in late thirties was tall and thin and he glanced over at Robbie smiled then looked down at his cock, Robbie had stopped peeing and was now shaking his cock clean of piss. The man took out his cock out and was stroking it watching Robbie he was well hung about 8" soft and getting bigger with each stroke his big purple head oozing pre-cum and the thick shaft had large veins running down it. 

Robbie gasped and stroked his cock to full hardness the man looked down at Robbie's hardness a big grim stretching across his face "Go in the cubicle lad" he said pointing to the door in the corned off the room, Robbie went in the man followed locking the door behind.

Robbie dropped his trousers as the man started to rub Robbie's cock he said his name was Paul and he was bi and adored younger guys. He got on his knees and slowly started to suck Robbie's cock. Slow long sucks taking almost all of it in, Robbie gasped as Paul licked his cock up and down and fondled his balls. Paul took all of Robbie's cock in his mouth and bobbed hard up and down it Robbie did not now how long he could last and just when he though he was going to shoot his load Paul stopped.

He motioned Robbie to sit on the toilet it was his turn to get sucked, Paul was forceful grabbing Robbie's head and pulling it towards his huge cock, Robbie opened his mouth as the huge cock was jammed inside Paul was fucking the young guy's mouth making him gag trying to shove his massive cock deeper into Robbie's throat.

Robbie gasped for air as Paul continued to fuck his mouth, Paul withdrew his cock finally giving Robbie a chance to wipe his mouth from saliva and take some deep breaths he pulled Robbie to his feet and bent him over the toilet. 

Robbie though oh my god he is going to fuck me with that huge cock it will split me in two he thought he had only ever put small things in his arse before like pens and once a small carrot but had never had a guy fuck him. He was worried, part of him wanted to stop and say no but most of him wanted to know what it was like to have a cock in his tight hole.

Paul got on his knees and spread Robbie's smooth ass cheeks apart revealing his virgin hole, he started to tongue Robbie's arse licking it roughly pushing his long tongue deep inside his ring. Robbie moaned in pleasure no one had ever done that to him before and he loved it. His arsehole was wet and then Robbie felt something entering his tight hole Paul pushed a finger deep inside stretching the lad's young hole then another and another he whispered "Need to loosen you up a bit first". 

Paul removed his fingers much to the relief of Robbie then Robbie felt his ring being assaulted again Paul's thick knob pushing against his ring. Robbie gripped the top of the toilet cistern and bite his lip in anticipation Paul's huge cock was splitting his ring apart "Just relax and take some deep breaths" Paul whispered in Robbie's ear. Robbie did as he was told. The pain lasted for a bit longer as Paul pushed more and more of his huge cock in the young lad's ass cramming it with his thick pole.

Paul managed to get over half in then slowly began to pump his cock into Robbie, pushing more of it in at every stroke, Robbie's cock oozed pre-cum and became rock solid he though to himself I want to cum but knew the slightest touch would make him cum and he wanted the moment to last a bit longer.

Paul was now picking up pace whilst Robbie still had some pain it was overtaken by pleasure as Robbie moaned Paul started slamming his cock into the young lads arse. "You like it don't you? you little slut!" Paul spoke quietly but with aggression in his voice. Robbie had never had anyone speak to him like that before but he liked it Paul was bringing out a submissive side he thought he never had. Usually he acted the tough guy to hide his gay feelings to his mates and often flirted with girls in front of them. Little did his mates know about how he wanked off thinking about them most nights.

Paul was gathering pace and had all but an inch left to go up the lads arse Robbie felt his balls tighten and knew his was about come and furiously wanked his cock as cum splashed everywhere over the toilet and the walls of the toilet. Paul to was about to cum and gave one big thrust up the young lads arse pushing his entire length all the way in, he groaned as his hot cum pumped into Robbie's arse filling him up. Paul kept his cock inside Robbie's arse until all cum had been planted in his hole then his pulled it out, cum started to leak out of Robbie's arse. Robbie smiled he had had his first cock and he loved it and more he loved being used like a slut.

*

Feedback please first story more to follow if feedback is good.