 The craziest thing I ever did? What the hell, I'll tell you. It started a long while back. Near the end of another hard winter day, freezing my ass off in the workshop ten hours straight. I was finishing up a PCV valve replacement, and my mind was already at Jack's; stool at the bar, my buddies playing pool, and a bottle of bourbon with my name on it. Tightened the valve hose, slotted it all in place, and slammed the manifold shut; midnight, quitting time. Grabbed a rag for my hands and headed out front, only to have a voice pull me up short. "Davis!"

It was the night foreman, Hank- had a nasty temper and no time for us mechanics. "Wrench monkeys", he called us in private; was always lying to the boss about us, trying to get us fired if we gave him any attitude. Pushed his head through the side-window, gave me that unfriendly squinty stare of his. 

"Got one last job for you, Davis- you ain't off just yet." 

Ugly bastard was always getting my back up, calling me by my last name, for chrissakes. Everyone else, even the owner, always called me Pete. 

"Come on, man," I tried a grin. "My shift finishes in five; Gary and Steve are gone already."

He gave me another dose of that ugly squint. 

"Guess what, Davis- I don't give a fuck. A fuel filter needs changing- you're the only grown-up wrench monkey on site."

My blood boiled whenever he spoke to me like that; chubby fuck probably never lifted a wrench in his life. I got a brief flash of slamming my fist into his face, smashing those giant glasses; but I knew sure as anything if I gave him any trouble, I'd be out a job with no reference, quick-sharp. The way the economy was, I wouldn't have another coming my way any time soon. 

I unclenched my fists resignedly. "Fuel filter, you say."

Could be a quick job, depending. Might make it to Jack's by one; the guys never went home until two. "Carbureted?" I asked hopefully. 

Hank's face split in a yellow smoker's grin. "No such luck, wrench monkey- it's fuel-injected. Guess you're not gettin' home any time soon." 

Could feel the anger rising, but did my best to keep my voice calm. "That's bullshit! It'll take too long! Plus," I tried to appeal to his rules, "Union regs say if I stay late I get a partner. Two-man job."

That yellow grin of his turned into a sharp scowl; I knew if I pushed it any farther, he'd get me for it. So I did my best to pull up a calm, polite face while he hesitated. "Fine," he snapped. "Two man job, alright." 

Since Gary and Steve were already at the bar, I figured that was me safe; I could do the job tomorrow on day-shift, when Hank wasn't around to make things shitty for me. He smiled darkly. "You can have the new kid, then- he's degreasing parts in the back. Get to work." 

He yanked his head back out of the window and waddled off, glad to get his nasty parting shot in. I heard him yelling for the new kid, rattling his keys as he got ready to lock up the doors and windows.

The new kid. What was his name, I wondered- Jake? Josh? Something like that. Whatever it was, he was seriously starting to compete with Hank as the most annoying thing about the job. Fresh out of some state technical college at twenty one, he strolled around cocky and grinning, like he owned the place. Always slacking off, thought he knew it all, bullshitted when he didn't. Someone needed to tell him a fancy diploma didn't make him a mechanic; at thirty-six, I had twenty years of experience. Problem was, he was that young and good-looking, it made my cock jerk when he strolled by. 

None of the other guys made a big deal of me being bi; back in the day when I was new on the job it might've been, but by 2010 it was just another quirk, like how Gary drank his whiskey with Red Bull or Steve wore his checkered shirts a size too big. Anyway, it was becoming one hell of a problem. Couldn't get too close in case someone noticed the reaction downstairs, if you catch my drift; a seven-inch hard-on gets noticed in the dumb fucking overalls the company makes us wear. In fact, I hadn't worked with him at all, now I came to think about it. 

I made my way round to Bay Three, hearing Hank's keys jangle as he started locking the doors. I had a quick look over the bulky black Honda I was supposed to change the filter on, before the new kid arrived, walking that same easy lope like he hadn't a care in the world, blond hair tousled as if he'd just rolled out of bed. 

"Oh, hey," he said. "Pete, right? Steve mentioned you the other day." 

I nodded at him with a grunt, trying my best not to look anywhere but his face. "I'm Jake," he said, heading round to the hood. "So what we got here?" There was a click from the front as Hank left, locking us in. 

By the time we got the engine exposed and the car positioned, I had to admit he might know what he was doing. Inexperienced, maybe- but talented; quick and careful hands that went exactly where they were needed. Did my best to focus on the task at hand, instead of imagining those skilful hands down the front of my overalls. "We'll have to relieve the pressure in the fuel line before we disconnect it," I said. 

I'd hardly finished talking before he was at it; checked the engine was off and whipped out the fuel pump fuse, giving me a cocky grin and a nod. I'd hardly even clambered into the seat and checked the emergency brake was on before the problem started- I glanced out through the wind-shield and saw him bending over to grab the new filter. Seeing the way the overalls stretched over his butt was too much; I had an instant cock-stand, swelling under the suit, instantly noticeable. I turned the ignition and the engine started up; the new kid jumped and looked round. I hurriedly looked away; had he seen me checking him out? Probably not. I tucked my hard-on away as best I could and patiently waited until the engine whined before turning it off. 

I had to get out for the next part, so I grabbed the checking clipboard from the dash and climbed out, doing my best to keep my crotch screened. He didn't look like he noticed; he unpacked the new filter while I disconnected the fuel lines from the old one and eased it free. I turned around- only to catch Jake glancing away like a jumpy cat. Had he noticed I was hard? Was he freaked out? Shit- the last thing I needed with Hank breathing down my neck was a harassment complaint. It was fuckin' disgusting, but the only thing I could think of- I pulled up an image of ugly-night-foreman Hank showering, feeling sick just thinking about it. That did it- the swelling downstairs eased away a bit as I turned back to Jake, relieved.

"Uh, which way does this go?" Jake bent over the hood, fiddling with the filter. 

"The arrow'll show you," I said, keeping my distance. 

"Arrow?" he asked. "I don't see one." A little pissed, I leaned past his shoulder and pointed at the arrow on the base, almost hidden among the Japanese characters and logos. 

"Sorry," he turned his face to mine and gave an embarrassed grimace. We were so close, all I could smell was him; that unique young-guy scent, with a hint of sweat and machine oil from the work. And that mouth of his- it probably tasted better than anything I'd ever known. Before I could stop myself, I got the briefest fantasy of coming hard into that mouth. Damn, it would feel so- My cock jerked up instantly, hard and erect, leaping past my underwear waistband and pressing hard against Jake's ass. Oh, shit! I jerked away hurriedly. For an instant I thought about getting the hell out of there, but it was impossible; the job had to be finished, we had to lock up, a dozen chores needed me. I couldn't just leave him on his own- but fuck, what was he going to say? Or do? It'd be difficult to explain to the guys if we ended up in a fight.

He kept working as though he hadn't noticed, reconnecting the lines and turning back to me, nothing in his face but open friendliness and enthusiasm. "Go on, give it a shot," he said. 

For a moment, I thought he'd read my mind; all I could think about was- then he said, "The ignition. Go on, give it a shot." 

Did he just wink? Half-dizzy, not even trying to say anything, I slid back into the seat and started it, hazily checking it was in neutral and the emergency brake was on. My mind was racing. It was fine. It was going to be fine. Jake was cool about it; he'd just pretend nothing had happened, or maybe he hadn't noticed at all, busy with the engine. We were going to finish up, I'd lock up, then go straight home for a shower and jerk off. That was what I was going to do- I repeated it to myself under my breath. Finish up, lock up, go home, jerk off. Fine. I pushed the starter, and the engine roared straight away. Jake glanced under the hood then gave me the thumbs up through the wind-shield. 

"Looks like the new filter's doing fine," he said. I turned it off, and leaned against the wall as Jake finished all the final checks, locked up the car and put the key in the office. He strolled back to the car as I headed over, and treated me to that cocky grin of his. 

"So, we're done," he said, nodding at the cheap workshop clock. "Only fifteen minutes- won't be late after all." 

He looked up at me, "Unless there's anything else?" 

Was he- surely- No, that's just damn crazy, my mind said. You're thirty-six, built like a linebacker and divorced, for chrissakes... That was about when I lost it. I couldn't resist any more. My whole world had shrunk; it was just me, Jake, and my throbbing dick begging for some relief. Whether he was going to slug me, get me fired or call the cops, I had to find out what that mouth tasted like. Even just once.

Trying to breathe steady, my hands were up before I could control them; they landed heavily on those firm shoulders, rough fabric under my palms. My pulse was racing; I could hear it throbbing in my ears. Surprise was all over his face; thinking it might be the dumbest thing I ever did, I leaned in and kissed him, feeling that warm breath on my face. He moved immediately; I guessed it was to pull away, push me, grab a wrench. Instead, his hands wrapped round the back of my head, pulled me in. 

His lips opened; it was every bit as good as I'd imagined, tasting that sweet mouth, our tongues touching, sliding. I pulled away for the briefest of moments, worried, looked at him; there was nothing on that face but fierce lust. He slid his hand over the crotch of my overalls, feeling my dick, squeezing my full length. It felt so amazing, I groaned aloud, reaching for him instinctively. A firm hard cock was straining against the material of his overalls just as urgently as mine was. 

I couldn't think straight; swamped by tidal waves of lust. In one easy movement, I turned him and grabbed at the fastening of his overalls; in my frenzy to get it open it tore and ripped downwards to his waist. He yanked his arms out of it, panting hard and groaning as loud as I was. In a brief moment of panic I glanced around; but the windows were all barred and shuttered, all the doors were locked. Hank's way of making life harder for me; inside, I laughed at him. Bet you didn't see this, did you, fucker? 

Jake leaned on the hood of the car, torn overalls round his knees. Underneath them he was wearing a black t-shirt and jeans; frantically he unbuckled his belt and I yanked them down with his underwear, exposing that perfect bubble-butt. 

I could feel myself leaking through the overalls just at the sight- it'd take too long to get them off properly. I grabbed a pair of shears from the tool-chest beside us and cut straight through the crotch; I was so reckless with desire it was dumb luck I didn't cut myself. I reached through the opening and unfastened my pants, pulled my cock free; the relief was beyond words. It stuck straight out through the tear in the overalls, thick and heavy- it felt like I hadn't come in years. Jake was already stroking himself, rock hard, sitting on the car hood. Did he think we were just jerking off together? No way- I needed more than that. 

I grabbed him, pulled him to me, tasted that mouth before turning him around. I yanked the top off a can of silicone valve lubricant, greased my thumb and pressed it between his ass-cheeks. 

He gasped in shock, "Dude, I've never- I mean, not-" I was barely listening, lost in the urgent need. Gently but firmly my thumb entered him, slid up inside him. 

He groaned aloud, "Oh, man, that's-" I could feel how tight he was- never even had a finger up there before, looked like. But he was relaxing more and more, easing the way as I fingered him with the lube, opening him. He was moaning hard, jerking himself. Thank God- I didn't want to stop now. I couldn't. Switching to two fingers, then three, I slid them deeper and deeper, listening to him groan in pleasure, my cock dripping hot pre-cum on his back.

Finally I withdrew my fingers, bending him firmly over the car hood. greasing my dick generously with the valve lube. It felt so hard it'd shatter. I grasped his hips with one hand and pressed forward with the other wrapped around my cock, prodding at his tight, virgin entrance, greased and ready. He gave another jolt of shock, looking back at me. "Oh, man- I've never had a- I can't- we need a rubber and- it'll hurt!" 

I needed to fuck him more than anything I'd ever wanted- it would be impossible to stop for a second, let alone go to find a rubber somewhere. I pressed up against him full-length, pulling him upright so his ear was beside my mouth. 

"Didn't my fingers feel good, boy?" I whispered. I could feel myself shaking.

"Yeah, man, that was-" he managed, panting. 

"And doesn't this feel good?" I slid my right hand, thick and oily with the lube, down his stomach, sliding my fingers over smooth muscle to wrap around his hard cock, stroking back and forth. He moaned helplessly, trembling against me as I gave him a firm, steady reach-around, watching the contrast between my hairy, brawny arm and his toned, smooth body. Then I took my hand away. 

"Don't stop!" he breathed desperately. In answer, I pressed my greased cock between his cheeks, lube and pre-cum leaking into him. 

"Yes," he breathed after a pause. 

"Yes what?" I teased, stroking my thumb along the base of his cock. 

"Fuck me," he whispered. "Fuck me raw, man." 

I felt myself grinning in triumph, bending him forward over the car with my left, guiding my cock with my right and sliding gradually into his ass. Goddamn, it felt good- he was tight, greased and clean, tensing at first but relaxing gradually, accepting my dick. 

I started slow at first, firm but gentle, sliding in and out until he was taking it easily up to the hilt, panting and grunting. Then I started faster and harder, long deep strokes, my balls pressing hard against his ass., his legs pressed against the cold metal bodywork of the car. I was dizzy with the pure feeling of it, delirious.

"Please, dude," he groaned, begging. "Please..." 

I leaned forward over him, tucking my hand around and grasping his dick; throbbing so hard, I could feel his pulse. I fucked him hard over the hood, gauging his reactions, slowing down when he winced in pain and speeding up when he groaned for more. Gripping him firmly, I gave him that final slide with my hand, pushing him over the edge; he screamed as he came, splattering his load across the black, glossy paintwork. 

This was too good to be true, I told myself. It had to be a dream. But if I had dreams this amazing, this fucking hot, I'd never come to work at all. Grabbing those perfect hips with both hands, I pounded in harder, hearing a loud groan of ecstasy; I was almost surprised to realize it was me. There were fireworks exploding in my head; I plunged in and came in an explosion, crying out, spurting warm cum inside him, pulling out for a moment then plunging in again full-length, wet and slippery and fucking fantastic. 

We collapsed gently onto the concrete floor, panting hard, his head in my lap. Before we knew it we were both roaring with laughter, shaking and worn-out, catching our breath. 

Finally Jake laughed, "I thought you were a crabby asshole," giving my sticky cock a long lick. 

"And I thought you were a cocky little shit," I chuckled, ruffling his blond hair. I waited a moment, thinking, then glanced up at the clock. Nearly one am. Plenty of time to get to Jack's and meet the guys before they headed home, I figured. "I don't know about you," I said, "but I could sure as hell use a drink."

So that was how it all started, strange to think about it as years ago now. Funny as hell how life throws you these coincidences sometimes; after all the shit I've had, it was one heck of a surprise to get something good for once. Last Sunday we had a lazy morning in bed when I found myself thinking about that day. 

"I'm glad I did it," I said to myself. 

"Did what?" asked Jake, smiling up at me. 

I grinned happily. "The craziest thing I ever did."