 I’d been to San Onofre’s nude beach dozens of times before but on this day, after a warm morning covered in tanning oil, I decided to go for a walk. I’d gotten a little horny lying naked in the sun for two hours so I thought I’d head down to where all the adult fun was rumored to happen. Having heard dozens of stories over the years about the southern extremes of the beach, I headed that direction with high hopes. 

I left everything behind and walked about a mile down into the military base past countless other nude people to arrive at what I suspected was something I’d heard referred to as “The Crack”; a deep narrow ravine in the cliffs where all the real fun supposedly took place.

Just after turning to enter the ravine, I came upon a thin, tan, older gentleman who appeared to be waiting for someone. We exchanged pleasant hellos as I passed him and continued on my way. About 20 yards further in, I was passed by a 40-something guy on his way back out to the beach. He was covered in perspiration and his glistening cock looked to be about half erect. Continuing on my way, I soon came across another older gent who was stroking a very full erection and whose mouth and chest was covered with fresh cum! It was immediately obvious that he’d just finished sucking off the guy that had passed me and at that moment, I knew that I had indeed found the infamous “Crack”. Always ready to help a friend in need, I stepped in next to him, replaced his hand with mine and jacked him the rest of the way off. He came very hard, cum spurting out of his cock in long streams, flying several feet across the path. He laid back and muttered a soft “thanks!” 

My excitement level quickly rose along with my cock as I moved on and headed deeper into the narrow canyon, not knowing what I might find around the next corner. To my complete surprise, what I found was a couple deep in the throes of some very hot oral sex and one of the two guys I’d met several times before on weekends at the beach. His name is Dan and I’d had a few nice conversations with he and his wife over the years and knew him to be very straight so I was surprised to see him sitting on a small rock as a good looking, young Hispanic guy devoured his ample cock. I stood back a bit and watched as Dan’s cock completely disappeared into the guy’s throat again and again until his body tensed up and he came. I was jealous as hell watching the young guy enjoying Dan’s cum and wondered why I’d never thought to suck Dan off myself! 

I decided to leave the two of them to their fun and continued on my way. After rounding several tight corners, I entered an open area with steep cliffs on three sides, signaling the farthest reaches of the ravine. Just around the last corner, I found two more men standing very close together jacking one another off. One was older and extremely fit, with a smoothly shaved body like my own and a full shock of gray hair. He was thoroughly covered with tanning oil and had a very large cock. The other was tall, dark and handsome with dark hair and a moustache and while wearing an open, Hawaiian print shirt, was otherwise as nude as everyone else on the beach. He had a nice sized cock too and the gray haired guy was obviously enjoying the feel of it in his hand. The two of them backed away from one another when they saw me but I told them not to worry and they asked if I’d like to join them. 

Not one to waste a great offer, I stepped closer and they simultaneously grabbed my quickly stiffening cock! Once the three of us were all hard, it was time to get down to business and I knelt down to take the tall guy’s cock in my mouth. He let out some nice moans and grunts as I swallowed his 8” cock while I jacking the older guy’s oily member. No sooner had I begun to switch back and forth between their delicious cocks, I was delighted to find a third front of me. Apparently, the older man that I’d happened upon when I first entered the Crack had followed me and was now standing in front of me with a very full erection. I was in Heaven! I changed between the three of them until I got tired of crouching down and decided the thin older guy was going to get it first. 

He bent at the waist and took the tall guy’s cock in his mouth while I moved behind him and slipped my cock into his ass. His rectal muscles tightened around my shaft as I pressed all the way in and I could hear his muffled moans of ecstasy as he sucked the tall guy’s beautiful cock. The older buffed out guy then moved next to the tall one and he began to suck each of them alternately. Suddenly, I felt the familiar feeling of a cock against my own ass and turned to see that the Hispanic guy that had earlier been sucking my friend Dan had slipped in behind me and was about to slip his cock in my ass! I spread my legs a little and in he went. I nearly came right then and there! I hadn’t been in a sandwich in a long time and I forgot what a great feeling it was to fuck one guy while getting fucked by another. 

My ass fucking finally got to the old man and he started to cum. I pulled out for a moment and he leaned back against me as I held him tight. The tall guy bent down to enjoy his fairly violent orgasm, firing large streams of cum into his wide-open mouth. As he did, the Hispanic guy began to lose it and started fucking me hard and fast, pulling out at the very last second to spray his hot, white cum all over my back.  

Next, the tall guy lay down on his shirt and the buff older guy stood over him for a few seconds before sitting down in his cock. I then moved in front of the older guy and he instinctively took my cock in his mouth performing some of the best, male or female, oral work I’d ever experienced! My 8½” cock completely disappeared in his mouth, his nose pressed hard against my pelvic bone and his tongue darting out across my balls. I begged him to teach me how to suck cock like that which he readily agreed to do! I couldn’t wait!

Finally, I decided to really test the buff guy. I moved in behind him, knelt down and slipped my cock into his ass as well, double penetrating him as I felt the tall guy get just a little bit harder as our cocks twisted together inside the older guy’s ass. The three of us were happily fucking away when to my delight, I felt another cock pushing into me. Turning to see who it was, I was stunned to see Dan’s face as his cock pushed into me. I was again in Heaven! 

Soon enough, the four of us started fucking each other very hard, grunting, moaning and finally cumming within seconds of one another. First, the buff guy let go and shot a huge load straight into the tall guy’s mouth quickly followed by Dan cumming in my ass. Then, a second later, the tall guy let go in the buff guy’s ass and then I pulled out, stood up and painted the tall guy and the buff guy with a huge load. We drew a great applause from the dozen others that had gathered to watch our show!