 His hand was waving through my hair messing it up and making it wild. His lips on my neck, and his body over me. He was kissing my neck with extra emphasis with his tongue. On and on he went, rubbing me with his entire body softly and sensually. He rubbed his abs among mine and his cock was rubbing against mine and it was giving me so much ecstasy. I was moaning and grunting so loud. 

"Did you like last night Zack?" Henry asked me with a whisper.

I could only moan yes then put my hands on his soft and smooth but cheeks and push down. "Oh! Yes! That feels so good." Yelped

My face nudges his a little and he brings his soft lips up to mine. He leans in for the kiss and I accept, gracefully massaging his bottom lips. The kiss lasts for quite a while, but then breaks off when the sound of the front door closing is heard. I yelped a little and rush into the closet, off on the upper left corner in the room.

Henry picks up my clothes to hide the secrets and runs into the bathroom that is connected to his room. Stains of jizz still scratch the bed. Apparently another one of mine and Henry's cousin, Freddy had come to visit us. He yells our names out to see if we are there. I, absentmindedly put on some of my cousins clothes without any undergarments because we both wear almost the same size.

I barge out, started guarding Henry's Room Door and asked "Yea! I'm here, Waddya Need?". I sounded rushed, so it made me look nervous.

"Is everything alright?" He asks suspiciously. "It seems your trying to hide something.". He walks over and pushes me out of the way and opens the door to see Dried Cum Stains on the bed. "You were masturbating. Hah, that's nothing to hide from me. I'm like your older brother."

When he said older, he meant older. Freddy was 30, and still single. Which was still a mystery to me because he rocked an awesome body, (Better than Henry and Mines of course) and a pretty hot face with black spiky hair. He had a black Shoaling Tattoo on right under his neck on his back. On top of that, he help up a whopping fat cock. It may have been only 7 Inches, oh but was it thick.

How did I know his Cock width? Well, that's a story for another day, but lets get back on track. He started laughing a little then picked me up and slammed me on the bed. Henry then walked out the bathroom with my clothes on his back. Freddy looked over and said "hey man, what's up?"

Henry though, could mold his face into making people accept any lie he told. He replied "Nothin' much man, how bout you?".

"I was pinning down Zack here. C'mon, you 2 versus me?"

"Sure" I replied and Henry nodded in agreement as well. But as you know, all wrestling matches that include at least 2 gay people become sexy parties. Henry ran up and jumped on Freddy's back pushing him down on top of me. I started getting a bulge and since I was not wearing any undergarments, It started showing through the brown plaid shorts. On top of that, it started poking his abs. He got off me then turned around, grabbed Henry by the shoulders and pushed him on the bed right beside me.

I moved away the second he got off of me and after Henry hit the bed, I pushed him and he landed on top of Henry. Then I noticed the Henry was calmly touching Freddy's Cock. Freddy took his hand and grabbed the tent in my pants and pulled towards his ass. 

"So, you thinking what I am" asked Henry Curiously.

Freddy blushed a little then started pulling down the pants on Henry's legs all the way down. And quite the coincident, Henry had no underwear either. Apparently him and I were really horny because our Cocks were instantly hard and Henry split his legs wanting to be rammed, and rammed hard at that.

I got excited and rushed down Freddy's pants and boxers in one stroke. I then followed up with mine and you'd be surprised to see that all 3 of our meaty cocks were erect. At this point, Henry was on his back, with his legs split wide on Freddy's shoulders. Freddy took his dick and jammed it inside Henry. Freddy's cock was so wide, even Henry moaned in pain. Then Freddy bent his back a little and I slowly inserted my dick into Freddy.

It was like a fuck parade, and Pain became pleasure in a matter of seconds for Henry and Freddy. They enjoyed the ramming Freddy and I were giving and Henry's G-spot was being hit. His prostate was constantly being rubbed, and boy was he moaning. When ever Freddy's cock was pulling out of Henry, I was pushing mine into Freddy. Henry started to pre-cum, and Freddy was flexible enough to take his mouth and start sucking on his Dick while hardcore Fucking him right in the ass. All you could here was loud moaning and pure hard Core Sexuality.

Freddy gave a joyful blow job and it became too much for Henry because of his rammed G-Spot and the marvelous blow job, Henry came after just 2 shaft licks. Freddy kept his mouth on Henry's still erect penis and let the cum fill up his mouth. He then pulled his cock out of Henry and jizzed all over Henry's stomach while still keeping the cum in his mouth.

At that point, I had already cum in Freddy's ass and there was a lot because he was dripping, even with my cock still in him. I pulled my Cock out and Henry turned around and started kissing me, with all that cum in his mouth. I couldn't help myself and stole some, as we both french kissed and swallowed the cum.

Henry and Freddy then got up and grabbed me, pushing me to the bed. They both still had Erect Cocks and they both went in my ass at the same time. I was on the bed on my side, with Henry in front of me and Freddy behind. They both were shoving their Big fat Meaty cocks up my ass and I don't think I've ever been stretched that wide. But the more pain to start, the more pleasure to end.

The max I've ever Cum was three times in a row, and this was my second. Usually, My Cum would go downhill from the second, but this. Oh was this different. The second shot was greater than the first, and since 2 cocks were ramming my G-Spot, squirt after squirt kept coming. Non-stop jizz just shot out of me and I kept feeling more and more pleasure.

Then, seconds after I jizzed, Henry and Freddy jizzed up my ass at the exact same time. The Cum found it's way out of my ass, which was stuffed with 2 meaty and fat cocks.

"So Henry, did you like that" asked Freddy Curiously

"Best one we've ever had" He replied

"Wait, you 2 have done it before?" I was shocked.

"Of course, so have you and I Zack" answered Freddy

Henry, Freddy and I started laughing and then they pulled their cocks out of me. It wasn't even 12 o' clock in the afternoon and I just had my first three way with 2 of me really hot cousins.Freddy then went down to my cock and started blowing me, while Henry crept to my ass and started rimming me. I just lay there in pleasure, being rimmed and blown. Oh, what an experience. Of course now that I finally came out to Henry, Freddy dropped by a lot more often.