 Disclaimer: Fiction

*****

I got up and took a look at the clock on my nightstand. The sun was shining bright through the gap in the window curtains and all I could think about was the incredibly brazen and hot experience I had the day before. I had become a fully fledged cum-collecting hobbyist!!

After having spent my entire adult life focusing on building up my income and unremarkable career to build a successful life and attract a beautiful woman, I had found myself in a completely different path. Sure I had a decent job and a decent place to live, even after my ex wife kicked me out and took well over half of the money and assets I had worked tirelessly for years to gain. Money and Assets she was now showering her new young boyfriend with. This was the result of months of having being unfaithful to me in our marriage.

I didn't become an antisocial self-serving cum-loving pervert overnight, it happened through years of contempt and neglect, years of being told that I was not good enough, and years of being taken for granted with my basic needs and desires completely ignored.

The upside of this experience is that I felt less and less inhibited as time went by. Many of my life-long biases and prudishness were withering away and i felt free-er and excited to have been introduced to the bi side of life.

I was now into my third day of my cum collection project and I had collected a lot more cum than I could possibly have imagined. In a period of two days I had built up a reserve of 7 cum shots into my 8 oz liquor bottle in my freezer. I got up and walked down to the freezer, opened the door and grabbed my bottle. the bottom half had over an inch worth of cum in it, and some of it wasn't even mine. 

I could feel my cock growing as I handled the bottle and smelled it. The smell of cum is such an incredible turn-on that I couldn't help but go back and forth that morning sampling the smell and looking at the texture. After a while though, I knew I had to get out and go do something before the work day was once again upon me.

I thought getting away for the weekend would be a wise thing to do. I've always enjoyed going camping and hiking. I usually go alone (surprised?) and this time of the year was warm enough that I could bring my 3-season tent and light sleeping bag. I made some reservations at a campground in the countryside I haven't been to before and started packing the rest of my gear.

After finishing some extra work assignments my boss always slips me minutes before the end of the weekday (and of course never pays me overtime for) I finally hit the road. I drove a good 3 hours until it started getting dark out. I saw a welcomed rest stop sign up ahead and pulled over to take a break. It was the first exit I had seen in some 30 miles, and since this was my day off after all, there was no point in rushing anywhere. This rest stop was right off a rural truck route and had a few trailer trucks and just one other car parked there.

I got out to stretch my legs out and take a piss, which was pretty much what everyone else stopped there for, I thought. Living in a big city, I love travelling to rural towns because unlike in big cities, people actually acknowledge and even smile at each other. Friendliness and small talk seem to be the theme for most people I've run across on the road.

Walking towards the restroom I noticed a couple truckers standing and lounging around the lot, one of them gave me a long stare, he looked like he had been drinking (wtf?). I nodded and said hi, to which he nodded his head and kept staring as I walked by. The building with the restrooms were poorly lit. All you could see was the dim glow reflecting off the walls, urinals, sinks, and stalls. It was muggy with a couple mosquitoes flying around.

As I started letting off a stream of pee into the urinal, I was contemplating a quick risky jerk off session while I was there. By the time I had done peeing my dick had started to get hard and I started stroking it gently. Right then I heard a noise in the back, it sounded like someone else had just walked into the rest room. It was one of the older truckers, maybe in his 50's. He quickly walked towards a urinal, unzipped, and peed too. As I was zipping back up, he looked at me and smiled. I innocently smiled back, and said "hi" to try and break the awkwardness.

"Mmhh. Nice Cock." The old trucker said, peeking down giving my ass and crotch a long look. "I jerk my dick here too sometimes." he said.

He finished peeing and turned towards me with his pants and boxers pulled down below his waist and showed me his half-erect dick.

I was taken by surprise, to be honest. He was an older somewhat hairy guy with a big gut and an average 5" but thick dick. I casually complemented him saying he looked hot (which in my horny mind, he did) and that he had a nice cock as I tried to look away, not knowing what kind of guy this trucker was. 

I quickly walked out of the restroom, got into my SUV, and was about to turn the ignition on and get out of there, but something in me told me to pause, take a deep breath, and accept my sexuality. I thought about it, and realized that he could not have been such a bad guy. He was a commercial trucker so he had to have some sort of half-decent record. My perverted mind went right back to what I had just seen; this trucker's average but real cock pointing at me.

I sat there a few minutes more until I saw the old trucker exit the restroom. He was walking back to his truck nonchalantly as I tried to motion him over to my SUV. Instead, he kept walking towards his 18 wheeler slowly and gave me a sexy little "come here" motion with his index finger as he climbed into his truck.

I was frozen. I was scared to walk out there in front of all these other truckers at the rest stop, but it was very dark out by then and I decided to swallow my pride and take a chance. I walked over and knocked on his 18 wheeler's passenger door. He unlocked and opened it for me. It was quite a climb up but once i was in the cabin it felt nice and sheltered as it had wraparound curtains set up for the night. He had one of those larger cabins with a microwave, mini fridge, TV, and bunk beds.

As I looked around I noticed him sitting back, peeking down at my ass with desire, biting his lips.

He looked me in the eyes and said "I noticed you drooling earlier."

"I've had a long day and well.. sometimes I get horny and fantasize to relieve the boredom of the road." I answered in a a submissive tone, trying to elicit a sexy response.

"I know what that's like, but tonight will be different because tonight I will be your daddy and make you feel right where you belong." he said in a stern but sexy voice. "Come have a seat in the back, I have some porn playing on the screen. Take your pants off and come sit by me." He instructed.

I smiled and felt nervous at the same time. I followed him and he turned on the little TV in the back. He had some porn playing, what looked like old men fucking women half their age. It was pretty hot. After I pulled my pants off and sat down, he squirted a big goop of KY jelly right into my hand from a new tube, and then squirted some in his. We started jerking off sitting next to each other watching that porn together. My dick was now fully hard and so was his. The head and shaft of his dick was glossy with KY and looked incredibly tasty. 

I was really enjoying this. In the middle of a strange distant place, over a hundred miles from home on a desolate road, I found some warmth and some pleasure. After masturbating through half of the film, he asked me what I was into. I eagerly told him about my little ongoing project, to which he reacted turned on and starting being lot more explicit in his language.

"What are you going to do with all this cum, you weird nerdy fag?" He asked. "I know, you will slurp it all up one day like the whore that you are." he proclaimed with a smirk.

I got a little nervous. This trucker was older than me, but also much bigger at 6'. The condescending words oddly turned me on as well.

"Only sometimes.. when I really want some. I'm mostly straight," I said in a weakened voice.

"Is tonight one of those times you little cum whore" he asked?

Again, I felt scared.. All I could do was mutter a horny and helpless sounding "...uhmmm uhuh"

He took that as a complete acknowledgement of my hopelessly horny mood. He got up off the bunk bed without saying anything and pointed his now fully erect cock right at my mouth, a half inch away. I sat there drooling as he slowly slipped the hard head of his dick inside my wet mouth. The sensation was incredible. I couldn't help but start sucking and slopping it up, only taking it in about halfway, as deep as I could, until he pushed me back.

"Wait. Daddy wants to feel his dick inside you." 

He said forcefully.

I wanted to keep his dick in my mouth some more but I was caught in a strange trance of wanting to please him. I turned around and laid flat face-down on the lower bunk bed as he pulled my pants down, squirted some KY on my asshole and slowly fingered it inside my ass an inch or two. He squirted some more and then some more and kept fingering me deeply as I squirmed around and moaned trying to feel the ecstasy as much as i was feeling the pain.

"Daddy can feel the inside of your asshole it's so tight boy.. you're going to feel every inch of daddy's dick" he said.

He then positioned himself behind me doggy style and started pushing the tip of his dick against my puckered asshole. I was pushing back squeezing hard but his dick was so big that it was stretching out my asshole more than it's ever been, eliciting a scream of pain. 

He pushed my head down into the mattress, and whispered "hold on Daddy is almost in!" He continued to push, "MMMMHHH! That's it! who's your daddy? Yeahhh mmmhhhppp!" he grunted.

"You are going to make daddy shoot his big juicy cum load deep inside your cumwhore asshole!" he shouted at me.

"Who's a good little boy with a tight little asshole?" he whispered.

He started fucking my asshole one firm hump at a time. The pain and the pleasure were equally unbearable. I tried to tune out and just let this man use my ass like a fuck doll, just mindlessly fucking me, pushing my whole body down in the bed with my head against the wall of the truck cabin. I thought I may have failed in life but at least I was successful tonight in that I was not only working hard to build a big fat load of cum for my collection, but I was also giving this stranger I had just met in a truck stop restroom an incredible amount of pleasure, so much pleasure that my ass alone was about to make him explode in ecstasy and shoot all of his hot sperm out for me.

He went on for over half an hour, only stopping to pull out, and squirt another wad of KY on my asshole before impaling it again. He was on top of me, fucking my ass frantically like a castaway who had just fucked another human being for the first time in years. right when he was about to cum, he pulled out, grabbed a big Dixie cup he had in his cabin, and yelled out as he came shot after shot of hot cum into it while squeezing my ass cheek to a glowing red color.

I thought he was going to pass out it was so intense. He collapsed into the bunk bed next to me, and we both laid back and relaxed some until he popped in another porn DVD. this one was of a bukkake, which made my dick hard again. My asshole was hurting, BAD but I was still hard from before. He got on his knees, laid me down in the bed and took my dick in his mouth and started sucking slowly as i was watching the porn on the screen. It didn't take long for me to start edging, squirming around in the bed, and shooting all my cum in his mouth.

He took it all in but did not go for the Dixie cup, instead he hovered back on top of me and kissed me, passing me my OWN cum I had just shot out.

"Be a good boy," he told me, "and swallow for daddy."

I reluctantly did, and it was salty, but a huge turn on. I pulled my pants back up and limped back to my SUV, holding my Dixie cup like it was some coffee, praying I wasn't going to pass anybody there too closely, which I didn't.

I got back in my car, poured the contents of the Dixie cup into a small empty bottle I had brought along, put the bottle on ice in my cooler, and drove on to my campground. I got there a lot later than anticipated but thankfully the gate was still open and I went off to my campsite, parked, got comfortable inside my sleeping bag with my mind wandering off with nothing but sexy and exciting feelings crawling through my body.

This was the most fun trip I've taken in a while and I made the most of it.. including scoring a fresh new load for my collection. I dosed off feeling warm and happy and totally satisfied in my weird twisted way.