 Disclaimer: This story may contain scenes of a graphical nature that may not be legal in your area. If you are under 18, or if material of this nature is illegal in your present location, please leave now. By reading on, you are confirming that it is legal for you to view the material in this story.

This story is a work of pure fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental, and no harm or slanderous intent is implied or intentional.

Unsafe sexual practices can be undertaken with impunity only in the world of fantasy. In reality, it is both your obligation and your right to play safely, sanely and healthily. I hope you enjoy my work, and if you have any comments, or ideas that may inspire new work, please feel free to contact me - all e-mails will be answered to the best of my ability. 

End of Part 2

"Is that my name, Cleo?"

"Nope, I don't know your real name yet. I never thought to ask the man from whom I purchased you, what your name was. He called you that. But for the meantime it will serve as well as any."

"Purchased me? I don't understand."

"Yes I brought you. You are now my property. You were his bitch. Now you are mine!" The brothel keeper said, as he bent over Dexter's face and placed a light kiss on his swollen lips. "Rest and get well. We will talk about your past and your future when you are stronger."

The Customer/ Dexter's Saga Part 3 By Joystick

A few days passed and with each day another small detail forced its way into Cleo's consciousness. He started to remember coming to the Shuk looking for some furnishings, but every time he was just about to make a breakthrough, he lost it again.

Sultan stood by and played the role of mother hen. He would spend several hours a day with him, hearing his ramblings, applying cold compresses to his face and changing the dressings. Then one day about a week and a half later, Cleo remembered his name and soon after that almost everything that had happened came back. He started to cry and then became furious. Sultan held him in his arms and tried to calm him but it was too much for him to grasp. He could not understand this idea of ownership that Sultan had talked about. Over and over Sultan tried to explain how he could now own the blond man.

"You said you purchased me from that pig and that I am now your property. How can you purchase a human being? How can you purchase something from someone who does not own it? Achmed never owned me. I was and am a free man, not a slave that can be purchased, sold or traded. How can you own me? What the hell is going on here? Did I fall down a rabbit hole or something?" Dexter demanded.

"Calm down and I will attempt, one last time, to explain the unexplainable to you. I guess in a sense you did fall down the 'Rabbit Hole'. As you know our town is an island. In order to get here you had to take the ferry. We have our own little community here. It is a separate incorporated town. Muslims founded this town many years back. We have formulated and live by our own laws. Our own courts and justice department are under the control of the community. For a price, the local and state authorities are all too glad to let us handle our own affairs. That price is very high and as long as we make the bribe payments in full, on time and don't cause them problems, they are happy to let us police and tend to our own needs. You, my dear, unfortunately stumbled into our community and Achmed's stupid lust made him take you as his bitch.

"I had no choice. He never asked me. He drugged and raped me!

"That may be so and if it is true, we will take care of him later. The fact remains that he made you his bitch. This meant that your body belonged to him. Now this may be against your laws but it is not against ours. Achmed is one of us and we protect our own. After he had his fun with you, he then decided to make some money off of you. He called me, knowing that I run the best brothel on the Island and he knew I would pay lots of money for a blond. The moment I saw you I knew we were in trouble so I formulated this plan to get you out of there. We just could not let you return to the outside world and ruin our set-up here so I had to think fast. I could think of only four options."

"Number one, I could have refused to buy you, but Achmed would have only sold you to one of the other brothels. This was unacceptable to me because I am first and foremost a businessman and I could not permit that beautiful body of yours to be used by one of my competitors."

"Number two, I could have taken you from him by force and then let you go. This too was unacceptable because again you could have exposed us to the outside world and we could not have that."

"Number three, we could have killed you and disposed of your body. It would not have been difficult to do. Nobody but the two of us would have known about it... But, to get rid of such a wonderful body again as a businessman.... that would have been too much of a waste."

"Number four, I could have purchased you from him and taken you to a safe place to treat your wounds and give us time to perhaps find a better way. As you can see, this is the one I decided to take."

"So, I paid him cash for you and by our laws I now own you. You are mine to do with as I please and it pleases me to have you work for me."

"But I don't want to work for you. I have a good job and I make a good salary." Dexter said.

"That may have been so, but no more. That life no longer exists. It's gone, learn to live with that fact. You could do a lot worse. I run a high class house here and like it or not you are going to be one of my employees now." He told him. "You must accept that fact or..... or something worse will happen to you. Your life has changed and you can make of it what you want. If you willing work for me I will see to it that you have a good life. If not, since I do not believe in forcing people to do anything, I will just sell you to one of the other brothels. As much as I hate the thought of doing this, you will leave me no choice. Unlike me, they seem to have no problem with the use of physical force and/or the use of drugs. In fact some of them prefer to do that, just like Achmed. They can and will make you service all the low lives in the community. As you know blonds are a rarity if non-existent here and I could get a very high price for your body, perhaps two, three hundred thousand or more. The men would be lined up for miles. You will be raped over and over until you are senseless. You will come down with every vile disease there is. You will pray for death, but it will not come soon enough for you."

"And if I work for you, why will it be any different?" Dexter asked.

"I like to think that I run my establishment different. I do not allow just anyone in here. I would not have clients the caliber of an Achmed. My customers are wealthy and clean they are not from the bad end of the town. They would not patronize a place that did not have high standards. Some of them are even members of the government and one of them is our police chief along with several of his finest officers. They come from the finest families and while they do like their sex on the wild side – they know and respect the fact that I do set limits. No one that has ever worked for me has ever been treated like you were when you were with Achmed. I will not permit it. And as you saw, I do have the services of a first class doctor who tests and cares for both me and my people."

"You make it sound so respectable." Dexter said. "I'm sure it is not as wonderful as that."

"There's some nice things about working for me, however, once you decide to work for me, don't even think of trying to run away. Running away is THE BIG NO-NO. Even if you were able to get off my property, you would not be able to leave the island. My friends in the police would be only too glad to use their dogs and they would hunt you down like you were a wild animal. Once you were recaptured, they would however not return you to me. No, once off my property, you would no longer be under my protection. You would be deemed fair game. You would be stripped nude and placed in our county jail here on the Island. Once that happened, I'm afraid that I would have no say in your treatment. There you will be forced to service the prisoners and the guards until you beg to come back here. But by the time they were finished with you – you would be either dead or of no use to anyone. Do you understand this? I want you to know all this so you can make an intelligent decision. It is up to you. Tell me what you want to do."

"I want to be free. I want to get out of here and away from you, your laws and your friends."

"I know you do, however that is not an option. Be realistic, work for me and I will see to it that you are well cared for. Perhaps someday if you work hard and prove to me that you have become resigned to your new life, I might even free you. But you must learn to not only accept this new life but also to love doing it. By that time we will have made each other rich. Who knows you may have even found a lover who will care for you. This has happened to some of my former employees. Think about all this. I will be back after lunch for your answer." He said handing him a package. "By the way, here is a small gift for you. Since Achmed threw away all your clothes, I thought you might like to have a pair of pajamas to wear. It is my first gift to you."

"Thank you." He said taking the gift.

"Eat lunch. Take a shower and put them on. There is nothing like pure silk next to your skin, to make you feel and look sexy. Think about what I have said. I will return and I will want and expect your answer after lunch. After all, I can not have you laying around all day not earning money for me." He said with a big smile on his face. Then turning serious he stressed. "This will be your last chance to make this decision. If you decide not to take this opportunity...then...." He said holding his hands palms up, "it will be your choice, not mine..."

He left Dexter and arranged to have Yussef bring him his lunch. When he arrived he found Dexter still in bed. "Good afternoon. Do you want your lunch served in bed or on the bedside table?"

"Thank you. On the table, Yussef please." Then swinging his bare legs off the bed but still keeping himself covered with the sheets, he began to eat. Lifting his fork and pointing it at Yussef he asked, "can I ask you a question?"

"Yes."

"I want an honest answer now. This is just between us. I will not say anything to Sultan." Dexter said. "What is your job here and do you like it?"

"I thought you knew.. I am one of Sultan's male whores."

"Do you like it?"

"It is better than any of the other work I had done before I came here. But then, I was a small time pick-pocket and not a good one at that." He laughed. "Sultan has been good to me as he is to all of us. Ask anyone. Even when he gets angry and he could beat us, he has never raised his hand to any of us. He always tries to reason with us. Believe it or not that giant is a gentle person. He hates bloodshed. He does not have to beat or hurt us. We all know that all he has to do is to sell us to one of the other establishments on the Island."

"Thank you, Yussef." He said finishing his lunch. "You can take the dishes back now. I am finished eating."

"Now can I ask you a question?" Yussef asked clearing the dishes. "Is it OK?"

"Yes. Ask."

"Are you going to stay with us and work for Sultan?"

"He has told me that he purchased me and he owns me. He has demanded that I work for him here."

"Then I guess you will have to work for him. There is no way you can get away." Yussef said. "You're very young looking, handsome, and from what I can tell, you are educated; and on top of that you're a blond, you should have it very good here. You will be treated very well and you will get the best of the clients. Sultan will see to that. As his only light skinned whore he will treat you like royalty. If you need a friend to talk to – I am here. I know you will not be happy in the beginning, but I will help you if you need it and I'm sure the rest of us will help you also."

"Thank you."

After lunch, Dexter went into the bathroom, took a shower, dried himself and used the electric razor and after-shave lotion that Sultan had provided for him. Then he got into the only clothes he now possessed, the silk pajamas that his new boss had given him. After dressing he sat on the bed awaiting his captor's return. The silk felt wonderful on his skin. It was great to feel some kind of clothing on his body after all this time. He rubbed the silk over his arms and felt his skin turn to goose flesh. It almost made his head spin.

There was a soft knock on the door. "Yes who is it?" he asked thinking it might be Yussef again.

"Sultan, may I come in?

"Need you ask? Since I am your captive do I have the right to keep you out?"

In walked Sultan who was dressed in the most ornate Jalabiya Dexter had ever seen. It was pure white silk with gold, silver, black and red embroidery. He had a matching fez atop his head. He too, had bathed and anointed his body. His shiny black skin and muscular body against the white flowing robes was breathtaking to say the least. Every inch of him looked the part of the great Sultan entering the bed-chamber of his latest virgin conquest.

"I was hoping that you would want to welcome me to your bedroom. You look very handsome in your new pajamas."

"Thank you." Dexter answered. "And that is the most stunning robe I have ever seen."

"Do you really like it?" he asked turning around and around modeling it. "I will have one made up for you, also. Come to think of it we will have to get you all new clothes soon although it is a crime to cover that body with anything but the richest silks." Then removing his fez and placing it on Dexter's head he smiled as he tilted it at a jaunty angle. "It looks real cute on you. Perhaps a few of these also."

Taking the fez off the blond head and placing it on the table, he sat on the bed next to Dexter and said, "MMMM I see you have bathed and shaved." Taking Dexter's his hands in his and bringing them to his nose he smelled and then kissed the fingertips. "You smell so pure and sweet. I hope it was all for me and that you have been thinking about what your decision is going to be?"

"That is all that I have been thinking about. You leave me little choice, I either sell my body for you or ...." he said lowering his eyes and his voice. "The only real regret I have is that it is being forced on me instead of being a free will decision of my own. Perhaps it might have been different if Achmed....."

"There are many things that I wish. I wish that I had been the one to first see you. Then you would not be in this situation and I would not have had to force you into prostitution. I do not relish doing what I had to do. If it were different and if I had asked you, what would you have said?"

"I don't know." Dexter said. "And we will never know now. There is no use in looking back and wishing now.. What do I have to do?"

"We will start your education right now. You will be trained to be what we at Sultan's Palace call a courtesan."

"What is that?"

"It is a fancy word for a prostitute. You will be a male prostitute. Not just any prostitute but one who is especially trained to associate with rich, powerful, upper-class men who can afford to pay me for your sexual services and who, if they are satisfied, will provide you with luxuries and favors. Some of these men are very wealthy and the extra in tips that they may choose to give you will be yours to keep. If you want I can arrange to put that money in a special bank account for you to use as you see fit. You will be taught to please these men and also you will learn to enjoy it yourself." Sultan said smiling. In time, you may even have your own room here. You will not have to live with the common whores.

"I will enjoy it?" Dexter asked. "I don't think so. Who is going to teach me?"

"Since I have the most to gain or lose," he said, "I thought I should be the one. That way I can make sure that you learn to enjoy the sex. I will teach you every thing you need to know. The method that I use is rather simple. I will do it first to you and then make you do it to me. You will do it over and over until I am satisfied that you meet my high standards and that you are able to convince me that you are ready and willing to be trusted with my clients. I will make sure you are safe and that you never get hurt again. What do you say? Will you at least try my way?"

Dexter broke down and cried. "You know I don't want to do this."

"I know that but will you?"

"Yes." He said so low that Sultan had to demand he repeat it over and over again until not only he heard him but also that even Dexter believed it.

Sultan put his arm around Dexter's shoulder and took a tissue and blotted his tears away. "The first thing you have to learn is to kiss a man. It won't be too bad." He said and then he kissed him lightly on the lips and he made Dexter cuddled up with him. In between the young man's sobs, Sultan was able to run his tongue over Dexter's tear stained face and closed lips. Forcing the compressed lips aside with his tongue, he now encountered the clenched teeth. Rubbing the tongue back and forth over the clenched teeth he continued to try to gain admittance. At first the student tried to fight against it but the teacher's tongue was insistent and somehow in between Dexter's sobs and his gasping for breath, he was soon able to slip it between his teeth and enter his mouth. Once inside it was able to explore the student's mouth and his explorations included every nook and cranny that the hot insistent tongue tip could get into.

Dexter had never before experienced the feelings that now assaulted his body and mind. His body became weak. His mind and senses, like an electrical circuit, became confused and overloaded.

He had been kissed and had kissed many women but never had any of them kissed him like this. What was it that was different? Was it the big puffy lips or was it something else? Was it the fact that Sultan's efforts reminded him of his own early attempts to kiss unwilling girls? He did not know. At first it was disgusting but after a few moments, he found that he no longer cared. He forgot that it was another man's arms enfolding him and that it was another man's mouth on his or that it was this black man that said he owned him that now had reduced him to a pile of refuse that was softly moaning and yes, wanting more, much more. Soon all his inhibitions began to crumble. It was like a wall had fallen or there had been an earthquake and he had fallen into a chasm. Could this big black giant have drugged him? At first he thought that he had been drugged again but he knew this time it was not the effects of drugs. No, this time against his will, he began to react. There was no reaction with Achmed except maybe revulsion. This time, yes, he began to like it. He WANTED it now. When he was drugged, it was different. His body accepted it because he had no choice. In a short while it was like the person known as Dexter had disappeared and had been replaced by a stranger called "Cleo". That stranger had entered his body and taken over. His new body and mouth began to react and he could not help but suck on the invading hot tongue. Where before he had found it repugnant, he now found it delicious, and when Sultan withdrew his tongue – Dexter (Cleo) passionately used his own tongue to chase after it into Sultan's hot mouth where it in turn was captured, imprisoned and sucked upon. New - this was all new to him. Yes, he had French kissed many women before and found it pleasant - but he never felt that he wanted to keep it up forever. No that was only the prelude to getting into her pussy. This was different. It may sound ridiculous but he wanted to enter Sultan's mouth and as stupid as it sounds he wanted that mouth to possess and consume him. However as we all know, all good things have to end and after a long time they broke the kiss, moved apart and came up for air.
