 Chapter 1: The Boy in the Red Shoes

** This is the first story of what I plan to be a multi-storied series. There will be two parts to this series but many stories if that makes sense. So this story is in the first part and it is the first story of that part.

Please, if you like this or don't like it, leave a comment or star it. I would really like to improve my writing, and feedback from you guys helps with that!

Thank you, and best wishes! **

I pulled into the driveway, it was twilight out. My dad had installed the biggest, brightest light bulbs ever. There were two on either side of the garage door. Another two were placed between the familiar red front door. I sighed, leaning my head onto the cold steering wheel. I was tired, the drive from Washington D.C take over 10 hours, mind you. I felt like going to sleep, but my head slipped accidentally, honking the horn loudly; echoing across my silent suburban neighborhood, Miss. Helmika looked out her window, furious. I rolled my eyes and got out my Impala slowly. I waved to her, smiling as she closed her curtains in a rush, swearing under her breath.

I sniggered, walking over to the trunk and getting some of my bags out. I threw my backpack over my shoulders, and put a few other things in my hands. I sighed again and started creeping over to the red door of doom.

I mean it wasn't that bad. I couldn't wait to see my sister and mother. I got along with them so well but, my father and I, well, we weren't the best of friends to say the least.

I trudged under the weight of my things as I strolled up to the door, and gave the doorbell a ring that echoed throughout the large house. I heard Ruffles start barking like the world was about to end, and my spirits lifted. I had missed my dog the most of all. However, my spirits took a nose dive as my tall, greying father answered the red door of doom.

"Hello, son -- shhhhhhhhhh, Ruffles! -- ya need help with your bags?" My dad asked in his deep southern accent as he pushed the white snowball that was Ruffles out of the way. I nodded to his question looking down and smiling at the absolute love of my life.

"Molly and Celi," dad shouted turning around and putting his worn brown shoes on, "Noah is finally here," and with that he glided past me to the car.

I sat down on my knees, putting my bags and things to the left of the door. Ruffles, who seemed to have not changed at all since I left for Georgetown, jumped on me. She licked my face like a lollipop, spit went flying everywhere. I laughed and playfully tried to push her off.

The licking continued as a shadow from above blocked the ceiling light. I pushed the animated little fluff ball off me to see my now tanned mother looking back at me smiling.

"My college boy is home!" She smiled in her light, high-pitched voice as I got up to hug her.

"Mommy, what the heck did you do to your face." I questioned as she pulled me into a tight embrace.

"She got a tan, Noah," my sister said jumping down the last step of the stairs, her long blonde hair in a tight pony tail. "She said 'that is what all the cool mothers are doing these days'," rolling her large green eyes, she smiled widely at me. I ran to hug her too, not letting go until dad came back in carrying what seemed to be the rest of my bags.

"Yeah, just leave me with all the bags, I'll manage," he said sarcastically, dropping them down near my other bags with a loud 'THUD'.

"Don't mind him, he's been being a little turd all day today," mom whispered to me, giving a nasty look at my father, who went into the other room.

"You ready?" Celine smiled as we all went up the stairs to what I presumed to be mom and dad's bedroom.

"You know it. How is everybody? I've missed you guys so much," I said as I opened the door and walked in into a brightly lit bedroom. The TV was playing a real nasty episode of The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills.

"Well dad's getting into fixing things again. He always in the garage after he gets home from work," she answered quietly. I haven't talked to my dad in a couple of months. We really don't get along well. You see he's a pastor and me being me, well he really didn't fully approve to say the least. So we kind of just didn't talk much. All three of us plopped down on the excellently made large-white bed, that I assumed mom and dad had just bought. Mom must of saw my surprise because she smiled.

"It so comfy. Right?" She said carefully running her half painted nails across the bedspread.

"They didn't get me a new one though," exclaimed Celine who rolled her eyes at mom. "And you know I need one!" She cried gesturing her half painted blue nails in my direction. I smiled and looked down at the red and blue nail polish that they were using to paint their nails with.

"Mom, you gotta do me," I giggled holding out my long unpolished nails and smiling.

"Your dad will be so mad, but okay. Only if you tell us everything about Georgetown and Washington D.C and....." she trailed off looking down at her still wet, half finished nails.

"Mom wants you to tell us about the boys!" My sister exclaimed. Mom shot her a mad face that silently scolded my sister.

"He can tell us about anything he wants to Celi."

I did just that, I talked about Georgetown and the wonderful little shops and eateries that I found. I told her about my classes, and how my political science teacher arranged for us to meet a couple of members of congress up on the hill. I even told her about how I had drank a beer that my roommate had offered me. ' As long as your drinking around people you trust,' she said seriously. What I didn't tell her was about Jordan. I don't ever want to talk about Jordan again.

"You look so prrretty," Celine beamed as I got up to flaunt my new nails around the bedroom. Ruffles barked softly as I walked past her and patted her head lightly.

"No pictures please," I said jokingly as I walked around the room, modeling for my mother and sister who clapped loudly.

"Yassssss," my sister remarked. "You better work dat runway."

I turned around just as dad opened the door. Every head turned to him, even Ruffles snowy little head turned to see who had came in.

"Noah, take that off right now," my dad proclaimed unsettlingly, staring me square in the eyes with a confused look.

"Peter, we're just having a bit-" mom said over the tense silence between us. The only sound seemed to be the screaming of a fight that had erupted on the TV. I hope that wouldn't be me in a few seconds.

"You left your bags downstairs Noah," he interrupted my mother firmly, still looking at me like I had just been found guilty of murder.

"Molly," he called unevenly shifting his gaze to my bewildered mother. "I am going to the church to set some things up for Sunday when Francis teaches. I'll be back late."

My mother nodded as my father took one last glance at me and glided back downstairs.

Mom was about to say something but I spoke first.

"I need to take a shower anyway," I sighed, following him quietly.

I stared into the large bathroom mirror looking at myself quizzically, I was tall, maybe 6"2'. My dirty blonde feel across my forehead, as I rustled it up with my fingers. My hair was like my sister's, but she had longer, lighter hair. I had soft blue eyes, to her large green ones, but if it counts, my mom said that we had the same noses, long and skinny just like her own. I don't have much in the way of muscle tone but I'm skinny; skinny enough for some outlines of abs to show through, and veins to run down the length my scrawny arms. I remembered in middle school when all I did for the summer was sit-ups. I was trying to impress this girl I 'liked'. It didn't really work out as you can guess why.

I looked down at my limp dick and smiled. I might have been a skinny white boy but man did I have a dick. Mine was at least 4 inches soft and 8 or so hard. I grabbed it and flung it around, moving my veiny foreskin back to reveal my perfectly reddish-pink head. I stroked it back and forth a bit and felt the beginnings of pre-cum. I hadn't jerked off in ages. For one, my roommate was always in the room and I didn't really feel comfortable doing it there. Another reason was that exams had really taken up all my time. Not allowing me to escape the never-ending endeavor of studying.

Now that its summer and I'm alone finally, I pulled on my now hardening cock. It twitched sensually and let out a small dose of pre-cum. Ever since I started jerking off in middle school, I always leaked a rather large amount of pre-cum. It went every where, and goddamn did I loved it.

I had drawn a bath after I had put my bags in my old room. I could see steam rising from the crystal clear water of the bathtub. I bit my thin red bottom lip and dipped my large toe into the water. Chills ran down my spine, it felt so good.

It took me a while to get used to it, but eventually my full body was emerged in the steamy water. It felt amazing on my tense back as I gave out a loud moan and bit my bottom lip harder. My thoughts meandered every which way. One minute I thought of dad scolding at me, the next my thoughts fell on Jordan as I massaged my muscles, the warm water enveloping them.

As you might of guessed, he's this guy I met at Georgetown. He was a sophomore, and we had the same major, though we meet in a math class. He was having trouble with a problem and turned to me to help him out. I later found out that was complete bullshit and he's as smart as Einstein. He only wanted a reason to talk to me and eventually one thing let to another and he asked me out. I, of course, accepted because he was gorgeous, ( aren't they all ) and thus began our love affair. I say affair because he had a girlfriend. Yeah, I know, never get involved with a straight boy.

My hand swept across my abs which I flexed as I felt them up.

I had just remembered one particular night I had with him. It was just after Christmas break, and he had told me, just before I left for home, that he had a girlfriend. I, of course, broke it off and was tempted to tell his girlfriend about everything.

My cock jumped, making small waves in the bathtub. I moaned softly, filling the bathroom with echoes.

We texted all throughout break and I finally forgave him for doing it, but I told him I never wanted to see him again. I knew that if I did then I wouldn't hesitate to throw myself into his arms. But, me being me, I couldn't not see him again. I couldn't do any of it so, on the first day back, I showed up to his apartment and we kissed and flirted and drank and smoked. I told him I loved him.

I loved when I moaned, it made me even more horny then I already was.

We made love that night, he was so rough with me. Goddamn, it felt amazing.

My hand slithered up my body like a snake, sliding over my hard nipples. I moaned again, throwing my head back as I felt my dick pulsating under the steamy water. I pulled my middle finger into my mouth and sucked on it, just liked Jordan used to do with my hands, while my other hand massaged my waiting hole, it was really begging to be fucked hard. I spread my legs like a good little boy, putting one leg up on the short white barrier that separates the bathroom from the tub. I took my fingers our of my mouth, gliding it down past my still hard nipples. Caressing the soft bumps that made up my abs. Letting my hands grab hold of my now semi-hard cock, and drooping red balls. The moment I did this my PC muscles contracted, sending waves of pleasure throughout me.

"Oh, Fuck. You've been a very bad boy Noah." I said quietly, thinking of what I did with Jordan, as I continued to massage the opening to my waiting pink hole.

"I think you need a good FUCK as your punishment." I exclaimed biting my lower lip and bringing my middle finger of my other hand up to my mouth. I wet it and spit on it so it would glide smoothly in. I got up out of the tub, stretching my right leg on the top of the white barrier at a 90 degree angle, and leaving my other leg half submerged in the still warm water. I bend down, sticking my ass up in the air. My rock hard cock dangled, touching my stomach as I hunched over.

Now, with my left hand tugging on my now fully erect 8 inch dick, I let my middle finger go softly at first into my pink hole. It was tight and really didn't accept it well but I keep at it. I pulled it out and in, out and in, out and..... each time getting easier, and the moans getting louder.

"Awh shit. Fuck me, that feels good." I said loudly, taking my wet finger out and tasting it, damn it tasted good. I licked it a couple of times, smiling with both pleasure and glee.

I put two fingers in my mouth this time, imagining that I was again licking Jordan's thick uncut cock. I looked at them hungrily to see if they looked lubed up enough. Confident, I put them both into my hole and moaned loudly. I was surprised nobody heard it. Damn, I wanted to be fucked so badly.

I moved them in and out again like my middle finger last time. After I did it a couple of times I went in as deep as I could. I moaned loudly as a huge wad of clear hot pre-cum shot from my completely erect dick. It splattered all over my stomach and chest, some drops making it into the warm water below, chills of pleasure coursed throughout me. I grabbed my leaking cock and moved the pre-cum all around my shaft. I felt my PC muscles spasm rapidly as my hand moved from the very top to the bottom of my long shaft. My cock glistened from the pre-cum as I smiled and pulled back my foreskin to reveal the now oozing opening. I jammed my two fingers in my hole again, with another thing of thick hot pre-cum shooting out. That is when I felt it. It seemed to be deep down inside of my stomach, and it felt amazing. It was a light-warm sensual sensation, like a huge ball of pleasure grew inside of me. Every time I touched my dick, the ball of warmness seemed to edge a little closer to my sagging balls.

I started pulling on my dick again, while at the same time fucking my ass with my two hands. After a couple of seconds I felt that sensation start to grow and seemed to overtake me in a sense. I rolled my eyes back as it moved closer to exploding, continuing to stoke my fat cock. I stood up hastily and leaned my pale, wet back against the cold white wall. My dick seemed to grow in my hands, as I felt my drooping balls tighten up, I was about to cum. However, just as I was about the go over the edge, I stopped. My dick twitched hard and I felt the beginnings of an orgasm but nothing but a large thing of pre-cum shoot out. I threw my head back smiling devilishly, biting my lips hard.

My dick twitched for what seemed to be hours, but when it died down I turned on the hot shower. I let the water at the bottom of the tub drain out, it had gotten cold.

The water showered over me as I started the same routine again, only this time I tried 3 fingers. It took me a second, but I was able to fit them all in. I moaned loudly and starting jerking my enormous uncut cock again, while still fucking my ass. Nevertheless, within mere seconds, I felt the sensation growing again, pulling my hands in and out faster than ever before. I felt them hit the very top of my prostate, making me moan louder than ever. I, however, let it die down again as I removed my fingers and laid down on the now empty tub. I didn't dare go for a forth finger as I inserted my 3 longest, wettest fingers into my ass. They glided in nicely, with my loud moan being drowned out by the shower. The hot water rained down on me as I closed my eyes, thinking about Jordan, about cute boys I general. They had veiny dicks and huge muscles, the cutest eyes and smiles. I wished I had one in this lonely shower as the sensation grew again, starting in my stomach, and traveling down to my tightening balls. Butterflies seemed to form there as I got closer to the edge. My toes clinched up and I let out moan after hungry moan. The sensation was so warm, and my whole body seemed to tingle, my god, I was going to cum. I felt the first wave of contractions hit me. The sensation did seem to go away but poured out in the very first long-white sprays of hot juicy cum. They flew over my wet golden hair, spraying the white tile of the shower. I almost screamed as I bit my lip hard and felt my PC muscles pulse unendingly as my fingers lay deep inside my hole. My heart raced as I thought of the cum jets that Jordan shot as he came all over my stomach that night. It seemed to make my cum shoot further, the warming sensation draining me. I came what seemed like forever as my body twitched, and the last few pulses hit my now wet hair and one long wet-hot shot of cum hit me square in the right eye.

I come back to my senses, realizing what just happened. I got up, cleaning the cum off my hair and eyes with the steamy water. I washed up quickly and jumped out of the shower. My still semi-hard dick swinging every which way as I wiped the fog off the mirror and looked at myself. My hair still had some specks of white in it and I cleaned it off quickly, smiling. I looked at my dick and felt instantly horny again. I moaned softly and rubbed my towel on my cock. I started to the toilet and was about ready to grab the lotion when there was a hit at the door. I rolled my eyes as I heard my sister yelling.

"Noah! You are taking forever! I need to get in, it almost 11!" She shrieked as I banged on the door again. My sister was the earliest riser that I've ever laid eyes on. It kind of sickened me that someone could actually like to wake up early. This meant that she went to bed before midnight almost every night, and it didn't help that we had to be up really early tomorrow.

"Okay Celine, I'm almost done," I said pulling my clean clothes near me and throwing them on quickly. "For goodness sakes," I whispered under my breath as I cleaned up a bit, and peered at the shower to make sure there wasn't huge globes of wet cum still on the tiles.

After I let a mad Celine into the bathroom I went to my old room, closed the door and tucked my dirty clothes into my already full suitcase. I turned off the light and sunk into the crisp covers. I thought about pulling my still semi-hard dick out, but was just too tired. I did have my own room on the cruise ship. Oh that's right, I forgot to tell you. We're going on a cruise in 2 days time. First, staying with my Aunt and Uncle in Miami, then off on a 14 day trip around the Caribbean. I had my own room, in the cruise ship, which I was particularly excited about. I didn't think I was going to bring boys back to the room. I mean it was only 14 days, who could I get that close to in 14 days? Plus I'm trying to get over Jordan, and at this rate, I don't think that'll happen. Every time I got a whiff of something that even remotely smelt like him, my stomach seems to burn with a thousand butterflies. I was getting that feeling as I thought about Jordan holding me like he did the night we made love. I fell into a long awaited sleep as the warmth of the covers enclosed me.

"Be downstairs and ready to go by 5:15," My dad said, practically dancing out of my room. My dad was such a morning person just like my sister, and I hated it. I stared, squinty eyed, at his back as he danced downstairs. Yawning widely, I got dress in a tank top that accentuated my muscles, and threw on some khaki pants, throwing my PJs in my second suitcase. I went to the bathroom and was delighted to find it free. I ran through my toiletries as fast as I could. Not before I heard a familiar knock.

"Okay, I'm going as fast I can Celi." I exclaimed looking over my shoulder to see her standing there yawning widely. I messed up her sleep schedule because of my bathroom charade last night. I turned forward, sniggering to myself.

I finished up and hurried down the hall to my room. I packed my stuff away, grabbing my tremendously heavy bags and hurrying down the stairs. I looked up at the large clock above the fire place.
