 Disclaimer: This story may contain scenes of a graphical nature that may not be legal in your area. If you are under 18, or if material of this nature is illegal in your present location, please leave now. By reading on, you are confirming that it is legal for you to view the material in this story.

This story is a work of pure fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental, and no harm or slanderous intent is implied or intentional.

I hope you enjoy my work, and if you have any comments, or ideas that may inspire new work, please feel free to contact me - all e-mails will be answered to the best of my ability.


End of Part 11

"I cannot give you that (your Freedom), my love, not because I don't want to, but rather because I am afraid to do it. I fear you will choose freedom above me and I will lose you." Yethro moaned and turned over and in a sleepy voice said "And that I cannot and will not permit..."

Part 12

And so the Judge fell asleep. But, Dexter did not sleep. No, sleep did not come easily to him. He tossed and turned thinking about this latest turn of events in his life. What should I do now? What could I do? Yethro was not an evil man. He was a normal guy looking to live his life in a rotten system. A system that he did not invent, and could not bring himself to change. He was really a nice guy trying to make the best of a bad system. If things were different, I might even like having him for a lover. After all, what was so bad about my predicament? I am living the "Good Life". I have everything I could need or want. All I have to do is ask the judge for anything and he would get it for me. So I'm a "kept man". Wasn't this what Sultan had trained me for? Make the best of it...what else could I do..for now anyway? And so he tossed and turned and finally fell asleep.

The Judge was the first to awaken in the morning. He got out of bed and was in the shower when Dexter awoke. Dexter got out of bed and went into the bathroom to urinate.

Yethro leaned his head out from the shower curtain and asked, "You want to join me in here?"

"Not now. I'll just wash up and prepare our breakfast. Will eggs be okay? What's on the schedule for today?"

"I really had no plans for today. Today being our last day here, I was thinking that I would go into town and start the process of divorce. I also wanted to find a house for us in town. However, before I do any of that, I think the two of us should sit down and think about how we are going to work all of this out. I would like your input on this. This should be a joint decision. I know that you don't like being a slave, but I think we can make it as pleasant as possible. One way to do this is that from now on the both of us will try to discuss things that apply to the both of us. This is a new concept to me and I will have to get used to it. What do you think?"

"I like the idea of you wanting to hear what I have to say about this and I do hope you will try to give it real thought. For what it is worth, here are my thoughts. Why rush moving into town? I like it up here. Why move down into town with the whole community knowing our business? And to tell you the truth I have never been happier than I have been living up here with you. Up here it feels like we can live our lives without the eyes of everyone looking at us."

"While what you say is true, you must remember that I am a public servant and as such, I have to be available to the public. This place is wonderful for a weekend or vacation, but the townspeople want to have me living among them, not hiding out in the hills with my lover. As for their eyes being on us - I'm not afraid of what they will say or do. Once they get to know and see both of us together they will come to accept it. Besides there is nothing they can do about it," the judge said smiling as he stepped out of the shower. "Look, if you are worried about what the people are going to say or do about my living with you in the open- get over it. In our community, it is I, and not they who is the law. We should start today! I have made up my mind and unless you have any real objections, I would like to get an early start. I want you to move in with me today. For now you will share my bedroom in my town house. My wife can go home to her father or I will put her up at a hotel."

"Look you asked for my opinion and I gave it to you. Throwing her out like that is wrong. I don't care what your laws say. Not only is it wrong, but also, you are going to create all kinds of problems doing it your way. If you treat her like that, her family will carry a vendetta and some night they will seek revenge. I should not have to tell you about blood feuds. No, that is not a good way to do it! You go into town and do what you have to do. I want you to be as kind to her and her family as you can be. I want them to feel that they still have their honor. I will stay up here until you have finished with your wife. You can have the Police secure the place, if you are worried that I will try to escape," Dexter said.

"I was not worried about that. All I would ask is that you give me your word that you will not try anything foolish. Please don't even think of it. While I can protect you from the cops, by the time I was able to get you out of their hands...."

"Yes, I know. Mike is still looking for another session with me."

"Not even Mike would enter this compound without my say so," Yethro said laughing. "He knows I would have his head stuffed and hung over the fireplace in the living room."

"So then there is no reason for you not to leave me up here while you go down to town to take care of your personal business. I promise that I will not try anything foolish as long as the cops stay outside the fence. Now let me make breakfast for you."

"Dexter, I'll inform the Police that you are not to be bothered or troubled in any way. And you are to tell me if they bother you and if they do - I will have lots of heads to adorn my fireplace."

After they ate, the Judge got dressed and prepared to go to town. He called for his driver and when the car arrived he kissed Dexter and said, "Now you behave yourself. Go for a boat ride or swim. I'll give you a call later and let you how it is going. If I'm lucky this will not take too long. I liked our talking this over. It showed me that by discussing things with you we could come to intelligent decisions. When this is finished, you and I are going to sit down and really discuss about the future."

After he left Dexter thought about his new situation and decided that, for now, he would try to make the best of the situation, After all, the Judge was about the best man he had met since he came to this damn town. He decided to cooperate, at least for now. He took out the small outboard and drove it around the lake. About an hour later he came back to the dock and moored the boat. On the way up to the porch he noticed that there was a motorcycle parked at the gate. Standing by the gate was Mike, the Chief of Police. The Chief smiled at Dexter and said, "My, how you have climbed up in this world. Of all the men in this town I just did not think you would wind up in the Judge's harem. But I should have seen it coming."

Dexter didn't say a word. He stripped his shirt off and just sat down on one of the deck chairs with his back to the cop and took in the sun. "Don't you turn your back on me," Mike yelled at him as he placed his fingers through the chain link and shook the gate. "I ought to knock down this gate and show you how a real man can fuck you."

"I already know that, or did you think I would forget the night you almost raped me?" Dexter said as he got out of the chair and came up to the fence and interlaced his fingers with the cop's fingers. 

"If you did that again, the judge would cut off your head first and then your cock and balls. Or is it the other way around? And that would be a pity because if I remember right – it was a real nice package." Dexter said as he squeezed the man's fingers. "And I don't think either of us would not like to see you loose them. So why don't you just leave me alone and get out of here before Yethro gets back."

"He won't be back for hours. He told me he would be gone all day and that I should take care of you. And that's what I intend to do," he said taking one of Dexter's fingers into his mouth and sucking on it. "Did he leave you a key to the lock? I would climb over the fence but I know the top is electrified."

"No, he did not leave me a key and I cannot shut off the power even if I wanted to do it."

"But do you want to?"

"No!, but what does it matter what I want?" Dexter shot back. "I'm a slave and I belong to the Judge now and he isn't going to like my playing with other men. So you just stay on your side of the fence and I'll stay on mine. That way the two of us will live long lives." With that said, he picked up his shirt and went back into the house, made his way to the kitchen and pulled out a long sharp butcher's knife for protection. After a while he heard the motorcycle take off. Breathing a sigh of relief he replaced the knife in the drawer just as the phone began to ring.

"Hello, You have reached the Judge's residence. Who is this?," he asked in a angry voice.

"Hi Dex, this is your lover calling. I just wanted you to know how things were going and to find out if you were okay. What's wrong, you sound angry?"

"And which lover are you," Dexter asked with a hint of relief in his voice. "I have lost track – can you give me a hint?"

The Judge, laughing, said. "YETHRO you damn fool or have you forgotten me already?"

"Oh that one! You have been gone for so long that I forgot your voice. So why would you be calling me now?"

"I just wanted to check on you and see how you are getting on there. Did something go wrong?"

"I had a visitor!"

"Now who could that be?"

"It was Mike, the cop. He wanted me to unlock the gate so he could check up on me. I told him I didn't have the key and he went away."

"I told him to look in on you, but not to try to get in. I will have another talk with him. On that other matter, I talked to my wife and made her an offer. She said the offer was not good enough and I came back with another one. I offered her a little more then the first time and told her I would not bargain with her and that if she takes this offer, I could have the papers drawn up and I would have the legal document of divorce in her hand by late today. I told her she had one week to get out of the house as I was putting it on the market. You were right Dexter, I don't think either of us would be happy living in that place. It has too many bad memories for me. We will have to look for another place. We will start a new life together."

"We will talk about it when you come home. Please come soon. I miss you and Mike's visit has me on edge."

"I have to take care of a few more details and then I will be home," he said and hung up the phone. He then called in the court clerk and handed him Dexter's bill of sale and told him that he would have some divorce papers for him to serve later. He called the Imam and asked him to come to his office later. 

"I was rather busy this afternoon, Judge. Can this wait until tomorrow?"

"I'm afraid not Excellency. I want to divorce my wife and I am preparing the paperwork now and I'll need your signature before I hand it to her."

"I'm so sorry to hear that Yethro. Is there anything I can do to maybe stop this?"

"I'm afraid not. The marriage was never right from the beginning. This has been brewing for a long time and this morning she and I came to a financal agreement so there are just the religious declarations that I need you to witness. I would be most grateful if you can accommodate me. Say in about 2 hours?"

"I will have to cancel an appointment, but for you I will do it."

"Thank you," the judge said. "I will not forget this."

Yethro spent the rest of the time preparing the papers. For the husband, divorce was not a complicated process in Muslim tradition. All one really had to do was to say three times in front of witnesses "I divorce you" and the marriage was over. The wife had nothing to say in the matter. However, it was better to offer her financial recompense to smooth the transition to single life. Such women rarely found husbands again and usually wound up living lonely lives. Coming from a family that was at one time wealthy and powerful, his wife would fare far better. The money settlement would tend to cool any bad feelings between the families. Also the fact that Yethro would not be taking another woman into his bed would tend to prove that "another woman" was not the reason for the break-up. That he was, instead, going to be living with a male slave was of no consequence. This was not only socially acceptable, but considered to be normal. After all, a man of Yethro's prominence needs a servant to look after him and take care of his needs.

A while later, after the final paperwork was placed on his desk and he had gone over it three times to make sure that it was complete and legal, he put it aside and pushed back his big chair and went to the window to look out into the street. He spotted the Imam coming out of the Mosque and heading to his office. Ahhh right on time he thought as he turned back to his desk and gathered up the papers and went into the outer office to await the visitor. "You had better get ready. The Imam is on his way. You will accompany us and present the divorce papers to my wife," Yethro said to his clerk as he handed him the papers to put into his briefcase.

When The Imam arrived the judge called his home and informed his wife that he was coming over and she should be prepared for them. Then the three of them left the courthouse and got into the car and drove to the judge's town house. When they arrived, the wife's lawyer and her father greeted them. The father tried to get Yethro to change his mind, but saw at once that this was not possible. The papers were presented to them and they went over the settlement. The father and lawyer signed and then Yethro signed. The Imam and clerk witnessed and Yethro stated three times that he divorced his wife. It was all over in about ten minutes.

Back in his office, he called Dexter. "It's all over. I'm a free man. I'm going to have the real estate company look for a small house for us in town. When he finds something, we will both look at it and see if it fits our needs and tastes. Until then we will live at the lake, unless you want to rent an apartment in town."

"No, I think living up here at the lake will be best for now," Dexter said. "Hurry home. We have a lot to talk about."

"I will. I just wanted you to know that I feel like a new man. I will see you soon, lover. We are free at last," he shouted as he put down the phone. 

Yeah, you're free but I'm not, thought Dexter as he returned the phone to its cradle. I guess I should start to get supper ready. A half hour later Dexter had all the makings of a steak dinner ready and was waiting for the judge to arrive home before setting the meat into the broiler. He then went into the bedroom and stripped out of his clothes and put on the sleeping toga that he had brought with him. No sooner had he tied the belt when he heard the gate open and saw the judge get out of the car and start unpacking some luggage from the trunk and haul it onto the porch.

"Do you want me to help you unpack all that stuff?" asked the chauffer.

"No, I have not decided where I am going to store all this junk yet." Yethro laughed. "I may just leave it out here until I find the space. That's all for now you can go home now and pick me up in the morning at the usual time."

He opened the door and walked over to greet Dexter. "You know I never thought about the additional space I would need to move into this place." He looked at Dexter and then said, "What the hell. We can always worry about that later." As he spotted Dexter in the toga, he pulled him close and kissed him and then pulled back, "My! But you smell good," the judge said. "Is that dinner I smell?"

"I guess it is. I didn't even put on any aftershave," Dexter laughed as the judge grabbed him and kissed him again, then lifted him up into his arms and carried him into the bedroom. 

"I hope you have nothing on the fire yet. I wouldn't want anything burned. But the only thing I want to eat right now, is you," growled the judge as he tossed the younger guy into his bed and then started to rip off his own clothes and jump right into bed with Dexter. "Come here my little delicious meal. I am about to eat you up." And eat him up he did as he opened the toga and reached for Dexter's cock and swallowed it in one gulp and started sucking.

Dexter lay on the bed withering and moaning as the judge sucked and sucked. "Yethro.... I'm going to...come if you keep this up! I can't hold off much longer.." 

Releasing the cock for a second, "Get used to it babe. I want your juice. I have been thinking about it all day and now I'm going to milk you dry." And milk he did. Over and over he ran his lips tight against the shaft from the bottom to the top. Sucking like a calf at his mother's teat. Sucking so hard that Dexter thought the judge would pull his balls inside out. At first he thought the bed shook and quaked from the up and down movements of the judge's head. Then he felt that the cabin was rocking. His balls became aflame, his cock twitching and then his brain exploding in a mass of colors, bright reds, flaming yellows, oranges, brilliant purples, whites, greens, and lavender streamers, all blended together, twisted and turned, rose and dropped. Never had the male prostitute cum like that. Finally he just passed out and lay there with his eyes open but trying to block out the fireworks and unable to speak.

"Hello, hello there! Dexter are you all right?" he heard Yethro screaming as he lovingly slapped his face. "Did I hurt you, are you okay?"

"Yes, I think so. I never .... I never had a reaction like that. Not even Sultan could suck like that."

"Well I did have a good teacher, lover!" Yethro smiled as he kissed Dexter's face and lips. "I have been waiting all day to do that and now I have you to thank for making this the best day of my life. Now let's have supper and then we can talk over the future."

To be continued...