 Disclaimer: This story is a work of pure fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental, and no harm or slanderous intent is implied or intentional. Other than that, the usual disclaimers apply. 

If you enjoy reading this story, please send in a donation to the site you are reading it on. Money is needed to keep this site "Up and Running".

I hope you enjoy my work, and if you have any comments, or ideas that may inspire new work, please feel free to contact me - all e-mails will be answered to the best of my ability. Joystick56@Hotmail.com

End of Chapter 20

"Ohhhh! Just from the tone of her voice and my sexual abilities. She is going to be putty in my hands...."  

"Remember that she is the daughter of an important man, one we need. Just be careful or I just might decide to perform that circumcision on you before you decide to convert... Understand!"  

"Ouch!" 

Chapter 21

After finishing their dinner they were sitting around the coffee table and enjoying a cup of coffee when the phone rang and Yethro picked it up.

"Yes. He is home. Who shall I say is calling?" the Judge asked, looking at Jess. "Goodwin? And what would you be wanting with my son?" Then after a few seconds, "Oh, yes you are the daughter of that nice party committeeman we met the other evening, aren't you? How is your father? Please give him my regards. Yes, of course you can speak to him. Hold on I'll see if he is about."

Clamping his hand over the mouthpiece of the phone he handed it to Jess and whispered excitedly, "It's her. She sounds very nice! Please, be charming now!"

Taking the phone from Yethro, he grinned and said, "Ms. Goodwin? I really hope that you called with good news." Then after a while, he continued. "Yes, I must say that I usually don't call strangers and ask for a date on such short notice, but your father and mine - well you know how these old folks can be at times. Besides, when your father showed me your picture, I have to admit I was really intrigued. So much so that I had to almost employ a detective to get your home phone number. Again, I apologize for such short notice but were you able to convince your boss to let you off early this Friday?" There was a pause as she told him that her boss was amicable to her taking off early. "That's great -- what time shall I pick you up and where?" Jess asked as he wrote down the details and then, in answer to her question about what she should wear, he answered, "What should you wear? Well. nothing!" and then he added quickly, before Yethro could punch him "too formal. I figured we would go to have dinner and take in a movie. Or would you prefer to go to a nightclub and go dancing? However, I feel I must warn you that I'm not much of a dancer, but if you can, I would very much like to hold you in my arms and....." at this point the Judge, who had been trying to follow the conversation, punched him in the arm and shook his fist at him, "and have you teach me a few steps as I'm really a bit left-footed," he concluded rubbing his arm.

"I'm sure you are not that bad, but perhaps you are right, dinner and a movie might be better for a first date," Phyllis said. "We can get to know each other and then see where it leads from there. Do you need directions or do you think you can find it on your own?"

"Yes, a movie will be better as I do operate better in the dark than on the dance floor," he said as he moved his arm out of Yethro's reach. As for finding your apartment, I'll find it, even if I have to ask someone for directions," he laughed. "Again, thank you for agreeing to see me on such short notice -- a girl of your beauty and charm must have many men and a full date calendar. It is nice of you to fit me in and I promise to behave myself and not disappoint you. I'll see you Friday at about 5 then," Jess said and hung up.

"Is that the way you operate?" Yethro screamed at him after the phone was safely replaced in its cradle. "I just hope she is so hard up for a man that she will overlook your ......"

"Relax. If I remember, this is the way we do it in America. We don't have the luxury of our parents arranging dates for us or buying us a wife. We are more open about it and faster... like I told you by the end of the first date, if not during the date, this broad will be in bed with me or I'm not worthy of being your son. I mean, it's not like I'm going to marry this bitch or any other girl for that matter -- it's just for fun and sex. After all, am I not your son, the son of a Bedouin warrior? Do we not take what is ours from these infidel pigs? Are not all their women whores and worthy only for our harems? Trust me on this, Yethro! At her age, she is ripe for the plucking. And I intend to pluck her and pluck her good!"

"Is this what that Imam has been teaching you?" Yethro shouted at him.

"Yes, in a round about way, he has! He has pointed to many verses in the Holy Book that tell of the prophet's sayings and how he treated the infidels as well as the custom of taking back what is ours."

Ya-rab! (God help me) I can see we are in deep trouble! I give up! Just make sure you use condoms."

"I always do, other than with you, love. And again, my love, relax. Is not the whole reason behind this charade to convince the public of my normalcy? We surely don't want her play-acting with me in public -- our friends in the press would pick that up in a minute and they would dig deep and expose our homosexual relationship. Then all would be lost. You know I am right. Besides a good scandal of this kind can be good for your image. The important thing is that the public thinks I'm the womanizing son of who could be the next State Governor and not his homosexual lover."

"Again, you are right. I guess I'm just jealous and I hate the thought of you in anyone's bed but mine."

Jesse kissed him and hugged him and said, "Yes, it is jealousy, but just remember that I'm now going to have to share you with all the people in this state and I may not like that either. Always remember that I came back to you of my own free will." He kissed him and said, "let's get to bed..."

On Friday the two of them went into town and attended Mosque. After prayers Jess went into the Imam's office and there he took further instruction in the religion. After the session Jess went with the Judge to a car dealership near the courthouse where Jesse wanted to rent a convertible. The Judge and he had a rather heated discussion about the safety of convertibles, but the dealer convinced Yethro that a convertible of the caliber of a BMW was much safer then the Jeep that the Judged was driving.

"Come I'll even take you for a ride in the country. You'll see you will like it. And, if I like it, I may decide to let you buy one for me," Jess said as he and Yethro got in and left the showroom. The two of them took a short drive in the country during which Jesse let the car out a bit just to familiarize himself with the car and it's workings.

"Isn't she a beauty? You hardly feel like you are driving. See how it holds the road. And you were afraid of its stability. Just the right kind of car for your playboy son to be driving."

"I can see what you mean. It is a bit expensive. But then you are my son and we can well afford a few luxuries." After a while the sound of a police siren could be heard.

"Now you are in for it! You don't even have that license 24 hours and you have the cops on your tail," Yethro laughed and said, "You had better hope that you don't wind up before me and don't expect me to get you out of this."

Jesse pulled the car over to the side of the road and kept his hands on the wheel. He noted in the rear view mirror that it was Mike and breathed a sigh of relief. He watched as Mike got off his "black steed" and approached with his citation book in hand. Once he saw who it was he placed the pad in his jacket and leaned over the door and said, "If the Judge wasn't with you I would drag your ass out of the car and lean you over the car hood and spank your ass."

"Don't let that stop you Mike! He deserves a good tanning and I won't stop you," the Judge laughed. "In fact after you are finished with him I just might add a few whacks, he was scaring the hell out of me."

"Thank you, but since this is his first offence I think a good tongue lashing should do. Do you know how fast you were going, punk?"

"Guess I was going a little fast. Gee, officer, I just rented this baby and was not used to the feel yet. I'm sorry Mike, I will watch myself in the future."

"Well you better and don't think that because you are a friend of both his honor and me, that I am going to let you off so easy the next time. As you know our jail house is not a nice place to have to spend time in and some of my deputies would love to administer some corporal justice of their own to you." Then, turning to the Judge he added, "you should know better Judge, you should set the example. Now the two of you stop acting like two kids, get going and stay in the speed limits."

"Yes officer, you have a good day now and I'll behave myself," Jesse said as he drove away slowly and returned to the place where Yethro had parked his Jeep. "I'm going back to the house to get ready for tonight. I'll see you at the cabin either late tonight or if I'm lucky, Monday morning."

"Good luck!" Yethro said as he got into his Jeep and drove off to the Cabin.

Jesse drove back to the town house where he packed an overnight kit then showered and got dressed for the evening. He locked the house and drove into the State Capitol and then found his way to Phyllis' apartment and knocked on the door. The door opened and Phyllis welcomed him in with a big kiss. "MMMmm she said, I missed you. Come in and tell me what the heck is going on and why so cloak and dagger like."

Jesse lifted her up and carried her into the living room where he placed her on the sofa. Sitting next to her, he told her the story of her father and how they met. He asked her if she knew about her father's connection with the party.

"My father has always been a member of the party, even where we lived before we moved here. I'm sure he has no connection or knowledge of anything."

"I hope not because if he is involved, we could all be dead ducks."

He then laid out his plan for using her as a contact between him and her boss. Even after he warned her that it might be dangerous for her, she still agreed to help.

"Ok," Jesse said as he looked at his watch then continued, "It is still early and I think it would be a good idea for you to call your boss and ask him to come here so the three of us can work out the details. Do you mind? I just want to get his approval and see if he will agree to you working as an agent."

"Yes, I think that is a good idea and you better hurry as he likes to leave by seven," she said as she picked up the phone and dialed. After a few moments she was put through and told her boss of Jesse's request and then put down the phone. "He said that he was on his way."

Jesse took her in his arms and kissed her. "I can see that this is going to be a lot of fun, but we have to remember that business comes first!"

"But there is no reason why we can't mix a bit of fun with business, is there?"

"As a matter of fact, it will be a nice change of pace to act like a nice normal guy for a change. Hell, we can even charge it all up to the government!" he said, crushing her body to his and kissing her deeply rubbing his sex against hers. "I'm starved for your body. You don't know the times that I have thought about our last date. I missed you, babe. I really did not want to go back into that 'Nut bin'. You drive me wild. So wild that since I left here, I have been thinking of a way to somehow get you back into my life. And now the Judge has given us the opportunity to be together."

"I missed you too, Jesse. But we'd better behave ourselves until the Director leaves, besides you did promise to take me out to eat and then go to a movie! Our last date was supposed to be like that, but we never did make it out of the bedroom," she smiled and pushed him away. "Now let me straighten myself out for the boss and you better remove my lipstick from your kisser. We will take up where we left off after business is done," she said as she went into the bathroom to check on her image.

"Kill joy!" Jesse said and followed her in to wash the lipstick off his face. "You agents are all the same. Business, business, business!"

After cleaning up, Phyllis put up a fresh pot of coffee and set out some small bits of refreshments. "Just remember, Jess, you do own me a dinner and a movie. Tonight is the night that you are going to pay up -- so don't eat too much!"

"The only thing I want to eat right now is you. I have not forgot it, babe, I'm looking forward to spending some "normal time" with you. It's been so long since I've sat next to a woman that I think I forgotten how to behave."

"Well I will just have to teach you," she said as she heard the doorbell ring and, after ascertaining that it was her boss, she let him in.

The Director came in and after greeting Jess, said, "Hey man, if you wanted some time with my secretary all you had to do was ask. You did not have to go through this cloak and dagger stuff? By the way is that your BMW down stairs? I don't recall giving any authorization for that type of luxury. You know with the cutbacks we can't afford such extravagance. What's going on?

"Yes it is and don't worry, the Judge is paying for it not the government. Did you get the report I sent with Mike?"

"Yes and it looks like the Judge is going for the golden ring. But you know what they say about the Vice President's job being a ticket to oblivion."

"Yes, but one thing I did not tell you in the report which I thought was better to tell you in person, was that the Governor has only a few months to live and then Yethro is going to take over. The man is dieing of cancer. The crafty bastard of a Bedouin wins the post and doesn't even have to run on his own for it. He gets the power for 4 years and who knows how many more after that. Another thing that has me shook up about this situation is -- how Phyllis' dad is involved in this. When he pulled her picture out at the Judge's house the other night it almost floored me!"

The Director laughed and said, "According to him -- you didn't bat an eye. He thought that you were either the greatest actor in the world or you had lost your mind. Remember I told you that we had a few undercover agents in there besides you and Mike. He is one more of them."

"Well that's nice to know because now I feel better about telling you I want to use his daughter as our point of contact. Let me fill you in on why." Jesse told him about the need to use Phyllis and how he would go about this. "The Judge is afraid that his homosexual life style will hurt his chances of becoming a candidate. Therefore, his son and lover must appear to be normal. It must look like the real thing and we will even have to convince the Judge that she is in love with me. You are going to have to get her another job and cover her tracks with the Agency. These people are not fools and it could get rather sticky if they find out she works for Homeland Security. I want her protected and trained as much as possible. Can this be arranged?"

"All of this can be arranged, if she is willing to do it. Are you sure there is a good reason to continue our investigation of the Judge? The last time we talked you were not so sure of the project being legal. It could get very sticky. After all there is nothing subversive about a man running for public office."

"Hey, need I remind you that you sent me in there in the first place! Call me an alarmist, but I really think they are up to something other than electing a Moslem governor. I don't know what it is, but something smells fishy and I can't put my finger on it just yet. But, there are a few things that have always peeked my curiosity."

"What is that?" asked the Director.

"Well for one thing -- the way in which the Imam is indoctrinating me into Islam. It is just that he seems to be from the more radical branch. There are times that he appears to take orders from Yethro and then again he does hold his ground, too. Another thing is why Yethro would dock an ocean going speedboat on a small lake? I can see if there were some reason, but by the time you get the thing up to speed you have to cut the motor or you run aground. He says he likes to take it on to Lake Huron, but never once has he done it, as far as I know."

"Maybe he likes to have it around to show off," said Phyllis.

"You don't know him yet. When you do, you will find out that His Honor never does anything to 'show off'. He is the show and you know it! Anyway there are just too many unanswered questions."

"Mike feels the same way. I do think your idea of using Phyllis is a great idea. At least I will have an agent that can report to me everyday. Let's just see what happens. I'll set up everything at the office this weekend," the Director said. "You will clear out your desk Monday and I will get you a job downstairs. I will tell everyone that you got a better job offer. That way you can report to me directly. Is there anything else you will be needing?"

"Just some basic training for our new agent here," Jesse said, referring to Phyllis. 

"She has already been through that. Did you think I would not have a trained agent as my secretary? Not with all those reports that come across my desk. I am sure that if she needs anything else, she will ask me herself."

"Good, then for now, there is nothing more. We will get back to you if there is."

They said goodbye and the Director wished them luck. After he left, Jesse asked her why she did not tell him she was a trained agent.

"Need to know -- there was no need for you to know till now."

"Ok, fair enough. Let's go out to eat. I'm hungry."

They went out to eat in a Chinese restaurant and then a movie. They sat in the darkest part of the theater and made out a bit. After the show he took her to a bar and they sat at the bar, had a few drinks and played the jukebox and Jesse danced with her.

"Hey, you're not a bad dancer. You don't have two left feet after all," she smiled.

"Well maybe not, but I would rather dance with you in bed," Jesse whispered in her ear.

He paid the bar tab and they drove home where the two of them spent the rest of the evening sitting in her large bathtub soaking together. He sat with her between his legs, his arms around her hugging her, kissing her soft neck, nibbling on her ears and kissing her.

"Jess, that feels so good. I could get used to this. I hope this is not all playacting. If it is please tell me."

"Phyllis, it's not all playacting! But we are both professional agents. You know very well that it is not good for agents to become too involved. We should keep our emotions in check. Keep it on a high plain. But.... damn it! You are one hot woman and I don't think I can do that. It's going to be rough for me to do that and you are going to have to remind me from time to time. I wish I could tell you we have a future together, but we don't. Let's just enjoy our time together. What will be -- will be."

"Just so long as I know it's all in the job. Well we might as well have fun. After all, who knows what will happen tomorrow?"

He took her in his arms and kissed her deeply, their tongues dancing in each other's mouths and his hands all over her body. "Time we went to bed, my dear."

She arose from the tub and dried herself off a bit and then helped Jesse up and handed him a fresh towel. He dried himself and then said, as he saw her wrap herself in a bathrobe, "I'm sorry I did not bring a robe."
