 Disclaimer: This story is a work of pure fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental, and no harm or slanderous intent is implied or intentional. Other than that, the usual disclaimers apply. 

If you enjoy reading this story, please send in a donation to the site you are reading it on. Money is needed to keep this site "Up and Running".

I hope you enjoy my work, and if you have any comments, or ideas that may inspire new work, please feel free to contact me - all e-mails will be answered to the best of my ability. 

End of Chapter 21

Jesse leaned over and kissed her then lifted her into his arms and carried her nude body and placed it in her bed under the covers and then joined her... 

Chapter 22

While Jesse and Phyllis were playing house the Judge and his relative were traveling in the Judge's Jeep toward Lake Huron. In tow was the boat and trailer.

"Did you tell Jesse that we were going on a fishing holiday?" Dan asked.

"I did not! First of all I did not know I was going until I returned to the cabin on Friday night. By the time I got the call from our friend, I just had time to haul the boat up onto the trailer and then I called you. It does not matter much, because if I know Jesse he will be gone until Sunday night - if not Monday morning. We should be back before then. In any event, I left a note at the cabin telling him I'm taking the boat for a spin on the big lake to check it out and perhaps to do a little fishing." 

"Won't he be a bit curious?"

"What if he is? I can always tell him I am thinking of using it as a relaxation place to take my political advisers out for a few hours if the need should arise. I might even tell him I wanted a place to have a woman and sort of get him a bit jealous." 

"That's rather nasty of you. I thought you two were lovers. Look I like that boy and I think he is good for you. Is there something wrong? Have you two had a fight or something?"

"No, not really a fight! It was my fault. You see I sort of forced him to see one of the girls that you recommended. We sort of squabbled as he really did not want to do it. He does not want to have to fool her. After all, as he says, why get her hopes up, when there is absolutely no chance that anything will come of it. Dan, he is not like us, yet. We Muslims look at women differently than Americans. He still sees them as things to love or respect, while we use them for making sons."

"Hey, speak for yourself. Just because you had a bitch for a wife...."

"Now don't give me that crap. I don't see you as being the perfect husband. I know you are the benefactor of some of the better class brothels in town."

"I did not want to bring this up but as long as you started this, I will end it by pointing out that I did not, nor will I ever, put my wife aside for a blonde whore and a Christian one at that!"

Yethro laughed, "Just look at yourself in the mirror. What good-looking whore, blond male or female, would have you? You are an old goat and you know it and you are just jealous of me!"

Dan laughed and said, "Perhaps you are right. To tell the truth, I don't know if it would take much to force my wife to go to bed with another man. I think she would jump at it... That boy must really love you if you had to force him."

"See, that's what I keep telling you. After all, I did set him free and he came back to me. Now his willingness to do this with that woman for my sake is all the more proof of his loyalty and love for me. And there is one more thing - his willingness and possible conversion to Islam will be the final test. That was all his idea. I have never even suggested he do this. I was shocked when he asked to take lessons from the Imam."

"I just hope you will not push him too far and too fast. Yethro, even though you and I are related only by marriage, you know that I love you like a brother and do not want to see you hurt again. I know what a rough time your wife made for you at home. This boy has been the greatest thing that has ever happened to you and it would be a shame if...."

"Nothing is going to happen. Jess and I have developed a great relationship and we like to kid each other but we both understand that we will always be together, so let's drop that subject."

"O.K., subject dropped. Now about this man Hassin Al-Asbali. Who is he and why are we going to meet him on the middle of the lake? Why can't he enter the U.S.?"

"Hassin is a very famous Egyptian cleric who is a very high and influential man in the Brotherhood. He has made or destroyed even the highest politicians. He was the man who preached not only against the President of Egypt and brought him down, but also told off the American President and warned him that unless he converted back to Islam, Obama would suffer a catastrophic defeat. He almost issued a Fatwa calling for his death. He controls millions of people with his television sermons. We are going to meet him on my boat in the middle of the lake because he has heard of my political aspirations and wants to make sure that I will follow 'the party line'. You are coming along as my party chairman to vouch for me and to lend me support. After all, you were the one that forced me into this. He has to be told that conditions in America are different. While I do agree with most everything he preaches, I cannot appear to be his puppet. He cannot dictate to Muslims here in America. We must do things our way."

"Yethro, be careful! The Brotherhood...."

"STOP IT Dan! I think it's about time that you stop pretending that you do not know who the Brotherhood is and your function in it. I know you are their eyes and ears here in the Mid-West. How could you have been allowed to become a party leader or I, a Judge without Brotherhood approval? Neither of us would have been allowed to become dogcatchers."

"That's ridiculous. How do you know that?" 

"Come on Dan! Are you forgetting that I'm a Bedouin? And we have eyes and ears all over the place, even in the Brotherhood." Yethro smiled. "As for why we have to meet him on the lake -- you know he can not come here -- if it were known he was in the USA, the FBI would be on his ass like bees on a comb of honey. When we arrive at the lake this evening, we will put the boat in the water. Then I will clear our trip with the Coast Guard like I always do and in the morning we will motor out to meet him on the Canadian side of the lake. It is a big lake and we should be able to conduct our business and spend some time talking while we are fishing. If there are any Police or Boarder Patrol questions -- we are just fishing and happened to meet up. If they want, we will even invite the police to come on board. My identification as a judge should come in handy. I have done this many times and there has never been a problem."

The next morning, the combination of the sun shining into the window of Phyllis' bedroom and the ringing of his cell phone woke Jesse from a deep sleep. Reaching for his cell phone he noticed that he was alone in bed. Reaching out, he picked up the phone and said, "Jesse here."

"Jess, it's Mike. Something strange is going on. I know you were going into the city to see that girl so I thought I would keep an eye on the Judge. This morning I did a routine patrol around the perimeter of the Judge's property and his big boat is missing. I tried to contact him at the town house, but he is not there. Do you know what's going on?"

"I don't know a thing. Maybe he is out on the lake in a hidden cove fishing."

"I don't think so. I can usually spot that boat on the lake. It is kind of big you know. Also the trailer is gone!"

"I'll bet he took it to Lake Huron to go fishing there. He said he likes to do that from time to time and as far as I know he did not do that for a long time. He might have thought that with my being away, he could use the time to get in some Big Lake fishing. I'll call the boss and have him check with the Coast Guard up at the lake to see if that is what he has done. Maybe I'll ask him to use one of the drones or satellites to check him out. Thanks Mike, good work," he closed the cell and got out of bed.

"Jesse. Are you awake?" Phyllis called from the kitchen. "How do your want your eggs?"

"Yeah, I'm awake -- just scrambled and the coffee strong and black. I have to call the boss but I'll be there as soon as I'm off the phone."

He called the Director and he agreed to check with the Cost Guard. If he were out on the lake they would get a surveillance drone to check him out. Unless there was something purely illegal going on, they would do nothing except to keep him in view.

"Good and let me know what you find out."

"Breakfast is on the table, come and get it."

Jesse had pulled on his underpants and rinsed out his mouth and came to the table. "Mmmm smells good. I could get used to this," he said bending down and kissing her. "Besides a robe, I should leave a set of pajamas here."

"Oh and since when are you so formal?"

"Since I learned that your daddy is an Agent and he may burst in on us with a gun in his hand. Nothing kills my day faster than being shot by the father of a beautiful girl first thing in the morning. It just puts a damper on the whole thing," he smiled. "You, by the way, were fantastic last night and if your father had shot me -- it would have been worth it!"

"Well thank you! You did very well also," she smiled. "Who was that on the phone? I hope it wasn't another one of your girl friends?"

He grabbed her around and kissed her lips, then held her at arms length and looked into her eyes and said, "You, my dear, are the only girlfriend I have. After last night I have been having second thoughts about your part in this operation. It could be dangerous and I don't want to see anything happen to you."

"That's real sweet of you, Jess, but I kind of think I would like to be with you. Besides if I were not there -- you would still need another woman for the job. Have you decided to dump me and was that another female job applicant?"

"No, it was not." And he told her about the call. "It may only be a coincidence, but why would he wait until I was gone for the weekend to take the boat to the Big Lake. One of the first things a good agent learns is that he must never believe in coincidences. Take them as being real until proven otherwise. I feel something is up and I hope the Director can get something on tape."

"If there is something going on, I'm sure we will hear about it. In the meantime, there is no reason for us to sit around here all day. If something is up the boss has your cell and will call you. What do you want to do today?" Phyllis asked.

"I don't know. What do you think about showing me this town?"

"Well, we could go to a park for a picnic or some museums or we could just lay around all day nude and play house," she said. 

"I've never been to the museum, it might be fun. I'll bet that Yethro will never believe that I took you to one."

"Why would you think that?"

"He still thinks of me as a low-life whore without much formal education. And I think he would like to keep me that way. He keeps saying that I'm going to have to go back to school if I ever want to follow in his footsteps and run for office someday."

"Do you think you ever will run for office?"

"Not really, but since he could only become governor, he is hoping to run me for President after I take over the Governorship from him. He is a bit nutty on this."

"I don't think he is. I think you would make a great politician. You would be better than anyone I know and I will then be able to say that I knew you when," she laughed. "Therefore, as much as I would love to do the nude bit with you all day, I think we better get your education up to snuff and take in a museum or two today."

They had lunch out and went to the Museum of Art. He found Phyllis to be a very good guide and her knowledge of Art was excellent and extensive. About 2:30, as they were leaving the museum, Jesse's phone started to buzz. "Jesse here," he answered. He listened and then said, "We are on our way. We should be there in about a half hour or so!" Then, turning to Phyllis, he told her, "It's the boss. He has some news about Yethro and his fishing trip. He wants us to come see it right away."

Sitting in the Director's office a half hour later, Jesse and Phyllis were introduced by the Director to two gentlemen. One was the FBI regional Director and the other was a representative of the CIA. They were viewing a tape made that morning on Lake Huron.

"Jesse you know the two men in the Chris-Craft Corsair 25. They appear to be out fishing. Now watch as this other boat comes along side. It looks like another fishing party. All nice and normal-like. See how they offer the new arrivals a soft drink. Now watch as one of the men comes aboard Yethro's boat. I had the lab stop and enlarge the man's face. Have you ever seen or do you know who that is?"

"No, I don't know who he is. He looks like a fat bearded slob pretending to be a fisherman to me. Who is he?"

"Since you do not know him, let me introduce you to Imam Hassin Al-Asbali. Take a good look and remember his face. He is perhaps the most feared man in Egypt if not the rest of the Muslim world. He is the real power behind the Brotherhood. He sends out weekly taped sermons that are sent all over the world. They are way outside the norm and are treated like orders from God himself. He has issued Fatwas that are carried out with no questions asked. He and his organization make the Mafia look like a Sunday School. If Yethro is tied up with him, you can be damn sure that something is in the wind. And it must be important if he is here to see the Judge. In fact, I have never heard of him leaving the safety of his compound in Egypt before. I guess that answers your question about where the Judge is heading and you can be sure of one thing, Jesse. He is an agent of a cold blooded killer that thinks he is either the tool of God or maybe even God himself. Be careful, both of you. These men are professionals who don't play games. They are killers on the side of what they 'know' to be right and they love their work. They would think nothing of either killing both of you or worse yet.... "

"Maybe we should leave Phyllis out of this. She is not really a trained agent and I don't want to see her endangered," Jess said. "They would love to get their hands on her. Perhaps to sell her to one of their...

"Stop right there! I am a trained agent and I know all the risks." Phyllis laughed. "Besides they would never sell me. How much do you think they could get for me? Didn't Yethro say I was too old?"

"If he did say that he is really crazy. You're not too old for some horny old sheik looking to pay a bargain price for a beautiful American woman to warm his bed on those cold desert nights. I have even heard of them having rented their harem women out now and then to pick up a few gold coins," the Director joked.

"Albert, this is not a joking matter! The two of you will be careful," the FBI agent ordered. "I could order both of you to get the hell out of there, but we do need someone inside and if you are up to it -- we sure would like to have you continue. Besides, with Jesse's knowledge of Arabic, his position is critical."

"O.K. You made your point. It's not too late for Phyllis to get out, but I am going to continue." Jesse said. "Besides I have already been in a "Harem" of sorts and if I can help put this pig away it will have been worth it."

"I'm in also," added Phyllis. "I think Jesse needs someone to help him and besides I'm getting tired of sitting behind a desk all day. I need a little 'field work' for my résumé and this looks like it's going to develop into a great career maker."

"Talk about cold blooded women!" Albert,the Director, joked. "I really think the two of you are going to make a good team. What are you planning on doing next?"

"Well, I was thinking about taking her back with me to the cabin tonight so that I could introduce her to Yethro. That way he will feel like he has had a say in who is to be my 'Girl Friend' and also to give her a chance to get to know him."

"Good idea. But, what if he is not back by then? Or what if he comes back and finds the two of you in ....?"

"Well that would make for an interesting conversation bit."

"Leave that to us to workout. I want him to know that I'm doing all I can to erase the image of his being a sexual deviant from the public. And besides Phyllis, and I have already worked this problem out. Now unless there are any other questions, I think we had better be going. I think that a trip to the cabin and a dip in the lake would be a good end for this day."

After saying their goodbyes, they stopped by Phyllis's apartment and she picked up an over night case and a bathing suit and they drove up to the lake. During the drive Jess explained what he hoped to accomplish by having Yethro see the two of them together.

"I want him to feel comfortable seeing the two of us together. He has to think that you and I have hit it off. He has to feel comfortable with the idea that you have fallen for me, yet at the same time I have to convince him that as far as I'm concerned, it is a big act. If he even thinks that I'm going to dump him for you -- it will all be over. He may either throw me out or perhaps do something to you. I'm not sure which, but as long as he thinks I still love him and am only acting in his interests, we will have it made."

"That's crazy," she said. "I can't understand what you are saying or even that way of thinking."

"Look, I know it's hard for an American woman to understand, but in the Muslim world the feelings and wishes of women are of absolutely no relevance. Women are to be used for the benefit of men and as long as he thinks I'm doing that, he will not question my love or allegiance to him. I know it sounds horrible but that's the way it is. The important thing is, that he becomes convinced that I'm only using you because he forced me into it or I think it will help him."

"You're right. I will never understand it. I just hope you know what you're doing."

"My dear, remember that I have lived among Bedouins like Yethro. They are the most wonderful people you would ever want to meet until you cross them. They have been taught to live by their own laws and the dry arid desert is a harsh teacher. It is a barren wilderness yet it produced some of the most beautiful poetry ever heard by mankind."

Phyllis smiled and said, "You really love these people. Don't you?"

"Yes, I do." Jesse said and then remained quiet for a long, long time. Then he looked at her and added, "Phil, its hard to explain, but, I love them the way one loves a family member that has lost his mind and does crazy things." 

They drove for about an hour and then they turned off the road and took the side road that led up the hill to the cabin. They stopped at the gate and Jesse gave her the keys and told her to open the gate. He pulled the car in. Parked and called out for Yethro as he told Phyllis to lock the gate. Hearing no one answer, he opened the door and entered the cabin where he found a note from the Judge explaining that he and Dan had taken the boat to the big lake and would return by Monday if not sooner. 

Jesse showed her the note and said she might as well come in and get unpacked and they could take a swim before they had supper. Dressed in swim gear they went down to the dock and dove in. They swam out to the raft and climbed on and rested. Jesse held her in his arms and kissed her. "How do you like our little escape home? The Judge owns all of this lake and all the land around it. He keeps telling me it will all be mine someday."
