 Guess my story starts like a lot of others, middle age guy going through a divorce. Being short on cash, and long on bills, one day I decided to try checking out ads on CL. I was drawn to men seeking men under the pretense that men don't need all the attention, the wining and dining and days of foreplay that are often necessary with a woman.

Almost immediately a response came back from one of the ads. I had asked what would be special if he came over, and he came right back with he would make love to me like a woman, and lick my man pussy until I begged him to fuck me. Holy Shit,

Wasn't thinking along those lines.

But then I noticed my cock got hard from reading the response. So I shot back an email, and to taunt him I told him that I love a man who thinks he can get into my pants and lets me know, but not sure would give up my pussy.

Another email came back that he would see me soon, and I should be ready to take man cock. He would make love to me and enjoy my tits and pussy. At this point, I still did not realize that he would never refer to my cock or anything masculine about me. I was becoming his sub, and more, but didn't know it yet.

In a little while I heard the roar of an older car pulling up outside. A middle-aged man, smaller and thinner than me, walked up to my door, and we were together. We sat on my couch much closer than normal for two guys, and had some nice conversation.  

I did ask him why he responded that way, how did he know I would like it. He said just took a chance because he would like to make love to me like a woman, and he thinks I would enjoy it. As he talked, his hand went on the inside of my thigh and our eyes connected. I should have moved or done something, but didn't. Soon he moved his hand up to take mine, and put it in the middle of his crotch where I felt a bulge. He said he thinks I will like what he had for me, and asked me if I thought so. I answered yes. The first of many as he talked me into submission. 

Do I like the feel of his cock? Yes I tell him.

Would I like to see it? Thinking about the answer was making me horny as hell, yes I want to see it. 

But he didn't unzip his pants, but put his arm around me and moved in for a kiss. Feeling his arm around me, and feeling his manly lips against mine, was starting to flood my senses. His other hand went down to my crotch, where I was also bulging.

Then it slid up inside my shorts and I felt his finger probe around my ass crack and brush against my hole. My reaction let him know he had me, as I slid down on the couch and my legs fell open, exposing myself to more of his finger probe. 

Honey, you're really turning me on, he told me. His bulging pants verified that.

Why don't you stand up and undress for me, let me see your nice body.

I got up and stood in front of him and took of my shirt. Not sure why I did this, but I turned around and slowly lowered my shorts, exposing my ass to him. If that didn't make me feel sexy enough, having a man eyeing my ass and getting hard for me, his moan of approval sealed the deal.

Now I was naked with a man checking me out, and he told me to come back over to him. As I did he pointed to the spot between his legs and told me I could get his cock out to play with, and he would now show me how good it feels to be with a man.

I kneeled between his legs and undid his belt and lowered his zipper. Because of his erection, it was hard getting his pants off and over his hard cock. But finally it was free, and my face was only inches away. He told me to kiss it, and I did. His moan made me feel real good, and I kissed and licked my way up and down his shaft and balls, having free access to his manhood.

Verbally he was approving all that I did, telling me what a good cocksucker I was, and how he could tell I loved cock. I was loving his cock too. Because of his smaller size, his cock looked pretty big to me, but never really was inches away from a hard cock before either. Then he stood up and his cock was right in my face, but he helped me up and began to walk back toward the bedroom.

Now we were both naked and on the bed. He was kissing me and licking my nipples, which was turning me on big time. Eventually we were 69 with each other, and at one point my ass was exposed he just grabbed my cheeks and spread them, then buried his tongue inside my man hole. I had never had a tongue buried in me like that before, and let out a moan of my own in appreciation, and shifted my ass to give him better access, which he also took advantage of. 

Being a masculine male, I am usually the one checking out a woman's ass as she walks by. In fact, I think I am a little of an ass connoisseur, although after a hard winter they all look good. But now my ass is exposed, and another guy is checking it out, and playing with it and was turning me on to give him anything he wanted.

Now my ass had become a love canal, and was hot from me and wet from his fluids. 

He rolled me over so I was face down with my ass up in the air, exposed, as he continued his assault. Once in a while he would insert a finger or two and loosen me up some more. When he did this he asked how good it felt, and I had to confess it felt real good. Did I like it, yes. Would I like to feel his cock in there? Yes.

I really like your cock inside me.

Now he slid me to the edge of the bed where he was now standing. He flipped me onto my back and put my legs up on his shoulders as he looked intently down on me. I felt my ass being spread again and then felt his cock pressing right against my pucker hole. I felt his hips push forward and a little pain as he was now inside me

Making me gasp and begging to hold up. He did hold up for me, which allowed me to feel what was now his pussy to fuck, stretch to the size of his cock. 

As I looked up the smile on his face let me know he was happy. I smiled back, until the thrusting began. The first few were painful but he had me wet and loose enough that his cock soon worked it's way in and out at will.

My cock was hard too, and I put one hand on it and the other on my nipple and played with it. Then he began to talk dirty to me, telling me how sweet my pussy was and how he knew I was going to like cock and learn to take it. I liked that, and replied his cock felt so good inside me, and now I know what it's like to be fucked by a man, and the power of cock. That turned him on too and his thrusts picked up.

So I pumped him some more and said yea Baby, fuck that little pussy with your big cock. You know I need a good fucking by a nice man cock because it feels so good buried inside me. He was moaning, groaning, breathing hard, and frantically pounding in and out of me. You were right, I love it.

And I was feeling really good feeling with my legs up in the air, my naked ass exposed, and a man pumping his cock in and out of my ass. I realized that I had always wanted to be fucked like this, and now was the moment it was happening.

Finally he grunted like a buck in heat and I felt his hips jerk and cock swell inside me. My cock started shooting cum drops all over the place, and I could feel it hitting my stomach and chest, and one or two made It up to my face. He smiled some more and took his fingers and swiped up some cum and licked it off his fingers. Than he did it again and fed it to me.

My first fucking by a guy was over, and I liked it. I experienced the power and intensity of a man's hard cock, the intensity and passion that goes with it. I love the single-mindedness of a man in heat, and just knowing he is primed to breed and mate you, you know your hot enough to want to do that to you.