 This story is dedicated to all the real Super Heroes of our time - The Service men and women of our Armed Forces and First Responders. 

This story is a work of pure fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental, and no harm or slanderous intent is implied or intentional. 

I hope you enjoy my work, and if you have any comments or ideas that may inspire new work, please feel free to contact me - all E-mails will be answered to the best of my ability. Joystick56@Hotmail.com 

THIS SITE PROVIDES THE READER WITH MANY GREAT STORIES. Please send a donation to the site you are reading this on. Money is needed to keep this site "Up and Running".

*****

The end of chapter 38

"Why not run it through to the "Boss" and see what he has to say? I'm sure the idea coming from the President would have more impact and I just think he might want the capture of the Caliph as a good-bye trophy to crown his farewell from office this January. Besides, I don't relish the thought of asking Jesse to give up his citizenship to say nothing of his foreskin," the chief said.

Chapter #39

"It's a good idea. I'll bring it up with the President as soon as I can," laughed the Director. "But I really don't expect anything. With all he has to do in the next week, I don't think he will find time before leaving office. However, if he does decide, he can go either way on this. I don't know if he will want to risk the possible consequences of a failure. It might mean he leaves office with another black mark against him. He may not want to act on this alone or, then again; he might want to at least inform the President-elect of the situation. I will bring it up to him, but either way it will be a rough choice. After all, I don't even know if I'll have a job by the end of January. The new boss might just want to clean out the department and fire all of us."

"You don't seriously think that do you? How can he throw out all these years of hard work?"

"He can and he will, if he feels like it. He is going to be our boss and he will want his men in the department... For better or worse - that's the way the system works. Anyhow, I'll contact the President and give him the news but, until the twentieth, he will have the ball in his court and if he's smart I think he will just pass the buck to the new man. Then, whatever happens will be on his watch. I'll let you know what he decides," and he hung up the phone.

The Chief closed his phone and let out a deep sigh as he drove down the road toward town away from the cabin.

Meanwhile up at the cabin, Jess, Ronnie and the Judge had opened the cabin and aired it out. "Jesse, you and Ronnie start a fire in the fireplace to get the chill and mustiness out of here and I'll start supper. After that you can open a bottle of white wine to 'air out'. Then take her around and show her the place while I prepare us a supper. Hey, take her for a boat ride on the lake," he said. "She will enjoy that. The fish might take a while to defrost. It won't be much, all we have is canned vegetables to go with the fish but I'm sure I still remember how to cook up a storm."

Jesse did that and then showed Ronnie around the place. When they reached the rear porch, he offered his hand to her and led her down to the wharf and the boat sitting by the dock. He removed the tarp and after checking the fuel supply he asked her if she would like to take a ride around the lake before supper.

"Yes," she said excitedly and Jesse helped her in and sat down beside her. He turned on the motor and eased the boat away from the dock and then headed for the center of the lake where he stopped the boat and called up Yethro on the ship radio and told him he was taking Ronnie for a tour around the lake. "Great idea, I'll call you when supper is ready¬-should be about an hour. Have fun but be careful there are flotation devices under the seats, just in case."

"I'll be careful - no rough stuff only a slow tour." Then cruising the boat to the far end of the lake, he pulled into a small cove and stopped the engine. There was a small sand beach there and you could look down into the clear water and see beds of mussels and schools of little sunfish swimming around. Up from the beach was a stand of birch trees. 

"Isn't it wonderful here?" Jesse sighed. "The quiet is deafening. Sometime the deer come down to the lake for a drink of lake water right there," he said pointing to a little clearing in the woods up from the sand. "Shushhh. Maybe one will come down if we stay still and quiet."

"Ohhh yes!" she gushed. "I know what you mean. It's really so peaceful and beautiful here. It would make a perfect place for another cabin." She held her breath and searched the shoreline looking for animals. After a while she just could not keep quiet any longer and whispered to Jesse, "Rashid tried to describe it to grandma and me but we could not believe him. We kidded him and accused him of being on Hashish. You see, I was born and raised in the city and even before the war it was always dirty and noisy. We never had anything like this near us. It is hard to visualize that places like this even exist. Now, I believe him. He was so right. He tried to tell us how beautiful it was and how rustic at the same time. He said it was like a story from The Thousand and One Nights or a Disney movie fairy tale. We know it really is not real but still, you hope so. You know the ones with the talking birds, the rabbits and deer. So peaceful that you just want to sit and watch the woods and the lake and feel the weight of the world lift from your shoulders. No mater how he described it he did not do it justice. He even used an old Arabic comparison, being in an oasis in the desert after traveling on the back of a camel for days on end without water. He said that it was like entering a different world - a world that was unlike anything he had ever seen. Now that I have seen it for myself, I can fully understand. OHHH Jesse, you must promise that someday we will bring Jidd (Grandma) up here- she will love it," she babbled as Jesse moved closer to her placing his arm around her shoulder and pulling her near him. "She has had so very little beauty in her life, I would love to see her face when she sees it," Her eyes clouded with tears. 

"What a wonderful idea! What do you say to our asking Yethro if we can invite her up here for her birthday. Yes, I think that would be wonderful," Jesse placed his hand under her chin and pulled her face to him and kissed her lips. "But, what I really can't wait for is coming up here after we are married and it will be just the two of us alone." He held her close and could feel her body flow into his as her arms closed around him. 

"For that unrealized dream you have only yourself to blame. This waiting is your foolish idea, not mine. I want you now and I don't care about your stupid silly law. I want my body and soul to be yours - you are my husband. I want you inside me. I am tired of waiting. I don't think I can wait much longer. There is no reason for us not to be... If you are worried about a pregnancy, Habibi, I know you have ways of preventing me from becoming pregnant. I know that most of my friends have had sex with their boyfriends. In fact, most of them are having sex with their boyfriends and they are not even engaged yet. There is no way for anyone to find out! For the love of Allah, we are married. If you don't like condoms, I would even be willing to go to a doctor and get the pills or have a device installed, please."

"I see you have been reading as well as doing some research. What you say may be true, but Habibi, we must wait... I do not fear making you pregnant. Yethro, Rashid your uncle, and even the Imam think it would be too delicate a matter for us to wed before you're really an adult. If I'm to run for public office someday, I must not flaunt the law. I don't want to walk into a supermarket and see pictures and a story about how it was uncovered that we had snuck off to some love-nest and find ourselves splashed all over the filthy rag... Now that's the way it has to be and that's the way it will be. We will not act as man and wife until it is legal and proper. This will be the way we will conduct our lives. I will not have scandal! Even if I were not planning to run for office, I want our life to be clean from the start."

"Clean? There is nothing dirty about..." He stopped her by kissing her and running his tongue over her lips and into her mouth. Their tongues danced around each other...while the fingers of one of his hands gently unbuttoned the blouse top and reached in to seek out her breasts and finding her hard nipple he squeezed it with his two fingers, while his other hand reached under her skirt and ran over her panty clad mound.

"That feels so good," she whispered as she reached for the zipper on his fly and slowly lowered it. "I love you," she moaned as her fingers reached in, explored and found Jess' cock and squeezed it very softly. "Ohh! Its so hard and warm and its wet," she sighed in his ear. 

"And it's going to get a lot harder and wetter if you keep that up," Jesse cautioned her as he tried to remove her hand. "We better stop before I..."

"No! I want to do this... If you will not take me then let me do something to relieve your pain and she pulled it out and roughly stroked his cock."

"Hey, gentle, you don't want to rip it off.."

"I'm afraid you are going to have to teach me.. I only have read about these things in books," she said as she kissed him again and started to ease up on her ministrations. "How is that? Any better? 

He placed his hand on hers and gradually reduced her speed. "There, that's more like it," he said as he reached into his pocket and removed a handkerchief to cover his cock head.

Thinking that he was hiding it, she whispered "No, don't hide it! I want to see it erupt,".

Jess could no longer contain himself and he burst out laughing.

"Did I say something stupid??" She almost burst into tears. "I told you I have only book-knowledge of these things. Grandma has not begun to instruct me in the ways of the marriage bed yet, and Rashid is, not helpful either. He just keeps telling me that my husband will instruct me in all I need to know." She half cried and half laughed to the point of desperation as she removed her hand from his penis and pulled away to the security of the far corner of the boat seat. "I have ruined it. You were right. I'm still too young to do this."

Jesse grabbed her arm and gently pulled her back toward him and in a calm voice said, "You ruined nothing my little flower. It is only natural to want to rush. I'll bet you have never seen a man before."

"Only very young boys before the war, when they would go to urinate against a wall. My mother and father sent me to live with Grandma and Rashid and I was not living with them when the rebels took over my town. I was fortunate not to see the horrible things they must have done to my mother, father and the entire village. I can only imagine what it was like. No, I never have seen anyone as big as you. Nor have I touched one. It must hurt when you will push it into me."

"Well I will admit that I'm a little above average in size, but it will 'fit' into you. I would never 'push' it into you dry. If I have to, I will use a good lubricant and while there may be some pain at first, you will get used to it and I hope you will get to like it. I promise I will be as gentle as I can be and stop anytime you ask me. But, this all will happen the time is right. For now it is still too early for us to have real sex. Do you want me to take you back to the cabin now?"

"No not just yet. Will you let me be a bad girl for a while yet? Can you let me see what you look like down there?" she blushed. "I must sound like a little street girl."

"No you don't sound like or even resemble a street girl," Jesse smiled and stood up loosened his belt, undid his pants and together with his under-shorts let them fall to his knees exposing himself to her. "There have a good look, you can even touch it if you want," he said drying the precum off with the handkerchief, "there nice, clean and dry. You could even kiss it, if you want to."

She reached over and gingerly took it in her hand and saw a drop of precum come out of the slot. "What's that?"

"That's called 'Pre' or natural lubricant. It comes out when I'm aroused. You will also produce some yourself in your KOOS (Vagina in Arabic), when you are aroused. Remember I told you I would use lubricant? Well this is the natural kind. The other is store purchased and it's advisable to use it when either of us does not produce enough of the natural stuff. It eases the insertion. Go on kiss it. There is nothing dirty about sex when it is between two lovers."

She hesitated and looked up at Jesse then closed her eyes and gave the side of his penis a quick peck after which she dropped his manhood and could not hide the look of fear in her eyes. "Don't be afraid. There is plenty of time for you to learn and, to tell you the truth, it will be fun for both of us to explore our love, our bodies and learn together. We have a whole lifetime ahead of us," he said as he bent down and took her in his arms again and kissed her. "Next time I will teach you more and we can explore even more together."

"I'm such a bad girl getting you all aroused and then..."

"No, Habibi, you are my wife-to-be and there is and never will be anything bad between us, ever," he said as he raised his pants, just as Yethro's voice came over the radio.

"Dinner in 10 minutes... You better head back in unless you like dried fish."

"We better hurry back!" he whispered in her ear and, after they had adjusted their clothes, he guided the boat back across the lake to the dock where they moored the boat and together hand in hand, walked up the path to the cabin where Yethro was waiting for them. Upon entering the cabin, they discovered, the table was set with white linen, two candle sticks and a little vase of newly picked wild flowers that grew near the cabin.

"Not a fancy hotel," the Judge, with a towel draped over one arm, smiled as he bowed and held out a chair for Ronnie to sit in. "But the best I could arrange for on such short notice."

"It's wonderful and I love your place. It's even better than the state dinner with the President was. It is a palace to me and I was telling Jesse that, with your permission, I would love to bring Grandma up here sometime soon. She would love the clean air and the water."

"What a wonderful idea! Yes, you and Jesse can bring her up anytime you want. Only inform me before hand, as I would like to prepare a real Arabic meal for her, say lamb ka-bobs cooked in the fireplace. However that would require preparations and planning. By the way, this cabin and all the land around it belong not to me alone, but to Jesse as well. And just to tell you now, with your permission, I intend to give this cabin and all the land to you and Jesse when you marry as a wedding gift. I know I told you that I had thought of sending you both on a world tour honeymoon trip, but maybe this would be better. A honeymoon would last for only a month and then be over. This way you could come up here anytime you wanted a honeymoon."

"But, Abba what will you do for a vacation?"

"I may get me that place in Canada. You remember the place about which I was telling that guy we met last week. Then you and my grandchildren can come up there and visit me when I retire. In any event, that is a long time from now."

"I have a better idea. Jesse and I were just over at the other side of the lake and there is a nice cove there. If you would allow us to build a larger cabin there - you could still come up here and visit with our children and still have this beautiful cabin to yourself."

"What a wonderful idea. I know exactly the spot you are talking about. Is it not the area where we find those mussels for bait?"

"Yes it is! That very spot!"

"Perfect! You picked a wonderful spot and a wonderful girl, Jesse. I could not have picked one better. Just think, having everyone I love and want and all fenced in...What more could a man want? I will be able to take my grandchildren hunting and fishing and if Jesse gets under foot, you can ship him over to me for a spanking," Yethro laughed.

They had a nice dinner and then closed down the cabin and drove back to the capital. As it was late, they dropped off Ronnie and only stayed to say goodnight to the family. The next morning she was questioned over and over about her date with both Jesse and the Governor. Her Grandma was thrilled when Ronnie told her about the trip and that both the Governor and Jesse wanted her to join them the next time. 

Jesse got a call from Mr. Green, who informed him that he was trying to arrange a meeting with both the President and President-elect but it looked like that was not going to happen at least until the waters calmed down. Right now the President was not sure whether he wanted to continue communication with his replacement or not. Contrary to what both sides were saying openly, it had been a rather rough transition. Under the guise of improving the system, new, non-professionals were being placed in high office. Phil Green, because he had a reputation of running a tight but unorthodox operation was for some reason overlooked. The new President also had developed the reputation of thinking outside the box and had become one of those admirers of Yethro's means of running his State government. Even though he hated the fact that The Judge was a Moslem, he could not help but admire him. It was too bad he was not born in the US. He might have considered him for a Supreme Court nomination. When he had been informed confidentially that this man's son was an under-cover agent, it peeked his interest even more. Homeland Security was one of the departments scheduled to take a big hit. He was forced to rethink his attitude when his own security chief told him to tone it down and at least retain Green and most of his agents until he had a chance to go over certain secret operations that fit into his way of thinking. It appeared that the new President was beginning to realize that his predecessor was not the complete idiot he had painted him out to be during the brutal campaign that had almost torn the country apart. Grudgingly, he was forced to admit that the man he had accused of being a secret Moslem was in fact not. Not only that, but he had done his best to keep the nation safe and Homeland Security was worth a second look. Even Philip was surprised to hear that he was to be retained, at least for the time being. It was at this point that Philip pulled his 'I don't give a shit attitude' and insisted that the new President meet with his agent and see if the old method could be retained or if a new modus operandi had to be worked out. 

"Do you really need for your agent and the new President to have this meeting? Is it really that important?" his transition leader asked.

"Yes I do! Not only that but I think you owe it to yourself if not the country. Do you know how long it took, to say nothing of his personal sacrifice, for this agent to worm his way into the leadership of the Caliphate? If you did, you would not ask that question. He has lived with the fact that at anytime one of these killers could cut his throat. If you want an agent that could be the second in command and able to inform you of your enemies moves at any given time, I should think that YES, you must meet with him. An hour of your time would be worth it and you could save many American lives. This is a man that has been offered a seat next to the Caliph and he has been offered the Caliphate of the Americas. Even if he never accepts, it is too good an offer for us to reject him. We have never had an agent this close to the Caliph and you won't talk to him for an hour? Shame on you! Your predecessor gave him 4 hours one day and after that gave him direct access to the Oval Office 24 hours a day. You must arrange a meeting. To do otherwise is stupidly bordering on treason, to say nothing of wasting 3 years of undercover work. You either do this or you can look for another Homeland Chief as of right now."
