 This story is dedicated to all the real Super Heroes of our time - The Service men and women of our Armed Forces and First Responders. 

This story is a work of pure fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental, and no harm or slanderous intent is implied or intentional. 

I hope you enjoy my work, and if you have any comments or ideas that may inspire new work, please feel free to contact me - all E-mails will be answered to the best of my ability. 

THIS SITE PROVIDES THE READER WITH MANY GREAT STORIES. Please send a donation to the site you are reading this on. Money is needed to keep this site "Up and Running."

*****

End of chapter 42

Passion and fire seemed to envelop her, fill her, as she passed out again. Luckily, she did not even feel the pain as his fingers prodded her, trying to enter her rear end...

Chapter #43

"Damn it," her would be rapist cursed, "she has an ass as tight and hot as her tight pussy." Well, he thought, since I'm not permitted to bust in her front door at this time, I'll bust down her rear door even if I have to blast it with dynamite. Placing his finger in his mouth to wet it, he then rubbed it around her anal ring and pressed to gain entrance, but still found he could not. Frustrated after repeated tries, he finally was able to spread her ass cheeks apart with his thumbs. Then placing his mouth on her rosebud he began to use the tip of his tongue to penetrate, lubricate and move around and around the ring. Digging as deep as he could into her with his tongue, flittering in and out and then pressing down as hard as he could, he finally broke down the gate of resistance and broke through. He almost shouted with joy, as he tasted her essence kissing, licking and nibbling on her rear end. His mind wandered back trying to remember the last time he had entered a woman's ass. Feeling the warmth he removed his tongue and again pushed his finger past the ring and into her deeper and deeper. Try as he might he could not remember the last time he had been with a woman. All those years in prison and then the enforced slavery to the Caliph, he had almost forgotten what it was like. The guys behind bars always justified and tried to excuse their homosexual lust by saying, 'a hole is a hole'.. And after a time one comes to believe it, but this is not all together true. This lovely soft female ass is something altogether different.. Here was a fresh young piece of flesh to be devoured. It is so soft and warm. So different from all those men he had known. He could not remember the last time he had been this excited. His cock was harder than steel. Harder than he could ever remember it being. So hard it was dripping pre-cum. He removed his finger and gripping his hard cock, he placed the dripping wet head on the rosebud and started to push. Just when he felt the tip pushing aside the golden gate, a voice from outside the tent shouted and destroyed his lust..

"Commander! Commander! You better get out here now."

"Shit! What in the fucking hell do you want now?" Dawud shouted as he stumbled to his feet, grabbed a tattered rag, cleaned his hands and yelled, "This had better be important. I told you not to interrupt me unless the world is coning to an end."

"It is of the utmost importance that you come out here now and see this for yourself, sir."

Grabbing his pants and stepping into them, he went to the tent flap and peeping out he asked angrily, "O.K. what is the problem?"

"Look over there! Do you see that dark cloudbank? It's a khameseen, I think! And it is coming fast, you better prepare for it before it's too late."

"Idiot! A khameseen at this time of year? That's ridiculous. Don't they usually come between March and May? That can't be a khameseen. It may be just a sand storm!"

"Yes you might be right, but, khameseen or sand storm, this looks bad and in either case we had better get ready for it right now. It could create big problems for us. You will have to tie everything down and since there are no natural barriers like hills or caves here, we will have to get as deep undercover as we can. Cover your head and face with cloth. Any weapons will have to be covered as well. We have taken the precaution to fill every empty barrel and container we could find with water from the spring." Then seeing a glimpse of Ronnie's naked body lying on the makeshift bed he added almost drooling, "It would be best if you cover your bodies as well and do not come outside if you can help it. Sand storms don't last too long, but they have been known to do a lot of damage. It is better to be prepared for it."

"Yes, you are right. Thank you for the warning. Please see to it that a few Jerry cans of water are placed inside our tent. I will see to it that we get ready and, again, thank you for the warning and I must apologize for being so nasty before."

"No apology necessary, I can appreciate the reasons for your frustration. Don't worry. There will be plenty of time for amusements later. Just get ready now." 

Dawud got dressed and when Ronnie began to stir he handed her what clothes he could scrape up, "Here, put these on for now. We will find you others later. A sand storm is coming. I hope it won't last too long. After it is over, we can get back to our little party, my little sweet pet. There is no need to rush things now that we will have plenty of time for 'fun and games'. I have come to the decision that under no circumstance are you to be returned to Jesse. No, you are too good for that spoiled bastard. I want you for myself. You belong to me now. You are too beautiful to return to him and I am going to keep you for myself. Well, at least for the time being. You see, I want to have the pleasure of taking your cherry first. Then after that and a little bit of training, we will see if I still wish to keep you or sell you. "

"No! Please." She pleaded. "You know our law. I am already his wife by Sharia law! If it takes him years, he will hunt us down and when he finds out I am no longer a virgin, he will kill both of us. Even if by some miracle he should decide to give me up and divorce me, in the eyes of Allah, I will still be dishonored. My uncle, Rashid, will then hunt us down and restore the family honor..."

"Stop that crap," he said as he slapped her face. "They may try to find us but there are plenty of safe places in this world we can run to where they will never find us. I know you don't like the idea now, but believe me, once we are away from this hellhole you will get used to it and who knows, you might even get to like it."

After both of them were dressed, he dug out a small trench and made a small fort-like structure in the center of the tent. Using what material he found he constructed a roof of cross beams and used the mattress to cover them creating a small cave like shelter. He then wet some cloths and instructed Ronnie to lie down inside the makeshift shelter and cover her head. When the wind increased outside, he joined her inside the fort and the two of them listened and waited as the wind picked up outside the tent. 

"See, I knew it, this is no khameseen! It's just a sandstorm. A khameseen would be hotter, and less windy. Nonetheless, it sounds bad," he shouted as the wind picked up speed and howled outside. It tore into the tent sending loads of sand to pile up on the windward side of the tent. The force of the wind and weight of the sand caused the tent to collapse on top of them burying them. However, the roof of their little fort held and they were able to survive.

The storm raged for about two hours and then subsided... Some of the camp dwellers finally came to their aid and dug Dawud and Ronnie out. They looked around at what was left of the encampment and all they saw was devastation. They had to wonder how anybody or anything had survived. Sand had gotten into everything. It had bored into the smallest places and plugged them up. Trucks and cars had to be dug out and cleaned. Guns and ammunition had to be washed and oiled. The radio tower was down. There was not much left but the Captain and Dawud soon had everything and everyone organized into small work parties and the work of cleaning and rebuilding soon started. After helping to secure Ronnie and Dawud in their restored tent, the Captain left the two of them there and went to work on the unit's radio. When it was operational, the first person he contacted was the Caliph. He reported to him that while things were a bit upset now, they hoped to restore the equipment and get everything back to normal in a few days. 

"I wish I could say things here are going better," said the Caliph. "They are not! While we have not suffered from anything like a sand storm, for some reason I can't get in touch with the girl's boyfriend or his family yet. Either they are out of touch or are just not taking my calls. The only one I was able to get in touch with is the girl's uncle, Rashid, and he is furious. I was able to calm him down. However, he wants me to use everything I have to see to it that Ronnie is returned to him and the family. He wants that done right now! When I refused and told him that the only way he would ever see her again was for Jessie to agree to come and join me, he told me that Jessie had disappeared. He is not even around and he could not be contacted. They thought that perhaps when he heard about the kidnapping, he had gone after the kidnappers and they either killed him or God-knows-what. As far as the Judge is concerned, he, too, is pissed off and both he and Rashid are threatening to go to the F.B.I. and tell them everything."

"That's stupid! Neither of them is going to go to the F.B.I. They might deport Rashid and his mother. And who knows what this would do to the Judge's chances for a second term. Tell him to go to hell. Even if the F.B.I. wanted to do something about this - there is nothing they could do," the Captain laughed and continued, "Besides, from what I can see, it looks like Commander Dawud has decided that he is not going to return the girl under any circumstances. It appears he wants her for himself and I can't blame him for that. That girl is one beauty. If I were in his shoes, I might do the same."

"Well, you are not in his shoes and I expect the Commander, you and your men to control yourselves!" the Caliph shouted. "Now tell me how they are doing."

"Well, aside from the inconvenience of the storm, the Commander seems to be in fine shape. The girl, however, has had a bad time of it. It looks like she has been resisting her imprisonment and his sexual advances and fighting him off. He had commanded us to stay away from his tent. But, when I heard those horrid screams coming from the tent just before the storm, I could not help it and used the sight of the coming sandstorm to interrupt him. However, by the time I was able to interrupt him she appeared to have passed out. She must have put up a big fight. Her clothes were torn off her body and she lay nude as well as bruised and unconscious on the tent floor chained to a huge stake that he had requested that I plant in the center of the tent. There was a leather whip lying near by. I did not notice any lash marks on her, but he must have been having a rough time with her, sir. If you know what I mean."

"A rough time! Damn that bastard, he had better not have harmed her! He knows I need her in good shape. She was not to be molested in any manner."

"Well, Your Eminence, it sure looked like he was planning to do that. This storm may have delayed whatever he was planning to do to her for now. It looks as if his fun will have to be postponed for a few days, as things are a bit upset now. However, we should be back to normal in a day or two and after that, who knows? She is such a delicate and delicious morsel, while he is such a ravenous beast, I cannot see her resistance lasting much longer." The Captain almost drooling said.

"Back to normal, my ass," shouted the Caliph. "Is that so, Captain, send for him, NOW! I want to talk with him. Things have changed and as of this moment, I charge you to see to it that under no circumstance is he to violate her. That is a direct order from me to you. From now until this is settled, I charge you with the responsibility for that girl's safety and her wellbeing. And I will have his as well as your balls if she has been molested. Is that clear and understood?"

"I understand, sir but no disrespect sir, I beg your pardon, but for all I know he may already have violated her and there was nothing I could do about it. He ordered us to keep out of his way and refused any of us to even speak to her let alone help her. You cannot blame me for something that the Commander and you started. I'm sorry, but I'm not taking the blame for the things he might have done to her. It was you who ordered my men and me to assist and provide him with whatever he wanted. He was acting on your orders that he was in charge and I was to take my orders from him. As only a Captain, I could not question his authority when he came here and I'm not sure if I can even now!"

"You are right. You could not have known. BUT as of now, you will protect her. I ORDER IT. AS OF THIS SECOND," he shouted, "he is no longer a commander. I charge you with both her protection and well-being! And understand this, I want her in good shape until I tell you otherwise. Do you agree to this? Can you now take over and do my bidding?"

"You are the Caliph, Your Eminence. I have always followed your orders and always will, sir."

"Good as of now you are in charge. Is he available to talk to me now?"

"No, he is busy directing the clean up of the camp."

"You send for him. Do it nicely, as I want to find out what he is intending to do. If he refuses or gives you any problem, arrest him and put him in chains."

"Yes, sir. I'll send for him, Sir."

Dawud was sent for and told the Caliph was on the radio and wanted to speak with him. Thinking that perhaps Jesse had agreed to join the Caliph and this would be over soon, he rushed into the tent and took the phone from the Captain. "Yes, Your Eminence, It's good to hear from you. Have you any news for me?"

"I was just telling the Captain that I'm having trouble getting in touch with either Jesse or the Governor. I'm sure it will take a few days or a week more, but ..."

"That's it! The deal is off. There is no more deal. She belongs to me as of now! I am not going to give her up. The plan was to use her only to make Jesse come to you. Once you had him, it was up to you to make sure he forgets about her. Now, if you can not even contact him, then I will execute Plan B"

"Shut up! That's not exactly what was supposed to happen and you damn well know it," said Haroun. "What I did agree to was that you could keep her only after Jesse came to me and agreed to join me as my second in command. I said that once he was here, I would try my best to make him forget about her. Until that happens, she is to be unharmed. Is that clear? When he calls, he will want pictures of her or something to prove she is still alive, untouched and well. If he thinks otherwise, he might refuse my invitation. Don't be an idiot. I know Jesse. When push comes to shove, Jesse is really a homosexual and could not care one bit for her. From our meeting on the boat, I know he has feelings for me. You saw the video of us together. Was that the actions of a man who loves women or was it that of a man lover? Your job is to hold her until he is here with me. After he is here and under my control, I will make him forget about that little tramp. Then and ONLY THEN could you do what you like with her. Jesse is as greedy and ambitious as the rest of us, if not more so. Power, raw unlimited power is what he wants, and he wants it now, while he is young and not when he is too old to enjoy it. Once he is here with me and sees for himself that only I hold the power to place him on not only on the throne of the United States but also give him the rest of the world, he will forget about both her and Yethro. He will forget about all that crap that Yethro and Rashid have fed him. He will quickly come to see that not by votes but by our combined armed forces will his Caliphate be established. I am ready and will provide him with everything he needs and wants. He can have everything he dreams about. If he still wants a woman, I will give him a thousand women, each and every one better than that guttersnipe. It will be easy to make him forget about her. Now, that was what we agreed on. That, and nothing else! Now, you will obey me. I am the Caliph and still your commander, and remember you are still in Caliphate territory. I do have agents in the Sinai. Do you understand what I am saying!! Is it clear?"

"What will I get out of this and when will I get it? I have waited too long now."

"I told you that if this works out the way I think it will, you could have any woman you want. If I convince Jesse and he doesn't want her, you can have her as well. But until I tell you otherwise, damn it, she is off limits. Again, is that clear?" he shouted.

"Okay, yes it is clear. I get what you are saying; however you can't expect me to wait much longer. This camp is a mess and we are going to have to dig out of this sand. As of right now we are defenseless and sitting ducks."

"Then I suggest that you begin acting like a Commander. Stop playing with that bitch and start rebuilding right away. Is there anything you need? Perhaps we can help?"

"I don't think that would be a good idea. Any help you might send might be observed and lead the Americans or the Egyptians here and we do not need them poking around. We will be fine. It will take a few days to get things dug out and get the rest of the equipment in shape. We will have to do it gradually so as not to arouse any attention. Sand storms are more or less normal here so it would be best to just sit it out for a few days."

"Yes, and while there is little that can be done at this time, you will not use that time to molest our captive. You will make sure that our package is well protected, just in case we need her in the future. Everything has gone fairly well to this point and I will double my efforts to get in touch with Jesse. Unless he has changed his mind, I'm sure he wants her back safe and sound with her family and that he will not only come, but jump at the chance of seeing me again. If Jesse was around and I could have spoken with him, we would have concluded our business by now. We are almost there and there is no sense in screwing up the operation now. Just give me time to work this out. Once I contact Jesse I'm sure I can get him here and under my control. I'm positive I can convince him to join us and perhaps forget about her. After all, we all know that he wants to become the American Caliph. However, if he keeps listening to Yethro, he is going to have to wait until he is at least 45 years old to be elected to the post. That is much too long to wait for that to happen. By that time, we shall have completely over-run Europe, destroyed the British monarchy and other governments, and formed the Islamic confederation of Eurasia, and destroyed the United States. We will not need him anymore, as we will install one of our own people as Caliph. If he were to join me now, we can work together and hasten the final victory of Islam and then I will appoint him as Caliph of not only the United State but also, all of North America. By joining me now, he will learn and I will teach as well as provide him with everything he ever wanted to accomplish that goal. The two of us will march together as we oversee the complete destruction, cleansing and enslavement of the world's infidels. If he still feels he needs a woman, I can give him twenty women a night as beautiful, if not better than, Rashid's trash. Instead of her, he can have his pick of any or all of Hollywood's male and female beauties. Remember this, like I told you before, Jesse is more interested in men than women. You saw those tapes of our last meeting. He admitted not only his homosexuality to me but said he loves me. He said that Yethro and Rashid convinced him against his will that he needed her for the children she could bear as his future heirs. Well, I was able to convince him that any woman can do that and that he could have at least five wives and as many concubines as he felt like."
