 This story is dedicated to all the real Super Heroes of our time - The Service men and women of our Armed Forces and First Responders. 

This story is a work of pure fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental, and no harm or slanderous intent is implied or intentional.

I hope you enjoy my work, and if you have any comments, or ideas that may inspire new work, please feel free to contact me at the contact tab on my profile - all E-mails will be answered to the best of my ability. 

Please send a donation to the site you are reading this on. Money is needed to keep this site "Up and Running".

*****

End of Chapter #33

"Mmmmmm that's 100 proof," he smiles and says, "I think it's going to take Ronia many years to learn to savor you like I just did. Do you think you can even teach her?"

"I'm sure I can and it might be fun, but, as long as I have you - I won't need to do that..."

Chapter #34

"Now, now, Jess, you know that as a good Muslim husband it will be your duty to teach and train her in the ways of the marriage bed." Yethro chided him. "I don't want to hear that Ronnie is deprived of your superior love making abilities. It would be an insult to our family it she were to be unable to produce children because of some deficiency of yours. You have a duty to me, as your father and to Allah, the Father of all of us. I fully expect you to "knock her up" within as short a time as possible and to keep her 'knocked up' for as long as she is able to produce sons. I don't want to hear anything about over population. I want many grandchildren."

"Hey, I will do my duty. You can bet on it." Jess replied. He did not want to hurt the Judge's feeling by bringing up the fact that Yethro was himself childless by natural means.

"MMMmm you almost sound as if you are looking forward to this. Perhaps we better get you into the saddle as soon as possible! What do you think of having the President perform the ceremony when he comes this week? You know he can do it and it would be legal. I'm sure he will be only too happy to do it for the two of you," Yethro chided him. 

Jesse laughed and said. "We will just have to wait on that! I really don't think the President would perform a marriage where the bride is underage, even though both our families were to give their consent. The newspapers would have a field day with that. Besides, don't you think we should get the Imam to do it. He has been working so hard on my education. I think it would be an insult to him if I were to allow anyone else to officiate, even if it were the President of the United States. Besides, can a Moslem be married by a Christian?"

"Then you have decided to convert?" Yethro, grabbing Jesse and hugging him asked.

"Convert - there is no such thing as conversion - the Imam teaches that each of us is born Moslem. At birth we may not know this. We wander around looking for the right path to the truth. It just takes a while longer for some of us to realize the truth." Jesse smiled.

Yethro again grabbed Jesse and held him close and kissed him. "My son, you are truly my son. I know that now and nothing will ever change it. Even if you never convert, you are more of a Moslem than most of these Islamic clowns we have spouting out crap. I must think of some way to reward the Imam for the way he has made you see the way."

"If there is anyone to thank it is you, Abba. You are really that, my father, just as if you had really sired me." Jesse said in Arabic.

Yethro was shocked and smiled as he said, "Your Arabic is really improving. I will have to watch what I am saying," he replied automatically in Arabic.

Switching to English, "Not really," Jesse lied. "I have been practicing that sentence for weeks now and waiting for an opportunity to use it. How is my accent?"

"A bit too Syrian, but that's most understandable as the Imam is Syrian and so is Rashid and his family. I should have expected that. It will not take long for you to shift to the right accent."

"I doubt if I will ever get it. I have no ability to understand when someone speaks to me ¬even if they speak slowly. I may understand one in ten words and by the time my brain translates that, the conversation has changed." Jesse lied. (Arabic was his second, if not his first language, having been brought up in Saudi Arabia by Arab servants of his mother and father.)

"You still have trouble understanding because you have not been forced to hear and speak it. What you need is to be dumped among people who do not know English. Then you will learn. Anyway you know enough to read Koran and that is all you will need. While I don't approve of it, there are many who read the Koran and pray in Arabic everyday and still cannot understand a word of what they are reading or praying. After the Governors' conference, I think it might be a good idea if I were to send you on a tour of the Middle East as an ambassador of good will from our state. Perhaps you could work out some new trade relations."

"I would love to go, but I don't think it would be a good idea right now. Perhaps after Ronnie and I are married we will go for a honeymoon trip or perhaps go on a pilgrimage of the holy places." Jesse answered.

"That would be wonderful! I am going to have a son that has made a hajj," he yawned. "Now let's get some sleep as we have a busy day ahead of us."

The rest of the week was busy as final arrangements were made for the conference and the President's visit.

The opening day went off with a minimum of problems. There were mix-ups over accommodations and seating, but nothing really troubling and most were quickly resolved. Jesse's staff handled most of the problems. The opening dinner found Yethro and Jesse in the receiving line welcoming the guests. Standing along side of him was Ronia, dressed in a new outfit that Jesse had made for her by one of the foremost couturiers in the country. Since Rashid and his mother were not on the receiving line, but were already seated, she was ill at ease. Jesse held her hand and she did a good job covering up her fear with surprising ease - until she almost lost it when the President and his wife arrived. 

Jesse saw her almost swoon and quickly put one arm around her waist and this helped her to regain her composure. "Mr. President and Madam, may I present, Ms. Ronia Suleshah, my fiancée, to you."

"A pleasure to meet you Ms. Suleshah," he said as he extended his hand and shook hers. "Jesse you did not mention that you were engaged when we met in Washington. Congratulations, you are to be envied. She is most charming."

"Thank you, Mr. President. . I did not mention it since it only happened a few days ago and to tell the truth our families, and now you, are among the first to know. This is our first time in public as a couple and she is not used to all this lime light yet!"

"How wonderful for the both of you. You make a very charming couple and your families must be very happy. My wife and I look forward to the day when our girls will find their husbands and we wish you a happy life together."

"Thank you, sir, " Jesse said.

The rest of the evening went off without a hitch and so did the conference.

After the dinner was over Jesse accompanied Ronia home in a limo. Rashid had to take his mother home earlier because the excitement and seeing her grandchild sitting next to the First Lady and talking to her was too much. After dinner she had asked Rashid to drive her home leaving Jesse to arrange to take Ronia home. It was just the two of them in the back of the car. "Oh!" she cried when they were alone at last. "What a night! You! The Governor! The President and his wife-all those important people! I don't know if I've ever been so scared in my life. It was wonderful and exciting. I never have seen such a fancy affair. I hope I did not embarrass you too much. Poor Grandma, I hope she is O.K."

"I'm sure she is! Otherwise Rashid would have paged me. I did phone him and he said she is fine and resting in bed. As for you, you were magnificent! You were perfect and you better get used to all this as this is only the beginning. I think the First Lady was a bit taken aback by your beauty. But then that's her problem. My only problem with you was that I could not keep my hands off of you!" Jesse said as he pulled her to him and kissed her lips and held her tight in his grasp. At first she resisted a bit but then she opened her mouth and accepted his tongue and then she felt his fingers on the back of her head, pulling her face in for an even deeper kiss. Then, releasing her a bit, he whispered in her ear, "I've been wanting to do that all evening. You taste as good as you look Ronnie." His hands were all over her as she squirmed around in his grasp. 

"Stop Jesse, you'll ruin my dress."

"I would love to rip it off that hot body of yours and run my mouth all over you. Relax and don't fight - I'll be gentle and I won't hurt you. You do belong to me legally now. Are you not my wife according to Sharia law?"

She kissed him harder and then she said, "You are right, but not in the back seat of some limo. What will the driver think?"

"The driver is paid to drive the car, not spy on the people in the back seat," he said as he pushed her down on the seat and forced his fingers between her legs ripping aside her panties and forced his finger up her "twat", where he felt the thin hymen and stopped. "By Allah, you are a virgin a real honest to goodness real virgin!" Then he released her and sat back and said, "Please forgive me. I just could not control myself. I just could not believe that you are a virgin and had to prove it to myself. I did not want my father to find out the day after our wedding that he had been cheated." 

She sat back and strengthened herself out. "Of cause I am. If you were not sure, you could have asked that I be examined by a doctor."

Blushing and ashamed Jesse replied, "I'm sorry Ronnie, you're right, I was wrong. I apologize and if you will forgive me, I promise never to touch you again until we are married."

"I accept your apology... I hope you're not going to think badly of me - but Jesse I sort of liked it," she blushed and giggled. "Does that make me a bad girl?"

"No, my dear," he said as he again kissed her lips. "But from now on I will just have to behave better. Perhaps Rashid is right and we should always have a chaperone when we go out."

"No, Rashid was wrong and I would not like that. Tonight I learned something about you and I like what it was. You really care for me and my honor and that of my family. I could have let you take me right here in the car. In fact I even wanted you to. Like you said, we are really married and I would not have been dishonored. You would have been exercising your rights as my owner, but you chose to be my husband and not my master. I know our men think all women are their slaves and treat them as such. When Rashid told me that you were interested in me, I almost fainted with delight. Not that I knew you or ever saw you, but the fact that I was going to marry an American and not be sold to some older Arab man to be his property was something that I always dreamed about. I won't lie to you! It's true, I was happy to see that you were young, rich and handsome, but even more happy to feel that you were not looking for a sex slave."

"I wouldn't mind you being my sex slave, but I know we will be happier if we treat each other as equals from now on," he said, again kissing her deeply as the limo came to a halt in front of her house. "We are home. There is a mirror in the glove compartment, you look fine to me, but we better check ourselves out before we go in."

"I wish we could stay out here and just talk so that I can learn more about you, but Rashid would be furious if the neighbors were to report that we did not come right in. He would kill you for dishonoring me, to say nothing about what he would do to me! Come in for a while - just to say good night."

"Yes, I will. I hope Rashid is up as I think it's about time that I had a little talk with Rashid and your grandmother. They both must be told the truth that you are a young lady, engaged to me and you no longer need their protection. I am your protector and will look after you now. He won't bother you again and if he does, just let me know and I will take care of him."

They entered the house and Rashid was waiting for them. He was seething with rage. "Well it's about time my whore niece came home. Go to your room, I will take care of you later!" he shouted as he grabbed her hand and started to pull her away from Jesse.

Jesse walked up to him and slapped him in the face so hard that he released Ronnie and drew back. "No one, not even you, calls my fiancé a whore. And just so we are crystal clear on this, if you ever so much as touch or speak to her again like that, I will make sure you will wish you had never been born," he balled up his fist and shook it under his nose. "Do I make myself clear? Do I make myself perfectly clear?" He shouted.

Pulling back Rashid turned white with fear. "I was only protecting my family's honor," he stammered.

"You can forget about this family honor crap! There is no longer any need for you to do that. Neither she nor her honor is yours to protect anymore. You sold her to me and while we have not consummated the marriage, her honor is mine to protect - not yours! And I intend to fully protect her. She is pure now and will remain that way until we, her and I, decide to consummate the marriage. It is our decision to make. Not yours or anyone else's. Is that understood?"

"Yes it is!" he said sheepishly.

"Good! Now that that's settled, Ronnie come here, please," Jesse requested and when she did, he took her in his arms and kissed her deeply right in front of her red faced uncle. "I hope, aside from this foolishness, that you had a good time tonight and I just wanted you to know that my father, the President, his wife and a great many people came over to me and complimented me on my wonderful good fortune in having such a charming woman and that they hoped to see more of you. In fact the President and his wife invited the two of us to visit them in the near future. Now go to sleep and remember that it is I and not Rashid that you answer to from now on. Is that understood?" 

"Yes," she said.

"Good," he said and kissed her once again. Now off to bed with you." Then turning to Rashid he said, "Please, come outside, I have something else to say to you."

When they were outside and a little away from the house, Jesse put his arm around Rashid and hugged him. "Please forgive me for smacking you, I hope I did not hurt you too much, but I just want you to know that nothing has changed between you and me. However, I will not permit you to harm that girl in anyway. If you do and I find out about it, I will kill you with my own two hands. I will rip off both your balls and feed the bloody mess to you. My father has paid you a lot of money for her. Don't let me have to tell him to have you punished. You will not like it!"

"Jesse, I'm sorry I got you so angry. I was just protecting your and your father's interests and investment. From now on I will keep my mouth shut and my hands to myself."

"Good. And to show you that nothing has changed between us, will you come with me to the cabin this coming weekend?"

"Of course I will. I guess I just got a bit jealous seeing the two of you holding hands and thinking that I was going to lose you."

Jesse grabbed him around and kissed his cheek and whispered in his ear, "Behave yourself and you will never lose me as long as you keep your hands off Ronnie. You are to treat her with the respect due my wife and as you know, I do not like people who hurt those I like. Don't be jealous, as there is nothing that can replace my feelings for you. I want Ronnie to be happy so that she can provide me with children. You know that if I am to fulfill our dreams, I will need a family."

"Again, let me say that it will never happen again. I pledge on the Koran that I will change my ways and apologize to her. You must remember that for an Arab this is a very big cultural change," Rashid said. "I'll see you in class Friday and afterwards we can go to the cabin and spend the weekend together."

"Good see you then. Be sure to give your mother my best. I have to get back to the mansion now. Good night. We will talk before the weekend," Jesse said and got into the limo and drove back to the Governor's mansion and entered Yethro's bedroom. He undressed and as he got into the bed he felt him stir beside him.

"Did you get Rania home alright?" Yethro whispered.

"Yes. I had a bit of a to-do with Rashid and had to put him in his place," Jesse moaned sleepily. 

"What was his problem? I should think he would have been happy the way things worked out."

"He was pissed off that he had to take his mother home and leave Ronnie and I un-chaperoned. He called her a whore and I had to slap his face. Anyway I got him settled down and he agreed to give us some slack."

"I know it is hard for non-Moslems to understand our dating restrictions, but you were right to exert your authority in this case because I know the two of you will be getting more invitations from now on. Some of those invitations will not include one for a chaperone. Both you and Rania were the hit of the evening. I was really proud of the both of you. You've done a wonderful job ¬¬- everyone said so. There is even talk of running you for the Senate and then maybe the Governorship after my term is over or I decide to retire. Someone even said they would like to see you as the party chairman."

"What only the party chairmanship? I was hoping for the Presidency at least! Yethro, I'm too tired to think of anything like that now. I'm even too worn-out to have sex. I need my sleep." Jesse moaned.

"You're getting to be like an old man. You need a vacation. A weekend at the lake should refresh you. I would love to go with you, but Dan has some new problems he wants to talk to me about. What you need is a restful weekend filled with fun. Why not take Phyllis to the cabin and..."

"Are you crazy? Have you lost your mind? That is the most ridiculous idea you have ever came up with. That's just what we need now. I can see the headlines now- 'Newly engaged Governor's son spends weekend with another woman!'. That's all we both need. However, going up to the lake is a good idea and I could use some company. I think I will go to the cabin this weekend, but I will take Rashid. It should calm him down a bit. I'll call him in the morning and try to smooth things out with him. What do you think?"

"Good idea. If it is one thing we do not need ¬- it is trouble with the in-laws," he sighed and rolled over on his side and said, "Now go to sleep and get some rest we still have a few sessions of the conference to attend."

In the morning, Jesse called Ronia and she told him that Rashid had talked to both her and her mother and apologized for his behavior. He said that while he hoped that she would remember and honor her Moslem upbringing; it was no longer his duty to protect her honor. Her future husband had assured him that as of now he would take the responsibility.

"I feel like a free woman. Jesse, for the first time in my life, I feel free!"

"You are a free woman. You always have been and always will be free. Don't let anyone tell you anything different. I want you as my wife not because Yethro bought and paid for you. That was just for custom's sake. I care a lot for you, too, Ronnie. No matter what happens-remember that!"

The Conference ended on Thursday and by evening most if not all of the people had left for their home states. Everyone said it was the most productive week they ever had. Letters of thanks and congratulations came from everyone including members of both political parties. And the President had sent a special invitation to Jesse and Ronia to visit the White house after they were married. Both The Judge and Jesse had made a lot of new friends and political connections that could come in handy when and if Jesse were to decide to run for higher office. 
