 This story is dedicated to all the real Super Heroes of our time - The Service men and women of our Armed Forces and First Responders. 

This story is a work of pure fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental, and no harm or slanderous intent is implied or intentional. 

I hope you enjoy my work, and if you have any comments or ideas that may inspire new work, please feel free to contact me - all E-mails will be answered to the best of my ability. 

THIS SITE PROVIDES THE READER WITH MANY GREAT STORIES. Please send a donation to the site you are reading this on. Money is needed to keep this site "Up and Running".

*****

End of Chapter #37

The Caliph lifted a phone and called Dawud. "Hello, Yes, yes! Everything is ok now. Jesse is resting but you can tell that Bedouin bastard that I will now approve his adoption of Jesse and will issue the official papers as soon as I get back home." He hung up his phone, put it down and took Jesse in his arms and kissed him deeply.

Chapter #38

"It's getting late and time that you got back to Yethro. I wish we had more time, but he will begin to wonder what happened to you. Tell him that I approve of you and his plans for your political future. However, I would love to take you under my wing as my second in command," Haroun said.

"And what about Dawud? I thought he was your second in command."

"He is my slave, but he thinks more with his emotions then his head. People like him, while useful in some ways, are expendable and therefore tend to live short lives." The Caliph grinned. "You on the other hand are not a slave in any sense of the word. You have a brain and know how to use it. I can feel the potential for leadership in you. If you accept my offer, you could have anything in the word you want. I would even send for Ronia and you could marry her right now and the two of you could live with me under my protection. As for your political future, when we destroy the United States and create a Western Caliphate, I will set you up as its supreme leader and the both of you can live, as they say, 'happily ever after'."

"I thank you for your approval, but, Eminence, even you must be able to see that that is pure fantasy! Perhaps it would be fitting as one of the stories in 'A Thousand and One Nights'. However, we live in the real world and I am sorry to inform you that neither you nor anyone else is ever going to establish an American Caliphate by force. Do not delude yourself that you can overturn the American government by force and go on living happily ever after. It just can't be done."

"How so?" asked Haroun. "I would think that this would be the perfect time to bring down the Government what with the elections coming and all the uncertainty of the times. I think it would be easy to infiltrate the process and take over." 

"How many times do Yethro and I have to explain it?" Jesse wailed, his hands waving over his head. "Force will never work! The only thing it will do is to unite the opposition." 

"That is a load of Camel dung. Force has always worked. We have always done it that way. Perhaps I'm not seeing everything. You will have to enlighten me again. But, you will have to make it quick as Yethro is awaiting you."

"Okay, look, even if you were to somehow defeat the uniformed military there will still be the millions and millions of armed civilians who will not give up their guns without a fight. No, the only way is through the ballot box and the American people will not vote for a man that has connections with any hardcore Islamist. Nor do I think they will vote for a man that has taken an underage bride to his bed. As much as we like to say we are modern, the truth is we are not. In this day and age they will most likely put him in jail, if not hang him. However, they will vote for the son of a popular Governor like Yethro, but they will not vote for that son if he were to suddenly move into the Caliphate and start taking directions from them."

"Yes I can see that. But, Jesse, it will not matter. Have your studies with the Imam not taught you that it's Allah's plan to not only defeat the West, but to destroy the last vestiges of this American democracy. So you see my dear friend - there will be no need for you to worry about such silly things as being elected President or elections for that matter. When we enter Washington, I will just install you as Caliph and that will put an end to this western democratic election crap and that constitution. It will all be replaced by Sharia Law."

"The only way you will enter Washington is if I, as the elected President, were to invite you. Otherwise you would have hundreds of millions of armed people behind every tree looking to kill you. Why start a revolution that you cannot possibly win? And why start it if you do not have to?"

Haroun laughed, "Revolt or not, the blood will run and there will be so many dead people covering the streets that it will be difficult to..."

"And most of the dead will be your people. And as long as one man or woman is alive it will never end."

"I really doubt that. You Americans will become our slaves like everyone else. But, perhaps you are right. I remember how we all thought Yethro was an idiot. We never expected Yethro to become a respected judge, let alone Governor of a very important state by legal means-yet there he is. Not only that but he is respected to the point of being almost an idol or super star. It is hard to argue with success. Not only has he done that but, to top it off, he has provided us with thousands of bloodthirsty killers looking for ravage and plunder from that rotten Christian world that sent them to jail. Each and every one of them is just waiting for a chance to even the score. You had the pleasure of meeting Dawud, one of my slaves. I know that neither Yethro nor you recognized him. He was in one of those State Prisons sentenced to be executed for multiple bloody murders. He was one of your most celebrated serial killers with at least twelve killings if not more. He now belongs to me and is a willing Jihadist. And there are at least a thousand more of them just waiting to dip their hands into the blood of the infidels to say nothing of what they would do to their women. You were perhaps too young to remember the Soviet occupation of Berlin and what happened to the German women when the Russians let their soldiers loose after victory."

"Just another point to prove my argument. Yes, the Soviets did win the war and there was a lot of blood in the streets as well as the bedrooms. But the Russians were never able to maintain their control over the people. Yes, it took many years, but in the end the Soviets ran with their tails between their legs and their whole system came crashing down on their heads. Just one more thing I want you to consider... You were just bragging about the vicious nature of Dawud and his fellow prisoners. Well think about trying to control 300 million of them!" Jesse again cautioned him. "You will never be able to do it. Americans might be able to accept the Caliphate if they were to vote it into office, but you will never force it on them."

"Perhaps you are right! Who knows, it might be nice to take over without all that bloodshed. For now, we will play it your way. What have we to loose? - just time. The end will be the same! Our men will not be cheated out of the victory or revenge they crave. I would not remain the Caliph if I were to withhold their just rewards from them. You will either be with us or against us. I need not tell you that we will not show any mercy to those who do not accepting our rule. Men. Women, and children will become our slaves. However, I will go along with you and give you the time you need to come to the conclusion that I am right and you are wrong. For now, I want you to try to prove me wrong! I want you to find out for yourself that my way is the only way. I will let Rashid, your father, and you have some time to prove me wrong. I look forward to both your conversion and your political future. If there is anything you need that I can provide for you, do not hesitate to ask me. I will establish a direct secure line for you to call me. For now, Rashid will be our point of contact. I will order him to give you access to me anytime you ask for it. I will miss you and will look forward to seeing you again soon. We will meet again." He took him in his arms again and kissed him goodbye. 

Jesse joined Yethro in their small boat, and the two of them waved goodbye to the Caliph as his ship pulled away. Standing at the railing waiting for the small boat to be out of earshot, Dawud said to the Caliph, "You seem to be taken with him, Master."

"Yes I am Dawud. He may fit into our plans very nicely."

"Just remember that when I agreed to become your second in command, you promised I could have first pick of reparations and I think that this Jesse would fit the bill."

"Well you can have Yethro and his cousin Dan but Jesse is mine. Only after I am through with him will I consider letting you lay a hand on him. Is that understood?"

"Yes, Master."

"What the hell happened between the two of you?" Yethro asked. "It took so long that I fell asleep waiting for you."

"You didn't fall asleep - the bastard drugged you and he tried to drug me also. His Eminence wanted to know all about me and really gave me the third degree. I wound up telling him the truth. I told him how I was sold into Sultan's bordello and how you rescued me. I went into the amnesia part and how thankful I was to you that you rescued me and as a result I started to explore Islam and am now taking classes with the Imam. He wanted to know about Ronia and when we were going to be married. I think that at first he did not believe any of it. But after he grilled me for hours, he slowly changed his mind and he even invited me to come and stay with him and take instructions from his own cleric. He wanted to personally see to my education because he needed someone he could trust to be his second in command and that if I accepted, he himself would love to be the one who performs the conversion and then he himself would give Ronnie to me in marriage. He said he envied you having a son who he could train and mould."

"Well, I hope you declined those 'Honors'."

"Abba, (Father) it was hard not to accept, but I think I made it clear that while I was grateful for the honor, accepting them would more or less kill off the possibility of running for the Presidency of the United States."

"How did he take that?"

"Not very well, but there is little if anything he can do about it. In any event I think that before we parted he had a better understanding of the situation. At least I hope so!"

"I think you did very well. After all the fact that he is going to approve of your adoption and your marriage to Ronnie, that is all that matters. Besides, we did get out of there with our lives. Who knows -by the time you run for President, someone might knock him off and by that time it will be too late for him to change his mind." Yethro laughed. "Now lets get the hell out of here and go home. We have a lot to do."

A few days later Jess got a call from Rashid. "I received a message and a package for you from a friend of ours. How come you didn't fill me in on your meeting?" Rashid asked.

"Well, I figured that if the Caliph wanted you to know, he would have told you himself. Besides, I have been busy and I thought I would get a chance to bring you up to date after class on Friday. Some stuff is best told face to face and not over the phone. We can exchange information Friday, face to face. All you need to know for now is that the meeting went very well."

"Can't you at least give me a clue as to what you two talked about?"

"Well for one thing, he wanted to know about Ronia and when we were going to marry. He wanted to perform my conversion and marriage. I explained to him all the reasons why I could not convert at this time and while he understood the reasons for that, he did offer me other alternatives."

"What were they?"

"Look, I'll talk to you on Friday. All you need to know is that he approved everything you and Yethro have been doing. Perhaps we can go up to the lake for privacy."

"Yes, that would be nice. I will see if I can clear my weekend. I will bring the package with me," Rashid said, and hung-up.

Friday came and Rashid came into class a little late carrying a small package and an envelope that he handed to Jesse. "Here, this came for you," he said as he almost threw both at Jesse.

"What the hell are you so upset about?"

"Nothing, we will talk about it later."

After class, while sitting in Jesse's car, Rashid exploded. "I had a long talk with your friend and you must have made one hell of an impression on him. I'll bet you even let him fuck you. You've become a slut, a rotten slut. Tell me, are you going to sleep with the entire Caliphate?"

"Who I choose to sleep with is none of your business! But no, I'm not going to sleep with any of them. The bastard drugged me and there was nothing I could do about it. He also drugged Yethro. If you think I would sleep with him on my own...get the hell out of my car! I don't want to see you ever again. You can even keep the Bride Price, but Ronnie goes with me. I bought her and I intend to keep her. I will not let you hurt her," he said as he pulled up to the curb, reached over and opened the passenger side door, unhooked Rashid's seat belt and tried to push him out of the door.

"Hold on! I just want to know if anything has changed between us. You were really drugged?"

"Yes I was! But it makes no difference. If you really think I would do that of my own free will - I don't want you around me any more. Yes, I was everything you said I was, but that was way back when I worked for Sultan, but I gave that up and now I want you to get out."

"No, I'm sorry but I can't do that. Just the thought of you and him had me so enraged, I was going to kill you," he said as he closed the door and re-strapped himself back in.

"Rashid, I'm still pissed off at you and I think it would be better if we did not go up to the lake. I'm not feeling like we should go there now. I'm too upset. Perhaps another time. I'll drive you home. I want to see Ronnie and take her out to a movie or something."

"As long as things are good between us. It is good that you want to take her out. She is lonesome for you. She needs you to pay attention to her."

"You are right, I had better start acting more like her boy friend or she, too, will start asking questions," Jesse laughed.

"Believe me she would never do anything like that. She is too well trained to question men! Besides, she really loves you!""

They drove to Rashid's home and Jesse went in with Rashid and greeted Ronnie and Rashid's mother. He took Ronnie in his arms and kissed her in front of her family. "How would you like to go for dinner and a movie with me?"

"I would love to. Let me wash up and change," she said and then looked at Rashid's mother sort of asking if it was okay.

"Yes, as far as we are concerned, it is okay! He is your husband and the two of you can go and come as you wish. Just do not stay out too late without calling me as I still worry about you."

When she returned, he placed his arm around her waist and led her to the door, "I will try to see that she is back home at a reasonable hour, but don't wait up for us. After all, it has been a few days since we have been together and there is a lot to catch up on."

Jesse directed her into the car and then got in and started up the car and then just sat there thinking for a few seconds...

"What's wrong?" Ronnie asked.

"Nothing is wrong, I just had an inspiration. Would you mind if we stopped at the Governor's residence for a while? I think Yethro might like 'a night out' also. That is unless you would mind having him come along with us?"

She sat there thinking about it for a few seconds then smiled and said, "You know, it might be fun to have my future father-in-law out on a date with us. There are not many girls that can boast to having the Governor of the State come along on their date. Yes, let's ask him." 

She leaned back against the seat and they took off for the residence. When they got there, the guards recognized Jess's car and waved him in. He pulled up to the main entrance and he and Ronnie got out of the car and entered the building and went right to Yethro's office and Jesse knocked on the door.

"Enter," called Yethro and the two of then entered the office and found him in the middle of a meeting. "Well, what have we here," smiled Yethro as he got up from his desk and introduced the new comers to the people there.

"I'm sorry to disturb your meeting, Abba. Ronnie and I can wait until you are finished," he said and started to leave.

"We were just finishing up anyway. Gentlemen, I think we are finished and if there are any questions, please put them in writing and I will get back to you."

After they left, Yethro came over and kissed Ronnie on the cheek and then looked at Jesse and said, "She looks radiant. Don't tell me you have gotten her in trouble already?"

"No, no - at least not yet," he smiled. "Ronnie and I are going out to dinner and a movie and we would like you to come with us. You have been working so hard we thought you might like a few hours of relaxation."

"How sweet of you to ask. I was just thinking about taking some time off. Yes I would love to go with you, but I have a better idea. You haven't taken her up to our cabin yet, have you?"

"Abba! How could you even ask me that?"

"Well, I think it is about time that we took her up there and showed her the place. I would love to make the two of you a dinner and we could have it on the back veranda and watch the sun go down... I think that is much better than having to assemble security and eating in some overpriced dive and then sitting in some dark smelly movie house." 

Jesse turned to Ronnie and asked her if she would like that. She was about to agree when Yethro said that he would be honored if she would accept as he had a surprise for both of them and this would be a sort of celebration.

"Of course, I would love to go there. Rashid has often talked about the place and I have been wanting to see it."

"Good, just let me clear my calendar and notify Dan to stand by here in case anything comes up. I'll have to notify the Police Chief we are coming. It won't take long and then I will be right with you. This is really very nice of the two of you. I can't tell you how happy it makes me that you would want to take an old man..."

"Now stop that cow manure," Ronnie laughed. "My family and I are going to vote for you in the next election so you don't have to butter me up!"

"Jesse, I think it is getting too cool to swim. You were not thinking of taking a dip-were you?"

"This was your idea! Swimming is out for now. However, maybe we can light a fire in the fireplace, and she and I can lie on that bearskin rug and smooch around while you cook dinner. Jesse said as he placed his arm around Ronnie's shoulder and pulled her to him and kissed her. "Let's hurry up or I'll take her right here on the Governor's desk."

"You'll do no such thing. If you want to mess up an office, use yours. It is right next door," Yethro laughed.

"Governor, may I use your powder room?" Ronnie asked. 

"It's right through that door." Yethro pointed

After she left, Jesse asked, "As long as I'm here I might as well check my office, can I leave Ronnie with you for a few minutes? I want to check my mail. It won't take too long."

"Sure you can. I have to make a few calls and arrangements. I'm going to notify Mike that we will be at the cabin so that he won't raid the place. After that, the three of us can be on our way."
