 This story is dedicated to all the real Super Heroes of our time - The Service men and women of our Armed Forces and First Responders. 

This story is a work of pure fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental, and no harm or slanderous intent is implied or intentional. 

I hope you enjoy my work, and if you have any comments or ideas that may inspire new work, please feel free to contact me - all E-mails will be answered to the best of my ability. 

THIS SITE PROVIDES THE READER WITH MANY GREAT STORIES. Please send a donation to the site you are reading this on. Money is needed to keep this site "Up and Running."

*****

End of Chapter 39

"Well, he doesn't scare Yethro. He can't wait to tangle with him. He told me that if he has anything to do with the next Governors' conference, he'd not issue an invitation to him. Our office has already been called by most, if not all of the States executives apologizing for his remarks about Moslems and they told Yethro that if he continues to act like he has been acting - they will walk out if he shows up there next year."

"Between you and I, I thing the man is certifiable and it scares me, but I have never met or talked with him directly so this will be my first time also."

"How am I supposed to act?" Jess asked.

"Just act yourself. The worse he can do is fire you."

Chapter 40

"No Phil. I can't do it. I'm not going to meet him," Jesse said. "And I don't want to meet him or have anything to do with him. He can't fire me - I don't work for him. That bastard works for me."

"Yes, while that's true in a legal sort of way, what are you going to do? Fire him?" Phil laughed. "Look we are both supposed to be professionals here. We have to find some way to work this out! What's so different about this man? I knew you really did not like Obama, but you found common ground to do the job and I know he was glad to have you working with him. Every time I met with him, and there were many such meetings, he never failed to ask about your progress and if I thought Ronnie and you were safe. Come on now. You can't mean it, at least meet with this man once."

"Yes! I do mean it, Phil. I WILL NOT MEET WITH HIM! The man is certifiable. How do I know that not ten minutes after we meet, that man will post a 'tweet' telling the world all about our meeting. Whatever 'cover' I might have had would be blown to the wind. Ronnie and I would be 'sitting ducks' for every would be Jihadist nutcake out there to take a pop-shot at. Not only that -but think what it would do to Yethro. You know his second term election is coming up and God knows what the public will do when they find out his son has not only met with Caliph Haroun, an avowed enemy of the United States, but that killer of innocent people has offered him the second slot in his organization."

"Didn't you tell me that you already have told Yethro that you were asked by the former President to work with the FBI and that not only Yethro, but the Caliph himself have not only knowledge of it - but approve of it."

"Yes I did, but this is different for several reasons. For one, I don't know what this President is going to do with this information once he is informed of my penetration into the Caliphate and two, I really can not see myself working with a man that is so anti-Islam that he openly hates all Moslems and God knows who else. I just don't like him! And to make matters worse, believe it or not, I voted for him."

"And why the hell would you do something like that?"

"The man is the head of both Yethro's and my party and I could not see another four years of 'Obama like' leadership in the White House." Jesse almost cried as he got up and walked to the door. "If I had known more about him, I would not have voted for him! Philip, I'm out of here. It was nice, but as long as that man is the President, I can't work for him. He is just too much of a fruit cake for me."

"Hold on Jesse. I work for the man while you work for the country, not the President. You've been at this job for about five years now and you just want to throw it all away just like that? I can't believe you would do that. However, if that's the way you want it- I'll tell you what we can do. I will keep your identity from him even if he fires me. Come to think of it, he doesn't know every agent's name and he really doesn't need to know. And, if he wants to keep me on I will tell him that there are just some agents that he doesn't need to know about."

"That's baloney. Cut the crap, Phil! We both know that if he demands the information ¬¬- you will give it to him! I know if I were in your shoes that's what I might do. You're not going to refuse the President any information he wants. That could be treason!"

"Please let me see if I can come up with something. There has to be a way of doing this!" Phil pleaded

"I really don't see how you can do it, but if and 

when you do, let me know. Who knows - the man is only in office for a few weeks ¬- he might even grow into the job. Call me when you think he might begin to act like a President, instead of some little spoiled child playing with this new toy called America. This country, Ronnie's and my lives, are not toys to me!"

"Jesse, I could not agree with you more and I'm not going to let all our work go down the drain. As soon as I think it is safe, I'll get back to you. In the meantime you keep your nose to the grindstone and let me know if there is anything new."

"Okay, Phil. Keep in touch and good luck to you."

~~~~~~~

A week later Jesse was sitting in his office when Yethro called to him over the intercom. "Jesse, come into my office, please. There is someone I want you to meet." 

When he entered Yethro's office he found the Governor standing with another man looking over a bunch of drawings that were spread out over the top of his desk. "Take a look at these, Jesse. I had this architect draw up a few ideas on that house for you and Ronnie up at the lake. Tell me what you think."

"For God's sake Yethro, I think it is a bit too soon for that. We won't even be married for about two years. Besides I would like her to be in on the planning. After all, it was sort of her idea from the beginning."

"Oh, My son. Do you have a lot to learn! How many times have I told you that in a Moslem marriage it is the husband who decides everything? The woman's wishes have nothing to do with it. Besides, I wanted to surprise her. I think she might have thought I was kidding when I offered you the land and a house. Anyway, there is nothing wrong with you and me doing a little groundwork on this project first - is there? Now come over here and at least look at what he has come up with. This is Mr. Lamb and I have had him look over the property and asked him to come up with a few ideas. I think you will like some of his work. If the three of us can agree on the general outline, we can then bring in Ronnie and ask for her input. I am giving you the land and house as a wedding gift, but it is still going to be on my property and I would like it to blend into the area and not stick out like a sore thumb. After all we are going to be neighbors. I would not like an eyesore that I could not tolerate to see or visit. One of the details I asked him to incorporate was that your house was to be hidden from the road."

"Why do you think we would want that?"

"Well, to tell the truth, I was always kind of sorry that I had my cabin placed right off the main road. When I did have it built I was just an ordinary lawyer and not the public figure I am today. After a while I never liked the fact that the whole world could see my house from the main gate and they could take pictures and there was nothing I could do about it except have the police chief post a guard to keep "Peeping Toms" away. However when you choose to run for office it will be for more than Governor and your security would be much easier if the access were under control. Besides you don't want curious eyes probing into your home, do you? In any event, come take a look, I think he has done a beautiful job of secluding your new home."

"Well, I don't think it will hurt to at least look at his drawings. Let's see what he came up with. Ronnie said she would like it to be log-cabin style like the Governor's, but, only with a few more rooms. I think she might be thinking of children."

"That was your father's first instruction to me and I took that into consideration. What I have given you here is a two story rustic log cabin with the bedrooms on the top floor overlooking a large living room-kitchen area, with a fireplace in the living room and a large picture window looking out on the lake. In the rear there is a zigzag driveway leading down from the fence to a parking area. With all the trees, it will be impossible to see either the house or the parking lot from the road. The front lawn goes down to the lake where we will put in a dock for your boat or from which you might like to dive in for a swim. The house will be electric with a back-up generator."

"Wow! Mr. Lamb that's some building. I love it! If it were up to me - I would say start today on it. However, I'm not sure how Ronnie will feel about it. It does fit the basic outline of what the two of us had in mind. Only it is so big," then to Yethro he asked, "are you sure you want to have this 'Palace' in your backyard? I'm sure Ronnie will love it but she may want to change a few things." 

"It really is not that palatial. It is still a log cabin even if it does have two stories. Most original log cabins had sleeping arrangements in the attic. The only thing I did was to add another floor in place of the attic."

"Mr. Lamb, I'm glad you reminded me of the two stories. There is a problem there. Her grandmother might be coming to visit us and climbing all those stairs to the bedrooms might be too much for her."

"That's really no problem. I'm sure we can install a hidden elevator or we can put in a chair lift or something like that. She could use it to get to the top floor and back down again and when she is not there you could fold it away. Or we could add a bedroom on the first floor for her."

"With her grandchildren sleeping on another floor? I think not,' Jesse smiled. "The idea of a chair lift is a good one. I think we could live with that."

Why don't you take these drawings and show them to her. Then both of you can make any changes you may want. After all, these were based on what the Governor thought you wanted and since you are the couple that will be living there-you will have all the input you want," and then Mr. Lamb stage whispered to Jesse, "I think I should inform you that the Governor has told me not to spare any expense as long as you two are happy there."

"Yethro, you are being much too generous!" Jesse smiled. "I will show the plans to Ronnie and we will discuss the changes we might want to make. When we are sure of all the details, but before we start anything, I would like a model built so she can really feel it as well as see it."

"Very good. You take these drawings and the two of you look them over and write down the changes you would like to make. After we agree on what the final plans are, I will have a model made and then we will go on from there. Since you will not need the house for at least two years, there will be plenty of time. However, do not take too long since a project of this type does need time to be completed. After all it is not like we have a house there and just have to remodel it. The longer you wait the more it will cost as building materials do tend to rise in price," he said as he packed up his stuff and shook hands with the two of them and left.

"You're crazy Yethro. This could cost you a fortune," Jesse said after Lamb left.

"Not as crazy as you think! Having you and Ronnie living so close to me will afford me time to play with my grandchildren and you and I can still find time to have our moments together ..."

Jesse approached him and took him into his arms, "You don't have to go bankrupt to keep my love for you. Nothing, including my marriage to Ronnie, will ever change that. We are family. Ronnie will only add to our family."

"By the way, speaking of 'Family', yesterday, your friend Haroun, the Great Caliph, sent me a message. He requested, more like demanded, that you meet with him again and soon. Only this time he insists that I do not come. It seems as if you must have really impressed him and this time he would like to spend a lot more time with you in the Middle East. He wants personally to show you his 'Empire'. When I protested because of the danger, he said neither you nor I should worry as he would take care of all the arrangements and guarantee your safety. He promised that as his guest you would be free to see and enjoy the prospect of living in his 'Jihadist State'. He specifically mentioned that he wanted you to see his personal harem. He said that he had a few items that just might entice you to give up this foolish dream of the peaceful establishment of an Islamic United States of America and join him in his war to defeat them militarily. If nothing else, it could give you all sorts of ideas on how to run your own country when you do take over. He also invited Ronnie to accompany you, but would rather you did not bring her at this time, as he doesn't want you to be distracted. Once you decide to stay, then he would bring her and it would be his engagement gift to you!"

"God! The man is an idiot! He must really know that if I did that it would end our hopes of an Islamic States of America," Jessie wailed. "You don't want me to do that, do you? He's either crazy or he must have something else in mind. All the American public has to find out is that your son has met with him and you can forget about both a second term and my political future. Both would wind up in the garbage can of history. I can think of nothing worse except for the fact that I may have to meet with the President in the White House..."

"You never told me of any meeting with him. When is this going to happen?" Yethro asked.

"Never, I hope," Jesse, answered. "Phil Green asked me to meet with him last week.

"And what did you tell him?"

I told him I will not, as the man is an idiot."

"Jesse! Stop that! No man who makes it to the Presidency of the United States is an idiot! It can't hurt to establish a relationship with him. You know that old Arabic saying, if you want to live a long and healthy life, 'Keep your friends close and your enemies even closer.' I think you should meet with him. You have nothing to fear."

"You really think I should meet him? It would not hurt your re-election efforts if it got out?"

"Hurt my chances--Jesse, the man is the head of our party as well as the President of our country ¬- it would be an insult not to meet him. You cannot refuse to meet with him and neither can you openly criticize him. If you do that, you are going to offend the majority of our base support. That could not only affect my election, but might even cause you to lose the party support you will need in the future to run for office. Besides, you might be able to pick up some intelligence for us. Just be careful,"

"Okay then, but what about this Haroun thing? Do you want me to meet with him also?"

"Now that is another matter entirely. That is a total no/no! Even travel to that area of the world is dangerous. I'm sorry that I took you with me the last time. You stay out of that area of the world. It's too much of a risk. I don't want you involved with him. Sooner or later this new President is going to have to arrange some kind of a raid or something in order to capture or kill this new Caliph. None of those so-called leaders are immune from that, no matter what they may think or how big they think they are. Look! Even that idiot Obama was able to get Bin Laden, and sooner or later they will get Haroun also! And when they get him, it would be good if you were not with him nor do I want them finding evidence that you were connected with him. No! It's better if you never see him again."

"But you told me he called you and asked to see me again. He even sent me a gift after our first meeting, which was nothing but a clear invitation for another longer meeting. He is not going to be satisfied with anything less. If I were to refuse, he would only come after me and maybe kill you, if you got in the way."

"Don't worry about Caliph Haroun, or even about me. I'll take care of him. However, it might be a good idea if you were to meet the President and tell him that Haroun wants to meet with you. That way it would be on the record. As far as my personal safety, I will take care of that."

"And how would you do that?" Jessie asked.

"Why the old fashioned 'Mediterranean way'. First I will request nicely that he leave you alone. If that doesn't work, I'll bribe him with an offer that he can't refuse!"

"Now you are sounding like the Mafia."

"Well they say that Sicily was all Arab at one time," Yethro laughed. Where do you think they learned it from? I'll just send him a special gift with the proviso that he forgets about you."

"Again I ask what would that be?" Jessie asked.

"Well, this time instead of the prisons, perhaps I could scour our reformatories. I'm sure it would not be too difficult to find a very young good looking blond boy with blue eyes and a good body that would be only too happy to serve out his time in the company of a man of Haroun's wealth and sexual preferences. He might even wish to make it a life sentence," Yethro laughed, "I'm sure that such an arrangement would take Haroun's mind off of you. If that doesn't, nothing will. However, if he still wants you - he is going to have to risk coming to the USA and getting taken on American soil," Yethro continued to laugh. "And even the Great Caliph is not that stupid!"

Angrily, Jessie asked, "And you think he would forget about me if you sent him..."

"Why not? After all he is a Bedouin and you know how crazy we are about that sort of thing. Now don't get all upset. Lets face facts! You know you are not getting any younger! Besides I'm not ready to let you go. No, not just yet," he said as he got up and took Jesse into his arms and kissed him. "By the way, how is our sofa in your office? I'll bet it hasn't been used in a while and could use a bit of a workout! What do you say to your going into your office and getting into those net underpants the Caliph sent you? I think I would like you to give me a personal fashion show."

"You son of a bitch! How did you know about them??? You sneak! You opened my safe! You broke into my safe! Is there nothing sacred of mine that I can keep out of your thieving hands?"

"Grow up, Jesse! I'm Bedouin! What do you expect? It comes to us through our mother's milk! It's our way of life! It's the way we were brought up. And it's what we do for a living. You didn't think you could keep what had happened between you and the Caliph a secret from me, did you? I'm not an old fool that you could hide these things from. I know what he did to you and how he did it. As a fellow lover of men, I really can't blame him. I might have done the same if the conditions were reversed. Now, get that sweet ass of yours into your office. Cancel your appointments, lock your door to the public, strip, put on those sexy underpants that that horny bastard sent you and lay that sexy body of yours on our sofa. Just in case you might think that I'm getting too old, I'll show you what an old Bedouin like me is still capable of doing." Yethro laughed.

Jesse could not help but smile as he went back to his office and picked up the phone and notified his secretary that under no circumstance was he to be disturbed for the rest of the day. He then walked over to the safe and removed the mesh under pants and went into the bathroom, removed his clothes and changed into them. He then went over to the sofa and lay down to await Yethro.
