 This story is dedicated to all the real Super Heroes of our time - The Service men and women of our Armed Forces and First Responders. 

This story is a work of pure fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental, and no harm or slanderous intent is implied or intentional. 

I hope you enjoy my work, and if you have any comments or ideas that may inspire new work, please feel free to contact me - all E-mails will be answered to the best of my ability.

THIS SITE PROVIDES THE READER WITH MANY GREAT STORIES. Please send a donation to the site you are reading this on. Money is needed to keep this site "Up and Running."

*****

End of chapter 40

"Jess, my love, I hope this will serve as a reminder that you belong to me and only to me! I will kill him with my bare hands if he lays his hands on you again..."

Chapter 41

"You know it will be difficult for you to get close enough to get your hands on him again." 

"Now, Jesse, don't give it another thought! I will take care of Haroum. First thing in the morning I will contact the bastard and tell him to lay off you and then I will offer him that gift I told you about. I'm sure that ought to satisfy that horny bastard, at least for a while," Yethro said and then got up and started to return to his office.

"I hope so!" Jesse shouted after him as he got up and dressed. "In the meantime, I'll see Ronnie about the house. She is going to be thrilled with the plans. She never really expected all this. All she wanted was a small log cabin. She can't remember a time when she lived in a real home of her own. Her mother and father were killed when she was too young to remember anything. Rashid and his mother are all she can remember. Heck, I'm even excited. Except for the homes we lived in, I've never had a place that I could really call mine and mine alone. I know her Grandmother will be happy and I'll even bet that Rashid likes the plans. He will be happy to finally be free of having to take care of the two women. All he has ever known was working to provide food and shelter for the three of them. Now, he may even take the time to think about getting a wife. I'll bet he even finds a woman of his own now."

"Yes, you would think that with all the money that I paid that bandit for that niece of his, he would have thought about buying himself a bride." Yethro laughed. "He would have no problem finding one - he is rich, good-looking and young! He should have no trouble finding a stunning blond or even two. Oh, to be young again."

"Young again? Hey after what you just did to me - I don't want to hear you complain about being old," Jessie laughed. "I just hope that when I reach your age I can find the energy ... Now get out of here and let me get back to work. We both have things to do - I have to go over these plans and get them ready to show to Ronnie and you have to see about that 'Haroum' matter. You better get on that right away. I really don't think he is going to take 'no' for an answer. He doesn't seem to be the type. "

"Yes I'll get in touch with him first thing in the morning and I'll take care of him. Rest easy on that! By the way, I do owe you an apology!"

"Yes you do! My ass still hurts!"

"Not for that, you dunce - for breaking into your safe..."

~~~~~~~~

"That pig! That son of a desert whore! Who the fucking hell does that old bastard think he is fooling around with? Trying to bribe me with some young boy! Like we did not have thousands of young men here. I could have any boy I want. You can go to any slave market in the world and you can pick up fifty. They are cheap even in the better markets. I'm a Caliph, THE Caliph. I'm not some common fellahin. When I get my hands on him, I'll cut off his balls and stuff them in his mouth!"

"Easy, my lord, remember that you are THE Caliph, and much better than he is. Why not accept his offer? It will make him think that he has won and he will not be on his guard. You could always use another young sex slave and it will be free and will cost you nothing. If you don't like him, you could always sell him off later. Yethro is not even worthy of your anger. As for Jesse, what does he have that you cannot find at any good slave market? Why let Yethro bother you? You are above him both in title and station. Accept this offer!"

"Accept this offer?" Haroum fumed as he paced back and forth in his office.. "I should cut off your head for even suggesting that. That's not an offer - it's an insult," he shouted as he reached into his waistband and pulled out a gold handled dagger".  

"I meant no insult only to point out that there are other ways of getting things done. Remember, my lord, that like you, the Governor and his son are both very powerful and influential people. They have lots of connections. Jesse, from what we know, was even friendly and had the ear of the last President. I'm not sure if this is true of this new President that they have elected. He appears to be an unstable idiot who is just looking for any excuse to unleash his arsenal on us. Why give him that excuse? This is just the sort of excuse that idiot would use. Look, I still have some friends and connections left in the States and I bet I can arrange to have this Jesse willingly come to you. In fact, I'm sure that I can make it so that he will crawl to you on his hands and knees begging you for whatever it is that you want from him. Why soil your hands with this matter when it can be done and made to look as if you are innocent. Let me handle this and as a little side gift I can even arrange to have you gifted with his father's balls." Dawud said. 

"Yethro's balls! Sounds wonderful but, no, we still need that Camel Jockey at least for the time being. If you kill his father or hurt him in any way, Jesse will never cooperate with us. But you do interest me. Just how could you get Jesse to come here?" the Caliph asked, replacing the dagger, lacing his hands together, and smiling. "Remember I want him to come to me here, in the Caliphate, of his own free will. No harm is to come to him. Not one scratch! It would also be nice if he would present himself to me in that mesh underwear I sent to him as a gift," he sneered.

"I'll try but I don't know if I can arrange the underwear, other than that he will come to us of his own free will! The basic idea is to 'convince' Rashid's niece to join us and hold her, then inform Jesse that if he wants to see his woman again he must present himself to us." Dawud smiled

"How are you going to do that? I don't want her killed or even hurt. Jesse loves her and wants to marry her and to do this she must remain both unharmed and a virgin."

"A virgin? In this day and age? In the United States? You have got to be kidding! I don't believe it. I don't think there is a virgin under 16 left in the United States. How old is this bitch anyway?" 

"Here look at her photograph. The girl is 17. A real beauty and, as far as we know, she is sexually pure. Look at that long black hair and those dark eyes. What a belly dancer she would make! Ordinarily, I'd think that Rashid would have tasted the virtues of his niece, but since they live with his mother... That would have made it difficult. So you can bet that Rashid, with his mother watching, must have been unable to touch her. So they raised her and kept her 'pure'. In addition to this you can also be sure that before spending all that money for her, Yethro insisted on that and must have had her certified as a virgin. That old fox does not seam to be the kind of man that would pay out all that money for 'used goods'. Jesse even told me that although they are already married by Sharia Law, he has refused to exercise his husbandly rights until she reaches 18 when they can marry legally."

"What a fool he is! He could have married her in most states at 16 if he has her guardian's permission. I'm sure Rashid and the old lady would have agreed to it. Why would he even want to wait?"

"I know it sounds ridiculous, but when I asked him this, he said it has to do with some prudish American notion about his running for office with a child bride and that it could be a hindrance. I tried to assure him that if he joined us and worked with us he would not have to worry about that. He could not only have her but four other wives, as well as all the male and female concubines he wanted. When we take over we would do away with such foolish crap and that constitution of theirs. But he said it did not matter. One wife would be enough and Ronnie was worth waiting for.."

"That's idiocy, a man must take as many women as he can afford to spread his seed as far as the ends of the earth. This foolish notion that a virgin is any better than a non-virgin is just that, a foolish custom. I myself have never seen a virgin that was more desirable than a non-virgin. A cunt is a cunt. But, in any event if you allow me to handle this, I can assure you that none of my men or myself will take her Kus (cunt)," he said taking the photo in his hand and drooling over it. "On the other hand - we may have to play a bit on the rough side if Jesse refuses to see the light, in which case all bets are off."

"I would prefer that neither of them is to be harmed," the Caliph ordered. "At least until Jesse has made his decision to join us or not. I want it to be his decision."

"I will try to obey your orders. However, you must realize that some force against her may have to be applied. Otherwise it is no deal. I guarantee if you let me do it my way, Jesse will kneel before you and pledge to be your loyal subject. Not only will he do that but also, knowing you, I'm sure you can induce him to forget all about the girl. From what I saw in that video of the two of you together, it should be easy and enjoyable for you to convince him!" he sneered.

"Yes, that is a fantastic video. I never tire of looking at it. No matter how many times I see it, I still get hot! You would think I would have become accustomed to the finer points of sex but when I look at it... Look, I'll tell you what, Dawud, you may be right. I may have been rather crude and stupid in this affair. I'll make a deal with you. If you can get him to join us, I will convince him to forget about that girl. I know once he is free of Yethro and that American life and here with me, I can convince him to forget about her or any woman. You know I can and if he does that, she is yours to do with as you want. However, that must be his decision and his alone to make. He must join us willingly. Is that clear?"

"Thank you my lord Caliph. I agree to your terms. You are most generous and considerate. There are a lot of arrangements to be made but I will get on it right away."

"Just to satisfy my curiosity, do you really have a plan to do this?"

"I have one, roughly, but it still needs fine tuning. I think the best way to get her out of the States will be to have our agents pick her up and bring her to El Paso, Texas. There I will meet her and bring her across the boarder into Ciudad Juarez, Mexico."

"Sounds good but why Mexico? Would it not be quicker to bring her across the border into Canada?" 

"Yes, but Mexico is better and safer because we have many agents and sympathizers not only there, but all over South America. If need be, we can bribe the Mexican officials to turn their backs to this sort of thing more easily than if we took her through Canada. The Americans are not as interested in what or who crosses into Mexico as much as they are in what comes into the States. With the cartel and human trafficking going on all the time, this sort of thing is not unusual. Juarez, the Mexican city across the border, is a completely lawless town and the Mexican officials are easy to bribe and look the other way at such things. I will be waiting in Texas and I will then take her by small plane into the hills of Chihuahua and then to a larger plane to fly her to Venezuela. There too, the government is known to turn its back and we have many contacts, some of who can arrange for the air passage to Libya. In Libya it is a short hop to the Sinai where she can be held until Jesse joins you. After that, it is your job to get Jesse to agree to your terms."

"Why the Sinai? Why not bring her here to me in Syria direct?"

"This would be the first place they would think to look for her, besides the Americans have lots of connections among the rebel anti Assad forces here and you don't want them to rescue her before you have Jesse. Besides, if Jesse decides that she is not worth the effort," he smiled and said, "I have something else in mind for her."

"Why is it that somehow I thought you would? Well tell me, what is that?" the Caliph laughed. 

"Why - you are going to issue me papers that state I am a freeman and am no longer your slave. Also, as payment for my services I will want $500,000 and I will take her for my concubine. As such, she will be mine and we will be free to stay in Egypt or anywhere in the Islamic world. Perhaps we might even move to Pakistan or Indonesia where we will be safe."

"Safe? Safe from whom? Just remember, if I wanted you, I can get to you in any place," jested the Caliph.

"Not from you! After I complete this job, you will grant me my freedom, give me that money and papers so that I can get away from here for good. It is not you that I need to be safe from. I'm sure you want Jesse to yourself. This woman would only get in your way," he smiled pointing to her picture and said, "You will leave the two of us alone. This beauty is worth a fortune. If you try to screw me out of the money, I might even sell her to one of the Sinai sheiks. I hear they like young tender flesh. No, it's not you that I fear - I need to be safe from the Americans when they come after me."

"Don't worry about that. I don't think they will come after you. You are not that big a fish and while they may make some noise about Jesse after a while, I think that they will even calm down and accept the fact that the two of them may have run off together and gotten married. They then arranged this huge fabrication and fled to us because we recognize and honor their marriage. The Americans would never let him live down the fact that he had robbed the cradle. Why waste all that money searching for two runaway lovers. I like your plan. It has all the makings of being successful and leaves me in the clear. What are you going to need?"

"Okay, I will start to make all the arrangements. I will need you to supply a plane and some money. Is that a problem?"

"No problem. But are you really sure that you want to leave me. Now that I see how resourceful you are, I would hate to lose a man of your abilities. As for your freedom, if you pull this off and Jesse joins us, I will be glad to free you. However, I could always use you as a freeman and a soldier for Islam. Perhaps even promote you to a Governorship of one of my smaller Caliphates."

"I thank you for the offer of my freedom. I will be glad to remain under your leadership until we take over the United States at which time I will become the American Caliph and not Jesse. I will then have the glory of dealing with that rotten son of a bitch, Yethro. But for now, I have to get busy and make the arrangements."

"You go ahead and execute your plans. You may use whatever resources I have. As far as you being the American Caliph - I have no problem with that as long as that Caliphate is allied and under my Caliphate. Jesse on the other hand might object. However, I intend to make sure that Jesse will not wish to return to America after he sees what I can give him here. All this could be his, if he wants it and I will do my best to make sure he does. For now, just let me know how it is going and what help you will require. Just remember that I want Jesse unharmed. As far as she is concerned, like you said, once I have Jesse here I'm sure I can get him to forget about her. In fact, I know I can make him forget about women and the two of us will rule the Caliphate together."

Several days later Ronnie and Rashid were shopping at a downtown mall department store. Jesse had a birthday coming up and she was looking to buy him a gift. She had decided to buy him a new wallet and, not knowing too much about men's accessories, she had dragged Rashid along with her. He had reluctantly agreed to accompany her, because he himself needed a few shirts of his own. They stopped at the menswear counter where he picked out about four shirts and, holding one, against his chest, he asked Ronnie how she thought it would look on him.

"The color is nice. It goes with your eyes but what do I know about men's shirts? I would rather see you in a Jalabiya. I love when Jesse wears the ones that Yethro had made for him. Especially that white one with the fancy embroidery. If I had my way they would be the only things he would ever wear. They are made so roomy. It makes him look so romantic and when the wind blows and all that material is forced back against his body... you can see his entire form and it makes me want to get under it with him..."

"You floozy, you disreputable little tramp! You're acting like a little tramp! The two of you had better get married soon or I will have to have you fitted with a chastity belt," he laughed. 

"Don't you dare!" she scoffed at him. "I'm sorry, but it is how I feel and there is nothing I can do about it. I spoke with Grandma and she says it's normal to feel this way. She keeps saying we are foolish to wait. The whole idea is stupid. She keeps telling me that in the old country a girl is married by age 12 and it is her husband's job to teach her about sex. She did say that since she had this additional time she would use it to teach me all about what I have to do on my wedding night. At times, I become so aroused that I have to stop her and take a cold shower. I, too, wish we were already sleeping together as man and wife. I want him to hold me in his arms and (and in Arabic she whispered to him) I want his manhood in me. I can't help but feel that way. I am having all these really arousing thoughts and dreams. There is nothing I can do about it. They come on me at the weirdest times and I sometimes have to change my... I know that Moslem women are just to accept the match that is made for them but from the moment that you brought him home that Sunday and you introduced him to me, I fell in love with him. I really love him and just in case I never told you, Rashid, I'm glad you found him for me and will always love you for it. And for the way both you and Grandma protected me all these years."

"Well I'm glad you're glad, but now tell me how do you think this shirt will look? Do you think that if I wore it, some woman might want to rip it off my back and make love to me?" he said, trying not to sound uncomfortable.

"How can I say that? To me you are the handsomest of men, Jesse excepted. I'm sure there are women who would love... Rashid, you are like a brother to me and I love you in a different way and I always will. As far as what other women think, I'm sure that there are other women out there that will want you."

"And you know that I love you too. Now to get back to these shirts... I think they are the right size, but sometimes the cut is too small. These are not American made and I may need a larger size. Besides, you know how they shrink in the laundry."

"I know, I have the same problem when I shop with Grandma. She always says to buy them a size bigger to grow into. Why not take them into the dressing room, try them on and see for yourself. If you like them why not buy them all? You could always use more shirts and you can afford it. That way you can also check on the size. In the meantime, while you are doing that, I'll walk over to the leather goods showcase over there and look at the wallets for Jesse. I'll wait for you before I choose one."
