 Saturday morning saw me at Dundee railway station, walking my bicycle towards the large group of cyclists which had gathered beside the Tay road bridge. 

This was the weekend charity cycle from Dundee to Pitlochry and back, to raise funds for testicular cancer research. There were dozens of cyclist gathered, waiting for the cycle to start. This was going to be a hundred and eight mile cycle, returning back to the start on the Sunday.

I had been training for this as it was quite a feat, particularly at my age. Now, the day had arrived, the sky was blue, quite warm and very pleasant to cycle in.

Once everyone had arrived, photographs were taken and energy drinks consumed. And then we were off, the shrill of the starting whistle rang in our ears as we all started cycling.

It was nice to see people lining the streets of Dundee as we cycled, cheering us on. The cycle from Dundee to Perth was so pleasant. They call this cycle route The Salmon Run because it mostly follows the river Tay, a famous river for salmon fishing. I was sitting up in my saddle, admiring the view as we cycled by. It was so easy, the road was quiet and flat, that it was most enjoyable. But then, the terrain changed. 

As soon as we got to Perth, the flat road changed to a very long and steep hill, which was exhausting. In fact, from Perth to the final stage in Pitlochry, it was pretty much uphill all the way. The speed of the convoy of cyclists soon slowed right down as people struggled with the hills. To compound things, a strong north westerly wind started up, and we were heading right into it. Then the rain added to the misery.

We arrived in Pitlochry, pretty much drenched and exhausted. I had really stiff and painful legs, right up to my ass. I was looking forward to something to eat, and a long hot bath, try and recover for the return cycle to Dundee, which would thankfully, be downhill.

I followed the crowd, struggling up the steps of the hotel we were staying in and waiting in turn to check in. A receptionist was calling out the names of the people that were sharing a room. I heard my name called out followed by a guy called Graham and we walked up to collect our key cards and headed to the room.

The first surprise we got was the large double bed in the room. I was expecting a twin room. Surely they don't expect us to share a bed? I left Graham as I hurried downstairs to see the receptionist. I had to wait until she had finished sorting out the rest of us. I explained the problem to her and she sympathised but said they were fully booked now and other than trying elsewhere, there was nothing else she could suggest.

All I could think about was that I didn't have pyjamas with me, trying to keep the weight down. I was wearing lycra padded cycling shorts and you wear them next to the skin. In other words, I had no underwear with me. I had fully expected to sleep naked. All I had was a change of lycra clothing, I didn't bring anything else. I'll need to go elsewhere, I thought, but my legs were agony and I didn't fancy walking far. I can't sleep naked in the same bed as another guy I hadn't even met before.

I let myself in the room, just as Graham walked completely naked from the bathroom. I couldn't help but see him, quickly turning my head to look out the window. In that fraction of a second, it was like a photograph in my mind. I was stunned. I knew cyclists shaved their legs but he was completely shaved, every part of him. 

I was no stranger to naked men but I had never seen anyone completely shaven before. I couldn't get the picture out of my mind. I explained to Graham, who was drying himself off as I spoke, that there were no more rooms available. Short of going elsewhere, we were stuck with this. I came right out with it and revealed my predicament. I wasn't keen to share a bed, particularly as I would be naked. Graham revealed a problem of his own, he too didn't have any underwear or anything. God, I thought, what would people say about two middle aged guys, naked and sharing the same bed?

I was sore, I just wanted to have a bath. Reluctantly, we agreed there was no realistic alternative and we would just have to make the best of it.

I went into the bathroom, closed the door and stripped off while the bath was running. I lay back, luxuriating in the hot water. As I relaxed, memories from years and years ago flooded back. When I was twenty two I dated a gay guy. All part of growing up but I thought back to it and how erotic the relationship was. I had only ever been with the one guy, we split and later I met the woman who was to be my wife, and that was over thirty years ago. I didn't consider myself gay, bisexual I guess. 

It brought me back to the present, later tonight, I'm going to be sleeping, naked, next to another naked guy. How could I explain that to my wife? No way was I going to tell her. Twenty minutes later and not feeling much better, I pulled my stiff legs over the bath and dried myself. Unlike Graham, I walked out of the bathroom wearing a large towel round my waist.

Graham was lying out on the bed, wearing his lycra cycling clothes. We were going out for dinner later and most, if not all of us, were just wearing our cycling clothes. Nobody was carrying unnecessary weight like pyjamas or jeans. I sat down on the bed, groaning with the pain in my legs. I chatted to Graham, who seemed a really nice guy. His brother had testicular cancer and that was why he was cycling for charity. Graham was about my age and we got along quite nicely. 

He asked me if I would like him to massage my legs. He knew what it was like, coming off the saddle after a long ride. I was speechless, that was not really appropriate. God, what a cheek asking that. What if he's gay? 'Roll over,' he suggested.

Reluctantly, I lay on my front, stretching my legs out. I was shocked, as he pulled my towel up to my waist. He sat astride my lower legs and started to rub me. A few moments later, I could feel the benefit. He actually knew what he was doing. He pummeled my legs, kneading the sore muscles. He pushed down using his weight. I flinched as I felt his hands move to my buttocks. My legs were slightly apart and he kneaded my buttocks. As he pushed down on my ass with his weight I could feel my cock against the mattress. God, the more he pushed down on me the more of an erection I was getting. More than once, his hands accidentally touched my balls and my asshole as he worked. It must be an accident, the last thing I thought was he couldn't be making a pass, surely. 

He eventually stopped and got up. I lay there, thanking him. I was really appreciative that he did that, my legs were tingling and I wasn't in any pain. I felt great, in fact. However, I couldn't get up with an erection, so I lay there, relaxing until I softened.

A large crowd of us piled into a McDonald's for something to eat. We took over most of the restaurant and it was a colourful sight with so many men wearing lycra. I sat across from Graham, chatting to him about bicycles mostly. Four others joined us at the table, as we all enjoyed our meal. 

Next stop was the pub and again, we all piled in. It took ages to get served but we enjoyed ourselves while we waited. There were several really witty guys there, entertaining us. Graham spoke about his life, his work as an architect and his interest in cycling. As he was about my age, we did have a lot in common to talk about. 

A couple of pints later and it was time to head back to the hotel. We weren't drunk, just merry. It was a long cycle tomorrow and nobody wanted to do it with a hangover. We got back to our room and I switched the light off as we undressed. This was really strange, I thought as I got under the cover. I was in bed with a naked guy.

I was tired so it didn't take me long to fall asleep. I didn't know what time it was or how long I had been sleeping for but I was woken up with the bed moving. It took me a few minutes to realise what was going on, he was wanking. I was in bed with a naked guy wanking beside me. I pretended to sleep, not sure if he detected my breathing had changed. As he wanked, I felt myself getting harder and harder. I lay on my side, feeling the rhythm he was wanking to. God, I was getting turned on. Was he sleeping? Was I imagining it, maybe I was just dreaming. How could he do that next to a virtual stranger? 

It didn't take long for me to wonder, what could happen next if he realised I was awake? I felt a shiver of excitement run through me. I thought of Robert, the guy I dated. The sex between us was fantastic. Lying next to Graham, I was reminded of the sex. Should I make a move, do something to let him know I was awake? What if he got offended? God, what should I do? I wished he would hurry up and finish, then we could both go to sleep and I could forget the thoughts running through my mind. He seemed to wank for ages. In the darkness of the room, I had no concept of time. I relaxed and listened to his breathing, feeling the shake of the bed as he continued to wank.

I decided, I was going to turn round, towards him. Make it appear that I was just turning in my sleep. As I turned over, he suddenly stopped wanking. He was silent, holding his breath. I was disappointed. My cock was so stiff by now, harder than I could remember in a long time. It wasn't long before I heard him wanking again. I could see his silhouette in the dim light that the streetlight outside was casting over the room. God, he had pulled the covers off him as he was wanking. I was lying on my side watching this guy wank in front of me. A thrill ran through my body. I moved my leg, resting it against his leg. He stopped wanking and lay perfectly still. 

Would he respond, now I had made a move? Time stood still as I waited. I felt his leg move, resting his foot against mine. Was that his response? Did I have a green light? I turned slightly, moving my leg away. A moment later, I felt his leg against mine. I turned again, lying on my back. His leg moved and rested against mine. I felt him wanking again. God, I was so excited. What would happen if I started wanking? Could he be asleep? This could turn out to be very embarrassing. Was I certain he was making a pass?

I was so excited, I was feeling quite bold. I turned from my back onto my side, pushing my cock against his leg and then I remained completely still. I had a thrill of excitement at how wild it felt to do that. He stopped wanking and I could feel his leg push slightly against my cock. A few moments later, he continued to wank. I pushed a little more against his leg. He stopped wanking again. He's not interested, I thought. I couldn't have made my intentions better known. My hard cock was against his leg. He must be awake if he's wanking, he must know my cock is hard. What should I do next.

Suddenly, he turned to face me and I felt his cock against mine. My God, he's certainly made his position clear. I couldn't slow down my breathing, I was so turned on. His cock was right up against mine, I could feel him pulsating and he must feel me as well. 

I moaned when I felt his hand as he gripped both our cocks. He squeezed them, wanking us both very gently. I still pretended to be sleeping. This was so horny. I felt his other hand fondle my balls. Still, I pretended to sleep. He moved down the bed, very slowly. I gasped as he took my cock head into his mouth. He knew I was awake. God, here I was in bed, naked with a stranger, and my cock in his mouth. 

I moaned as he sucked my cock. He knew what he was doing. Convinced now that he was awake, I knew where this was leading. I moved over the bed to take him in my mouth. He moaned as I licked his head, teasing it with my lips. God, his cock was lovely. He was smaller than mine, with a large head and long thin shaft. He was completely shaven. He tasted so nice, I breathed in the scent of his cock. Slowly, I fondled his balls, squeezing and releasing his cock, feeling the head pulsate against my tongue. Although it was thirty years since I had been with Robert, I hadn't forgotten how to suck a cock. I smiled as I teased his cock, this felt so erotic. I built up a rhythm, wanking him as I sucked him. He was doing the same to me. Long slow strokes as he moved his head up and down. 

I hadn't forgotten the signs that meant he was very close to coming. Like an expert, I was all over his cock. I pulled his buttocks closer to me, taking all his cock in my mouth. He was moaning as I worked on his cock. His moans got louder and I felt his cock stiffen in my hand. I gently squeezed his balls, feeling them move between my fingers. I knew he was almost there. I prepared myself, wanking him faster and then, God, I felt his cock stiffen even more and he exploded in my mouth. He was moaning and thrusting in my mouth as he spurted time and time again. I counted them, eight times he spasmed as he filled my mouth with his spunk. God, how I used to love the taste of it. I gripped him as he stopped spurting, squeezing every drop into my mouth. I enjoyed the taste of it and then I swallowed. God, it was so nice. Over thirty years since I had been with a guy. Thirty years since I had tasted spunk.

He knew what he was doing. I felt his fingers probing my ass. He gripped my cock, slowly wanking it, teased my balls and took me in his mouth. I was so close. He sensed it and wanked me faster. There was no stopping this now. I shuddered at the power of my orgasm. My toes curled and I shook with the intensity. Time and time again, I spurted my hot cum into his mouth. It was so wild, I hadn't come like that in years. I lay there, with his cock still in my mouth as he licked the last drops of my cum. I was breathing heavily as I tried to relax. God, I felt good. I moved back up the bed and Graham nestled into me as I wrapped an arm around him. My cock, soft now, was tight against his ass. It felt so strange to feel his smooth body against mine, really quite sexy.

In the morning, we were a bit shy to start with. I broke the ice with a joke. I had no regrets, it was a lovely experience and I let Graham know I enjoyed it. 

He asked me if I would like my legs massaged. Of course I said yes. He made such a difference yesterday. He pulled out massage oil from his kit bag. I guess someone who shaves all their body hair would want to massage it too. 

I took the bottle from him and he lay out on the bed. We were both still naked. I poured some of the oil over his back, firmly massaging it in. I had never felt a guy with no hair before. He felt so sexy with oiled skin. My hands teased his ass and I could feel him squirming on the bed. He was stiff again. God, I had made a guy stiff again. I hadn't lost my touch. My erection rubbed against his body as I massaged him. My balls stroked his ass. He was moaning with excitement.

Once I had finished teasing him, he pulled me onto the bed and started massaging me. He poured the oil all over me and worked his magic. God, I could feel his hard cock on my ass as he rubbed my shoulders. He poured more oil over my ass, I felt it dribbling between my legs. His fingers kept touching my asshole, just a whisper of a touch but enough to make me weak at the knees. I felt a finger enter me. God, I wanted fucked. I sat up on my knees and thrust my ass towards him. I felt his cock against my asshole. He pushed so slowly, it was taking me time to relax. I was glad he didn't have a thick cock. I moaned as I felt his shaven balls against me as he slowly pushed further and further into me. Oh, it was sore but a nice sore. I tried to relax more, still he pushed into me. Until, finally, I had taken all his cock. It felt so damn sexy. 'Fuck me,' I whispered, 'fuck me.'

Gently, he pulled out until just the tip was in me. He poured more oil over his cock and slid in again. It was easier that time. All the way back, just to the tip and then fully inside me in one long thrust. I was moaning with pleasure. I was fully relaxed now and enjoyed him fucking me. God, I was loving this. I squeezed my ass muscles, gripping his cock. His balls were slapping against me as he fucked me. Faster and faster, I was shaking as he pounded me. He let out a long moan, getting louder as I felt his cock stiffen. Oh......mmm.....I moaned as he rode me, feeling him explode inside me. God, I could feel the hot spunk inside me, he thrust deep inside as he spasmed. I took it all.

He lay down on his front while I rubbed the oil over his ass, rubbing it over my cock. Graham knew what he was doing and relaxed immediately I pushed my cock against his asshole. I slid inside him in one long gentle thrust. My cock was buried inside him. I felt him squeeze his ass, gripping my cock. I was so excited that I felt myself coming within minutes. God, thirty years since I had felt a cock inside me and mine inside another guy. It was thrilling. I slowed down my thrusts and relaxed as I felt my orgasm building up in me. Slowly, I thrust, slower and slower, feeling every sensation intensify. God, I was so turned on. 'Give me it,' Graham moaned. I felt my moment coming and just exploded. Jet after jet of spunk shot out of my cock. Graham moaned as I pumped more and more spunk into him. I collapsed onto the bed, spent. I pulled Graham towards me and kissed him. We lay together, recovering. It would soon be time to go.

The journey home was much nicer than the journey to Pitlochry. The route was now downhill all the way to Perth and flat to Dundee. Great. My ass was tingling with the action that had just happened. I had a great big smile on my face as we set off, with Graham's telephone number in my pocket. I would definitely be going riding with him again.....