 This is part three of The Cycle Run, I hope you enjoy it.

*****************

Our first night on remand was just awful. We hardly slept at all. We couldn't even be bothered to blow each other. All night long there was banging, shouting and blood curdling shrieks. It was frightening. They were shouting abuse at us.

'Cock suckers, you are going to get it, suck me off cock sucker, just wait, you are going to get it, I've got a big one for you,' and much, much more. How could these people know why we were in the jail? The screws must have told someone and it went viral. Everyone believes we're dirty cock suckers. I cried, again. It can't get worse than this.

It was a long, scary night and I was glad that it was finally morning. I was exhausted. We queued for our breakfast, keeping our heads down, not wanting to make eye contact with anybody. Again, they jeered. God, we need to go on rule 43, segregation, I thought. This can only end bad.

After breakfast we approached one of the prison officers, and asked to go on rule 43. To my horror, he said he would pass it on to the Governor. I thought we would be taken straight there, I didn't think we would have to wait. I didn't want to be seen as a grass so I just said that we felt unsafe and can we go into segregation, please? I noticed prisoners looking at us talking to the screw, God, they looked vicious. We quickly wrapped it up and the screw said our request would be passed on. We went swiftly back to our cells.

'Let's stay here until we hear back about rule 43,' I suggested. It's too scary to leave the cell. We lay down on our beds. At that moment, two huge, mean-looking men came in, closing the cell door behind them. They gave us a really menacing stare, not saying anything. God, they were scary. What did they want?

I soon found out. They walked up to us and unzipped their cocks. Standing there, saying nothing to us. My God, they want us to blow them. I looked at Graham. We needed to stand up for ourselves, right now or we'll never get them off our back. I've never hit anyone in my life and I doubt Graham had either. What chance do we have with these two? Could I jump up and press the bell for assistance? 

They both stood right in front of us. Like a team maneuver, they pulled us off our backs and shoved us back on to the bed, standing even closer. Their soft cocks just inches from our faces. Suck them off or get your head kicked in, yes, we got the message. Where does it end if we suck them off? How long until more of them come in? I prayed for the screws to come in. All of a sudden, I got slapped on the face. It stung and my eyes watered. I felt a little dizzy. They never slapped Graham because as soon as he saw me getting hit, he had his hands on his man's cock. 

Resigned to my fate, I reached for his cock. It was soft. How quickly can I get him hard and blowing his load? I squeezed his cock, slowly pulling the foreskin back to expose his head. He was getting harder in my hand. I stroked his balls. He put his hands on either side of my face. I licked his cock, hoping he would finish quickly. He had a big cock, a lovely cock in fact. He really filled my mouth as I took him. I wanked him quickly, my mouth working hard. I heard Graham, his guy was moaning as he came. Graham choked. I hoped he was alright. 

My guy was almost there. He thrust his big cock further into my mouth, the first spurt made me gag but I managed to swallow it. A lot more spunk followed and I took it all. He shook, rocking on his feet with his orgasm as he released all his spunk in me. He zipped himself up and the two of them walked out without saying a word or looking back at us. I dived for the toilet, spitting out the last remnants of his spunk. I rinsed my mouth out with water. Fuck, that was terrible. Graham was also washing his mouth out gagging into the toilet.

'That must be the worst experience I have ever had. They were going to kick our heads in unless we sucked them off,' I was feeling traumatized. 

How long does it take them to agree to rule 43? Our lives are in danger here. I got up and shut our cell door, sitting back down and looking at Graham. Three nights now, three nights and four days in custody. God, another six nights before we are back at court. And, what is our sentence going to be? I would die if we get sent to prison. I just couldn't handle it. I doubt Graham could either. All because of a fucking blow job. If we had only waited until we got to the hotel in Falkirk, we could have had a great sexy night and then back home on the Sunday. How stupid, how utterly stupid we were. We deserve this for being so stupid. If only Graham had kept his fucking eyes open.

We waited and waited, wondering when we would hear. I paced the cell, muttering. No way was I going outside to speak to the screws. I rang the bell on the wall. A short while later, two screws walked in and asked what the problem was. 'It's our request for rule 43, can we go now, please sir?' 

'When we know, you'll know,' he said and the two of them left. Our ringing the bell also brought some unwelcome attention. Prisoners were gathering outside our door, talking among themselves. 'I hope they don't think we grassed, because we didn't,' I said to Graham. I was getting really anxious at the noises outside our cell.

Quietly, our door swung open and three guys walked in. They stood there demanding a blow job from us. I looked at Graham, he looked worried. No way, I'll ring the bell and hang the consequences. I stood up and leaped to the switch but I was too slow. They grouped around me, shoved me onto the bed and hurled loads of insults and threats. Oh well, we knew it was coming, it serves us right for our stupidity.

Resigned to my fate, I sat up on my bed and nodded. The three of them pulled out their cocks and wanked while I sucked them each in turn. Graham was sitting watching, relieved it wasn't him getting it. I heard the men moaning. Thank God, this will soon be over. My tongue was licking like crazy as I took each cock in turn. If it weren't for the fear and horror of this, I might have enjoyed it, I thought to myself. Three big cocks to play with. But it wasn't enjoyable, not one bit. I was worrying about getting an infection. God, when we get out of here, if we get out of here, I'm going straight to the clap clinic to be tested. One after the other, the men spunked over my face and in my mouth. I didn't want to swallow but they threatened to hit me. I gagged as I swallowed it all.

They left and, again I was washing my mouth out. I had barely sat down when two others came in, obviously expecting the same service as their mates. They were big guys, I was in no position to argue so I got down on my knees. Graham did the same, taking his guy in his mouth. We sucked as they wanked themselves. Thank God it was quick, I thought as I swallowed. Fuck, in less than two hours, we've blown seven guys. How many guys are on this wing? How long until the next lot come in? 

I looked at Graham. He was looking in bad shape. 'Just as well they don't know you're shaved all over,' I joked. It didn't go down well. 'We need to use our brains. We don't want our heads kicked in, or worse. Maybe we should get out of our cell and go to the recreation area, where there's lot's of people and screws around. It's bound to be safer than staying in our cell,' I suggested.

That made sense and we walked out, just as two men were walking to our cell. We quickly darted the other way and went down the stairs. Everyone was looking at us. I saw some of the men we had blown earlier. They were smiling, talking to their mates, doubtless telling them what a good blow job they got from us. The jeering started. They were laughing at us. 

We sat down in a row of seats in front of the television. The clock on the wall said half past eleven in the morning. Seven guys and all before lunch time. Still, looking on the bright side, other than the slap on the face I got, we were untouched. We could have been lying in the hospital wing by now. Maybe that would have been better. God, it's not even lunch time on the Tuesday, we're here until next Monday, and then God knows what will happen to us.

We sat, staring at the television, ignoring everyone else. People started wandering off, getting ready for their lunch. God, that's an hour gone by, just one hour and it dragged. We queued up with the rest, ignoring the cat calls and taking our lunch to an empty table. Nobody sat near us. We ate in silence.

I noticed the screw walking towards our table, what did he want with us? Great news, the Governor wanted to see us about our request for rule 43. We abandoned our lunch and followed the screw. More aggressive cat-calls and insults. I didn't care, we were out of there.

The meeting with the Governor was brief and successful. He tried to discourage us, reminding us that we hadn't been sentenced yet and we should try to mix with the others. Mix with the others?... they hate us... We were escorted back to our cells to get our belongings and taken to the segregation block. Great, I thought. Little did I know. Out of the frying pan and into the fire.

The segregation block housed many sex offenders and they were dangerous men. In fact, just about everybody here is vulnerable and dangerous because of their crimes. There were very bad men in here.

The first surprise was the single cells. They were splitting Graham and I up. I was gutted, I didn't expect this. I really thought we would be together. The other surprise was the open area, we're not being locked up twenty-four hours, we were free to socialize. So what's different between this and where we've come from? This is worse, now we have very dangerous men outside our doors and we don't have each other to look out for. I could have collapsed with disappointment. Surely if I ask for segregation I'm put on my own somewhere? 

I stood on the spot, looking around. There were some scary men here and they were looking at us. This was mad, we're never going to survive this. I grabbed Graham and told him 'we're going back.' I looked around for a screw and walked up, requesting we be taken off rule 43. He said he would pass the request on but until then, we stay where we are.

I looked around, this was bleak. Everyone looked threatening and aggressive. I wondered if they knew why we were there. God, I hope not. Graham grabbed me and we sat in the television room. We should be safe there. We saw one guy, an old man bent almost double. 'He must have been in here for years to be bending over like that,' I said. 'Fuck, he's coming up to us.' 

He sat down beside Graham, cackling like a mad case. Then he delighted in telling us why he was in prison. God, I was shocked. How could he? Graham had turned a funny colour. This man was evil. I got up, Graham followed me and we left the old man on his own, cackling away to himself. 

This was much worse. I felt ill. We needed to get out of here before we get killed. Never mind blowing these guys, we needed to get away from them, back to where we had just come from.

We spent one night in the nonse wing before we were taken back to the remand block. Again, insults and jeers from the others. God, five more nights to endure this. We were only in our cell five minutes and then someone flung open the door and stormed in. 'Shower room, five fucking minutes,' he bellowed and then shot out the door again. What the fuck? 

If we strip off they'll see Graham has a cyclist's build and shaved all over. He's dead. God, should we go back on rule 43 again? Five minutes, what's going to happen to us after five minutes? I was in a panic. Should I tell a screw? Graham was worried but more worried about what will happen to us if we don't go to the shower room.

We grabbed our towels and shot off to the showers. The lights were off but there was some light coming in from the corridor outside. Just enough to see this enormous guy, a mountain of a man standing naked by the showers. He was surrounded by five other naked guys. Fuck, this is the daddy, or whatever they call themselves. The leader, the hard man. The one who obviously wants to talk to us. This didn't look good at all.

The big man, Big Rab he called himself, had a deal for us. It was simple. If Graham and I take care of Big Rab and his gang of five bruisers, take very good care, he emphasized, then he could make sure we were left alone. Until next Monday when we go to court, he was going to make sure we were left alone. All we needed to do was make these six men, three men each, cum whenever they wanted and we'll be left alone.

It was simply put to us. I wanted to confer with Graham first but I didn't think it would be clever to ask. What fucking choice do we have? It's either these six guys or the whole block. I think we were lucky, it could have been an offer involving a kicking. If we do this, both of us, we can get to Monday intact. Take care of the sexual needs of six hard, hairy muscular men. 

We accepted our fate. It could have been worse. He told us to get our kit off. Someone switched on the lights, the showers came on. I started to undress. Graham stood there, not sure what to do. I nudged him. He had no choice, these men are going to find out his secret. Poor Graham.

I walked naked, into the showers, Graham following, trying to cover his shaved cock with his hands. The six men gathered round us. I reached for the nearest cock, making it harden in my hand. Graham got down on his knees. Men gathered closer, rubbing their cocks against my face. I went from one to the other, wanking and sucking them. One guy came real quick, I was ready and took his load. Someone remarked on Graham's body and all eyes were on him. One man ran out of the showers and came back with a jar of Vaseline. God, Graham's had it now.

Big Rab rubbed his cock with vaseline. Fuck, he had a big cock. That's going to hurt. He knelt down behind Graham, rubbing his ass with the vaseline. Another man knelt in front of him, pushing his cock into Graham's mouth. I had one cock in my hand and another in my mouth. I reached to another guy, pulling his cock closer to me. This is terrifying but also hugely erotic. I heard Graham moan as Big Rab entered him, slowly fucking his ass. God, a cock in his mouth and another in his ass. I felt another guy come over me, he thrust his cock in my mouth, letting me lick the last drop. Another guy, and another. Slowly, they were all coming. Graham was still getting fucked but he had blown the guy in his mouth. Big Rab was the last one to cum, and he wasn't in any hurry. I watched as his lovely cock thrust in and out of Graham. He sounded like he was in some trouble. I walked over to Big Rab and fondled his balls as he pounded Graham. I was willing him to cum, I squeezed the base of his cock every time he pulled out. Finally, he went stiff and Graham moaned as Big Rab filled Graham's ass with his hot spunk. I looked around at the group of men. I had spunk all over my face. These guys were spent, their cocks getting softer, they looked so sexy. Fuck, the whole thing is sexy. Everyone got cleaned off. Graham was sore after his fucking. Well, let's not forget it's because of him we're in here in the first fucking place.

Big Rab thanked us and reminded us, any time, any place, you take care of us. They all walked out.

'Fuck Graham, this is mental. It's Wednesday morning, we have five more nights of this. We have no choice. At least this way, we're safe, nobody will touch us. How hard can it be to satisfy six guys, three guys each, in here?' Five days, six guys, two orgasms a day, that's sixty lot's of cum, thirty each. And then we're out of here, hopefully.

We underestimated the two orgasm's a day. Some guys were coming four times a day. They would just walk into our cell, drop their trousers and close their eyes as we took care of them. Twice, we were taken in the showers. One afternoon, poor Graham was getting Big Rab's cock again. The guy fucking me was a lot smaller. He gave me a good hard fucking. I enjoyed it, yes, I did enjoy it. It was sexy being taken like that. Graham breathed out as Big Rab shot his hot spunk into him.

As the days slowly went by and we catered for our protectors, we got talking about how bizarre this was. Six guys fucking us and getting sucked off. Forget we're in the jail and that would be seriously sexy. I was getting used to the six guys, we got to know their preferences, what they liked. One guy liked me to squeeze my ass muscles just as he came inside me. I liked that. I liked the guy who preferred to come over my face, watching me lick it off my fingers. I was beginning to enjoy all the hard cock action and loads of hot spunk.

They brought us sweets once, a gift to us. I was touched. They had kept their word and nobody even looked at us, the insults and jeering had stopped. The six men were satisfied and I was enjoying servicing them. It was only three men each a day. We learned how to get them off quick, when we wanted it over with, and we knew how to keep them going for ages when we were enjoying it. 

By Sunday, hopefully our last night in this wretched place, I was getting really turned on by the daily action. So was Graham. Loads of guys must fantasize about being in a prison with all these sex starved men. They were animals, wild animals...and it feels so sexy to be taken by them.

The men knew we might not be coming back so they were particularly busy on our last day. Twice, I blew Big Rab, taking every drop of his lovely spunk in my mouth. God, this giant of a man, squirting his essence in my mouth, holding me tight as he shuddered. I wanted fucked by him. For a change, I went to his cell, half an hour before lock up. I was carrying a tub of vaseline that I got from one of the guys.

I unzipped Big Rab and quickly got him hard. He had a sensitive cock and the slightest touch got him aroused. God, he was big. A real man. I shivered with desire. I rubbed vaseline over my ass. I was ready for him. I knelt down, leaning over his bed. He got on his knees behind me. Slowly he pushed his cock into me. I gasped and tried to relax. Slowly he persevered. For such a big guy, he really was quite gentle. I felt his head fully inside me. I gripped the bed, relaxing more and more. The worst was over. Slowly, in one long push, he entered me, all the way. God, it was beautiful. I moaned as he pulled back, thrusting all the way in again. God, it's so nice. Gradually he fucked me faster and faster. I bite my arm, it was sore but it was also fucking exciting. I felt him stiffen, again, and waited for it. God, it was lovely, spunk dripped out of me as he continued to spurt inside me, I wanted it all.

At lock up, I was talking to Graham. We couldn't believe it, Sunday night and we have survived. Against all the odds, we made it. We had been so busy satisfying the six men that we had forgotten about each other. I hadn't sucked him since we were in the police cells a week ago. We hadn't even hugged each other. 

Nonetheless and despite everything, we were safe. Early tomorrow morning, we'll be taken to court for sentencing. We might be back here. God, neither of us wanted that. I asked him if I could get into bed with him. He pulled back the covers. I lay in his arms, my head on his chest. I could feel Big Rab's spunk still inside me. As soon as we can, we both need to get tested. Until then, we might as well enjoy ourselves. 

I crawled down the bed and took his cock in my mouth. I needed his spunk and I had plenty for him. I turned and we sucked each other's cock. Right then, I just wanted to come and then fall asleep in his arms with the taste of his spunk in my mouth. I had pretty much forgotten that it was all his fault we were in here. Tomorrow, hopefully we can go home.

It was another sleepless night because of the noise. Every night was the same. I was lucky if I got two hours sleep a night. I was exhausted now, not thinking clearly. We went for breakfast. It felt strange to think this could be our last day. I was so looking forward to my own bed. God, my wife. I had forgotten about her. Fuck, she could have emptied the house by now. I hadn't heard a word from her since I told her over the phone. Well, that's something to look forward to, meeting her. I felt dreadful.
