 Music heavy and thumping. The bass moving through him like some living thing. The rhythm was a part of him. Jason moved and danced like the air through the trees. He didn't need a partner, he just needed room to move, and move he did like music was invented for him alone. 

He came here once every weekend. This was his little escape, the gay club in the town next to his. He loved to dance, to be free, but in his life he had to hide many things. Well many things he didn't even know about himself. He wasn't gay, well he didn't know if he was or not. Jason was shy, he knew that. 

As a teen he stayed home every night focusing on his work. Really he was hiding. He hadn't the first clue how to approach a girl, he let his fears overtake him. As a result he was 23 and still a virgin. 

Yes he had a great job, and was even thinking of starting his own company in a few years. Love though, love he had never known. And the only touch his body had ever felt, was his own. Jason blushed. Even then it was under the cover of darkness. There was nothing wrong with him. At 5'5 he wasn't tall by any sense of the word. He was slender with well defined abs and just enough muscle to know he took his health seriously. He was slightly tan with eyes the color green of apples and hair as black as night. 


No, there was nothing wrong with his looks.

Dancing at Motion Works, Jason felt free. As the song switched over to another with a slower more sensual beat, Jason felt arms slowly encircle his waist. 

"You move like an angel." A deep voice whispered in his ear.

Jason stilled a little in his dancing, his partner must have taken it for a sign of stopping. 

The stranger whispered in his ear again. "Don't, I had to dance with you. I see you in here every week, and your so beautiful." Jason blushed. What was wrong with him, he had to say something.

"Um err...thank you?" Jason replied. They talked little after that, just moved to the beat. Jason letting his body take him where it would. Too soon the song was over and Jason let the stranger lead him over to a table.

He got his first look at his mystery dancer and his breath caught. Now Jason had found others attractive both men and women, not that he would voice this. Though this man, he was breathtaking. He was about 6'2 with styled and shortly cropped blond hair eyes the color of robins eggs. Muscles that looked just right on him and clothing tapered to fit his body. 

"Wow." Jason breathed then quickly looked away blushing

A deep chuckle was drawn from the stranger. "Don't be embarrassed Angel, I love that you look at me." Raising Jason's face to meet his eyes "My name is Aaron and yours?"

"J-Jason." He stuttered out. 

"Beautiful. Jason, you must let me buy you a drink." Aaron answered

Jason could only nod as Aaron continued to stare at him with those amazing eyes. Nodding Aaron left only to return with two drinks for them. Jason sipped his to find it his regular drink. Blinking questioningly at his guest Aaron replied "I watch you often my little Angel. You are so beautiful I had to talk to you."

"I'm not..." 

"But you are. Tell me, does your lover know you come here?" Aaron questioned still staring into Jason's eyes.

"I d-don't have a lover." Jason blushed

Smiling Aaron answered "Good no competition then. Care to dance Angel?" Magic words, Jason took the offered hand and was soon back in Aaron's arms moving to the music. 

One song turned into five and things were heating up. Jason was moving against Aaron slowly. Aaron groaned softly into Jason's ear. 

"Oh God, I made him do that. How can I be doing this? Am I gay? I'm not am I?"

Aaron griped Jason's hips and brought him back grinding himself into Jason. He leaned down and softly kissed Jason's neck. Hearing his breath catch, Aaron softly stroked his tongue across that spot. Jason moved closer to him. 

Aaron's voice was a husky whisper in his ears "Come home with me Angel. Let me take care of you." 

All Jason could do was nod. Moving to gather his things, Jason let Aaron lead him out to his car. "Took a taxi over, so I'll just ride with you." Damn he almost slipped and said something else, have to be more careful. He was so out of his league here.

They quickly arrived at Aaron's house. A two story house in a nice neighborhood. Something you see family's or businessmen living in. "Well this is it." Aaron said leading Jason on an quick tour. 

"Something to drink?" Aaron asked. Jason feeling a little nervous agreed, what could it do but help relax him. 

They took their drinks into the spacious living room and Aaron started to talk. "So no lover, you live alone then?" 

Jason nodded.

Seeing his nervousness, Aaron needed to know something. "Jason, may I ask you a personal question?" Getting the nod of approval he went on. "Have you ever been with a man?"

Jason shook his head no. "I-I've never been with anyone." He blushed

"Never...uh oh. Jason will you let me show you? We can stop if anything feels wrong or you aren't comfortable." When Jason nodded yes, Aaron let out the breath he didn't know he was holding. 

He led Jason to his bedroom, He couldn't believe he was there with him. "Angel, you don't know how may times I've seen you and wanted to dance with you. Be near you. You have no clue how beautiful you are." 

Jason, blushed harder and Aaron couldn't help but kiss him. It started off as a slight meeting of lips. Jason opened his mouth letting Aaron's tongue in. Aaron groaned deepening the kiss. He moved his tongue slowly against Jason's not wanting to scare him away. Slowly they moved back to the bed. Once they lay upon it with Aaron in top, they resumed their kiss. 

"Can I take off your shirt?" Aaron asked removing his own shirt. Jason getting his first look as his new lover nodded his head yes. Licking his suddenly dry lips Jason lifted his arms as Aaron removed his shirt.

"Oh God, your perfect." Aaron whispered against Jason's skin. He slowly peppered kisses on his chest moving up to his neck. Slowly he started to nip the soft flesh there, kissing and soothing it with his tongue. He let his hand drift down to the bulge in his Angel's pants. Kissing Jason again he slowly started to stroke him through his pants. Jason moved his mouth away to moan softly. 

"Can I take your pants off Angel?" Aaron huskily whispered. 

"Yes." Jason moaned out

Aaron removed first Jason's then his own pants. He took in his first look of Jason, who was in turn looking at him. "Jason" He called, and again when the other didn't respond. "Jason, baby. I want to taste you. Will you let me?"

"Oh yes." Jason answered. 

Aaron left a trail of kisses from Jason's lips to his navel, where he stopped to dip his tongue in and out. A mock of what he would soon be doing with other parts of Jason's body. Aaron moved to softly kiss and nibble at Jason's hip bones, dipping his tongue into the indentations there.

He moved down to inhale the smell of his Angel....slowly he took his penis and licked the head. Then inch by inch took him into his mouth. Licking and tonguing the sides and Jason moaned an withered on the bed. Aaron took Jason all the way into his mouth and into his throat. Swallowing around him then removing his mouth to do it again. Aaron looked up to see Jason moaning as turning his head from side to side.

Eyes tightly closed and head bowed, he was the picture of beauty and pleasure. Aaron placed two of his fingers by his lips. " Get them wet for me Angel." And Jason took them into his mouth licking and sucking them, making them nice and wet. Aaron removed his fingers with a pop and brought them down to Jason's entrance. 

"Look at me Angel." Aaron whispered as his fingers circled the slowly loosening passage. When Jason's eyes met his, Aaron slowly pressed one finger into him. Pushing it in and out loosing the passage for another finger. When he felt that Jason was ready he pressed in another finger.

Jason's breath caught for a moment. He could not imagine that this was happening. He was in someone's bed, a MALE someone. Being kissed , touched, stroked. The weirdest part was, he liked it! He stiffed a little as Aaron added a third finger and it stung a bit. Aaron, he was so good looking, not that he looked at many men before. And Aaron liked him, noticed him. Even had a little bit of a crush on him. He might have one back.

Jason moaned and arched onto Aaron's fingers. He'd hit something very pleasant. It felt like tingles through his entire body. 

"Ready Angel?" At Jason's nod, Aaron climbed up to once again kiss Jason. "You nervous? We can stop if you want." Aaron questioned.

"No I want to do this, I want you Aaron." Jason timidly answered

"Ok Angel, I'll take care of you." Aaron took the tube from his bedside drawer and spread some of its contents over his erection. He kissed Jason one more time before slowly entering him.

Jason gasped at the feeling. "You ok?" Aaron questioned. Jason nodded. Aaron started to move again. Once he was fully sated, he waited for Jason to adjust. 

"Y-you can move now." Jason whispered.

Aaron leaned down and kissed Jason, the kiss becoming serious. Their tongues dueling against each other. Aaron started to move, slowly at first then gained some speed. Twisting his hips until he heard Jason gasp, knowing he had found what he was looking for. The found a rhythm, quick and throbbing. In and out, pleasure strumming through them.

Aaron reached down and began to stroke Jason's neglected penis, Jason started to moan louder and press himself up onto Aaron. "Oh God, Aaron harder. Harder, please." Jason moaned gripping Aaron's arms for leverage.

Moving in and out of his Angel. The guy of his dreams, Aaron felt himself saying the words. His hearts desire. He couldn't even stop himself. "Oh Angel, I love you. I Love you so much." With one last thrust Jason came spilling himself over both their stomachs and Aaron's hand. Seeing Jason in such pleasure, Aaron followed filling his Angel, his love.

Aaron moved to lay next to Jason on the bed. How could he have said that? 

"You love me?" Jason questioned

"I. Yes, I love you. I don't want to scare you away. I just couldn't help but fall in love with you. Then you came home with me, you are so special. I just, I'm sorry Jason."

"Angel." Jason replied

"What?" Aaron asked

"You can call me your Angel." Jason answered leaning over to kiss Aaron.