 They say that love is a two way street. Well his was a dead end. Jason was 18 and ready to begin the rest of his life. College was just around the corner and with that came a chance to reinvent him self. Forget the past and Mark Logan. 

Jason sighed as he ran his hands through his shoulder length hair. It was only 2 more days until graduation and man was he counting. It hadn't been the best time of his life, High School. Though he had found something most people look for all their lives and never do, Love.

Mark Logan was the dark to his light. Where Jason was blond with startling blue eyes a slim effeminate body and cupid's bow mouth. Mark was broad, black hair falling into green eyes the color of freshly cut grass and a muscular physique. In a word he was perfect.

There's the problem, perfect. Jason knew that being gay was a lot less of an issue than it had been. Yet being gay in high school was like asking to be run over. Yet a guy could dream. And that's just what he was doing when he ran into something solid.

"Oh, sorry about that Jason. You ok man?" A deep voice asked from above him.

Jason looked up and into the eyes of his secret love, Mark. Speechless he could only nod and take the offered hand to get up form the floor.

"I am so sorry I wasn't watching where I was going. Too many things on my mind. I still haven't found a date for the after party." Mark explained

Jason was confused, why is he talking to me? And when did he learn my name. Wait what was that part about the date? He's still talking, listen.

"-wouldn't be so bad except I hate these things and don't want to go alone. Girls tend to get a little crazy around me." Mark made a face of extreme disgust. A look of revelation crossed his face when he glanced at Jason. "You want to be my date?"

Jason just stared back blankly...WHAT?????

"Your pretty quiet. We'll have to work on that."

Jason found his voice. "What??? No. I mean, yes. I'll be your date." Oh man, He was going on a date with Mark. "You want to meet here tomorrow before the party?"

Mark shook his head no. Was he just checking him out? "It's a date. I'll pick you up."

Jason could only nod as he quickly scribbled down his address and cell number in case Mark couldn't find the house. "7 ok?" Mark nodded and gave a smile and wave before he walked away.

Glancing at his watch Jason realized he didn't have much time to get ready. It was only a little over 24 hours before his date and he had to be ready. Grabbing his keys and bag he ran to his car.

Standing before his mirror the next day, Jason was contemplating his naked body. Graduation had gone off with out a hitch. He had accepted his diploma and walked off he platform not tripping once. Mark's name was meet with cheers and whistles, he smiled as he walked across the stage. Jason silently drooled his cock hardening in his pants. The robs thankfully covered that. He reached down to quickly rub his length to relieve a bit of the pressure.

That was his date, Jason thought looking at his once again aching cock. Three times. That's how many he has fisted himself to pleasure today. Looks like he is going to make that four. He watched the mirror image of himself trailing his fingers down his body. He pretended it was for Mark, that he was watching. He brought two fingers to his lips and slowly sucked them into his mouth. Hot, moist, heaven. Words Mark would call his mouth as he sucked and stroked him to completion.

He gripped his dick hard with thoughts of his love. Only for him. He started stroking his pace fast and brought his two now wet fingers to his entrance. Sliding first one then the other inside, he fingered himself to the rhythm of his hand. Gasping and biting back a moan, he sped up his strokes. Pushing his fingers back just a little harder. THERE. Groaning, Jason watched as the mirror in front of him was streaked in white lines. He sucked in gulps of air, fighting for his knees not to buckle.

A buzzing started, growing in volume. Damn. That's the clock. He had about half an hour to get ready. Jason Scrambled to the shower.

Getting into Mark's car, Jason was a bit nervous. Mark smiled as they started for the party. "So what did you do with your day?"

Jason looked away a slight blush on his cheeks. "Nothing."

Mark smiled again. He had a good idea what he did. "So tonight as my date, you have to make sure to keep the vultures away from me. Especially Sandy."

"Wasn't that your girlfriend?"

Mark nodded "Key word, was. I broke up with her and she can't seem to get over it. Just watch out for her." Jason nodded. When mark got out of the car, Jason took the chance to stare at his ass and quickly adjusted him self. Again? Wow. 

Mark opened the door for Jason, who looked shocked. "It's a date Jas. That's what I do. You ok with that?" Jason nodded again. He didn't know if the question was for the nickname or the chivalry, both were ok. Mark took Jason's hand and they walked into the throng of people gathered around the doors to the school. 

The gym was decorated with different pictures of moments through their high school career. There were booths with different games and ticket counters to redeem prizes. They each got a gift bag filled with samples and freebees that Mark had taken to the car. Jason and mark tried all the games and even got involved in a few conversations with past friends. They were just about to head to the refreshment booth when someone jerked Jason away from Mark.

"You fag. You left me for a guy? Not even an attractive one!!" Sandy yelled eyeing Jason.

Jason to his credit was slightly pissed. She had snuck up and ruined what was otherwise a wonderful date.

Mark put his hands up in mock surrender. "Calm down Sandy. Your acting crazy. We aren't together anymore, so I'm free to do as I please."

"We're not together because of HIM." She said pointing at Jason. 

"Me?" Jason questioned

"Don't Sandy." Mark pleaded

"Don't what?" Sandy voiced to Mark and the gathering crowd "Don't say how you always seemed to drift off when we were talking. Or how when we had sex you called out his name."

Someone in the crowd shifted. "Why are you this way Sandy. I told you I had to end it." He walked over and took Jason's hand. "I love Jason and I didn't want to hurt you any longer. Accept it. I don't care who has a problem with it." Someone moved from the crowd.

Ty, Mark's best friend "Man I didn't know you were gay. I'm pissed you didn't tell me, but if your happy. I'm happy." Mark smiled

Sandy walked off pissed that things hadn't worked out as she had planned. 

"Come on Jas we need to talk." Mark led Jason to an out of the way classroom. "About what she said-"

"I love you too."

"What?" Mark was confused

"I love you too, have for a while. Just now that I know how you feel, this makes my first date that much more special."

"You've never been on a date?" Mark questioned. At Jason's negative he moved on "Have you-"

"No. I only wanted you. I got myself off four times today thinking of you" Jason confessed

Mark moved to lean in Jason backing him into the teachers desk "Really. That good huh? Want to find out if the real thing stands up." Mark moved to the button of Jason's jeans. When he nodded, Mark unbuttoned them pulling them and Jason's underwear off and lifted Jason onto the edge of the desk.

Dropping to his knees mark licked a stripe up to the head of Jason's 8 in dick. Tasting the sweetness of his love for the first time he dipped his tongue into the hole trying to get as much as he could. Stroking him a few times he took the length into his mouth. Drawing more and more in until he was deep throating his love.

Jason whimpered and gripped Mark's hair pulling him forward for more. "P...p...please"

Mark complied licking and sucking the swollen flesh in and out of his mouth. He place two fingers into Jason's mouth as he continued his worship. Jason licked as sucked at the fingers as Mark as doing to him. Mark placed his now wet fingers by Jason's entrance. He slowly pressed one then the other inside. Groaning at the feel Mark sent vibrations throughout Jason's body.

Letting out a loud moan Jason opened his eyes to watch Mark touching him. His eyes closed, face relaxed in pleasure. Jason's cock moving in and out of his hot mouth. "Look at me." Jason commanded and was surprised when Mark complied. Mark pressed on the magic spot at that exact moment. When Green eyes met dazzling blue. Moaning loudly Jason shuddered as pulse after pulse erupted from his spent cock and down his love's throat.

Licking the now resting flesh Mark stood from the floor. He slowly licked his swollen lips as he stared at Jason. He was spread out on the desk with only his shirt covering him. His bond hair spread out around him like a halo. His shirt partly ridden up showing a firm stomach leading to sharp hipbones and a trail of blond hair leading to the now sleeping cock. Yes his love was beautiful. He rubbed his aching length through his jeans. Jason beckoned him and they kissed. Jason's tongue dipping inside to pull more of his own taste from the moist cavern. 

Jason moved to the button of Mark's pants. "Not here." He could wait. His love deserved the very best for his first time.