 "Baby, Janice invited me to an all male review on Saturday. I originally told her okay because I knew you wouldn't mind. She bought two tickets but now she can't go because Jerry is recovering from his knee surgery. I don't want to go alone and everyone is busy. Why don't you come? I promise I will make it worth your while. Besides you might learn some new moves," my sexy wife Karen teased.

She had invited me to go as a joke but I have always been comfortable with my sexuality and I had no problem going so I accepted her invitation.

We went out to dinner and had a few drinks with dinner. After dinner we headed to the bar where we continued to drink for another two hours before the entertainment arrived. When they arrived I was pretty drunk which explains what happened next.

The first dancer came out dressed like a cop. He was a well built guy in his mid 20's with dark hair. He quickly shed his outfit and danced around the room in a thong. The scene was pretty funny as the women hooted, hollered and whistled as he dance. He moved from one woman to the next and ground and danced with each of them. He moved over to dance with my wife and she looked at me and laughed.

The dancer turned my wife around and stood behind her. He grabbed her hips and positioned her so she was on her hands and knees with her head towards my lap and her ass facing him. He began thrusting against her as he simulated fucking my pretty wife while her head rested on my now semi erect cock.

The DJ played it up and the women ate it up. They all yelled and screamed as the well built dancer and I pretended to double team my wife. 

Finally he backed away from my wife and took a hand full of singles from her hand. He leaned in and kissed my wife on the cheek as she whispered something in his ear. He smiled and nodded as he moved in front of me.

I didn't know anyone there except my wife so I decided to be a good sport. I pulled a $5 out of my pocket and the crowd went crazy. 

The dancer swung his hips and gyrated toward me just as he had for all the ladies. He got closer and closer until his package was less that a foot from my face. He pulled the thong away from his tight rippled abs and motioned for me to put the money in it. 

I played it up for the crowd and I waived the bill around as he gyrated his hips closer to my face. I could smell a mix of his cologne and his natural scent as his shaved muscular body swung inches from my face between my spread legs. I reached out and held his thong with one hand and reached inside with the other. My fingers grazed his cock as I stuffed the bill into his thong. His cock was huge. It hung six inches and it was flaccid.

"God damn," I whispered softly as he smiled. Then he did something that shocked the hell out of me and made the crowd go crazy.

The dancer took my head in his hands and pulled my face toward his silk covered cock as the women in the room screamed and hollered. I could feel the warm flesh through the thin fabric as he ground his pelvis against my mouth. It was that moment that I realized that this had gone beyond being a lark and I was a willing participant. What was more; I was enjoying the sensation of his muscular stomach bumping against my forehead. Somewhere deep inside of me a switch was thrown. I had never entertained a conscious homosexual thought in my life but at that moment I wanted his cock. I parted my lips discretely and licked his dick through the material as I wondered what it would be like to take it into my mouth. I didn't have to wonder for long.

The dancer pulled his thong to the side as the women formed a tight circle around us to block outside eyes. I parted my lips as though I had done it a thousand times and he fed me his rapidly growing cock. I felt his head slip past my lips and I tasted his salty yet sweet precum.

The women around us were no longer screaming with excitement. They watched in a trance as the dancer held my head in his hands and slowly pumped his hard throbbing meat in and out of my virgin mouth.

His cock was a full 8" hard and my jaw was stretched wide as he slowly fucked my mouth. My eyes watered and I fought my gag reflex as his big cock slid down my throat. A steady stream of precum drooled from the tip and coated my tonsils as his pelvis pressed against my nose. It was surprisingly tasty and I wanted more.

I brought my hands up and gripped the saliva slickened shaft as I slurped on his thick bulbous head. My hands milked his cock faster and faster as the women around us stared in shocked excitement. His balls started to contract and I knew he was close. I wanted to drink his seed. His knees trembled as his cock started to spit thick creamy cum into my waiting mouth. His seed painted the back of my throat and I swallowed it as shot after shot filled my mouth. I tried to swallow it all but some ran down my chin as he pulled his spent rod from my mouth. 

My wife pushed him out of the way and licked his cum from my chin. She held it in her mouth and pressed her lips to mine. Her tongue thrust into my mouth and we shared a cum filled passionate kiss as she ground her body against mine.

"Baby, that was so hot," Karen said breathlessly. "Let's get out of here. My pussy is so wet my juices are soaking my panties. I need you inside me now." She led me out to the car but not before getting the dancer's number.

My sexy wife pulled her jeans down to her ankles and grabbed hold of the trunk of my car.

"Fuck me baby," my overheated wife panted as she looked back as spread her ass cheeks.

I quickly unzipped my fly and fished out my hard cock, which was leaking precum from my earlier adventure. I rubbed it over her swollen pussy lips before sinking it all the way in to her warm wet pussy. I fucked her with long slow strokes and then increased my pace as we build to a crescendo that culminated with a powerful climax for the both of us.

Karen pushed me onto my back and straddled my face.

"Clean your mess baby," she demanded as she allowed gravity to drain my cum from her pussy into my mouth. 

I licked her cum filled pussy and swallowed my huge load before concentrating on her hard swollen clit. My tongue flicked over her clit until she came harder that I had ever seen.

We quickly pulled our clothes up and climbed into my car for the drive home.

"Baby, that was so hot. I never in my life imagined I would get off watching that but oh my god...Let's do that again," Karen said excitedly.

"If it makes you hot I will gladly do that and more," I replied honestly as I pulled out of the parking lot.