 I arrived home trying to keep positive. I thought I had turned the tide with the arrogant little pick. Little prick is not a good description of Eric... Arrogant little ass would be better. None the less, he was a smart, arrogant little ass, and seemed to know his Psychology. 

I wished I could turn the clock back 24 hours and start over. A day ago, at this time, my porn addiction was a secret, as far as I knew. My daughter and her best friend weren't nymphomaniacs because of me and my sister wasn't a traitorous slut.

And oh yeah, I wouldn't have to jack off my daughter's boyfriend twice a day to keep him from butt fucking my daughter who begs him to do it! Said desire was in her head because of my porn issues! And thus, my head spun round and around in circles, all leading back to me being the cause of all of it.

It was noon by the time I got home. Eight hours till Amanda would be home. The thought of confronting her made me nauseous but, I needed to stop all this insanity and get my little girl back. That was part of the problem. Nineteen is beyond little girl, and she could make a rash choice if I pushed her too hard. She would be starting college in a couple months, and the thought of her dropping out and or moving out and jeopardizing her future was terrifying. 

I needed to clear my head, so I went for a ride again. I peddled and imagined the wind blowing away my stress. My mind cleared briefly before the thought of the past 24 hours returned. 24 hours... He came on my face four times in 24 hours! The image of his hot cum shooting onto my face popped into my head.

Right on que a text. Ding! I pulled off the road.

Eric: Thinking about your mouth Porn Hound. (Attached was a picture of his boner.)

Me: Enough. Please stop.

Eric: You forgot "don't!"

Me:???

Eric: You mean "Please don't stop."?

Me: I'm riding and don't have time for this. Just be there tonight if I need you. 

Eric: It's available any time you need it. (He attached a boner pick again. "4 times in 24 hours and the damned thing is hard again," I thought to myself.) Do you have a special seat for hard-on riding?

I could feel my cock straining against the bicycle shorts. "Arrogant little ass," I thought jumping back on the bike. Twenty-three miles later, I heard the ding again. I was nearly done so continued until the end before checking.

Amanda: Can Jackie stay over tonight? She really wants to watch Fear the Walking Dead tonight, and you know her parents... 

I thought about it and convinced myself to let her, postponing the intervention until I returned from my trip. That would give me time to contact the old therapy clinic and see what the options might be before confronting her.

Me: Ok but don't get me in the dog house with her parents.

Amanda: Thanks Daddy. You'll make popcorn?

Me: Yep, can't wait.

I sent a text to Eric.

Me: Can't do it tonight. Jackie's staying over. I will contact you after I get back Friday.

Eric: No Jacking off this week.

Me: Please stop this line of texting.

Eric: You can't control yourself, can you? Shall we bet another dollar?

I did not dignify him with a response. 

While I was sweaty, I did some work in the yard. I mowed, trimmed and weeded working up a sweat. I had burned enough calories for about a week. I cooked myself a steak and baked a potato in the microwave. It was pushing eight O'clock, and as I was finishing up the girls came in. I sat at the kitchen table when they entered. They sat down across from me and told me about their Netflix night.

"Thanks for letting me stay Mr. Thompson," said Jackie, smiling. 

"My pleasure sweetie," I said noticing how intensely brown her eyes were. "Just don't tell your parents, I'm a bad influence."

"It will be our little secret Mr. Thompson." she said batting her eyes.

I swore she pushed her tits together with her arms as she did, highlighting her cleavage in her low-cut T. She wore a black bra under a pink V neck T. I could see the lacy material through the T. My eyes darted between her eyes and her tits. I could not decide which was more hypnotic. Her skin seemed to be perfect today. She would sometimes have some major acne outbreaks, but her face was flawless today. Her long black hair was shimmering down her shoulders.

"Are you girls hungry?" I asked hoping I knew the answer.

"No, her mom made meatloaf. We are good!" said Amanda rubbing her tummy. 

That is Amanda's favorite dish of all time. They both leaned forward and I tried not to stare at Jackie's tits but the thought of my cock sliding in between them would not leave my porn hound brain.

"But you will make popcorn later, right?" They said simultaneously. 

"Absolutely!" I replied. 

It was tradition that I make a batch of kettle corn whenever the three of us watched TV.

Ding! Another text.

Eric: Owe me a dollar yet?

I rolled my eyes and laid my phone face down on the table.

"I need to get a shower and we can convene around 9:30 for the show." I said turning to avoid the bulge in my riding shorts from ogling Jackie's tits. 

I put my dishes in the dish washer and got out the tools for popcorn. As I walked down the hall toward my room, Jackie passed me carrying her overnight bag, from Amanda's room to the guest room. Her tits brushed my arm as we passed. I looked back at her cutoff jeans, admiring her cute little ass, imaging running my fingers up the pant legs of her cutoffs. I looked up to see her smiling back at me over her shoulder.

"Have you lost weight Mr. Thompson? She said clearly flirting.

"A few pounds," I said, thumb in my waist band.

"Hmmm," she sighed stepping into her room.

I took a long hot shower thinking about soapy tits and how easily I came fucking Eric's palm earlier. Here I was stiffening again after cumming twice in twenty-four hours. After the shower, I wanted to bring up the video of my shower with Eric. Wearing only a towel, I made sure the coffee mug was blocking the web cam. It was not, it had shifted to the side about six inches. I nonchalantly, moved it back as I looked for my phone.

I remembered I left it in the kitchen, so I slipped on some gym shorts and a T and went to retrieve it. I opened the bedroom door and did not see the girls and the door to their rooms were open... As I went to the kitchen, I heard them talking.

"Not ready for popcorn, already are you?" I asked playfully.

They were sitting at the kitchen table on their cell phones texting away.

"We're good," said Amanda not looking up.

"Good, forty-five minutes or so. Hopefully the zombies won't affect your appetite."

Getting no response, I grabbed my phone and headed to my room.

I sat at the desk in my room and brought up the video from this morning. I could not help myself, as the playback got me up yet again. I picked a couple Kleenex and shoved them in my underwear to prevent leakage through my gym shorts. As I watched his quaking orgasm in the shower with my fingers in his ass, it occurred to me, I was doing just as he said. Seeing myself in my own movie had me ready to jack myself off yet again. 

To snap out of it, I went to my laptop and watched my sister eating Jackie's pussy mesmerized by her bouncing tits. I found myself rubbing my boner through my gym shorts before coming to the realization I was supposed to be making popcorn!

I slammed the laptop closed, applied some cold water to myself and headed for the kitchen. As I passed Amanda's room I saw the girls sitting on her bed in their pajama's looking at her laptop.

"Making popcorn," I said thinking about the skin on Jackie's legs as she sat in an oversized T-shirt pajama top. From the side it rode high teasing whether she was wearing panties.

"Stop, you horny old perv!" I told myself and proceeded to make the kettle corn.

When I was done, I sat the kettle corn bowls on the coffee table. Three large bowls and cokes.

"Ready!" I yelled.

The girls walked in to take their seats. Amanda wore a set of summer pajama's. Light pink button down top and draw string shorts with lacy trim on the legs. Jackie war a V-neck cotton T that hung about an inch beyond her ass. The T-hugged her back and pushed out over the curve of her slim but shapely ass.

They sat on the love seat Indian style with the bowl of popcorn between their knees. As Jackie, took her seat I saw her plain white cotton panties as the T road up her spread thighs. I could see a shadow of her dark bush before she placed the popcorn bowl between her knees.

I again imagined what the skin on her thighs must feel like as I strategically placed my own bowl of popcorn on my lap. Her V-neck exposed the valley between her sizable breasts and the outline of her nipples were highlighted through the fabric. I gained a twisted satisfaction lusting over the young lady I'd known for years since contered Eric's insistence of the hypnotic power of his cock.

As the show progressed I was able to distract myself from ogling Jackie, until she finished her popcorn and set the bowl on the table giving me full view of the white cotton panties. I glanced up and she was engrossed in the program, so my eyes returned to her panties and the clear darkened outline of her trimmed bush. There was a slight indentation in the fabric of between her labia.

Another glance and she was still engrossed. I wondered what it would feel like to caress the little pockets of white skin on her inner thighs surrounding her tender little pussy. She twisted herself slightly to the left, unknowingly giving me a head on view of her white cotton covered piece of heaven. Her left hand moved to her knee and slowly traced her fingers up her inner thigh, causing my heart rate to increase and my throat to tighten. As her fingers passed mid-thigh, the blaring volume of a commercial startled me to reality.

I looked up to see Jackie looking at me wide eyed and smiling. Her eyes darted downward and mine followed, as her pointer finger slid just under the edge of her panty, near her ass and traced up toward the top of her thigh.

"So, what do you think Mr. Thompson?" asked Jackie placing her hands back on her knees, spread eagle in front of me.

I glanced at Amanda and her eyes widened as she gave a devious little smile. "Busted," I thought to myself, trying not to look at her panties. My eyes drifted down. I wanted to slide them off and taste her sweet pussy...

"Well?" asked Jackie waiting for an answer, "Did you see that coming?"

Eyes on her crotch I thought, "Yes I have seen that cumming." 

My mind reeled trying to figure out how to respond or even what she was asking. "Stop looking at her panties!" I told myself. "The show, she's asking about the show!"

"Oh... Not at all total shock," I mumbled. 

I had not even touched my popcorn, so I thought of a solution to my problem and stood up with my bowl and handed it toward Jackie. "I see you're out. Do you want my popcorn sweetie?" I asked, hoping she would take it and block my view.

"I'm good Mr. Thompson," she said, uncrossing her ankles and pulling her knees straight up with her hands with her feet on the sofa. This tilted her hips forward stretching her panties tighter.

"I'll take it," said Amanda grabbing the bowl.

They both starred at my crotch and giggled as my boner was no longer blocked by my bowl. I quickly sat down and crossed my legs and put my hands in my lap. 

I kept my eyes, glued to the TV screen.

Ding! a text. This time it was Amanda's phone, not mine.

"Damn, I gotta go into to work by 7:00AM tomorrow. Two sick calls today." she said disgusted.

"Well you need all the money you can get with college coming sweetie," I said encouraging her. "How long are you working?"

"I was 11:00 to 4:00, now 7:00-4:00," sighed Amanda.

"And I leave for the airport at 2:00 and working from home until then. I guess I won't get to see you much before I leave. I'll get up and get you some breakfast before you go." I said trying to help.

"Thanks Daddy," she said a little happier.

I kept my eyes fixed to the screen and after the show we all went to bed. I could not help stealing a glance at Jackie's exposed legs as she drifted into the guest room.

"Good night Ladies," I said as they closed their doors.

I lay there for a while mind jumping from Jackie's panties to her soapy tits to Eric's spewing cock, trying to quell the madness of it all. Eventually I dozed until the rude awakening of a 5:30AM alarm.

I got things ready in the kitchen and as Amada rolled out at 6:00, I hit her with eggs, bacon and toast. She ate, then rolled into the shower and was out the door by 6:30.

After she rolled out I thought about, going back to sleep for an hour, but thought better of it. As I showered the visions of yesterday's shower with Eric and Jackie's shower cam, flashed in my head again. "Gramma, Gramma, Gramma," I told myself. 

I got dressed and checked my work e-mails as the eight O'clock hour rolled around. I wondered if Jackie was stirring yet and brought up the webcam for the guest room. She was on the bed, laying on her belly, looking at her laptop. I should just about make out the screen, but the angle was a little too steep to see it clearly. My best guess was someone masturbating.

"Probably me," I thought disgusted with myself. 

I watched as she lay, legs bent at the knees, ankles crossed, slowly rocking her feet forward and back. Her pajama T nestled subtly into her ass crack barely covering her white undies, again leaving the mind to wonder if she had panties on at all. My cock stirred yet again, as I pictured my hand sliding slowly under the pajamas, caressing her silky ass.

I clicked off the web cam and made a call to work, reviewing with the department secretary the plans for the day and checking for messages. I heard the door open to the guest room as I spoke to Trina. A moment or two later, the toilet flushed, and that door opened. I hung up as Jackie, stuck her head around the corner of my bedroom door. She looked awfully gorgeous for having just woken up.

"Good morning," she said groggily. 

"Good morning sweetie. Can I get you some breakfast?" I asked calmly.

She stepped fully in front of the door, revealing her silky-smooth legs. "I think I'm ok thank you. Your kettle corn must have carried over. Thank you though," she said smiling and looking through me with her deep brown eyes. "Let me know if there's is anything I can do for you Mr. Robertson. Anything at all..."

I wiggled uncomfortably, looking at her legs. 

"Is everything ok Mr. Thompson?" she asked sincerely.

"Yes, why do you ask?"

"I don't know, you seem a little nervous and distracted. Are you worried about Amanda, starting college?" she asked stepping closer. 'You know she loves you very much, and she's only going to school 30 minutes away. She worries about what happens if she ever moves out. She's afraid, you'll be lonely." 

She stopped just a few feet away. She raised her right arm and drug her right thumb and forefinger from her forehead back pulling her long dark hair off her face. As she did her T shirt drifted up dangerously high. My eyes darted down and did not see any sign of panties, and there was not a lot of excess pajama hem past her lady parts. 

"You're such a good father Mr. Robertson. You've sacrificed so much... we both want you to be happy..."

Her brown eyes were hypnotic as she looked down at me frozen in my desk chair. 

"If there is every anything I can do to help, just ask... Anything at all," she said, leaning down.

She grabbed my cheeks with both hands and leaned in. I began to tremble a little as she kissed my forehead, and my eyes followed the valley between her ample breasts. Her skin looked so soft...

She stood up and turned, the curve of her ass silhouetted in the light from my desk. As she walked to the door, she used both hands to collect her hair and pulled it into a pony tail. Her pajama T rose up revealing the bottom of her ass cheeks, with a subtle smiling crease under each and quick glimpse of her labia peeking through... No panties. 

I sat there, cock stiff in disbelief. "Get control please," I told myself.

"Ok, if I take a shower Mr. Robertson, or do you need me for anything?" she yelled from down the hall.

"Ok, go ahead," I said half squeaking. 

As she showered I went to the kitchen, the bathroom door cracked, when I went by. I could not help peeking in, but the shower curtain was drawn. I fantasized about stepping in and washing every inch of her sweet sexy body. 

It was a long morning, but I kept control and she got on her way about 11:30. I stayed in my room doing work e-mails and keeping clear of temptation. After she left I realized I had left my cell phone in the kitchen and checked it. It was low on charge with no texts from magical cock boy. I put it on charge, so it would be ready for my flight. 

Then, I texted Amanda.

Me: Hope all is well, I miss you sweetie.

Amanda: Yep, been busy. I will miss you. Hurry home. (She sent a picture of store room racks of pallets and boxes, she had apparently helped unload.)

Next, I sent a text to Eric. 

Me: Leaving town, please hold up your end.

Eric: Of course. Do you owe me a dollar yet?

Me: No!

Eric: It's classic transference Porn Hound. Anal lesbian porn addiction. You are clearly crying out for this in your ass. Have you ever cum with a cock in your ass Porn Hound? You'll never be the same.

Another picture was attached. I did not respond. His cock head was oozing a huge dollop of pre-cum that had begun to run down the ridge of skin from the cleft of his dickhead. I reached in and pulled out my hard-on and milked the pre-cum that had been leaking all morning. I found myself scooping it up with my fingers and sucking it off. It was creamy sweet. 

"Stop it!" I yelled to myself shoving my cock back in my pants.

I managed to keep myself distracted as I travelled but when I got to the hotel room that night I found my thoughts drifting back to my darker places. 

The soft heat of his cock on my face... "Stop! Think of something else," I told myself.

Sliding my cock between her silky tits..."Stop! She's too young."

Hot cum shooting on my face. "Stop! Think of something else."

Yanking up her pajama T. "Stop! She's too young!"

I needed some relief, so I went to my porn sites. I went for the usual anal section but a pic of a man sucking a she-male's cock caught my eye. I scrolled further to a pic of a man on his knees sucking another man's big cock. I hit the video preview and my dick stiffened as he took him deep. The preview of course ended before climax. 

"This is not helping! Do some work and go to sleep." I convinced myself.

As I started doing some work e-mails, it hit me. I did not even think to call the family therapy clinic! "What kind of father would forget something like that?" I asked myself. "A porn obsessed perve!" 

I had spent the entire day thinking of fucking my daughter's bestie or cumming in the shower with Eric, but not one thought of the therapist, for my porn obsessed daughter!

My heart racing, stomach churning and head spinning. I knew sleep would not come anytime soon. So, I went down to the hotel bar, just in time for last call.

"Three shots of Jack," I said to the attractive African American female bar tender.

She wore a pair of tight black pants, white long-sleeved blouse and black vest that conformed nicely to her sizable boobs. When she turned to pour the drinks, she revealed a firm round ass that made me cringe with painful lust at the thought of sliding my cock into her beautiful ass.

I could not stop staring to the point an older lady that was at the bar when I arrived, looked at me, shook her head in disgust and left. I quickly downed my shots and returned to my room. 

Unable to control my thoughts I decided to give in to my weakness, and make myself cum. If I took the edge off I could hopefully clear my head enough to sleep. I had a full schedule all week and needed to be able to focus.
