 Summary of Previous Chapters. The Day After Series is the follow up to Horny on Halloween. After a crazy night on Halloween, Ryan finds himself juggling several guys in his life. While Graham's away on business, Chase convinces Ryan that they should continue to mess around behind their significant other's backs. Joey continues to blackmail Ryan, but takes it a step farther than maybe even Joey ever wanted. Travis pretends that nothing ever happened but is there more to that story?

*****

The Day After: Part 3

The day after, I woke up later than usual. I needn't even look at the clock to know that I was running late. I looked down at my crotch which was rockhard from some dream I couldn't remember. The head of my dick had made its way through the front hole of Joey's boxers. I wished I had the time to knock one out before heading to work but I didn't even have time to shower. I changed into a dark blue suit, brown shoes and brown belt opting for a grey sweater vest rather than a tie. 

I made it to work, pretty pleased with how my love life, or sex life rather, was panning out. I had given two straight men, delicious blow jobs. Each one of them was attractive, in their own right. One, Chase, was my best friend - He was 26, tall, muscular, with brown hair, a hairy chest, and a friendly, if not jovial, demeanor. We were totally at ease with each other and I had finally unleashed the sexual tension I had been bottling up for him for over seven years and he was everything that I imagined and more. 

The other, Joey, was fresh out of high school, short to average height, and lean body with blond hair, a smooth chest, and a serious intimidating way. He always kept me on edge and the feeling it gave me was scary at times. Like many young men, you could feel the testosterone pouring out of him with power, aggression, and sexuality. He had no job, no responsibilities, and couldn't give two fucks about the world - let alone me.

If I had anything to complain about these days it would be that I was finding it increasingly hard to concentrate. Also, I was finding it progressively difficult to refrain from getting an erection at any given moment of the day. 

Thankfully I had arrived to work on time and went through my day as usual. I went to meet with Chase at the bench outside for his 10:30am break. I saw him as I opened the door to the courtyard, his eyes immediately turning to meet mine as a smile grew widely across his face. I wondered if this was how Chase always smiled at me or if this was a different, telling kind of smile. And if it were, would anyone notice?

He was standing by a group of picnic tables talking to a couple of guys who were seated at one. As I got there, the seated gents roared into laughter apparently at something Chase had said. One of the guys waved acknowledging me as the others continued with what they were doing without notice. 

I walked towards a picnic table two tables down as not to encroach on their space. I had kicked my legs over the bench as my legs found a spot under the table and my elbows rested over it. Chase ended his conversation and took a seat right beside me on the bench, though he had sat opposite of me so that his legs were sticking out away from the table as he leaned back and rested the back of his elbows on the table behind him. 

"Well, look who finally came to break time," Chase said jokingly. "I guess I must've done something right yesterday, huh?" he said with a half grin teasing me. 

"I'm pretty sure that I'm the one who deserves all the credit," I said in a whisper. 

Chase smiled wide eyed and opened his mouth at me as if he was nonverbally asking me, "is that so?" He let out a laugh and a coy grin before saying, "Well I guess I'll have to figure out a way to repay you," as he used his elbow to push into mine. I lifted my head in his direction as both of us pondered what that might be. He was so sexy leaned back soaking in the warm November rays that seemed to be fighting with the chill of the Autumn breeze.

"For real though, I'm stoked about this weekend. It'll be nice to get away from the city. Annie's got a bunch of girls coming over for some of that make up shit they're always selling and I just don't think I can take much more of it for a while. I'm gonna bring the canoe out and everything so we can float and fish - the whole shebang. We can play cards, get wasted, eat all day, do some hiking - sky's the fucking limit!" he said as he again elbowed me physically reinforcing his excitement.

"You sure I don't need to bring anything?" I asked, "I can bring a tent too if you don't have an extra one."

"What the fuck are you talking about Ryan? Why would we sleep in different tents," he asked slightly annoyed. "How're you gonna suck on my dick yesterday and think that I'm gonna waste my time jerking off in separate tents?" he said half serious, half joking but certainly a little too loud. I looked around the break area to see if anyone had noticed but no one seemed to or at lease didn't care what we were talking about.

"Yeah, yeah - okay, I was just offering." 

"Well you better think of other things to offer me or else it's going to be a long weekend!" he said as he got up and chuckled his way back to the building. I turned my head to watch his ass shimmy away as he made his way to the door. Even if it weren't for the show his ass had given me, I would still be left at the bench rock hard thinking of the camping trip we'd be taking tomorrow. I sat there awkwardly trying not to make eye contact or seem creepy as I let my dick shrink to a manageable size. I readjusted myself before I made my way back to the office. 

I worked the remainder of the day, tooling away until the clock struck 5:00 and I was out the door before it hit 5:01pm. I sped home excited to get the day over with just to get that much closer to tomorrow - that much closer until I was alone with Chase in the woods.

When I got back up to my apartment, I started packing a bag with everything I thought I might need. I packed it full of the fundamentals: head lamp, bug spray, lube, my hammock, deodorant, soap, towel, sleeping bag, fishing pole, and so on. I started to pack clothes and was trying to ride that fine line between what I'd wear around my best friend and what I'd wear to look sexy. I brought black boxer briefs, and a pair of light blue briefs I had. Tank tops, tight purple v-neck tee, long johns, soccer shorts, and some tight jeans, socks and so on. 

The next day I went to work excited to get the day over with so Chase and I could hit the road. We met at our lunch break, but this time we met in the parking lot so I could throw my bags into his 4-runner. He walked me back to my office as our break ended, and before we parted ways I grabbed his wrist, a little too nonchalantly, and told him that I was excited. He smiled and continued strutting down the hallway back to his corner of the building. I walked back into my office practically skipping.

Ding. My phone went off a few minutes later. It was a text message. I opened up the message and Chase's hard dick was staring back at me with his face in the background. By the looks of the tiles behind him, I could tell he had just taken this in the company bathroom. The text message read: "I'm excited too!" It was all I could take not to run straight to the bathroom and jump on him. But I didn't, I sent him a smiley face and spent the rest of the day literally watching the clock tick. 

After my work day was finally done, I ran to the exit of the building, slowing down once I got to the parking lot as not to seem too eager. I walked to Chase's 4- runner and opened the door to see that he again had already changed out of his uniform. He was in a long sleeved grey V-neck shirt that showcased his physique and hair springing from his chest. He wore straight fit blue jeans with holes worn through the knees and a trucker hat from a local brewery.

I hopped in to the seat beside him and felt jealous that I hadn't thought to change at work. He turned the key in the ignition as the engine revved and the music started to blare. He threw his hand onto my knee and said, "You ready or what?"

"Let's do this," I said as I smiled back. 

He moved his hand from my leg to the stick shift and we were off. He told me about his day and a project that he and Travis were working on as he made his way too the freeway.

"How's Travis doing," I asked?

Chase looked at me coyly and said, "You mean how's his dick doing?"

"No, shut up! I was just asking 'cause... well, I haven't, like, spoken to him since... well, since last weekend. I saw him walking through the hallway and he... I don't know, he didn't even say what's up."

"Yeah, I don't know. Seems fine to me. Although I did tell him that I was coming out here with you and then he got weird and didn't talk to me all day. I told him he should come out for a day or something but he just got up and left. Come to think about it, I didn't see him again for the rest of the day. I don't know. He's like pretty small town folk, Republican, macho man - recovering redneck - the whole thing must've fucked him up. But you guys were never friends or anything anyhow, right?"

"Yeah, I was just wondering anyway," I said lying, hoping to end the conversation.

"Well, it's just me and you kid. You think we'll manage?" he asked.

I rolled my eyes playfully and said, "Uh yeah - I think we'll figure something out."

As Chase sped down the highway, I unbuckled my seatbelt and crawled my way towards the backseat where my bag was. I stopped midway after I found my bag, leaving my ass and legs behind me in the front part of the truck. I felt Chase's hand on my ass squeezing my cheeks as I searched through the bag. "That's it baby. Look at that fucking hot ass! It's all mine this weekend! I can't wait to tear into that thing," he finished as he gave me a hard slap and started chuckling. 

I made my way back up to the front seat with my bag in tow as I fell back into my seat. I looked over at Chase who had a huge grin on his face and had progressed to laughing out loud at his forwardness. 

"What?" he asked coyly - "if you don't want me to grab it than you shouldn't shove it in my face."

"Who says I didn't want you to grab it?" I flirted back as we laughed at the exchange.

I dug through my bag and pulled out a light blue tank top and my jeans which I threw on the dashboard. I zipped up my bag and tossed it into the backseat behind me. I tore off my tie and unbuttoned my shirt, pulling one arm out after the other leaving me shirtless in the passenger seat. I took my shoes off, then my socks before I leaned my seat back, oblivious that Chase's eyes were on my every move. I stretched out over the seat and lifted my pelvis as I pulled my pants off of me revealing my black boxers. I kept them on, throwing the rest of my worn clothes to the back to meet my bag. 

I started to grab for the fresh set of clothes on the dashboard in front of me when Chase grabbed me by the wrist and said, "Aren't you forgetting something?" as he looked down at my boxers. 

"Oh these ol' things," I said as I took my thumbs under the waistband of my black boxers and started to lift them up and let them fall back down teasing Chase beside me. His eyes carefully followed my fingers as I finally took the boxers off and let them rest at the floorboard. 

"Let me see those," Chase demanded as he held out his hand to retrieve them. I bent my naked body as I reached down to grab my black boxers and handed them over as requested. I watched him carefully to see what he had planned when suddenly he rolled his window down, quickly throwing my underwear into the wind. 

"What the fuck was that for?!" I asked as I turned around in my seat to see my boxers hit the road disappearing behind us. 

"You won't be needing those," Chase stated without hesitation. I started to explain how fucked up that little move was when Chase began to search through his bag behind me. Without letting his eyes leave the road in front of us, he successfully retrieved a small bag, handing it to me as he brought it up to us. "I got you something for the weekend - something special to celebrate."

"What is it?" I asked.

"Just open it!"

I pulled out a small piece of clothing out of the bag and inspected it in my hand as Chase watched on enthusiastically. I took one side of the fabric in one hand and the opposite side in the other. It was a small pair of underwear resembling panties. "Chase, I told you I wasn't going to wear panties every time we were together."

"Shut up, dude! They're not panties. It's a thong - for men. Look there's even a little pouch to hold your junk," he added as he pointed to the front of the pink thong in my hands. It was hot pink, and was soft to the touch as I inspected it further to ensure it was in fact for men. "Put it on," he said impatiently. I looked over at him unsure of what to do when he concluded, "Don't be rude, Ryan! I think you're going to look fucking banging in it and I wanted you to look good and feel special this weekend."

I took the thin fabric and placed my legs into the leg holes of the thong. I let the pink thong roll up my body as I placed my exposed package into the expandable pink fabric that pushed my junk tightly in place directly in front. I lifted myself up as the back of the thong string rested against my crack leaving a small hot pink triangle at the top of my ass behind me. I looked down at the foreign clothing when Chase interrupted my train of thought.

"You look fucking hot!" he said. I looked over to see this excited expression on his face as if to signify that his weekend had officially started. I looked down at his jeans and it was clear that it was not only his face that was excited to see me in the new thong. "Do you feel hot in them," he asked.

In that moment looking at his excited face and his bulging crotch, I did feel hot in them. I rubbed my growing wrapped-in-pink bulge and moaned as I replied, "I feel so sexy Chase!"

He grabbed the inside of my leg and started to rub up the inside of my thigh when he suddenly took his hand off of me completely. I looked up at him to see what was wrong when he stated, "You're hair is growing back. It's kind of prickly."

"Sorry," I said not really knowing how to fix that as my hair had just started to grow back after shaving for Halloween. 

"Oh no worries," Chase said. "I brought my razor." I looked at him realizing that he wanted me smooth and he wasn't really concerning himself with how I felt about the matter. I grabbed my pants and pulled them over my loose fitting jeans and looked down to see that my thongs poked out on top of them. Chase noticed this too and smiled at the way they fit on me. 

Chase then turned down a gravel road and we bumped along as we slowly made our way to a secluded camp site. I surveyed the campsite in these last hours of daylight as I opened the door to the parked four runner. Chase did the same. The river was within sight of where we'd be sleeping and added a nice babbling brook sound to the scenery. Fall had set in and the aspen leaves were golden yellow, almost glowing to the sun as it reached for the horizon. 

I helped Chase unpack the truck. He grabbed the cooler first as he grabbed himself a beer and tossed me another, effectively getting his first priority out of the way. He then grabbed a couple of camp chairs, some wood, the tent, and our bags. Chase had thrown everything into a pile onto the ground close to the fire ring beside us. 

I bent over to retrieve the tent bag when Chase came up behind me, sliding his cold hand down my pants, the points of his fingers following the lining of my pink g-string that outlined my crack. I jumped to attention, both because he startled me and because his hand, cold from his beer bottle, sent shocks up my spine. As I stood up, Chase grabbed me from behind and pulled me into him. "I really like seeing your pink panties coming through your jeans," he shared. 

"Shut the fuck up, they're not panties! Hell I might throw 'em away anyhow!" I said as I carried the tent over to a flat spot in the campground annoyed that he kept calling them panties. We set up the two man tent in silence and threw in the pillows and sleeping bags. We returned to the fire ring, where I set up the chairs and Chase started a fire helping to make up for the missing light the disappearing sun had once provided. We drank a couple more beers as we ate the brats that Chase had made us. We sat there for a while in silence, watching the fire dance in front of us. 

What once would've been comfortable silence between bros was now, at least for me, full of doubt and question. Why weren't we fucking? Was Chase mad about the panties argument? How long until he said something? What if he changed his mind? What if he changed his mind about wanting to be my friend?

Chase was obviously not thinking the same questions as he broke up my train of thought by saying, "So we should tend to that hair issue." Then without adding anything further he left for his truck, returning with shaving cream, a razor, and a jug of water. "Take off those jeans," he commanded as he positioned his chair to where he was facing me. I stood up and took my jeans off without question, throwing them to the side away from the fire. "Turn your chair to face me before you sit down," he added. I complied.

I sat there almost entirely naked staring at my best friend, fully clothed across from me. His face flickered to the fire that glowed beside us. He grabbed my foot and placed it on the chair space left between his legs. He took the shaving cream and lathered it into my shin and calves. I looked on as this grown man shaved my legs carefully between swigs of beer. He finished the lower half of my left leg and then exchanged it for the right, proceeding to shave the other with equal precision. 

He asked me to stand up in front of him and after I did, he used his hands to motion that I should spread my legs apart. After complying, he proceeded to lather the inside of my thigh and the outside of my legs. The feeling was erotic as I stood in front of Chase as he began to shave me. I could feel my cock start to grow in my tightening thong as he sat directly eye level with it. 

"Did you know that hot pink is one of my favorite colors," Chase said from between my legs ending the silence and slightly calming the eroticism of the moment. "The first girl I ever had sex with was wearing hot pink panties. God she was so gorgeous in those!" he added as he remembered the flashback. "Sometimes, Annie asks me to wear panties when we're fucking around. The only ones I'll wear are her pink ones. It really turns me on to see that color and I guess that's why I bought them for you. I just wanted this to be perfect but you don't have to wear anything you're uncomfortable in. You know, you're my bud."

Instantly feeling bad about what I had said earlier, I fell to a squatting position in front of Chase using his knees to hold me up as I looked into his sparkling eyes. "Chase, I fucking love them! I love them even more that I know how special they are to you! I want to wear them all weekend!"

"You promise," he asked.

"Yes," I promised as I smiled and gave him a quick kiss on the lips. 

"Good," he affirmed before telling me to stand up so he could finish. He finished shaving the entirety of the front of my upper legs he pulled the crotch of my thongs down to show that I had already taken care of that region of my body. He spinned me around and shaved the rest of me before spraying a dollop of cream on my taint rubbing it up to my asshole. He proceeded to shave the rest of me so that I was as smooth as a baby's behind. 

"All done," he said before he grabbed me by the hips and brought his lips to my left ass cheek giving it a longing peck. He did the same with my right cheek and then slapped me playfully on the rump. "Grab me a beer from the cooler baby," he said as he patted his jeans as if he was brushing any stray hairs off of him. 
