 The crickets chirped noisily in the background as if they were trying to drown out the frogs that were croaking by the river. My ears seemed to remember where I was before the rest of me did. I opened my eyes to another morning hidden in the woods. My eyes quickly diverted from the greenery around me and back to my best friend that lay sleeping beneath me. 

I had been with Chase a handful of times now, but this was the first time that I woke up to him, or with him. I didn't move a muscle. I didn't want to wake him. I just sat there with my head on his chest and let my eyes meet the hairs on his body glittering golden from the sunrays speckling through the foliage of the trees around us. My ears drowned out the forest orchestra and honed in on the beat of his heart pulsing beneath me. My whole body traveled lightly up and down with every breath he inhaled and exhaled. My fingers focused on the feeling of his hard stomach as my arm wrapped gently tighter around him. My legs realized the warmth and size of his legs as my nose took in the man I had always wanted. 

I could lie like this forever and at least for now, I intended to. I continued to soak him in quietly without movement when I felt Chase's arm from underneath and behind me make its way to my shoulder. With the lightest touch, his fingers explored my shoulder and then traveled down my back. It was the slightest touch but it sent waves of electricity through my whole body. 

I lay still as not to interrupt him. His hand made his way back up and back down the length of my naked body as he continued to send shivers through my spine. His hands were rough but he felt perfect as he gently caressed me. His hand made its way up my neck and to my head as he softly glided his fingers through my hair. The feel of his hand through my neck exposed a sensitive spot that quickly eliminated all efforts to imitate sleep. I softly moaned uncontrollably to the feelings Chase was conjuring through his fingertips.

"You up?" he asked still caressing my hair. 

I shifted my head slightly in his direction, careful not to leave his chest and the position I was trying to hold on to. "Sort of," I said.

"Sorry babe -- I wasn't trying to wake you," he said.

"Chase, I don't mind being woken up like this," I responded as I lifted my head to look into his eyes to better convey the truth in what I was saying.

He smiled back at me as his blue eyes stared into mine. Without notice, he lifted his shoulders up from the ground and locked lips with mine. I didn't care about morning breath, I didn't care about dry mouth, I cared about nothing besides his lips dancing with mine. My eyes closed as we continued to kiss under the morning sky. I opened my eyes and found Chase's eyes staring back at me. He looked startled as if I had caught him in a private moment. He quickly pulled away and looked away, leaving me longing for his lips, and his golden hairs, and his heartbeat, and his fingertips.

He quickly got up and made his way to the truck as I took in the sight of his bare body walking away from me. He made his way to the other side of the car where I could no longer see him and shortly after came back fully dressed in a hoody and jeans. Chase made his way towards the tent and as he passed me he said, "We should probably get headed back soon," without bothering to look at me while he said it. 

"What do you mean?" I asked. "We've got all day -- we could fish, or go for a hike or whatever," I offered desperately trying to collect every extra second with him that I could. 

"Ryan, we both have to work tomorrow and anyways we've been out here for two days already. I'm kind of over it." 

"Over it," I thought. Over camping? Or over me? What the fuck just happened? How did I go to having one of the best mornings of the year to one of the shittiest? I watched him for seconds into minutes hoping to meet his eyes as if a quick gaze would be all it would take to fix whatever this was. But he never looked at me. He continued to break down the tent with purpose as I lay on the ground alone. 

I suddenly felt naked, partly because I was and partly because Chase's actions had left me vulnerable. I had given myself over to my friend in a way that I had never thought possible. I trusted him to be vulnerable and I was ultimately left there alone, naked on the ground. I sat up and wrapped myself tightly with the blanket before lifting myself off the ground. I looked once more at Chase who continued to face me with his back.

As I made my way to the truck I tried to figure out what had happened, what I could do, or say to recapture this weekend. I changed into my jeans, a shirt, and jacket to make up for the naked feeling that had enveloped me as the thoughts of what was happening overwhelmed my mind and I started to tear up. This wasn't what was supposed to happen. We were supposed to stay the same or become better. What had we done?

We continued like that for the rest of the morning. We gathered our things in silence as my eyes continued to meet the back of him as if he were physically trying to separate me from the world. I just wanted to hug him and lay with him and joke around with him but felt powerless. We finished packing the truck and sat in our respective seats in the front of the truck. The body language between us was palpable as if we were both trying to increase the distance between us, our whole bodies practically straddling the door closest to us. 

We drove down the gravel road and I alternated staring out the window and down at my phone, checking for service. For the most part, I had stopped looking at him because it was getting harder and harder to find him ignoring me. Occasionally when I couldn't bare the tension I would look his way to see if something had changed. I finally broke down and said, "Chase -- we should talk," trying desperately to hide the desperation in my voice. 

"Ryan, I have a headache," he responded shortly and sharply. The tone and seriousness of his words punched me in the gut as I realized Chase had never talked to me like that. I felt tears come back to me as I looked out the window to hide them from him as they traveled down my cheek. 

The silence was deafening but quickly interrupted by a symphony of beeps and vibrations as our phones competed to see who had collected the most alerts. We were apparently back in cell range. I collected myself and looked down at my phone for a welcome distraction. Emails, voicemails, texts. Within seconds we were literally brought back to reality. Graham had left me loving voicemails saying how much he missed me and text messages with cute tent and camping emojis. I realized quickly that Chase was probably getting similar communication from Annie. 

I felt confused, and guilty, and sad, and conflicted, and I wondered if Chase was feeling the same way. I would never know as Chase apparently forgot that I existed. I didn't know how I felt or how I was supposed to feel or if it was even worth trying to figure out. I looked through the rest of my texts. Work... my sister... and then one from Joey. 

"Where the fuck are you?" it read along with a picture of him in my clothes as he lay on my couch, again uninvited. I read the time stamp and it was sent yesterday at 7:00pm. Jesus, I did not need this right now. What the fuck was I going to do about him? Hopefully he wouldn't be there. God how did this day so quickly spiral out of control?

I put my phone down and resigned myself to the current reality as it seemed the better option between facing the guilt I was feeling for Graham or facing the shitshow that is Joey. We rode down the highway and into the city in silence. Chase made his way to my apartment and left the car running as he parked momentarily so that I could leave. 

I looked at him again to meet him looking at absolutely nothing in front of him. I opened the door and let myself out. I opened the backdoor before closing the front because I wasn't certain that he wouldn't speed away before I was able to gather my things. I collected my belongings that were scattered throughout the backseat and into my bag before throwing it over my shoulder. My hand grasped onto the edge of the door as I leaned in and said with a certain amount of hope "I had a really good time, Chase. I guess I'll see you tomorrow?"

Without looking at me or even moving his head he coldly stated, "Yeah maybe -- actually I don't think I'll be able to meet up for break -- I got something else going on tomorrow."

I scoffed noticeably angry now with how I was being treated and reaffirmed by want for the last word. "Oh, yeah! Totally! You must have so much going on. Really fucking cool, Chase. Really cool -- not obvious at all. Maybe we just take a break from all fucking breaks for a while. You know, because there's just so much fucking going on." I retorted back before slamming the door behind me. 

What a fucking joke! I was furious. Who the fuck did he think he was? What the fuck was wrong with him? I walked towards my building without looking back though I could see that he was still parked there through the reflection in the window panes of my building. Now it was him who was looking at me, my back pointing in his direction. That fucking felt so empowering.

Emboldened by his attention, I swung open my building's door with gusto in a final show of anger. It felt good to know he was finally paying attention but I was still pissed. I marched towards the elevator and down the hall to my apartment. I keyed into my flat and let the bag fall to the floor. It was nice to be home where I could settle down and relax. But, there would be no relaxing. I walked into my living room to find a mess of beer bottles and food and cigarette butts. 

I thought the apartment was otherwise empty as I surveyed the mess in the living room when I heard Joey speak from the hallway behind me. "Where the fuck have you been?" I heard him say seconds before he pushed me roughly from behind.

I turned around and Joey was naked except for my robe he again helped himself to. "What the fuck did you do to my house?" I yelled.

"Ooooh, somebody's mad!" he said mockingly before raising his voice. "But this isn't 20 fucking questions bitch! Where the hell have you been?" he shouted back as he positioned himself directly in front of me. 

"You need to get the fuck out of here," I retorted standing my ground enforced with the anger that was building up inside me.

"I'm not going anywhere, bitch. You know the deal," Joey spit back. 

In that moment, the weight of the day was too much to bear. All the rage and anger and disappointment and vulnerability made its way to my hand as my arm carried my clenched fist to Joey's right jaw. Joey's face, completely caught off guard, swung back involuntarily. As his face came back to his original position, I took the opportunity to kick him square in his exposed dick. He fell to the floor in the fetal position in front of me as I towered over him.

I straddled his bare stomach and I continued to punch his face in unhindered rage - my knuckles repeatedly making contact with his young face. My hands were splattered with blood and I couldn't tell if it was mine or his and at that moment I didn't care. I stopped punching his swollen face as I brought my hands down and clenched his throat. I brought my face to his as he tried to look at me through his swollen eye. "You listen to me motherfucker, if you ever let yourself into my house or show anyone any fucking picture I will fucking kill you! I will fucking beat you to fucking death! Do you fucking understand me?" My hands were gripped so tightly around his neck that all of his efforts were focused on grasping for air. No words left his mouth but I could see by the look in his eye that he heard what I was saying.

Just then, I felt two hands on my shoulders lifting me up off of Joey. 

"What the fuck?" It was Chase who had come up to my apartment. Why was he here? "What the fuck is going on? Who the fuck is this?" he asked frantically as he pointed to Joey with one hand and threw me on the couch with his other one. 

"It's my piece of shit neighbor."

"What the fuck is he doing here and why are you beating the shit out of him." Joey writhed in pain on my living room floor as Chase continued to interrogate me. "Why the fuck is he naked? What the fucking fuck is going on, Ryan?"

"He's been blackmailing me," I shouted back. 

"What?" Chase responded unable to comprehend what I had said.

"I was fucking locked out of my apartment after Halloween and they had a spare key and he made me take stupid pictures just to get the key from him and I was in that fucking dress and looked like a fucking crack whore. He's been letting himself in ever since and treating me like shit and forcing me to do shit."

"What? Forcing you to do shit?" Chase repeated. He directed his attention to Joey. "Is this fucking true," he shouted at the beaten version of Joey that lay at his feet.

"Of course it's fucking true -- look at this fucking place. You just dropped me off -- what do you think I invited him over to beat the shit out of him," I yelled back.

Chase kicked Joey in the stomach swiftly with his boot. Joey let out a painful moan as if the new sensation was worse than anything he had previously been dealt by me. Chase jumped on top of Joey and started to strangle him exactly where I had left off. Reality quickly set in as I was now an onlooker instead of a participant. Joey was my neighbor. I couldn't get Chase involved in this. I quickly pulled Chase off of Joey in the same manner that he had just rescued Joey before. 

"Chase don't -- you're going to fucking kill him," I pleaded. I placed my body in between the two men physically keeping them apart. Chase got up to his feet and then spit directly into Joey's face and said, "If you ever fuck with him again -- you are fucking dead! Get the fuck out of here now before I finish the fucking job."

Joey didn't respond. He lay there trying to comprehend the unexpected events of his otherwise lazy day. 

"Joey, you need to get out of here, now," I said as I helped to lift him up. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean for this..."

"What the fuck are you apologizing for? Why are you helping him?" Chase asked me before redirecting his words at Joey. "If you don't get the fuck out of here right now I am going to literally beat the living shit out of you." With that, Joey fumbled to a kneeling position and then finally made it to his feet. Completely defeated, Joey left limping out of my doorway. 

"Why the fuck didn't you tell me this was happening?" Chase demanded as he paced the living room around me as I remained kneeling on the floor. 

As I rose up my anger levels rose too. "Oh yeah, like you're so fucking easy to talk to, right? Like you're just always open to a fucking productive conver-fucking-sation, right? Like you even give a fucking shit?"

"What the fuck are you talking about? 'I don't give a shit!' I'm fucking here aren't I? Of course I fucking give a shit about you!" Chase screamed directly into my face. 

"Oh yeah, is that why 20 minutes ago you were planning on shutting me out of your life completely? Is that why you fucking treated me like shit this morning? Is that why you didn't say a fucking word to me because you give so much of a fucking shit? I don't fucking need you anyway, Chase! I can fucking handle myself. You're just fucking my life up!"

"But I don't want you to handle shit on your own. Don't you fucking get it! I'm never going to let you handle this shit on your own."

"Oh yeah, when it's a fucking good time for you! You can't even fucking bring yourself to say good bye. What a fucking joke! You don't give a shit about me. You just wanted to get your fucking dick off and it was worth ruining a friendship over for two days of dumb fucking sex!" I yelled back at him so physically and verbally disgusted by his mood swing.

"I do give a fucking shit, I do give a shit! Are you fucking nuts?" he said as he grabbed my wrists with both of his hands as if that would help him get his point across. His eyes were full of anger and full of rage and he was almost hurting me as his grasp around my wrists tightened. "I was fucked up this morning because... I need time to figure out what the fuck... I think I'm fucking falling for you...What the fuck do you want from me?" 

My eyes and brain and body let the realization of what he was saying sink in. He just stood there; red faced with anger inches from my face and it was all I needed. I kissed him at that moment and he kissed back and as my mouth silenced his words they turned into rage fueling the most passionate kiss he'd ever given me. 

With his hands still around my wrists, he forcefully pushed me into the wall behind me as he continued to violently make out with me. He ripped my shirt off of me exposing my bare chest as he gyrated zealously into my groin. He brought his mouth to my neck and shoulders as he bit into me like a vampire bites into his prey. He grabbed my legs and rearranged them around him as he continued to hump himself into my groin in powerful thrusts as I was lifted off of the ground.

Every movement he made was a thrust of masculinity. It was fucking intoxicating seeing him. That fuckface of his had reached a new level. He carried me over to the dining room table and laid me down along the length of it. He pulled my shoes off and aggressively took the rest of my clothes off as he threw them in all directions of the room. 

He left his clothes on but unzipped his pants pulling out his fully erect member through his boxers. He spit directly onto his dick and rubbed his saliva into his growing tool. I had my knees up and my feet grounded as I lay in front of him on the table top. He grabbed onto my legs, pulled me towards him, and forced me to the edge of the table and at the edge of his dick.

He didn't say anything but spit once more on his dick before entering me and letting my warm hole engulf him entirely in one quick push. As fast as he entered me, he left and then again entered. My loud moans enveloped the room so that Joey and all the neighbors could certainly hear. It felt like the whole house was shaking as the table did its best to stand up to the pounding that Chase was giving me. I grabbed onto the edge of the table to keep myself still as Chase did everything he could to test my strength. 

"I can't fucking deal with this!" he shouted as he continued to fuck me raw. "I fucking love you and it's the best and the worst thing that could ever happen. I've never felt like this, Ryan. What the fuck are we going to do?" The reality of what he was saying was taking me out of the fuckfest but every word seemed to come with a more passionate thrust into my hole like he was taking his anger and frustration out on my ravaged ass. 

"I don't know Chase. All I know is I love you and I love being around you. It killed me thinking you weren't going to talk to me anymore."

With that, he left my hole and climbed on top of the table and on top of me. His face had the most beautiful look on it that I had ever seen. His eyes were searching my soul it seemed as he lowered his masculine sweaty body onto mine. He smiled and went back in for another warm, wet, passionate kiss. I grabbed his whole body with my hands and arms and legs as if I was trying to mold our bodies together like play-doh. 

He broke free against all of my efforts and lowered himself off the table. He grabbed me by the shoulder and legs and carried me into the bedroom with him. He lowered me onto my bed as I watched him hurriedly take off his clothes. He was magnificent and his whole body filled the room as much as the masculine scent of two men who had been camping without showers for a weekend. 

I was lying on the bed and he told me to sit up. I did as he asked and he sat directly in front of me. He moved his legs beneath mine so that they wrapped around my ass and his feet lay at the direct center of my back. He lifted me up a bit as my legs wrapped around him. From this angle I could feel his hard dick against the crack of my empty hole. 
