 As I'm sitting here writing this, I'm still trying to process what happened. My wife is sitting on the couch right now, watching television, oblivious to what is going on. But she sort of started the whole mess, even though she has no idea what happened. 

I'm a normal guy in every way, 47, a professional man, working in my office with normal people all around me. I've worked hard to stay in shape and I'm proud of my physique. I'm 6-2, 190, with grey hair that is still all mine. I'm married, obviously, with three kids who are older and gone. None of them fit into this story, so don't think I'm going down that path. 

It's a cold blustery Saturday when this happened, and my wife had plans to do some work around the house. She didn't need my help and was happier when I just left her alone to do it. But first, she had to go run some errands and get supplies and groceries. And I was just puttering around the house, not really doing anything except checking emails and that kind of stuff. 

When my wife, Janey, got home, she called for me. "Honey! Can you help me carry stuff in? It's kind of heavy!" 

I walked out to her car and saw that she had bought some potting soil and peat moss. That made sense because I knew that she wanted to get some flowers started even though it was still quite cold out. 

I grabbed a bag of peat moss and lifted it. And then I felt a shot of pain in my back that dropped me to my knees. I cried out in pain and called for Janey. "I've done something to my back! Can you help me inside?" 

She carefully helped me up and we slowly made our way inside. She helped me to sit down in the living room and I carefully eased myself back. The pain was subsiding but I knew I was going to need to do something. 

"Do you think you need to go the Emergency Room, John? Is it that bad?"

Well, yeah, it was bad, but I hate doctors and hospitals and wanted to avoid that if I possibly could. I am much more holistic and believe in using alternative medicine first if I can. "Janey, I think I just need to go get a massage. Can you call and see if they have any availability for this afternoon?" 

She brought me some Motrin and a glass of water. I'm into alternative health but I'm not stupid. Kale will only do so much. I took the medicine. "It's Saturday, John. I'll call but I don't think they work on Saturdays." She grabbed her phone and dialed, walking to the other room as she waited. We have a spa that I like to use. I don't go every week or anything, but a few times a year. 

Janey came back in and said, "They aren't open, but they have an emergency number that I called. Jim said that he could get someone to meet you there. Come on, I'll take you now." Jim is the owner. He's a nice guy about my age. I don't know him well but enough to say hi if I see him at a restaurant. The great thing about Jim is that he is very muscular and very strong. I knew that he could work out the pain if anyone could. I'd never had a massage from him, though. I had never had a massage from a man, come to think of it.

I was starting to feel a little bit better by this time. The searing pain had subsided, and I could catch my breath. But I also knew that it wouldn't be better until I got it worked out. 

Finally, I answered Janey. "Honey, you have stuff you want to get done. I don't want you to have to spend your time driving me. I'm well enough that I can make it there on my own." She leaned over and kissed me on the cheek. 

"Are you sure? I really don't mind. But I probably should clean up the peat moss in the garage. The bag split open when you fell."

"I'm so sorry. But yes, I can make it if you'll just help me put on my jacket. How soon will he be there?"

She grabbed my jacket and helped me put it on. "If you leave now and drive slow, he will probably be there by the time you arrive."

"OK, I'll text you when I get there, just so you don't worry. Enjoy your gardening."

I grabbed my keys and went slowly out to my SUV. I knew I couldn't take my two seater because I wouldn't be able to get out of it, but the SUV was high enough that I could just slide in without too much pain. 

The spa is only a few minutes from my house, and I made sure to drive slowly and not make any sudden moves. My back was better but still not that great. I pulled up to the entrance just as Jim was walking out the door. "John, perfect timing. I was just coming out to look for you. Let me help you in. Jesus, man, you must have done a number on your back!" We went inside and he helped me take my coat off. I sent Janey a quick text and followed Jim through the halls.

"Let's go into the therapy room, and you can undress while I go get some extra supplies. Unless you need some help getting out of your clothes?" I stopped suddenly, then just shook my head and he left the room and closed the door. 

Shit. Undress. The pain had made me completely forget. All of a sudden, this massage was going to be the most embarrassing moment of my entire life.

So, I had a dilemma. You see, while Janey had been out running errands, I had gotten a little horny and I had decided to try on a pair of her panties. I didn't do it often, but every once in a while I liked to feel my cock rubbing against the stretchy fabric while I walked around. I had intended to change back into my boxers later that afternoon, but hurting my back had made me forget about all of that. Shit. 

If you were in my situation, what would you do? Leave them on and hope he doesn't notice? Take them off and hope he doesn't notice? Show him and have a laugh together with your straight friend? Fuck.

I decided that I would leave them on and, if he saw them, he saw them. I would make a joke about my horniness and we could share a laugh. So I just quickly undressed and got on the table, wrapping the towel around my hips and hoping. 

Jim came back in soon after, and he started chatting away. I was too preoccupied to care. I was sure that this was not going to turn out well. 

He asked about the pain and just poked around my back, trying to find any sore spots. When he hit it, I jumped and he said, "well, I guess we know where the problem is. Just lie there and relax, and I'll have you doing jumping jacks in no time." He rubbed oil on his hands and started working.

Needless to say, I was tense. My back was getting better but it still wasn't very good. And of course, I am just waiting for him to see my ass with pink panties stretched over the cheeks. It was hard to enjoy the rub. 

But Jim was good and he just talked and rubbed, and the pain slowly started to wear away. I was actually feeling pretty good and had almost forgotten the panties. And then he started working my towel down. Shit. My hips tensed up, my ass tensed up, my back tensed and I was afraid I was going to start spasming again. 

Jim said, "John, are you ok? What's going on? I just need to make sure that your hips are not strained. It's no big deal John. Just because another man touches your hips doesn't mean that you're gay or anything. Relax." And then he felt my panties. His hand stopped and then kind of rubbed over them, like he was trying to figure out what was going on. God, I was so humiliated. 

He pulled his hand back up above the towel and kept chatting away, like nothing had changed. But everything had changed. He knew my secret. Jesus, I only do panties 4 or 5 times a year at most, and I decide to wear them on the one day that I wrench my back. Fuck. How does this happen? 

As I'm laying there thinking and stressing, Jim's hands wander under my towel again. He doesn't stop at the waistband, but starts working on my hips. Massaging the muscles through my panties. The muscles felt good, of course, but the feeling of his strong hands on my panties sent a shock straight to my cock. I almost groaned but held back. 

Jim said, "John, your hips are so tight. Do you mind me rubbing your ass like this? I wouldn't normally do this but I thought it might help your situation." I let out a deep "it's fine" that was more of a groan than anything else. 

"Happy to help. I want you to walk out of this room a new man." As he said it, his thumbs moved closer to my crack and sort of pushed right above my asshole. He didn't spread my ass or anything, but it felt more sexual than therapeutic. I decided that I had to confess before he got the wrong idea. 

"Jim, I guess you noticed the panties. About that, I don't normally wear panties but I tried them on today and I don't know why and, oh God, I'm so embarrassed. Please don't tell anyone about this." 

"Man, if you knew the things that I discover while giving massages. Dude, panties are nothing. Women are always showing me their pussies. Normal women that you would never imagine would do such a thing. And I've had more than one man without underwear who showed me their cocks. Hard, soft, all sort of cocks. I'm immune to that by now. But I have to admit that I never would have imagined you in panties. Do they feel good?" All this time, he's just working my ass over, and the muscles are like jelly. All of the tension and pain is gone, but the massage has also been working my cock into the table. His massage is just grinding my cock with every movement, like he's forcing my hips into fucking. I don't think I'm going to cum, but my God it feels so good. 

"Jim, I'm feeling a lot better. I think you can probably stop and I'll be able to make it, oh fuck." That last part was when his thumb slid over my asshole. It felt like an accident, but it couldn't have been. It was like a shock that went straight to my cock. I was throbbing hard, and there was no way my panties could hold my cock much longer. 

At this point, I tried to get up, even though I knew that Jim would see that I was hard and he would know that he had made me that way. I turned towards him as I tried to get up, and I was staring right at his crotch. His exercise pants were pushed out by the cock inside. He was big, bigger than me certainly, and I'm no slouch in the size game.

The head was pointing to the side, so he wasn't in danger of popping out, but it was obvious that he was also really turned on. I knew Jim was straight, so I thought it was pretty weird that my panties could have an effect on him. He was happily married with kids, just like...me. 

Now, I'm straight. Straight as a board. Seriously, I've never even thought about doing anything with guys. Yeah, I like panties but that doesn't mean that I'm gay. I'm going to go straight home and fuck my wife until she screams. Yeah, that's it. 

Meanwhile, I keep staring at Jim's cock in his pants, and I think I see some precum starting to soak the front. 

He saw me staring. God, there was no way he couldn't notice. I was up on my elbows, but my head was pointed in his direction, only inches from that hard, throbbing piece of meat. And Jim's hands kept driving my hips into the table, rhythmically, like I was shoving my cock deep inside a pussy. Except that there wasn't a pussy below me, and I wasn't doing anything to make it happen. He was doing all of the work. And it felt amazing. 

He stopped for a second, and I almost let out a whine. It felt so fucking good and I didn't want to stop. But I also knew that having a guy rub my cock into a massage table was just weird. 

However, Jim didn't completely stop everything. He just moved his hand so that his thumb could push against my asshole, through my panties. He wasn't trying to penetrate; he just was putting pressure on my ass. I'd never felt anything like that, either, and all of a sudden I wanted more.

I don't know what came over me at that point, but I guess my cock took over my brain. My hand moved over to Jim without me even realizing what I was doing, and I started rubbing his cock through his pants. Now it was his turn to groan. I obviously had done something right. I kept going, and I reached up and pulled down the waistband so that his cock could be free. I've never seen another hard cock in real life, just in porn. But his cock was fucking perfect. He really wasn't that much bigger than me, maybe 7 or 8 inches, but it felt so big when I put my hand around it and started stroking it. He was uncut, so the foreskin was sliding up and down and the head kept coming out. It was hard and red and wet. I was completely focused on watching his cock as I stroked it. 

I kept stroking him, and his hips were starting to pump, meeting my hand with a thrust forward. I doubt that he even knew his hips were moving. His cock was so beautiful. I never imagined that I would be doing this but it felt so right. I wasn't worried about being gay or my reputation in our small town. I just wanted to enjoy Jim's cock. That's all. 

Meanwhile, Jim's hands had pulled the towel off of me, and he moved his hand between my legs and felt my ass and balls from behind. Feeling another man rub my ass was incredible. I instinctively turned so that I was lying on my side, facing him, and he moved so that he could rub my cock through the panties. The front of my panties were soaked and almost transparent, and the head was poking out over the waistband now. It felt so good as he just rubbed his oil-covered hand over the head and the shaft. He wasn't stroking me with his hand wrapped around it, but just rubbing the palm and fingers all over it. It was a gentle cock massage, not hard, not fast, but tender. Such a big man and he was tenderly caressing my cock. He was staring at it, I knew he was. His fingers were moving without his brain being connected to them. The lust had taken over all thought. 

And lust had completely taken over me, because I just leaned over a little closer and took his cock into my mouth. The head and an inch or so of the shaft. It was so hard and so soft in my mouth, and I simply knew that I wanted more. The feeling of power coming from his cock was so intense that I couldn't imagine doing without it ever again. The groan that came from him was guttural, an animal sound that didn't pretend to be about anything but lust. He wanted to breed my mouth, I knew. He wanted to let his cum explode into me and all over me, and I knew that I wanted that too. And I also wanted to cum hard for him, to show him the pleasure that he was giving me. 

I sucked and stroked like I had been doing it for years. The thought of tasting his cum for the first time was overwhelming me. Nothing else mattered except his pleasure. Gay, bi, straight, who the fuck cared? I just knew that I needed to make Jim cum for me. 

But Jim pulled away from me. I was so fucking disappointed, and I thought that I must have misread his signals. I looked up at him and he smiled and pulled off his shirt. "I just want to enjoy this, ok?" I smiled, hell, I grinned, and I nodded. "OK. Me too." 

Finally he was completely naked for me, and he was fucking gorgeous. More muscular than me, yes, but not a bodybuilder. He just looked strong and masculine. His chest was covered in a light fur but I could see the nipples poking through. They were hard and I knew that I would love to suck them. 

I reached down to pull off my panties, but he stopped me. "Not yet, please. They are so hot and you look so good in them. Would you mind if I just rubbed my cock against your ass, just a little bit? I won't go inside, I promise, just rub against you. In response, I laid down again on the table and kind of pushed my ass up to him, my cheeks spreading a little bit and anticipating the feel of his hard body on top of me. 

He moved to the other end of the table, and gingerly climbed on, and I felt his weight start to hover over me. I could feel the heat from his cock as he moved closer to my ass. And then I felt him put his weight down and focus on "fucking" my ass. 

I nearly came. The pleasure of feeling him push against me took me to places I never even imagined. I'm an alpha male, always in charge, and I was giving up that control to another man! He could have ripped off the panties and plowed my ass, and I couldn't have stopped him. I wouldn't have wanted to stop him, because I know the pleasure would have only been more exquisite. 

But he didn't do anything like that. He only acted like we were fucking. And I loved it. His cock was sliding against my panties in my ass crack. Putting pressure on my asshole with every thrust. I wanted him to push the head against my hole. I craved it but I didn't want to make him freak out. And then he just reached down and I felt the head push gently against my hole. Not close to going in, but enough to imagine what kind of lover that he could be. His cock pushed the fabric against my rectum and I groaned and begged him to fuck me. He grabbed my hips and pushed a little harder but still not inside. Just a taste of what it would be like. 

And then Jim moved his cock backed to my crack and starting rocking against me again. "Fuck John, I never imagined anything could be this good. You are so fucking hot." 

I didn't say anything, I just pushed my ass up to meet him. He groaned again and rubbed a little harder.

"God, Jim, I want to feel you inside me. I've never done anything close to this but I know that I want you."

Soon, though, Jim stopped and climbed away. Again, I almost wanted to cry because I didn't want it to end. But he got up and took his weight away, and I felt him lean over to the side. He moved right back and I felt his hands on my ass once again. I felt his hands on the sides of my hips and he was pulling down my panties. I lifted my hips and he slid them all the way off. 

And then I felt warm oil pouring over my ass, trickling down to my hole. He started rubbing his hands all over my ass, including the aching hole. It was amazing, this strong man moving so gently over my skin. 

"God, John, you are so fucking hot. I hope you don't mind if I try this. Stop me any time." I started to protest, but then his hand moved down to my rectum and he slid a finger inside, all the way in one movement. 

"Fuck, fuck, fuck! Oh God, fuck my ass! Plow me Jim! Push it in all the way!" I was beside myself with lust. I had never had anything in my ass, and the feeling was amazing. But then he pulled his finger out, and again I groaned for him. "Roll over onto your back, ok? I'll be gentle, I promise. By the way, your back seems better."

As I turned over and presented my naked body to him, I realized that he was right. I had stopped hurting and I hadn't even noticed. "You are fucking amazing."

He got back between my legs and starting rubbing my asshole again, and I lifted my hips to try and beg him back inside. He smiled and slid his middle finger inside, and I groaned with the pleasure. My cock was absolutely dripping and as hard as it could possibly every be. I swear that it had grown an inch. Jim added his ring finger and I felt my ass stretch to accommodate him. He started rubbing his fingers against my prostate and I felt it with every nerve in my body. He pumped his fingers in and out while he reached up and rubbed my nipple with the other hand. 

By this time, I was thrashing around and incapable of speaking. I just groaned and moaned and begged for him. I wanted his cock inside me, but he wasn't moving that way. He moved up and laid over me, tasting my cock for the first time. I was going to explode soon if he kept going, but he sat back up too soon and knelt between my legs again, and resumed pumping his fingers in and out. 

"Hm, I liked that. More than I thought I would. Was it ok?" I groaned and begged him to fuck me, but he made no move in that direction. But his cock was pulsing in his lap, slick hard and dripping precum. He needed to cum, I knew it. 

And I needed to feel it. I reluctantly pulled away from his fingers, regretting the emptiness as soon as I did. But I had to take care of Jim after all he had done for me. 

He stayed kneeling on the lower end of the table. I climbed off, and I was a little surprised that the table was sturdy enough for us to do this. But it seemed strong, so I hoped it could take a little more. I motioned to Jim to lay down, and he responded, his cock standing hard and proud. I climbed back up between his legs this time, and I dove straight in to take his cock into my mouth. It tasted so good and felt even better than before. I took 3 or 4 inches and sucked hard, and he gasped and lifted his hips up to my mouth. I popped it out and gave it a few strokes. "Will you cum for me, Jim? I want to make you feel so good." He nodded, and looked anxious to get back into my mouth. I went back to work, wanting as much as I could take. I doubted that I could take him down my throat but I wanted to try. I found out that I could only get about 4 inches in my mouth without gagging, but I stroked it and pleasured him as much as I could. He seemed to like it because he was groaning and his cock seemed to get even harder and bigger. 
