 I'd like to share with you my first experience of being a slut. This story is completely true and took place a few years ago when I was 24 years old. It's also an experience that I have yet to better.

In my early twenties I began to be aware that I had a peculiar side to my sexuality. My tastes became kinkier and I began to think about men in a different way. I didn't think I was gay, or even bi, didn't find men sexually attractive and had absolutely no desire to get a boyfriend. Quite the opposite in fact -- I was a dedicated womaniser, and enjoyed nothing more than blowing my load into an eager female mouth, pussy or ass. My girlfriend at the time was sexually adventurous and enjoyed being tied up and used as nothing more than an object to make me cum.

Seeing Sarah on her knees in front of me, dressed as a slut in stockings, cheap satin panties and high heels, hands tightly bound behind her back, deep-throating my cock before begging to taste my cum, started me thinking that I would like to be used in the same way. The more I abused her, the more I wanted to be abused like that.

After several months of jacking off to the thought, I realised that I wouldn't be happy until I tried it myself. With a bit of web searching I managed to find an international gay personals site and signed up. Within a few minutes I had created a profile describing a very specific fantasy of mine and was actually looking for a man to bring it to life for me.

I had a few false starts -- a few guys that were interested in parts of my fantasy, but not all of it; a couple of guys that cancelled at the last minute; I even got cold feet and failed to show a couple of times. Eventually though, after about six months of trying, I found a local guy that was willing to use me in just the way that I had described. Furthermore, we both kept our nerve and showed up at the pre-arranged time and place.

The time was late on a summer's evening while my girlfriend was on holiday with some girl friends and the place was a layby on a quiet country road about two miles from my home.

By this time, I had spent many hours chatting on-line to Steve and had described in tremendous detail exactly what I wanted. My plan was to describe it all up-front so that he could order me around and give me just what I wanted without me having to say a word when I got there.

When I arrived at the layby, he was already there, leaning up against the field gate. So far he was as he had described -- mid forties, balding and very slightly overweight. Not necessarily the most attractive description I know, but he was local, willing to do what I had asked and also had the added attraction, he claimed, of being quite well endowed.

I grabbed my bag of tricks and, without saying a word, followed him twenty or so paces into the field. 

Standing in the field, I started to get a little scared. Not only was I about to have my first sexual experience with a man, a stranger to me, but I had insisted that it was to be an intense experience that, once started, would run the full course that I had planned. Furthermore, the location wasn't quite as secluded as I had thought and, being only two miles from home there was a real chance that someone I knew might drive past and see me tied up and pleasuring an eight inch cock!

But I was there and had been thinking about it so much and for so long that there was no way that I was going to back out.

So, I handed my bag to Steve and almost before I had let go of the handle he barked "Get naked slut!". I froze, slightly shocked by the instruction that I already knew I was going to receive.

I stripped, first my shoes, then my T-shirt, jeans and finally boxer shorts. I was a pathetic looking sight. I had expected to be stood there, aroused and excited with my cock hard and aching for attention, but instead I was scared and my cock had shrivelled with fear. Steve laughed at me and grabbed and squeezed my cock and balls. It was the first time that another man had touched my genitals and I wasn't sure I liked it.

Steve told me to stand with my legs apart and hands behind my head while he unpacked my bag. In the few moments that he took to unpack, layout and study the contents of my bag I stood there, as instructed, with my cock shrinking further.

"Put these on, slut" he ordered as he passed me a bra, a pair of panties and some stockings. The stockings I had bought in the supermarket a few weeks earlier, but the panties were a real treat. I had bought two pairs with me, both freshly stolen from my girlfriend's parents house. I had popped in to say hello to her folks hoping I would get a chance to use their bathroom and raid the laundry basket. I managed to get two pairs -- one belonging to each of my girlfriend's sisters -- Rachel, 19 years old and very slender, and Heather, 21 and a couple of dress sizes larger. Both sisters were quite attractive and both pairs of knickers were still damp when I stole them.

I often used to 'borrow' their knickers -- I found it so much hornier that playing with my girlfriend's -- and would sniff them, wear them and wank in them before sneaking them back into the laundry basket next time I visited. Sometimes the sister's knickers would be sticky with their juices and semen from whichever guy she'd fucked the night before.

I did as I was told and pulled on the stockings first, then the bra and finally the panties. I felt so exposed and humiliated.

Steve stuffed my mouth with the second pair of panties before walking around behind me holding my favourite piece of bondage equipment. It was a thick leather collar that he fastened around my neck, with a thick strap than ran down my spine with a pair of leather cuffs at the end. He tightly fastened each wrist and checked that I couldn't pull me hands free. Next came the ankle cuffs. Again thick leather, but this time with about 50cm of chain hanging from each. He tightened these cuffs around my ankles and then pushed me to my knees. The two chains were then snap-locked to the wrist cuffs so that I was bound, on my knees, hands behind my back with my feet chained to my wrists so that I couldn't get off my knees.

This was my favourite position to tie Sarah in when I wanted my cock sucked. I loved the way that she was completely helpless when tied in this position -- I could push her head down so that she gagged on my cock, or wipe my dick on her face or even make her lick my ass and no matter how much she struggled there was no escape. Now I was in the same position.

"I've got something for you" said Steve as he dropped his trousers to his ankles. And he did. Although he was still fairly soft, his dick was about 5 inches long - mine was only 6 inches when fully hard -- and his was thick too.

After taking the panties from my mouth he grabbed the back of my head he pulled my face towards his manhood. I resisted at first, but, as I had instructed him previously over the internet, he just kept pulling me towards him. After several pushes on the back of my head I gave in and opened wide to take him in my mouth.

It wasn't uncomfortable but my moth felt quite full and yet I knew it was going to get bigger. 

Knowing what was in store for me, I began to regret putting myself in this position. Perhaps my first experience of sucking cock should have been a relaxed one in some guy's bedroom somewhere. But it was too late now.

Strangely, it wasn't unpleasant having this dick in my mouth. It didn't taste of anything, yet, and I wondered why so many of my ex-girlfriends had been so reluctant to suck.

He fucked my mouth slowly at first, just pushing the head and the next inch or so into my mouth. I could feel it getting bigger and harder and I began to enjoy myself more. I started circling the end of his dick with my tongue, pushing the tip of my tongue into his peephole and clamping my lips tightly around it.

It was impossible to tell of course, but he certainly felt every bit of the eight inches that he said he was. And that was while he was still treating me gently.

His thrusts began to get both faster and deeper. I could feel the tip hitting the back of my throat as he pushed it in, making me cough a little. He stopped and withdrew from my mouth to let me cough and smiled at me. I thought it was perhaps a sign of kindness, but I was wrong. It was a sign that he was going to enjoy what was coming next.

So far, he had stuck to every letter of my instruction, so I was fairly sure I knew what was coming next. I was right. After wiping his cock over my face, he pushed it back into my mouth. This time though he just pushed harder when it hit the back of my throat. I coughed again but he kept pushing. His cock was now sliding down my throat. I was struggling for breath but he just kept pushing. After what seemed like an eternity he pulled out, I gasped for air and he then thrust again. This carried on for a while, getting deeper all the time until finally it was all in and his balls were almost in my mouth too. He didn't even stop when I gagged so much that I puked over his cock and down my chest. A few more times he pushed every last bit of his length into my mouth before starting to thrust shallower and faster. He was getting ready to cum. Faster and faster he fucked my mouth. Then he stopped, pulled back, keeping just the tip between my lips. Stroking his cock with his hand he started to spasm. I felt his cum hit the roof of my mouth, then my throat. I couldn't feel any more spurts after that, but my mouth continued to fill. "Don't spill any, bitch" he said "I want to see it all in your mouth before you swallow" I was having trouble holding it all. Eventually he stopped cumming and I just knelt there, with a mouth bursting full of foul tasting, thick, stringy spunk. Again he wiped his cock in my face and then pulled his trousers back up.

"You like the that?" he asked, knowing full well I couldn't answer. "Open wide then -- let me see what you've got" I tilted my head back and opened my mouth wide, being careful not to spill any. "Now swallow". I shut my eyes, wondering whether to obey or spit. I swallowed. It felt and tasted so bad on the way down. "Good boy".

"Your turn to cum now" he said, grabbing the other pair of panties. He pushed me over onto my back and pulled my now solid knob out of Heather's panties. Steve then knelt next to me and, to my surprise, wrapped his lips around my cock. He sucked it for a few seconds and then stopped "If you wait until I tell you to cum, we'll finish as planned. If you cum before I give you permission, I'll punish you." With that, he started sucking again.

We had agreed that he would make me cum into Rachel's knickers and then make me lick them clean. I now had no idea what he had planned for me if I couldn't hold back.

It was obvious though that he wanted me to cum -- he sucked so hard and so fast that I could only hold on for a couple of minutes. I shot spurt after spurt into his mouth as he carried on sucking hard -- too hard, it was starting to hurt.

Eventually he slid my dick out of his mouth. He brought his face over mine and ordered me to open my mouth. He dribbled my salty cum from his mouth to mine and again told me swallow. My cum tasted even worse than his.

My punishment, apparently was to suck him off again. I was surprised he was ready again so soon, but was hardly in a position to argue. He pulled my back to my knees, removed his trousers and put his cock back in my mouth.

Once more I was licking his glands as he was slowing fucking my mouth. This time, after only a minute or two my mouth started to fill with warm, salty liquid again. It wasn't cum though, he was pissing in my mouth! I tried to pull away but he kept his hand firmly on the back of my head. To my shame, embarrassment and disgust, I even swallowed a couple of mouthfuls of his pee. He pulled out of my mouth and continued to piss all over my face and hair before making me suck the last few drops from his pee hole.

With that, he pulled up his trousers, unfastened my wrists and walked back to his car, leaving me partially bound, dressed like a slut and covered in piss.

It was, and still is, the best sexual experience I've ever had.