 The Day After: 2

Beep... Beep... Beep... Beep...

I woke up, startled by my alarm clock. I threw my arm down towards my nightstand to quiet the shrill sound with my hand. My eyes opened to meet the familiar sight of my ceiling fan. After the last day's events it was comforting to find myself in familiar territory. I turned my head to the empty space beside me on the bed. Graham must've made his flight on time and graciously did so without waking me up. Though knowing Graham, he most certainly gave me a good bye peck on the forehead or cheek before leaving. 

The weekend was over and I too would have to return to work. I lifted myself up out of bed and started my equally comforting routine of getting ready. Graham had left a pot of coffee on for me with a post-it note wishing me a great day. I did everything this Monday morning as I always did every Monday morning before it – all in the same general order. Coffee, Breakfast, Bathroom break, Shower, Shave, Brush, Comb, Change. 

I wore a suit to work unless there was some ridiculous theme day going on – like crazy hats, or Hawaiian shirt day. Today, I was dressed in a grey 2 piece, with a monochrome lighter grey shirt and a solid Blue tie for color. My brown belt matched my brown Chelsea boots which was in the same color family as my messenger bag. I, like Graham, prided myself on style.

I left my apartment that morning, careful to lock the door behind me as I pulled the spare key out of the keyhole. If not for the spare key in my hand, I was reminded of Joey as I passed rather quickly by his doorway. I left the building, hopped into my jeep, throwing my workbag on the passenger seat beside me. I traveled the same route every morning and could literally do it with my eyes closed. 

That was a good thing because my thoughts quickly skipped around to what happened over the weekend. As I made my way through street light after street light, I remembered that Travis and Chase would be working today as well. I shuttered at the multitude of possibilities those confrontations might look like. I just wanted to go to work and return to normalcy. I wanted to do normal everyday PG-rated things – of that, I was certain.

I pulled into my company's parking lot, entered the building, and made my way to my office. Holly was there already and greeted me with a warm hello. Holly was our administrative assistant. She was a Godsend. She was positioned in the lobby waiting room and there were three other offices in our little HR corner. One was mine, one was Kristie's, and one was Ambers. Holly handed me a coffee and asked if I needed anything before she made her rounds.

After telling her that I was fine and to have fun, I led myself back to my office and plopped down on my black leather office chair. It was nice to be at work. It was nice to bury my thoughts in something other than my mess of a personal life. Thankfully there was plenty of work to keep me occupied. 

I worked for the next couple of hours when I got a text message. It was Chase. I immediately knew why he was texting. We met every day at 10:30am sharp on his break out back. He would typically smoke and I would snack on something or just shoot the shit with him. We had done this every day, without fail, barring some illness or vacation one of us was on. 

"Where the fuck are you, homie? You ignoring me or some shit?" his text read. 

The simple truth was – yeah, yeah I was ignoring him. What the fuck would we talk about? I was not ready to have those conversations. He no doubt would crack some joke at my expense and I mean, rightfully so. I mean, at least in some aspects, I had changed our dynamic. We were equals. We were bros. Now... now I don't know what we were. He now knew that I jerked off to him. He now knew what my ass looked like, and tasted like, and felt like. We now had secrets we were keeping from our partners, our friends. He fucking double-dicked me for Christ's sake! Yeah...I was avoiding him.

I slammed the phone down physically and mentally refusing to answer his text. I tried to continue working but my thoughts would return again and again to Chase. I just wanted to be his friend again – back to the way things were. But, I couldn't get that face out of my head. Chase's intense fuck face. That fuckable face. 

My crotch started to tent as I remembered my friend's innate sexuality and how awesome it was to see that side of him. To see that directed at me. I rubbed myself through my pants and noticed a wet spot where precum was starting to come through. I was interrupted by an employee and returned my thoughts and my hands back to work, as I positioned my lap under the desk.

I continued to work until 12:00 rolled around. Lunch time! I needed to get out before Chase caught up with me. I went the roundabout way down the hallway in an effort to not bump into him. I went down a not so familiar hall and turned the corner when there he was walking down the hallway. It was Travis and he was headed in my direction. The sunlight doming in from the windows behind him made the scene that much more daunting as if he were a rockstar with a light show dancing behind him.

I literally froze in that spot as he continued his pace. Fuck, even in a maintenance uniform he was sexy and virile. His muscles popped out of his short sleeve shirt. His toolbelt wore loosely across his thick waist as he strutted down the hallway like he owned the place. I just stood there, still, unsure of what to do. He was feet away from me now but he wasn't making eye contact. He acted as if I wasn't there or he didn't know me. I opened my mouth as if to say something but nothing came out. Within seconds he was gone and all that was left was the smell of man and detergent. I breathed him in as I collected myself and headed for the exit. 

I grabbed some Taco Bell and sat in my jeep as I ate a Gordita and listened to the radio. I wondered if Travis would ever talk to me again. Not that he really ever did before. I wondered if Chase and I would get back to our groove. We'd have to or Graham and Annie would suspect something was up. I wondered if Graham made it okay. I wondered where my keys were and where that shoe went and what if Annie found my panties?

My phone rang interrupting my thought process when I looked down thinking that it was certainly Graham who had called me. My smile quickly turned when I saw that it was Joey on the other end of the line. Fuck. What the fuck did he want? What was he up to? I let the phone ring until it didn't. I checked my phone multiple times later to see if he would call or if he would leave a message but he didn't. Phew. I dodged a bullet there.

I went back to work and finished what turned out to be a fairly productive day. I was excited at the prospect of locking myself into my house, vegging out, and binge watching some crappy show until it was time to go to bed. I picked up some takeout Italian after stopping at the hardware store to have a key made. Chase called me, but I again chose to ignore him. He also did not leave a message. 

I got home, made my way up to my doorway and let myself in, checking that my new key worked in the process. I heard the television as I walked down the hallway, trying to recall if I had left it on. I made my way into the living area and dropped my bags at the sight in front of me. 

"Honey, I'm home," Joey said as he redirected his gaze from the television to my linguini that was now splattered on the floor. 

"What are you doing here?" I blurted out.

"Again with the questions... you need to work on being polite and courteous to your neighbors." 

I was speechless at the audacity and disdain that Joey was portraying as he lounged relaxed on my couch. He leaned back into the cushion with his legs crossed protruding onto the coffee table in front of him. His toes wriggled around as I looked him over. He was shirtless and pantless, only wearing short white boxers and a robe. My robe. Joey had been in my room and had helped himself to my things.

"Eyes up here, bitch!" he said as he took his pointer and index finger and brought them to meet his eyes. "You know if you would have answered the phone like I told you to, you would've known that I was coming over."

"I wasn't around my phone when you called," I retorted.

"Oh please. Again with the lies. What is this 1999? Of course you had your phone on you. Everyone always has their phone on them. That's just reality," he said as he held his phone up in the air. 

"I think you should go," I said.

He bounced up out of his seat and made his way over to me. His limp dick plopped in and out of the white fabric draped over him with every step he took in my direction. My white cotton robe glided behind him untied revealing more glimpses of his chest and abs. He got right in my face as I attempted to hold my ground. 

"You know what I think?" he asked rhetorically. "I think that you need to remember our photoshoot yesterday. And I think that you need to work on your manners. I think you need to think about my sweet parents and their reaction. I think you need to think about that little faggot you were with last night."

I started to turn away in defeat when he grabbed my tie and brought me even closer to him. He grabbed me by the back of my head with his other hand as he pressed my forehead into his. He was intimidatingly close – staring through me holding his gaze. After what seemed like forever, he asked, "Do you understand me?"

"Yeah," I offered. 

"DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME?" he repeated louder as he pulled on my tie effectively choking me.

"Yes, yes I understand you," I said articulately.

"Good. Now clean that fucking mess up," he said pointing to the noodles as he returned to his earlier position on the couch.

Defeated, I went to the kitchen and grabbed some towels and a trashcan to clean up the linguini that had splattered on the floor. I came back to the main room and knelt down as I glanced over at this 18 year old who had effectively taken me hostage in my own home. I glanced at the TV to see what he was watching. Sixteen and Pregnant. Of course that's what he was watching. I returned to cleaning my mess when Joey started talking in my direction. 

"You know – it doesn't have to be like this. This hostility. I think that this could be a great thing," he offered as I wondered what "this" was anyway. 

I lifted my gaze to meet his. "Look, I need a place to go that isn't my parents' house sometimes and you need me to not mention how much of a slut you are. It's perfect. A mutually beneficial relationship," he said. "Plus, I kind of think you miss watching me – isn't that right babysitter?," apparently trying to be punny as he raised his eyebrows and grabbed his crotch after saying that. 

"Listen, if you want to come over, just ask like a normal person. We can hang out sometimes. I get not wanting to be around your parents," I said ignoring his insinuation. "But you just can't show up whenever you want. What if my boyfriend was with me or my mom or yours for that matter. I think having to explain why you have a key to my house would be worse than your stupid little pictures."

"Says the bitch who didn't answer my phone call like he was supposed to. Listen – I'll make you a deal. I'll let you know when I plan on coming over and you answer my calls and texts. But if you end up saying no more than you say yes, than the deals off. And, you need to keep your fridge stocked up with beer instead of all this wine bullshit. And, you need to do what I ask without being such a bitch about it. Or else you're going to see these pictures posted on every single door in the building. In their mailboxes. Under their doors. Do we have a deal?"

Realizing I didn't have much leverage I said, "Yes, deal!" until I could figure out how to stop this.

"Good – that's better," he said as I returned to the kitchen leaving the floor cleaned behind me. "Grab me a bag of chips while you're in there," he added, quick to implement the deal we had just made. I grabbed a bag of chips and walked into the living room with them in tow. I walked around the coffee table in between him and the television as I handed him the bag of chips he demanded.

He grabbed the bag of chips with one hand, my wrist with the other as it was obvious that I did not intend on staying in the room. He looked up at me and said, "My feet hurt. Why don't you massage my feet for a bit?" 

Surprised that he decided to ask this time instead of demand I said, "Okay, sure... let me just change into something more comfortable."

"What did I say about being a bitch?" he asked seriously, indicating that he wanted the massage immediately. 

I looked at him but held my tongue partly because I didn't want to get into another argument, partly because I was kind of into foot rubs. I took a seat on the couch beside him as he crunched on the chips noisily. With food still in his mouth he said, "I think you'd have better access if you sat on the floor."

I maneuvered myself to the floor in front of him, careful not to block his view of the television. He moved his left leg into my lap as he kept his other leg on the coffee table in front of him. I looked at his foot resting on my crossed legs and started working the bottom of his heel with my thumbs. I did this before I went to his toes and cracked each one at the knuckle. My hands traveled to his ankles and up the bottoms of his legs. I looked up at Joey who was enjoying the massage but concentrating on the TV before him.

As my gaze traveled from his face back towards his feet, they stopped at his boxers. The position his legs were in, one on the table and one in my lap, made it so that Joey's legs were fairly parted from each other. His legs were spread open stretching the white fabric offering a generous view of his package. My dick instantly started to grow as I took the sight of this teenage package in and tried my hardest to commit the sight to memory. It was hard to tell what he was rolling with as his dick was soft but even with a flaccid cock he was still working with 3 or 4 inches. 

My dick started to stretch my tight fitting pants producing a hefty bulge of my own. I continued to work over his feet but seemed to be hypnotized by his crotch as my eyes couldn't seem to look away. 

"You are such a horny cocksucker, aren't you," Joey said breaking the concentration I was affording on his dick. 

I quickly said "no... I mean what. I'm just doing what you told me to."

"Fuck you, I didn't tell you to stare at my dick like a bitch in heat. I mean, look at you. You're on the floor of your own apartment, in a suit, forced to give an 18 year old a foot rub while he eats your food and all you can do is stare at my dick like it's a lollipop. Tell me how much you want my dick," he demanded.

"I don't want your dick, dude," I managed to spit out as if the idea were absurd.

He then loosened his foot from my grip and directed his foot towards the ever-straining bulge beneath my grey slacks. His toes grabbed onto the length of my dick as I involuntarily let out a soft moan. I looked at his face, a knowing grin in his smile and eyes. "Why the fuck is your little dick so hard then?" he asked before using his foot to put pressure on my throbbing penis. I looked away as I didn't have an answer that would explain it. "That's what I thought bitch! You've probably wanted to suck on my dick since I was a kid."

I let him know that I absolutely had never thought of him that way before. "So you admit that you're thinking about me that way now?" he asked already knowing the answer. He then brought his foot back up to my face, pointing his big toe towards my lips. "Show me," he said, "show me how you'd suck my dick."

I paused to see if this was a trick but he just led his toes closer to my lips as if he was going to enter my mouth whether or not he had permission. I opened my mouth and took his big toe into meet my tongue. I looked into his eyes as I used the tip of my tongue to swirl around his big toe as if it really were his dick in my warm wet mouth. I took the entirety of his toe in as I bobbed up and down on it wildly giving him ample insight to what one of my blowjobs might feel like. He let his head fall back as I gave his foot a tongue bath. 

As his stare was no longer directed at me, I lowered my eyes back to the growing crotch in front of me. His abs were stretched out and his hand gripped the armrest of the couch tightening the veins throughout his muscular young arm. His dick was now tenting the thin white boxers as his pisslet created a wet spot in the fabric. His dick was now at 6" or 7" and I found it easier to pretend it was a dick in my mouth with his gorgeous young junk staring me in the eye. 

I took the toe out of my mouth and let his foot drop to the ground. I started to slowly make my way toward that hypnotic dick, placing an arm on his tensed hairy legs to help me towards it. "Hey," Joey yelled in my direction, "What the fuck are you doing?" I fell backwards to the ground and ended up sitting directly in front of Joey again crosslegged. He stared at me like I had committed an immortal sin before he stood up and put the bottom of his foot in my face and forcefully pushed the back of my head quickly to the ground with it. 

He stood over me now as I lay on the ground, his foot forcefully holding me still and covering part of my sight in the process. "I'm not your boyfriend, faggot," he said in my direction. "You better watch yourself and don't forget who the fuck has the upper hand here." He took his foot off of my face and then proceeded to grab the bag of chips that lay in the middle of the couch cushion. He grabbed a handful and pushed them into his mouth as he looked down at me with repulsion and laughed. "You're pathetic," he said just before turning the bag upside down and emptying the chips on and around me. "I'm out of here bitch" he said as he made his way to the front door. "And don't forget my fucking beer," he stated sharply before slamming the door - my bathrobe, maybe now his bathrobe, flowing close behind him.

I lay there in my suit, covered and surrounded by lays potato chips. I tried to wrap my head around what just happened to me and how I ended up in this position. I tried to figure out why I was letting this happen. I tried to figure out why I was still hard as a rock. God, I should be pissed. I should be embarrassed. I should feel degraded. And concerned. And emasculated. But all I felt was fucking horny. 

I lifted my shirt and pulled my pants down, as potato chips fell onto my stomach and down my neck in the movement. I grabbed onto my raging dick and stroked myself violently. The taste of Joey's foot was still in my mouth and even though I still had my eyes open all I could see was his cock tenting his shorts, the sight of him towering over me with his foot in my face. I came quicker than I should have, spurts of jizz flying onto my shirt and tie. I lay there as I turned my head to the side, panting to the erotic experience. I looked over at a chip that had caught some of my cum. I looked at it longingly as my wild imagination fantasized that it belonged to Joey. I grabbed it quickly and ate the chip savoring the flavor. 

Fuck, I was going to be in trouble. 

I cleaned the place up, cleaned myself off, and sat there unable to think of anything else but Joey. I did barely anything else with my evening. At least, nothing quite as comparable to the experience I had with the teenager earlier that day. I ended up talking to Graham for a bit, watched some Netflix, and fell asleep on the couch where I could vaguely still smell him. I had forgotten to eat dinner before going to bed leaving my stomach empty except for one cum-covered chip.

The day after, I took a much needed day off from work. I didn't leave the apartment all day and I didn't feel bad about it. Actually that's not true, I left once to grab some beer to make sure my fridge was properly stocked. Every time the phone would ring, my dick would twitch hoping it was Joey. But it never was. Part of me wondered if I took the day off in case he decided to drop by. Chase had called me and texted a few times but I failed to respond, mostly because I didn't know how to. I spent some of the day dreading the next I would see Chase and the conversation that would inevitably follow. I spoke to Graham a couple of times throughout the day but he kept on being pulled away to work. Other than that, I ate food, watched TV, drank wine, jacked off and just enjoyed being alone. Or at least that's what I told myself. 
