 Summary of Previous Chapters: After a weird night on Halloween, Chase and Ryan head out to the woods to figure things out. They leave the city, their significant others, and Travis and Joey behind as they redefine what their friendship looks like. The first night of camping ends with Ryan tight in Chase's arms.

*****

I woke up in a daze of sweat and confusion. The tent I awoke in seemed to capture every ray of sunshine that hit it from the other side, quickly shifting the tent into a personal sauna. I looked around, noting the pink thong I was sporting from the night before instantly reminding me where I was and why I was wearing them. I looked to my side for Chase, as my memory connected the dots, but found myself alone. I decided that he must already be up and at 'em. I quickly unzipped the doorway and jets of cool air raced in giving me quick relief to the humidity that was engulfing me. 

I carefully stepped out of the tent sporting my pink thong and a semi-hard erection that died down as I stabled myself on the ground. With my bare feet firmly planted in the dirt beneath me, I stretched my arms out and reached for the sky as my bones and muscles adjusted to a new day. 

"Wakey, wakey, eggs and bakey!" Chase yelled out from the fire as he tended to a pan he had over the crackling flames. He was shirtless, his trucker cap on backwards, knelt down as he continued to cook something on the fire. I made my way over to the fire pit, and fell into a chair as I yawned groggily. "Wasn't sure you'd ever get up?" he added as he handed me a cup of hot coffee in a quintessential blue metal camping mug that you might see in an LL Bean ad. 

"Thanks, I said as I accepted the warm cup into my hand and inhaled a long whiff of the robust coffee. "What time is it anyway?" I asked before drinking the campfire coffee.

"10:30. Must've worn you out, I guess," he said giving himself a compliment as he continued tossing ingredients around over the fire. He finished cooking and handed me the finished product; a breakfast burrito he had made with careful precision. I lifted the steaming burrito to my mouth and started to take a bite before he interrupted, "Wait, you can't eat it without my special hot sauce!" 

"What do you mean? You gonna beat off into my burrito or something," I said friskily.

"Oh you'd like that perv!" he said quickly. "No - I made another batch of hot sauce. It's killer! You gotta try it!"

He handed me a mason jar filled with green chilies and a myriad of other ingredients that he had thrown together masterfully. I opened the jar carefully with the burrito stationed on my lap and lowered the har to pour some directly onto the hot burrito. "Looks good," I stated before I brought the burrito to my mouth as he eyed my reaction carefully. I chewed slowly and then swallowed. I looked at him, paused for a second, and then took another bite as his impatience got the better of him.

"Oh my God, what do you think," he asked. I continued chewing as I pointed towards my mouth indicating I shouldn't talk with my mouth full. He rolled his eyes but brought them back to me in anticipation for my assessment. I finished chewing as he waited for a response. "Well?"

I laughed and opened my mouth to say, "Dude, this is killer! It's got a kick to it for sure but it's not overwhelming and the firepower doesn't mask the flavor either. You can really taste the roasted flavors out of it. It made the fucking burrito, dude. I think this might be your best one yet!"

"Fuck yeah!" he said excited as he held his hand up for a high-five which I quickly gave him. "I thought you'd like it," he said as he smiled at his burrito and took a bite contentedly. I watched him chew as some of the sauce fell onto his abs. He took his fingers to scoop it up, brought it to his mouth, and quickly sucked the getaway sauce back into his mouth without thought.

I sat there admiring my friend. This was perfect - just like he said. We still got to be us. We could still talk about nothing and joke around and go camping and it was still the same. Well, the same with a few minor changes. For one, I was naked in front of him except for my hot pink thong. I was also pretty sure that I had dried cum somewhere on my body. Lastly, every so often I would catch Chase grabbing a peek at me or look at me longingly and I supposed that might be my favorite part. 

"Hey," he said intentionally trying to bring me back to reality! "We should get out on the boat soon! See if we can't catch us some dinner. What do you think?"

"Yeah, for sure - I'm down." I said as I looked over at the canoe and the river. "Let me throw on some clothes and grab my pole and we'll head out!" I said as I stood up from my chair intending to make my way to the 4-runner where my change of clothes were.

Almost as soon as I got up, I was tackled back down to the ground as Chase wrestled me onto the woodland floor until he had my arms pinned to the earth beneath us, his whole body on top of mine. "Not so fast," he said with an adorable playful grin smeared on his face as he hovered over me. 

"What the fuck was that for?" I asked back jokingly as if to pretend I was upset by his actions.

"I don't think we need to change just to go fishing. Let's just go like this!" he suggested.

"Chase, you're in shorts," I said smiling back up at him knowing exactly what he was trying to do, fairly flattered by his determination. "I don't wanna get on a boat in the middle of the river in nothing but a g string while you're fully dressed." 

"Oh shut up - don't be such a prude. There's literally no one around for miles. Anyway, whoever got a glimpse of you in these would probably fucking love it," he added as he reached down and fingered my thong. "I'll go in my jockstrap!" he said before hopping up to his feet and lowering his shorts revealing the cup he was already wearing. 

He stood there, standing directly over me with the sun behind his back in nothing but a jock strap and the khaki shorts around his ankles. "Fuck, that's hot Chase!"

"I thought you'd enjoy them" he replied as he cupped his jock with his hand and then brought his arms up like an Egyptian as he started to pose, tensing his biceps for me. He kissed his tensed biceps jokingly and I laughed out loud at the show he was giving me. 

I repositioned myself to where I was squatting in front of him and steadied myself carefully. Then while Chase was looking at the sky, I successfully tackled him to the ground and then proceeded to climb over him, pinning him to the ground in the same position he had previously had me in. I'm pretty certain he was letting me pin him but I didn't care. It felt good to have this hunk under me as I lay over his thick body. His jock poked me in the side and I started to get hard to the feeling of him underneath me.

"Whoa killer, there'll be plenty of time for that later," he said before he smiled and lifted his head up forcing his lips into mine for a quick kiss. "Let's get out on that boat!"

We stood back up and dusted ourselves off before grabbing our poles and heading out to the tranquil waterway. I lathered myself up with sunscreen and Chase did the same, though he seemed to be more focused on my hands on my body rather than his own. He gladly helped me with a few spots and took to working over my ass cheeks while he was at it. 

"My ass is fine, Chase," I laughed.

"No, no, no... I need to make sure that it's consistent," he said as he continued kneading the lotion into my ass. He finished up and finally gave me a quick tap on the rear and said, "Alright I think you're done. I should probably handle that from now on though - you know just in case," he added playfully.

He held his hand out and I took it as he helped steady me into the canoe. He handed me my fishing pole and a small cooler full of beer as I found places for them on the canoe floor. He hopped in behind me and we were off. He cracked open his first beer and I did the same, taking a refreshing swig as we glided towards the middle of the river. We were out there for a while, a few beers each anyhow, and neither of us had even gotten so much as a bite. I gave up rather quickly while Chase continued to cast his line out into the vacant river as I switched my gaze to the amazing scenery and the hunk beside me. 

I stood up carefully and stretched my arms out again before lowering my pink thong to take a piss into the river. I was peeing for a few seconds when Chase quickly got up and said, "I gotta pee too!" before pulling his jock down and emptying his bladder beside me. I had to brace myself as the force he stood up with caused the boat to rock back and forth. He placed his hand on my back to steady me as he continued to pee in the same direction. Our streams were parallel to each other as they hit the river below us when all of a sudden, he screamed, "Sword fight," and proceeded to try crossing our piss paths with each other's. As his stream would hit mine, it would cause small splashes in every direction some of which hit my leg.

"Chase, stop!" I said as I redirected my pee away from him as my bladder finally emptied itself.

"Don't be such a poor sport," he laughed as I pulled my thong up to its rightful place with my back turned to him now. He continued to laugh as I stopped hearing the splash that his stream was making as it hit the surface of the water. And in its place, I felt the quick warm feeling of his pee as it hit my calf behind me. I turned myself around to come face to face with him as he continued to pee on my legs and feet with a wild grin and a face full of laughter as he did it.

"You motherfucker!" I said sternly with my face spread apart in shock as I went to push his chest with my hands. He caught my hands mid-impact and used them to bring me closer into his body. He was not peeing full force anymore, but liquid continued to leave his dick as he held my body into his and stared into my eyes. He let me go as he continued to laugh at the interaction.

I tore myself away, looking down at the drops of liquid rolling down my body getting madder and madder at the sight of it. I readied myself as I harnessed all my energy and threw myself towards his body, thrusting us both out of the boat and into the air before we hit the water. Our bodies were tangled with one another as we sank under the surface into the cold water below us. We floated back up together as our lungs gasped for air upon our return. 

After all that, Chase was still laughing. His hat was floating in the river beside us as he used his hand to remove the water from his face and pushed his hair back. He opened his eyes and saw me in front of him before saying, "Oh you're in for it now, bitch!" 

My eyes widened as I turned around and started swimming away knowing that without the element of surprise, Chase definitely had the upper hand. I was halfway to the river when he caught up with me. He jumped onto my shoulders and quickly took me under the water with him, his hands traveling the surface of my body in the process. He was having fun with me as he dunked me in and out of the water, feeling my ass crack between movements. 

He finally let me come up for air and I was face to wet face with him as our feet made contact with the river floor. We looked at each other, me trying to recapture my breath. He had a shit eating grin on his face that would have made any other person look like a douche or an asshole, but on Chase it looked sexy, and powerful. I grabbed him by the sides of his face and brought his lips to mine, exploring the taste of his mouth as he opened his lips to take me in.

Chase's arm went around my waist holding me to his body as I let my legs drift up from the river floor beneath us as if his kiss was causing me to float off the ground. Chase leaned himself into my body and explored my mouth with his salty warm tongue. "mmmm" he moaned as he released his tongue from my mouth as he carefully caught my bottom lip gently between his teeth, effectively keeping me in place. 

Oh fuck, I opened my eyes at the soft sexy touch of pain on my lips as I met his fuckface staring back at me. He started to walk towards the shore, carrying my body through the water as I glided alongside him. He released my lip from his grip when he lifted me into his arms and carried me onto the shore. He gently let me down to my feet as they hit the grass. 

"Go to the hammock and wait for me there," he said with authority. I made my way to the camouflage hammock that was being tossed in the light breeze, only kept still by the towering trees it's ends was tied to. I steadied myself as I hopped upwards and backwards into it, my legs lifted as the hammock suspended me in the air. I stretched out my body along the length of the hammock as my hard dick stretched out the hot pink fabric of my thong. 

I watched Chase as he rifled through the cooler and grabbed himself another bottle of beer. He twisted the cap off and flung it into the fire pit before taking a swig. He swaggered over to his camp chair and dug a pack of cigarettes out of a cup holder. He then headed to where I lay in the hammock. On the way, he pulled his jock strap down past his knees as he looked directly at me to make sure I was noticing. He stood back up as he kicked the strap carelessly to the side, his erect dick bouncing up and down as his heavy balls swung back and forth with every step he made. 

He made his way up to the hammock and threw the cigarette pack onto my bare chest and then proceeded to grab me by the shoulders with his course hands, sliding me down the slippery hammock so that my head was closer to the middle where the hammock naturally dipped. He stopped moving me around when he was apparently pleased with where I was positioned. He situated his cock in front of me and pressed the head of his hard dick to my lips, his precum wetting my lips like chapstick.

I opened my hungry mouth as I took in his still moist-from-the-river dick into my damp mouth and let his hard-on get accustomed to its new warm surroundings as I tongued the underside of him. He moaned into the open woods as the feeling of my mouth shot waves of pleasure through his fuckstick and up his naked body. He moved himself into me and then started rocking me back and forth on and off of his thick cock as he raised his elbow up to take another swig of his beer.

"God that feels good, Ryan!" he said as he lowered the beer bottle from his lips. I concentrated on keeping my mouth open as Chase was literally doing all of the work just pushing my mouth away and towards his cock as he swung me back and forth between the trees. He poured some beer onto his dick as he continued to feed himself to me. The taste of cool beer on his delicious warm dick brought me back to the night on Halloween where he had first shared this trick with me. 

I heard him laughing as I looked up at him, his dick still in my mouth. He was perpendicular to me as he forced my mouth to fuck his dick as he redirected the hammock backwards and forwards. "That's it baby! Take my dick!" he said as he stared past his chest and abs straight into my eyes. I started to rub myself as I pleasured my best friend. He quickly took notice and softly glided my wrist away. "Baby, look I'm gonna take care of you. Don't worry - right now I want you to concentrate on pleasing my dick, okay? You trust me, right? I'm gonna take care of you."

I mumbled that I understood as best I could with his dick in and out of my mouth as I swung about involuntarily. 

He popped my lips off of his dick and said, "lay sideways on the hammock." Unsure of what he meant, I started to move aimlessly. He started to help position me so that my head was hanging off one side of the hammock and my ass was pointed towards him on the other. He took a step back and gave me a once over. "Fuck that's hot. Look at you - ready to hand yourself over to me at the drop of a hat."

I just smiled at him as he scanned my body in lust as I sported his favorite pink thing. 

"Lift those legs up higher," he stated as if analyzing the best way to go about this. "Maybe stretch them out, spread eagle and use the edge of the hammock to keep them up and keep your pucker pointed at me." I did my best to comply giving him an ample view of my tight, freshly shaved hole. "That's it. Stay in that position for me," he said as he handed me his beer and reached for the pack of cigarettes that had fallen onto the hammock beside me. 

I lay there in that position as he fished out a cigarette and a lighter from the pack, quickly sparked the lighter and inhaled the first drag. We were both hard as a rock as he took a quick smoke break in between his dick switching from one of my holes to the other. He inhaled the cigarette and blew it out into the sky as he motioned for me to return his beer. 

I handed the beer over to him and he took a deep swig in between drags of his cigarette. He came back from the bottle and looked me in the eye before tilting the bottle downwards, causing the beer to drain directly onto my asshole. My hole tightened along with the rest of my body to the odd sensation it was giving me. He redirected the bottle so that the falling beer traveled away from my hole to his dick as it ricocheted off of him and tiny droplets hit my legs.

I sat there with my mouth letting out heavy breaths as he handed the bottle back over and stepped in closer to me, pushing the hammock back and upwards as he moved in my direction. He had his cigarette in his mouth as he used both hands on my legs to lift me into the air by the hammock. He positioned his mushroom head at the tip of my hole and slowly entered my beer soaked cunt, careful only to let the head of his throbbing cock inside me.

He took one hand away from my leg as my body and gravity tried inching me closer onto his dick but he held me securely in place with his other hand. He took the cigarette out of his mouth with his free hand and just after taking a drag - blew the smoke into my face and said, "You better get ready baby!" My eyes widened and I started to ask him to hold on when he quickly lifted his other hand from my leg and gravity pushed me hard and fast into his throbbing invasive dick as he stood his ground for the impact. 

"AAAAUUUUUUHHHHHHHHHH!!" I screamed as the involuntary plunge caused a rough sensation that rippled inside and out of me. I breathed in quick sporadic breaths as my hole tried to recover and adjust to his harder-than-ever-before dick in my ass. He grabbed the beer bottle from my hand as I lay there frozen on the end of his dick. He brought the tip to my mouth and let some beer fall down my tongue and into my belly briefly distracting me from the pain. 

He bent down and kissed me on the chest as I started to ease around his cock. He could feel me starting to relax and handed the bottle back as I took it in my hand and took a big guzzle of it for more of that relief it had given me. I gulped the beer down as he started to fuck me raw, using only his hands and the pure strength emanating from his arms as he swung me about in the air. It was like he was doing push-ups and with every push up his arms would tense and I'd try bracing myself for what was to come. Then he'd relax his arms and I'd fall back onto him with a loud moan or grunt that filled the forest as my throbbing hole slammed back onto his veiny dick. 

He continued to push me in the hammock like you'd push a child on a swing, except every way back meant a sharp sensation inside of me that filled the woods full of screams and profanity. "Oh... fuck...Ahhhh...Shit...Jesus...Fucker..." The screams gave Chase ammunition to continue ravaging my hole like a prehistoric animal only fucking me out of pure animalistic lust and rage. 

Though painful, the fuck Chase was giving me was absolutely not void of pleasure. I too was part of this animalistic fuck and I wanted to devour him and I wanted him to devour me. Without notice, he pulled himself out of me, flicked his cigarette, grabbed my beer and grabbed the back of my neck using his virile strength to guide me back onto my feet to where I was standing directly in front of him. 
