 He didn't mince words. I appreciated that. A small mercy I'll admit, but under the circumstances, an important one. The University had discovered porn in my directory. I was not heavily into porn, but I was curious, and had visited a few sites and downloaded some images, with the intention of examining them at my leisure.

He was head of security. A bull of a man and he had become interested in my case when he realised there was some gay porn in my collection. Despite being married, he liked younger men, and took a special interest in me.

Rather than the standard expulsion from the University for such offences, he offered to deal with the matter personally. His demands were simple. I would have sex with him. In return, he would not contact my parents, I would not be expelled, and the matter would not go on my record.

He was direct and articulate. He wanted me to undress and lie on the bed, spreading my legs and exposing my anus. He wanted to watch me get ready to be penetrated by him. He wanted to see my face at all times. He wanted to see my pain.

I came from a very poor, very religious country community. I was the first in my family to make it to University. For me to be expelled and disgraced in such a way would devastate my family, and remove me totally from it. I would have agreed to anything.

*******************************

Realising that I had no alternative, I removed my underwear and lay back on the bed, then positioned myself so that my ass was on the edge of the mattress and pulled my knees up to my chest, as he had requested.

"Mmmmmmmmmm."

I heard him mutter and then break out into a cruel giggle. My face burned with hatred, anger and shame and I stared at the ceiling and tried to compose myself.

"Alright, you've got me where you want me, get on with it!"

I hissed at him.

"You mean get it over with, don't you?"

He asked with a laugh, still sitting, still stroking his fat cock, and still smiling his smug smile.

"Yes, damn it! If you are going to fuck me, let's get it over with!"

I snapped back in reply. 

"Oh, but where's the fun in that?"

He asked condescendingly. I bit my lip to hold my rage. He continued.

"Why should I rush this? Mm? I have looked forward to this moment for so long, why would anyone rush it when they could take their time, and savour every delicious second?"

I knew he was fucking my mind in much the same way as he soon would be fucking my ass. I concentrated on my breathing, keeping it slow and steady, trying to shut out what he was saying.

"Wasn't easy you know....,"

he continued. His voice soft yet mocking, excited and yet controlled.

"...re-directing your web browser to, let's say, 'less-academic' websites. Not easy at all, especially making sure it only happened to you, and no-one else. Once there, well, you couldn't resist the smorgasbord of filth I had lined up for you, could you? I knew you'd download some of the images, you couldn't risk being caught in the lab looking at porn, could you? Had to save them so that you could enjoy them at your leisure, yes? Still, you should be flattered – do you think I would go to this much trouble for any one? Oh no. I've had my sites on you for quite some time."

Initially the mind fuck was worse than any physical pain I could imagine. I felt like I would explode, such was the fury that welled up inside me. But of course I could not allow it too, the consequences were too horrible to contemplate. So I had no option but to play along with his sick little game.

"Oh, so now you're not going to talk to me. Is that it?"

He stood up and walked over to me. He looked down at me and smirked.

"Not going to talk, huh?"

He persisted, but I broke away from his stare and fixed my eyes once again to the ceiling.

"Well then, that's a pity, because hearing a hot little twink talk dirty to me really gets me going. Now if I don't hear a dirty little slut twink talk dirty, I might lose interest, and decide he's not worth fucking at all. And ofcourse, you remember my terms, if I don't get to fuck you, well..........."

"Alright, alright, what do I have to say?"

I cried out, barely holding back the tears. He laughed again then came over and whispered into my ear, very, very slowly.

"What do you have to say? Have you no brain of your own? What do you think a dirty little cock sucking twink slut would say to the man that he worships and adores?"

I knew what he wanted to hear.

"Please fuck me."

I said. I knew I sounded unconvincing but it was the best I could manage. I could hardly get the words out, and they sounded anything but sexy. I knew he would be disappointed. He walked back to the chair and sat down. I stole a look at him from between my spread legs. His cock was definitely on the wane. I knew I had to give him what he wanted.

"Oh, how pathetic. I don't no why I even bothered."

He muttered angrily, shaking his head into his hands.

"Please, I want your big fat cock in my virgin ass, please fuck me?"

I looked at him between my spread legs. I made eye contact with him. It sickened me but I did it because I knew he wanted me to. He wanted me to be a depraved little faggot so he could feel good about what he was going to do to me. It was all fucked up. He was the depraved one, but I had to act like it was my depravity that drove him to these depraved acts. He smiled slightly. What I had said, and perhaps more importantly, the way that I said it had pleased him. I could tell by the bobbing of his cock and the look in his eyes. I licked my lips slowly.

"Come on, push that big fat cock inside me. I know you like a nice hot, tight ass. Think how good it will feel when you're buried up to your balls in my cunt! Come on, give me some cock!"

I managed to sound very convincing. It was less a question, more like a demand. Once I got used to the idea, it wasn't as difficult as I first thought. Basically I wanted him to do it, so that it would be over with quickly. The more aroused he got, the quicker he would fuck me, the quicker he would cum, and the quicker the whole sick little episode would be over. The trick was to sound as natural as possible – I needed to sound like I really was aroused, and really wanted him to fuck me. It seemed to work. He stood up and walked over to me, standing only inches away from my exposed ass. His cock was rock hard and pointing straight at the ceiling. His breathing was short and fast, and his mouth seemed to be dry with anticipation.

"Mmmm, so where do you want me to put my cock?"

He asked in a soft and raspy voice that was un-mistakenly tight with excitement.

"In my ass, my pussy, my man cunt! Don't you like my man cunt?"

I replied in the most dirty and natural voice I could manage.

"Yes I do. I do!, but I want you to show me where to put my cock - with your fingers. Put you middle finger where my cock needs to go."

This was a twist I had not counted on. I tentatively licked the middle finger of my right hand then reached down and placed it on my nervously clenching ass.

"Right here, see where my finger points? That's my virgin man cunt, and it's all yours."

I smiled as I said that, and I could see his lustful fever building, and I knew he was getting very excited. He started to lightly stroke his cock, which in turn, started to weep pre-cum.

"Now I want you to show my cock how it gets inside that booty. I can see the tiny little hole, but how will my big cock get inside there?"

I winced as I wormed my middle finger inside my ass. I had licked it but it was not wet enough to slide in without any discomfort. He laughed.

"See? See where I'm putting my finger? That's where you could put you big cock?"

I cooed like the pathetic twink he wanted me to be. He started to stroke himself more vigorously.

"But how would I fuck you? All you've done it push your little finger in, and you seem not to like it very much?"

"I need some lubricant. Surely a stud like you would have plenty of lubricant on hand? Just imagine how good it would feel to slide into my hot, wet, and slippery ass? If I had some lube right now I would work three fingers deep inside me. Mmm, then I could really fuck myself! That's what I want, no, that's what I need! If you're not going to fuck me, I'll have to finger fuck myself."

I think really sounded convincing now, partly because I meant what I said. If he was going to fuck me, he'd better use something else he'll tear me apart. Whatever I said, it really did the trick.

"You want lube, huh?"

He hissed, panting feverishly and pounding his meat so hard and fast it became a blur. I didn't get time to answer him. He moved around between my legs and stopped wanking himself, then pulled down hard on his cock so that it was as big and as tight and as purple as it could be. He pointed it at my ass and cried out,

"Here, have some of nature's own, the best lube known to man."

He came with a grunt and I watched in awe as a long white string of cum shot out the end of his cock and then I felt it hit my ass and fingers. It was to be followed by five or six more long, thick sticky ropes of his seed. He grunted like a pig with each burst, and his eyes rolled in his head like he was about to pass out. I hoped that this meant it was all over, but I was soon to learn that this was far from true.

"Well go on then, let's see those fingers work in and out of your tight, virgin man cunt. You wanted lube, I've given you lube - now you keep your end of the deal."

He shouted excitedly as he staggered backwards and collapsed onto the chair, keeping his eyes fixed firmly on my ass and my now gooey fingers. I pushed my index finger back inside my rectum. His cum had it's effect and it slipped in very easily, so easily that I bumped hard against my prostate and shocked myself by crying out and raising my hips slightly. This pleased him enormously.

"Mmmmm, you like that, hey slut?"

He asked, and I knew what he wanted to hear.

"Mmmmmmm, oh yeah, your lovely hot cum has really done the trick! Now I can finger fuck myself! Thank you so much."

I gasped in reply, as I really went to town with my finger. I hated to admit it, but it was starting to feel really good. It was a new sensation, and although my cock was not hard and I was not feeling sexually aroused, it was very pleasant.

"Work another finger in, go on!"

He cried from his seat, much like he might call out at a football match to encourage his team. I guess in a way this was sport for him, and he was certainly enjoying the game so far. I obliged by pressing my index finger hard against my slippery middle finger, and pushed them as one inside me. I could feel myself stretching against the increased width and I enjoyed the sensation. He enjoyed the vision, and called out further encouragement. Eventually I worked three fingers inside me. This caused him such delight that he got of his chair and came over and stood beside me.

His cock was getting hard again, even though it was still pointing toward the ground. He came around to my side and positioned it over my mouth. I stopped fingering myself momentarily until he hissed, 

"Don't stop!"

then added,

"Suck it!"

I resumed fingering myself and then, as if some other force had control over my body, I lifted my head up and sucked his cock head into my mouth. I was immediately repulsed by the taste and texture of his spongy purple head, and yet, at the same time, I was consumed by an irrational lust for it. I sucked it hard, and ran my tongue around the underside of it, exploring every ridge and vein as if I was creating a detailed map of it. He groaned and grew inside me, and I tilted my head to accept more of him.

Strange things were now happening. My cock was growing stiff and I could feel it weeping and I could sense a puddle of cum forming in my belly button. My fingers now pushed in and out of me in a sensual rhythmic cycle, and I felt my hips gyrating and thrusting in time. I sucked him as hard as I could, like I was trying extract more of the cum that he had so willingly given me earlier. I wanted it deep inside my mouth and yet I wanted to lick and tease it as well. My head, tongue, lips, hips and fingers started to move at a more insane pace by the second.

I started to gag on his rapidly expanding cock. He pulled out of me to save me from choking and still I was disappointed that I could no longer suck it.

"Tell me what you want."

He hissed excitedly.

"I want your cock! I want your cock!"

I shouted like a madman.

"Mmmmmm, you really do, don't you?"

He asked, barely disguising his delight and amazement at what I had become.

"Yes, Please, I do, I do, please let me suck your cock!"

I gasped. But he was not interested in what I wanted. He moved around between my legs and removed my frantic fingers. He positioned his cock head against my well-stretched ass. I knew what was coming. I felt a squirt of a cold liquid then he pushed inside me, all the way until his balls pressed against my ass.

I screamed in pain as his thick cock penetrated my virgin ass, but my scream soon turned into a wild, hysterical laugh. It felt horrible, horrible and wonderful all at once. No fuck it, it just felt great! My laughter was soon morphed into a bizarre grunt as he commenced to pull out, then thrust back into me. With each earthy grunt he made as he pushed inside, I gasped a softer, higher, more insane grunt of my own.

As his pace increased, so to did our grunting, and so did my thrusting to match him. We fucked like wild animals. It was overwhelming and I completely lost myself in the moment. I had no concept of time or space - there was just me and this huge cock that was buried deep inside me. A thermo-nuclear device could have been detonated in the same room and I doubt if either of us would have noticed it, and even if we had, neither of us would have cared.

Speaking of thermo-nuclear devices, when he came I felt as if one gone off inside me. His cock seemed to get bigger, and it squirted what seemed like gallons of hot seed inside me. I too came like a runaway train and coated my chest and belly with my own humble offerings. He had come twice and produced more semen than I had in a lifetime, which confirmed in my fuzzy mind what a feeble man I was. And as if I needed reminding, I could feel his seed all over my cock, balls and ass, and deep inside me, like a hot, sticky paint, permanently marking me as not only a depraved twink slut, but HIS depraved twink slut.

After he had ceased shuddering through his orgasm he pulled out of me roughly and once again staggered back to his chair. I've no doubt he enjoyed the view of my cum soaked and still heaving chest, framed between my legs which remained spread even though my feet were now on the bed, and my empty, gaping, cum-dribbling, over-stretched man-cunt.

I looked up through the haze of unimagined sexual delight and smiled at him. He returned a smile. A softer, kinder smile than I had seen before, and why not? He had just got his rocks off big time, and I had played a significant role in that. But why did I smile at him? How could I smile at this man that I detested not more than one hour ago? How did being forced to suck his cock and take his cock up my ass change anything? What the hell was wrong with me?

"You enjoyed that, didn't you?"

He asked softly. "Damn you", I thought to myself, as the haze slowly lifted. Why must he torture me so? Had he not had his fun? His once proud cock was shrivelled up and drawn back into his body, clearly his needs had been well and truly taken care of. Why must he make me feel even more awkward?

"It's alright, I understand."

he continued,

"You're embarrassed. It's quite understandable. It must be very confronting for you - facing up to your sexual orientation for the first time. Am I right? I bet you expected it to be awful. Now you are trying to come to terms with how great it was. I am right, aren't I?

I tried to avoid his eyes and dodge his question, but the big globs of slowly drying cum that clung to my body reminded me of what went down here this afternoon. I did feel embarrassed, very embarrassed, but I was not about to make matters worse be trying to deny the inevitable.

"Yes, once I got into it, I really enjoyed it. You must be very good at .......... it."

I answered with surprising clarity, although I paused awkwardly before the word "it". I thought about saying "making love", but that seemed too soppy. "Fucking" seemed too restrictive, given what had gone on before he fucked me, "seduction" was not at all appropriate, and "blackmail" just seemed wrong. He smiled.

"Yes I am, aren't I?"

he answered with a wicked, satisfied laugh, before adding confidently,

"And you didn't just enjoy it, you loved it! You carried on like a real slut. You couldn't get enough of my cock could you? So, would you like to do it again, or are you going to pretend that you don't want to?"

I thought deeply about his question. If I was big enough I would have stood up and given him a hiding. Had I been witty enough, I might have come up with an appropriate come back. But all I could do was take it. I had to take his sarcasm and his arrogance in the same way I had taken his cock. 

"Oh yes, I'd love to do it again."

I heard myself answer. "Damn you, what are you saying?", my inner voice shouted at me, but as usual, it was too late.

He came over to the bed and pulled me up gently by the hands, so that my feet were touching the ground and I was sitting at the edge of the bed. He dragged a chair over and sat down in front of me. He stared directly into my eyes.

"Kid, I'm normally a 'fuck and forget' type of guy, but in your case, I might just make an exception, as long as you agree to my terms."

"And what would they be?"

I asked, more than just a little nervously.

"That's good, shows you're willing to listen - there's many a twink I've had who thinks that just because they let you fuck them, they own you! Some even think they can lay down the law to me! Hah!"

I didn't respond to his statement, nor did I join him as he laughed. He quickly got back to business.

"OK, simple rules, really. We're not a couple, so don't get clingy. You never contact me, I will contact you if I need to. We do it whenever and however I want. You will wear what I tell you to, and do whatever I say. You have sex with me and only me, and it's over when I say it's over. OK? You got any problems with that, if so, I'll walk away now."

"OK"

I heard myself answer, my whole body still alive with post orgasmic delight and my mind happy and sleepy.

"God dammit kid! You're in cock shock! You'd agree to anything, wouldn't you? I'll be pissed of if you agree to something you later can't deliver!"

He snapped and me, and slapped my face with his open hand. It was not enough to knock me over, but it stung like hell and certainly got my mind working.

"Oh, um, right!"

I mumbled, as my mind raced and I contemplated his rules.

"No, that's fine. I am not looking for a partner, I just want to have sex again. I cannot see why I would want to contact you. I am happy to do what you want, especially if this afternoon is any thing to go by! I should warn you that I have late lectures on Tuesday and Wednesday nights, which I cannot really miss. You know I have no money, so I am not sure that I will be able to meet your dress requirements, but I will do whatever I can to please you. I do not know many people here, and I study pretty hard, so I don't think there's much chance of me having sex with anyone other than you. I am ok with you calling it off whenever you feel the time is right, but I don't want that to happen – I need you to fuck me."

I answered. Gosh, it sounded all so business like. He nodded thoughtfully.

"OK, I'm a big enough man to be able to compromise, and I appreciate your straight-forward approach. Here's the deal, I won't bother you on Tuesday or Wednesday, but any other night is fair game. I realise you have no money, so I will supply whatever outfit I decide, and you will wear it without question. I forgot to say I like a drink after sex, but due to your financial situation, I will take care of that as well, although you will be expected to serve me a drink, whenever I require one. Do we have a deal?"
