 I wake up from our light slumber. I pick my face off your chest but you are still sleeping. I ease my way off your body and get up (thank goodness you're a sound sleeper). 

I tip-toe out of the room and head down to the bathroom. I turn on the shower and use the bathroom as it warms up. I step in and wash my hair and body. The warm water feels really good and so I just stand under it with my eyes close and feel so relaxed. 

All of a sudden I feel your presence behind me, and feel your limp cock rest in between my cheeks. Having you naked and so near me always gets me going. You circle your arms around my chest to embrace me and then look over your shoulder down to my rising crotch. 

"It seems that someone is happy to see me," you chuckle. 

"He's always happy to see you," I reply. Then I lean my head to the side and lean in for a soft kiss. "I'm always happy to see you too." 

We softly kiss for a second but then you pull your lips from mine and start to kiss the nape of my neck. You know that drives me crazy and I start to moan. You then lightly bite my ear lobe and that sends me into overdrive. You ease up because you want this to last, and you want to thank me for this morning. You kneel down behind me in the shower and say, "I think you missed a spot." 

Before I can ask what you're talking about, you dive tongue-first into my ass. I let out a little squeal and then just start moaning as you rim me for about five minutes. 

"I can't quite reach it with this equipment," you say and then spin me around. You start to lick just the head of my engorged cock as you knead my ass. The water is now running down my back and ass and so you start to slide first one and then two fingers in my ass. 

By now you are mouthing my balls and no matter how much I plead with my eyes, you won't take my dick in your mouth just yet. As you slide your third finger in my ass you start to lick up and down my cock, but still you won't let me in. As my breathing is becoming ragged you take me down to the root in one swift motion. 

You only bob once and then you say, "I'm gonna have to bust out the large equipment to get you totally clean." 

I giggle at your joke and then look down. "That is some rather large equipment there," I say. "I hope it will fit." 

"Oh don't worry about that," you say. "I know how to use it properly and I'm sure there won't be any problems." 

You then in an unexpected move pick me up and put my back to the shower wall. You line your cock up to my hole and start to inch it in. The water is now cascading down between us and my body is on fire with lust. I can't take this slow pace anymore and beg you to stick it all in. 

"Please stop torturing me baby and give it all to me. I need that large equipment to fill me up now." 

You grin and then with one thrust push the rest of your meat in. I lose my breath for a second and then can only pant as you start to piston in and out of me with your brute strength. The whole scene is too much and I feel my balls constricting. 

I lean forward and bite down on your shoulder and cum flies out of my cock and covers both of our chests without either of us touching it. As I explode, my ass clamps down. The added friction sends you over the edge and your spray my insides with your hot man juice. We both settle down a little and as your cock softens, you ease me down to the tile. 

I look at you with puppy dog eyes and say, "I'm all dirty again." 

"Hmmm, and that's just how I like you." 

We both laugh and then do a quick wash. We decide to take a bath to relax our tired bodies. I fill up the whirlpool tub next to the shower with hot water and you get in. I get in between your legs and then lay back on your chest. We stay like that until the water cools down. 

"It's only Saturday morning," you whisper in my ear. "I can't wait to see what the rest of the weekend brings." 

I turn to smile at you and we share a breath-taking French kiss. "Me either," is my only reply.