 Short installment but a continuation of Jim and John's story. 

*****

Over the next few months, Jim and I become really good friends, and we started doing things as couples. We went out to dinner, movies, whatever. There were times when we would just call and say, "Hey, we are having spaghetti, come on over." It was fun. Janey and Karen also became very close, going shopping or whatever. 

Jim and I, of course, fucked on a regular basis, but it sort of became the norm for me to bottom or suck him off, and him topping and maybe sucking me off. He has a great mouth and I do really enjoy him taking my load. He seemed to like cum a lot. I do too, but more than that I love the feeling of him exploding in my ass. We had lots of fun and it was much more than a friendship. We weren't gay, and I'm not sure that I would have done anything with any other guy. It just seemed right to get fucked by Jim. 

One evening, the four of us had an evening planned where Jim was going to grill steaks and we were just going to sit out by the pool and relax. Beautiful late summer day, enjoying good food and beers with good friends. That's a good life.

We got there fairly early in the evening, maybe 5:30 or 6, and Jim hadn't started the steaks yet. Karen got me a beer from the fridge and I went out to say hi to Jim. Janey and Karen started chatting, both of them having a glass of wine. 

Jim and I just shot the shit outside. He was cleaning the grill and was almost ready to start grilling. Pretty soon, we went inside to get the steaks. Jim leaned into the refrigerator, then stood back up and said, "Karen, where are the steaks?"

Karen looked at him. "I thought you got them? I didn't buy any. Shit. The rest of the food is almost ready!" 

"Well, no harm, John and I can just run down to the store and get some." He grabbed his keys and we started to the door. Karen stopped us.

"Jim, you've had a couple of beers, you probably shouldn't be driving. Janey and I can go. I can get some crusty bread and some more beer while I'm there. You go get the grill ready. The food is nearly ready so it can wait for half an hour."

Jim said, "Are you sure? John can drive, he's barely had a whole beer." 

Karen said, "Don't be silly. You don't mind do you, Janey? Let's let the boys relax for a little while." Janey nodded. "Sure, let's go. I'll tell you about that new shoe store I've been wanting to go to."

They grabbed Jim's keys and were out the door and gone soon after. Jim gave me an evil grin. "Come on, I've got something I want to show you." He started upstairs and I followed, assuming that we wouldn't risk anything since the girls would be back soon.

We got up to their bedroom and Jim grinned. I said, "What do you have to show me? You don't keep your golf clubs up here, do you?"

Jim turned to face me and said, "No, not golf clubs! Look!" And he pulled his shorts down. Jim, my handsome masculine Jim, was wearing a pair of light green panties! His cock was stiff and laying to the side, and he was already pumping out precum. He pulled off his shirt and then started rubbing his cock through the panties. "I decided to see if it was as fun for me as it was for you! Surprised?"

I stood there, mouth open, dumbfounded. He looked so fucking hot in his tight panties. They were simple little green bikinis, stretched tight on his hips and barely able to hold his gorgeous cock. Without saying anything, I dropped to my knees and put my hands on the front of his panties, feeling the throb of his cock in the palm of my hand. Jim groaned. He said, "Show me what you think, baby."

I put my mouth over the head of his cock and sucked and licked it, soaking the panties between us. I could taste his precum as his cock continued to throb. "Fuck, that feels so fucking good. Suck me, baby, please. I've been so horny all day thinking about sucking me!"

I pulled the front of his panties down and took his cock into my mouth in one motion. He pulled my head to his groin and started humping his hips in time to my bobbing. I had gotten used to taking his cock without gagging, so he could be a little aggressive without any issues. He was moaning and fucking my mouth. 

I had to reach down to my cock and adjust it. I wasn't going to have time to cum myself, but I had to keep from soaking my shorts with precum. I shoved my cock so that it was growing down my leg and that helped.

It was time for me to take care of Jim's cock. I sucked, licked, slurped and savored the feeling of his manhood, knowing that we couldn't take a lot of time but wanting him to enjoy it as much as he could. I sucked his balls, which were still tucked in the panties. He groaned again and said, "Fuck, John, you know what I like. But baby I need your mouth. I need to cum down your throat."

I moved back up and got serious about sucking him. I stroked the base while I kept bobbing and sucking. I could feel him getting harder and thicker, and I knew it wasn't going to be long. He was moaning and holding my head, gently pumping into my mouth. I gave him everything I had, and soon he was ready to pump me full of cum. He moaned, "Fuck, baby, here it comes!!"

His cock exploded with a savage power that I always enjoyed. The man knows how to use that thing. I held his rod in my mouth and swallowed it all. God, he tasted so good, so manly. I would never get tired of that feeling and flavor. 

Jim finished and relaxed, and I moved back a little bit so that he could recover. My cock was stiff but I knew it was going to have to wait. He would make it up to me as soon as he could. 

Jim pulled his shorts off and pulled the panties off, then went and got some boxers, then put his shorts and shirt back on, and soon he was presentable. I stood up, fixed my cock again, enjoying the feeling and knowing that Janey was going to get a pounding tonight when we got home. She would wonder what had gotten into me. 

We went downstairs, grabbed a couple of beers and went back outside. Jim went and lit the grill so that it could start getting hot. He turned back to me and, out of nowhere, said, "John, I fucking love you, you know? I don't know what I mean by that, but I wanted you to know."

I blushed, trying to figure out what to say. Finally, I said, "Jim, I love you too. It's not like with Janey, but you are very special to me. I'm glad to have you in my life."

He smiled and turned back to the grill, and we heard the car coming into the drive. I could see the girls come into the kitchen, laughing together. Soon, Karen came out with four marbled ribeyes on a platter, salted and peppered. She handed the platter to Jim, and he got them right on the hot grill. 

Karen said, "John, I have to tell you something. I'm glad you and Jim are friends. He seems happier since you met. Janey was saying something similar just now, and we like having our husbands happy. So thanks."

Speechless once again, I just smiled. Jim said, "John don't listen to her. I still think you're an asshole." He burst out laughing and we all joined in. 

I sat back and took a long pull on my beer. I'll be your asshole anytime, baby. Any time you want.