 When I work up on Sunday, two things were quickly apparent. First, the blustery weather of yesterday was long gone. It was bright and sunny outside. And the second thing I noticed was that my back was not that bad. 

Yeah, it was a little tight but nothing that I couldn't live with. A couple of Advil would have done the trick. As I stretched and sat up, my wife looked over. "How are you feeling?" 

"It's not bad but I still think I need to see Jim. We didn't set a time so I need to text him and find out what his day is like."

She looked at me a little bit strange. "You have his cell phone number?"

"Yeah, he wanted me to be able to get to him quickly if I needed some immediate help. He's a really nice guy. And he's really strong. Have you ever gone to him?"

Janey got out of bed, heading towards the bathroom. She's a quick riser and loves to take a shower first thing. I tend to linger a little longer in the morning. She said, "I've never had him, but I can switch if you think I should."

"He's really strong and I'm not sure you would like that. But I do love his personality. We could easily be friends. Isn't that weird?"

She pulled off her nightgown and I marveled at her still beautiful body. She was obviously the mother of three kids but I still lusted after her. We had a wonderful sex life and it had only gotten better over the years. I didn't want to do anything to hurt that, but I also knew that I couldn't do without Jim. But right now, I knew I wanted to fuck this woman. I said, "Janey, we don't really have to do anything, right? Why don't you just slip back in here and let's see what happens."

She laughed. "Not today, stud. I wish we could but we promised to meet the Johnsons for brunch, remember?"

Fuck. I forgot about that. "Oh alright. It's ok to dream, isn't it?" She came over and kissed me, deeply, and I pulled her in. She fell towards me and I felt her big tits against my chest. Her nipples scraped against mine, and my cock started to respond. 

"Soon, big boy. But not today. Tonight though? I'll meet you here about 10:30?" She got up and moved towards the bathroom, and soon I heard the shower start. 

Lying there, getting hornier by the minute, I struggled to wrap my arms around what I wanted. I love Janey, dammit, but Jim raised feelings in me that I never knew existed. But I also knew that I had to explore this side of me and find out more about myself. 

Before long, the shower stopped and Janey came out, naked and beautiful, drying her hair as she went to grab underwear. I had put the pink panties back in the drawer, but they were not clean and I worried that she would find them before I could wash them. 

But she pulled out plain black panties and quickly put them on, and then her bra was on and she was fully focused on getting to brunch. "Come on, lazy butt. Get your shower or we are going to be late." And I reluctantly took my shower and got ready for a fun-filled brunch with the Johnsons. 

Which was actually more fun than I expected, but mimosas can have that effect on people. As we were getting ready to go home, my phone pinged. It was Jim. 

"How's your back? Do you need to get together today? I should be free by 2:00?"

I quickly replied. "2:00 is perfect. See you there?"

"Great, see you then."

Janey and I said our goodbyes and got in the car for the ride home. "I'm meeting Jim at 2, ok?"

"Sure honey. I need to do some shopping, so I'll just head out when you do." 

"Perfect. Are you going to buy something sexy for tonight?"

She laughed. "I'm not sure your heart can take sexy clothes, old man!" 

We got home and time quickly passed. It was almost 2, and I needed to head to Jim's spa. But I had a little dilemma. He really seemed to like me in panties. Should I risk taking another pair of Janey's, or should I just wear my normal boxers? 

I texted Jim and said that I was going to be a little late, maybe 2:15. I was going to make a quick stop. 

I decided that I needed my own panties, so I went to Target and worked up the courage to buy panties. I picked up three pairs that were pretty cute, and I went to self checkout to pay. I saw Janey walk in as I walked out. Shit.

She stopped. "Hey! What are you doing here?"

Shit. "I needed to pick up some socks on the way to Jim's. I need golf socks."

She didn't seem to think anything of it, kissed me on the cheek. "Ok, see you at home around 5?" 

"Love you, baby."

One catastrophe avoided, but now I had to figure out how to change before I got to Jim's. I decided to throw caution to the wind and I changed in the car. My life is getting crazy, I thought, as I pulled my jeans back on, contorting myself to pull them up without looking like a pervert in a parking lot. 

Jim was sitting in his car when I pulled up. "Fuck man, I'm sorry, it's been a little crazy just now." 

He laughed and held the door open. "No problems. I hope everything gets better soon." As he closed and locked the door behind us, I thought, I think it's going to get better really soon.

The next few minutes were awkward, to be honest. Two straight guys meeting for sex is not an easy thing to navigate, and both of us seemed nervous. Jim asked if I wanted a drink, but I declined. 

He said, "Is the table ok for you? I don't have much else, but it's pretty narrow. Are you ok with it?" I nodded, and he led the way back to the therapy room. 

When we got inside, I said, "Jim, are you ok with this? I don't want to make you do anything you don't want." 

Jim said, "John, I'm fine, and I hope you are. I haven't thought about anything else since yesterday, and I want you so much. I hope you want me."

I smiled. "Perfect. But I also want to stay friends. I like you and I want to make sure that we don't do anything that makes you feel weird."

He said, "Well, I don't think I want to kiss or anything like that, ok? And no weird shit like pissing on you or anything."

"I agree. I just want to try things and I can't imagine anyone who would be sexier than you."

He didn't say anything. He just pulled off his shirt, and then reached for his pants. I stopped him. "Can I do that?", and I knelt down in front of him. He kicked off his flip-flops and leaned back against the table. 

I was almost giggling as I reached for the zipper of his jeans. I popped the button and pulled the zipper, then I fished his cock out while I pushed his jeans down and off. He was soft and the foreskin covered the head. I couldn't wait any longer, so I took his soft cock into my mouth. It was a hunger like I had never known before. I wanted his cock so badly. And he seemed to like my mouth, because his cock grew quickly and was soon hard. I peeled the foreskin back and licked the head, tasting the manly taste of him. He was musky and sexy. 

He pulled me to my feet. "You're overdressed. Let's see what we can do about that." He pulled my shirt off and he reached for my jeans. As he pulled them down, my new white panties came into view. He laughed. "I thought you only wore panties every now and then!" 

I said, "I do, but I thought you might like me this way. I won't do them every time, though."

He rubbed my cock and felt it grow in the panties. I threw my head back and enjoyed his tenderness. God, I didn't know where this was going but I do love the way this man makes me feel. 

He came close to me and said, "I want to hold you close and feel your body against me. Is that ok?" I nodded, shocked that he would think I would object. I pulled him to me and we hugged, feeling his nipples against mine. I couldn't help but think about doing this with Janey this morning. She was soft and sexy, his chest was firm and furry and sexy. The sensation in my chest was sending electric shocks to my balls. As he held me close, I moved my hands down and pulled his hips to me. His cock was stiff and I felt him against mine. As I held him close, he humped against me and let out this growl that said he wanted more. 

"God, you are so fucking sexy. You make me feel so good." "Me too, Jim. You have no idea."

We pulled away from our embrace, and his slid down my body, kissing my chest and nipples on the way. Soon he was staring at my crotch, my stiff cock covered by my white panties that barely held it in. He kissed the front of my panties and my cock responded. He took the head in his mouth and sucked softly through the fabric. It was an amazing sensation and I leaned back and let him work on me. The tension from the fabric combined with his saliva and tongue, well, it made me melt. 

And then he peeled my panties away from my hips and he took my 7 inches into his mouth as he slid them away. I was nude before him and he was worshipping my cock. My wife is great at blowjobs but Jim made love to my cock. I kind of thought that he wasn't crazy about sucking, but he pulled me in and took most of me in. I thought I would cum right then, and I did my best to hold back. But my God that man could suck a cock. 

As he continued to suck and lick my cock and balls, his hands worked around to my ass and I felt him probing for my asshole. My legs automatically spread to make it easier for him to find his way, and soon he was rubbing my ass and prodding the hole, gently but firmly. It was a wonderful moment that made me think of things to come, and I hoped that today he would make me his lover in every way. 

I think he would have sucked me to completion if I let him, but I wanted more. I pulled away, regretting the decision but knowing that he would make me feel even better soon. As he stood, he said, "Do you want a massage? How is your back?"

"Do you mind? Not a long one, but if you could loosen it up a little bit?" He smiled and helped me on the table. "I'll get you a towel for modesty!" I laughed and said that I think we were probably past that. 

As I got comfortable, Jim went and got some oil. He rubbed it into his hands and soon he went to work on the muscles of my back. It was relaxing and erotic and just added to my arousal. Once again, I felt my cock rubbing against the table and his hands pushing and kneading me was an intense feeling. I could have cum without much more happening, but I knew that I wanted to wait, so I tried to relax and just enjoy the massage. He moved to my ass and worked the muscles quickly. I knew he wanted to do a good job but he also wanted to get off as well. 

As he got close to finishing he said, "How does that feel? Better?" His hands glided over the back and ass as he talked. I said, "Well, it feels great but I still have a spot that needs to be rubbed." And I lifted my ass to give him my ass.

He took oil and put it on his hands, then went to work on my ass. He rubbed up and down the crack, gliding over my hole without entering, but putting pressure on it and making me groan in anticipation. My cock was under constant pressure while he worked my ass, and I knew again that I wanted him inside me. 

As soon as that thought came into my head, he slid his finger inside and I groaned once again. Fuck, this guy was good. He knew how to make me putty in his hands. I lifted my ass higher and he added his ring finger, fucking me and stretching me. The intensity was growing and I knew I couldn't wait much longer.

"Jim, I need you to fuck me. Please, don't make me wait. Will you fuck me today?"

He pulled his hand from my ass and motioned for me to roll onto my back. He said, "Well, if you're sure, I think I would like to try. i don't want to hurt you, baby."

I pulled him close and said, "Fuck me, Jim, give me your meat. I need to know how it feels to be fucked."

I pulled his cock to my mouth and sucked him hard. He was already big enough, but I wanted him to need my ass. So I licked and sucked and stroked and took as much as I could take. He held my head and gently fucked my mouth. But soon he said, "Careful baby, or you're not going to get what you want."

I reluctantly gave up my toy, and he moved around the room and grabbed some oil. He covered his cock with sesame oil and then put more on his fingers to apply to my ass. When he thought that my ass was lubricated, he climbed up and got between my legs. I tilted my hips and spread my legs. I was nervous and afraid and excited, all at the same time. I suddenly had a fear that I would never be able to take his thick cock in my little ass, but it was too late to turn back. Well, he would have stopped if i asked him to, but there was no way I was backing out. 

I was on my back, legs spread, eagerly awaiting the feeling of my lover's cock. He was kneeling at my hips and then he took his cock in his hand, and I could feel him rubbing the head against me. My rectum seemed so small all of a sudden, but I tried to relax it and make it easier to take. As he rubbed against me, there was an intensity coming from him. He wanted to cum and I wanted it as well. He continued to rub, the feelings grew, the pressure intensified. With every stroke against my rectum, he pushed just a little bit harder, opening just a little more every time. I was close to begging by this time, and he was excruciatingly slow. Finally I felt the head of his cock start to work its way in, and he kept pushing forward. The head was in, I was being stretched wider than I thought possible, and I wanted more. He soon let go of the shaft and push it in with his hips. The feeling was out of this world, more erotic than I thought possible. I was full of cock, and he was only halfway in. 

Jim was so patient and went slowly, making sure that I was ok. Finally I said, "Jim, fuck me, baby, give me all of your cock. I can take it, so get that meat inside me!" And Jim obliged, sliding the rest in with one thrust.

Fuck that hurt. He was a lot bigger than I realized, and I wasn't sure if I could keep going. But Jim just kept it inside me, not moving while I took a few seconds to get used to his girth. Fuck me, that's a big cock. I almost smiled as I thought that I should have started with something smaller. 

However, the pain went away and Jim started fucking me in earnest. His hips moved against me, and I could feel his big balls starting to slap against my ass. We were really fucking now, Jim sliding in and out, keeping a good rhythm. Meanwhile, I'm enjoying every sensation, every nerve ending being assaulted by his dick. For a man who never fucked a man, he knew what to do. I pulled him close, urging him inside, wrapping my legs around his waist as he kept pounding away. 

He was breathing hard and became more insistent, and I knew he wouldn't last much longer. I needed his cum to fill my ass, the desire for his cum was overpowering everything else. I squeezed his cock with my ass muscles and he groaned again. He was so close to shooting, I knew. He was pounding away at my hole now, no more gentle strokes. I was just a pussy to him, something that could get him off, and that was what I wanted to be for him. I craved his load. 

The feeling of his cock pounding into me was so intense that it was all I could think of. My own cock was hard and dripping and throbbing, and I thought that I might cum without even touching it. But I did touch it, reaching down and stroking, hoping to cum along with him. 

Jim's entire focus was on getting off. His eyes were closed and he was consumed with fucking me hard and filling me up. God, he looked so intense and masculine as he shoved his whole cock in with every stroke. Finally, he grabbed my hips and pulled me hard against him, and then he let out this growl while I felt his cock stiffen inside me, then it pulsed and I felt the first shot of his cum splash into me. He let go with four or five more big jets of cum. I couldn't hold back after that and I shot my load onto both of us, our chests both catching the blasts of cum from me. It was the most erotic thing I've ever experienced. 

Jim slumped against me, and I held him close while we recovered. I rubbed his strong back and, without thinking, kissed him gently on top of his head. "Oh fuck Jim, that was incredible. You were amazing. I can't believe you've never done that before." 

His body relaxed and his breathing slowed as we laid there together. I unwrapped my legs and I could feel his cock returning to normal. His cum was dripping down my ass, so he got up and got us both damp towels. We were sweaty and covered in cum. Jim said, "I think we both need showers. Care to join me?" 

I never knew that they had a small shower room in there, but we both got up and went back to the shower. As we washed, we didn't cuddle or anything, but we both washed the other's back. My ass was sore and still pumping out cum, but I washed it away as much as I could, hoping that the rest wouldn't be too noticeable later on. 

I said, "Are you ok, Jim?" 

Jim said, "Hell yes. How are you? I mean, I never expected to do that in my life, but I don't regret it at all. It was strange and wonderful. Different than fucking a woman but really hot. Did you like it?"

I said, "I loved it. I never thought of myself as the kind of man who would let another man fuck me, but there's this feeling of power that flows out of you when you are fucking. It's so erotic and I think I want more of it, maybe?" I didn't know if we would continue doing this, but I hoped that we would.

He smiled. "I hope we can. It's just figuring out how to make it happen, that's all. And maybe you can fuck my ass next time. I don't know if I would like it but who knows? I never thought that I would like a man in panties!" 

We dried off and got dressed, and I hoped that my panties would keep his cum from soaking my jeans. There was still a lot coming out, and I realized that he must have pumped a huge load into me. That thought was a turnon, knowing that I was able to give him that much pleasure. 

As we walked out, he said, "Well, I know this is kind of weird, but can I give you a hug? I feel like I need to hug you, ok?"

Of course it was ok. We embraced and I enjoyed the feeling of his strong arms around me one more time. I didn't know where we were headed but I did love the feeling of this man.