 Jim and I met for the first of my weekly massages on Thursday of the following week. We had fucked for the first time on Sunday, but we hadn't talked or anything since then. I got a call from his office reminding me of my appointment on Thursday at 4:30. It was kind of a surprise but I wasn't complaining! 

I was wondering if Jim was expecting me to wear panties, and what he would want from me when we met. But I finally decided that I would wear normal boxers, and that we could just let nature take its course. I was hoping that we would do something together, but I went in without any plans. First of all, I knew that some people would still be there at 4:30, so I assumed that we would have to be very discreet. Second, I didn't want to force him into doing something if he thought that it would endanger his regular life. So I would just go and get a massage, and then if anything happened, well, it would be fun.

When I arrived, the girl at the front desk was professional and everything was just like normal. Jim came out to greet me right at 4:30, and he said to the girl, "Taylor, you don't need to hang around. John and I are going to go out for a beer after his massage. We have become buddies." He laughed, she laughed, I laughed. She seemed grateful to get out early so she was out the door a couple of minutes later. 

As I undressed, Jim went out and locked the doors. When he came back in, I was lying on the table on my stomach with a towel over my hips just like normal. As Jim closed the door, he said, "How's your back? Are you feeling better?" He went over and grabbed some oil, pouring it on his hands and rubbing them together. 

"It's fine, for the most part. Just a little achy but nothing unusual." Jim started rubbing my lower back while standing to my side. I enjoyed the work he was doing. He really was a great masseur and had done wonders for me already. I felt my body melt into the table as got down to business.

Once he was done working on my lower back, he pulled the towel off of my hips and saw my boxers. He said, "Oh, I was wondering if you wore panties all of the time. It's nice to see that you wear normal clothes too!" He slapped my ass and said, "Roll over, stud. I want to see your cock!" 

I rolled onto my back and my cock came out of the front of my boxers, standing there already hard and eager. Jim had this hungry look and, without saying anything, leaned down and took my cock into his mouth. I groaned from the sensations. This guy was a natural cocksucker. 

After just a few seconds of him working on me, he let my cock go and stood back up. He said, "So, I've been thinking, John, about us. I have loved our times together so far, ok? You make me feel things I've never felt before. And I think we should be free to talk about what we like. So, what I want is, I want to try getting fucked. I've never even thought about it before, but I want to know what it feels like. I'm not sure if I can go through with it, but I really want to try. I want to share this with you. Is that ok?"

I was stunned. I never imagined fucking him. I guess I just assumed that he wouldn't want to do that, and I liked taking his cock in my ass. After a few seconds of stunned silence, Jim said, "Well, if you don't want to, that's fine. I don't want to put you in an awkward position."

I shook my head and said, "No, Jim, it's not that. I'm just surprised. I never thought about fucking you. Weird, I know, but it just didn't cross my mind. But I would love to fuck your tight ass, baby."

He helped me get up and then he started to undress. "I've been having this fantasy about getting fucked from behind while leaning over the table. We are both about the same size, so I think that would work. Are you willing to try it?"

He pulled down his boxer briefs and his cock was pointing straight out. He was obviously excited about this, and it all sounded good to me. I reached out and started stroking him. I said, "That sounds so hot. I hope you like it, but tell me if you need me to stop, ok?"

Jim said, "I've been hard all day thinking about this, and I don't think I can wait much longer. I'll be shooting all over the room if you keep stroking me, so come on. Fuck me, baby, I want to feel you inside me now!"

I moved behind him and pulled my boxers off, my cock already throbbing in anticipation. I really had thought that we would probably suck each other off today but now i was getting excited at the thought of filling his ass with my seed. 

Jim handed me the oil and said, "Get me nice and lubed. I'm pretty nervous about you fitting inside me!" He leaned over the table, and I got to admire the muscles of his ass and legs. He was more muscular than me, but not so big that he couldn't move. Just hard, firm and well-defined. He was leaning on his elbows, looking back over his shoulder, clearly nervous.

I leaned over him and kissed his ass. "Relax, baby, I'll be gentle. Just tell me if you need a break." Then I poured oil on his ass and let it dribble down his crack. I reached down and felt for his asshole, and I rubbed the oil over the outside. Jim groaned, and I slowly pushed my index finger inside of him. 

"Oh fuck that feels so good." He pushed against my hand as I worked my finger in and out a little bit, trying to help him get used to the feeling. He said, "Push another one in, John. I want more."

I added my middle finger to his ass and started working them both in. He spread his legs and gave me more access to work on him. I pulled out my fingers and then put my middle and ring fingers inside, shoving them all the way in. He groaned again and I reached around and started to tweak his nipple with my left hand. "Fuck yeah! Fuck that feels so good!" He started humping his hips against my hand, and we developed a rhythm as I stretched his ass. 

After a minute or so, Jim said, "John, baby, I can't wait. Get that big cock of yours inside me now!" He reached behind his back and was searching for my cock. I reluctantly pulled my fingers out, and I put some oil on my cock, rubbing it all over to make sure that I was well-covered.

I moved closer to him now and put my cock into his crack, sliding it up and down while holding his hips. He was practically begging me now, so I grabbed my cock and put it against his hole. Jim said, "Shove it in. Don't worry about me, just shove it in." But I knew better than to go too fast, so I just pushed the head against him while his ass opened for me. I could see the head start to slide inside, and the feeling was incredible. He groaned, and I pushed a little harder, sliding the head in. 

He said, "God, that feels so fucking good. Don't stop, John, fuck me baby!"

I pulled out a little bit and then pushed a little more inside, maybe another inch. Then, slowly, I kept pushing more and more inside. He winced a couple of times but didn't ask me to stop. I was about halfway in when I said, "Are you ok? Do you need me to stop for a minute?"

Jim said, "I'm fine. Don't worry, I'm fine. Just keep going. It feels so fucking good!"

I kept pushing then, going faster, sliding more in without pulling back. I just kept moving my cock slowly forward, waiting for him to stop me. One long, slow stroke. And then I was completely inside him, my balls bouncing against his. I just held it there, allowing him to get the full effect. I put my hands on his hips again and started to slowly pump a little bit. He kept talking, saying, "Oh yeah, fuck me baby. Give it to me. I want you to fuck me baby. Don't hold back, just fuck my ass!"

So I poured a little more oil on his ass and my cock and started pumping. The feeling of tightness was different from any pussy I've ever had. It was tight all the way down to the tip, and he seemed to be squeezing me with his muscles. I started fucking him like I would fuck a woman, not worrying about hurting him any more. I wanted to fill him up. I wanted to get my rocks off. I was in fucking mode. I was slamming my cock into him, pulling his hips to me with every stroke. My balls were slapping against his, and the feeling just added to the pleasure. I reached under him and squeezed his sack gently, feeling the weight of his balls as I kept fucking away.

Jim was moaning and asking me to fuck him harder. My cock was fucking huge by this time, and I knew that I was close. I said, "I'm going to cum, Jim, are you ready for me to shoot my load? Do you want my cum, baby?"

"Oh yeah, baby, give it to me. Breed me, make me your bitch, John. i want to feel your cock explode!"

With one last push, I shoved myself all the way in and my cock shot deep into his rectum. I could feel his ass squeeze my cock and pull even more cum out of me. I shouted as my cock emptied. I collapsed onto his back when I was spent. His back was hot and sweaty and I kissed him just below his neck. He groaned and said, "Play with my cock! I need to cum so bad! Shoot my cum!"

I reached around him and grabbed his throbbing cock, rubbing it hard as he begged for release. My cock was still hard inside him, pushing against his prostate. He bellowed, "FUCKKKKK!", and I felt his cock explode in my hand, shooting his load all over the room. I felt his ass squeeze HARD on my cock as he came, so hard that it almost hurt. But the sensation of sharing his orgasm was mind-blowing. 

As he came down from his orgasm, I pulled my shrinking cock out of his ass. My cum started dribbling out and down his leg. His asshole was still gaping, as though it wanted to be filled again. I grabbed his ass and massaged one of the cheeks, feeling the strength of the man that I had just made love to. Yes, we fucked, but it was more than just sex. I had a genuine fondness for Jim, and I loved making him feel things that his wife could never share, the same feelings he gave to me. Our wives would never understand the relationship that two men could have, the feeling of power that we shared with each other. 

Jim stood up, my cum running down his leg, his cum all over the table. I grinned sheepishly, and said, "So? What did you think? Was it bad?" 

He laughed. "Bad? It was fucking incredible! I never imagined that getting a cock in my ass would be so fucking good! You are amazing!" He turned and spontaneously hugged me, pulling me close, and I could feel our cocks rubbing together. I started getting hard again. So did he. 

This wasn't a brotherly hug. It was a lovers' embrace. He kissed my shoulder, and I kissed his neck. We started pushing our hips together, our cocks becoming more aroused even after our hot fucking. I loved the feeling of his cock against mine, and I reached down and held them both in my hand, stroking them. Feeling the hardness grow in our cocks, hearing his breathing getting harder again. Stroking our cocks, not really trying to get us off, but just enjoying the feeling of his hardness against mine. Jim reaches down and covers my hand, helping me stroke us. It was such an intimate embrace. We were hugging, but we were also stroking each other and feeling the strength growing in our cocks. 

I pulled back from our hug, but I kept stroking us, and so did Jim. I looked into his eyes, and I did something I never thought I would do. I leaned in and kissed him. Gently, afraid that he would turn and run. 

But he opened his mouth, and we kissed, deeply and passionately. Stroking harder, in unison, sucking his tongue into my mouth. I kissed his neck, his ear. He groaned, and then he leaned over and sucked on my nipple. I love to have my wife suck on my nipples but I didn't think Jim would ever do that to me. I held his head to my chest and he feasted on my nipple. I moaned and I said, "Fuck Jim, I'm going to cum again if we keep going!" I felt his smile while he moved his mouth to my other nipple. Stroking us harder, he drove me over the edge again, and I came all over our hands and our dicks. We didn't stop stroking, but used my cum to lubricate the stroking and soon his cock stiffened and he shot his load on top of mine. 

We moved back from each other then, releasing our cocks, catching our breath. I moved back and kissed him gently on the lips, and he returned the kiss. A gentle kiss between two lovers. 

"So, still want to go for a beer?"