 "Ow damn it!" Tyler shouted at the top of his lungs, looking down at his wrist. Ew. His wrist was floppy and swollen. 

"Hey, Ty, what you shouting about?" Matt asked coming into his room.

"Get the hell out Matt, I'm naked." Tyler shouted again.

"Dude, were best friends I've seen you naked plenty of times." Matt finally noticed his wrist. "Ew, what the hell happened." 

"I was jacking off too hard, what the fuck do you think happened?" Tyler shouted again, he was really losing his patience and his wrist hurt like a bitch. 

"Yeah yeah, stupid question." 

Matt was standing in front of him with a pair of boxers in his hands. He wrapped his hand around Tyler's underarm and tugged him up. Tyler watched Matt kneel in front of him and gulped quietly. He willed his cock not to get hard, luckily the pain in his wrist was enough to distract him from his best friend in a tasty position. 

Matt tugged the boxers over Tyler's hips doing his best not to look at the flaccid cock in front of his nose. Tyler's straight you idiot keep that in mind, he kept thinking it over and over in his head. Next he grabbed jeans sweat pants and pulled them up and over Tyler. He stood up and sighed, Tyler was clutching his wrist to his chest.

"How the hell did you fall out of bed and break your wrist?" He blurted out, Tyler just glared at him.

Matt grabbed a shirt and held it up, "Sorry, mate this is going to hurt like hell." 

Tyler closed his eyes and groaned when Matt tugged his arm through the shirt sleeve. It was over in a matter of minutes. Matt helped Tyler into the car and buckled him in. 

"Er..Matt?" 

"Yeah?" 

"I think I'm going to pass out." Tyler said seconds before he did.

***

When Tyler woke up he was at home in his own bed. Matt was sitting at his laptop when he shifted enough for him to notice. 

"Hey, sleepyhead, how you doing?" 

Tyler lifted his wrist up and grunted when he felt the weight of the cast on it. He looked towards it and chuckled. It was bright orange and written in black over it was ' No more tennis for a while, hope it heals well, Love Matt.' Tyler smiled at the 'Love' his friend always had a thing for showing his affections. 

"I am tired and this is heavy." He finally replied. 

"Dude, they dosed you up on pain killers." Matt said turning back to the computer and closing down pages. 

"Hey, what you looking at over there?" 

"Huh, oh nothing." Matt whispered. He so was not going to tell Tyler that he was ordering sex toys off the web. He heard shuffling before a bare-chested Tyler was standing next to him. He held his wrist to his chest and was looking curiously at the screen. 

Matt slammed the laptop screen down and put it in his backpack. Matt slung his backpack over his shoulder and walked into his bedroom dropping the bag onto his bed before going into the kitchen to get an ice cold beer. 

"You know you don't have to get touchy, I only asked what you were looking at." Tyler said from the doorway of his bedroom. 

"Sorry, I don't want to know." Matt said loud enough so Tyler could hear before chugging back the bottle of beer.

"Dude! You were looking at porn!" Tyler shouted. 

Matt choked on the beer, spewing it out of his mouth and down his shirt. 

"I was not looking at porn." Matt growled. He tugged his shirt off and stuffed it into the washing machine. Tyler sat down in the kitchen chair and sighed loudly. 

"Tell me please?" Tyler gave his best puppy eyes. 

Matt swallowed hard and shook his head. He turned away and started washing the dishes from last nights dinner. Tyler came up next to him and started clumsily drying the dishes. Matt knew better than to tell Tyler to stop, he was hard headed. Matt finished and cleared the bubbles away.

"I'm going to bed." He mumbled, rushing towards his room and locked the door. He had been best friends since they were toddlers. Just friends were just friend's, he thought to himself glumly. How he wished could be more then friends. 

Matt paced around his room, pulled his laptop out of his backpack, put it on the bed, paced more. He lifted the edge of his mattress and sighed, he hid his magazines under here, not the normal kind, the muscle men kind, Matt had always had a thing for dark haired, green eyes, muscle men, just like Tyler. 

Tyler would never like him, Matt thought to himself. Tyler always fucked girls with big boobs, blonde hair and couldn't tell left from right. Three things wrong with that sentence, one he was a guy and two he didn't have boobs and thirdly he wasn't stupid, far from it. He had the blonde hair and blue eyes, the typical Californian looks. 

Matt stripped and climbed into bed lying on his back. His hand wondered down towards his cock and he gripped it in a firm grasp. He thought about his constant jerk off fantasy, Tyler fucking him, hard. Matt opened his bedside drawer and looked at the contents, a huge bottle of lube, condoms and a dildo. 

Matt grabbed the dildo, slicked it up and shoved it in his ass, he relished in the slight burn, moaning he slammed the dildo in and out of his ass with force, Matt never was one for gentle fucking, he reached up and twisted one of his nipples painfully and groaned loudly. He gripped his cock harder and swept his hand over the head to catch the pre come, twisting the dildo he pegged his prostate just as his cock swelled in his hand and then erupted almost painfully. Hot gets of come landed on his stomach, his hand and some on his chest. 

"Tyler!" he shouted when he came. 

Matt pulled the dildo out with a gasp and a moan then chucked it carelessly on the floor, he'd sort it tomorrow.

****

Tyler woke up to moaning, he went to bed when Matt went to bed. He'd been asleep all of five minutes before the sounds woke him up, he climbed out of bed and followed the noises, they were coming from Matt's room. 

Tyler knelt in front of Matt's door and peered through the keyhole, he barely held back a gasp. Matt was slamming a dildo in and out of his ass. Tyler's cock started to harden so he reached down to grab it, but his rotten luck caused him to have broken his jerk off hand. 

"Damn it." He whispered to himself. 

Tyler reached down with his other hand and started to clumsily jerk off with it. He groaned in frustration when he couldn't grip it hard enough. Tyler looked around and spotted Matt's shirt he was wearing a few days ago, he grabbed it, balled it up and started thrusting his hips into the soft cotton and sighing blissfully.

Tyler's cock erupted and he stifled a moan, he always closes his eyes when he comes but not this time, this time he wanted to see Matt come. Half a dozen strokes later Matt came, hard by the looks of it, Tyler gasped when he heard the word being shouted. He quickly stood up and ran into his bedroom, he lied down on the bed with a sigh. 

Soon, Tyler thought to himself, I'm going to fuck him. Hard. 

****

Matt slammed the door closed and looked at the box in his hands with a grin. He sat on the sofa and placed the box on the table. Matt got up and grabbed a beer from the fridge and a knife. He sat back down on the sofa, opened his beer, then sliced the knife through the tape. He grinned and grabbed the black vibrator out of the box. Matt took a swig of his beer before switching it on. 

The black vibrator buzzed loudly and Matt felt the vibrations moving his arm. He grinned and turned it off, he could not wait to put that in his ass. So why should I?, he thought, Tyler was out with some other friends and he had no where to be. He had more toys to look at but his cock was already rock hard.

With a chuckle he grabbed the big bottle of lube he purchased out of the box, stripped and sat back on the sofa. Matt spread his legs wide on the sofa and lubed his ass up and the vibrator. To be honest with himself he was kind of scared, this vibrator was a lot bigger than his dildo and thicker too. Matt grabbed the vibrator and placed it against his stretched hole. 

Matt shrugged to himself and turned the vibrator on, he moaned quietly and pushed it in slowly. Matt whimpered quietly, he thought cocks must be bigger than this, he knew for certain that Tyler's was. Matt was a virgin and there was only one person he wanted to take his cherry.

With a groan Matt pushed the vibrator in and turned it on full. He closed his eyes and moaned loudly, the vibrations going through his body where intense. Matt held his cock tightly and sighed when the vibrator started to move. Wait a minute, move!, Matt's eyes popped open and he gasped and started struggling to get away. 

"Matt, sweetheart, calm down, enjoy it." 

"T...Tyler...What are you doing?" Matt ended the question with a loud moan when Tyler pegged his prostate. 

"Making you feel good, Mattie, always making you feel good." Tyler whispered seconds before his lips descended on Matt's. Matt kissed back shyly and groaned quietly when Tyler pulled away. 

"Why?" Matt asked around a groan. 

"I love you, Mattie, I have always loved you, I realised I wanted to be more than friends a few weeks ago, when I saw you with a dildo up you ass." 

Matt gasped and turned a delicate shade of red. Tyler chuckled, then stripped his clothes of quickly as he could with one broken wrist. Tyler knelt in front of him again and with a wicked grin grabbed the vibrator and pulled it out of him and just as quickly slammed it into him again. 

"Fuck Tyler!" Matt moaned loudly and shifted around on the sofa. 

Tyler swooped down and swallowed Matt's cock whole, he sucked hard and scraped his cast along Matt's balls gently, Tyler chuckled when Matt's cock twitched in his mouth. Tyler licked the vein running up Matt's cock and sucked the head inside his mouth, twirling his tongue around the slit and inside, all the while moving the vibrator. 

"Going to come,Ty." Matt gasped out.

Tyler swallowed his cock whole again and moaned along with Matt when he felt hot, salty come coat his tongue. He pulled off and licked his lips, then pulled the vibrator slowly out, turning it off. Tyler then pulled Matt's legs down gently and kissed him, sharing his flavour with him. Matt moaned and swept his tongue inside Tyler's mouth. The boys kissed for what felt like an eternity to Tyler. Eventually they pulled away from each other with smiles.

"I love you too, Ty, I always will and I always have." Matt whispered against his lips.

"Good, don't forget it either." Tyler grinned and kissed him hard quickly. 

"Will...we...you know?" Matt whispered. 

"Will we what Mattie?" Tyler asked with a nasty grin.

"Don't make me say it, Ty" From his hairline to his stomach was a deep red.

"Then I don't know what your talking about." 

"Are we going to fuck?" He said quickly.

"What I didn't catch that?" Tyler chuckled. 

"Are we going to fuck?" Matt asked slower.

"No." Tyler said.

"Oh...okay." Matt said, trying to keep the disappointment out of his voice, he stood up and grabbed his jeans, but Tyler grabbed his arms.

"Were not going to fuck Matt, because were going to make love." Tyler said sincerely. "You could never be a fuck to me Matt, I love you too much to just fuck you."

"Oh...Okay." Matt said with a grin. 

"So what else is in this box of yours?" Tyler asked and grabbed the box. 

"Tyler don't, leave it alone!" Matt tried to make a grab for the box, but Tyler was too fast. 

"You said you loved me, we share everything if were lovers, Mattie." Tyler said, then tipped the box upside down, two more dildo's fell out, anal beads, more lube, a cock ring and a catalogue. Tyler giggled and picked up the anal beads. Matt blushed again and turned away. 

"You were going to use all of these on yourself, baby?" Tyler asked, Matt just nodded quickly. 

"Kneel on the sofa and bend over." Tyler said. 

"W..Why?" Matt stuttered.

"I'm going to put these beads inside you ass, baby." Tyler said seriously, "You let me play with you, then you can do anything you want to me." 

"Anything?" Matt whispered. 

"Anything." Tyler said and kissed Matt's cheek. 

"O..Okay then." Matt knelt on the sofa and bent over the back, putting his hole on display, his cock already hardening. Tyler kissed the back just above his ass, then kissed each ass cheek, Matt shifted then waited for the beads to start pushing in, Matt squeaked when he felt a hot, wet tongue lick the his tiny rosette, Tyler kept licking at his ass, finally the muscle started to loosen and then Tyler pushed his tongue inside his hole. 

Matt moaned and pushed back towards Tyler's mouth, Tyler speared his tongue in and out of the tiny, tight hole, eventually Tyler pulled his tongue out and with one last kiss to his ass, Tyler stood up. 

"W...Where are you going?" Matt moaned. 

"To get a condom, I want inside that tight ass, baby." Tyler said. 

"Ty..Tyler...Can...Can we wait a little while first...please?" Matt whispered his head buried in his arms. 

"If your not ready, babe, we will wait, you know I won't hurt you right? You trust me, don't you?" 

"Y..Yeah, I do, Ty, but I'm a...a virgin." He whispered the last bit. 

"All those dates you went on?" 

"Never touched them, they all knew I had feelings...for you." 

"Oh." Tyler kissed his back and sat on the sofa next to him. "Hug me?" 

Matt snuggled into Tyler's embrace and sighed deeply. Tyler kissed his head and smiled. "I love you baby." 

"Do you still want me?" Matt whispered against his chest.

"Of course I do, Mattie, I've been dreaming about sleeping with you for a long long while."

"Have you ever slept with a guy?" Matt's blue eyes looked up at him.

"A couple, when I started dreaming about you, I thought it was just a phase, you know?, so I fucked and I fucked but I never got the satisfaction, so I thought what the hell, you either shoot me down or I get a chance with you. Then I saw you today and I couldn't help myself." 

"Oh." 

Tyler laughed, "I tell you all that and you say 'Oh', unbelievable." Matt laughed along with him. "Lets go to bed, Mattie." 

"It's only 2.30, Ty."

"Who said anything about sleeping?" Tyler winked. 

"Your bad." Matt chuckled.

"Only with you, baby, only with you." 

"Love you."

"I love you too, forever."

Matt walked into the Tyler's bedroom and lied on the bed, waiting for Tyler to come back, he came back with his arms full of toys and the catalogue, he dumped them all on the bed and climbed in with Matt. Matt sat up on his elbows and looked at all the toys, half of them where not his. There were dildo's, a cock pump, vibrators and leather cuffs. Matt eyed Tyler when he sat with him.

"What?" Tyler asked innocently.

"Handcuffs, seriously?" 

"What you never wanted to be cuffed up?" 

"No!" 

"Liar." Tyler whispered against his lips. 

"Once or twice." he mumbled. Tyler kissed him hard, teeth clacking together, tongues duelling for dominance, of course Tyler won. Kisses never were a good thing for Matt but when he kissed Tyler he was in heaven. Cuffs snapped around his wrists and then to the headboard.

"Er...Tyler?...What are you doing?"

"You said you thought about this." Tyler murmured. 

"Yeah...but...I want to touch." 

"I don't want to let you touch me yet or I will blow." Tyler licked his nipples. Matt shifted away. 

"Sensitive." he whispered. Tyler grinned and licked them again. 

"I bet I could make you come from just licking and tugging your nipples." Tyler whispered. 

"No...Tyler...Please don't." 

Tyler chuckled evilly and suckled one nipple while twisting and tugging the other nipple. Matt moaned and arched, Tyler laughed and swapped nipples, watching Matt's cock twitch. Tyler bit down hard and laughed when Matt moaned loudly.

"Ty...Tyler stop...You proved me wrong...stop!" Matt babbled. 

"No." 

Matt groaned and bowed his back, Tyler bit his nipple again and grinned when Matt's cock shot stream after stream of pearly white come. Tyler kept licking and biting until Matt started to whimper. Tyler sat up and grinned. 

"I told you, I could." 

"Let me go, I want to make you come." Matt whispered, his voice hoarse. 

"No, I'm going to put the beads in your ass, then a dildo, then I'm going to put my cock up there if you let me." 

"Tyler." Matt moaned. 

"You'll love it, babe I promise." Tyler said before he gave Matt a rough kiss. 

"I love you, Ty."

"I know, sweetheart."

Tyler pushed his legs up and pushed them wide, Tyler licked his hole once and grabbed the beads, sliding the smallest one in first. Matt moaned quietly and pushed back. Tyler kept popping the beads inside Matt's ass gently and smiled when he got to the biggest one. 

"Take a deep breath, babe, this one might sting a little big."

Matt took a deep breath and just as he was about to exhale Tyler pushed the ball inside. Matt cried out and jerked his hips. 

"How do you feel?"

"Um...full and stretched." 

"I'm going to start pulling them out, babe." Tyler slowly pulled the string attached to the beads and pulled gently, the biggest bead came out with a pop. Matt giggled then moaned when Tyler tugged the beads out quickly. Tyler watched Matt's hole clench and unclench. He ducked down and swiped his tongue over Matt's cock, to his surprise come splattered his cheek, forehead and lips. 

"Oh, God, I am so sorry Tyler." Matt babbled to him again.

"Babe, it is okay, I promise." He licked the come of his lips and wiped his cheek and forehead then cleaning his fingers off the come.

"Please, let me go, I want to make you come." Matt gave Tyler the puppy eyes.

"Oh, babe you know I can't resist those eyes." Tyler said as he undone the cuffs and rubbing his wrists. 

"My wrist is hurting like a bitch." Tyler groaned and flopped onto the bed. 

"I can make you forget, baby." Matt whispered. 

"Yeah, really?, what you going to do to me?" 

"I'm going to fuck myself on your cock." Matt grinned and chuckled. 

"Oh fuck, Yes!" Tyler shouted and grabbed Matt's waist, trying to flip them. 

"No..No..I'm on top, Please?" 

"Okay, then, not like I could fuck you anyway." 

Matt grabbed one of the condoms and rolled it on Tyler's cock then burst out laughing. 

"What you laughing..." Tyler's voice trailed off when he looked at his cock, it was covered in green, blue and pink stripes. Tyler chuckled and grabbed Matt around the waist. 

"Where did these come from?" 

"The box, I got them free." Matt stopped laughing enough to answer him. Matt stopped laughing when Tyler's fingers started prodding at his hole. Matt moaned and grabbed his latex covered cock, putting it against his entrance. Ever so slowly he started inching down his cock. 

Matt slammed down and sat moaning quietly then whimpering. It hurt, it burns, Tyler rubbed his back in circles. 

"Take your time, sweetheart." He said in a strangled voice. 

Matt slid up slowly then dropped back down, moaning loudly. The burn turned into a magnificent pleasure and Matt started fucking himself on Tyler's cock fast. They fucked like this what felt like hours, in Matt's mind, but eventually his cock started to swell, Tyler grabbed it and jerked him off hard and fast. Matt's cock erupted for the fourth time that night. 

Tyler watched as Matt came again and finally gave himself over to the pleasure rippling around him. Matt flopped onto his chest and there sweat slicked chests stuck together. Slowly Matt pulled climbed off his cock and shifted a little. 

"Er...Tyler?"

"Yeah, babe?" 

"I have come dripping out of me." 

"We used a condom though." Tyler eventually looked at his cock and gasped, there was a huge tear on the condom. 

"I'm clean, babe, I swear I would never endanger you."

"I know I'm clean too, it just feels weird." 

Tyler pulled the condom off and chucked it on the floor, then pulled Matt into his arms. 
