 Guys. I have done many things with Julia but never quite as much as I have with Marcus. Any of you who have shared a deep intimate relationship with another guy will understand just how utterly impelling it can be, ones whole life centres around it, physically and emotionally and if that precious relationship terminates it is easy to want to end it all.

Then you can imagine how it was for me when, after five years, Marcus dumped me for a coloured guy who, he said so cruelly, was exiting - not boring as I had become, he just didn't have to say that - we had been close for a long time and had enjoyed everything together and it was never boring then!

I was at my wits end, what would I do, how would I cope, but guys, I want to tell you there is always a silver lining, like with me - and I made bloody sure it was not due to just a rebound that I became infatuated with Julian who'd noticed I wasn't seeing Marcus any more, and when I asked him how was that he told me. He had fancied he first met me as a delivery driver for Iceland where I have essential provisions delivered every week. 

I remember he was always so nice and pleasant and nothing was too much but that was all, my life was taken up then and I would not have noticed Julian's interest.

It is funny how it happened really, I guess he sussed the period I was going through when planting my provision upon the kitchen table - he asked if I was okay. Well we started chatting, one thing led to another when he mentioned he hadn't seen Marcus for a long time, because often when he delivered Marcus was present, in the garden or something.

When I told Julian we were finished he looked surprised and yet there was a certain smile there. I shall never forget the way he closed to me and actually hugged me saying it was not the end of the world and there was plenty of more fish in the sea and so on.

"But I miss Marcus so very much" I heard myself saying so pitifully and when I nudged my face into Julian's shoulder I felt a certain presence that was so enduring He was a good deal taller than I, about Marcus's stature so it was easy to imagine, standing there as I was, that it was Marcus and it seemed natural and as if by instinct I let my hand wonder. But then suddenly realising I apologised profusely, went to remove my hand with a jumble of words which tried to explain how that happened. 

But he grabbed my hand, guided it back to where it was gainfully employed and told me not to stop, that from now on it would be him and I, to forget about Marcus, that he had all that I needed and probably more. It all happened so quickly - I was a goner and to feel Julian like that - it could almost have been Marcus, right down to the moment I just, in deep desire, sunk to my knees, undid his zip and, like I used to so with Marcus all the time, pushed my hand between the gap and cupped him, feeling the utter warmth and growth come so quickly and I realised then that, yes - there were plenty more fishes and now I could enjoy another. Julian spread for me, whispering to make it quick unfortunately because he had other deliveries but would be back later.

So I had to cut short what I was impelled to do, that could wait until later, but he seemed compatible, he smelt good and now I wanted to taste him, as I stiffly masturbated him I did take his glans into my mouth and it was wonderfully moist and soothing. There was Julian yelling for me not to stop, he was very hungry for it I could tell, it was like it was with Marcus - but I must stop thinking of him, now, and as Julian spurted lovely onto my cheeks, the warmth of him running down my cheeks, I was with Julian and Marcus was pure history.

"Sorry about that, and being so quick too," Julian apologised - it is just that it came so quick and I ..."

I interrupted telling him no worries, that I enjoyed and looked forward to more later. What he did then said everything of what I might expect, he closed his zip, and then, planting his hands around my hind, nudging me there deeply and just the way he whispered, "Save it all for me, later Huh?" Aroused me in the most delightful way. I planted a kiss on the side of his neck and he was gone, speeding off to do his deliveries, having delivered to me in more ways than one.

I went into the bathroom, looked at my face in the mirror, it was just like before, my cheek glistening with him, I didn't want to wash my face for a while, just stared, my mind going through what had just happened. Julian was lovely, I was so thrilled and exited that without looking, another guy had already come into my life, and a guy that seemed so compatible at that! 

I went into the kitchen to put the stuff away into my freezer, put on the kettle for coffee, but was I ready for a drink, I could still taste Julian - if it was that good just how would it be inside. I wanted that so much, it had been a good month since Marcus and I was truly beginning to feel the pangs of carnal hunger, just the feeling, the magical feeling of feeling it there deep up inside, warming and thrilling me with those pulsing thrusting movements I loved so much. 

Well, Julian kept to his word and in the evening he came. We soon got to chatting and already, as I told him, I felt a lot happier when, only the day before I felt so very down. He' had been upset too in his love life, but in his case it was his girl friend that dumped him, also oddly enough, for a coloured guy, what is it about coloured guys!

But he reckoned perhaps it was the best thing that had happened to him because their sex life almost none existent and he found his leanings were changing. And since he had met me he knew they had, that he had never ever before fancied another guy the way he fancied me.

"But I just need for you to know, and after this morning I have been thinking, that I may have taken advantage of you, being on the rebound I mean and letting you do what you did so wonderfully."

I could see what he was getting at, because I was conscious about that as well, but as I said to him it felt right, even although we hardly knew each other, that is felt good and I wanted for it to continue, so he needn't have any guilt bites.

"Well, I can tell you, Pete - my life is empty now, I have a house, a comfortable one at that and am well fixed so, I know I am jumping the gun, but if you wanted to live in with me you're welcome."

"On what condition?" I teased

He picked up on my humour straight away and that was a good thing.

"I think you know, I don't have to tell you Huh?" he replied with that saucy grin I had noticed on two or three occasions. Yes I was beginning to gel with Julian, he seemed right for me and after enjoying coffee and cake, he said he adored cheesecake, we felt the ice had been cut and I remarked if he remembered what they used to call cheesecake?

He laughed and straight away he said he remembered gals calling scrumptious guys that when they fancied them.

"Well I am no gal" I replied.

"Thank God for that, but you can be my cheesecake never the less. Yes I think we have lift off, Pete?"

"I think so too, Julian, I feel so lucky to have met you."

"thanks to Iceland, huh?" he chuckled

"Yes I am rather become by their delivery service." 

"Pete, with you, I can always deliver the goods," he looked down, I wore a pair if beige chino's and casual shirt, he was in smart jeans and top which suited him, he was well build and slender which I liked.

"Can I touch you - I mean like you did me this morning, Pete?

"Thought you'd never ask," I replied laying back into the settee, realising the wonderful thrill of being with a new guy, being occupied once more with the adventure of discovery, it was really wonderful and as Julian teased his finger tips down along the front of my chino's I felt the pumping and the delicious feeling of arousal, rising to the occasion.

"Mmm, that's divine," Julian whispered starting to feel the circumference over my trousers. He laid his face against my thigh and for the next five minutes or so took time to enjoy me, his fingers working so 

wonderfully over and around squeezing, cupping. Then: "I think we ought to set him free don't you?" and he unzipped me. "Love your boxers, black and red really are a turn on!" Then he massaged me through my boxers, all the time I was growing, I felt the surge, wanting for him to go further, he did, through the button hole of my boxers and out into the open, I throbbed for him, my cock jerking u and down as he worked my balls in a frenzy, if I ever wanted the feel of his mouth I wanted it now and quick, as if knowing he immediately took half of me, his cheeks stretching, my throbbing cock wedged inside, enjoying the pampering of his tongue, what his mouth could do, what his fingers were doing, balling me up as he sucked, harder, harder - I was already away, could feel myself erupting like a proverbial volcano, I was about to cum so strong as he finally took me out of his mouth and tightened his palm around my stiffness, then the wondrous feeling of his wanking me so firmly. OMG! I was there, and it was divine, now we had both massaged each other, shared the vital act of mutual sex with each other, and there was so very much more to come...

"Shall we go to bed soon, would you like that, Julian, just you and I?"

He looked at me in that certain way and already I felt I was all his, his whole charisma was warm and belonging, for the first time since Marcus I wanted his fuck, I was getting that certain throb inside me, I had tasted him and felt him through and through, en he me. He didn't have to , the look on h is face said it all. He went down again, I felt comfortable with that now. The touching and the feeling down there.

"I want to be inside you, I really do, Pete" he said looking up from below, his head perched upon my right thigh, his tongue licking my balls, between the crevice and underneath, giving me a wondrous sensual feeling. I felt then I could be anything he wanted me to be and when he prompted me to open my thighs I obeyed without hesitation. "Wider, wider!" he said, let me see you properly. I felt him stretch my cheeks wide apart and hear his cry of admiration, to lay there for him in that fashion said everything, just how comfortable I was with him, he started to play with me with his fingers gently teasing up inside, sniffing and sucking me there too, I looked down and saw his hard cock wavering as he rolled himself on the side of the bed to find a good position, I found his stiffness and squeezed awhile as he smoothed his tongue around and around. "That's so good!" I complimented - to touch him like that as he was exploring me, he had a wonderful way of stretching my cheeks apart, giving each a little slap, then back to the business of sinking his fingers deeper into me until I yelled for his fuck.

His cock was really hard now, I leant down to catch it in my throat, a last taste before it went inside me, licking and tasting the length of it so soon to be enjoying my fuck.

I took it slowly, feeling its pliability as I felt is fill my mouth with each suck, then I let go, rolled it in my hand again, priming it for fucking, for fucking me as he wanted me, bare back or other, I would be glad to receive it in any position he wanted, he chose bare back, I bent on all fours bringing my knees up beneath my chest as far as I could, to let him see the full presentation of ass and hole, just waiting for his penetration, the feel of his length delving deeper and deeper up inside me, giving me full penetration, seven and a half inches of pure primed cock for the fucking, and Wow! Did he fuck, he took me very rough, just as I wanted, I was starving for it and he knew it, I dried out for his hard fuck, harder! Harder! 

Then , almost to the point of mo return, he stopped, asked how it was, was it as good for me as it was for him? I said it was wonderful, "Feel me throb inside, Pate?" 

"Mmm! Yes I can and it is so beautiful."

"Pete we will be doing this quite q lot and more if that's okay, I have a lot planned with you!"

"The mind boggles" I returned

He started up again, like a piston movement. Thrusting in and out of my well fucked ass. "Can I cum inside?"

"Mmm! Yes just fuck the ass off of me" I urged and soon I felt his climax come simultaneously with mine which was a good omen.

The delivery man had cum - and how. So guys if you are dumped, just don't look for another, he will come when you least expect, take it from me and then you will wonder why on earth you got so upset with a guy who treated you like shit by dumping you.