 Please remember all my stories are true and that my boyfriend and I always use a condom with strangers but don't describe their application or use in my adventures as it can be a bit of a passion killer. Stay safe.

***********************

My boyfriend Dave and I were booked to go for a week to Mallorca at the end of March last year, just before we open up our business for the summer. At the last minute there was a hitch and Dave had to go to Manchester to sort out some paperwork in person. We lost his outbound flight but managed to re-book so that we both left Paris on the Monday, I flew to Palma and he to Manchester, and he had a flight to join me on the Wednesday morning.

I arrived as planned at Palma airport on the Monday afternoon and realised in our hurry to sort out the usual holiday things such as boarding passes, hotel confirmations and passports, I had left my driving licence in Dave's wallet. So no pre arranged hire car for me! I made arrangements to go back and collect the car from the airport on Wednesday when Dave landed so I lost out 2 days hire and had to pay for a transfer to our hotel, cheaper than a taxi.

We were booked to stay in a small fishing village, one that really does still exist, and had booked the car to go to and from the naturist beach (weather depending) or sight seeing and shopping if not. As luck would have it, Tuesday was a sunny day and so I took the late morning bus to the naturist beach. Yes, the one bus per morning and one bus per afternoon service from the village we were staying in. Coming home, as you may have guessed, there was just the one bus too in the opposite direction, at 17h30 so at least the time was good. I packed an apple, a sandwich and large bottle of water, sunscreen and a book.

I arrived and the beach was quiet which suited me, found a sunny spot back from the front and enjoyed some late spring sunshine. Of course, folks passed by, many older guys spending too l long for my liking staring at my totally shaved cock and arse but most realised my disinterest in them without me having to shoo them away. I guess wearing the cock ring didn't help but if the right guy comes along, it pays to advertise.

About four o'clock I was thinking about heading towards the bus stop, even though there was a good hour or so, as I thought I could take a walk in the woods before taking the journey. And a guy came into my clearing and stood looking at me. He was carrying his towel and totally naked from what I could tell as the towel was hung over his shoulder and obscuring the view of his cock. He was about 40, almost 6 foot, very slim but not muscular and hairless from what I could see, except for a mop of dark hair on his head.

"Hola," I said and he nodded hello.

"You speak Spanish?" he asked.

"Si, amigo," I said and we struck up conversation in English and Spanish. He asked me if I'd had any fun, presumably meaning sex, which I hadn't and I asked him the same. He hadn't either apparently, he explained it was due to his preferences. He sat down next to me, spreading his towel out but I still didn't cop a peek.

Anyway, he explained he didn't come to the beach looking for sex, he just wanted the sun, but he was happy to participate if..... IF....

It turns out participation wasn't his thing. He told me he liked being licked and sucked all over. But that was it. He didn't reciprocate and most guys thought it selfish. He didn't fuck, didn't get fucked, didn't play with anybody but if he found somebody attractive, they could suck him off. 

"Do you think that's selfish?" he asked me.

I didn't. If you know the rules then you have a choice whether or not to play by them. And besides, by now he had laid down with his hands behind his head and I could see his shaven armpits, his bald cock and balls and his flawless smooth, flat stomach. His cock was quite a sight too, a good 6 inches unerect and very neatly circumcised. Full marks to the surgeon his mother had found!

"Do you find me attractive?" I asked. Well, I had an hour to kill... And with that I moved towards him and began sucking his nipples, first the one nearest to me and then the other before sucking the fresh sweat from both armpits. I moved down his smooth, bronzed and warm stomach towards his cock. I didn't have far to go as he quickly hardened and the helmet was next to his belly button, already dribbling precum. I licked his piss slit, then the ridge before taking the helmet in my mouth and sucking on that great big fucking Spanish lollipop for a good half an hour. Twice I stopped and moved in between his legs to alternate sucking his bollocks and licking the bit between his bald scrotum and his hole. And he opened his legs further so I could lick his ring too, a tight and clean little number that loosened with the teasing of my tongue.

Sure enough and true to his word, he never moved but I didn't mind, his cock was perfect. Rock hard but not much longer than when I had seen it soft, smooth and flawless, devoid of pubes and slim too, like him. He made approving grunts and every time I paid attention to other parts of his body there was always a glistening few drops of precum waiting for me when I went back to it. Finally, as I licked his open mouth and tongued his own, he whispered to me to make him cum and kiss it back to him. Now maybe that could be construed as being selfish too, not letting me swallow his seed, but I was up for it as I knew the taste would linger. So I obliged. No hands necessary, he shot in next to no time and I let each spurt rest in my mouth until he'd finished his shuddering, then as he'd asked, lent in and kissed his juices in to his waiting, thirsty mouth. I held him briefly and then let go, he smiled at me, stood up in front of me just long enough for me to lick the late arriving drop of spunk from his dick end, picked up his towel and walked off. I smiled to myself, enjoying the taste- if not volume- of his ball juices.

I hadn't cum and didn't mind, he had cock worth sucking and Dave was flying out tomorrow so there would be plenty of time, I had packed the jockstraps in our case so my arse was in for a pounding regardless. However, I checked the time and saw I had about 20 minutes to get to the bus stop, so off I set, quite quickly, and not passing another soul.

I arrived about 10 minutes later, plenty of time, and sat down. I saw a notice posted on the shelter. The bus times had changed and from the 1st of March, the return bus to our village departed half an hour earlier, leaving me 20 minutes too late for the last bus and several miles from civilisation. Mobile phone to hand, taxi firm phone numbers not.

I was contemplating my next move, the warmth of the sun had gone and I was wearing shorts, a t-shirt, my sneakers and my towel which could be used on the beach as a sarong. Not really bus stop attire. I considered walking to the little village down by the beach, there was a beach bar, small shop and restaurant that may be open with a taxi firm number. A car passed by but didn't stop, even though I smiled like an idiot in case someone took pity on me. 

À second car approached and I smiled again, hoping perhaps it was may be somebody who had been at the beach and who could give me a lift to .... anywhere really. This time I was in luck, the car stopped and I ran to talk with the driver, a younger guy, perhaps 30, who was dressed in smart jeans and a long sleeved shirt. He had longer shoulder length hair and was clean shaven although had a day or so's growth. I hadn't seen him at the beach and I just asked if it was possible to get a ride to a town or village from where I could call a cab as the bus times had been revised. 

"Sure, hop in, you are the 3rd or 4th since it changed that I've picked up, last week it was a German couple but I had served them in the restaurant so knew them, boy could the woman talk." 

And so Miguel was a waiter in the restaurant in the hamlet nearest the beach, he had finished work and was heading to Santanyi where he lived. From there I could call a cab and put my day of tanning and hour of cocksucking down to experience and be a few euros too many out of pocket.

We exchanged conversation, he was quite talkative, perhaps on account of him being a waiter. He drove me to his apartment but en route he rang his brother in law who would be going past where I was staying later. So he said if I wanted to hang around for a couple of hours, I would at least be guaranteed a lift, and it wouldn't cost me anything. I accepted the offer gladly but said I would give the brother in law some money regardless.

We entered the apartment and Miguel told me to sit down, saying he'd be back in 5 minutes. I looked around from my seat, it was sparse, quite modern and untidy but clean. I looked at a magazine he had on his coffee table, a fitness magazine. He returned, his hair damp and wearing only a towel round his waist. He had some hair in the dead centre of his chest and was average build, perhaps just slightly overweight, not unshapely but not muscular. I find that attractive in a guy, they are proper and not too up themselves. I guess he was about 5 foot 7, just shorter than me.

"You want a shower? Is good," he said and although not a command, it seemed like a kind offer and good idea after the afternoon I had. At least I could remove the smell of sex, sweat and the excess sand so I accepted and he showed me to the small shower room and gave me a towel. The warm water felt great and I was conscious not to use too much so washed my armpits, butt crack, cock and then rinsed sand and sweat from everywhere quickly. In the shower I began to wonder if his intentions were innocent and honourable and was unsure whether or not to put my clothes on or not so I dried off and wrapped the towel around my waist like he had done, only mine was a smaller towel so was a tight fit. I then walked into the living room to ask if it would be okay to use some of his hair gel, thinking I could gauge his reaction. He was waiting for me with 2 poured chilled glasses of wine on the coffee table.

"I pour you a drink," he said, still sat in only the towel. As the glasses were next to each other, I went to sit next to him.

"Lovely, thanks, very kind of you," I said and raised my glass.

"Salud," he said as we touched our glasses.

"Bottoms up," I replied.

"Why you English say 'bottoms up'?" he asked.

I explained it was because to drink, the bottom of the glass had to be raised and told him it amused me as it had a second meaning, raising your arse perhaps.

"Como?" he asked. It means both 'how' and 'pardon' in Spanish so I repeated my explanations again slowly.

"No. Como?" he said, gesturing with his hands how you would raise the bottom and so I demonstrated how the bottom of the glass was raised when you drank.

"And the other?" he said.

Now my towel was short and tight but I got on to the rug on all fours and then lowered my shoulders so my arse was indeed raised higher than the rest of me.

"Bottoms up," I said, as I loosened my towel without him seeing. I remained in place on the rug, looking up at him. He smiled across at me and stood up and I could see the towel he was wearing was protruding a little at the front. No words were spoken as he came and stood behind me and I pulled surreptitiously at the towel, completely exposing my arse crack to him. Remaining on all fours, I reached over for my wine which I drank in one gulp.

I didn't look up but his towel too dropped to the floor and I felt his hand caress one of by buttocks, then the other. He knelt behind me, still caressing both buttocks and parted them. He then moved his face forward and licked my immaculately clean ring before tonguing my hole good and proper as my cock immediately swelled and hardened. He rubbed just beyond my hole with his hand, almost to my heavy bollocks, in this position he could tell I was rock hard and probably knew what I wanted. He rimmed me for a while and I didn't want to stop him, I waited for him to change his actions.

He lifted his head and then moved so we were spooning in the position I had been in, his hard dick nestled in my butt crack and a hand cupped around my waist.

"I want to fuck you," he whispered. There was no one else in the room so he could have said it at normal volume but I guess the whispering added a hint of romance to the unromantic butt fucking I was about to receive.

I made an approving noise and lowered my knees so I was almost flat on the floor and spread my legs a little wider, turning my head and taking his warm wet tongue in my mouth. He had removed his arm from around me and he lifted himself up a little, seemingly getting some lube from under the sports magazine on the coffee table, he must have placed it there when he poured the wine.

I hadn't even seen his cock, only felt it with my cheeks but he didn't seem too big although he was rock hard so I was confident of a good screw. He squeezed some lube on his finger and applied a generous amount to my hungry hole. He then lay back down on top of me and I felt the head of his cock throbbing against my sphincter as I pushed my arse upwards a little. It eased in gently and he held it there a minute before pushing in a little further. Again he held it for a minute and when I was comfortable, I pushed upwards again so the helmet was teasing my mancunt. I moaned with pleasure and he knew he'd hit the spot.

He glided backwards and forwards from there by about an inch in either direction, driving me wild as he rubbed my prostate with his knob end and I reached my hands around to pull him in to me by his arse cheeks, so he had to thrust his hips gently to satisfy the two of us. I raised a knee too to get more comfortable and he pushed his upper body upwards so his weight wasn't on my back and shoulders. He fucked me hard and good.

I knew he wanted to cum in me, I had the same desire, and when he whispered again, perhaps less romantically this time that he was ready to shoot, I again pulled at his arse to encourage him to fill my guts. He grunted, thrust and then grunted and thrust some more before releasing a torrent of spunk up my arse and a roar of elation at the same time. He pumped numerous spurts of jizz into me and then waited a short while before his cock returned to its normal size and slipped out of my asshole.

I turned onto my back and began walking my own cock, I knew I'd come soon, but he moved down and began sucking my cock, not deep throating or anything, simply sucking my helmet, which was fantastic. 

I shot. I made a few grunts myself so he knew I was cumming but he carried on sucking so I let him have it. He kept my cock in his mouth as I ejaculated and wouldn't let go, sucking up and then swallowing every last drop. A perfect exchange, my juices in his stomach and his seed up my arse.

We held each other a while on the rug before disconnecting ourselves from each other and dressing. His brother in law was due imminently and I guess neither of us, him especially, wanted to be caught naked. 

The bell went shortly afterwards and I got my lift to the hotel. He was a nice guy and had a cheeky smile and a glint in his eye as he dropped me off, refusing my offer of money and insisting on giving me his number in case I ever got stuck again. Chance would be a fine thing, I like to keep it in the family.... But I guess we'll be going back to Mallorca.