 My name is Mark, we'll just leave it there in the interest of discretion. 

Georgia is home, but California is where I live. 

Momma and Daddy live in a pretty little suburb East of downtown Atlanta. It's a good sized home and four of us kids was raised in that house. When my baby sister finally moved out, they decided to go ahead and stay there. 

After my college years, I had moved to Mobile to begin life and a career as a plant manager in a big company. One Mardi Gras season, I took a couple of extra days off and made the trek down to New Orleans so I could explore the sights and sounds.

I met Judy, my wife, that season. She had come to Mardi Gras that same year, from Los Angeles, and was what ya might consider a true party-girl. 

We got married pretty quick after we met and she moved down to live along side me in Mobile. That "sure the hell" wasn't gonna last too long according to her way of thinking. She hated living in the deep South and asked me, one day, if I'd pack up and move to LA. Her home.

I didn't really care where we lived back then so that's exactly what we ended up doing. After all, my employer had locations all over the lower forty eight. I could just put-in for a transfer to LA.

That was some years ago.

My wife and I travel back home at least two times a year to visit my folks and family. Momma and Daddy are always happy to host our stay while we're in town.

During the summer time, the gang all gets together and heads out for the annual shindig. Tons of barbecue, potato salad and all the fixins; and around the Holidays, we make it there for either Thanksgiving or Christmas.

Well, enough about how things got how they are...I'll tell you the story you came to hear about. 

For our first few years of marriage, my wife's and my bed encounters were full of lust and passion. As the time passed on, she became less and less interested in me, both emotionally and sexually.

Now, I'm not trying to point any accusing finger here. We have grown apart for various reasons. I'm certainly not the strapping' young buck she fell for. I've let the extra pounds come on and just left 'em there. I leave early and come home late. 

I understand why she might want to look somewhere else for a bed partner.

So she quietly lives her personal and private life without me to interfere. And, far as I can figure, what's good for the goose is good for the gander.

We got a big expensive house and some fancy cars to drive around in. Mostly paid for by me, although she did open a little craft and hobby shop a while ago. 

The money she makes is just a drop in the bucket, and with overhead, she ends up only making a couple of thousand bucks a month. She contributes some to the household but mostly saves up and takes her private vacations to where ever her fancy might land.

I'm thinking she don't know that I know about her running around. I've never mentioned it to her and she, of course, has never confessed anything to me.

With the way the world works, I let her have her play time and I get mine.

Divorce seems to always land on the money maker. In this case, that'd be me. I figure we both just decided to take the easy way out and stay married. Me, to get and keep my cash flow. Her, to keep getting taken care of. 

It works for the both of us, excluding the emotional crap.

Dr. Kenning is one of the nicest fellas you'd wanna meet. A great dentist too, been seeing him for years. 

He has a suite in a big medical office building in Pasadena. I missed my last check-up appointment with him 'cause a work and rescheduled for today's visit. 

After my appointments at his office, we usually go and get some beer and supper. Nothing fancy, just man-food at a sports bar 'round the corner from his office.

Seems his wife won't give him any either. He mentioned one time that she didn't like sucking on him, and dammit, there ain't nothing more pleasing to a guy than getting his cock sucked.

I told him there was another way to find some relief in that department, no-strings attached. He was gonna have to be open minded, though, I'd said.

His curiosity was piqued and he was willing to hear more. So I told him all you gotta do is, "Just drop by one of the sexshops downtown and you'll find an endless supply of willing cocksuckers who'll work your dick over without a second thought." 

His eyebrows came up as what I was saying sunk in.

I pushed his envelope a bit more, because he didn't seem put-off, and continued. "They'll put their perverted little tongues anywhere you'll let them. On your cock, your nuts, even up your ass. All for free!"

Well, doc finishes with my check-up and walks over in front the sink to pull off his gloves and wash his hands. "Everything looks good Mark." he tells me.

"Ya hungry?" 

"Sure the hell am," I say, "that's why I try and get your last time slot, doc."

"Wanna go grab some beers?"

Doc Kenster drys his hands with a paper towel and let's me know that he's hungry too.

In about ten minutes, we're sitting' at the bar and sipping' on brewskis. Doc turns to me and reopens the conversation of how to get his dick wet.

I smile like the cat who ate the canary and clue him in some. "Well, all ya gotta do is find one of those adult places that's got video rooms out back." I told him. "Put a couple of tokens in the machine, choose a video, leave your door cracked some and wait for a quiet knock."

The doc is listening intently. "The rest is up to you Doc Kenster.", I tell him.

"Where would I find one of these places, Mark?"

I give him directions to a little dive where I got lucky and our appetizer plate arrives. We munch on the nachos, drink some more beer and talk a little longer.

The Tender walks up and asks if we're ready to eat. We both look at each other and realize that the food and drink was enough. "Naw Man, I think were done." I tell our bartender. "We're ready to pay."

I reach back for my wallet but Dr. Kenning pulls his first and hands over his credit card. I protest and tell him that I wanted to catch this one, but he insists, telling me that I'd need my money when his bill came in. I laugh, he smiles. "At least let me catch the tip." I say. He nods and I drop a ten on the bar. 

We walk back to his office parking lot to our cars, chatting and cackling like two hens on the nest. We arrive, say our good nights and head out. As I'm leaving the parking lot, I'm feeling a little tingle down below due to our conversation. "I guess it's time to take your own advice Markster." I think.

I take a longish drive to a different place than I told doc about, in case he has the same idea. I park, step down and walk into the arcade.

I get some tokens at the counter and grab me a booth. After my first feed to the video machine runs out I slide another token in. My cock is splitting my shorts as I watch the video and there's a tap-tap-tap on my door.

It's pulled open by some nellie queer. "You need a little Rhonda puss wrapped around your thang baby?", he squeals in an effeminate whisper.

"Naw man, thanks.", I curtly reply.

He taps on the door of another booth on the other side of the hall, whispering the same offer. I decide I really ain't up to this right now and walk out of the front door with wood filling out my slacks. 

"Soon", I think to myself. I get in my car and drive home.

It was only two more days until I had to attend one of those politically correct on-going-education management seminars in Phoenix. "Maybe I'll get lucky there", I thought.

Tonight though, I was gonna have to take matters into my own hands. 

I walk up the stairs to my bedroom and kick off my dress shoes. My wife and I had stopped sleeping in the same room a year or so ago. She blamed it on my snoring, but I knew the real reason. 

I turn back and click the lock on my door. I head for the toilet to drain some beer and step out into the area where the the dual basins are. As usual I throw all my pocket contents into a bowl on the counter. 

There's a big mirror hanging on the wall above the sinks and I take a look at myself. I consider myself a handsome guy at fifty-two. I still got a full head of dishwater blonde hair. I keep my 'stache and beard neatly trimmed. My eyebrows and mustache have remained dark, like their color in my youth, but my hair and beard are littered with gray. 

I unbutton and pull my arms out of the sleeves of my white dress shirt. I drop it on the floor for a minute while I slither outta my v-neck T. 

I was blessed with thick shoulders and they really come in handy by off-setting my beer gut. It's there, but it's not huge. I stand five-eleven with a forty-four chest and a thirty-eight waist.

I slip off my slacks and drop them next to the shirt on the floor. Socks off one at a time as I hang onto the edge of the counter. All that's left is my undergear. Today I wore black ones. They're the silky spandex kind. No slit in the front, just a tailored pouch for woody. They're considered boxer style 'cause they got legs that rest about six inches on the thigh. 

They feel sexy to me. I have pairs of them in several colors.

I laugh at myself and say out loud, "Damn Mark, you're turning yourself on." 

I say that because my bulge is prying out of its little pouch and jutting off to the left; even a little clear man juice at the tip is making it's way through the fabric.

I reach down and rub on it a little and lift my other arm up above my head so I can take a sniff of my rank man scent. I look in the mirror, close my eyes, and revel in the feeling of growing lust mingled with pheromones.

I'm feeling a little special tonight. Horny yes, and a little kinky.

I move my hand from the outside of my man panties and push it in under the elastic waistband. My fingers slowly invade my most private area, the place where I receive my greatest pleasures. 

I keep it trimmed up down below so as I glide my hand over my pubic area, I can feel the short hairs tickle each finger pad. I go down lower and graze the silky smooth skin containing my nuggets. I swipe back up and look into the mirror and see my digits through my slinky drawers wrap themselves over and around my thick veiny protrusion. I find the tip, squeeze my shaft, and wipe some of my clear juice onto my forefinger.

I pull my hand out carefully as to not wipe any of the nectar off, dig my nose into my ripe pit and inhale as I lick up that seminal fluid. I look back into the mirror and finish pulling down my undershorts.

Naked at last. 

I turn completely around and check out my shaved ass. I reach back both hands and pull my ass cheeks apart so I can take a look at my little brown pucker.

Now that I have myself all worked up, I decide to go to my secret spot in my dresser drawer, in back of and under my socks to pull out a pair of red-lace and silk panties. I have to unwrap them from my little vibrator and walk over to my bed to do it. 

I slink the panties on, sit on the bed and open my laptop. I search for one of my favorite websites and watch video streams of cuckold men, cross-dressers and brutish guys fucking both males and females.

I crawl up on the bed, with a vid running across my screen and get on all fours. I take one hand and stuff it inside my panties, out back. My middle finger teases at my sphincter and I finally shove it in, rough and dry. I just think about how I love to take it inside my burning asshole as I finger fuck myself. After many finger punches, my sore hole starts to make a little juice and I trade my finger for my vibrator.

The big hairy daddy on the screen is taking his mock son's virginity as the naughty mommy watches them. The young man playing' the son cries out, "Stop daddy, it's too big!" and pretends to struggle to get away. The mommy and daddy look at each other and smile wickedly as the daddy slaps his boy's little ass for trying to get away. 

The vibrator is all the way inside me and is turned on high. I feel the beating pulses massaging my prostate and can feel sticky wetness in the front lacy part of my panties. I can't stand anymore.

My video ran out so I scroll down quick for another and click on the first interesting looking one. It begins to show me images of a husband wearing a bra and panties with his hands cuffed to a chair as he's allowed to watch some giant dicked black fucker pound the hell out of his wife's pussy. 

I begin to grind the palm of my hand over the head of my cock and torture myself. I can feel my red panties crawling up the crack of my ass and pressing the vibrator deeper. I relent on the torture and start stroking as I continue to watch the vid.

The wife is making squealing noises to the tune of her black lovers slams into her cunt. She stops long enough to huff out a degrading statement to her shackled husband that this is how a REAL man fucks. The black man continues to pummel her vagina and asks the cuckold husband if he's ready to clean up the mess he's about to make of the wife's tight little muffin. 

I'm getting so close to shooting, I can barely hang on with the vibrator tickling my insides. I clamp the muscles inside my cock to prevent any spillage and continue beating.

The black guy pulls out as the wife's screams she's cumming and squirts about three or four healthy shots of cream onto her waiting vulva.

Almost there.

The bound husband is released and allowed to mash his face into the wife's sloppy lips and begins licking.

"Oh my fuckin'...", I blurt out. I let go and squirt a huge fucking load onto my free hand, the vibrator slipping' outta my ass and into my panties. And before you know it, I'm tasting my own love sauce as I lick it off my hand. 

"Whew-eee Markster", I say aloud, quietly. "THAT was a good one!"

I crawl off the bed and head over to the dressing area to clean up a bit. Definitely time for a shower.

As I look up to the mirror, I can see myself standing there with a little spooge in my beard and the panties tucked up under my nuts. I can also feel the squishiness in my ass crack and hear the hum of my little friend bound-up inside my red silk lingerie.

I chuckle at the thought of it. A couple of hours ago I remember being turned off by that effeminate guy at the bookstore and here I am decked out like a street whore. I can't really say I get it. It's a raging turn-on to feel the velvety texture of these panties on my shaven ass, but when it comes to getting sucked off by a guy, I want him to look and act like a guy. Strange...

The next two days flew by quick and here I am, standing in the boarding line at LAX to take flight off to Phoenix. 

It's Sunday. My boss told me they were gonna send me out a day early to grab a rental car and get set up in my hotel. I'd be there the entire week and get back home on Friday night. 

I'm excited about the thought of getting laid without having to be looking over my shoulder. Hell, maybe I'll even find someone willing to come up to my room and spend a couple of hours fucking. 

I'm a little odd when it comes to sex with guys. My preference is to just take on one role with my bed fellow. Either I'm playing the man's role or he is. I don't really mind sucking on some peter to get the ball rolling, but I wouldn't really consider myself a cocksucker. I don't swallow and really don't want to spend too much time there. Just long enough to get the guy hard and then spread my smooth ass cheeks to get pounded and filled with his sperm. 

On the other hand, if I'm the masculine guy of the situation, I want full service to my nuts, butthole, nips and cock. I expect the poor bastard to take it deep and swallow every drop.

Strange you might say, but it's how I play.

As I deboard at Sky Harbor and step out into the early evening bustle, it's not nearly as warm as I thought it would be. I pick up my rental and head for the hotel. 

I have traveled here before for various business reasons and know my way around a bit. So it's my line of thinking to grab a quick shower, trim and shave the privates, find something to eat and then grab some beer. There are a couple of sex shops I'm anxious to visit, as well. I'm still worked up from the talk I had with Doc Kenster the other night and looking for a little naughty squeeze. 

There's always Craigslist too. Getting on the laptop in my room and seeking the postings for hook-ups can usually get someone to come over. 

I'm amused at myself, I'm like a kid in a candy store. So many options for getting my lurid needs filled. Nothing particular in mind as far as how I will get my nut, I just want to have some human interaction. Maybe I'll get fucked, maybe I'll get blown, maybe I'll step outta character and get fucked and blown. Who knows?

I've ended up at one of them adult novelty shops. Here, they have sex toys, videos, and most importantly in my case, some private viewing booths in the back. 

When I step across the threshold leading into the private areas, I see two fellas casually pacing down the dimly lit hall. They're both handsome and appear to be somewhere in their twenties. For a moment, I thought they might be a couple, but they don't show any indication of familiarity. 

I begin my stroll to a booth and one of them reaches down his hand to grab a handful of his groin area. He gives me a lewd grin and waggles his fistful of sausage-n-eggs at me. He whispers that he's looking for a "generous" man who would like to spend some time with him.

"Not my thing, buddy." I tell him. 

The other guy waits for me to finish my communications with the first guy and then steps up.

"Just looking for some fun, man." he quietly announces. "Want a quick blow?"

"Actually, bud," I say, "I'm visiting and wonder if you wanna head back to my hotel..."

"Not tonight, man." he whispers, "I need to finish up here in get to work at the warehouse in a couple of hours."

Not really feeling daunted, I invite him into a booth with me. 

I drop a token into the video machine and we both stand there facing each other. We exchange names and then Tyler digs his left hand into the buttons of my shirt and glides his fingertips across the lightly furry mounds of my pecs. It feels so fantastic as he finds one of my swollen nipples and gives it a stinging squeeze. 

Tyler slides his right hand down across the cotton shirt covering my belly, back around to my butt and then finally into my woolen clad crotch. He finds the protrusion of my cock and strokes the palm of his hand up and down, his fingers cradling my nuts. I moan quietly.

He leans in forward, trying to press his lips onto mine and I jolt back. "No kissing..." I blurt out. 

Without being fazed by my reluctance to engage in a kiss, Tyler presses forward by reaching up to unbutton my shirt and expose my chest, belly and nipples. He takes one of my firm nips into his mouth, lightly sucking and biting a bit too hard and then the other. I don't stop his teeth's punishment on my man tits because the pleasure of his one hand grasping my ass cheek and the other squeezing my still bound pecker feels so incredible with the contrast of nipple pain. I'm loving it.

Tyler lifts his head and whispers, "What do you want your son to do for you Daddy?" 

"Lick your Daddy." I reply. "From my asshole to my nuts and to my fat cock. Daddy wants to feed his son tonight."

"Your boy want's to make his Daddy happy." 

Tyler kneels, unbuckles my belt, releases the hook closure and wing button on my trousers, and drops them onto the floor. I chuckle inside my head because his Daddy is sporting red silk back panties with a lace front covering my goods.

He reaches a hand up underneath and between my legs to press that red silk deep into my hairless ass-crack. It's feeling so great to have a stranger's fingers digging red slinky fabric up into the warm lips of my man puss that I utter, "Yes,,,finger it for Daddy."
