 Disclaimer:

The story is a complete work of fiction and story contains erotic situations between consenting adults, sometimes of the same gender. If it is illegal for you to read this please leave now. Any resemblance between the characters and any real life person is completely coincidental.

Please do not copy or distribute the story without the author's permission.

Copyright -- Poshbillionaire 2010

Sorry for the delay guys, I tend to keep tweaking my writing constantly and can never be satisfied that it's ready to go...but here goes! Feedback welcomed as always!!!

CHAPTER TWO

The next day, rollcall turned out to be incorrect for some reason and brought the whole prison to a stand still. All the prisoners were kept in their cells till everyone was accounted for all over again; this as usual took forever as the prison guards were now afraid something was amiss. Even after the rollcall was painstakingly repeated, the warden was wary so he decided to keep everyone in place for the rest of the day. Food was taken round the wings by the guards and those inmates with the highest grade, mostly the old trusted ones like Old Cole, lifers and such.

This didn't stop the news of what had happened between the two men from spreading like wild fire, in fact it made it easier. The guards talked a lot you see, amongst other things and before long there were whispers going from cell to cell all day long.

The news was no big deal in the confines of HMP Margan; in fact it happened every other day there. But it seemed like this time was different for it was all the inmates could talk about. Mostly it was because it was Jamie and Rhys; being the guy Ace the prison terror himself wanted at all costs and the other the guy Ace was subtly fighting for power with within these walls. Everyone knew that this was going to blow up big time once Ace got out of the infirmary. There was a lot of excitement for that reason alone.

And they were so right.

Ace was mad. Unbelievably mad.

He was growling in the infirmary and struggling to get off the bed even with the throbbing pain in his leg, making for the guard who bore the news. He was red in the face and his thick neck was almost bursting with protruding veins in his rage."What did you just say?"

"Jamie is out of solitary"

"That's not what I meant you bastard"

The guard was gloating as he gave the news in more detail. "Last night Rhys was brought in to replace you with the small lad Jamie. Since you were busy in here, we were forced to find someone else. The boss was happy to go with Mr High and Mighty"

"How could he replace me? What the fuck did he need that bastard for!"

"Well, Rhys replaced you in fucking Jamie for the night..."

"Why didn't the ward' just save him for me, he knows Jamie's mine..." Ace growled.

"The warden needed Jamie sorted out once and for all man. You know how he can get when he's mad and Jamie got him real mad that day, twice for that matter. Calm down Ace, you lost out plain and simple" The guard known as Squeak muttered "If you hadn't been fighting as usual you woulda had your chance at him. It would've been perfect for you man. Too bad. Maybe next time"

"Are you fucking kidding me?"

Squeak was a bit scared of Ace to be honest but was always able to hold his ground when he was not the only guard around. The infirmary was full of them with two at Ace's room door so he knew he was safe enough.

Even Ace was reminded of this when the two huge guards came in menacingly. He settled back in bed, flinging the tray of food on his bedside table to the floor, still in a rage for the simple reason that he knew the two men were his match, maybe even more so if they had specialist training which some of the guards did.

He was a big man, a bit shorter than Rhys by just two inches but as broad as a weight lifter. This made him even more menacing added to the fact that he had tattoos over his entire torso of dark vicious looking creatures. His face always seemed to be angry and the dark tattoo covering the left side of his face did not help matters. He bared his teeth so many times in his frequent rages that people began to suspect he thought he was a lion or something.

The only thing even remotely appealing on that face was not his in the real sense. It was his teeth, flashing bright white pearly whites that he boasted he had got off a dentist who owed him money. He was in prison for manslaughter, attempted murder and rape so his character as a whole was not surprising to anyone.

From time immemorial he had always had his pick of the newbies; always cornered them anywhere he liked and messed them up pretty bad. The warden was in his payroll to a certain extent (even though the warden still did what he liked most of the time) so he tended to get away with a lot. The warden didn't give a shit what he did to the fellow inmates as long as it did not come back to him. He didn't give a shit about the inmates full stop.

"So did he? Did Rhys fuck him?"

Squeak laughed, irritatingly. "Oh he fucked him alright, fucked him good. Had the little shit screaming the place down and not in pain too. Good Lord. The volume couldn't go low enough to drown those moans. Men, it was something. The boss was so pissed that they enjoyed it so much he almost broke the damn TV. He doesn't even want to hear their names now. Guess it didn't work out as he had planned or something. I know I was shocked. You should have seen them at it man, it was like they had been doing it all their lives. It was good viewing I tell you and I'm straight so that's saying something"

If Ace had not been so outraged, he would've said it served the warden right for overlooking him and giving Rhys his place. But all he could think of was that Rhys had taken what was his. What the fuck???

"That rat was mine to break in! This is fucked up; I'm going to have to kill someone!" His eyes gleamed evilly, glazing over. Squeak decided it was time to go. He took his leave walking backwards. He did not trust this man as far as he could throw him and he wasn't about to take any chances. Ace looked like a madman, God help that Jamie boy when Ace got a hold of him.

For some warped reason, the fact that Jamie had eluded him for this long made him even more desirable to Ace. Now that Rhys had had him, he wanted him even more. That pretty little sucker was his.

He needed to speak to the warden.

--------------------

Stuck in their cells, the two men who had just shared an unexpectedly magical night together were left with their thoughts.

Jamie had told his friends cellmate Roger and neighbours Old Cole, Lazlo and Simon about it as sparingly as possible; he however did not mention that they had made love of their own accord all through the rest of the night.

That he kept to himself.

So did Rhys.

Not that he had anyone to tell at the moment for he had a cell all to himself. Not a lot of people knew that. Money talks afterall.

As far as he was concerned what happened that night was between him and Jamie and was no one else's business.

His messages had been delivered in good time and the orders had arrived through the underground network as expected. It was such a wonder what money could do in these parts, everything worked in your favour once you had some to throw around. And he had a lot.

He was a millionaire many times over, starting when he hit the big time as a model and designer Rio Jacque's muse at sixteen; then a software breakthrough when he was twenty three and a lucky stint into acting when he was 25 which had blown wider than he had ever thought possible. Now he was into producing movies and going strong with his trusty software engineering. The acting was on hold for now, it had never really been his thing anyway.

A bad day at work had led him here, that along with too much alcohol and a fast car. It was stupid really. He knew he should have used his chauffeur that night but he had not been thinking straight. The director had messed up the budget for his sci-fi flick and they were out of time as a result. He laughed at himself now when he remembered it, to think that the loss of a few million had caused him to get a criminal record and waste some years of his life in this place. It had taught him something though, money meant nothing and he would never let it rule his life again.

At least he hadn't killed the young lady he had hit, thank God. That would have been the worst thing to have on his conscience. He could live with a criminal record, that he could do, but not with having killed someone. He had hurt her really bad though but thankfully she had now made a full recovery.

He had not touched a drink since.

Now he just took things easy. His lawyer and staff visited every other day, for life and work continued as normal and in his business there was always something or the other that needed his attention.

Rhys had no one special in his life, had not had one in a long time; which was just as well with the Jamie issue as he did not have to make any confessions to anyone or feel guiltier than he already did.

After putting the packages away, he lay on his bunk, trying to read a magazine so he would not think about Jamie but he was unable to. It was strange how one single night could change his conception of his entire life. He was beginning to question himself, every male friend he had ever had. Had there been something there that he had not realised? Surely he would have known?

He knew he had liked Jamie when he first saw him, but he never identified it as anything other than friendship. But now, after last night, he was at a loss.

He was not gay!

He had nothing against gay people, but he had never seen himself as one. Hell, he had had his share of women and he knew for a fact that he loved sex with them. But with Jamie, that sex...was something else. He had never lost control of himself like that before, it was incredible, like he could have gone on forever.

He had scrutinized himself so much already, trying to see if there was an attraction to men that he had missed all these years. Hard as he tried, he felt no different. There were no stirrings whatsoever.

Except with Jamie.

He got a hard on just thinking about him, how Jamie made him laugh, how he responded to his touch, how he screamed in pleasure, how ecstatic it was to be inside him, sliding out and back into that tightness, how his small legs had gripped his waist, how choked his voice went when he was about to come. And that mouth, that delicious mouth.

And his eyes. God he could go on forever...

He had never thought sex with a man could be so beautiful. He had never thought he would ache for a man this way. It was like he was on a drug. He had never thought of a man as beautiful until he met Jamie. He had never met anyone like him. He made him feel strange inside, different but really really good.

All he could think about was that he wanted to lose control more, like the way he had with the tiny beauty. He wanted Jamie.

He didn't know how or why but he wanted Jamie.

He could just imagine having the little man in his house, sleeping hidden in the sheets of his massive custom made bed. So tiny and perfect in the giant bed. The sight of it.

He closed his eyes with a sigh. He really needed to stop this. He was simply not gay; he had just been in here too long. Just like he had told Jamie that night; the longer you are in here, the harder it gets.

Yeah, that was it.

He wondered how Jamie was doing.

------------------------------

The little man on the other hand was in a daze. Thankful for the bunk arrangement so Roger lying above him could not see him, he curled up in his bunk and tried not to think. Roger was talking to him and he kept making appropriate sounds in reply so he would think he was paying attention.

He was grateful for the confusion today for he had been dreading having to face Rhys again, feeling like he did. What if Rhys thought he was a freak for screaming like a woman?

He was not.

He could not believe how last night had gone. The last thing that he had expected was the enjoyment of it all. He had felt like he was in heaven. Nothing in his entire life had been like that, nothing had prepared him for that, each time he closed his eyes he could see Rhys over him, feel his large arms holding him tight, feel the maddeningly heady moistness of Rhys' mouth, feel the heat of Rhys' stare as he fucked him, feel Rhys' thick cock inside him, long and deep and hot, feel that fire burning through his whole body.

He felt so ashamed that he ached for that man to touch him still, to be inside him like that. How could he have enjoyed it so much, how could he have begged for more like a wanton? He was a man, wasn't he? So why did he feel like he was losing his maleness? Why did he feel like he wanted to let go and give it all to Rhys? Wasn't it women who gave themselves to men?

Even now he was sore as hell but deep down he knew he wanted more. More of the man that caused that soreness. Even just sleeping in his arms had felt so good. Too good.

He was not meant to enjoy it, any of it. It should all have been lacklustre, to be forgotten. It was meant to replace the pain and terror that Ace would've caused him. He had been grateful that it had not been Ace but now he was beginning to wonder if the agony Ace would've caused him would have not been better than this desperate confusion. At least he would have been in hospital by now secure in the knowledge that he wanted no man to come near him ever again, not feeling like he was a wanton.

A shiver of fear and disgust went through him and he curled up tighter in his bed. Who was he kidding?

He would have died if Ace had so much as touched him. There was no way he would have gotten back from that. Rhys was nothing like him. He closed his eyes and subconsciously his body relaxed.

Rhys was...joy.

He stayed that way for a while remembering it all. It was shortlived though for tears soon stung his eyes as shame returned. Oh God, he thought painfully, he was truly going out of his mind. It should not be affecting him this way. He was grateful for the disruption keeping them indoors today, it was like an answer to he prayer he didn't know he wanted to pray.

Screaming like a woman? Who did that?

Nothing had prepared him for what that man did to him all through that night. Nothing in his experience compared to it. It was like he had been excluded from this wonder all his life and was just getting a look in.

He had loved every minute. He wanted more.

He hated himself for it.

This should not be happening to him, he should not even be in this damned prison. He was simply meant to be awaiting his appeal in an open prison, one where he would not be threatened. Some bad stroke of luck once again had put him in the wrong place at the wrong time when there were no spaces in any of the open prisons in the country. He had been told then that it was temporary but now it seemed like they had all but forgotten him in here, saying that the open prisons were still full.

He had thought his world had ended when he was arrested for fraudulently embezzling money from his firm's accounts. Apparently there was an offshore account in his name. In his name? Imagine that? He that never had anything to do with the company's accounts, he was simply one of the PR people in the firm, why would anyone want to frame him? How could he possibly have taken 5 million pounds? He had no idea the firm had that kind of money in the first place much less him having the access to be able to steal it.

He had thought no one would believe the incredible story but like the police and the judge, Carrie his girlfriend had. No support there, she had systematically dropped him like he was hot from the moment she heard about it. Without an explanation, just like that. Cleared out his apartment too on his arrest from what he heard.

It was not like he loved her or anything, he just thought she had more respect for him, for their relationship. It was clear she had just been waiting for a reason to leave. That would teach him to carry on a relationship with someone he did not love and who did not love him for the best of two years. Such a waste that was.

Now his appeal was taking forever, it seemed whomever it was that actually took the money was moving it around, so it was obviously not him seeing that he was stuck in jail and all. Not that the judge gave a shit. They needed proof. He knew his lawyer was working his ass off with the investigation, he just had to wait. He had no choice anyway; anything was better than serving five years for something he didn't do.

A colleague had framed him, his girlfriend had dumped him, he was imprisoned, put in the wrong jail and now this. Like he did not have enough problems to deal with. He needed to be getting his life back together, not have it fall apart even more. This could not be happening.

What had Rhys done to him to make him like their lovemaking so much?

Jamie cringed as the thought flashed through his mind.

Lovemaking?

Had he marked him? No that was silly, it was not like he hadn't been there all through. Well he had been practically out of his mind so who knew what had happened. Drugs? That was silly and impossible. He was going crazy; no way Rhys didn't do something to his mind. Or his body. Something.

He pulled up his jumper and was searching his torso and arms for scars, needle marks, anything when Roger leaned over and looked down at him, shaking his head in amusement. "You didn't hear a word I just said did you?"

Jamie looked up in embarrassment, pulling down his jumper and trying to smile.

"Sorry"

Thankfully the food trolley came through just then so Roger's mind was diverted from asking Jamie what was worrying him. Roger was a food person. Much to Jamie's relief.

-----------------------------------

The next day, the news was still going round endlessly. It was frustrating. There was word that Ace was out of the infirmary so there was soon to be drama.

Rhys just hoped Jamie was not bugged out about all the teasing and hooting, he certainly looked like it, always leaving an area if he came there and not talking to him. Not even a hello. He wouldn't even look up.

Rhys picked up the things he ordered for Jamie from his cell after lunch and this time deliberately sought Jamie out. He was sitting with his usual crowd and watching the basketball game. His heart lifted as he watched the small beautiful man. Jamie was so expressive, his silver eyes lighting up with every good throw made by the team he supported. He looked so adorable when he put his small hands around his mouth to hoot.

Adorable?

He tore his eyes away and took a deep breath to calm himself, laughing internally at himself because this was something he never did with women. He had never needed courage of any sort. Now he did.

He walked up to where Jamie was seated with his friends and said hello to all of them and from the expressions on all their faces, not as subtle as they thought; he knew they all knew about the solitary. He also noticed that Jamie seemed to shrink into himself as he had approached. Probably wanted to disappear right now. Probably embarrassed out of his skin.

To give him time to compose himself, Rhys stood to the side to chat with Old Cole for a minute and just as he thought, Jamie tried to sneak away.

"Hey Jamie. I need to talk to you for a minute okay. Could you wait a bit?"

"Okay" Jamie muttered red as a beetroot. He sat back beside Roger who nudged him playfully about to start teasing him. "Don't even start Roger"

He waited till Rhys was engrossed in conversation then stood up, ignoring Roger's smirk. He came down past the podium as quietly as he could, shaking hands tucked in his pockets to hide his nervousness. It took all of Roger's strength to keep from laughing out loud as the small man rushed away.
