 Hey Guys!

Again, like Chapter 3 I wasn't prepared to put out Chapter 4 so fast. I let my characters get in my head, and they end up being impatient in me telling their stories. Dante and Sage together are a powerhouse in my head, so I couldn't stop writing. I have been enjoying the feedback and comments, and I appreciate everyone who has "favorited" not only my stories but myself as an author. As long as you guys keep reading, I will keep writing.

Love, Violet

----------------------

The noise was getting on my nerves. like all of the nerves I could possibly have.

I tried burying my head deeper under the covers to mute whatever was producing that irritating noise. After a couple of useful minutes, I poked my head from under the silk pillow.

"What the fuck is that noise?"

The sheet moved away from my body, and I was spooned against a hard and warm body.

"I'm sorry sugar, I like watching a little television at night."

I looked at the clock on his bedside table, and read it to be almost close to midnight. I was exhausted due to Dante taking me several times since being in his home. 

He took me in the kitchen after feeding me. He makes awesome pasta.

Next he fucked me in his office. There were some important phone calls he needed to make.

Then, he fucked me on his upstairs patio after we watched the sun go down. That was the most romantic thing I've ever done.

The last thing I could remember, was the intense orgasm I had in the shower, and him cuddling me in bed. 

I maneuvered myself so my cheek rested on his shoulder, and my leg was cradled in in between his. 

I finally looked towards the T.V. and to my surprise mister "big and scary" was watching cartoons.

I swear, cartoons. 

"I wouldn't have pegged you as a cartoon man."

"Well, when the kids come over and they pile on the bed, I have no choice what we watch, and now I can't get out of the habit of watching some toons before I snooze."

"I tend to watch the news, it bores me to sleep."

"Well, the world's a fucked up place, so I don't need the news to tell me. With the toons, I can go to bed with a smile on my face. But I guess with you here now I don't need them."

I don't know how much more my heart string could take.

"If I didn't know you were such a scary man, I would run and tell everybody."

His body tensed and became rigid, "You think I'm scary?"

I looked up and automatically felt like a foul person. His eyes held disappointment, and shame. Something I didn't want them to show.

"I'm sorry. Damn, I shouldn't have said that."

"It's all right. I get it all the time."

Before I could negate what I said, and tell him that wasn't who he was, he got out of the bed and walked towards the bathroom, "Sage, I can't tell you I've never done a bad thing in my life, and that I've never broken the law. I got in this life to take care of my family, and you and whomever might not think it's a good excuse, but it's all I got. My sister, and her children are all I have. I was hoping I could have you too."

And with that he closed the door, with not only a physical door between us, but a figurative road block as well.

Was I completely wrong? I mean, he did admit to what little I knew. 

Just this afternoon he had me fearing for my life. But somehow, I didn't feel fear anymore. I couldn't picture him as a monster. But was that my naivety, or his true self coming out of the closet. 

Was I worried that he might have killed a lot of people, or might have sold drugs to kids, or might have moved guns around the city?

No, I was more worried that he wouldn't be able to feel anything for me, and put me in the trash without a second glance. But this was something I felt with anyone in my life. If I took this crazy thing between us too serious, and something horrible happened, what would I do if this crazy thing was taken away from me?

And truth be told, Dante has never been charged with anything. He's just been linked to organized crime. He's not been pinpointed as the mob leader. Just the muscle. A protector. 

Was it fair to judge him, before we really got to know one another. I did just let him fuck me, several times.

There wasn't anything I could do until he got out of the bathroom.

So I waited.

And waited.

Someone was in a bad mood, well I figured, when I heard cabinet doors being slammed shut, and Italian spoken harshly.

Not only does he watch cartoons, he throws temper tantrums.

I would laugh, if I wasn't delighted in figuring out he was throwing his tantrum in the bathroom and not in the bedroom in consideration of me.

"Get out of there! NOW", I yelled.

And low and behold, the devil walks out. 

And boy is he mad.

His hands are on his hips, and his nostrils are flared, and his eyes are half way closed.

I got out of the bed, and moved towards battle with the raging bull.

"Yes, I'm scared. But I'm not scared of you! You big dummy!"

"Don't call me a dummy.'

"Well you are one!"

"I'm serious Sage!"

"What are you going to do, throw a tantrum? Get real Dante!"

He started walking back and fourth, that I was sure was going to make a hole in the carpet.

"At the beginning of this, you said I was going to be your baby. How can I be your baby, if you hide yourself in a bathroom, closing me out?"

And he stopped. His hands moved from his hips to his side, and a blush went to his cheeks, "You are my baby!"

I went closer towards him, so that I was right up on him. I placed his hands on my hips.

"If I'm going to be your baby, then you need to get through you thick skull that there will be two people in this relationship."

He started to sputter, "Really, a relationship?"

I laughed, without his tough guy facade, my man was quite a little kid.

Yes, I did say "my man". 

"Yes, a relationship. So if I say something that you can't dig with, then we need to talk about it, like adults."

He laughed, "Point taken. And if there's something that scares you, you'll let me know?

I pecked pecked him on his lips, "I promise."

My head was laid on his chest and he held me tight, "I've never been more disappointed in myself until now."

"What do you mean?"

"My sister doesn't care what I do as long as I put money in her hand. The kids think I can move the world, and I let them believe that. But with you, I want to be a better man. I want to do all the right things.

"Dante, maybe one day we can sit down and you can tell me everything you do. I don't think your ready, and right now I don't care."

"One day I will, maybe when I get out.

My head shot up, "Get out?"

"Yes, I'm pretty sure I'm done. I've got enough money, and I'm quite bored, figured I could leave the life, and find a new job. A respectable job."

I was confused, "You can just get out?"

He laughed, "Baby, it aint always what you see in the movies."

"So you can just leave?"

"Yeah, my hands aint dirty with blood, drugs, guns, or whores. I just protect those whose hands are. When I want out, I can get out."

"Are you getting out because of me?"

He kissed me sweetly, "I've been thinking about it for a while, but just meeting you has sealed my choice."

I didn't know I was crying, until he wiped my eyes, "Don't cry baby. It will go good. I promise."

I hugged him tight, "I don't want anything to happen to you. Do I want you to get out? Yes, but I want you to be safe."

"I will, so stop crying. I don't know how much tears I can take from my baby."

I laughed. I was never really into endearments until Dante.

I kissed his chin, and looked into his beautiful eyes. 

He waggled his eyebrows, "We need to get back in bed, you work tomorrow?

I let him lead me back to bed, "No, why? You plan on fucking me all night long>"

He pulled the covers, got in, and pulled me on top of him.

"No, you need your rest. Tomorrow I have a function I need to attend, I need you there with me."

I yawned, "You need me there?"

He rubbed my lower back, and I melted on top of him, "Yes, I need you there. I want to show you off, and let everyone know I'm taken."

If I wasn't already melted, his words would have for sure puddled me.

"Okay", I muffled into his chest. Kissing the devil horns on his heart.

"Give me a kiss, Sugar."

I leaned up, and suckled on his lower lip.

He moaned, and pulled my head back down on his chest.

"So, we have a deal? Tomorrow, me and you?"

Sleep was quickly taking me.

"Sugar, do we have a deal."

"Yes, now let me sleep."

He kissed me on my forehead, and settled in.

And my last thought?

I just made a deal with the devil.

But he was my devil.