 Disclaimer:

The story is a complete work of fiction and story contains erotic situations between consenting adults, sometimes of the same gender. If it is illegal for you to read this please leave now. Any resemblance between the characters and any real life person is completely coincidental. 

Please do not copy or distribute the story without the author's permission.

Copyright – Poshbillionaire 2010

I apologise for taking so long to post this. Life kind of got in the way as well as my fluctuating mind making alterations all the time. I had to put my foot down and tell myself – post the chapter already!!! Thanks for all the comments guys!

Hope you like!

CHAPTER THREE

The warden stared at Ace in exasperation as he was brought in. He knew what the man wanted. It seemed it was all he wanted there days. The idiot had really begun to irritate him these past few months with the same request and he didn't have time or patience to indulge him. At times like this he regretted letting the bastard supply him.

The enormous man stood before him, his face a mask of controlled anger and nervous impatience. Funny how it elated Warden Cutler that this huge, frightening man was a fly to him. He loved the power he held in this place; he lived for it. This place, his work, was the best thing that ever happened to him. Thinking about it always made his day. It never got old. 

Ace did not dare sit in any of the plush chairs that lined the large office; all the drugs in the world wouldn't allow him that favour, not in Warden Cutler's world. He just stood there, legs wobbling in his need to move. 

"What do you want Ace?" The swivel chair creaked a little, literally crying out under his three hundred pound weight, as the warden relaxed back into it. 

"Warden," he rasped, "its been ages since you said you were going to let me have a go at Jamie. I've waited –"

"I told you that because I was working on it. I still am. You need to have some patience. It's not like you're going anywhere."

"But if you just let me do this my way, I would simply corner him and do my thing. You wouldn't need to be involved at all, no connection. Wouldn't that be better?"

They had gone over this about a million times. "Keep in mind that leaving him alone until I say so is in your best interest. I said..." the warden spoke slowly with emphasis, "...I will deal with it. I have my own plans for him as you well know and that actually has nothing to do with you. So you will leave him the hell alone until I am done with him. Is that understood?"

Ace growled, his tight fists showing how hard he was trying to control his anger. He was not used to discussing things; he simply took what he wanted. It angered him that he had to do what Warden Cutler said, but he knew the warden was dangerous. God knows the bastard should have been an inmate along with him, not the head of the prison for all the things he had seen him do. "But you know it'll be much easier my way, Warden."

The warden slammed his fist hard on his desk, smirking to himself as the huge man jumped visibly. "This is not a negotiation Grimes. I'm sure I don't have to tell you what I am capable of. Don't you dare think for a minute that you are special because I let your filthy ass enter my presence."

"Warden, I give you the best stuff because you agreed to let me do what I–"

"Hey, just stop right there! I don't care what you supply me. You will not dictate what I do or don't do. I'm god here. Understand? You're not going to get anything out of me by pulling that. Just be glad I decided to include you," the warden warned angrily. "I am almost done with my plans, final confirmation comes today and then we'll be ready to go. You come in here and waste my time again and you'll have no part in it. Remember that."

Ace looked suspicious; the warden wasn't really trustworthy. He knew this well from experience. But then again, that had not involved hurting someone. This might be different. If not he would be taking matters in his own hands. He had just about had enough of waiting, warden or not.

"And I'll get Jamie?"

Warden Cutler stared at him for a while. He nodded. "All to yourself."

* * * *

Jamie dreaded the general areas all the time: he gymnasium, the dining area, the field, the exercise yard, basically anywhere that Rhys would be as well. He continued to avoid Rhys, preferring not to speak to him at all over the next couple of weeks. He could not bring himself to deal with the whole situation so he just pushed it as far from his mind as he could. He could deal with this ache for now and he would for as long as he was able, maybe until he got out of here. He couldn't deal with the reality of that ache. It was too much.

As the days went into weeks and kept going, Rhys slowly got sick of his behaviour and decided to confront Jamie in the laundry room where he knew he worked most of the time. He was there all right, working on his own in the large warm room. He was standing by the large rumbling washing machines and dryers, taking out dry towels from one of them and folding them painstakingly to put away for use through the next week. 

Rhys could not help looking him over in admiration and recalling every inch of that beautiful, tiny body. He wanted to grab him and hold him forever. Jamie turned and jumped in surprise when he saw Rhys standing there and staring at him as if in a trance. He hadn't heard him enter since the machines were booming around him. Jamie went red as he saw who it was and the longing in his green eyes. It frightened the hell out of him, especially as his heart seemed to flutter.

"We need to talk, Tiny. About us..."

It felt like forever since he had heard that voice. God, it seemed to send fire roaring through his veins. However, he very rudely told Rhys he most certainly didn't want to talk to him. Not to be deterred this time, Rhys followed him as he walked round picking up and putting away towels and bedding and checking the washing machines.

"Why can't we just talk... nothing has to happen. We can just be friends Jamie."

"But we are friends... aren't we?" A washing machine door was shut. Well, slammed.

"Careful..."Rhys muttered, continuing, "You know we aren't, Tiny. You leave a room every time I come in. You don't even bother to say hello to me. You keep pushing me away."

"I'm not pushing you away Rhys, it's just... I'm not gay." Rhys winced at this. Jamie didn't notice for his back was to him. "It's hard to deal with... this is not my life! I am not gay."

"Are you telling me that or are you telling yourself? Are you trying to convince yourself by any chance? Hoping against hope maybe?"

"I am not gay Rhys!"

"The question is not whether you are gay... It is whether you want me or–" 

"I am not gay."

"So you wish that night had never happened?"

"Yes I do!" Jamie groaned. "I wish I never got that stupid PR job. I wish I had taken the second job offer I had. I wish I had never set foot in this shit hole. I wish so many things that I've lost count!"

"Come on, you're not done yet... finish it."

"What do you mean?"

"You wish you had never met me."

"I didn't say that."

"You as good as said it out loud Tiny. You probably wish it had been Ace instead."

"I didn't say that Rhys. How can you say that to me?" Jamie bristled, "Ace, of all people. Are you kidding me right now?"

"With Ace you wouldn't be worried about him being all over you all the time and making a fool of himself as I'm doing right now. Checking up on you, thinking about you..." 

The small man winced at those words. He didn't think Rhys was making a fool of himself at all. But he dared not tell him that deep inside he thought pouring his heart out like this was sweet. Rhys already had too much power over him. He couldn't give him more. 

"You wouldn't be attracted to him the way you are to me. You wouldn't be worried about what happened between us that night. You wouldn't be wondering if it was more than sex."

"You said it was just sex Rhys. That's what you told me that night! You kept saying that!"

"You think I don't know that? You think I haven't asked myself that a million times?" Rhys was feeling so overwhelmed. Jamie was blaming him for not keeping his word that it was just sex, something to be forgotten. He blamed himself. He had thought it would be forgettable. He was so damned wrong. 

"I'm afraid I can't say that anymore. Not if I'm facing reality. That night was nothing I ever imagined possible. Not in my entire life. I'm still reeling from it Jamie. I need to know. So was it?"

"Was it what?" Jamie was in a bit of a daze with all the emotions bubbling around them. 

"Was it just sex for you?"

"I'm not gay Rhys," he said again, his voice without any conviction. 

"Has it occurred to you that our paths could still have crossed with or without that night?" Rhys asked seriously, remembering how he had noticed and thought about Jamie's beautiful eyes. "We could still have started –"

"We wouldn't have started anything! Stop saying all these things to me. I am not gay."

"Oh really. You're not gay and we are friends right? So why can't you look me in the eye, Jamie. Why can't you look at me?"

"What do you mean? Of course I can look you in the eye!" he whirled round for emphasis, but Rhys noted he still avoided his gaze. "And stop calling me Tiny."

"I call you Tiny because you're cute. And beautiful. And you fit perfectly in my arms." Jamie blushed, trying to fight the delicious glow that sizzled round his body at Rhys' words. He forced himself to take some steps back because he suspected that if he stayed as he was he would step towards this magnetic man. Whose arms he remembered he did fit perfectly into.

Damn Rhys for making him feel like this.

"I am not cute... or whatever else you said." Jamie forced his back to Rhys, eyes closing tightly as he fought to compose himself.

"Don't try to change the subject Tiny."

"I am not!"

"Then do it; look me in the face. You haven't been able to do that since that night we made love. So Mister I'm not gay, it's Rhys that's gay, look at me then." 

Jamie whirled around again but then fidgeted, his courage deflating rapidly, knowing he could not look at Rhys. He would be lost if he tried that, if Rhys saw how he felt... No way was he taking that chance. 

"You can't, can you? What's your excuse this time?" Rhys was getting angry with Jamie now. He had been in denial himself but at least he identified what he was feeling; he wasn't denying that it was there in the first place. This was crazy.

"Jamie, you can't keep denying this. It happened. We made love and we both loved it. I loved it and you loved it..."

Jamie shook his head violently. "Rhys, I've told you before, I really don't want to talk about that night... or any of this," his voice was a squeak as he forced that haunting memory away.

"What about the next day at the carpentry shed? Want to talk about that?"

"No!"

"So you don't want to talk about any of the times we've been together? Why not Jamie?" Rhys asked in exasperation. His eyes were forlorn. "Because we went further than we needed to? Do you realise that night we made love three times in that cell? Or was it four? Hell, I lost count. We probably would have kept on if the night were any longer. Three times Jamie... and you don't think that's something worth acknowledging at least? You can't keep pushing me away like this Jamie. We're drawn to each other. It's so much more than –" 

"I can't talk about this...I'm sorry, I just can't. Please just go. I've got work to finish here." Jamie went back to his work and with shaky hands began to fold the towels on the large oak table.

"So you don't want talk to me at all then? Is that it?"

"I didn't say that Rhys."

"Then what are you saying? You turn your back on me, you won't speak to me, you ignore me when I try to say hello or approach you. So what exactly are you saying?"

Jamie found he had no excuse, except wanting to stay as far away from this man as he could so he could flush this madness out of his system. He did not even know how to put that into words, even his own mind was raging against itself.

"I... I don't know okay. I just need..." Shaky fingers ran through his hair was as he struggled to finish his sentence.

"Need what?" Came the soft question. 

Rhys' voice like that was so... intoxicating to hear.

There was silence for a while, and finally Jamie closed his eyes and turned away. He willed Rhys to leave him in peace so his heart would stop pounding so fast. But he could feel Rhys' eyes boring into his back. He ached so much but was confused as to what he was aching for... or why. Or maybe he just couldn't face it.

Rhys moved all right, but not out of the room. He came up behind Jamie and bent over his small frame, wrapping his arms round his middle. "Tell me you don't feel this..." he whispered, hands splayed over the small taut belly, causing it to do somersaults. 

Jamie stiffened, his cry of no turning into a gasp as Rhys' breath grazed his neck. He fought the urge to lean back into Rhys' broad chest, not realising that he had already done this. Their bodies fit together smoothly, big over small, as if in memory of their past union.

"You smell so good Tiny," Rhys whispered as he sucked in his breath through his teeth. "I want you so bad."

"... Rhy... stop... please," Jamie pleaded, his hands trying to peel Rhys' off. He was unable to and his hands ended up grasping desperately at Rhys' hips in an effort to push him back but unknowingly teasing him. Rhys took Jamie's hands and intertwined their fingers, bringing them back up onto Jamie's belly. Jamie arched back involuntarily against Rhys', groaning as he felt the heated length of that hardness high up at the small of his back.

"I love the way you say my name..." Rhys spoke softly. "You do realise you only call me Rhy when I'm making love to you..."

Jamie whimpered in denial but still could not pull away, his senses spinning steadily. Rhys nipped at the back of his neck and Jamie's gasp was loud and unrestrained as a shudder spread over his body. A deep growl came from Rhys and he bent over fully, bending Jamie over with him so he felt the full, hard effect of his need. His hands raked over Jamie's belly and across over his chest long fingers digging into the flesh as they went.

Jamie's knees gave way, his small legs buckling. Thankfully he did not fall for Rhys had him firmly in his grip. All he could feel was Rhys' hot erection pushing against his bottom now. Jamie found himself wanting so badly to melt into Rhys, wanting that heat so badly inside his body. Trying to think but unable to do much of that... all he could manage was one word... Rhy. He was saying it out loud.

"Rhy... Rhy..."

He cried out when Rhys' large hand grazed his groin, waiting for him to take him in his hand and whimpering in protest when he did not. Jamie pushed forward blindly, trying to find that hand. He ached so much for him, all of him. But it was gone.

Suddenly he was swept around and hoisted onto the worktable. They were easily face-to-face now, gasping mouths almost touching. Rhys looked like he wanted to tear him apart and Jamie knew his own eyes would not say much less. Rhys' hands dug painfully into his arms, and Jamie held his breath, savouring even that.

"God, I want to eat you alive," he growled, pressing his mouth against Jamie's but not kissing him. Then his face clammed up and he froze in painful restraint, dropping his hands.

"I'm not going to make you do something you don't want to do," Rhys spoke grimly in between heaving pants. "When you're ready to have me, you know where to find me. But I'm not going to wait forever Jamie."

He went to pull away but stopped in shock as Jamie's hand reached into his waistband and grasped his cock firmly. He gasped when the small hand began to stroke him, the second one joining in and squeezing as he tried to pull away again.

"Jamie..." he warned with a grunt as his restraint dissolved rapidly with each stroke. He stared at Jamie, eyes asking. The smaller man did not say a word; he finally met and held Rhys' gaze for the very first time, breathing heavily as he teased the bigger man with his hands.

They stared at each other for what seemed like an eternity. Jamie's hand did not waver in its movements but his expression was intense yet unreadable. 

Rhys tentatively pressed the flat of his hand against Jamie's erection through his trousers and the smaller man choked and squirmed. Further encouraged, and leaving himself no room to change his mind because he wanted this so much, he reached into Jamie's own trousers and pulled out the pulsing slimness. 

Jamie was no match for him and in no time the smaller man had lost the little control he had been enjoying. His hold on Rhys' cock faltered as his hands and body began to shake. His head flung back as the pleasure overtook him and he had to completely let go of Rhys to hold himself up. Or try to at least. 

He didn't even realise when he was pushed back on the table and his trousers dragged off completely, though he subconsciously lifted his hips to ease their way. Rhys teased him torturously, his fingers flicking with just the right amount of lightness and pressure and making Jamie's cock ache and throb for more. His small legs lifted of their own accord and opened up for Rhys as his feet rested wide on the edges of the table.

Rhys' huge cock twitched at the sight of that pink opening and Rhys gulped. Hunched over Jamie, he began to slide his hand up and down the hardened flesh faster. Jamie's shudders increased in line with the strokes and he started to tense and whimper.

Short spurts of warm liquid escaped from his cock as his back arched in ecstasy, filling and trickling over Rhys' hands. Rhys winced longingly as he watched, with the dusky opening fluttering along as the slim cock pulsed in release right before his eyes. The small man's back kept arching off the table in jerks and he clawed at Rhys' chest above him.

He met Rhys' gaze and held, pulling on the big man's jumper, wanting him inside him so bad he was going to scream if Rhys didn't get the message. Rhys let himself be pulled and his cock slid against that tight opening. They both gasped and Rhys immediately covered himself with Jamie's release, a very difficult feat for Jamie was pulling at him with all his might.

Jamie's neck bulged as Rhys' pushed in at last, their eyes still holding like they were in some kind of trance. He hadn't allowed Rhys to prepare him so it hurt a bit but Jamie didn't care, his need overcame the pain by a mile and vaporised in quick time. 

Inch by inch Rhys slid into that sleek heat and Jamie's eyes began to roll and flutter in the overwhelming sensation. By the time Rhys was halfway in the small man was losing it. His hands were shaking so bad that when Rhys' braced himself against the table and pushed further, Jamie's back bowed off the table and they lost their hold, flaying wildly as the huge man finally bottomed out in him. Every single fucking inch of Rhys was in him again.

Oh God, it felt so wondrous.

"Oh sweet Jesus. Fuck... fuck."

Jamie's cock had come back to life now and Rhys held still, deeply embedded and oh so close to coming at that very moment. He had wanted this so bad; he felt like he was going to cry from the unparalleled pleasure and relief of being so deep inside this beautiful little man he wanted so much. He had so missed this.

"Jamie... oh god... oh yeah."

Jamie's shaking legs wrapped round his waist to pull him in and thankfully he was ready now. Rhys hiked the legs higher, grabbed Jamie's back and lifted him. He moved so fast that the small man was in a daze by the time his back was slammed into the wall and his jumper dragged off. He felt Rhys' bare chest brushing against his and knew he had taken his jumper off too, somehow. The skin contact felt fantastic. It felt like home.
