 My wife Jessica and I have been married for ten years and we have never considered ourselves as "kinky", but we have always been open for new and exciting ways to improve the already great sex life we have always had.

Jessica had gotten a promotion at work and wanted to invite a few of her co-workers over for a dinner and a few drinks to thank then for all the help they had given her. She warned me that one of the people she was inviting was a gay man and that I was to be nice and not pick on him since he was gay. I kind of chuckled and promised I would be good.

Everyone arrived, including her gay friend who she introduced to me as Peter. We shook hands and he had a very firm handshake, not what I had assumed he would have. We all sat down for a few drinks before dinner and I discovered that Peter was really a very nice person and I was surprised to find myself forgetting that he was gay. We talked about sports and all the jock things that men talk about.

We all had several drinks and were getting a little tipsy so we decided to have dinner. Jessica and I went into the kitchen to start serving and she said to me,

"Peter told me that you and him are hitting it off pretty well!"

"Yes, we are," I said, "He is really a very nice person."

"He also told me that if we weren't married that he might hit on you himself!" Jessica laughed, "He thinks you are pretty good looking."

"Get outta here," I said, "You know that I'm not into guys, just you babe!" I told her and gave her a peck on the cheek.

"I know, but for a second I thought what it would be like to watch you and another guy do each other and I got kind of excited!"

"Well, forget about it, it will never happen." I informed her.

"A girl can always wish, though," Jessica giggled.

I decide to drop the subject and said we had better get dinner on the table. We took all the food to the table and Peter sat down next to me. Jessica looked at me and raised her eyebrows and acted like she was surprised.

We got through dinner with the usual dinner chat and when we were done we all went into the living room and sat down with more drinks. After an hour or so only another married couple and Peter remained. The other couple said they had to get home due to babysitter problems, so we said our good byes and returned to the living room. It was now just Peter, Jessica and myself, and we sat and drank for quite a long time.

About two hours later, we were all pretty drunk, Jessica was the most drunk and she started talking about different fantasies she had. I knew it wouldn't be long before she would bring up our conversation that we had in the kitchen.

"You know Peter, I was telling Chuck in the kitchen earlier that I was wondering what it would be like to watch him and another guy have sex while I watched," she said.

Peter became a little embarassed at that and said,"I don't know if I could do something like that or not."

He glanced over at me when he said that and I saw him give me a little smile. We kept on drinking and Jessica continued to talk about her little fantasy. We had all become very drunk, so Jessicas teasing and prodding us got us all laughing. Jessica suddenly became serious and said,

"Come on you guys, you want to give me my fantasy don't you?"

"I think you have had to much to drink," I scolded her,"Time to cut you off."

"I think it's time for you two to do it for me!," she laughed,"You want to don't you Peter?"

Peter laughed and didn't say anything to the remark. I thought it best to stay quiet too. Jessica went on and on and I figured there was only one way to keep her quiet and I was drunk enough by now to do just about anything.

"Chuck has a seven inch cock when it is hard Peter," Jessica cooed,"How big is yours?"

"Mine is about the same size," Peter said, readjusting himself next to me on the couch.

"Really?" Jessica's eyes got wide, "Let's see it!"

"Do you really want me to do this Chuck?" he asked, "I don't have to you know."

"Be my guest," I told him, "Whatever you want."

I was surprised that I was starting to have fun and was actually looking forward to seeing Peter's cock.

"Hurray!" Jessica screamed, clapping her hands as Peter stood up and started to undo his pants.

He slowly undid the snap and unzipped his pants. Jessica sat and almost drooled at the sight. I was staring to get hard myself to my surprise. Peter let his pants fall to the floor and I could see through his briefs that his cock was already hard. He kicked his pants off and peeled his briefs off revealing a very nice looking cock. He sat back down and looked over and told me it was my turn.

I stood up and started to get undressed. He watched as I took my pants off and pulled down my boxers. My cock was only half hard and he said not to worry, that he could take care of the rest of the way.

I sat down and Peter put his hand on my thigh and slowly moved toward my cock. He wrapped his hand around the shaft and softly stroked me.

As he stroked, he would go all the way up to the head then move his fingers down to my balls where he would gently finger them. I closed my eyes as my cock became rock hard. I leaned my head back and began to raise my hips to meet his hand movements.

He leaned over and flicked the head of my cock with his tongue and I let out a little moan. He started to lick my shaft from the very top to the bottom until my cock was wet with his spit.

I reached over and grabbed his hard seven inches as he wrapped his mouth around the top of my cock.

I stroked him as his warm mouth engulfed my entire cock down to my balls. His tongue was constantly flicking back and forth on my head as he sucked.

He stopped and looked up at me and said, "Lay down on the couch." 

I did what he asked, and then he threw his leg over my head putting us in a sixty nine position with his cock half an inch from my mouth. I opened my mouth and took him in as I moaned at the taste of my first man. I took as much as I could in while he did the same. My hips were bucking up and down as he sucked me. He was squeezing my balls and fingering my ass while he sucked.

He started to pump his cock in my face faster and faster. We were both sucking so hard that we were making loud noises with are mouths. While he fucked me in the mouth, I looked over at Jessica and she had her jeans off and her blouse unbuttoned. She was squeezing a hard nipple with one hand while the other was feverishly working at her pussy inside her panties. When I saw this I could hold my cum no longer. 

I felt my load rise up in my cock as it shot onto Peters mouth. He kept his mouth over my cock as I came harder than I ever had before. Peter was moaning loudly as he swallowed my load and I could tell he was about to cum himself. He didn't try to pull out of my mouth when he started to cum, so I let his sperm slide down my throat as he jerked and bucked. At the same time, I heard Jessica let out a scream telling me she was cumming too. I looked over and she was bucking her hips with three fingers inside her pussy as she came like I had never seen before.

We all laid there for a while afterwards and fell asleep from all the drinking and great sex. The next day when we woke, we agreed that we would all get together and do this again real soon.