 "Oh yes, oh god yes." Aaron was panting hard under the touch of Jack's hand on his cock. His frat roommate, the guy who had brought him into the fraternity and who had volunteered to room with him his initiative semester here, was driving him wild.

It was late in the night; they both had been studying, or at least Aaron had been. He was cramming for a big chemistry exam he had the next morning. But Aaron was having a hard time concentrating. The room was small. Room for just one desk separating two twin beds. They had to call dibs on the desk, with the other one forced downstairs to the common rooms, where they were more likely to get involved in a wrestling match or chugging contest than working the books.

Jack, as a full brother in the fraternity, had dibs whenever he wanted on the desk. But Aaron was lucky in that Jack was more the jock than the scholar and didn't fight Aaron for position there much. With the exam tomorrow, Aaron had won the desk. But he was losing the battle for concentration.

The night was hot, and the frat house, which could best be described as utilitarian even under the piles of rubbish and notwithstanding the damaged floors, walls, and ceilings that came with college men living in rented quarters, wasn't air conditioned. So the lone window over the desk was open and Aaron was down to athletic shorts, while Jack was stripped down even further, to his briefs.

Jack was stretched out on the bed, reading a gay male glossy magazine and languidly scratching at his hard belly and fingering himself through the flimsy white cotton of the briefs. His occasional grunts and groans cut through the silence of the room.

This was why Aaron couldn't concentrate on his studies. Jack had fucked him before—but just the once, and it was the only time Aaron had let a guy do that to him. Aaron had gotten—and even given—head a few times before that, and he knew he was interested in what a man could do with another man, but it wasn't until he'd been a junior camp counselor the previous summer and met up with Jack as a senior camp counselor and discovered that they would be attending the same college that Aaron began to fall under the spell of another male enough to allow a hard cock up his channel.

Jack was all of the things Aaron thought he wanted to be that summer at the camp—and Jack showed an interest in him and helped him surmount all of the hurdles in learning to handle at-risk city boys let loose in the woods. Aaron had happened on Jack fucking one of the other counselors in the shower stalls near the close of the summer, and Aaron spent the last two weeks of camp dreaming of what it would be like to be with Jack and sloughing off any resistance he might have had to such an encounter.

In the end Aaron was a pushover. All Jack had to do was to walk into Aaron's cabin after most of the boys and all of the counselors Aaron had been bunking with had departed the camp, open his fly, drag out his cock, and tell Aaron he wanted him to suck him off, and Aaron was doing his bidding. Aaron hadn't really envisioned it going further than that, but by the time Jack finished feeling him up and working his cock up with his hand, Aaron was virtually begging to be fucked. And Jack had obliged. Jack was built big, but he had been as gentle he could have been when it had come to the point of entry, and there had been far more pleasure and arousal and jacking off for Aaron in the experience than he'd imagined would be the case the first time he did it.

Not that there had been any question in Aaron's mind that he'd do it. He had been curious about it for some time. There in the rustic woods, held in Jack's arms, and being pumped slowly to the rhythm of the croaking of frogs at the nearby pond and the pressure of a hand working him up and making him come was as good a way for him to lose his virginity as any. And Aaron was up for a frequent repeating of the act with Jack.

But the next day Jack had decamped, and since they'd gotten to college Jack hadn't touched Aaron. He'd teased him and he'd encouraged Aaron to pledge this fraternity, and he'd volunteered to be his big brother and his roommate. But it was late October already and other than a few pats and fondles and a shared hand job their first night in the room, it was almost as if they'd never had sex before.

Or it was almost as if Jack was building up to something big.

Aaron felt himself breathing heavily and taking sidelong looks at Jack on the bed as Jack slowly paged through the magazine and ran his hand over his nicely muscled body. Using every ounce of his will, Aaron buried his eyes in his chem book.

"Com'her."

Aaron looked up, startled. He hadn't sensed Jack raise himself to a sitting position on the bed, very close to Aaron. Everything in their room was very close to everything else, almost oppressively so, which added to the aroused heaviness Aaron felt.

Aaron's eyes went big. Jack was sitting there, legs spread wide, patting the space between them with one hand and beckoning to Aaron with the other. The bulge of his dick beneath the thin cotton material of the briefs caused Aaron to gasp.

"Come on over here. Give me some sugar, will ya? I'm horny readin' this mag. Want a little of you over here."

Aaron felt himself going hard. With a sigh and a hoarse catch in his breath, he pulled away from his book. All he needed to do was half stand and turn, and Jack had his arms around his waist, pulling him down into a sitting position on the edge of the bed between Jack's spread thighs.

Jack was bigger and stronger than Aaron. When Aaron was sitting between his legs, Jack encircled him with heavily muscled arms and held him close. This was what Aaron remembered most of their earlier encounter—Jack holding him close, not letting him move a muscle, with the only things in motion being Jack's cock and rolling pelvis and Aaron's split and quivering butt cheeks.

"Oh, Jack," Aaron whimpered. He could feel Jack's hard cock at the base of his spine even through Jack's briefs. "Oh, god."

Jack's lips went to the hollow of Aaron's neck, and one of his hands pushed Aaron's shorts and briefs below his knees and went to Aaron's cock, palming the rising member and thrumbing the piss slit with a thumb.

"Oh yes, oh god yes." Aaron was panting hard under the touch of Jack's hand on his cock.

Jack whispered endearments in Aaron's ear—of how nice Aaron's body was and did Aaron remember what Jack had done to that body before and detailing step by step what he was going to do to it now. Aaron moaned his arousal as Jack held him very still and pumped his cock with a hand and made like he was going to invade his piss slit with an index finger.

Aaron writhed within the limited freedom Jack allowed him. Murmuring of how good it was; warning Jack when he was close to coming; trying to move with the rhythm of the pumping of his cock as he came close to ejaculation, although Jack was holding him too firmly; shuddering and crying out as he ejaculated out onto the thin throw rug behind the desk chair.

And then crying out again—this time in shock and indignation—as a coarse-thread bag came over his head and was pulled down to his waist, pinning his arms against his side, and he began to have trouble breathing between his exclamations and explicatives. Hands on him—more hands than Jack had. Roughly handling him and lifting him and carrying him, struggling, but without effect, out of the room, down the hall, and out into the night.

* * * *

Aaron was in the trunk of a car, his wrists and ankles bound and a burlap bag over his head. It was crowded in there because he wasn't the only one in the trunk. The other guy was swearing under his breath, and Aaron recognized the voice of the fraternity's other pledge, a black guy named Sam who was rushed because he was the star fullback of the college's football team. Sam was a big bruiser of a guy; not exactly what one would want to share a car truck with. Aaron also thought he was hot, but Sam had shown not a spark of interest in Aaron; all he could talk about were the girls he balled, and Aaron didn't have the slightest doubt that Sam could suck any girl on campus he wanted to fuck.

"That you, Sam?" Aaron asked.

"Yeah. I thought that would be you too, Aaron. Those fuckers. I could tell by the way they were pussyfooting around that they was plannin' something."

"I guess this is it, then," Aaron whispered.

"I guess so."

"Well, after tonight we should be in."

"Yeah, I guess."

The car moved over a smooth road, but soon it made a right turn and was on gravel, and Aaron and Sam were being bounced around. They heard boisterous talking and raucous laughter from inside the car's passenger compartment. Aaron could identify the voices well enough. His fraternity brothers. This was his pledge semester. He'd expected to be hazed. They were driving Sam and him out into the countryside, and they'd have to find their own way back. Simple enough. He could manage this.

When they stopped and the trunk lid was opened, the burlap bag came off Aaron's head and shoulders and someone was untying his ankles. He slipped when they got him on the ground and Aaron stumbled against Tony, the frat president, Mr. Campus, who thought so much of himself and was so rich. Aaron suspected none of the other guys really liked him, but his father owned the fraternity house and rented it to them at a ridiculously low rate—and didn't seem to mind that they were slowly trashing the place. Tony had his father wound around his finger. Tony could do no wrong that couldn't be overlooked as just a devilish prank.

"Get off me, pledge," Tony growled at Aaron and pushed him into the scrub brush at the edge of a wooded area off the unlit parking lot where they'd parked. Aaron struggled up and looked around him. There were five of the senior brothers, including Jack, who was helping Bert, the fraternity's egghead—the guy who wrote papers for the brothers who couldn't be bothered—pull a struggling Sam out of the car trunk. Two other guys, Pete and Tom, guys who stayed pretty much in the background and played the angles on whoever seemed to be strongest in a fight or argument, were standing back now, too. Tom was carrying a couple of car blankets and Pete was holding a case of beer above one shoulder. Tony obviously was in charge. And Aaron shivered in the cool evening, in only his althetic shorts and briefs, because he knew Tony didn't like him much. Well, he didn't like Tony much either.

"See the path, dotcha?" Tony hissed. "Down that. Now."

So, it was going to be more than just deserting them to walk back to the college, Aaron thought, as he stumbled, Sam just behind him, into the tree line. They came upon a small picnic area with a grassy area next to it, and Tony directed Tom to spread the blankets on the grass and Pete to set the beer on one of the picnic tables and to start doling the cans out.

"Not you, pledge," Tony yelled at Aaron, even though Aaron hadn't made any move to take one.

"You can have one, though, Sam. While you strip."

"I ain't doin' no strippen," Sam declared.

"You will if you want to be in this fraternity," Tony said, his voice menacing.

Sam mumbled something obscene and then declared he wouldn't be doing anything but stripping. But he began to pull his jeans off his legs, complying with the demand.

It was evident from the outset, though, that they were waltzing around Sam. It wasn't just his size. They really wanted him in the fraternity. He was a star scholarship athlete and every frat had to have one of those. Jack filled the bill now, being captain of the basketball team. But he was a senior. They needed another one when he was gone, and obviously Sam was going to be that for them.

So, Aaron knew that the brunt of this hazing was going to fall on him.

Tony pulled him over onto the blanket while Sam was stripping down and told him to go down on his knees—and then to go down on Bert, who had come around to in front of Aaron and was unzipping himself and pulling his cock out.

"Jack says you do this real well, Aaron. That you love doin' it. We needed a frat punch—to relieve tension and all that—and Jack said you'd do that for us."

Aaron looked around for Jack to give him an accusing stare, but he already had his arms around Pete and was pushing him back toward one of the picnic tables. Aaron's face went red. His folks had paid his frat dues and room and board in advance. He felt humiliated, but he couldn't afford to just walk out on this deal. And he did want to be in the fraternity. It wasn't like he hadn't done this before either.

Thus, when Bert held his cock out, Aaron took it in his mouth and started giving him head.

"Strip off those shorts and down on all fours," Tony commanded. Aaron complied, and Bert went down on his knees as Aaron descended without losing purchase on Bert's hardening cock.

"Now, Sam, we want you to fuck Aaron." Aaron gave a little shudder, but he persevered.

Sam, however, balked. "No, ain't gonna do that," he declared.

"What's the matter?" Tony asked. "Don't you like him?"

"No, he ain't my type."

"What's that supposed to mean."

"He ain't female; ain't got no cunt."

"Well, suit yourself then," Tony said. "But you've got to watch."

Aaron was surprised at himself, but he was actually disappointed that Sam had said no. Out of all of the guys here, Sam was the only one other than Jack who turned him on. He could go with Sam. And Jack wasn't exactly on his good list at the moment. Jack had Pete laying on his back on the picnic table, legs spread, and was already fucking him in long strokes. Aaron felt humiliated that Jack had just done what he'd done with him to set him up for a bitch role in the fraternity.

He had no more time than that to think about it, though, because he cried out and lurched when Tony crouched over his hips from the rear, pushed his cock inside his channel, and began doggy fucking him. After Tony came Bert. And then Tom. He was offered to Sam again, who repeated his refusal.

And Jack showed no interest in taking a turn on Aaron at all.

Aaron was still laying on the ground, dozing in exhaustion and residual pain from the gang banging, the blanket having been jerked out from underneath him when the guys were finished with him. Silence reigned, other than the normal forest sounds, when he became fully conscious. The sound of car doors closing had been what brought him alert. He stumbled up onto his feet and lurched down the path. When he came to the parking lot, the car was across the lot and making a turn on the road—back toward the college, Aaron hoped, because this was the only clue they were giving him on how he was going to get out of here.

He was naked, but he had the presence in mind to go back to the clearing and see that they'd left him his athletic shorts—but not his briefs.

When he came back to the lot, he realized that Sam wasn't there. They'd let him go back with them. And once again, the humiliation poured over Aaron. He was being shown exactly where he fit in the fraternity. He felt trapped and conflicted on whether he wanted to continue pledging—but not knowing what to do if he didn't.

He walked out onto the road, being thankful that they at least had left him in his hiking boots and socks. The parking lot was long and narrow, and Aaron entered it at the end that connected to the gravel road. So, he didn't see the long, sleek black limousine parked in the darkness at the other end of the lot.

* * * *

Aaron had to walk maybe two miles down the gravel road toward what he hoped was an asphalted main road with traffic on it this time of night. Once or twice he thought he heard the gravel crunch behind him, but when he turned, he saw nothing. He did what little he could, under the circumstances. He walked a little faster and a little closer to the side of the road, where he hopefully would have an option of flagging an approaching vehicle down or jumping into the dense forest at the side of the road, depending on whatever split decision he made about the approaching vehicle.

As he walked, he became progressively more ticked with the fraternity brothers. He'd never been manhandled like that before, but after the first dick, the rest seemed like just so much more humiliation. It was less the way he'd been used that set him off and more the difference in treatment between him and Sam—like Sam mattered and he didn't. And then there was Jack's sudden disinterest in him, topped with his going at Pete. Pete was a nebbish, part of the wallpaper in the fraternity house. There because his family owned a beer distribution business. How could Jack prefer Pete to him? But the worst of it, under the circumstances, was Sam's rejection of him.

Well, he'd show them. He'd act like this never happened, and then when he passed out as a pledge, he'd get his dig in at them—every one of them. Nothing they could blame on him, but he'd know he'd done it. Something humiliating for each of them. He'd devil those guys good, he would.

Aaron had reached the main road. There was the decision on which way to go. He had just about decided that there was more light on the horizon above the road to the right than to the left, so that was more likely to be his college town, when he heard the crunching noise on the gravel again. That decided him, and he struck off in that direction. It was just as well, because he wouldn't have to cross the divided road if he went in this direction. And now that he thought about it, he seemed to remember a left turn onto the gravel road when he'd been in the car trunk.

Aaron hadn't walked more than a hundred yards when a big semitrailer truck came bearing down on him. He turned and bravely stuck out his thumb. The truck managed to pull to a stop another hundred yards down the road and blinked its tail lights. Aaron took out running, trying to figure out what to say when he got there.

He decided to just tell the truth.

As he reached the side of the truck cab, the door swung open and he grabbed the bar and stepped up onto the running board.

"A little late and cool for a hike in the fall with what you're wearing, son, ain't it?"

The guy had to be in his forties at least and was wiry, wearing jeans and a muscle T, with greasy, scraggly hair and probably some missing teeth, although Aaron couldn't be sure in this light. More than a day's growth of stubble and a crude tattoo on a well-worked bicep. No Aaron's normal choice of traveling companion, but Aaron couldn't be choosy.

"Sorry. I'm from the college in Milbank. We headed in the right direction? And, sorry. I'm out here on a fraternity pledge hazing. I was brought out here and dumped on the side of the road."

"I'se always goin' in the right direction, son. Fraternity you say? So you're one of those hotsie tottsy college frat guys then?"

"Yes, sorry. Is it OK if I hitch a ride with you into town?"

"We'll see about that. We'll see what sort of arrangement we can make."

Aaron hopped up into the cab and settled on the seat beside the driver. He was desperate to get off the road at this time of night. The sound of the gravel behind him had spooked him. The driver put the rig in gear and slowly eased back up onto the road. He picked up speed rapidly.

"Thanks," Aaron said as they got under way. "I don't have my wallet or anything. If you get me back to my frat house, I can pay you something. Or if you don't want to go out of your way, I'll just get off wherever our paths diverge."

"Paths diverge. That's a good one." The driver laughed. "They teach you those kind of words in college, do they?"

"Yeah, I guess," Aaron said, trying his best to stay on the driver's good side. "So, is it OK? Seeing that I wasn't left with anything I could pay you with now."

"Oh, I think you have something you can pay me with."
