 There is this little adult theater in West Palm Beach called the Follies Theater, where I like to go now and then. Having just turned 60, with a bit of a gut, and my hair starting to show silver, I don't get that many looks from other guys. I'm married, and my wife stopped liking sex a few years ago, so I started going their to hopefully get a blowjob now and then. Of course as time went on, I started yearning to do some sucking too, so it ended up that I would go there and get sucked, or it would be me doing the sucking. In fact, several times I would sit there and have someone between my knees sucking on my little 5 incher, while someone else was standing beside me feeding me their cock.

Being white, I never fooled around with black guys. I just figured that was not the thing to be doing. Any ways, one morning ( I enjoy going in the mornings cause its not so crowded ), I was sitting in the back row, jacking off and stealing glances around at some of the other guys, when the buzzer went off, signaling that someone was entering the mini theater.

I slipped my cock back into my pants and slouched down into my seat some more. It was a little dark in there, but I could tell that the guy who came in was a black guy. He seemed to be about 6ft tall, a little slender, and had what they call dread locks. The guy started walking towards the back row, and I hoped he would choose another row. But instead he walked past me and went a few feet, and then turned around and sat down beside me. I figured this was gonna be a wasted morning, and would go get a burger or something. I sat there for a few minutes, so that it wouldn't be too obvious that I was leaving cause he sat down next to me.

Keeping my eyes glued to the movie screen, I felt his arm next to mine on the arm rest moving, like he was jacking off. So I stole a glance sideways and down, and noticed that he had pulled his cock out and was stroking it. 

Now having read many stories about black guys and white women, and how they are always so hung in those stories, I kind of figured that they were just stretching the truth so to speak. But this guy had quite a piece of meat he was stroking. I kept looking at the screen and then back at his cock, and the more I looked at his cock, the longer I stared at it. I dared not look at his face, but I could feel that he knew I was looking at it. There were several other guys in the back row that were also looking at it.

So here I am... always being careful to have anonymous sex with other white men, can here I am sitting next to this black guy watching him stroke his cock. 

I finally looked up and he was looking at me with a smile on his face. Shit... he had seen me looking. Now what was I gonna do. I had forgot about getting up and leaving, and here I am, with my hand inside my pants slowly jacking myself off, while looking at a black guys cock.

It must have been at least 8 inches long, and quite big around. This bullshit about guys having cocks as big around as coke cans is stretching it a little, but this guys cock was big around!

After he caught me looking at it, I didn't know what to do. Zip up and get out of there, or move to another seat, or just sit there like a bump on a log and let it happen. Well, he made the decision for me. He spread his legs a little more and his left leg touched my right leg. We were both wearing cutoffs, so his skin felt like it was searing my leg. To afraid to move my leg, I kept it still while his jacking motion kept his leg rubbing up against mine.

At this point, I was not even looking at the movie screen anymore. He had my full attention. I felt his left arm leave the arm rest we were sharing, and the next thing I know, he has it up around the back of my chair. My fucking heart stopped right there and then. "Now what's gonna happen" im thinking. I looked up at his face again, and his white teeth were showing a slight smirk as he continued jacking off with his right hand.

Then something inside me did what I did not expect. I moved my right arm and dropped it down onto his lap. The second I did that, his left arm dropped down on my shoulder, and he started to squeeze it. I reached for his cock, and he let it go with his other hand. I'm telling you, I never felt anything so hot in all my life. I swear his cock was almost on fire. I slowly started to jack it off, dragging his foreskin up and down over his knob. Even with the light from the movie screen, I could see that his cock was coal black.

So here I am... a retired white guy with a paunch, and silver in my hair, jacking of this black guy with dread locks. Now and then I could hear people moving around in their seats in front of us, and staring back at us. I should have known we were the center of attraction, cause no one else was doing anything. They were all looking to see if I was going to go down on him. 

Well, his black cock looked very tempting, but I was scared of the aids thing, and also of any other disease he might have. Thinking back, this really had never been that much of a problem when I was messing around with white guys. Then I noticed that the firm grip he had on my shoulder started to be more of a pressure to draw me closer to him. I must have been jacking him off for a good 10 minutes by then. 

The next thing he did, nearly made me cum in my pants. He leaned over to me, as to kiss me, and said into my ear "that feels great". I'm sure he said it loud enough so that everyone in our row and the row in front of us heard it. 

I was really lost in the moment now. His cock was now at full staff, and appeared to be close to 9 inches long, and it was HARD. His steady pressure on my shoulder kept bringing my face closer and closer to his lap. And now some guys were openly staring at us. No longer were they stealing glaces. The guy directly in front of us was turned around, and probably not more than a foot and a half from us. He had a grin on his face, like he knew what was gonna happen.

A couple of times I started to go for the head of his cock, but then I would pull back. And it seemed that each time, I would not pull back as far as the last time. By now I had forgotten all about my own cock, and was thoroughly engrossed in his. Then it happened... I started to lean forward again, and this time I did not stop. I went down to the shiny head and first I was gonna stick my tongue out and lick it, and then I changed my mind and was gonna just put it in my mouth, and then I ended up instead just kissing it.

I felt like a fucking fool. Here i'm jacking this black guy off, and all these other white guys are watching me, and I end up kissing his cock. They probably all thought I was a rank novice... which I was. So after kissing it, he doubled his pressure on my back, and I opened my mouth and sucked him in. The minute I took him in my mouth, he let out a sigh, and I heard a lot of the seats around us creak from movement. I sucked on him for only a moment, and then sat back upright. I's sure it didn't make him very happy, but I was still wondering what the hell I was doing at that moment. The guy sitting in front of us had a knowing smile on his face, and he didn't even pretend to turn back around to watch the movie.

I was still jacking him off with my right hand, but I turned slightly to start doing it with my left hand. When I did, he put the pressure on my back again, and I just gave into it, and leaned back down and took him into my mouth again. This time, he put his hand on the back of my neck, and I could tell I wasn't coming back up until he would let me. I took about 3 inches in my mouth, and swirled my tongue around and under his foreskin. My right hand was still jacking him off as I was sucking, and my right hand now had a hold of his balls. I've read stories about guys have balls the size of grape fruits, but this guys balls were plenty big. 

He slowly started to apply more pressure to the back of my neck, making it feel like he was face fucking me. A couple of times I got maybe about 5 inches of his cock buried into my mouth, but each time, it felt like I was gonna gag. How some people can claim to take another guys cock into their throat, is beyond me. But the more I tried, the more it felt like I was gonna gag.

I also noticed that the veins in his cock were getting bigger, and now the foreskin seemed to have been peeled back, and has big black cock was now rock hard. 

Now having sucked maybe 10 or 15 cocks in my lifetime, I have had only one guy cum in my mouth. And that happened cause I wasn't paying attention to what was going on. Afterwards, I remember being scared if I had caught something from his cum.

So here I was sucking off this black cock, in front of a bunch of other white guys, knowing that his cock was getting very rigid. It hadn't started throbbing yet, but I knew it wasn't far away. How was I gonna get out of this, without having him cum in my mouth... Well the decision was again made for me. His hand left my neck and went to the back of my head, and held it firmly down in place. Then his cock started throbbing in my mouth, and I tried to pull up. But with his hand firmly on my head, I wasn't going anywhere. Then I felt him hold his breath, and his body seemed to stiffen.

His ass jerked up shoving another inch into my mouth, and then he cut loose with a powerful squirt of cum. I stiffened and refused to swallow, but another glob of cum was shot into my mouth, and now it was either swallow it, or have it go down the wrong pipe. The swallowing motion made it feel like another inch was coming into my mouth. But in reality I knew it was just the head of his cock, contracting and expanding as another glob of cum made its way to the back of my throat.

I was retching and swallowing at the same time, and he was not letting up on the pressure on the back of my head. After the fourth glob of cum came out, I knew he was just about finished. Only a little came out that time, and it was more like they were dry spurts. He took his hand off of my head, and I went straight up with my head, like I was gasping for air. There staring me in the face was the guy in front of us. He had a strange stare on his face, like I had just got him off too. The guys in our row were all still looking at me. I didn't know what to do, except to go down on his cock one more time.... swirling my tongue over his knob. When I did it, he seemed to jerk a little, like maybe his cock head was now getting sensitive. I sucked it hard, and let it pop out of my mouth.

Then I looked up at him, and he had this big grin eating smile on his face that said "another whitey converted".