 Buzz. BUZZ. BUZZ! 

Akuma rolled over, feeling the perfect numbness of sleep replaced by a throbbing and impetuous headache. Who was awake at ten o'clock on a Sunday? He grabbed his phone and checked the contact name. Fuck. 

"Oh fuck..." he groaned, pressing the button to answer. He knew that if he hung up or ignored that he'd just keep calling. 

"Hello Nii-sama," came a far-too-happy voice on the other end. 

"I should've known that when I woke up with a headache the source would be you, ototo-chan," Akuma sighed, clamping a hand over his forehead and pushing the hair up. 

"What do you want anyway?" 

"You're coming to Queensbury to visit our parents for the weekend. You haven't seen them in two years Nii-sama, it's not fair on them you're a grouch," his younger brother Gaichu answered huffily. He wasn't going to let his parents be disappointed by Akuma a third year in a row. 

"How about no?" Akuma growled, taking the phone away from his ear. A string of curses from his ototo began, and rang through the room despite speaker phone being off. 

"You're not going to shut up unless I come are you?" Akuma sighed, knowing how persistent Gaichu could be. 

"Look, I'll come as long as you don't make me pretend like I want to be there," 

"Deal," was the immediate response 

"But I'm bringing Katie and I told our parents you were bringing your boyfriend. So don't disappoint them, mkay?" 

"You told them what?!" But Gaichu had already hung up. Akuma pushed his hair back behind his ears and got up, shrugging into boxers, skinny jeans and a shirt then packing spare underwear. He added some kohl to define his eyes and debated whether to call his lov- boyfriend!- or not. He decided that another phone call this early would make him insane and poured himself a cup of Camomile tea before walking to his boyfriend's house. 

When he knocked on Kaiko's door, he was surprised when it was opened immediately and his innocent stood in a light blue dress shirt, beige khakis and carrying a brown duffel bag. He'd dyed the front of his blonde hair purple. Kaiko gave his boyfriend a small, innocent smile. 

"Good morning Akuma-kun. Your ototo called me and told me about the trip. He didn't trust you to actually come get me," Kaiko explained as if this was the most normal occurrence in the world. Well, in their relationship it was. It was funny to Kaiko how everyone seemed to irritate Akuma just by existing. 

"Bastard..." Akuma snarled before turning back to Kaiko. 

"Well come on or we'll miss the bus," 

The couple walked side by side, Akuma hunched over smoking a cigarette with his ever-present frown and Kaiko clutched to his arm, smiling happily and almost skipping to the bus stop. 

* 

Ding dong. 

Akuma rang the doorbell to his parent's house and put a painfully strained smile on his face as the elderly couple opened the door. The were both far smaller than Akuma and neither one had brown hair like his. Or green eyes, Kaiko noticed. They were both tanned whilst Akuma was pale, and both were stout whilst Akuma was lean. 

"Good to see you, otosan and mother," Akuma greeted, sarcasm and falseness dripping from his every syllable. The elderly couple didn't seem to notice and led the couple in for tea. The couple walked in and saw Gaichu and a seemingly American girl called Katie, who had large eyes and long wavy dark hair. Gaichu looked more like his parents. Small with brown eyes and black hair. He was of average build and nodded dutifully to Akuma, who ignored him and raided the fridge for wine. 

Over dinner Akuma's parents talked about how happy they were that their son was dating a respectable man and sharing stories about Akuma and Gaichu's childhood. Kaiko noticed that Gaichu's stories went to birth, and Akuma's stories only began at the age of eight. 

Akuma sat at the table on the verge of attacking someone, almost ripping out tufts of hair in frustration as his dear ototo and parents and boyfriend shared their happinesses. He glanced at Katie who was having an equally awkward time. They shared a sympathetic look toward the other and somehow both kept their composure throughout the dinner. 

Kaiko and Akuma had to sleep in Akuma's old room. It had purple walls with black satin bedsheets, a small wardrobe and a VHS player in the corner hooked up to a small television. Kaiko had glanced in Gaichu's room and seen way more cool stuff. Akuma threw his luggage down and sat on the edge of the bed. 

"Sorry you had to come here. Was it as boring as you thought, Kaiko-kun?" Akuma chuckled half-heartedly. Kaiko put his hands on his hips in a stern manner and Akuma recognised his mistake. They were alone now and that meant- 

"I-I'm so sorry Master Kaiko-sama," Akuma gulped fearfully. 

Since Kaiko's birthday they'd been the cute couple to everyone else and Akuma still acted dominant outwardly. But whenever they were alone or in bed together, Kaiko was in complete control. Akuma liked it that way. He'd always had to worry and make the correct decisions. When Master Kaiko was in charge all the decisions were made for him. It was nice not having to worry for a while. 

Akuma stood at full attention waiting on orders from the man he could easily pick up and throw over his head. 

"Get on the bed now. Don't question me Akuma-chan," Kaiko ordered. The one thing Akuma hated about their playtime was being called Akuma-chan. It genuinely made him uncomfortable. He laid his form out on he bed, limbs open and willing. 

He felt his shirt being pulled from his head and his jeans and underwear pulled off. There was something intimidating about being naked when Kaiko was fully clothed, especially in a suit. Kaiko pulled a long pink ribbon from his bag, and tied in firmly around the base of Akuma's cock, which was beginning to harden. 

"If you're good I might let you cum," 

This was true. Whenever he was good he got that reward. He'd be extra good that night. Akuma tensed when he felt a riding crop brush over his thighs and looked up, awaiting further orders. He tried to keep as neutral a face as possible, for scowling or whining wound result in punishment and both came quite naturally to Akuma. He noticed that Kaiko, his innocent had begun to rub his crotch. Akuma yearned to do the same. 

"Master Kaiko-sama, may I please..." 

" I didn't permit you to talk," Kaiko warned, waving the riding crop casually in front of the older male's face. 

Akuma shut up immediately, and a soft blindfold was applied. 

Kaiko got on top of Akuma, straddling Akuma's hips and spreading his pale legs. Kaiko began to masturbate Akuma in long, slow strokes, causing the older one to gasp and grip the bed in desperation. He wasn't permitted to writhe, shy away for move much at all. Nor was he allowed to make a sound. And the riding crop provided enough threat for him not to provoke his innocent. Kaiko coated his hand in saliva and began to slowly insert his fingers up Akuma's hole in preparation. Akuma groomed his teeth, trying to stay still sand quiet for his Master. The fingers twirled around tentatively and stretched the limits of Akuma's hole. Akuma whined as the fingers were removed, and his felt his arms being lifted and tied to the headboard using another silk material. Stronger this time. 

Akuma felt Kaiko moving behind him, lifting his legs up and then felt something press against his hole. He couldn't take it anymore and began to squirm slightly. Kaiko took it as consent and pushed himself inside Akuma, without stopping. He thrusted inward hard, hearing the larger male mewl in pain and pleasure. Kaiko wanted to hear Akuma scream, so he pulled out almost to the tip and thrusting again, harder this time. Akuma screamed and dug his nails into his own flesh, feeling the blood trail down his pale arms. 

"Now now. None of that," Kaiko scowled before pulling out fully and fitting Akuma with padded mittens to stop him tearing his wrists apart in ecstasy. Kaiko then returned to the task at hand, but slowly pushed in, more loving and gentle. But to Akuma it was a slow torture. Kaiko thrusted in a steady rhythm, deliberately missing Akuma's prostate. No. his boyfriend wouldn't cum until permitted. As Kaiko thrusted slowly, he heard a small whimper. 

"Master Kaiko-sama...please...I can't...take it...please hurry..." 

Kaiko was all to happy to oblige and sped up again, hearing the body below him scream his name. Kaiko administered a harsh bite to Akuma's shoulder, watching the blood crawl down that alabaster skin. They'd need to change the sheets in the morning. The blood excited Kaiko to go even faster, and felt himself grown painful, the heat travelling to his loins and he spilled his seed inside his tall boyfriend. Kaiko rested his head on Akuma's shoulder, ready to curl up and sleep. 

"Um...Master Kaiko-sama?" Akuma asked nervously. The sex was over, but calling him 'kun' was still not acceptable whilst they were alone together. Kaiko looked up, awaiting a question. 

"I...I was good, wasn't I?" 

"That you were," Kaiko agreed and removed the blindfold. Akuma actually felt saddened as the debilitating fabric was removed, but he was all to happy to see Kaiko's large, innocent eyes staring back at him. Akuma's restraints were removed but lesions still remained on his wrists. He'd borrow some of Katie's foundation to hide it. 

Kaiko lowered his head to Akuma's cock, unraveling the ribbon with his teeth and letting it rest on his boyfriend's thigh. Kaiko's mouth took Akuma inside it and began to bob his head, coating it in saliva. As Kaiko's tongue wrapped around the hilt, Akuma shot strands of thick semen into his mouth, which was licked up and shared by the two in a passionate kiss. 

* 

About thirty minutes later with the sheets in the wash, Akuma and Kaiko lay on the soft couch in Akuma's parents sitting room, drinking hot chocolate and watching one of Akuma's horror movies on mute. Kaiko noticed that Akuma always needed to watch horrors after sex. And before sex. And once during sex. And every other time they did anything remotely un-horror related. 

Kaiko buried himself deep in the blanket with Akuma idly playing with his blonde locks. When they aren't playing, Kaiko was incredibly shy around his boyfriend. 

"Akuma-san?" He asked. Akuma gave an uninterested grunt to show that he was listening. 

"Will you ever love me?" Kaiko was on the verge of tearing up, and he snuggled closer to his boyfriend. There was no answer for a long time. Then, about five minutes later Akuma whispered faintly. 

"I'm broken..." 

There was silence until they fell asleep in comfort, their limbs intwined for warmth and emotional support.