 Hey, I'm Mark and this is my story. I'm gonna explain who I am now, who I am was before, and how I got here. My story is gonna start kind of slow but I want a good foundation to explain how I got in the spot I'm in now. It wasn't my fault I ended up this way.

Physically, I'm almost 5'8"s tall, very slim, smooth, no facial hair, and a face my mother calls angelic. I have always received compliments on my eyes and modelesque facial features, but sadly, have always been too shy around women to have a girlfriend. I weigh about 132 pounds and am considered skinny and undefined, with long, thick, blonde curly hair. The only thing I have that is actually well developed on me, is my ass. For some reason, I have a girl's butt. For real, it's big for a skinny kid, just plain big and meaty. My heritage is Danish/German.

When I turned 19 years old, I got a job at an adult book store. It only paid $8.25 an hour, but I really didn't have to do much, so I loved it. I worked behind a plexi glass enclosed counter most of the time, selling sex toys, lingerie, bondage equipment etc...and renting their huge stock of X-rated movies to customers. Once or twice a week I had to stock shelves, but for the most part I sat on my butt unsupervised and played on my cell phone, so again, I loved this job.

The store had a video arcade in the back with separate viewing booths that locked. It was a "member's only admittance" in which you could buy a daily membership for $8.00 to enter. I was supposed to go back there every two hours during my shift to clean up a little, and that was the part of the job I disliked the most. For the most part, it was kind of nasty most times, so I neglected that part of my duties as much as I could.

I was shocked to discover that they had waist high holes cut in the walls in each booth, which I later learned were gloryholes, that were used for anonymous man on man sex. Women rarely ever came in the shop unescorted and if they did, they rarely or never went to the arcades. I thought it was disgusting and couldn't imagine having sex with a man, much less a stranger through a hole in the wall, but I brushed it off as I liked the job. It was gross cleaning up back there cause there was cum on the floor, cum on the walls and nasty tissue paper all over the place. Several times I found underwear, condoms and bottles of lubricant. So fucking gross huh? Still, I liked the job as I was left alone during my shifts.

The owners were two gay guys, Frank and Danny. They say opposites attract. Well, they were the perfect example of that. Apparently they owned several adult book stores in the Houston area, where I lived, and I worked at this location. I knew from their conversations when they were in the shop, that they lived together and in fact were lovers. I guess I didn't really care, whatever floats your boat.

Frank didn't seem like what I pictured as gay guy, in fact he was kind of manly, just a regular guy. Had I not known better, I never would of guessed he was gay. I learned he was an ex marine, looked about 6' 2"s tall and was in really good shape. I know he lifted weights regularly from hearing him talk about his daily visits to the gym. Frank had a pretty gruff, bossy personality. He had a few military tattoos on his arms, short cropped hair and a "no nonsense attitude" when it came to work. Frank always seemed to be getting on my ass to do more work, especially cleaning the video booths and was always mad at me for slacking off. He was a real focused disciplinarian and with an irritated smile, would always threaten me with a spanking if I didn't straighten up. When he did, Danny would just giggle with his "sissy giggle voice" and tell me that Frank was just kidding, but I might like it, then laugh. Then he would tell me that I'm just so cute and so precious that Frank couldn't help himself. Yea, whatever. 

Danny on the other hand, oh my God, his limp wrist and feminine personality was the perfect stereotype of gay guy to me. While he was the less openly aggressive of the two in comments and flirting, he actually came off to me as a wolf in sheep's clothing. I would catch him staring at me all the time, or more specifically staring at my ass all the time. When he was in the shop he would flit about like a queen bee, straightening this, cleaning that, whatever. It was obvious to me that he was "the catcher" in their relationship. He was less than 6' tall, slim, had long hair and was pretty effeminate. He just had these womanly tendencies that really irked me, but unlike Frank, he was really nice and always seemed understanding and compassionate when Frank would bitch me out for doing a half ass job. His personality reminded me of my mother's, when my dad would grind on me for being lazy.

Myself, like I told you earlier, I was 19 at the time. I was about 5' 8"s tall, lean and not athletic at all, blondish hair on the long side and just had a "non motivated don't give a shit attitude."

I still lived with my folks, doing as little as possible around the house as I could get away with. I had finished high school but had no plans on college, and was constantly barraged by my father to move out of the house, while my mom on the other hand, sweetly protected my staying there til I was ready to leave.

After about 3 months at the arcade, one of the employees quit and they hired this new guy. Tommy seemed okay, he was pretty good sized, tall, but not muscular, a little on the heavy side and kind of slovenly. He was older than me, and Danny thought it would be a great idea if I trained him. So Tommy was gonna work with me for a week or two until he knew enough to work his own shift. Now if I thought I was lazy, Tommy took the cake, he didn't do a thing while he was there and paid little attention to anything I tried to teach him. I didn't think he would last long.

A few days after he started, a customer brought up a $40 leather bondage kit and I ran over to ring him up. To my surprise, Tommy jumped in front of me and waited on him. Instead of ringing it up on the register, like we were supposed to do, which would have included sales tax. He just told the customer it was $40, collected 2 twenties from him and put the money in his pocket when the customer left. 

I asked him what he was doing and he said not to worry. He said those 2 queers were loaded and wouldn't miss the money at all. I watched Tommy pocket $210 that day, and yes, I counted in my head exactly how much he stole. At the end of the night, Tommy handed me $105 and said that was my share. I should have refused it, I should have told Frank or Danny, but I didn't. Instead, I pocketed the money and didn't even really feel bad about doing it. Over the next few days, this became the routine. I watched Tommy repeat this process to the tune of about $200 to $300 a day, and he always gave me half of it. 

A few days later, Tommy was in the restroom and I was at the register when a customer came to pay for some items using cash, not a credit card. I saw Tommy come into the room and he was watching the transaction. I felt like he was waiting for me to pocket the money, so me and him could split it up later, and I didn't disappoint. I gave the guy a cash price, collected the money, told him thank you and when he left, I put it in our little pile of money to split at the end of our shift. Tommy just smiled and at that moment, I felt like we were partners and friends.

After 2 weeks, Tommy got moved to the night shift and started working by himself. Our shifts occasionally overlapped a little as he would replace my afternoon shift with his night shift. A few days later he asked how I had been doing on the register by myself and I told him I was taking about $100 a day. He said to keep it around $100 a day and that he would too, smiling and saying that we don't want to take too much from the queers or it will get noticed. 

Tommy and I became friends and hung out together when we were both off. He lived at his mother's house, downstairs in the basement. I would go over there and play video games with him and we would drink beer, as he was old enough to buy it. I always had money in my pocket now, as I was stealing more than I was getting paid and combined together, I was riding high.

One day Tommy told me that Danny and Frank asked him to come over to their house and help move some furniture. He told me that I wouldn't believe their house, that those two queers are loaded. Tommy said there were cases and cases of store stock in boxes in their garage, it was like their warehouse. Then he told me that he stole a garage door remote control off the counter when he left and showed it to me.

I asked what he had planned and he just laughed and said he was gonna steal some of that stuff and cut out the middle man. I just stared at him blankly when he asked if we were partners. I told him yes and he told me he would tell me when we would hit their house.

Tommy came to work the next day and said that Danny was all excited about a big party that him and Frank were going to that Saturday night at 7:00PM. I was working til 3:00PM Saturday and Tommy was scheduled off that Saturday night on the late shift. Tommy told me that we were gonna do this Saturday about 8:00PM.

Saturday came and I went over to Tommy's when I got off work. He told me to wear a dark hoodie and to be back at his house at 6:30PM that night. I was scared, but all I could think about was all the money we were gonna make, so I showed up at 6:30PM on the dot. We got in Tommy's car and drove over to Frank and Danny's house. We parked down the street where we could watch the house. 

At 7:20PM, Frank and Danny pulled out of their driveway and drove off. Tommy and me jumped out of his little Toyota beater and walked a few houses down til we were standing in front of their closed garage door. Tommy pressed the garage opener and like magic, the door opened for us. I followed Tommy inside as he shut the garage door behind us.

The first thing I noticed was that their garage was immaculately clean. Then I saw all the huge cardboard boxes stacked up so neatly against the wall on one side of the garage. As it started to sink in what I was about to do, I was getting really scared and nervous. Then it dawned on me.

"Tommy, how are we gonna get these big boxes in your little car?" I asked.

"Change of plans buddy, fuck those sex toys, they would be too hard to sell anyway, lets get inside, I know where all their jewelry and their petty cash box is." Tommy replied.

Tommy turned the door handle on the inside wooden garage door to enter the house, but it was locked. There was a small doggie door with a flap centered in the bottom of the door. Tommy got down on the garage floor and pushed the flap open, looking into the house. Then he laid on his back and tried to reach up and unlock the door on the inside, but apparently he couldn't reach it.

He stood up and looked at me and said, "I can't reach the lock. You gotta crawl through there and unlock it, I would do it, but I'm too big, but you should fit."

I don't know what I was thinking, I was caught up in the moment and this was getting out of hand. Still, I found myself getting down on my hands and knees and poking my head through the doggie door. Maybe I could squeeze through, so I laid on my stomach and tried. 

Crawling forward on my stomach, I put both my arms out like I was in a diving position and started wriggling through, arms first. It was a tight fit, really tight, but after squirming a lot, I finally got halfway through. Now with my head, upper torso and chest through the doggie door, I just needed to get my waist, hips and legs through. It was incredibly tight, not an inch to spare and I was making some progress squirming through, when I heard the garage door opening and Tommy started kicking me.

"Dude, get out, run, they're here, they're back, get out, run, I'm gone!" Tommy screamed at me as he apparently ran off leaving me there stuck in the doggie door.

In a panic, I squirmed, I twisted, I wriggled to escape, but before I had made any progress in retreating from the doggie door, I felt a strong hand pressing into my back stopping any more movement from me. I knew it was Frank, even before he spoke, I knew it was Frank's strong hand on my back.

"Well, what do we have here?" Frank taunted me, or at least the back of me, as the front half of my body and face was still stuck on the inside of the closed door. "A rat thief caught in a trap."

I heard Danny unlocking the door to the house and as Frank pulled my legs, leveraging my weight, they swung the door open. They drug me across the floor, still temporarily stuck halfway through the doggie door me into clear sight of both of them in the garage. Danny pressed the button mounted on the wall and closed the overhead garage door, locking all three of us in the garage with me still stuck halfway in and out the doggie door.

"Marky, Marky, Marky, Marky, Mark. I can't believe you would do this to us, and to think how sweet I was to you. You were gonna rob us and now your sweet little ass is stuck in my doggie door. This is just both hysterically comical and oh so very, very sad." Danny said in his most taunting flaming sissy voice ever.

"I told you they were stealing, I told you, I told you over and over, you just wouldn't believe it would you? Mark, we know you and Tommy have been clipping the register for a while now. Did you really think we wouldn't notice the drop in sales?" Frank hollered at me. "I have a pretty good idea that your friend that ran off and left you stuck in here by yourself, was that fat ass Tommy, who I will deal with later."

I was so scared that I was trembling, shaking actually. I couldn't hold back the tears anymore, I started blubbering and pleading for them to let me go and begging that I would never do it again.

"Please," I begged, "Let me go, please, I'll never do this again, I'll give back every penny I ever took. Please, I'm begging you, let me go."

"Call the police, this little fucker is going to jail, call the police right now." Frank told Danny.

I was so scared, I didn't want to go to jail and that wasn't the worst of it. I knew my Dad would kick my ass and throw me out of the house when he found out. 

"Please, I'll do anything you want, anything, please don't call the police." I begged.

After what seemed like an eternity, Danny in a questioning surprised tone, finally said, "Anything?"

I knew exactly what "anything" implied when I said it. I knew what I said and I knew what I was offering. Both of these guys had made passes at me and I would do anything to get out of this mess. I thought it might be my only way out and "anything" was better than going to jail and then facing my parents.

"Well, well, well, we might be able to come to an understanding sweet cheeks. Frank has been promising me something for a long time, but I don't think he is ever gonna give it up. So you might be the solution. What do you think Frank?" Danny asked.

"Mark, while I'm a total top, Danny is versatile, he likes to bottom and top, but I don't want to be a bottom. So this is how this is gonna work, you're gonna be the bottom for Danny, ooooh yea, and for me too. Deal?" Frank asked me.

I just nodded, I knew I had no other options. 

Danny squealed like a little girl. "Oh my God, we are gonna have so much fun together. This Queen is gonna get her own personal bottom bitch to fuck. I love it. I'm gonna pop your cherry ass so good that you're gonna follow me around like a puppy dog for the rest of your life."

"Get my phone out of the car and get your phone too. We're not moving him one inch. He's gonna take his medicine right here on his knees, stuck in the doggie door. I want to record this from both sides of the door." Frank told Danny.

Danny squealed again in that high pitch falsetto voice that only he has and scurried off the get the phones. In the meantime, Frank started pulling my jogging pants and underwear off. I offered as little resistance as I could in a last ditch effort to stop this, but Frank quickly pulled them all the way off. Then while he held me there with on hand on my back, he swatted my exposed ass cheeks ten or fifteen times really hard. I yelped and screamed but stopped resisting and just whimpered after a few very hard swats. 

"Danny, get me a new set of ankle spreaders, a new unopened bottles of poppers, some handcuffs, some lube, and a paddle out of the boxes." Frank instructed his lover as he held me in place.

After Danny had given Frank everything he requested, Frank started forcing me into a kneeling position, while I was still stuck in the doggie door. Pushing my legs here, spreading my knees there, pushing and pulling down on my back, making adjustments in my height. The top of the doggie door was maybe only two feet high, so it was a struggle to get me buns up kneeling as my lower back couldn't elevate. Frank didn't seem sympathetic at all, he just kept spreading my knees and then pushing them completely all the way forward til they actually both touched the frame of the door. 

My lower back was pressed so tight against the inside top of the plastic doggie door frame that it was painful, but my ass was sticking straight up in the air now. My knees were spread so far that they were aching, while my face was lying sideways on the concrete floor on the other side of the door. Frank kept pushing my knees and ankles apart, farther and farther til I couldn't go another inch, then he locked the spreader bar to my ankles ensuring I couldn't close access to my ass.

Danny on the other side cuffed my hands behind my back and I lost all leverage without them to balance myself. Danny knelt on the floor next to my face and lifted my head off the concrete by my chin and just looked at me and smiled with his silly gay smile. The most he could raise my face up was maybe a foot off the floor.

Now, if I thought the swats with his hand hurt, they were nothing. The first swat with the paddle was like a jolt of electricity, it caught me completely off guard and stung like a 100 bees had bitten my ass at once. My face contorted and I shrieked like a man possessed. I couldn't catch my breath until the third or fourth rapid fire swats, and Danny, well he just stared into my eyes and giggled again. I screamed and howled as swat after swat landed on my butt cheeks. With the ankle spreader firmly in place and my knees splayed as far as they could, I was in such a vulnerable position for whatever abuse Frank had planned for my ass.

"Marky, my little sweetie pie, remember all those times that Frank joked about spanking you for goofing off at work, well, he wasn't totally joking, he has a huge fetish for bondage and especially spanking. He loves to see a red sore ass before he fucks it, but don't you worry your pretty little head Princess, you may grow to like it as I did." Danny said in an almost encouraging tone as Frank continued to swat my ass with the paddle.

The paddling continued as my screaming continued. I convulsed, I shook, I strained my body to escape, but all to no avail. They had me wedged in the doggie door so tight that all I could do was take it. I whined, I begged them to stop, I moaned and eventually I bawled like a spoiled child getting a whipping. Frank was relentless, he must have given me 10 or 15 swats with the paddle by now as I flinched and bawled like a baby. 

Danny shoved a bottle of poppers under my nose and told me to inhale. I knew what they were, I hold sold hundreds of bottles of these to their customers and even tried some once, but they made me so dizzy that I had to sit down. With my hands cuffed behind my back, I had little choice but to inhale them, so I did, and I could feel a warm flush immediately come over me. It didn't make the spanking enjoyable at all, but it did make me dizzy and seemed to heighten and dull my senses all at the same time. Still the spankings and my sobbing continued as I had no control over either.
