 Hey y'all!

Here are two fun chapters that I've written to add on to the story. Doesn't move the plot too much, but it was exciting for me to write each bits of it.

Don't forget to vote and comment! I am always waiting for someone to write constructive comments so I could improve the story!

Thank you so much!

*****

Chapter 2.7 The Recovery

I still had trouble walking around on my own, but this stranger, Nate, he even took his time off to take good care of me. He made meals for me, cuddle me to sleep, and even take a shower with me. He must be in a deep, loving relationship with me prior what had happened.

I still don't get it though.

"Someone wanted you dead, Tim. And I'm going to find out who did it," he hammered his fist on the table. The salt and pepper shakers jumped in fear.

I reached to straighten the shakers, "Why would anyone want me dead? What did I do before? Was I a bad businessman before? Or a corrupted accountant?"

Nate would stop talking every time I questioned my occupation. I could still detect that he's been lying a lot to me since my release from the hospital. And this Damon, if he's my brother, why hasn't he visited me?

I wheeled myself into the bedroom to fold Nate's laundry while he cooked dinner. He was whistling, but I couldn't figure what song it was. I straightened the bedsheets when I finished folding and placed everything neatly in the closet.

I looked out the room, to make sure Nate wasn't around. He'll be really mad if I try this again.

I used all my strength to push myself off the wheelchair and leaned against the mattress. My forearms were in massive pain with all the cuts and bruises, but it didn't matter. I wanted to walk again. My legs were numb by this point as I straightened them to the floor. Balancing myself was as hard as balancing an egg on top of my head.

Finally, with a lot of confidence, I pushed myself away from the bed frame. I looked forward to see that Nate had just set our dining table, and when he turned around, his happy face transformed into a frightened one. I smiled at him because I stood for a second or two, and then fell to the mirrored closet doors. Nate threw his spatula at the table and rushed in to help me up.

"What the fuck do you think you're doing? You really want to break another bone, don't you?"

I waved him off, laughing.

"You think this is funny, Tim?" he stared into my eyes with pure anger.

I bit my bottom lip, a bit upset because he's upset.

He saw the fear in my eyes, but he kept his eye contact with me.

"Sorry," I whispered, barely audible. I looked away from him, and soullessly fixed my eyes on the wheelchair.

He set me back on the wheelchair and kneeled before me, holding my hands.

"Tim Tim," he kissed my hand, "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to be rude."

I shook my head, trying to keep my tears from falling.

"Tim," he gently held on to my chin. And he leaned in closer, and closer. Our nose touched. Our eyes barely opened. I took a deep breath in, sucking all his sexy body odor as he covered my mouth with his.

I swallowed hard as he passionately pressed his lips against mine. His hands grabbed the side of the wheelchair, and I wrapped my arms around his neck, pulling him even closer to me.

It ripped my heart when I had to stop and rest, but I kept him only an inch away from my lips.

"Nate, how long have you not made love to me?"

"Four months."

"Do you mind making love to me tonight?"

"I'm afraid so."

I hesitated, not expecting the answer he has given.

"I don't want to hurt you. You're still recovering."

"I wasn't expecting you liking rough sex, Nate," I laughed.

"No... no, Tim. You. Liked rough sex."

"Oh." I was surprised. He chuckled at my innocence.

"I'll consider your suggestion, but right now, you have to eat."

He wheeled me out right in front of my food and he took a seat next to me.

Baked salmon with mashed potatoes with homemade gravy. He watched me as I picked up my fork and took a piece of the fish into my mouth. Mmmm. Delicious.

"I'm glad you liked it. You taught me how to make this, Tim Tim."

"I did? So I'm a great cook?"

"Yes you are," he began to dig in.

He was about to start a conversation when the doorbell rang.

"I'll get it," Nate stood up, wiped his mouth, and walked to the door.

I turned to see him a little nervous. He looked at me with a grim face, and sighed before opening the door.

The man outside nodded at Nate, and Nate silently invited him in.

"Tim," he looked at me, and then the stranger, "this is your brother... Damon."

The man looked nothing similar to me, and the atmosphere darkened the moment he stepped into the house. This man is not a good man.

"Tim," this brother of mine greeted me. I looked to Nate with concern, but he nodded again.

"Hi," I greeted.

"How... how's your health? Are you feeling better?"

"I'm good. Nate's been taking great care of me. Not to worry."

Damon made a face, and faced Nate again, "I'm sure mother did it. I'm very sure of it. That bitch!"

He turned to me again, but directed his words to Nate, "Mother is on vacation with Kenneth. She knows Tim's still alive. This is the best time to move on. Nate, you have to leave with him."

I was confused as hell, but Nate understood every word.

Damon dragged my wheelchair forcefully to face him, which I almost prompted myself to slap him across his face. But this time, when I finally got to see clearly of his face, I gasped. His left cheek was red and layered, as if someone had took an ignited propane gas and sprayed him with it.

"What... what... ha... happened?" I was on the verge of crying, "Who did this to you?" Wait. How did I know it wasn't an accident? I shook my head to clear my thoughts.

Damon held my hands in his, but he didn't say a word.

"Nate, I want you to explain to me... now! Please... I beg you."

Damon promptly shook his head, "Tim, all you need to know now is that someone is after you. And you need to leave now, with Nate."

"No, Nate, tell me now. Who is this person? Who am I? Was I a spy? Is that why someone wants to kill me?"

"Tim!" Damon shook me violently; I froze in terror and stress.

"Tim, when you remember everything, I don't want you to come find me, because I'll be out of here as well, if I'm lucky. I'm..." he paused, and then suddenly teared up, "I want you to know... I'm sorry for what I have done to you. I love you, and I always will love you. I..."

Nate held a box of tissues next to him; he was crying silently too. I ran my finger down Damon's burnt cheek, feeling every ridge and bumps on his face. I died a little bit when he looked right at me again. His face was gorgeous, even with the injury.

"I will miss you. Damon."

It took him a second to knit his brows together, and then figured me out.

"Wait." Damon took a glance at Nate, and then at me.

"Damon, I... I don't remember everything. But I... remember our story. I think I forgave you already, didn't I?"

He was more than thrilled to hear me saying this, "Your memories are coming back." He stopped abrupt, and grabbed Nate's shoulder, "Take him far far away before all his memories return. He'll go slaughter mother if he does remember everything."

Damon panicked and pushed Nate towards our room, but I knew we needed to calm down more than anything else right now.

"Nate! It's too late," I lied, "I already remember everything."

Chapter 2.8 The Heat

Damon hurried away when he got a phone call from one of his friends, "You have to get out of here before this weekend, when mother returns."

His eyes seeped with sorrow and concern when he took his final glimpse at me.

"You lied." Nate said to me once he closed the door.

"No. I didn't lie. I... I was a killer, an assassin. And... I failed a mission. The boss wants to kill me now. Right?"

"You little fucker."

His wicked grin made me felt uneasy, until he picked me up bridal style off my wheelchair and took me to our room.

"You always refer to your "boss" as mother, Tim."

"So my boss is a she?"

He chuckled, "Yes..." He closed the door and took off his tank top. His two nipples were hard and ready to be sucked.

I wished I could take off my jeans by myself. I would have done a show for him, but instead, he gently lifted my ass and slipped my jeans off. It was equally hot to see him licking his lips when he saw my boner through my tight boxers.

"I haven't fooled with you for fuckin' four months. You'll have a bottle of cum to fill your ass tonight."

I widened my eyes at his dirty words and nibbled on his neck playfully when he climbed on top of me.

"So are we leaving?" He positioned my legs to make me feel more comfy.

"Maybe tomorrow night, when I get all the cash out of my account." I buried my nose into his neck.

I panted when he humped me suddenly.

"When are we..." I couldn't finish because Nate devoured me. He pressed on all my sensitive spot, which made me moan and squirm uncontrollably.

"Just enjoy this, okay?"

I pursed my lips and nodded with puppy eyes.

He kissed my jawline, from my ear down to my chin. I closed my eyes to feel the love and energy with my senses. It was overwhelming. He combed my hair to the side and licked my nipple as I grabbed on his strong bicep.

Fuck. This is too much.

My cock is leaking like a fucking hose. Maybe due to the unresponsiveness of my lower body, all the sensations gathered into one point: my balls. They became soft and ridiculously sensitive when Nate popped them in his mouth, one at a time. My toes tingled. My dick shot up, accidentally staining his nose with pre-cum.

"Shit," I blurred out, flinching to the tingling feel.

He laughed like he was out of control, "It's really desperate to get sucked on."

I gulped when his lustful eyes burned my eyes. He carefully and softly pinched the base of my dick, stroke it, up, down, up down, and his mouth enveloped my purple mushroom head.

I involuntarily moaned. It was so natural for me to moan when Nate is making love to me.

"Suck me, Nate. Suck me until I cum," I directed my words to the ceiling.

The vacuum increased, and my head spun in pleasure and dizziness. I patted his hair while rubbing my nervous stomach as we sweat out a waterfall.

"Nate... Ahhhh...," I panted furiously, "I'm gonna... ahhh... cum. Cum."

But he kept going, and going.

Fuck! I'm gonna explode in his mouth! Shit!

I managed to arch my back, which slid my cock all the way down to his throat and shot my white ropes of semen. He held his breathe as he swallowed every single drop of it. He even licked the underside of my penis to make sure he completely swallowed it all. My foreskin was still rolled down as he slides his body back on top of me.

His lips were covered in semen as he licked it off, obviously showing off how delicious it tasted.

"Fuck, Nate."

"Yeah, fuck. It's my turn to fuck you."

He massaged my thighs before throwing them over his broad shoulders. My asshole contracted when a cold wind rushed into my colon.

"Are you ready, Tim? Are you ready to be filled?"

I shook my head playfully, and then nodded.

He took out the bottle of lube he hid at the end of the mattress and squeezed spunk-like lube onto his thick, fat cock.

"Tim, seriously though, if it hurts you too much tell me. I'll stop."

"I'll tell you to stop when you're about to shoot, how 'bout that?"

"You little fucker." He bitch-slapped my ass.

I had to bite on my lips again as he pushed the dragon into the cave.

Uh, uh, uh, uh... He slid in and out slowly as I moaned like I was suffocating.

He caressed my bubble butt as he pushed and pulled. Each time he pulled out, it was as if I was on the end of a lifeline. Don't stop, Nate. Fuck me hard and fast!

His head was tilted upwards, and his mouth opened with no words coming out as he pumped his hose.

"I'm gonna cum. Fuck. I'm gonna cum. Embrace yourself Tim Tim."

"Shoot it! Spray me! Fill me with your fuckin' sticky cum!"

He stopped pumping at the last moment, frozen with the orgasmic rush to his head. That second seemed to drag itself for too long. At last, his cock cannon ignited my guts with white ropes of confetti. I thought for a moment that I was shot in the heart from the inside. Wait, I was actually shot from the inside.

Nate was still shaking like he was high. The stars above my head came crashing down like meteors. He held on to my knees until he could finally control his body again.

"Fuck. You're too awesome."

"So is the old Tim better or am I better?"

"Of course you! Fuckin' Tim, I like that I can control more of you now." He laughed wickedly.

"I'll keep in mind of that when I recover all my memories."

"You bet."

Oh Nate. Your cum must be really a thing for the old me. When you shot your load deep in my bowels, I have recovered another set of memories...

...all the stories between you and I.