 I woke to the quiet whir of moving air. Lying with my head on my pillow, I listened to my breathing. Or was it mine?

The sound of scraping metal caused my eyes to open. It was very dark. I turned my head lightly and saw a dim light reflecting off the bars. Just past the light, I thought I detected a shape. It was the guard; he had stopped at my cell. I could hear the soft jangling of keys.

He stepped silently into my cell, the light causing shadows on his body. I watched while he quietly unzipped his trousers. I sat up in my bed while he pulled his heavy, dark cock from his fly. I licked my lips when he stepped towards me.

Sitting up in the bed, I felt my own hard penis slip through the opening in my shorts. The guard by this time was standing in front of me, his hard cock only inches from my face. 

Slowly I leaned forward and began to blow on the tip. Like a lizard's tongue, my tongue leapt from my lips and licked the head. I heard a deep moan coming from him. As I leaned forward I sucked the head through my lips, inhaling the length of his shaft. It was huge and filled the cavity of my mouth. As I pressed forward the head pushed against the back of my throat. Even when I pushed as far as I could, with my lips puckered, I could barely feel the hair around the base of his huge cock. It was wiry when it brushed against my nose.

I slowly began rocking my shoulders so my mouth moved up and down on his cock. I pulled back until I could surround the huge head with my lips while my tongue licked the wet slit. Then forward again until I felt him once again pressing down the back of my throat. Back and forward I rocked feeling his engorged member like a throbbing piston.

Then he leaned over at his waist and I felt his hand reach downward to grab my cock. My hard pole tingled at his touch. Withdrawing his cock from my mouth, he pushed me backward onto the bed as he went to his knees. His hand gripped both sides of the opening on my boxers as he tore the fabric open, exposing my cock and balls. 

I was leaning back across my bed with my back pushed against the cell wall. I watched while his face lowered towards my erect penis. His breathing increased as his lips embraced the tender head of my cock. I felt his warm, wet mouth press down on my pulsating pole. 

From my mouth I gave a whimpered cry. I had never felt anything so good on my body. I was receiving my first blow job in prison from my guard. My fingers wrapped in his hair while his head moved slowly up and down on my hard prick. I closed my eyes and let the pleasure of his touch fill my body.

Shortly he again leaned back and then he stood. There in my darkened cell he quietly removed his clothes. I watched when he unbuttoned his shirt and let it fall from his shoulders. Next he leaned forward to remove his shoes and socks, followed by his trousers. He laid them silently on the floor before letting his underwear drop.

While I lay watching his slow strip, my hand rubbed my engorged prick. This guard was new to my prison wing. I had noticed his handsome, Hispanic face, dark eyes and hair, but had never imagined this encounter.

He leaned over me and with his hands signaled that I was to move my body lengthwise along the bed. As I changed positions he raised his left leg to climb on the bed on top of me. I felt his hands slip under my armpits when he lowered his torso down on top of my body. 

His face came down towards me and our lips meet. At first they brushed, like two animals sniffing out each other. Then he pressed his mouth down on mine and our kisses became feverish. My hands went around his back as I clawed at his skin. We tried to suppress our breathing should the sound of our passion escape the confines of my cell. I moaned softly only to hear his in reply. Our tongues thrust through our lips and filled each other's mouths. His hips began grinding into mine while our legs writhed on the bed.

Suddenly he leaned back and pushed himself upward while straddling me. He took his fingers to his mouth and spit, then lowered them to spread his spittle over the head of my cock. I watched him move forward still straddling my body. He next reached back to spread his ass cheeks and move down onto me.

I had never fucked a man before so had no idea what to expect as he lowered his ass hole onto my hard cock. At first he was slow, but then he grimaced and sat down hard on my cock. I heard him grunt while feeling the warm insides of him envelope my prick. I was surprised how good it felt.

His tight hole squeezed against my penis now buried deep within his heat. Then his body relaxed and he became looser. Pulling my knees upward I began moving by instinct. I pitched my hips forward to feel my cock go deeper inside his wet ass hole. He leaned forward with each of my thrusts and moaned. His hand went around his cock as his enclosed hand began copying the movement of my hips on his pole. 

We continued like that for 10 minutes or more. Our breathing became louder and I heard quiet whispers through his breath, "Oh, fuck me; fuck me." I replied with "Yes baby, oh yes." We continued to rise and fall on my bed.

I felt my balls tighten and I whispered, "Its coming, I'm going to cum inside of you." He encouraged me with "Yes please, yes." His own stroking grew quicker as I increased my thrusts. Harder and harder I pounded his loosening hole with my cock. I felt the tightness in my loins increase. I held back as well as I could to prolong the bliss I was having. 

Sweat dripped off his body mingling with my own. The bed sheets beneath me grow damp. I pounded harder and just as I knew I could delay my ejaculation no longer I felt hot streams of his cum hitting my chest. "Oh god, I'm cuming," he moaned softly. 

"Agh," I breathed, as my own stream shot through my prick and into him. Thrusting again and again I pushed loads of cum up his warm ass. 

Then, as though prearranged, we both froze. I looked through the dim light to notice his closed eyes, their dark lashes down over his lids. He leaned forward moving his body down on mine. At first I pushed upward not wanting to depart his hole. Eventually, though, I heard a slight swoosh of air as my cock popped free from him.

He was on top of me kissing my face. "Oh baby," he muttered, "that was so good. I've wanted you since I was assigned to this floor. You're so gorgeous." I couldn't believe what my ears were hearing. My heart beat stronger as I kissed him back. 

"I want you," I said. "I want you every night." 

We lay in my bed caressing and kissing over and over. I moved to a position on top of him so that I could kiss his chest and nipples. 

Afterward, when he had dressed, I stood naked in the cell and we kissed for one last time that night. As he slipped quietly through the door locking it from the outside, we stood together and both knew that this prison experience had its advantages. 

He entered my cell every night that week. Each night our passion reached its peak before we tumbled exhausted into buckets of cum and sweat. His name was Rene and he opened the doors of passion and feeling that had been closed within me. I was in heaven for the first time. And then I never saw him again.

There were rumors among the prisoners whenever a guard was changed; obscene rumors about this man that I knew it were untrue. Still my heart, and cock, ached for him.

Night after night I listened for a familiar step that didn't come. Then one night I heard the soft jingle of keys at my cell. I rolled over naked in bed to show my ass in the moonlight coming through the tiny window. A shadow showed against the bars as I held my breath in anticipation. 

"Save it for the girls, sweetheart," I heard an ugly, snarling voice from the corridor. Instead of the well-built frame of Rene I saw a new guard, squatty with a large belly. "Your boyfriend's been fired, sweetie," he said. "Caught diddling with the help, so to speak," he muttered, followed by an ugly laugh. The voice lowered as I heard the unzipping of his trousers. He pulled out his ugly cock, dangling it through the bars. "Now you get over here like a good little girl and take care of your new buddy, or you'll live to regret it." 

I don't like remembering the rest.

One year in prison for a first time, unprovoked assault charge was no picnic; day after long day passed in tedious boredom and mundane labor. After three months my wife's attorney arrived bearing divorce papers which I promptly signed. My parents visited once. It was a miserable hour during which my mother soaked every available cloth with her tears. My son didn't come, but did send cards on my birthday, father's day and Christmas. In each he scribbled a brief message about his activities, but nothing about me. It was as though I had disappeared.

Compared to Rene, the available sex was nothing of interest. The ugly guard continued to insist on a weekly blow job, until he too appeared no longer. After that no guard expressed interest. Sex consisted of a quick occasional fuck in the showers by inmates I'd rather forget. Once in the kitchen store room another inmate and I sucked each other off. It was quick and desperate. That's how I felt, desperate. I even got a note from the young Priest, expressing how God forgives our sins and asking me to call on him when I got out. That would never happen.

Finally I was released to return to Central Texas. As an ex-convict, everything had changed. My old job wouldn't return my calls. I contacted a few old friends and had to tolerate their awkward friendliness. Even my son, now away at college, wanted nothing to do with me.

I found a small apartment and a used car. Eventually I took a job with a warehouse as a receiving clerk. I had no desire for an evening out except an occasional beer in a local tavern. 

But eventually, in time, I began to accept my gayness, and even after some time explored the local gay scene. The crowd was mostly college aged and seemed frivolous. The older men just seemed sad and forced. Or perhaps it was me, I wasn't sure. 

At night as I lay in bed stroking my cock I remembered the smell and taste of Rene. The thought of our blended sweat and juices continued with me. I could close my eyes and taste his lips just as I came. 

I didn't know how to find him. I hadn't even gotten his last name before he was taken away. But his memory never left me.

However, life still had surprises and I got mine one afternoon at work.

I was posting a shipment on my computer when behind me I heard, "Don't I know you?"

I turned and blinked twice at what I was sure was a mistaken identity. His hair was longer, there was a moustache that wasn't there before, perhaps he was heavier, but the bright smile of white teeth against his olive skin was the same. And so were his eyes.

"Rene?" I asked. At first we just stared. Then I rose while he stepped toward me. We shook hands then stood together facing each other forgetting where we were. "This is strange," he said, "I didn't expect to ever see someone from that place again."

"Rene, I can't believe it, it's you," I heard myself say. 

We stood awkwardly reminiscing. After losing the prison job Rene had gone to school for truck driving. Today was only the second time he'd delivered to my warehouse. In the brief minutes we had we both talked excitedly, attempting to catch up with our lives. 

He had another delivery to make, so our time together was short. But it was long enough for me to scribble my address for him. He promised to stop by some evening. My heart skipped from excitement. 

I left for home filled with elation. I ate dinner quickly and washed and dressed. I undressed, and dressed again. Time drug while I waited praying for his arrival. Feeling tired, I reclined on the couch to await a knock on the door. 

Then it came, the soft knock on my door. My heart pounded as I opened it slowly, peering out afraid it wouldn't be Rene. But it was. He came in and we just stood for a minute, grinning and staring into each other's eyes before we lunged.

Our lips smashed against each other's. I felt his hands clutching my back, then my ass. I grasped him in my arms and we rocked about the room as we kissed. Our mouths pressed together, then we kissed frantically over each other's faces and necks. 

I pulled his t-shirt from him as he unbuttoned my shirt. Half-naked we stumbled towards the bedroom kicking our shoes off in the process. Beside the bed we unbuckled each other's belts with excited fingers, before ripping down the zippers and jerking down our trousers. In our underwear we pressed our lips together again, biting as we ground our pelvises into each other. It was brutal sex.

I felt his cock pressing through his boxers. I was wearing jockey shorts and my own hard dick was standing straight up while I rubbed it against his crotch.

We paused to look at each other's bodies, taking in the sight we had been denied in prison. I jerked down his boxers which he quickly kicked to one side. He lowered himself to his knees and quickly pulled down my jockeys. He pressed his face against my cock and rubbed it back and forth.

I took his shoulders and lifted him up and towards the bed. He fell back with me on top of him. Our tongues slid into each other's mouths and then across our faces. I slid down his body licking first his neck, his shoulder bones, before settling on his chest and nipples. Biting his nipples gently then firmly, I heard him moan. I sucked hard and they stiffened beneath my tongue. Going lower still, I paused at his navel and licked down into the crevasse. 

He tasted so good. I felt his fingers grab my hair and hold on tight while I licked down his stomach. I munched at his pubic hair with my teeth, as though a special salad had been prepared for only me.

Finally I arrived at his swollen cock. I licked it first, from the base to the tip. Already drops of pre cum were on the slit of his swollen head. I licked and then swallowed the hard member, pressing down until I felt his head at the back of my throat. Suppressing a gag I lunged down and felt it forced down into my throat. My teeth went around his hard base, and I bit lightly down. 

His moans filled the room when I pulled up from his cock and began devouring his balls. First I licked them, then gently took each one into my mouth and sucked. I sucked his balls while my finger tracked a path between his butt cheeks down to his hole. Slipping a finger inside of him I moved it around in the dampness while I continued to suck his balls.

Then I shifted further down the bed and grabbed each leg with my hands and spread them out and upward. With no fanfare my tongue drove down into his ass hole. The mustiness filled my head while I licked in and around his tight opening. His moaning increased. I glanced upward to see his hands grasp his face. His mouth was open and he was licking his lips with pleasure.

My tongue dove deep within him. The sphincter of his ass tightened around my tongue, and then loosened while I continued my burrowing. I wanted every inch of him.

Abruptly, I sat up and dropped his legs while pivoting on one knee; I straddled his torso with my own ass towards his face. I sat backward spreading my butt cheeks while I descended on his head. I felt his tongue when my own hole lined up with his mouth. 

"Eat me out Rene, each me out baby," I cried while pressing down on his tongue. I felt its probing wetness enter inside of me. Leading forward I took his cock in my mouth and began sucking hard. Sounds of pleasure filled the room, though I couldn't tell which were from my own throat and which were from his.

His tongue began running up and down my ass crack and licking the base of my balls which were by now spread over his face. I clasped his balls with my hands while I sucked more and more on the hard pole. I felt his hand grab my own hard cock and begin to stroke. I lifted my ass while he pulled my prick backward and down into his mouth. We lay there swallowing each other's cocks as our heads lunged forward and back. 

I felt I would cum soon but didn't want to stop. It had been too long since I'd last seen this man. I could tell he was also near as his balls began to tighten. We each sucked harder, tasting the musty flavors of sweat, ass hole and dripping pre cum. I heard his breath quicken and suddenly hot, spicy cum began to fill my mouth. I could hold my own no longer and I felt it erupt into his mouth, accompanied by a muffled scream of pleasure. 

We both came longer and harder than any time before. Neither of us wanted to let go of the other's cock. Finally I felt his hardness leave. 

I pulled upward as he released my own dick. My mouth fell again on his. Our kisses once again devoured each other. I heard him whisper, "Don, I love you." My own pleas of love smothered his. We embraced and kissed until we were exhausted.

Later, lying together in the dark room, he told me that he never wanted to lose me again. I knew that he wouldn't. We would always be there for each other, just the way I had always imagined.