 I'm becoming less busy now, and I am determined to finish this story too! Hope you guys enjoy these additions of the story, this one's longer. Don't forget to vote! Thanks!

*****

Chapter 1.10 Kenneth

"Nice." Damon flattered, fixing the position of the black tactical suit that I was wearing.

The whole outfit felt new to me, but this was how I always wear to do my mission anyways.

"Tell me about the woman again, Damon."

Mother walked into the room, "She is a bitch. That's all you really need to know."

"How's your hip, mother?" I chuckled at the thought of our chicken fight.

"Never been better." She glared at me.

"Her name is Hailey Renee Forbes. Been a slut since 18. When mother personally invited one of our members to Hell, Forbes, being his girlfriend found out," Damon informed me. 

"She escaped before I could send her to chase after her boyfriend," mother continued, "I want her in a million pieces, Timothy. She is planning to escape already, so if you fail to eliminate her..."

"I'll be sacrificed instead of her, I know," I cut mother off.

"Good! You're still as good as before, darling." She patted my shoulder and left the room.

Damon and I watched as she trotted away. We stared at each other and then burst out in laughter. I looked at myself again in the full-body mirror. I liked my look. Black boots, tight black and gray cargo leggings, a black tactical vest over a dry-fit t-shirt of the same color. And my gloves, my fingerless gloves that fitted me so well.

"I look so thin, so ill," I commented.

"I like it," Damon's words slipped. My gentle eyes lifted to meet his. He looked right back at me, but I broke the eye contact.

"So, where's my guns? You don't expect me to kill her with my knife right?"

"Actually...," Damon paused, "You're going to kill her by stabbing her 4 times in the chest, and 8 times in the stomach. No more, no less."

My eyes widened, "You guys..." I don't know why I was surprised.

"You guys killed the other victims."

"Yes," he replied cooly.

"What did they do?! What did the mother of two do that she deserves to be stuffed in a septic tank?!" I was practically yelling at Damon by now.

"She witnessed her husband being killed. Her husband was a traitor to our family."

"So what happened to the kids, huh?! Did mother generously adopted them to our family too?"

"Uncle Damon." 

I quickly turned around.

"Hey little Kenneth!" Damon crouched and opened his arms for a hug.

The little boy walked slowly and dropped himself into Damon.

"Who is this man Uncle Damon? He looks scary." He buried half of his face in Damon's chest, one eye looking up at me.

"That's Uncle Timothy, Kenneth. Why are you here?"

"He was yelling and I couldn't go to sleep."

I kneeled in front of the two with a nice smile and apologized. He finally smiled at me.

"How old are you Kenneth?"

"Seven."

I looked at Damon in terror, and mouthed, "Mother of two?!" I remembered that the two kids were age 5 and 7.

Damon fell on his ass and laughed, but I was still troubled. He finally stopped and shouted, "Of course not!"

Mother was back into the room and she literally danced as she found Kenneth sandwiched between Damon and I.

"Where's Kenneth? Where's my little grandson?" Mother sounded so childish, but at the same time spine-chilling. It's my first time to hear her speak with such care and such genuine.

"Here! Here!" Kenneth jumped with both arms waving in the air.

Kenneth ran into mother's arms as I help Damon get back on his feet.

"Why are you still here, darling? She's leaving at 4." Her sudden change of tone shocked Kenneth and I.

"Grandma, where's Uncle Tim going?"

Mother smooched Kenneth on the cheek, "Uncle Tim is busy. He has to leave now." She directed that at me.

"I'll come back to play with you Kenneth," I nodded at the child.

"Come back soon!" He reminded me.

I pursed my lips, and I nodded.

He'll be my only reason to come back.

Chapter 1.11: The Prostitute

The door of Hailey Forbes' apartment was scribbled with boobs and penises.

"Hot ass!" The bottom corner of the door said, and next to it looked like someone's jizz stain.

I pull on an orange sweater to hide all my killer scent and rang the doorbell.

No one answered.

I rang it again.

Still no one.

I banged on the door, "Hey miss! You still doing business? Heard about you all the way from Canada!"

Someone behind the door unlocked it and Forbes cautiously stuck her head out, obviously relieved that I wasn't mother or anyone she recognized. Her strip of hair dyed red hang down her left eye; she was probably hiding her bruised face.

"Sorry pal, I caught a cold. Don't want to spread disease."

"I insist. I need it now!" Saying that made me felt so uncomfortable. It felt like I was cheating on Nate.

"Sorry dude, I am really sick."

She tried to close the door on me, but I slipped my boot in, and I put on a sorrowful smile.

"I'm sorry," I apologized, and kicked the door wide open. The door smacked against her forehead, knocking her to the carpet. I slammed the door shut and she screamed and crawled away from me on all fours into her room. There was no window, no escape, no one to hear her call for help. I cornered her and her face was washing with tears.

"Please," her pleading all broken and choked, "don't kill me. I don't mean to."

I pulled out my utility knife.

"Please!" She screamed at the sight of my dull weapon. "I'll do anything! You can fuck the hell out of me. Please, don't!"

"Sorry lady."

"No! Don't! Please!"

And I lunged at her.

Her screaming still echoed in my ears. At least she stopped screaming. Her body froze in place, and her eyes were still wide open. I looked right into her fear-soaked eyes.

Mother would not be happy about this.

Chapter 1.12 The Aftermath

Nate whistled as he drove us back home from a wine festival, and of course, I was the only one who wine-tasted. I hope kissing him after I drank won't get him in trouble.

About the public display of affection, I've became more open after what I did a few months back with Hailey Forbes. I might lose Nate anytime now, and if he ever finds out, I would have to break his heart.

"So you like white or red more?" Nate held my hand up to his face and kissed it.

"I like both. White is nice for just celebration. Red is nice with food, and especially with chicken."

"Chicken?" He acted offended, "Shouldn't it be steak?"

"Steak's good too."

He looked at me looking out the window, dreaming.

"The sky's so blue today. No clouds." I brushed my hair aside with my fingers.

Nate saw the pleasure glowing on my face, and then he suddenly cut into the right lane, and turned at the light.

"Where are we going?"

"It's such a nice day, I want to spend more time outdoors. Is that okay for you?"

I nodded.

We slowly paced down the walking path of the giant fountain park, holding hands. We sometimes caught each other staring and we would just giggle. 

The water mist came over us, just like the time when mother and I met a few months back. But this feeling is entirely different. I wasn't on my toes, and I wasn't vulnerable. I was in deep love. I thought to myself, do I deserve this? I've been on the dark side for so many years, and Nate treats me way too well, I definitely do not deserve this kind of treatment. Nate doesn't deserve me!

"What are you thinking about?" Nate shoved me playfully.

"You." I was being brutally honest.

"What about me?" He led us to an empty bench.

"Why?"

"Why what?"

"Those 'why' questions."

"You don't need to ask them," he tenderly pressed my head to his shoulder.

I only let out a sigh and closed my eyes.

The images immediately ran threw my head like a slideshow.

"Please!"

"Sorry lady!"

"Please! Don't kill me! I won't say a word! Tell her! I won't! Please!"

"What did you hear?"

"I heard nothing! Nothing! Really!"

"Last words?" I asked, ready to make my move.

She nodded and shook, truly confused and frightened.

And I lunged at her with my utility knife aimed at her chest. She screamed and then held her breath, her eyes closed.

It was a full minute before she spiritlessly opened her swollen eyes.

A pillow, stabbed between me and her, held in my other hand.

"Listen carefully." I grabbed her bare shoulder. 

"Get out of here as soon as you can after I leave. Do not pack, but wear something so people can't recognize you. Meaning, not slutty."

She couldn't believe she wasn't dead. I mean, I couldn't believe that she wasn't dead.

"Don't," I emphasized, "ever come back."

Mother even praised me as I described how I drew on her pretty face after I stabbed her. I said it would be hard for the cops to know identify her even if they find the body.

"Don't worry mother. They'll never find her body."

When I woke up, the sun was already set. Nate sat quietly, enjoying the kids running around in front of us.

"You like kids, Nate?"

"I do, a lot actually. But I enjoy the time with only the two of us."

"I think you'll be a great..." My phone rang.

"Hello?"

"Uncle Tim."

"Hey, Kenneth. What's up?"

"When are you going to play with me? I miss you."

"I miss you too Kenneth."

"Uncle Damon said that you should come over more often. He misses you too." I almost blushed.

I could hear Damon talking next to Kenneth.

"I'll try my best."

"Maybe tonight?"

"Tonight? I'm busy tonight." I eyed Nate, but he mouthed 'go'. "How about tomorrow night?"

"Okay." Kenneth dragged the word for a few seconds.

"See you tomorrow then!"

"Your little nephew?"

"Yeah. I have plans for tonight."

"Oh, really?" He looked surprised. "And what kind of plans do you have in mind?"

I almost jumped on top of him the moment the door closed. He acted like a wild beast too. First ripping my shirt off, second my belt, third my boxers. 

He was still fully dressed when I was all bare and beautiful to look at. We calmed down just a little before I pulled his tie and he dropped his weight on me. Our mouths almost touched as I teased him a little.

"You look wonderful tonight." Nate caressed my face.

"Stop it," I waved the compliment off playfully.

"You do. For real. When have I ever lied to you?"

I thought for a second, "The time when you said you would wait for me to fuck, but then you jacked yourself off watching porn."

"Oh come on. I was horny as fuck. Do I get a second chance?"

"You get one tonight. I won't ever talk about it again if you fuck me nice and hard tonight."

He didn't waste anytime. He slipped off his jeans, pulled off his shirt and tie in one move, and slammed his hard-on into me. I didn't even have time to scream; he was pumping fast and right to the spot with every thrust.

I yelped when he slapped one of my ass cheeks and thrusted and pumped.

"Yeah? You like it? You like it fast and rough? Fuck..." He started to talk dirty to me.

I moaned.

"Fuck... You're still so tight. Like the first time I flipped you on my bed and..." He grunted.

"You're gonna make me cum, Nate. Mmmmmmmm."

"Fuck! Aw shit. Come all over. Make the bedsheets smell like you. Spray all over the pillow so I smell you until I fall asleep every night."

He grabbed the base of my cock and squeezed while I rubbed my mushroom head off.

"Ahhhhhhh, ahhhhhhhh, Nate, I'm... gonna..."

He let go of the cock. And my long-due cum plunged violently out of my piss hole, across my chest, my shoulder, and landed right into my opened mouth. Naturally, I swallowed it. 

And Nate lost it. His jizz shot out into my bowel like a cannon, making me squeeze out even more cum of my own. Load after load, his spunk clung deep in me.

He was sweating so much his sweat dripped down to the pool of cum on my tummy. And then he lowered his head like a deer and stuck his tongue out to lick my spunk into his mouth. 

Man, he was showing me how much he savors the taste of my jizz. It was hot. He let out a delicious cry before laying on top of me, my cum staining our chests. I wrapped my arms around him, loving his weight on me, his cock still in me.

We fell asleep with the musky scent surrounding us.

Chapter 1.13 The Story

Nate was setting the plates when I saw him in the morning. There was something unusual about him today, though. His cologne? His hair?

"Good morning Captain Young." I went behind and hugged him, my smooth chest rubbing against his muscular back.

He leaned in and kissed my cheek.

"You look a bit... unhappy today? Did I do something wrong?"

He almost dropped the plate he was holding, "No!" He turned to face me and combed my hair with his fingers. "You didn't do anything wrong."

He let out a deep, sorrowful sigh before looking at me right in the eye, "My parents died today 18 years ago."

My heart almost stopped. I tried to say something to comfort him, but, I didn't know what to say. Instead, I leaned in a planted a warm, dry kiss on his lips. 

The tips of our noses touched as my forehead touched his. He, on the other hand, didn't make a single move. Not a single tear dropped. Not a twitch on his face. We stood there silently until I asked to visit his parents.

The lawn is very grassy and breezy. When we found their tombstone, I carefully placed the flowers in front and stood silently next to Nate with my arm in his.

"Mom, dad, this is Tim Tim. He's a doctor. And my partner."

I nodded with tears in my eyes as I stared at the picture of the lovely couple.

"I'm taking a good care of him, mom, dad, and he's been doing a really good job cleaning the house and making food."

I choked a short laugh out and nudged him playfully. "Nate's mom and dad, your kid is a good kid. I love him very much. I hope you like the flowers."

"They'll love the stargazer lilies."

It'll take another 15 minutes to walk back to our car, so instead, Nate and I peacefully and slowly walked across the lawn. I know he wanted to talk about it.

"My parents, before they separated, used to be a very loving couple. I remember dad kissing mom everyday when he got back home. I would sit in the kitchen and dad would help me with my homework."

"I can tell your dad must be a huge role model for you."

"Mhmmm, he taught me how to swim, play piano..."

"You play piano?" I tried to neutralize the atmosphere.

"Yeah, I suck now," he paused, "And... my mom, she's a beautiful lady. Long jet black hair, curly at the ends. My dad and I loved to smell her hair."

"What are your parents' names?"

"Calvin and Diane."

"How about your parents, Tim Tim?"

"I... don't remember. I was probably 5 when they suddenly left me. My aunt allowed me to stay at her place, but she was killed in a car accident when I was 16. I had no where to go, so I joined the gang. I didn't do much though," I lied, "I ate and slept, maybe cleaned the hideout once in a while." 

I laughed at the laziness.

"Your story sounds worse than mine."

I stopped my walking and held onto Nate's hands, "Nate, my story is not worse than yours. In fact, no one's history should be compared to each other's. There are two types of people, either they suck it up and move on, or they can let themselves be stuck in the past. It's all about the attitude."

"Wow Tim Tim, you surprised me for a sec."

I lifted my chin at him with a grin, "I sound so mature, right?"

He held my chin back down with his fingers and kissed my nose.

"You mind me asking a question?" I asked when we got into our car.

"I'll answer if it's a dirty question," he flashed a horny grin at me.

"Did you find out who did it?" Everything around us turned dark; the sun hid behind the gray clouds.

"No. Not yet."

"Nate," I massaged his tensed shoulder, "You will. I promise."

Chapter 1.14 The Flashback

My vision blurred, and my head was spinning. Fuck, who slipped a pill in my drink?

"Tim Tim," I faintly heard, "fuck, you are hot. I want you so bad, you know that?" This guy was gripping my wrists so hard and strong; he pushed me against a wall and started violating me.

"No," I got really sleepy, "Please... Damon."

"Ahhhhhhhh!" I shot straight up on our bed. Nate quickly turned on the lights and touched me. I turned and buried my face in his chest, breathing heavily.

"It's okay Tim, just a nightmare."

"No, no it's not. No. Nate, don't ever leave me."

"Why would I leave you? You're mine, no one can take you away from me."

He stroked my cheek and brought me down to bed again, my head resting on top of his armpit. He placed his one leg across my hip and pulled me in even closer, until I could smell the dried cum on his broad shoulder. And I fell asleep again.

I moaned as he grinded his cock against my ass crack. I couldn't control my movements. I was very impaired. Suddenly, this sharp pain travelled across my body. 

"Fuck!" he yelled. He lowered his defined chest and laid it on top of my back and he thrusted and thrusted. I couldn't scream; his hands covered my crying mouth as he slammed into me hard and fast. He popped my cherry without my consensus. And all I could do was helplessly cried and suck up the burning pain.

"You're mine. You're mine. I'll fuck you until my cum drips out of your round ass." His sinister laughter ended when Nate woke me up.

"Tim? Tim Tim."

"Nate." I rubbed my eyes.

"You were screaming. I couldn't bear seeing you in pain anymore so I woke you up."

"Thanks."

We showered together. As usual, he made out with me, sandwiching me between him and the tiles. The warm water sprayed on us as our bodies touched and reacted. His sensual words and whispers relaxed me from my nightmare. I tilted my head and he sucked on my neck, marking me as his. 

My knees grew weak when he fingered me with his spit; he carefully watched my reaction on my face and licked his lips seductively at me. I gasped as he took my breath away. This man, I am his. I belong to him. Every kiss, every embrace, every touch, every breath of mine, it's all his... And I love it.

"I promised my nephew that I'm going to visit today."

"You were supposed to be playing with him and not having fun with me yesterday night."

"Weren't you glad?" I chuckled.

"My boner is very satisfied," he leaned in for a kiss, "I'll be at work. Call me when you eat lunch."

I rang the door bell, hoping Kenneth would be the one opening the door. Instead, mother stared straight into my soul when she stood in front of me.

"Mother."

"Timothy."

We stood for a few more seconds before Kenneth ran at me.

"Uncle Tim!" He screamed on top of his lungs, and jumped. I caught him midair and spun him around.

"Come in," mother commanded.

The house wasn't all trashed and smoky like last time. It was bright and beautiful, magnificent in all the ways.

"I'll call when lunch is ready." And mother walked out of the lobby.

Kenneth pulled my jacket, "Uncle Tim! Uncle Damon is upstairs. We can play family."

I burst out in laughter, "Family? I bought a box of Lego for you. We could build a castle."

"But I want to play family."

"Okay okay."

"I am the son, and Uncle Damon is daddy. Uncle Tim, you are the mommy."

What the fuck.

He led me to his room on the fourth floor, where Damon was half naked sitting with a Barbie doll in his hands. I raised my eyebrows when he saw me looking at him like he was retarded. He promptly chucked the doll across the room and Kenneth screamed.

 "Uncle Damon! Barbie is hurt. Why did you throw her away? She's lonely. Like me."

That melted my heart.

"Sorry Kenneth." Damon got up and stood an inch away from my nose, "Hi."

His cologne was stronger than usual.

Kenneth poked me to get my attention again, "Uncle Tim, since you're the mommy, that means you'll have to kiss Uncle Damon!" And he giggled at the thought and ran out the room, shutting the door behind him.
