 Only three short additions to the story for now, hope you guys enjoy!

*****

Chapter 1.7: The Fight

Someone politely knocked on the door, and then ruthlessly banged on it, and before I could open it, the door flew straight at me. I quickly jumped away and Damon caught me in his arms. The punks kicked the door open and walked in the room with their dicks in their hands. Girls hid outside the door frame to sneak a peek of the masculinity that filled the room. I nearly puked. The room smelled too much like teenagers and sex.

"Hey, Damon. And our... Timothy," Punk #1 greeted seductively.

"Get out. Before I break your neck," Damon threatened. But they continued to jack themselves off in front of us.

"Damon, our brother, we just want to meet the legend here. And get to know him, from head to toe," Punk #1 continued as he undressed me with his eyes.

I bit my bottom lip, getting emotionally ready for my act. I gently patted Damon's forearms and nodded at him confidently. With a deep and relieving sigh, I turned around with a kind smile on my face, but with evil intentions seeping out of the corners of my lips.

"At least tell me your name if you want me to recognize you," I smirked, tilting my head and rubbing my neck slowly.

"Name's Rick."

"Well well well, Rick, and what do you want me to do with that boner of yours? It looks very swollen and purple," I teased.

His body almost shook with anticipation. He thought I was going to touch him. Ignorant punks. He thrusted his hip at me, and he squeezed the base of his cock, wiggling it towards me. I pursed my lips and dragged myself across the carpet until his cock was within my reach... and his face too. To be honest, he doesn't look too bad, but his attitude just ruined my impression of him. I mean, who greets people with their dick in their hands? Am I suppose to shake it?

I swung the back of my hand across his face, hard. He dove to the side and smacked his head onto the wall. The two behind him shot their fists at me, but they were so slow. I grabbed Punk #2's fists and twisted with all my might and he screamed in agony after a sick crunch of his bones. I held on to his injured hand and punched Punk #3 in the nose. The guy was very dehydrated, I assumed. The blood that ran down was thick and discolored as he fell on his ass. I let go of my death grip and kicked #2 right in the stomach. That sent him flying out of the room.

Everyone clapped and cheered outside of the room. I turned to look at Damon, as if I was seeking for his approval.

"You're still very good with your games and all," he complimented.

His face suddenly turned serious again, and I sensed movement behind me. Rick recovered and charged at me, and when I spun around with my tactical knife in hand, sticking out next to my hip, he was in so much pain he couldn't even make a sound. He charged right into my blade, and my blade jabbed him right above his manhood.

No one made a noise. It was completely silent; the first time since my arrival. I let go of the handle and wrapped my arm around his head and pulled him close, "You don't do that Rick," I whispered into his pulsing ear, "It's not nice to play ambush you know."

He was in so much pain, and I kind of felt bad for him. But hey, at least I didn't chop his manhood off.

People rushed in to help Rick; that poor boy couldn't even stand up straight. That was when mother appeared and shook her head at me.

"Timothy, showing off your set of skills already... If you would have told me earlier, I would have arranged an arena for you, darling," mother spoke loudly.

Now, her back was facing me, looking at Rick. And I took my chance. I jumped towards her, with my elbow high in the air, ready to crack her skull. She promptly dropped her puddle, and blocked my elbow with one arm. She shifted her position, spun to my right with 4-inch high heels on, and kicked me in my waist with the wedge of her shoe. But not before I yanked her leg, and she fell down with me. And before I could even get up, she was already on her feet and she kneed me at the temple. How embarrassing.

"Timothy, my child, don't you forget who you learned your arts from. Me!" Mother pointed her thumb at her chest. She fixed her fake wig back to position and adjusted her heels while I tried my best to regain my consciousness. She walked up to Damon, and everyone gasped when she slapped Damon the same way I slapped the face of that punk.

"I told you to watch him!" I doubt any of these new children of hers has ever seen their Mother upset before. 

I guess her menopause is finally kicking in.

Chapter 1.8: The Past

"How's your friend, Tim Tim?" Nate and I were cuddling on the couch.

"Huh? Oh, he's still... recovering."

He kissed me on the forehead and I nudged my head into his neck. I swallowed hard. It is getting increasingly difficult to lie to Nate now. I gulped again, this time, making sure Nate notices.

"What's wrong baby?" Nate kissed my faded scar.

"I don't know. I've been asking questions to myself lately."

"Ask me then, I might have answers!" He sat himself up facing me and I leaned my side against the cushion. I couldn't bring my eyes to meet his. But he's really sweet. He caressed my chin with his thumb and lifted my head.

"Look at me Tim Tim."

I puppy-eyed Nate, but his stare was too strong. I immediately threw myself at him, intensely hugging and crying. His tank-top was probably soaked by the time I spoke again.

"Why... why do you love me?" The mucus in my nose made it hard to speak.

"Do I need a reason to?" Nate asked quickly.

"Do you?"

"Do I?"

"You don't even know me, Nate. You don't know me."

"I won't until you tell me about yourself."

"I..." I sobbed and rubbed my nose. Nate took off his tank-top and used it to wipe my tears away. His smooth bare chest warmed my cheek, and his cologne filled my senses.

"You have all the time I have Tim."

I licked my dry lips and swallowed again.

"I... I was bad." Nate chuckled. "When I was 18, I was recruited into a gang. And... I... I was... raped... by... one of my peers." Nate's playful expression turned serious. I looked into his eyes to see if I should continue. "The gang was... bad. The woman in charge, she was... bad." I choked on a laugh of my poor vocabulary. Nate pulled me even closer, until I was sweating because of the heat he was giving off. "She came back for me recently, Nate. I don't want to go back."

"You don't need to. I'll protect you Tim Tim."

"No, don't. She'll do you harm if I don't go."

"Tim Tim, don't forget that I'm a cop. Don't worry about me. I worried about you leaving me than me being dead."

"No! Please. Don't die!" I begged him.

"Tim Tim, calm down. No one will hurt me, and I won't let anyone hurt you." He kissed the tip of my nose; his dreamy face glowed in front of me.

"Kiss me," I demanded.

Our foreheads touched for a little more while before he leaned in and pecked my lips. He pecked again, and then again. And then I opened up for him. His tongue explored every inch of my mouth as I leaned back and rested my head against the armrest. He got on top of me and slid his arms under my back and dropped his heavy body on top of me. I wrapped my arms around him and we laid there for at least 15 minutes before he carried me to our room.

"You haven't fucked me for a few days now, Nate."

"Only if you want me to."

"I want you to."

Nate could tell I was neglecting my wants and needs, but I'm ready to satisfy his.

"Baby, all I want right now is to cuddle with you. Is that okay with you?"

I could only nod.

We stripped and threw the covers over us. His raging boner poked mine but he laughed it off while I was still trying to keep my tears at bay.

"Tim Tim," his fingertips caressed my chest to sooth my sorrow, "I have an interesting past too that I haven't told anybody."

"Yeah?" I swallowed again. Damn, I've been swallowing so many times tonight.

"You want to tell me about it?" I offered. And I'm not even over with my dilemmas yet.

"I am an only child," he began, "And at the age of 7, my parents divorced." He looked into my soul through my watery eyes. "I went to live with my mother after. I thought I would be very happy with her."

I would have thought that he would start tearing up too, but he looks so dead with the memories resurfacing in his head.

"One day...," he sniffed, "my mom went out to get some grocery, and I was at home alone. I was probably... 12. My mom was out for an hour or so when someone rang the door bell. I obviously didn't open the door." He softly chuckled. I try to put a smile on my face as he continued to look at me. "The phone rang, and through the voicemail, my dad told me to open the door. Once I opened the door, my mom looked really nervous with my dad behind her."

I touched along Nate's jawline and leaned in until our lips touched. A drop of tears rolled down Nate's cheek, and I kissed it away.

"My dad was holding a revolver in his hand. My mom then told me to go into my room and lock the door. It wasn't before long until another woman came into the apartment. Tim Tim, I would remember her voice for the rest of my life. She said, 'Bitch, I'll blast your head off!' and then I heard two shots fired."

I gasped, and then of course, swallowed.

"Someone called the police, and when they finally found me hiding in the closet, they sent me to my aunt's place. They didn't even tell me what had happened, but I knew that my parents..."

"Nate..." I couldn't keep it in any longer. I was violently shaking my head, "I'm sorry Nate. I'm sorry."

He hugged me harder, "No, not your fault."

"I didn't mean to make you sad."

"No, stop. You didn't. Don't do this to yourself. It's not your fault."

I sobbed and sniffed, until I fell asleep in Nate's arms.

Chapter 1.9: The Reward

I was still in Nate's embrace when I woke up. It was Saturday, the day I was suppose to kill again.

"Hi," I greeted Nate.

He smiled and gave me a kiss.

"I'm going to head out to my friend's again. Just to make sure everything's okay for him," I announced as I put the plate of breakfast in front of Nate. Nate patted his lap. I grinned widely at him, my puffy eyes still sore. I sat on his lap and fed him.

"You want to take me first before I leave?" I whispered in his ear, putting an evil smile on his face.

He stripped me and acting roughly as he pushed me against the bathroom tiles.

"Ou!" I squealed when he rubbed his dickhead against mine. I panted. My balls ached.

"Nate! Do it!"

Nate kneeled before me and rubbed the underside of my mushroom head with his thumb until my feet burned from the sensation.

"Fuck! Ahhh, keep going!" My whole body tensed up as he slid my length in and out of his hot, moist mouth. I gently massaged his temples as he sucked and blew, licked and swallowed.

"Nate, fuck me. Fuck me! Ahhhh..."

I pushed him onto the toilet seat and I bounced on top of him. "Where's the lube?" he demanded.

"What lube?" I responded, and I jabbed my asshole down his angry cock.

All that came out of my throat were broken moans and groans, and Nate grabbed my ass to slow down the raw sensation.

"Fuck me dry Nate, fuck me until cum lubes your hard-on!"

I rode him up and down, fast and vigorously until he couldn't hold it in anymore.

"Tim Tim, get ready to be blasted!"

"Cum in me." I squeezed his nipples and licked his nose.

That was one of the most intense cum shooting I've ever felt in my life. My toes were all tingly, and my stomach all hot. The ribbons of Nate's man juice flooded my rectum. His arms held on to my fidgeting body as he recovers from his orgasm.

"Now it's your turn."

"Huh?" I was confused from all the heat.

Nate smeared some of the cum that escaped from my ass crack and lubed my cock with it. And then he stood up and threw my legs around his hip and he thrusted up and down again, leaning me against the glass shower door.

"Fuck! It's gonna break!"

One last slam into my prostate and I watered Nate's chest down with my own juice.

"Give me," Nate panted. And I scooped my love juice and smeared it on his lips. He fucking licked it with all the sexiness he had and smooched me. The cum pulled into thick strings as we parted away from each other.

"You're the greatest, Tim Tim."

"I know, I know..." I chuckled.

He held me in the same position, with his softening dick still inside me until all his cum dripped out of me. I felt lifeless when the last drop of semen ran out.

We showered, and when I left the house, my knees were still weak from that intense sex.