 Chapter 2.4 The Wait

"Tim!"

I heard Nate collapse next to me and pulled my motionless body into his warm chest. I couldn't feel like fingers. It was all numb and paralyzed.

"Someone help! Call the ambulance!"

And then I totally slipped into a coma... 

——————————

"Tim!" I shook violently as I witnessed my lover fly over the car and smash into the road. My legs shook as well as I jumped right next to Tim on my knees. I scooped him into my arms; his arm with tiny glass shards pierced through. Blood pumped out and stained my hands.

"Someone help! Call the ambulance!"

His body slowly turned cold in my arms; I could feel each drop of degree.

"Tim, there's so much I want to tell you. Don't die. Please."

Another explosion blasted through the lobby and I shielded Tim with my body.

There was a painful sting on my back, but I ignored it. Right now, it's all about Tim Tim.

More and more officers and paramedics arrived; why were they so delayed?

One of them placed an oxygen mask over Tim Tim's mouth and took care of him into the vehicle. And before the vehicle drove away, another blast from the inside of the building happened when I shut the doors.

"We need to operate on him immediately. Are you his family member? We need you to sign a contract."

"Yes yes yes. I'm his only relative, I'm his boyfriend," I was nervous as hell, "I'll sign it. Just save him!"

"We'll do our best."

I signed the paper and watched as the nurses pushed Tim Tim into the operating theater. I didn't want to let go of his hands. I never did. My eyes swelled with tears and anger as the red light turned on.

"Fuck! Fuck, fuck, fuck. Fuckin' shit!" I yelled across the bright hall. I slammed my fists on the wall and weeped like I was a three-year-old. My body sunk and leaned against the corner with my knees to my face.

"Why Tim? Why?" I choked.

My team found me an hour later at the same exact position. They carried me to the bench and comforted me. Nothing will comfort me other than the news of Tim being alive.

"The station is no more. Gran and Rainen, they..." Officer Andrews shook his head, "they didn't make it."

"It was chaotic. It was Hell!"

"Those people, who are they?!" The rookie slammed and kicked the plastic chairs. 

Just then, a nurse walked out of the theater with blood-soaked gloves. I nearly attacked the nurse.

"The patient is experiencing a severe brain hemorrhage. We are getting blood supplies right now, but it doesn't look good as of now. We are doing everything we could, but please be prepared." And she hurried away.

There was a sudden lack of oxygen in the hallway. I couldn't believe what I've just heard. A hemorrhage... blood in the brain. Tim. No. No... They supported me with their arms, but I fainted like a cop first day on duty.

——————————

"Nate, Nate wake up... Wake up, you lazy bum. When are you going to take me out for dinner?"

"Tim?"

"Nate! Come on!"

Tim Tim sat on the edge of the hospital bed in his hospital gown. It was the type that has his ass exposed to the cold air. He tilted his head and smirked at me.

"Are you okay?" he asked, but I didn't say a word.

He touched my forehead with the back of his hand, "You're not sick, are you?"

I couldn't help it. My tears released and I pounced at him. I hugged him and kissed him and touched him everywhere.

"I miss you Tim Tim. Don't leave me. Don't leave me ever again, you hear me?!" I demanded.

He groaned and jerked; I thought the bear hug bruised him and I looked at him. I cupped his soft rosy cheeks.

"Did I hurt you?"

He shook his head.

I smiled, relieved, and petted his hair.

Though when I looked at my hands, blood stained my hands again. Blood dripped down Tim Tim's face, but he was still smiling.

"What's wrong?" he even asked.

I shot up and the plastic chair tipped over. I looked at my blood-soaked hairs with my widened eyes. No. Tim Tim.

"NOOOOOOOO!" I jumped out of my seat. I panted for a while before I realized I was dreaming.

"No," I whispered softly, "no." I covered my face with my hands and crouched in front of the operating room. The red light was still on.

Andrews squeezed my shoulders and rubbed my back, "Ahhhh... my back." I reached for it.

"Dude! You have a piece of metal stuck to your back!"

"Must have been from the explosion. It's okay."

"I'll get you a nurse."

"Wait..."

And the red light turned off.

"Tim."

A pair of doctors came out first, "Who's the relative of Timothy Chang?"

"I am! I am!" I screamed on top of my lungs, "How is he?"

My team surrounded me, ready to either sigh with relieve or give condolences.

"He is alive."

"Yes!"

"But due to blood loss and the trauma, I cannot give an exact time that he will wake up."

My excitement faded away for a second, "You mean, he's in a coma?"

"Yes, he is very weak physically, but he was very strong-willed. His heart stopped a couple of times during the 16-hour operation, but he was revived every time when it seemed impossible."

"Thank you doctors."

"He'll be in Intensive Care. And once the nurse have finished their tasks, you'll be able to talk to him."

"Thank you. Thank you! Thank you so much!"

The doctors nodded and Tim Tim was pushed out of the room.

Tim. His lips were so pale. His face looked matte. He thinned out within 16 hours. I could see his jawline, my first time seeing it in a very sickening view. I took his hand into mine again.

"Sir, he'll be in room 64. Please give us 15 minutes and you'll be able to interact with the patient when you are suited with protective gears to prevent any infections."

I took a long and deep breath before letting go of Tim again.

Chapter 2.5 The Consequences

The car that hit Tim was not a coincidence. It was all planned. Someone wanted Tim Tim dead.

My boss disappeared after the attack, and 38 bodies were found in the building. Some were our people, others are still being identified.

"Captain, I think you should take a break. To take care of Doctor Chang."

"I will, but first, I need to clean up this mess. And find out who's behind all this!" I slammed my fist on my desk.

Whoever's left in my team was relocated again. This time, to the central headquarter. The head established a new division and he chose me to be the head to investigate the incident. It has been three months since Tim Tim was hit, and still no signs of him waking up. Every day, I would go and hold his hand and kiss him as the heart rate monitor beeps healthily.

"Tim Tim, when you regain your consciousness again, I'll take you around the world. We'll forget everything in the past. We'll be free together, just you and me. No one will want you dead. You will not have to do anything that's against your standards..." I sniffed and held in my tears. My nose turned sour just thinking about Tim sleeping peacefully in front of me.

There was a knock and the doctor stepped in, "Hi, Captain Young, just a regular check-up."

I got out of my chair and stood aside.

"Keep talking to him Captain. He's listening. I'm sure of it."

"I am."

"I have a feeling that he's gonna be up soon."

"You think so?"

"Yeah! Doctor Chang is a strong, and nice, and charismatic. Good guys like him will do fine." The doctor patted my shoulder, "I'll come back again at 5 to check on him again. He's doing very well as of now."

"Thank you," I mouthed.

Just as the doctor stepped out of the door, he turned to me again, "A guy visited earlier today when I was doing my morning check up on Doctor Chang today. He said he is Doctor Chang's older brother. His left cheek was covered with gauze, looked like some kind of a burn wound."

I nearly fell off my chair.

"Thanks for the notice doc."

——————————

"Captain Young." A mysterious figure leaned against my bedroom door frame.

I immediately drew out my gun and pointed at the shadow. It was clearly not Tim Tim.

"I'm here to discuss about Tim Tim's situation. I'm his older brother. I'm Damon." He stuck out his hands.

I slowly withdrew my gun back into my holster, but I didn't return the shake, "What do you want?"

"I will get him out of there tomorrow. I need you to take him somewhere safe. I don't care where, just don't ever come back."

"You what?! You won't be able to get him out of there. You'll only get yourself killed and hurt Tim as well." I blitzed at him and pushed him into the bedroom.

"That's the only way out! There are people in the station that works for mother. The longer he stays there, the more dangerous it gets."

"Mother?"

"Our head. The woman who dragged him into this chaos. Tim didn't kill a target who was supposed to be killed, and as a consequence, he's getting killed."

"Forbes. The prostitute."

"It was either to take the mission, or to see his boyfriend tortured to death in front of him. He loved you, Captain Young. I even tried to rape him and he only called your name."

"You're the one who raped Tim Tim?!" I threw my fist across his face. He crashed into my closet door; and took him by his collar and threw another punch into his guts. He coughed and laughed.

"What's so funny?" my voice became husky and choked.

"I think I finally get why Tim chose you over me."

"Yeah? Why?" I released him from my grip.

"He likes it rough." I swear he winked at me.

"Fuck you," I inhaled, "he loves it when I screw him nice and easy."

Damon broke out a painful laughter. I placed my hands on my hips and watched him tough out the pain.

"Want some ice?"

"That'll be nice."

We sat across from each other at the table. I handed him a beer, and he gladly accepted it.

"Tomorrow. I need you to be ready to grab him near the front entrance of the station. It's gonna be messy alright, but I'm gonna do anything to save him."

"I still highly recommend you not to because we are heavily armed and secured."

"Captain Nate," he stared dead straight right into my eyes, "you have no idea what we are capable of."

——————————

So he's still alive. That's... a good news, I guess.

"So Damon visited you this morning. You two must have a very deep relationship before you met me. Tim Tim, to be honest, I'm a bit jealous of Damon. I could see it in his eyes how deep he is in love with you. That sorrow in his eyes, you really hurt him there." I stroked Tim's soft hands.

"I stay for the night Tim. I have a day off tomorrow." I planted a kiss on his cracked lips, "I miss your passionate kisses, Tim. Wake up for me."

The doctors came by again, and then I got some hospital meal to fill my stomach. The food was horrible, but I wasn't in a really good mood for food anyways.

I gathered all the pillows and jammed them into a mattress on the window seat.

"Good night Tim. I'll see you in the morning." I covered myself with a thin blanket and closed my tired black eyes.

——————————

A knock woke me up the next morning. The doctor came in and greeted me as I jumped off the pillows.

"We have more pillows if you need them."

"Ah, thanks for..." I thought I was dreaming.

As I glanced over Tim's face, his eyelids suddenly twitched. I yelled and pointed at him, "His eyes moved! His eyes moved!" The doctor immediately checked.

"Captain Young, I think he'll be awake within the next hour. Be prepared. I'll be right back."

"Tim Tim," I kneeled in front of the bed; I grasped his hand too hard.

Silently, I could hear him moan due to the pain, but I was too excited to aware of my grip on him. His eyes slowly opened to adjust to the brightness for several minutes. When he could finally open his eyes completely, he tilted his head to me, "Where am I?" I could barely hear him.

"Where am I?"

"You're in the hospital. Tim," I cried tears of joy, "you're finally back. I miss you so much."

"Who... who are you?"

I thought I heard wrong.

"Who," he gulped, "who are you?"

This time, although a whisper, was loud and clear to me.

"Tim... I'm Nate!"

Chapter 2.6 The Reintroduction

My head ached. My whole body ached. And my hand ached, especially when that stranger gripped my hand so tightly.

"Who are you?" I could barely make a sound.

"I'm Nate, Tim. Nate Young. Please don't scare me, Tim. It's not funny."

He was crying his eyes out as I watched his weird expressions on his face. He seemed really happy, but shocked.

Do I know him? He seemed really familiar, but I couldn't recall.

"Tim! Timothy Chang! I'm Nate. Captain. Nate Young!"

"I'm... Tim?" I took a deep breath.

"Yes!" he yelled at me.

A person in a white lab coat walked into the room, "Doctor Chang, Captain Young had waited for three months now. Welcome back."

I smiled, but it only added to the confusion.

"He's not remembering anything, doc. Is it gonna go away?" the handsome man asked the doctor.

"I can't guarantee anything, Captain Young. Keep talking to him, I'll be back soon."

The rest of the nurses walked out and closed the door after they helped me sit up and made sure everything's fine with me.

"What do you remember?" he asked me.

I stretched my neck as I thought about it, "I remember... nothing."

"Nothing? Do you remember anyone? Names?"

"I don't even remember my own name mister."

"I'm Nate, your boyfriend."

I held in my breath for a second. He's... my... boyfriend. Fuck, he's hot. No way in a million years could this have happened.

"You're... my boyfriend. So I'm gay?"

"I suppose."

"Are we married?"

"No we are not. But I hope to someday."

I laughed at the thought, but my lungs choked and I spat out a thread of blood out. He freaked out and immediately pushed the red button as he wiped away the blood.

"Tim, don't die now. You can't just leave me now," he yelled at me without knowing. This guy really likes to yell.

A team of nurses rushed into the room and checked me here and there.

"I feel fine."

"No you're not!" Nate demanded. Wow, he's aggressive.

The nurses calmed him down a little when they told him I was fine. It was better for me to cough out the blood out rather than it being in my lungs.

"You sure you're alright?" he poured a cup of water for me.

"I'm alright, really. Thanks." I reached out for the cup, but he pushed my hands away. He gently placed the cup right on my bottom lip and carefully tilted the cup. I quietly drank as I stared at him.

This man. I must have been madly in love with him before my accident.

——————————

"So what happened to me?"

He hesitated.

"What did I do before the accident?"

"You... you were hit by a car. You were... you... wanted to visit me in the police station. But you crossed the street and you were hit."

"Did you catch the driver?"

"No, not yet."

I sat on a wheelchair next to him on the plastic bench. He held my hands the whole time we were sitting there. I observed the nurses walking around; each time they passed us, they had this jealous smile on their face.

"Who's Damon?"

"Damon? You remember Damon?"

"No. That name just popped out of my mind."

"He's your... older brother. Maybe a step-brother. I don't know."

"Is he around?"

"He's... He is..."

"Stop lying to me, Nate."

He flinched. His jaw clenched.

"Tell me the truth." I looked at him.

"Tim, I honestly do not know. We've been together. But I've never forced you to tell me about your past. But I know it was full of tragedy. Like mine."

"Tragedy." A sudden wave of memories electrocuted me. I screamed and held on to my hair as he tried to stop me from falling off the wheelchair.

"Tim Tim! No! No!"

My eyes watered and I stopped struggling. I couldn't stop sobbing. My nose became runny. My ears were hot to touch.

"My parents died... I... I was all alone," I quietly spoke, trying to remember all the details.

"And?" Nate kneeled in front of my on both knees.

I shook my head, "That is all."

But that wasn't all.