 Hey guys,

Here are two short additions to the story, and I hope this will temporary satisfy the wait. Please comment and suggest how this story should continue on. I have ideas, but I was to see other perspectives as well. Don't forget to vote! Your support is my only source of motivation to continue on with this story!

echoi1995

Chapter 2.2 The Explanation

I waited quietly across his house behind a tree until Nate drove into his garage. But he didn't turn on the lights; he's probably really tired of all the shit that's happening.

I rushed across the street and skillfully jumped over the fence without making a sound.

I waited, listening for movements.

This was so much harder to do than leaving Nate, having to confront him any moment now. I choked with fear as I exhaled. What if he doesn't trust me after all?

I slowly slid the glass door to enter; Nate always has his glass door unlocked.

And when I took a few steps into the house, Nate tackled me to the carpet.

"What are you doing here?!" He sounded calm, but rage inside of him burned my heart.

"I missed you," I confessed, still pinned on the ground.

He slammed my wrists to the carpet, and I opened my mouth to let out a painful whimper. He took this opportunity and seized my thoughts with a soul-sucking kiss. He let go of my arms and cupped my cheeks, and rubbed his trapped hard-on against mine. We had to break our kiss to catch our breath.

"Nate, I..."

"Shhhhh," he hushed, "I don't need explanations. I trust you. I want you to be safe, but my house... You have to leave now."

"Nate, please, at least let me stay for the night. I need you to be by my side."

"I need you too baby. You have no idea how cold it was sleeping without you."

I let out a relieving laugh.

He led me back to our room and closed the door.

"Kiss me," I begged.

He pushed me onto the bed, and pounced on top of me. His eyes were red from all the work; I thumbed the dark skin underneath his eyes.

He lowered his head and his lips hovered over mine, teasing me.

"Please, Nate. Please."

Nate gently pecked me on the lips. Again. And then again. Each time he pulls away, my heart thumped nervously.

I sucked in his scent, relieving me from all my worries. And I fell deep asleep.

The scent of Nate disappeared long ago when I woke up. It was replaced with the smell of rusting chains and air freshener. My eyes were barely openable and the lights flooded my eyes. Fuck, I was drugged. Was it Nate?

The door opened and Nate's boss walked in with his team. I was chained to the bed, shirtless. The grandpa smiled at me like a pedophile and sat next to me.

"Now be a good boy and tell me everything."

"Where's Nate?" I have calmed myself down.

"Why do you want to know? He's the one who brought you here."

I was caught off guard, even though I know that might have happened.

"He wouldn't do that," I lied to myself.

"He's a police officer, and he would do anything to catch a criminal. That includes sleeping with him."

I was enraged. I pulled the chains really hard and struggled, but I kicked the old bastard off the bed. One of them pointed his pistol at me while the other helped the old man up.

The old man just looked at me with a wicked grin and waved the others out of the room. When the door closed, he leaned really close to me.

"Mother would love to see your reaction when she tortures Nate in front of you."

I instantly froze inside out.

"Nate is such a nice looking fella. It would be a waste if she gives him a cut here," he drew a line on my face, "and here", and another line across my cheek, "and here..." and a final line down my faded scar.

My breath accelerated rapidly. I could barely hold myself up. I choked, "Tell mother," I gulped, "if she touches Nate, I'll fry her alive as I pluck her hair out one by one and make her eat it." My eyes were so wide and wild the old man scooted a little out of fear.

There was a series of loud bangs on the door. Through the squared window, Nate was eager to get in.

The old man chuckled and gave me a punch on my biceps. He opened the door and left as Nate rushed in and kneeled next to the bed.

"Tim Tim, I... I... I don't know what happened. I woke up in my room and I found out you were arrested."

I frowned and looked at the metal cuffs around my wrists.

"Tim Tim, talk to me. I didn't call or anything. I..."

"It's okay," I cut him off.

There was a long pause before he started speaking again. A gentle breeze filled my heart and soul; I feel very light and very relieved.

"Tim, I was setup."

"Nate, I think it's time for me to explain. It's time for you to know who I really am."

Nate looked completely upset. I have never seen him like this before. My hands slowly covered his and I gave them a squeeze, filling him with courage. And I told him my real story.

Every little detail. About the murders. About Mother. About Damon. And about Kenneth.

"I'm sorry, Nate."

He stared at me without twitching an eyelid.

"We are done, Nate. You and I. We don't belong to the same world. You're the cop, I'm the robber. We can't. We can't."

My words crashed into him like a bowling ball to his brain.

Our relationship will never be the same again.

Chapter 2.3 In Deep Trouble

The room was horribly dark and humid, and I could hear rats scratching inside the walls. I couldn't go to sleep. I just couldn't. Who would be able to anyways when you are restricted from seeing your boyfriend who might be outside, sitting against the cold door?

"Nate..." I whispered. I don't actually know if he's really outside or not.

And I cried myself to sleep.

"Tim," Damon covered his hands over mine and held up the gun in my hands, "you hold it like this, aim, and fire."

The heat of his body shot through my back each time he pulled the trigger, sending dozens of birds flying in the air. A bead of sweat rolled down the side of my face; Damon must have seen it and rubbed his face against mine. The water made our faces rub smoothly. That electrical current sparked a fever in me. He was too close. Too close.

He whispered in my ear, "You got it?" I could smell his breath, a fruity scent from his gum. I could only nod since words aren't coming out of my mouth.

"How are you boys doing?" mother stood behind us, a grin on her beautiful young face.

"I'm training Tim. He's doing great, mother." Damon replied, smiling from ear to ear.

"Yeah," I managed to spit out.

"Boys, you two are going to be the pillar of this family. I see potential in you two. You're gonna have bright futures, make lots of money, have all the girls you want."

Damon looked back at me when mother mentioned girls. And I gently lifted my eyes to his. Then mother realized something in us. And then she turned to leave us alone. It got really quiet, and I was breathing hard by each second. Damon's gaze was like Hell.

He walked closer... and closer... until a tree stopped me from stumbling back. His bulky chest pushed against my lean body.

"Tim."

I could feel his heartbeat, each one pounded harder and louder than the previous.

"I like you, Tim." He brushed my hair to the side and kissed my forehead.

I felt terribly dizzy by then, was it the heat?

"Say something, Tim. Please."

I bit my bottom lip, and let out a gentle moan.

"Fuck..."

His hands trailed down until he outlined my dick through my thin shorts.

"Don't break our eye contact, Tim."

He pulled the waistband of both my shorts and underwear, and a cold wind stirred up my rod. It's so hard to not close my eyes.

Damon clawed on my shorts as my dick grew hard and jumped to brush over his fingers. That hot and unexpected sensation made my knees buckle, but he caught me.

Two gunshots were fired from a distance.

"Lunchtime," Damon mumbled as he bit my ear softly.

Another two gunshots were fired from a distance.

Wait.

And another two.

And a loud explosion.

The metal door busted open. Smoke fogged the room as more gunshots were fired.

"Tim Tim." Damon rushed in with a set of keys in his hand, "Come on." He threw my handcuffs to the side and grabbed my wrist. He yanked me out of the room before I could say anything.

The police station was a mess. Cops were running around with their shotguns, but our family members were a lot quicker and skilled. Damon has shot down at least three cops; I wished he hadn't. The sprinklers went off and everyone was blinded for a second. And then the guns continued to blast.

"Help! Help!" Innocent people cried out and screamed, hiding under their seats. Damon pushed me behind a wall and covered my mouth with his wet hands.

"Go find Nate, Tim. Leave with him. Don't ever come back." I saw tears forming in his eyes. "Go!" He pushed me to the entrance of the station. Everyone was dead in the lobby. My head screamed.

This is all my fault.

The fluorescent tubes sparked as I headed out of the shattered glass doors. And if it weren't for the shards, I wouldn't have seen a red laser traveling on the cement, and then landed at my heart.

Fuck.

I jumped back into the lobby as the sniper blasted and cracked a ceramic floor tile. Shards cut through my forearm and I laid there, behind the desk.

That was not a cop, that was mother's people. She knew Damon would rescue me, and she wants me dead. The family was divided.

Another set of enforcement came in through the lobby. SWAT team.

"All snipers are down, sir."

"Good, shoot at will when we enter into the area."

"Yes sir!" They all said in unison.

No! Damon! Please don't die!

As soon as the team disappeared into the hallway. I rushed out and hid behind a plant box. News reporters were dead on the road. Parents were screaming for help, holding their bleeding children in their shaking arms. No, this shouldn't be how it's going to end.

This is all my fault. All my fault!

I couldn't stop myself from shaking. It was like having a seizure. I couldn't even stand up.

Something blew up inside the building.

A fire broke out.

A body flew out.

This is too much for me. Someone kill me!

This is the first time I was genuinely scared for my life. Everything is breaking apart!

My vision blurred, and I thought I had begun hallucinating. Someone was calling my name.

"Tim Tim! Tim Tim! Timothy!" It sounded like Nate.

I almost fainted from high blood pressure and low blood sugar.

"Tim! Where are you?!"

"Over here." I mouthed. The sound of Nate's voice strengthened me. I helped myself up, leaning heavily against plant box. Nate waved at me as soon as he spotted me.

I stumbled down the flights of stairs and he bear hugged me when we touched in the middle of the street.

"Tim, we're getting out of here. We're not coming back here ever again."

"Nate," I sobbed, "let's go."

I wasn't supposed to have the kind of strength needed to push Nate away, but when I saw, in the corner of my eye, a vehicle coming towards us in lightning speed, I gathered all my might and gave him a heart-ripping push.

He landed on the concrete, safe from harm.

The windshield cracked into spider webs when my skull smashed into it. I rolled sideways on top of the car and crushed my bones when my head hit my forearm instead of the hard asphalt.

And all things sounded quiet and wonderful as I took a final glimpse of Nate.

I love you, Nate...